The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Living Large Song: The Overweight Lover's in the House Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Heavy D] Sittin in my room with my smokin jacket on The fireplace is burning and the girlie is WARM Time to make my move, so gently I kiss her Whisper in her ear, and tell her that I miss her She might try to pop that boyfriend junk But I don't really care because I know he's a punk I'll stomp him like a roach if he tries to approach He can't get close cause I'm the one who WROTE the Book of Romance, so come on take a chance You don't need a long look, all you need is a glance If you wanna get warm, in my ARMS you belong You have a problem, Hev'll solve 'em, nothin can go wrong - when The Overweight Lover's in the house! {*4X*} [Heavy D] You said I couldn't do it, then it got done And after you and I did it, you said it was FUN~! Now every day of your life you wanna be with me When you got time to spend you spend time with Heavy D I notice that you hold me gentle as a rose I'm rough and tough baby, but then I suppose that I had to be held in order to start holdin I think I got you hittin, so let's start rollin! The Overweight Lover's in the house! {*8X*} {*scratched interlude of James Brown samples*} [Heavy D] Heaven sent on our trip, champagne we sip You look at me I look at you, then we touch lips We roll around in the sand, later on hold hands Walk by the beach and I can teach ya Heavy D's game plan See the way that I am, is the Big Loverman Check out the rhyme and in due time you'll be a Hev D fan I'm swift you know, an Overweight Romeo Come get a piece of the beast, because it's good to go Emcee Heavy D ALL ladies I'm hookin Big extra love but STILL good lookin For you and I to swing on our romance free all you gotta do is lean on me, BECAUSE The Overweight Lover's in the house! {*2X*} I'm an Overweight Lover, entertainer of many Now when I do a party now I may not do plenty Girls out the crowd seem to go berserk They start yellin and screamin "HEAVY D GO TO WORK" And when I'm through rockin and chillin at the disco they grab me up and scoop me up, they just won't let go That's when I know that there's been too much charmin I put 'em in a line and say "Please don't squeeze the Charmin" The Overweight Lover's in the house! {*8X to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Living Large Song: Nike Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Ni-Ni-Nike-Nikes" [Heavy D] N-N-N-Nikes I'm for 'em, out the store I bought 'em And on the b-b-basketbll c-court is where I score them I'm a, Nike bro I sing SOPRANO acapello Every, tour that I go, oh no, I won't forget 'em It's a dangerous thing, never leave home without 'em Trade in my Nikes I won't even think about it On my beat the Nike's sleeker, the other kicks are weaker Eddie F pushes the button, the beat comes out the speaker The boy can do the dancin, he also does romancin And when I park my Blazer in my Nikes I'll be p-p-prancin "Niiiiiiii-kes" {*repeat 2X*} [Heavy D] Oh what a relief! They have red ones, yellow ones, black ones too White on white, green on white, just to name a few My crew is fully equipped from ah, the tops to bottom Everything Nike makes, Heavy D & the Boyz got 'em So hurry up-ah, run to the store, go get a pair Guaranteed to be the #1 sneaker of the year If you're buy yourself, get some for your crew We wear N-Nikes so you should wear N-Nikes too "The Nike-the Nike-the Nike-the Nike" {*4X*} "Niiiiiiii-kes" {*repeat 2X*} [Heavy D] What else can I say? (Nike) We didn't do this cause we had to We did this cause we wanted to All we wear is Nike, I sleep with Nikes Ah-aha-ha-ah-ah-ah-Nikes {*Nike samples repeated to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & The Boyz Album: Living Large Song: Chunky But Funky (Remix) Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ VERSE 1: Heavy D ] Poetically inclined, put in good order I keep a party filled like a bucket of water When Heavy's in the house, all the girls go crazy Fellas that are jealous say, "Man, you amaze me!" But all you need is the secret I keep You grab a girl, gain some weight so she can squeeze the beat Say "Hey good lookin" with the sweetest position "Get inside the car so I can crank the ignition You got some trouble, I handle him fo' ya We cruise around in my BMW" You got to have the voice to make the people jumpy I'm proud to say I got it this way, I'm chunky but funky [ VERSE 2: Heavy D ] Man, I stand as a man, mixin music with noise And every show that I go I bring along (The Boyz) I'm 6 foot 2, a half a inch from 3 Don't need to tease, come on and squeeze MC Heavy D Because I love to party, stronger than Bacardi Walk down the street, I don't need a body-guardy Eddie F is rippin, The Boyz are hop-hippin My mind designs the rhyme, Heavy D, I do the lippin Once I get ready my rhymes remain steady Of course I get support from the crowd.. (Go Heavy!) I demand of opposition, get ready to fly I keep you dwellin till you ask me why I'm chunky but funky I am chunky but funky [ VERSE 3: Heavy D ] Strong like an ox, sly and slick like a fox Takin all MC's, knock em out the box I'm an overweight lover, got loots and cute Take a girlie to the crib and knock all the boots I'm strengthly stronger, I can last longer Perfectly pleasin party people performer Cold gettin paid is the way I live You said I'm wack (sit down) you know what time it is Suckers bow down to the rhymes I wrote All you ducks on dope is good enough to smoke It's guaranteed like Bruce Lee to kick the party alive When I enter the club elders run and hide  >From this overweight attractive, hold the crowd captive On the microphone I'm so damn active MC Heavy D poetically jammin To this beat that you keep demandin Rhymes and more, cause you came for The Overweight Lover, raw to the core Designin and rhymin, flyin and climbin To the top where stars are shinin Beat conductor, rhyme constructor Like sandpaper, but a whole lot rougher Voice so smooth to keep the people jumpy Yo Boyz (yo) tell em what I am: (he's chunky but funky) [ VERSE 4: Heavy D ] The gear that I wear is perfectly fitted Rappin is my life and to it I am committed Poetically inclined as a master with the rhyme Like a typical word I'm hard to define When I'm on the tape people stop at attention Stuck like a truck in the mud when I mention Things in a rhyme that they can't find Jump up from the seat, run to the rewind Button and press just to make sure Call all your boys and they want more You all agree that the jam's not sloppy The crowd be up and say (yo, can we get jumpy?)  I'm chunky but funky (He's chunky but funky) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Living Large Song: Dedicated Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: unnamed singer] Stay-ay-ay, stay dedicated You've got to stay-ay-ay, stay dedicated You've got to [Heavy D] Now this is called "Dedicated," though not a dedication It's about an obligation in a love situation Guys don't get your girls, girls don't get your guys with a, relationship full of backstabbin lies BUT I'm here to tow the line on all that shooting Dedicating is the subject I'm speaking on therefore I need your undivided, attention Sit and listen to, what Heavy D mentions [Heavy D] Pretty lady, I heard about your status You're lookin for the boy, whose pockets are the fattest And, I also know about your bad repu-ta-tion The things you so, inside of a rela-tion- -ship behind their backs, you use and abuse them But in the face you say that you love them 'til one day Prince CHARMING comes along~! You say to yourself you won't do nothing wrong Saw your opportunity, decided, to grab it But first things first, you kicked your bad habit Told your best friend you had the perfect life But what can never go wrong, never will sound right You see this guy that you're with is what like you used to be He takes a lover undercover, destroyed your dignity It used to be a joke but now the table's turned You're the one gettin dissed, so I hope that you learned that he was lookin for some action, some satisfaction You thought it was, a physical attraction Then one day, you caught your lover out there When you asked him why he did it, he said he didn't care So remember next time, you wanna act crazy what comes around GOES AROUND, pretty lady! Lady, lady... dedicated [Heavy D] You got yourself a girlie and you should be coolin Tryin to play the role, but who are you foolin? Your lady's not the one she knows about yo' schemin Time to wake up, pal - stop dreamin Before you know it what you got gets GONE! You're sittin in the room with your head down mourn-ing/morning time comes, who's there it ain't your girlie You said that you missed her, shoulda thought about it earl-ier Cause now you're all alone no one to play with No one to squeeze you easy, or give your a kiss Kiddly kiddly kiss, kiddly kiddly kiss... There's a lesson to be learned, I hope that you're learning Cause if you disregard it's LOVE you will be yearning What I'm tryin to say is this, READ between the lines Don't make a commitment you can't stand behind Cause in the long run it'll only grow worse And the love that you have'll turn out to be a curse You struggle wit'cha life, tryin to get situated When all you had to do is chill, and stay... Dedicated {*singers ad lib to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Living Large Song: Here We Go Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Heavy D messing around in the studio] Yo Heavy D's in effect, I'm chilling Al just play it Ba-dap-ba-dap, ba-dap-ba-dap I write rhymes, conduct and illu... yo hold up Hold up, hold up - hold up, hold up Hold up - yo it ain't swingin enough man Y'know I'm a swing beat artist and we GOTS to make this one, a hit! YAH~! ... Aiyyo, aiyyo T What's the name of this joint? (Here we go) That's right y'all, the Overweight Lover Emcee Heavy D, is now in effect So all you crab emcees, have a seat! [Heavy D] The title of the show (HERE WE GO) in case you didn't know And on the mic, this crowd I HOLD in my posession, cause I'm givin lessons for those emcees, who's all about half-steppin Take the time, listen to direction Move your groove to the Heavy D section You'll have a ball when the bass is dropped So open up guitars and let the music ROCK Cause here we go! [Heavy D] I write rhymes, conduct and illustrate it You buy my records so my pockets get inflated This mic tonight, I'ma tear it apart! But they won't begin until Heavy D, STARTS Grab a chair, sit down, buckle up For those of you who got in, you lucked up Cause outside, there's a line around the block And they all came to see Heavy D, ROCK~! I be prepared so any time you're ready Fellas call me Hev, ladies call me Heavy We'll start the show with an orchestra blast Make the slow dance become a thing of the past I'ma introduce, the rapper of the year Me, Heavy D, so let's get it in gear! Here to let you know, I'ma start the show Fill up the floor, open the door because Here we go! [Heavy D] This party or show, I added a touch Cause the bass of my voice, might become too much So for me to take a rest, and come back to wreck There's a man in the back, that I want you to check On the right turntable, the left he exact With the mixer in the center to conduct the scratch Every cut that he creates, is right and exact Yo Eddie F keep 'em busy, 'til I get back Here we go! {*Eddie F cuts and scratches*} [Heavy D] I got my rest I feel fresh now it's time to hustle Fellas grab your 40's, and go guzzle but quickly return you might miss the end You'll be mad if you hear about it from a friend By the look on your face, I tell that you are pleased By the look on my face, you tell I did it with ease Grab your Kodak, before I break take - a picture And as you leave I hear you whisper, "We'll miss ya" But don't fret~! I'll be back you can bet But now I really must go, cause I'm drippin with sweat But do me a favor before I leave the show Throw your hands in the air, let me hear y'all say HERE WE GO! [Outro: Heavy D] Break this down like this, hold up The Overweight Lover Heavy D, is on point So let THAT, be final.. CHUMP! Ha ha... to my entire crew DJ Eddie F, G-Wiz, Trouble T-Roy Little Al on the drums... {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Living Large Song: On the Dance Floor Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] AIYYY! On the dance floor {*2X*} AIYYY! On the, dance floor now hit me! AIYYY! Aiyyy, aiyyy, aiyyy... AIYYY! [Heavy D] Get up and cup your feet, the beat has just been played I know you like what you're hearin cause you look amazed The reason for the matter that you're standin there gazin The record is for you and Heavy D is, amazing Truthfully speaking, I am treating you to a sound you've {?} been needing Combined with the funk full power of beat Originated situated, by MC Heavy D, yah~! AIYYY! On the dance floor AIYYY! On the, dance floor now hit me! [Heavy D] Motivation is the thought that we put behind this musical scratch, combined with rhyme So that you can enjoy, and employ yo' feet to the beat of a man, not a boy Adjust yourself, get a musical grip Exciting lyric writing, I know it can hit It's too hard to resist, a beat like this Don't fight it, just like it, cause you can't miss From the tune I assume, that you will soon be filled with the skill, that's around the room Cause I am presenting, my rapping skill So you can dance to my beat, and dance you WILL! [Interlude] AIYYY! ... {*2X*} On the, dance floor now hit me! [Heavy D] An introduction is deserved to show you where we stand Heavy D & the Boyz, the dance floor band The crew with the juice, rock and we produce No stoppin when we're droppin when we start to get loose Outrageous and famous, cash obtainers Schooler of the beat and tough guy tamer Speech comin from the Overweighter Dominator Rough and tough I'll sink a perpetrator With my crew by my side, G-Wiz and T-Roy In the booth is Eddie F, they unite THE BOYZ~! I'm hurtin and I'm workin, non-believers dispersin The Overweight Lover, and I will cold hurt and if any folks negative toward me Not despisin but I'm risin over duck emcees Cause I will take 'em, make 'em, reshape 'em Bring 'em to the crib, study hard then make 'em better than they were or ev-er, could be Now they're a perfect product, by emcee Heavy D Cause I got the truth and a whole lot more Don't be sad that I was back on the, dance floor YAHHH! [Outro] Aiyyo DJ Eddie F, I made up this BRAND new stomp down dance It's called the Heavy D shake, you wanna see how it go? Check this out AIYYY! On the, dance floor now hit me! Aiyyy, aiyyy, aiyyy, aiyyy {*7X*} AIYYY! On the, dance floor now hit me! {*fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D. & The Boyz Album: Living Large Song: Moneyearnin' Mount Vernon Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (Funky)	--> James Brown (Money, money, money)	--> The O'Jays (Funky) (Funky) (Money, money, money) (Funky) Get up, party people, listen to this rap Cause I'm about to go down and put my town on the map MC Heavy D, delighted you'll be learnin About the place where I rest, Moneyearnin' Mount Vernon (Money, money, money - MONEY)		(2x) My town is really quaint, but we ain't no saints And if you think we're pooh-puts, think again, we ain't We're stormin strong, get taken out, never [Name] Mob, stone cold terror Not here to talk about that negative tip Just makin sure you didn't make the mistake and slip Not rappin all about the good times and chillin But you can come and visit, homeboy, that's if you're willin If you like it so far, you think you want more? Come Uptown and I take you on a Heavy D tour On Mount Vernon (1-2-3 - hit me!) (Money, money, money - MONEY)		(4x) Born in Jamaica, Mount Vernon I grew But I still do my shopping on 4th Avenue Buy my Nikes from Chambers, then walk down the block Get the gear that I wear from Buddy's Big Men Shop When I start to get hungry and it's time to eat Buy a burger from Shabazz on 4th Ave./3rd Street I'll never forget the place I got my start Around the corner from the crib, and it's called ([Name] Park) Now in this park I'd bang a beat on a seat Bust a rap for the crowd that was really unique For an eight year old kid inside the 4th grade And when I grew they all knew that I'd get paid And on my way up I took no shorts on the court I played and I slayed, I learned and I taught And shortly after that everybody was yearnin For Hev to go down in the town of Mount Vernon Moneyearnin' Mount Vernon (Fellas, I'm ready to get up and do my thang)	--> James Brown (Yeeeeah, gimme some mo')	--> The JB's (1-2-3 - hit me!) (Funky) (Funky) (Funky) (Gimme some mo') (Funky) (Funky) (Funky) (Gimme some mo') (1-2-3 hit me!) In the summertime, when the heat is hot We can cruise on 3rd Street, but you can call it the block Fly ladies out there in the short set suits Nothin ugly approved cause all the girlies are cute Would drive in my Blazer for a four-dollar fee Written on the license plates is my name - When it's time to chill we go to 4th Street Park Pick up some brew from Big Lou when it gets dark Go watch the summer league games, sip and forty and max Cheer for the winner and watch the competiton get waxed When that's all over it's party time Come to the show and watch me go on a Heavy D rhyme In Mount Vernon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Living Large Song: I'm Gonna Make You Love Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Heavy D] I'm gon' make you love me! Word.. word.. Word, word Pretty lady, can I have a Second of your time, in order to deliver This message that I've been keepin Inside for a while since you and I been meetin Now, I've seen girls, in many different places Some were fly, some with okay faces But all that you could do was stop and glance But you really caught the eye of the Overweight Prince That day that I saw you shoppin in Macy's Tried to track you down, girl you drove me crazy Now that I got you, in front of me You'll never wanna leave Heavy D, I'm gonna make you love me I'm gonna make you love me, love me I'm gonna make you love me I'm gonna make you love me, love me I'm gonna make you... love me [Heavy D] It took weeks, tried to track you down Spent a whole lot of time searchin all around town It's like you disappeared, without a trace Then one day I turned around BOOM you're right in my face So just chill, cause this will only take a minute Sit down relax while I start from the beginnin See I am Heavy D and entertainment's my profession There's no stoppin love when I start my caressin I can make your day, much brighter than the sun And if you like good times, I'm the one for fun I won't try to buy you girl with my money or gold Cause love can't be bought is how the story is told But I'll treat you really good, give you all of my time And each and every day you will be on my mind All I want from you is truth and honesty You'll never wanna leave Heavy D, cause I'ma make you love me I'm gonna make you love me I'm gonna make you love me I'm gonna make you love me I'm gonna make YOU... love me [Heavy D - over Chorus] Yeah you see what I'm sayin? Y'know, come to the crib, say about 9 o'clock And I'll have the filet mignon And Dom Perignon CHILLIN on ICE And when you come, park, y'knahmsayin? Word The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Living Large Song: Overweighter Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Heavy D] I'm an overweight lover, mic dominator When I get loose, not another brother greater DJ Eddie F will STORM the crossfader And I am emcee Heavy D... The Overweighter {*2X*} As I grab the mic to speak, how they rush and pack No misdegree it might lead to you, gettin cracked My name is emcee Heavy D, I'm known to the nation The Overweighter, is my creation Beloved intelligence BACKED, by elegance Practically impossible for you to, rebel against The form is strong and strictly up-to-dated Sit back and listen to, what Heavy situated - Overweighter! The Overweighter Complications may develop, during this form of rap I've overcome it overwhelmingly it's just a fact Cause I'm a trooper on the mic that's then to be an inspiration for folks who sit in the rap industry Before I will obtain, gain without strain And power so strong that I absorb to remain the wizard of rap, on the microphone stand Make it seem like it's a dream, I'm in command The Overweighter! The Overweighter The Overweighter! (The Overweighter) The rhyme be comin at'cha like a bat out of hell The jam is fresh we made it well, I know what it sell When I say we, it ain't just me, cause it's my DJ too He jams tonight for yo' delight, when I say yo' I mean you To be specific, he's terrific, he can't be whack So sit down you need to clap, with {?} cap Cause he's alert and he will hurt, on his face there'll be a smirk to sweep the rest away, and treat 'em all like dirt He's on top, he won't drop~! He will not stop Bend jocks around the block, when in the spot He's the best I must confess, you will be impressed Let me introduce you all to my partner - Eddie F {*Eddie cuts and scratches for a bit*} Deejay, Eddie F!! Eddie F!! Check out my talent with finesse and poise Cause what I represent is music, not noise I'm a talented graceful, rhymes are so tasteful Snatch your girl with a wink, I got much pull! Why do you think they call me MC Hev D? Cause I'm an Overweight Lover on the M-I-C Not a girl inside the crowd that'll disagree But if there is, come check with me, personally The Overweighter! The Overweighter The Overweighter! The Overweighter A-YAH~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Living Large Song: I'm Getting Paid Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Heavy D] I'm gettin cash every show, cause I'm a hip-hop pro Five hundred thousad of my records, will sell and go gold Grab your Bacardi and go, Heavy D is no joke Gettin paid by the pound so I could NEVER go broke You know the rhymes that I write, just like the swish from my Nike Nothin wrong with soundin soulful everything is precise Check the cardio depth, cause I'ma work up a sweat It gets no better than this, this is as good as it gets I'm gettin paid... I'm gettin paid In my room against the wall, lies my Nike sneakers In the back of my 'blazer, is my piledrivin speakers Performance of my system, solid as a rock I got a whip so people look, when I cruise up the block I'm the H-E-A-V-Y dash, get cash in a flash So fast D no other emcee, will ever surpass my rhymin skill, because I'm dressed to kill When I get loose upon the mic, you become - FULFILLED! My rhymes must be noticed, cause I'm the one who wrote it Some say they don't like it, but turn around and quote it HOLD IT~! I wanna make sure, you know who I am What's my name? (Heavy D) That's right now back to the jam I'm gettin paid... I'm gettin paid Aiyyo let's do it like this, break this down Eddie F [Interlude] Aiyyo, I'm gettin so much cash I got girls all over the world Cause I'm the Overweight Lover, Heavy D I got a gold plated 4x4, blazin pinky rings Nugget watches, nugget chains, nugget hats Nugget bracelets, nugget notes, nugget beats I'm so RICH in talent, I'm so that I'm just paid, I'm gettin paid I'm tellin you I'm gettin paid {*instrumental solos for a bit*} [Heavy D] I stayed up late, I took the time to create I erased and rearranged, 'til it was great Grabbed my pen and my pad, just thought I'd write somethin bad To my show in a li-mo, I won't appear in a cab When I step out my Jeep, the ladies kiss on my cheek And then I'm rudely interrupted cause my beeper goes beep The Gucci gear that I wear, just like my natural curled hair And every place I appear, the people stop and stare They look - whisper - kick 'em and point And accordin to the public HEAVY D IS THE JOINT They admire the gold, that I wear so bold And like a river that flow, my bank account will grow If I need to know time, I look at my nugget watch I got all flavor Nikes with the fat colored socks I'm gettin paid! I'm gettin paid The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Living Large Song: Rock the Bass Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*Heavster doesn't start rapping 'til 0:40*} [Heavy D] Stories may be told, some right some wrong About the way I put together, the Hev D song Because the rhymes I recite, are powered like a rocket When I say "bass" Eddie F will drop it Decided in my mind to draw a picture that is perfect Listened to it over and over but it was worth it The Overweight Lover's got the WHOLE party jumpin But that ain't nothin cause I just started cuttin and flowin to the sound, created and designed by me Heavy D, the Overweighter with a rhyme Built like a bomb to destroy the place Yo Eddie F, rock the BASS [Heavy D] Now when it comes to lovin, it can get no better I keep a girlie warm in the winter like a sweater Poetically spoken, the rest will get broken While other flip lips if you talk start chokin Take my gun and then aim it, your title I will claim it Grab a camera, take a picture, blow it up and then frame it~! The Overweight Lover's gonna dog the place So Eddie F, rock the BASS [Heavy D] Ask {?} I slam, but fly's the tone to the beat that I speak upon the microphone Some describe my voice as a baritone But all I know is on the throne, I hold my own When you're entered the joint, you knew that I would rip And there was hope that you could quote another Hev D hit So I won't let you down, cause I'ma dog the place Yo Eddie F, rock the BASS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Living Large Song: Mr. Big Stuff (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Heavy D] I'm rough and tough and all that stuff I make you dance and prance 'til you huff and puff There's just no way you can get enough of ME, yo' Mister, Big Stuffff! I'm the overweighter, prince dominator Emcee Heavy D, constant weight gainer! And since I choose, the weight not to lose I will stay THIS way, so that I can bruise emcees around, who front and frown You go round for round, I go pound for pound At the end of the party when you're sayin g'night Don't come to me and say "take it light" I'm your Mr. Big Stuff [Heavy D] I'm a quick rhyme shooter, rap rookie, recruiter I always say could, never ever say coulda I'm healthy and stacked, not a beast or all fat I get applause and awards every time I rap I love the way I am, I would NEVER switch! I'm the greatest entertainer since a porno flick You move and groove to my funky tune Party people, it's TIME to make room for your Mr. Big Stuff [Heavy D] Rock it, Big Stuff, the record, me the mastermind A top dollar money better, go get a, designer A fly girl lover and a woman pleaser Girls come to me say "Heavy let me squeeze ya" An incredible, overweight huggable prince, a bold treat, that's why I'm so lovable I got the knack to keep the fly girls shovin Two hundred and sixty pounds of good lovin They all want me, emcee Hev D The more of the beef the mo' there is to squeeze Got the juice to get loose, make you all get up You want a swig, give me a ring, Heavy D Your Mr. Big Stuff~! Eddie F, break down! [Heavy D] Now I'm the swing beat artist with skills to kill Money earnin Mt. Vernon's where I live and chill When I walk the streets, I get MUCH respect Get hellos and what-nots from the young'uns and the vets Cause I never been beaten, rhymes are pre-sweetened Duck, punk panty emcees, stop retreatin Cause on Heavy D, you shouldn't be sleepin Takin dirty emcees, away I'm sweepin Got a tower, of power, emcees I devour Every second of the hour, I send 'em to the shower I'm cool! Not a fool, from the new school! Drinkin brew by my pool, sittin on my gold stool Gotta rock, that I drop, like a horse, on the trot When it comes to makin money, it takes what I got I know you're sayin to yourself you can't get enough But I'll be back, to attack, Heavy D Your Mr. Big Stuff~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Living Large Song: Don't You Know Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Heavy D] Hey, what's happening baby? I got your letter inside the mail today Seems, that you had a lot of important things that you was tryin to say - mmm You was beatin around the bush But I was readin between them lines And I had a long talk with myself So I figured, it's time You see before I wasn't ready, for the things you wanted I couldn't give you what you deserved But now the tables is turnes for me sweetheart you see I'm makin records now y'know? Y'know gettin paid, heh heh, and all that So now I think, I think it's time to tell you that I love you, because I do Don't you know? [Heavy D] Hmm~! I can see it now The church'll be filled with all our friends, and family I'd have on my fly white tuxedo, lookin smooth You'd be in your beautiful white gown Your smile just lights up the whole place Our parents, they'll be sheddin tears of joy Little kids'll be runnin around the church, pointin, gigglin Everybody's happy for us cause it's our day That's right baby, your day, and my day I guess if I had to sum it up, in three simple words It'd have to be "I love you," cause I do Don't you know? [Heavy D] Don't you know if I could have anything in this world, it'd be you? Don't you know if there's any love involved, it would be true Don't you know, all my time would be spent, holdin your hand Yeah you could be my lady, heh, and I'd be your man - don't you know? Don't you know Now I'ma end this letter by sayin That I'll be home real soon And maybe you and I could work on this dream we have So you take care now and keep in touch I love you, yours truly Heavy D The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D. & The Boyz f/ Teddy Riley (uncredited) Album: Big Tyme Song: We Got Our Own Thang Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Teddy Riley] Yo man, you ready to drop this, man? (Yeah-eee) Well kick it for me one time... "Pass" (Drop it) [Intro/Chorus - Teddy Riley (Heavy D.) We got our own thaaaang ("Get up and do my thang") We got our own thaaaang (A diddley-diddley-diddley-diddely-diddely-Deee) We got our own thaaaang We got our own thaaaang (We've got our own thang) ("Drop it") We got our own thaaaang (A diddley-diddley-diddley-diddely-diddely-Deee) We got our own thaaaang (A diddley-diddley-diddley-diddely-diddely-Deee) We got our own thaaaang (A diddley-diddley-diddley-diddely-diddely-Deee) We got our own thaaaang [Heavy D.] ("HEY!") Every-body, shake your bo-dy We don't ill, we chill at a party Keep a groove that's sensual, three-dimensional Unquestionable, the lover is professional Got a category, my own and I'm the president Don't be alarmed but it's holding up the resident With my particular style, style particular Extracurricular, smoother and trickier Throwing on lyrics like you throw up a flapjack You're a Chicken McNugget, and I'm a Big Mac Brainstorm soloist, have a Coca-Cola and Doing very well 'cause it took the right road to this - path! Make the under-take, the recordbreaker Get up on the floor, do the "Heavy D shake-a" Started with a pow, and I'ma end it with a BANG (yo..) ..we got our own thang [Heavy D.] Picture the set, girlies wet with sweat In the corner people sittin down they've had as much as they could possibly get; Meanwhile I'm lampin, feeling like a champ and Push up on a cutie, phone digits I'm stampin [*echoes*] The place was packed though, stuffed like an Oreo Everybody broke for a Heavy D. video Pumpin in stereo, people said, "Here we go" A cutie down in front said, "Heavy, you're my hero" Understand this, before you make a comment Because there's always a meaning, in a Heavy D. statement In this life, I strive for improvement Be your own guide, follow your own movement [*echoes*] Love is a legend, me I'm legendary at it Flippin on the mike makes me a rappin acrobat Don't try to swing, because you didn't even HANG (yo...) ..we got our own thang [DJ scratches "Heavy D."] [Heavy D.] Original, individual, smooth criminal Dance a lot, dance a little, shuffle to the middle Don't clock anybody, let 'em all clock you Don't be down with anybody, let 'em all be down with you Stay self-managed, self-kept, self-taught Be your own man, don't be borrowed, don't be bought Started with a pow and I'ma end it with a BANG (yo...) ..we've got our own thang [Chorus 'til fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D. & The Boyz Album: Big Tyme Song: You Ain't Heard Nuttin Yet Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Beginning of James Brown's "It's A Man's World" plays then switches to Grover Washington Jr.'s "Mister Magic" mixed with samples of Lyn Collin's "Think About It"] [Heavy D.] Tic-tac, toe'n, three in a row and privilege Sit back, relax, listen to a pro and As I start goin, blowin, flowin, and showin MCs' - that I am the capital H-E-A-V-Y-D-sin This is my yard, better get my ?preason? No discontent cause I'm all about pleasin Ladies come to me because, they love squeezin If you don't see me, I'm probably skeezin! Eaaaaaaa-zy desert on the smooth tip As I get loose, kinda like I say rip this Format of my rap, listen to direction Six foot three, wit a manila, complexion Dance - shake, rock, roll Heav is in the house I got total, control I'ma inject, respect, collect a fat check Heav is in effect - but you ain't heard nuttin yet! [Heavy D.] How could I explain to ya - the Heavmania Tryna figure eight or make it simple and plain to ya Hmm, I'm the Heavster, a rap register that flows with cash so fast you can't measure the intent of content that I rep-re-sent The format of my rap from past to present tense Girls they adore me, they scream for me Fellas get jealous cause the ladies won't ignore me Ov-er-weight Lo-ver MC H-E-A-V-Y-D, rap champion Ask Nick and Damian Joe Black, Pete Rock, Billy Bob and they'll explain to ya Who is the greatest, the biggest, the baddest! (baddest!) They won't front, they know the Heavy D. status My favorite, old time group came Gladys Knight & The Pips and, love "Flip" Wilson The Great Houdini was my, favorite magician Sit back relax, cause Heav is on a mission I'ma inject, de-tect, dialect, disect, direct Heav is in effect - but you ain't heard nuttin yet! [Heavy D.] Aiyyo back up, don't even press up, it's time to set up the staaage, and I won't let up, 'til y'all get up or respect whet we inject, so come correct Heavy D.'s in ef-fect (fect) - but you ain't heard nuttin yet! Wreaka, no half-stepper, rhyme veteran ripper, Moet sipper, cause I'm better in this hand, even that and, a matter of fact you wanna know the place to be, the place to be is where Heavy's at I soar without a fall, cause I'm courageously standing I'm in demand, and on the stage I be better with Eddie F., he's right back at me The Boyz are to the left and the right, you know we gotta be cor-rect as we expect, you too accept our subject that we direct, to all turtleneck rappers who seem upset Heavy D.'s in ef-FECT (FECT) - but you ain't heard nuttin yet! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D. & The Boyz f/ Al. B Sure! Album: Big Tyme Song: Somebody for Me Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com Oh yeah.. Love somebo-dy... [Al B. Sure! harmonizes] [Chorus 2X: Al B. Sure!] Love somebo-dy who loves me for me Happy hap-py where I wanna be [Heavy D.] I'll search low, and I'll search high Tryin to find myself a cutie pie But destiny leads me to a dead end (love somebo-dy) Over and over and over again They told me to wait, so I waited Anticipated, debatin and delayed it But still came up with the same ol' thing ..Nothing! (Nothing, nothing...) It seems as if every time I find a right girl She turns out to be a big wrong girl Tell me y'all, when will this madness stop? (stop, stop, stop, stop...) I want somebody to love me for me Not because I'm MC, Heavy D. I'm looking for a love that's as solid as a rock (rock, rock, rock, rock...) [Chorus 2X w/ Heavy D. saying "for me"] [Heavy D. (Al B. Sure!)] Now maybe I'll take a trip around the world and find myself a beautiful, gorgeous girl They say when you look, one never find They also say that love is blind It ain't that blind that I can't see Somebody out there who's perfect for me Somebody who's gonna love me, for me... (I know you want love...) Love, THAT'S what I'm talkin about A relationship, a commitment Something to live for... (Maybe if you take, your time...) Time has been taken and time has been spent Now it's time for the lover to score... [Chorus 2X] [Instrumental for about 17 seconds] [Chorus 2X] Yo, Eddie F. break it down! [Instrumental for about 34 seconds as Heavy D. ad-libs] [Heavy D.] Yeah...aight, here we go So that's the storyline of my life No cutie PIE, no future wife Just relationships that bounce back like rubber... ["Yo, word to the mutha!"] I guess I'll call it a day and throw my towel in 'cause it seems that I can't win So I'll just carry on being an Overweight Lover ["Word...to...mutha!"] [Chorus until fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Big Tyme Song: Mood for Love Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*patois chatta for the first 0:25*} [Intro] A man once told me love, is the best t'ing that a man could have An' if it is true, I man wanna know, so [repeat 2X] Well lord have mercy mercy mercy Heavy D and I ah party party party I'm in the mood, for love {*3X*} I'm in the mood [Heavy D] Meself I tella me tell tell me now The truth, the truth about love Is it true what them say about love-ah? {*2X*} Dem say love is a splendid thing More precious than a diamond ring And if it's true I man must know And if it's true I man hafta know because [Chorus] - 2X [Heavy D] Take my hand and follow me And you and I will be a perfect company We'll sail the seas of love together Forever my dear If anything should-a ever go bad Times are hard and if you feel sad Just call my name and I will be there Because [Chorus] - 2X {*synthesizer sax solo and Heavy D ad libs*} [Heavy D] Yessir, I'm in the mood for love It's true, y'know? Lord have mercy Massive hold tight, all lovers squeeze together Ahhhhhh lawd have mercy They say if love was a t'ing that money could-a buy The rich would not live and me say poor would not die If you, spit in the sky it would, fall in your eye And you, never miss your water 'til your, well run dry Me say part time lover me no want no part time lover No part time lover me no want no part time lover {*3X*} Me want a, gyal who can, caress me Cook for me, take care of me Rub me belly make me feel irie And that's the type of girl, perfect for Heavy D Ah-ring-ding-ding, ah-ring-ding-ding, ah-ring-ding-ding-diggidy-ding-ding Ring-ding-ding, ring-ding-diggidy-ding-ding-ding lawd Ring-ding-ding, ah-ring-ding-ding, ah-ring-ding-ding-diggidy-ding-ding Ring-ding-ding-diggidy-ding-ding-ding lawd [Chorus] - 2X [Heavy D] Respek due to all the massive Love you all over the world {*patois shoutouts to Shinehead and yardies + ad libs to end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D. & The Boyz Album: Big Tyme Song: EZ Duz It, Do it EZ Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*36 seconds of music samples introduction*} [Heavy D] Smooth like raindrops, a clock goes tick tock Nothin else to do but relax So I cruise up the avenue, in my new convertible I see a cutie, my duty is to flirt a little Get out the car and shake a few hands Kick some 'sation.. then expand to the next territory, got some people waitin for me Get to the spot, drop the top, and then we his-tory Move down to the Apollo, 125th Street That's where the people of all creeds and colors meet Push up on a cutie, and let her squeeze me.. Easy does it, do it easy {*samples*} [Heavy D] Ca-ca-ca-catch it if you can cause if you don't, you might m-m-m-miss it The beat is dope, and no note, you can qu-qu-qu-quiz it The way that I flow, is like an international pro I'ma let you know, when I go I grow I flow and blow, to the right tempo My rhymes are in there, for me it's very simple I'm the extordinaire, others they can't compare to the six foot two half inch light skinned brother with curly hair An Overweight Lovin machine, the Boyz are my team My presence is felt, hearts melt like heated ice cream When I'm through, stand up and clap your hands But for now, ca-ca-ca-ca-catch it if you can It's as easy as 1-2-3, A-B-C And me, I'm the Overweight Lover Heavy D Push up on a cutie, and let her squeeze me.. Easy does it, do it easy {*samples*} Break it down.. Easy does it, do it easy Easy.. Easy does it.. bring it back.. (?) .. Do it easy, easy, easy.. [Heavy D] I'm laid back, on eight track, and in fact, I'm relaxed Grab the mic.. no setbacks Come on strong like a blizzard, the microphone wizard.. Rather exquisite Sound check, one two one two Many are called but the chosen are few And I've been selected, others resurrected My style, profile, are very well perfected Move swiftly, stay calm then cool Lyrics for your spirit that'll make you drool Push up on a cutie, and let her squeeze me.. Easy does it, do it easy {*samples and scratches to end, Heavy ad libs*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Big Tyme Song: A Better Land Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.] America is essentially a dream, a dream as yet unfulfilled It is a dream of a land where men of all races of all nationalities and of all creeds can live together as brothers. We hold these truths to be self-evident that all men, are created equal. [Heavy D] Here we go On the news, bad news is all the news you'll ever see (pity pity) The rich gettin richer while the poor still live in poverty (ain't it a shame) I don't understand why you can't lend a helping hand to another man, who is your brother man Times must change, now here's the plan Let's make this land a better land [Chorus] {*cuts and scratched lines*} "We've gotta make this land a better land" "I know, we can make" "In the world in which we live" [Heavy D] Oh uh-oh excuse me - yo man you stepped on my foot And for that, you feel a brother's life should be took? Don't be ridiculous, come on and get with this movement for improvement, together we'll get rid of this set back, and in fact, the knowledge, that we lack we'll gain back, and retrack, the steps that, we lost back when times were hard, but things are gettin better They said when it's cold, one should wear a sweater Crack - a substance, smoked by the idiots Sold by the thoughtless, allowed by the government Those who speak politically, it's all trickery I don't get with fools and fools they can't get with me Well well well looka here, guess what happened? A fight at a concert and they blamed it on rapping Don't you have anything else better to do than to diss rap and the things that we do? Make it a better land [The Boyz: repeat 2X] We've gotta make this land, a better land {"Take you on a Heavy D tour"} We've gotta make this world, a better world {"Take you on a Heavy D tour"} [Heavy D] Each night before I sleep, on my knees I pray {?} to God to see me through the very next day Although I often wonder why, our parents they cry The situation in society brings tears to their eyes Little kids chew your bubblegum, go on and have your fun Stay in school don't be a fool and you will overcome Ah~! A new President, to run the residence That's who you voted for, was it an accident? When you see me, don't diss me, just wish me good luck It's you that I'm here for without you I would be stuck So when I'm in town, don't put me down, give me a pound I'm not a ruler or a king, not tryin to wear a crown You're goin too fast, slow down, or soon you will find yourself appearin at your very own funeral You caught a bad hand Let's make this land a better land [Chorus] - ad libbed scratches to end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D. & The Boyz Album: Big Tyme Song: Gyrlz, They Love Me Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [About 20 seconds of faint conversation by a group of men  complaining about Heavy D. taking their girls is heard] (Cause he's The Overweight Lover Heavy D!) [Heavy D.] Coolin in my crib and I'm cold, maxin Call up a cutie, I'm in the mood for relaxin Get my phone book from, top o' the shelf I'll dial 66 - hm, I better keep it to myself Call up a cutie with a triple star next to it She says, "Hello," we con-versate a bit Invite her over for a candlelight dinner Believe me when I tell you that this girlie is a winner Shortly after that, I hear the doorbell ring Turn on the radio, Anita Baker starts to sing Open up the door and I kiss her on the cheek She's so nice, polite, petite, so sweet Sit her on the couch and uh, remove her coat Squat next to her, *ahem* clear my throat Whisper in her ear, told her what she wants to hear Let her know that, "Have no fear - Heavy D.'s here" And.. Gyrlz they, gyrlz they love me (Cause he's The Overweight Lover Heavy D!) Gyrlz they, gyrlz they love me (Cause he's The Overweight Lover Heavy D!) [Heavy D.] Take my hand, walk with me I'm the imperial, Overweight Lover MC Heavy D. Now that I've introduced myself correctly Do you have a moment to spend some time with me? Would you like a drink, maybe a Piña, Colada  A strawberry Daiquiri, a wine from Havana It really doesn't matter, the choice is yours and when you're through with your drink, we'll take a walk out-doors Gazed at the stars, walked down the boardwalk Sit by the beach and talk lover's talk Make a quick call on my cellular phone Some type of limousine to pick us up and take us home Ahh! - an enjoyable night The mood was smooth and everything was alright It may be hard for you, but it's easy for me Cause girls, the girls, the girls, THEY LOVE ME! [Chorus 2X] [DJ Eddie F. cuts and scratches] “Funky!” The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D. & The Boyz Album: Big Tyme Song: More Bounce Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Heavy D] One two, one two, one two I am the Overweight Lover MC, Heavy D This one goes out to my man DJ Eddie F Trouble T-Roy my partner G-Wiz This also goes out to my money earnin Mount Vernon crew J. Daddy, James Huff, Pete Rock, Nick Love Trak Boogie, and my man Chris Hughley (You've got a ... ) A power, because my temper's at the border Like I said before, I keep a party filled, like a bucket of water MC, H-E-A-V-Y D O-V-E-R-W-E-I-G-H-T Lover in the house, on the smooth tip And I'ma rip this, then I'ma hop hip Better yet hip-hop, cause you're a drip-drop Small as a pebble, while Heavy D's a bedrock I am the capital, H-E-V rappable King ambassador with more, who's quite a radical My style's like particular, extra-curricular Sit back relax, while Heavy D sticks to ya a new type of tune'n, risin, boomin When I need a cut I see Scott, for proper groomin I'ma go on and flow on and turn my microphone on then blow on to make sure, the sound is strong! So y'all get up, keep your head up, and then gear up Heav' is in the funk, the Boyz in the back will fold the rear up MC's in my path I'ma steadily pounce Heavy D's in effect.. with more bounce to the ounce [Chorus: Heavy D]  "More bounce, to the ounce" -> Zapp More bounce to the ounce!  "More bounce, to the ounce" -> Zapp [Heavy D] Check it now hip hip hooray'n, check what I am sayin You'll be happy like a faggot in jail, when Heav is playin No complainin necessary, cause on the contrary of bein wack I will react, and others I will bury I'm comin on STRONG while you stutter we're the (?) Description of my rhyme? Hmm, butter! Better yet milky, smooth and silky Don't applaud you fraud, you wasn't with me When I started rappin, you wasn't even tappin Now that I'm done, you pat me on the back and say what's happenin, I love the rhymes you announce Heavy D's in effect.. with more bounce to the ounce [Chorus: Heavy D]  "More bounce, to the ounce" -> Zapp More bounce to the ounce!  "More bounce, to the ounce" -> Zapp More bounce to the ounce!  "More bounce, to the ounce" -> Zapp More, bounce.. to the ounce!  "More bounce, to the ounce" -> Zapp [Heavy D] Check eight seven six five four three two one Money earnin Mount Vernon, is where I come from This rap is an article, started from a particle Hipped up, hyped up, hemmed up, to be historical An overweight rubbable, squeezably lovable Ladies come to me and say, "Heavy you're so huggable" Not only am I huggable, but I'm quite enjoyable When I answer the joint you see I'm rather unavoidable Plus that means attainable, all my niggaz that's got cable Rope chains, gold chains, the victory explainable MC's in my path I will steadily pounce Heavy D's in effect.. with more bounce to the ounce [Chorus: Heavy D]  "More bounce, to the ounce" -> Zapp More bounce to the ounce!  "More bounce, to the ounce" -> Zapp Much more bounce.. to the ounce! {*scratching*} Eddie F! Get ill on 'em one time! Aww yeah! Don't hold nothin back money! Oooh-OOOOH!!! [Heavy D] Height; six-three, style - swing beat Name; Heavy D, so just watch me Car; Chevy - four by four Blazer Favorite pasttime? Skeeze chaser! Size; ten and a half, sometimes eleven Place of rest after death? Heaven Favorite dessert; chocolate chipcake Favorite dance - mine, the Heavy D Shake Run, my territory, I will say never The Overweight Lover, is highly, too clever Extremely intellectual, not bisexual If this was a basketball game I'd win the sectional championship, then eat potato chip with a little onion dip, and then I'll take a trip to Maui, Maui is a little island a part of Hawaii I dip upon the plane push up on the stewardess say FLY ME You never hear another beat quite like this Done up real smooth with a lyrical twist MC's in my path I will steadily pounce Heavy D's in effect.. with more bounce to the ounce [Chorus: Heavy D]  "More bounce, to the ounce" -> Zapp More bounce to the ounce!  "More bounce, to the ounce" -> Zapp Oooh-OOOOH!!! Aiyyo! Eddie F! {"Yes!"} Get busy one time {*scratching while Heavster talks*} This is to show all y'all out there how we livin boy WE LIVIN LARGE! Aww yeah! To my crew in front of Big Lou's, y'all chill! We got Big JuJu, my man Joe Black main Slick Rick is on the block We gon' get ill for y'all one time Money earnin Mount Vernon is in EFFECT boy!! .. We live too large to live little! (??) {*laughter*} .. More bounce is like more money.. .. aww yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Big Tyme Song: Big Tyme Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Heavy D] Flowin like water you oughta, get your tape recorder So you can sorta sporta, the new order from the Overweight Lord of, Lovers Brothers get respect because I give respect to brothers and others on the agenda, try to remember I can rock a party from September to September Meaning all year round, I can throw down Sound for sound, round for round, pound for pound Now~! I'ma take charge, still "Living Large" I'm not soft, soft as the moth, soft is DeBarge I'm a giant, a major, apply it to the industry They are the Boyz, and I emcee Heavy D Now I'ma flip, cause the flip is a trip Later on I'ma rip, cause the rip is legit Now I'ma go up, show up, blow up, and make you hold up a sign sayin Heavy D is +Big Tyme+ [Heavy D] We capped the rap a handclap or tap The original boss, "Big Stuff" is back And for those of you, who are not quite sure plus the Boyz is three, plus me makes the four plus lyrical... imperial No need to discuss an A+ for my material I'm the over-dominant, over-prominent Over-delightful, Overweight Lover emcee The capital H-E-A-V-Y dash D The original that's why there's no apostrophe S Cause I have been blessed, to impress And may I suggest that you invest your body and time to mind digest You prefer me because I'm more than less And I've been blessed, like a bag of buddha sess You know what comes next - I'm +Big Tyme+ Strictly +Big Tyme+ I'm +Big Tyme+ Strictly +Big Tyme+ {*Eddie F scratching interlude*} [Heavy D] Hurry hurry step right up, take a listen I'm in position, cause Heav is on a mission I'ma do up, so bring your crew up, so I can show up the section, I'ma start flexin, listen to direction Time to wax you, who's next in order? Flowin like water, smooth like butter Design of a brother like the Overweight Lover From A to Z, there's only one Heav' D Nobody but me in my category I'm six foot two, a half an inch from three And all the young ladies just adore me Cause I am Heavy D, D and I'm +Big Tyme+ DJ Eddie F, is +Big Tyme+ {*Eddie F cuts and scratches*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Big Tyme Song: Flexin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] I'm flexin! That's right y'all The Overweight Lover MC Heavy D's in effect This record goes out to my whole crew in money-earnin Mount Vernon Cause we are definitely flexin, y'knahmsayin? We gon' kick it somethin like this Yo Eddie F, drop it [Heavy D] My system - done in oral concept {?} does the sound check Eddie F gettin paid as he slayed on the fade flex Cash a top priority, clothes in much variety I won't be schooled I'm rulin in society Lyrics for your backbone, used to play the saxophone My voice is deep, when I speak, makes me a baritone Girlies by the phone book, money like a swift crook A brother had beef I said peace and we hand shook Ladies, and gentlemen, the crowd I like to settle them Peace love and Heaviness is definitely the element Back up, I'm comin to invade your section Won't be any room, when I start flexin - flexin I'm flexin; I'm flexin - flexin I'm flexin [Heavy D] Gettin funky on a flip like a monkey on a beam like a junkie on a pole, me weak? I just peak and get stronger What I'm doin is freestylin, meanwhile I'm profilin Jettin settin gettin paid - keeps me smilin Girlies on the dance floor, Dwight is what the D stands for After ev-ery show you want an encore Peep what $20 bust, rollin on the tour bus Never leave without your raincoat, could be dangerous Money-earnin Mount Vernon's where I live and chill at At the rest I confess is where I build at Hands clap, feet tap, fingers snap, when I rap Not another brother that could rip this drum track Nikes on my toe tip, Coke not a sniff or a hit but a sip it's legit You got any questions? Aim 'em to my direction Gimme some room~! I'ma start flexin, I'm flexin I'm flexin - flexin; I'm flexin - break it down! Eddie F... the Overweight Lover Heavy D You gotta know what I mean [Heavy D] Flexin, what comes next and, keepin 'em in check and put me on last cause shop I'm wreckin Open up the stage door, clear off the stage floor Enter the spot, the mic is what I head for You want it, you got it, come get it, get wit it, it's yours Once again the Overweight Lover packs the dance floor area Mass hysteria Try to get near to ya, people I swear to ya the place was sweatbox, line went around the block Went outside, a brother had another in a headlock Somethin 'bout a chain snatched, almost got his butt waxed Cop rolled up, broke it up, wanted the facts Me I kept steppin, mindin my own neck and kept on walkin in the other direction Didn't really know what happened in that section I was gettin busy on the inside flexin I'm flexin - flexin, I'm flexin! Huh huh, here we go Flexin... on top of things boy!! DJ Eddie F is flexin G-Wiz is flexin, T-Roy is flexin East coast is flexin The West coast is flexin And the New York Knicks is definitely, flexin Flexin... ahh get funky Eddie F, Big Daddy Pete Rock CL Smooth, Chris {?}, Joe Flack, Kay Gee Flex, brothers The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D. & The Boyz Album: Big Tyme Song: Here We Go Again, Y'All Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Heavy D] Ooooh, la la la, la di da di Look at all the cuties swingin in the party Mmm, there goes one standin in the corner Yo D.O. hold up (aiyyo whattup?) My approach, must be done smoothly I tell the crew, aiyyo don't leave me I'll be back somebody gimme a pen (NOW WHAT?) I'm pushin up, so here we go again.. Here we go again.. here we go! Me and the cutie on a, cutie stroll or, me and my crew on the cutie patrol It really doesn't matter, as long as I get one and have some fun before the night is done so I jet upstairs, make sure they're ready Call Wiz, T-Roy, Nik Dane Chris and Eddie F so he can bring his DJ set And collect respect and jet connect the two Technics as I get the microphone sound check Now, throw my Nike's on with my Dapper Dan suit Drop the top on the Saab, and get ready to troop Pump up the volume on the Benzi, let the music flow Throw the car in drive, and I'm ready to go Pull up in front of the joint, all eyes on the Saab "Damn he's still livin large!" Aiyyo, it ain't hard.. .. cause here we go again.. Here we go again.. here we go! Here we go again..  Aiyyo, y'all remember this? Break it down.. {*DJ Eddie F scratches and plays breaks*} {*record suddenly stops and rewinds*} Last chapter, I gotta rap ta this with a twist and if I miss then I'll have ta throw a tune on, move on, groove on, soothe on Go to a jam, and prove I'm smooth on the microphone the throne I own I stand alone and carry a tone from here to home so from beginnin to end, now til then Heavy D's in the house, so here we go again {*samples and ad libs until the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D. & The Boyz Album: Big Tyme Song: Let it Flow Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "And I am MC Heavy D.." {*scratched 3X*} [Heavy D] The Heavster, measure the pleasure then treasure the note that I wrote, and you can quote, flow like I row like a boat Takin a stand, don't need a hand The man in command did Soul Train, next American BAND-stand An Overweight Lover discover, no other brother can smother If I ever fell I'd bounce back like rubber I'm rough and tough, all that stuff, call my bluff You can't enough of Mr. Big Stuff, let it flow "And I am MC Heavy D.." {*scratched*} Let it flow.. let it flow.. "And I am MC Heavy D.." {*scratched*} Let it flow.. You get your rhyme from a hag bag, you thief from Baghdad You're soft as a sandbag, throw your rhyme in a Glad bag The way that you act like, as if you had mic fright It seem that you're not bright, now I'ma do it right Get used to a back mark, Lover my trademark You're just like a hush puppy - no bite, all bark You move when I say so, I flow when the wind blows While I'm rippin and strippin you be peakin through a window Definitely for action, voted for Jesse Jackson Instead of laggin we coulda been passin Eddie F on the fade mix, the Boyz with the dance tricks Dre with the management, Heav' D with the lyrics Who said that I ain't dope, you're walkin a tightrope You're livin for high hopes, I wonder what you smoke Didn't come here to tip-toe, I came here to rip so grab your partner, dosey-dos.. and let it flow "And I am MC Heavy D.." {*scratched*} Let it flow.. let it flow.. "And I am MC Heavy D.." {*scratched*} Let it flow.. Eddie F, breakdown! {*scratching: "DJ Eddie F"*} Breakdown, break down like this! {*scratching: "DJ Eddie F"*} "And I am MC Heavy D.." {*scratched*} "And I am MC Heavy D.." {*scratched*} All rappers we remain the same, we try, we strain But still some complain about the fame that we obtain But I'ma refrain it's insane cause I'ma still gain You want what's good, but can you stand the rain? We think hard for what we want, then work harder to get it But you're too busy tryin to diss us, that's why you forget it Appreciate what you did, and I hope you keep doin it But stop riffin, because you just might ruin it For me, for you, for you and for me Two wrongs never make a right let's keep good company You're welcome any night to come on my stage because divided we fall, together we get PAID "And I am MC Heavy D.." {*scratched*} So, let it flow.. G-Wiz let it flow "And I am MC Heavy D.." {*scratched*} T-Roy it flow, Pete Rock let it flow D.O. let it flow, Nick T let it flow Eddie F let it flow.. {*scratches by Eddie F to end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Peaceful Journey Song: Now That We've Found Love Now that we found found love What are we gonna do with it. (x2) One two, tell me what you got Let me slip my quarters inside your slot to hit the jackpot Rev me up Rev me up  My little buttercup We can tug sheets snuggle up and get stuck Believe it or not Here comes the brother with glow A strugglin', Bubblin' overweight lover hurt prone So what's it gonna be Me or the TV Now let me take time to set your mind and your body free So why don't you just stretch Stretch for a sec. ??? Shake me, Shake me Baby Baby bake me No need to fake here I am Come on and take me Wind your body Baby move your body I see you slip sliding Come on now do it hottie I'm not quite sure as to what is going down But I'm feeling Hunky Dory  'bout this thing that I found (CHORUS X2) I dig the way you wiggle You don't jiggle  Once you jiggle So hand over your love Cause it's heavier Than it'll  Move like a Mover Sye wanted to groove  So I grooved her Then she wanted to learn So we'd be schoolin' So I schooled her (Mary had a little lamb) But not like this We can waltz and turn  Rumble tumble and twist Then you think you gonna give in Phantasies relivin' So lay down and relax Lover my lady Lady love of my baby girl Spread your wings So we can fly around the world ??? When you drop me kisses  You're so cute you drop the bomb on me Stretch it  Stretch it Flex it Flex it Gimme the permission Okey, Dokey I'll bless ya Blessin' like buddha Buddha as the bless You can lay down on the Lover Put your head on my chest (CHORUS X2) What can we do What are we gonna do Roses are red and Violets are blue Love is good and plenty If you get plenty good lovin' ??? Do me right Do me right My lonesome dove Tell me one more time What is this thing called love I'm not quite sure As to what is going down But I'm feelin' Hunkey Dory 'Bout this thing that I found The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Peaceful Journey Song: Let it Rain I don't wanna go outside I just wanna be with you I don't feel like takin' a ride You know what I wanna do Girl you makin' me sweat Come close Let's see how far we can get And I'll ease your pain So let it rain Let it rain Let it rain --------- Let it rain  Honey pop the umbrella The heavster goes down smooth as ? Fingers keep twiddlin' But I'll keep drizzlin' Play like a fiddle and  Here to move a million plus Cause when I'm damp i don't rust Girls make a fuzz For the lover they lust Nature takin' it's course  So precise Provin' Heavy D can strike more than twice Pronto Snuggle Better yet Cuddle Happy like a little kid  Playin' in a puddle Of H2O A drip drop ? So figure I'm somewhere Makin' a rainbow shine With an intend to broaden The quiet storm That lurks more often So lay with the lover  Snuggle up under the cover And I'll ease your pain So let it rain Let it rain (CHORUS)  Now we can go down stairs Strike a match to the log Let the fir Place burn Dim the lights till it's dawn Don't worry honey I'll take good care of ya I know what I'm doing  I get wrecked on a regular Red light Green light One Two Three Hey Yo Who's on the mic Well it's me Heavy D. And I become somewhat of a national figure You see some are big but the heavster is bigger And I like candy bars with nuts And ippy dippy girls With prodigious butts So lay with the lover Snuggle up under the cover And I'll ease your pain So let it rain Let it rain (CHORUS) Okey Dokey Lookin' for a trophy Giggolo, Romeo Wrong category More the dawn one type Smooth like preacher Your highschool teacher Just call me your daddy O Loungin' on the padio Actin' like a kid  But drive a jeep  not a caddy though Pardon me Miss In your high heel steps Come inside the crib set Befor you get wet Now just for prop Let's keep this official Heavy is the name D is the initial I love the way you strut in that suit from France There's a party tonight Would you like to dance You're rollin with the Lover So be sure you dress clever I pick you up at eight And my drops off whatever All of a sudden  I got the tingle fro a twinkie Fever, flavor for a pringle I think I like to mingle  With somebody thick Someone that I can cling to A milk chocolate beauty Someone that I can sing to You got the makings of a rainy day girl to me So come a little closer Let's see  how it would be (CHORUS) Lightning and Thunder Kinda makes you wonder Not too bad For a brotha who's the son Of a father who's a tech And a mother who's a nurse And I get paid  cause I learned to kick a verse I'm on a roll I got 'nough control Who needs a grammy  When you know you got soul I'm a smooth Yella Complexion Vanilla High Low Aphro  Intelligent fella You look worried Does something trouble ya We can take a ride in my Heavy D M W But let's wait till the rain stops So you can  Gimme what you want  And show me what you got But for now  Just snuggle me Snuggle me Quit the chit chat Double up and snuggle oven me You got the makings of a rainy day girl to me So come a little closer Let's see how it would be The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Peaceful Journey Song: Sister Sister Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] Brother, brother (Sister sister, the way I-) You're gonna need her (Sister sister, the way I-) Brother, brother (Sister sister, the way I-) You're gonna need her (Sister sister..) [Heavy D] This one goes out to.. (Sister sister) All the black women in our society who has gone through so much pain and struggle (The way I-) Gonna let you know that..(Sister sister) I'm thinking about you (The way I-) and from the bottom of my heart, I love you (Sister sister, the way I-) Sister sister, my Nubian princess This one's for you, 'cause I'm tired of the nonsense Not speaking of a sister from immeadiate family but to all the sisters with a black mentality I've grown up watchin you struggle While others work singles, you work doubles If it wasn't for you, we wouldn't be born Who would sew our clothes when they were torn? I remember trips you couldn't take So you can buy clothes for your kids to look straight A few ways to make a dim day bright Use it for a crutch 'fore you limp through right Never met a person with a pride so true Without a strong sis, then what can a black man do? Many are called but the chosen are few Sister sister, I feel good about you The way I feel about you (Sister sister, the way I-) The way I feel about you (Sister sister..) The way I feel about you (Sister sister, the way I-) The way I feel aboooooout yooooou [Heavy D] I could recall those sleepless nights Three in the morning, is my baby alright? Can't wait to greet 'em with your sensitive touch 'Cause you know he's on the street, that society left us (Sensitive touch) I remember when you bandaged my boo So your sonny was a winner and hopes that he wouldn't lose Look at your frame, your structure, pride won't puncture Can't get enough of the way you love your family You'd be damned if we, ever borrowed sugar for a hot cup of tea How many tears must you cry? (Dry up) How many prayers must be said for your kids to get by? How many time must you fix the break and mend the torn and befriend the lonesome? They say being black is crazy It's hard to be black, but it's hell to be a black lady [Interlude] Break it down~! Sister sister (Sister sister, the way I-) Sister sister (...the way I-) I love you  Sister sister (Sister sister, the way I-) Sister sister (Sister sister, the way I-) Get funky, Marley Oh yeah...do me a favor.. [Chorus 2] The way I feel about you (Sister sister, sister sister) The way I feel about you (Sister sister, sister sister) The way I feel about you (Sister sister, sister sister) The way I feel aboooooout yooooou (Sister sister, sister sister, the way I-) [Heavy D] To all the mothers who's lost and mourned To all the girls whose hearts been torn To all the sisters who cried for a brother I have a love for you I couldn't have for another I'm proud to see you in your executive chair I'm proud to know you giving us medical care Oh what weak men we would be without the strong black women in our society Scrub, you cook, you clean, you know you're goin to Not because you have to, but because you want to Not unless you carry, but to give You love, you cry, you laugh, you weep You hug, it's you that I envy 'Cause when it comes to givin love, you give it good and plenty Sister sister, respect is due and from the bottom of my heart {*kiss*}, I feel good about you [Outro: Heavy D] We all need to give more thought, to our sisters out there Our future sisters, but is soon turning to parents And give love that we've gotten And the babies out there, the little GIRL babies who grow up to be future sisters And all you brothers out there Take time to think that it's a sister you came from And the same sister that you dissin today... ...may be the same sister you need tomorrow Peace!  Brother, brother (Sister sister, the way I-)  You're gonna need her (Sister sister, the way I-)  {*fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D f/ Kool G. Rap, Grand Puba, CL Smooth   Big Daddy Kane, Pete Rock, Q-Tip Album: Peaceful Journey Song: Don't Curse Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Heavy D] This one definitely goes out on a censorship tip So everybody sit back, relax and have a champagne sip We gonna teach these people out there who are Against saying what we want to say the right way Y'know what I'm saying, so what we're gonna do Is kick back, swing a little funky beat by my man DJ Pete Rock, prducer extrodinaire, yo Pete Rock Make it clear I can flex, bend, lend a pen to a friend Keep a party pimping from now to then I don't have to swear, curse or juggle Lyrics in the verse to make a party bubble So mister Censorship, tell me, what's your problem There's girlies on the corner, and phifey can't solve 'em How did she say it, I'm curious G Does she say honey love me, or baby baby, fun me Anyway, we say what we wanna say Play how we wanna play, feels good that way So G Rap, huh, it's time to kick a verse Do your man a favor and don't curse [Kool G. Rap] You're telling me don't curse on a verse, they did it worse First I put a curse on every verse I kind of got outrageous Check it, even made a record on how I'm doing on the B-I-T-C-Hes Drop some verses for the bust Every word that you heard is cause I didn't give a f-, aw shucks Hey yo, I almost forgot The curse is a plot but it's getting kinda hot So I'ma let profanity retire, hey But if worse comes to worse, I'll cut you out like Richard Pryor So Grand Puba, kick a verse But do your man a favor and don't curse [Grand Puba] Don't curse bust it I won't curse, I'll take a famous curse word and just say kcuf Kcuf flipped around the other way means ha Boy when I do, I see, I can't get stuck Jump on the mic then I earn a quick buck Buck meaning loot, then I grab some boots And set wit my troops For those who can't follow and got stuck Kcuf flipped the other way means ahem, hem hem It's just a curse, I freaked a nurse in a hearse But I made sure I had my hat first CL Smooth, it's time to kick a verse God cypher the rhyme, you can't curse [CL Smooth] Go ahead ask me, when I kick a curse in a verse, I say nope Grab you by your hand, wash you're mouth out wit soap Thinking to be the last one wit the bad lingo Scooping on the skinz in the church from your bingo Sounds of the Mecca, dark fresh from the tailor Because they made a movie when he cuss like a sailor Better yet, dialect dirty like a subway Freaking for your loot, here to make it go the other way In a vocabulary scrimage But cursing in my village ain't good for my image So Big Daddy, you know it's time to kick a verse But do your man a favor, don't curse [Big Daddy Kane] Uhn, the smooth rap inventor that enter Parental discretion's not advised so there's no need to censor Kids wanna peep it, but you want to beep it, what I feel like slapping a sticker on ya (chill chill, see) but Too magical rhymes are too tragical For any source to stop Kane from getting capital If I thought sticking me was dissing me Man, don't you know that this would be worse than Stephen King's Misery So clean all profanity, stealing all the man to be Rocking any microphone you're handing me So Heavy D, i'm about to disperse So kick another verse and don't forget not to curse (Heavy D talks) [Pete Rock] God Bless but I can't mess around wit the curses So I'm a kick verses or a verse Soul brother #1 here to kick facts Smoke the microphone and produce crazy tracks Your my bad bro, let's start the flow I'm a kick rhymes till it's time for me to go I can't curse cause Heavy D said so Now I'm a get back to the subject Get wreck, if you think I'm bluffing, just check Wit the crew, Pete Rock and CL Smooth very down to earth And we didn't have to curse [Q-Tip] Yea, yea the Abstract poet Q-tip of a Tribe Called Quest Here to wreck, y'knowhatI'msayin Got my man Pete Rock and my man Heavy D in the house And we're definitley chilling on the lifted tip So bust the spit out, aha Flim flam flim, lick my big black stuff Plus I kick a curse to be rough enuff You can put the sticker where the sun don't shine So back off and let me get mine Visions in my head when it's dealing wit hits If I had 4 girls then I lick 8 its Wait, don't wanna hear no drama Cause the bum didaly Heav is a fav of my mama's So i blew out get mad lifted Don't have to say up the show that I'm gifted God bless me 'cause I reach my 21st Heavy D, don't drop a curse [Heavy D] Peace, peace, peace to the preacher I'm talking about a verse without a curse that's how I reach ya I can rock a party without a swear or a harsh verb Backwards, no curse words, Heavy D prefers So swing, swing to the Soul bequiem rhythm Before I say goodbye, let me tell ya how I hit 'em CL, Pete Rock, G Rap, Maxwell Big Daddy, Q-Tip and ah me as well Time to say peace, thank Pete for the beats This funky beat was made for the street Notice how clean that we kept every verse But if worst came to worst (We all say a curse) (Free Slick Rick...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz f/ K-Ci & Jojo (then of Jodeci) Album: Peaceful Journey Song: Peaceful Journey Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Heavy D - Intro] Here's to you... You have gone through struggles, suffering.. This one goes out to everybody in the world, but especially on the street level Because I know where you comin from and some of the things you do, I can understand So through all your travels, I'm wishing you a peaceful journey What is a friend for? Through rich and through poor Kinda like a marriage balanced on a differnet floor A friend could tell you things that he wouldn't tell another So in essence, a friend could be considered a brother You laugh and you play a lot, you talk and you say a lot But when it's time to feel the pain, you cry and you pray a lot I'm talkin about you, you who have the time A time to be my friend when no one else would be mine Problems were nothing because I had my man to share them with Hills were nothing neither, 'cause I had my man to climb 'em with I'm really proud to say that I truly really knew you good And oh, God's blessing from the entire neighborhood And as the days drift, drift into the future I laugh a little louder at the times that I was witcha This one's for you and I truly hope you hear me And through all your travels, I'm wishing you a peaceful journey [Chorus 2X: K-Ci & Jojo] (Heavy D) You'rrrrrrrre on my miiiiiiiiiiiind (You're on my mind) And I wish you a peaceful journey (Peace!) Brother I hope you hear me [Heavy D] In the corner, sits the little girl in tears The shadow of a man overwhelms her fears "Mommy, mommy, NO!", the words of a battered child The wicked, wicked mommy has the sticks swingin buckwild "Mister, mister, do you have a dime? See, I'm hungry and I'd rather be a begger than do crime"  Sure - here's your dime, go make a big ten bucks Now sneak around the corner, get your joints and go beat him up A kid on the streets, doesn't want to be beat So he hangs on the block 'til his pop fall asleep Missing kids on the milk carton A lunatic kills kids for kicks and gets pardoned Baby girls run away from home, huh and two months later, they're stars on child porn Tracks on the arms of a minor Suzie ran too, but she'll be dead when they find her Kids on the street movin drugs, the thugs' growin up fast Wouldn't stop when one gets plunged Junior stole a Benz with his friends But got caught, now he's doin time with twenties and tens For the rest of his life, he learns to lean on the wall And prays for the day when his number is called This one if for you and I truly hope you heard me Through all your travels, I'm wishing you a peaceful journey [Chorus 2X] [Instrumental for about 19 seconds] [Heavy D] Pardon me, mister warden, I'm askin for a pass to come for some of my brothers who made mistakes in the pass It's really not their fault, you see - times are HARD and it was probably difficult for my man to find a job Before he was forced, forced to make a living by lying, stealing, and eventually killing No one was born bad, we're all God's Kids So who's to really blame for the wrong that he did? And speakin about the law, what are they for? To beat us with a stick face down on the floor? You preach and you preach that you want crime to stop If you want crime to stop, stop hiring crooked cops So hear me brother man, hear my plea! If you want success all you gotta do is suc-ceed Love, life, pain, death What else is left on the travels of life's steps? In life, we lose, get bumped and bruised The road you choose not necessarily a cruise You giggle for joy, shed a tear for pain There's a lot to lose, and a lot to gain Though when you walk on the streets, try to walk on street smarts When you see your man down, try to have a little heart This one if for you and I truly hope you heard me Through all your travels, I'm wishing you a peaceful journey [Chorus 4X w/ ad-libs and variations] [Heavy D] Yeah, you're on my mind... Peace... Hear me now brother [K-Ci] Stop your killing, stop your killing Stop your stealing, stop your stealing Stop your killing, stop your killing Stop your killiiiii-ehhhhh-eeeeaaasah... Huurrrrrrrr.....WHOO! Take my hand, take my hand If you need somebody, you can trust on ME! Ha, you can lean on me Yes, you can errrr-aaaaahh-yaaahyaah... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Peaceful Journey Song: The Lover's Got What U Need Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] Come and get it, girl... C'mon (Yeah-eee, yeah-ee...) Come and get it, girl... C'mon-c'mon Come and get it, girl... C'mon Come and get it, girl... c'mon [Chorus: woman singer] Sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet Sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet [Heavy D] I'm talkin about swingy, swinga, swing with the swinger Forget about what you heard, here coems the humdinger And I'ma ride the beat like a jockey rides a horse I'm the boss, hold your horse, Heavy D is on course Pardon me, excuse me, watch it I'm a biggie Here comes the Hevster, a good friend of Ziggy, Marley and Eddie Murphy's brother name Charlie If the beat is very funky, then it's made by Marley When I was in school, sometimes I didn't study Producer Pete Rock has a brother named Ruddy Ruddy is my cousin, the oldest in his fam and really really appeciates a good Jamacian jam Me for myself, myself and for me I like a fresh lemon mixed with honey and tea Or a chocolate chip cookie, later on a lil' nookie In the morning, I wake up, I'm in the bed up with my bookie Wash my face with Ivory, girls don't connive me When I grow up, I want a kid big just like me No need to BOW on ya hands and knees Just come a lil' closer, 'cause the lover's got what you need [Chorus: woman singer] (Heavy D) Sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet (The lover's got what you need) Sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet [Heavy D] Mister mister, pass me the muffin The kind with the crisp that's brown like stuffing Then while you're at it, pass the lemonade But cut the charades, I can do without the shade Aiyyo, make me happy, try to be snappy I like to say "waddup" to my mammy and my pappy My big sister Porsh', my brothers of course My man EJ, he's a don from The Source Then D.O.C., UFO, well the Daddy-O Little Big Mayne on the block, playin the game of c-lo Can't forget CL, ?Tom of KBS? Cousins Grace and Shelly, boy those girls can dress Little cousin Grap, then the U-M-E is Uni Then up to Philly, what's up to cousin ?Tooey? No need to BOW on ya hands and knees Just come a lil' closer, 'cause the lover's got what you need Sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet (...well alright) Sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet (...well alright) Sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet (...well alright) Sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet (...Bring it in) {DJ Eddie F cuts and scratches} [Chorus (This time along with a group of singers singing "I got what you need")] [Heavy D] +Mary Had a Little Lamb+, but Heavy had Mary Some say it's a lie, but on the contrary Sure as I'm standing here, those boots got smoked (Yo, what happened to the little lamb~?!) -- Sheep skin coat I ain't no joke, so you better see the joker Won a thousand dollars last night playin poker Look there's a cutie, I better rope-a-dope her Treat her like a buddah, roll her up and then smoke her Extra Extra! Read all ABOUT me Turn to channel one, Heavy D's on TV Look at him GO! Look at him GO! Look at him Time to get the franks out the fridge and start cookin 'em I'm so SMOOTH, when I walk I strut When I run I glide, when I dip I tuck No need to BOW on ya hands and knees Just come a lil' closer, 'cause the lover's got what you need The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D (and the Boyz) Album: Peaceful Journey Song: Is it Good to You? Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au [Heavy D - intro] Alright This one goes out to all the lovers in the house, knowI'msayin? I'm gonna express my feelings right about now on the way I like to do things T-R, bring it in 	[Chorus -sung] 	Is it good to you - I like it 	Is it good to you - Ooh I like it 	Is it good to you - I like it 	Is it good to you - Ooohooh boy [Heavy D] How would you feel if I worked you down? Made your head spin like a merry-go-round Take control like Charles In Charge I really can't wait, let's stay in the garage Oops, let me run as I get the whipped cream Can't have ice cream without whipped cream Plus an ice cube, to make you swing My main man did it, eh do the right thing C'mon let me tickle you in all the right places Keep my eyes open while I watch ya make faces Feelin quite dandy, comfortable and cozy Let me draw the curtains cos my neighbours are nosey So make a little room, here comes big daddy Big like a truck, satisfyin like a Caddy Many will call but the chosen are few and all I wanna know, is it good to you? 	[Chorus - sung, (Heavy D)] 	Is it good to you - I like it 	Is it good to you - Ooh I like it (Is it good to you) 	Is it good to you - I like it 	Is it good to you - Ooohooh boy [Heavy D] Make a move, make a move, my lollipop cutie Lay down on the cover, let the Lover do his duty It looks like rain, but rain doesn't matter We can take time, hold hands and chit-chatter And what about love? Love's a possibility but let's make sure we share the same mentality Close the door, dim the lights Everything is okey-dokey, cos we set it alright And how bout oil? Warm from the heat I can slick ya body down from your head to your feet Make ya smile from a simple kiss Close your eyes and I'll grant your first wish Open your arms and wrap me tight like a teddy bear then take your fingers and run it thru my hair Many will call but the chosen are few but all I wanna know, is it good to you? 	[Chorus - sung, (Heavy D)] 	Is it good to you - I like it 	Is it good to you - Ooh I like it (Is it good to you) 	Is it good to you - I like it 	Is it good to you - Ooohooh boy yeah (Yeeaah, lay back a little) [Heavy D - bridge] You know when we kiss I really wanna make ya feel right now I mean, is it good to you? Cos believe me when I tell you, it feels good to me [Heavy D] Check it Roll over my lover, the sun is beaming The hot water's runnin and the bathroom's steaming Champagne bottle in the corner half done Room's still bright from the morning sun Yeah, we're snuggled up now it's time to buckle up So call me later cutie, and I'll pick you up Many'll call but the chosen are few and all I wanna know, is it good to you? 	[Chorus - sung, (Heavy D)] 	Is it good to you - I like it 	Is it good to you - Ooh I like it yeah (Is it good to you) 	Is it good to you - I like it 	Is it good to you - Ooohooh I like it yeah (Is it good to you) 	Is it good to you - I like it (I wanna know) 	Is it good to you - Ooh I like it yeah (Is it good to you) 	Is it good to you - I like it yeah (I'd like to know) 	Is it good to you - You got me singin oooohhhh..... [Heavy D - interlude] C'mon sing it baby C'mon lemme hear it honey C'mon sing it baby C'mon lemme hear it honey C'mon sing it baby C'mon lemme hear it honey C'mon sing it baby C'mon lemme hear it honey 	Is it good to you - I like it (Is it good to you) 	Is it good to you - Ooh I like it yeah (Is it good to you) 	Is it good to you - Yeah yeha yeaheh yeah (Is it good to you) 	Is it good to you - I like it yeah (Is it good to you) 	Is it good to you - Oooh I like it yeah (Tell me bout it baby) 	Is it good to you - Oooh I like it yeah (Is it good to you) 	Is it good to you - I like it yeah (How do you feel?) 	Is it good to you -  	(Tell me baby, tell me baby bout it, is it good to you?) Is it good to you I LIKE IT BABY The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Peaceful Journey Song: Letter to the Future Intro (spoken): People,  The world today is in a very difficult situation, And we all know it, Because we're the ones who created it. Chorus: What's wrong with our future? (4x) Verse One: Bust this How long will this last? A friend to the end, a memory in the past You think you're big, cause you walk with a shotgun I got new for you, your days are numbered, son Why don't you get yourself a job? When your kid grows up, do you want him to rob? Look at your mother, teardrops She just received a phone-call from the cops "Your son will do life, 'cause he wigged a man's wife Shot her with a gun and stabbed her with a knife.", or Take a look at your mother's heart torn She just received a phone-call from the morgue "Your son is dead from three shots to the head. The killer left a note and this is what the note said: "Never be bigger than you are.  Never try to pose like you're a superstar  Next time you rob somebody, and you give him the death-wish.  When you pull the trigger, nigga, don't miss." Is this how you wanna be Dead on the street or locked in a penetentiary? It's cool to be free And it's alright for you to be you and for me to be me Look at you, 15 years old Coolin on the corner with a can of Old Gold Whatever happened to school? Yeah, sure you go to school, but you go to be cool To sport sneakers that you took from somebody To talk about the kid that you bucked at some party Life is a gamble, and you're losin Before it's too late, brother, you better start choosin Left from right, right from wrong Or you'll be singin that old blues song (Yo, you gotta buck em, or else you're soft) Some I knew thought the same, now they're way up North You ain't soft, cause you didn't buck a shot Put the pistol down, throw up your hands, see what ya got Old Johnny Walker from around the block Was livin' rather large 'till he got knocked He had "Livin' Large" on his Jeep plates "Livin' Large" on his real estate He even bought a diamond "Livin' Large" name plate He used to look at cops and smile in their face Drive a BMW and pump the bass One day, he made a move for a friend The f-r-iend, the voice said, "Yo, I need ten.", Johnny said, "When?" Later on that day, Johnny went to play the game he normally plays To do a favour for a chum You see, a friend is a friend, but then, some are none Cause when he got to the spot they were supposed to meet All he found was a police-infested street I guess havin a friend is rough Cause now Johnny's up north, doin push-ups, gettin buffed You see this chain I've got, I've got it, honestly You see the clothes I wear, I've got it, honestly You see the Jeep I drive, I've got it, honestly I work hard, it ain't easy being me Never had an excuse for life Just did what I did, now what I do, I do it right "Jumbo, Jumbo", they cry on the block. 5.0, 5.0, lay low, here comes the cops Man, your lifestyle is petro On your knees again, because Jumbo said so "Free Mandela", you cried But you still sell dope to brothers and sisters outside Martin Luther King had a dream (ooh yeah) That's exactly what turned his dream into a nightmare Malcolm X said, "By any means necessary." He didn't mean just for you, brother, he meant for everybody Maybe if we were still slaves, we'll be closer; however Pickin cotton was bad, but we picked it together I pray for you, and you pray for me Sincerely yours, the overweight lover, Heavy D Repeat chorus to end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz f/ Nevelle Hodge Album: Peaceful Journey Song: Somebody For Me (Jazz Lover Mix) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Heavy D] Awww yeah, somebody for me baby Love somebody, uhh, Funky! Alright, let's keep in nice love [Chorus: DJ Eddie F & Nevelle] I wish somebody loves me for me Happy happy where I wanna be I wish somebody loves me for me Happy happy where I wanna be [Verse One: Heavy D] Bust it!!  I'll search low and I'll search high Trying to find myself a cutie pie My destination leads me to a dead end Over and over and over again They told me to wait, so I waited Anticipated, debating and delayed it But still came up with the same old thing Nothing; it seems as if every time I find the right girl She turns out to be the very wrong girl Tell me y'all, when will this madness stop? I want somebody to love me for me Not because I'm MC Heavy D I'm looking for a love that's as solid as a rock [Verse Two: Heavy D] Now maybe I'll take a trip around the world And find myself a beautiful gorgeous girl They say when you look, one never finds They also say that love is blind It ain't that blind that I can't see Somebody out there who's perfect for me Somebody who's gonna love me, for me (I know you want love) Love, that's what I'm talking about A relationship, a commitment Something to live for (Maybe if you take your time) Time has been taken and time has been spent Now it's time for the lover to score [Interlude #1: Heavy D] Yo, Eddie F. break it down Uhh.. Uhh.. yeah, here we go, alright Let's keep it smooth, Nevelle get funky on them Umm, alright y'all, yeah, alright, here we go! [Verse Three: Heavy D] So that's the storyline of my life No cutie pie, no future wife Just relationships that bounce back like rubber  (Yo, word to the mother!) I guess I'll call it a day and throw my towel in Cause it seems that I can't win So I'll just carry on being an Overweight Lover (Somebody for me) [Interlude #2: Nevelle Hodge] I wish somebody who loves me for me I wish somebody who loves me for me I wish somebody who loves me for me [Outro: Heavy D]  Yeah, maybe I should just take my time Yo Eddie F, would you stay with me If we packed our bags, and take a trip around the world; And go find this cutie, you with it? Alright, with it, let's go and do this! For me, here we go, the way that I want to be For me, for me, for me, for me! Alright! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Blue Funk Song: Who's the Man? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Oh yes this is special This is direct from what we call The Funk House This is a total dope phat one, knowhatI'msayin? And this is how it's done, UHH! Verse One: I did good in my hood as a youngster The Heavster was never a punkster, no sir No ma'am, hot damn, me and Michael Jackson jammed I dug Soul Train, not American Bandstand The bigger nigga is back and I'm on the right track As a matter of fact, I'm ALLL THAT So ring around the Rosie, oopsy-daisy Topsy turvy, you never heard of me you don't deserve me Fly like Kinievel, drive like a BMW You never knew I could bring trouble to a cordless you can't afford this don't get aboard this flavor Unless you got the fever flavor for a Pringle Come be a single, let me see you mingle jingle dangle Sammy Davis Jr. was Mr. Bojangles (Here is something you can't understand) Tell me y'all, who's the man? Chorus: repeat 4X Who's the man? (The Heavster) 	("Time keeps on slipping...") Verse Two: Yes, too many brothers be fakin moves, or frontin grooves Peace to all the brothers on the block, drinkin and passin brew Money tried to flip but he got flopped Said it was his corner let him know his corner's on my block I know your fantasy, don't Stay, I ain't Jodeci When I used to juggle y'all was crumbs who didn't notice me But now you see me in a magazine, on your TV screen On the radio liver stereo lookin clean All of a sudden I'm attractive, I'm handsome, I'm gorgeous But back in the day you used to say you can't afford this I wreck shops and got props from New York to Cali I'm Big Willie, you silly Sally from the valley Ain't nuttin changed... wait a minute, I'm a liar The crib is definitely doper and the girls a lot flyer (Here is something you can't understand) So tell me y'all, who's the man? Chorus Who's the man? (3X) Phenomenon one, phenomenon two Who's the man? Like I said, this here, is official Verse Three: Back in the day I used to punch clocks now I'm drippin props And countin loot, and shootin hoops, and lookin cute in tailored suits, made for the Over-weight Lover undercover, over cover You know my MO I do damn well on the stage show I'm gettin paid by the pound and I got mad flow Flip flop who's the bigger one, quick to figure one two, three two one, ahhh! Keep a pen and a pad on stash I used to crab the last, now I flow for dough, and I rhyme for cash I'm glad to say goodnight to Johnny Carson And brother where you rub it 'fore you catch the Magic in your Johnson Honeydips, money grips I know the difference cause I learned tricks in the ghetto mix (Here is something you can't understand) So tell me y'all, who's the man? Chorus Everything here, is phat, knowhatI'msayin? Don't take it the wrong way, but I'm lettin you know For the last time, this here is official This is fat Chorus *repeat to fade* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Blue Funk Song: Talk Is Cheap Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Dis man, don't trouble no one But if you trouble dis man, he will bring a bam bam What a bam bam, kay-a, diss and what a bam bam Bam bam belong bam bam, bam bam belong bam bam [Heavy D] Big up the boom, big up the bang, some suckers can't hang with all that ying yang, yang yang yang yang It seems you talk mighty tough on your jams when you rap Go in the hood, and you'll probably get SLAPPED I know your type, you're a weasel, a weeble, a wobble A weeble wobble, push you over, watch you topple I never grew in the ghetto, but I slung in the ghetto And I seen plenty of bums get done in the ghetto So money knock it off with the tough guy imagery You think I ain't tough, cause I don't talk tough? Then scrimmage me - I think you got me wrongly pegged I don't smoke blunts, I smoke stunts, so shake a leg and make room for the big belly captain Slappin up saps and respect when I'm rappin Just because you see me in a suit, lookin cute on an R&B jam makin loots with my troops you wanna test ME~? The bum diddly diddly diddly diddly D, uh! I think you got it all wrong, we're too strong My crew last long, we drop bombs 'til the early morn So knock it off, with the yikkity yak, the yakkity yak and jump off the dilzznick [Chorus: repeat 2X] (Talk is cheap!) Watch your mouth when you speak (Talk is cheap!) What, you dirty little creep? (Talk is cheap!) Watch your mouth when you speak (Talk is cheap!) Eh-heh, eh-heh, eh-heh [Heavy D] My name ain't Getty, it's Heavy, so don't gas me You punks too slow, so you know you can't pass me I wreck shop, I get props when I rock B Some mad cop but they still stop and jock me Yo I'm the Over-what? Punk, come and trouble what? Punk, tell my momma what? Punk, eh-heh, eh-heh! I get up and gallop and go, like a stall-ion So nobody diss de cham-pion, WAHH!! I know honeydips, with Coach bag money clips And if money flips, I'll take his girl on a sunny trip So okey dokey I like Smokey but I'll rob his son for fun, if I had a gun, a gun But I'm not a pistol packer, I'm a punani whacker Ask Tammy, I'm a fanny smacker Never fit the flunky, never juiced a junkie Used to drink liquor but I hated Brass Monkey Came on the scene when I was only a teen Peace to T-Roy, a major part of the team Everything is Mop & Glo, sugar and sweet So respect the beat (WHY?!) cause talk is cheap [Interlude] Bam bam belong bam bam {*3X*} Diss and what a bam bam [Heavy D] I got the wig, can you dig? I'm a tough nig Sweeter than a fig big, peace to brothers doin bids So you wanna play a game of catch up? You better back up You can't mess up when you sleep they'll come and test ya tough (Conjunction junction, what's your function?) Hookin up mics and makin 'em work right... Peace to all the new jacks who keep raps in formats And all macks, and in fact, never forget the old cats To them I show 'nuff various 'spect Notice the dialect, when I foot step, I catch wreck You're a shinin star, no matter who you are Made a fancy record, now I drive a fancy car When I was in school I thought it was cool, I had a cigarette Then I found that cigarettes was only good for smelly breath You're blind, so never you worry about me I'm the H-to-the-E, A-to-the-V, Y-to-the-D The mack daddy, one hundred percent beef patty Drive around with Peppermint Patty in a pink caddy Everything is Mop & Glo, sugar and sweet So respect the beat (WHY?!) cause talk is cheap~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Blue Funk Song: Who's in the House Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: repeat 2X] Who's in the house? (The Overweight Lover's in the house) {*3X*} Who's in the house? (The Overweight Lover Heavy D) [Heavy D] Rip tip tip top, ting-a-ling-a-ling-lop When I'm at home, my phone ring-a-ling-a-lings a lot There's only one way to knock a boot, and I'm a boot knocker Not Orville Redenbacher, but I'm a punani popper Slick like oil, (w)rap like aluminum foil When I'm hot, I'm hot, so watch me boil Easy on the tiptoe, slow flow, peace to D.O.C. yo Rachel here I go go Here comes the Heavster (yeah yeah yeah) Tell me if you like it (yeah yeah yeah) I can rock a party and bounce a party Rock a party, bounce a party, rock a party bounce a party Captain {?} back on a fat track Mack here to pack and I'm a light-skinned, black You know what I'm about, I'm out, so find a new route Cause I got the answer to the question - who's in the house? [Heavy D] I never run, I never ran, cause I'm not the running man I can do more than one, so call me Toucan/two-can Sam I'm smooth, so call me Mr. Parkay I parlay, around the way, ev-ery day, HEY! Some flip scripts, but I flip books for good looks, a crazy hook, and that's all it took UH~! I'm the Boogie Woogie Man, the boogie bugle boy Ain't nothin fuddy duddy, nutty like an Almond Joy Lightskinned, like, my high tops flat Mack on the map, knock knock who is that? It's the one you love, the one you feel the need for Slow down, clown, the one to watch your speed for Ready or not, not ready enough, to be You're pretty not steady not ready enough for Heavy D You know what I'm about, I'm out, so find a new route Cause I got the answer to the question - who's in the house? [Interlude: Heavy D] - over dub version of Chorus On the breakdown {*4X*} Break it down, break it down Check it [Heavy D] Come and get a little bit, a tidbit, a tasket A tisket, before your ask it, don't even risk it Frisk it, before you're feelin it, know who you're dealin with To get to the point, cover your joint, make sure you're concealin it I love a pretty tongue natural suntan sandal Hair dangle, easy to handle Kind of girl who's single, ready to mingle Flavorful like a Pringle, never used to jingle Here comes the Heavster (yeah yeah yeah) Tell me if you like it (yeah yeah yeah) I can rock a party and bounce a party Rock a party, bounce a party, rock a party bounce a party Don't need a hippy dippie hide a hickie stripper mickie tricky flippy sticky icky out for a quickie, quickie You know what I'm about, I'm out, so find a new route Cause I got the answer to the question - who's in the house? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Blue Funk Song: Love Sexy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Love sexy (sexy sexy, sexy sexy) {love sexy} So sexy, c'mon... yo [Heavy D] Now I can take my time, but I'm speedy if it's needy She says she want it all, so I gave to the greedy Love is satisfyin, if it's tasty then I'm tryin Never bought 'em, never buy 'em, on occasion I'm in Zion Enough of what you heard, Heavy D's got the wig out In between the leggy of a Peggy I might pig out Nope I ain't no joke, I got a stroke to make you bug out Girls get very happy when I tap the nappy dugout Easy easy on the "EZ Duz It," who is it or who was it Rough on the cuts you're lovin it, rubbin it while you're humpin it Wicked in bed, wicked in bed, that's what I said When I came the others fled, now mi haffa kill it - dead Mack in the sack and I'm a freak in between the sheets Never lacked in the back, stay harder than concrete Far from Chubby Checker, not a half-stepper, double decker Wreckin never sweat her but I'm better, the Mecca lover [Chorus] "hey hey hey, hey hey hey" in background Love sexy {*4X*} [Heavy D] Check it out~! Aiyyo my techniques kick like a kung-fu flick On the one-two tip I catch wreck when I rip The Overweight Lover, slick like butter Never did stutter, swing it in the gutter Sometimes I wear my hat to the back when I rap I never felt ashamed cause I'm proud to be black You see me on a poster, pop it like a toaster I know about the devil, but me and God is closer Hip to the hopper, proper like my poppa This girl said she's cumin, I tried but I couldn't stop her I'm on the quickie not the hickie tip, slick to flip a floppy script Before you got the property, know who you're dealin with Known to do a Suzy with a doozy of a stroke I never pulled my uzi on a floozy, leave her smoked I spark it like a mack, like a hook I always catch You know where I'ma be at, hear the rap, check the steps [Heavy D] Yo, I like it with a twist in the midst of danger I wreck a 'roni, and not a phony or a stranger Not a punani pretender, quick to bend your fender Pure beef, well done, so love me tender Or you can do it on the flipside, funny dip side Outside, inside, "Tales From the Darkside" Eeney meenie miney moe, let me know Here I am, what's the plan? Hot damn, "Who's the Man?" Yes I am, rip it cause I practice, I mean I'm always at this Girls front when they want me to smack this Super dip diver, clever like MacGyver Not a 9 to 5er, street life survivor A honey suckle wonder, kick lyrics like a punter First I'll have to back her, and then I'll have to front her Never 'fess, when it came to sex, flexed When it came to sex, wrecked, when it came to sex [Heavy D] Me nom a nom a nom me numba one {*"hey hey hey" continues to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Blue Funk Song: Silky Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Gunshot up and a what's it not Ah who dat? Ah me, big and heavy Rough and rugged Uhh! Yo, it's on that old funk flow smooooth tip Y'knahmsayin? This goes out to all the rough and rugged ones Hey! Gonna do somethin like this on the flavor tip aight? Big G-Wiz in the house HUH? Check it - aiyyo, aiyyo [Heavy D] What puts out fire? Fire? Water? Word to my brother's daughter, this one's gonna be a slaughter Plenty of it, styles plenty of it And if you don't believe it you can shove it cause I love it Sometimes I do a freebie, I can rock a CB Girls wanna see me, they come +Wonder+ like +Stevie+ Heebie, jeebies, juggle, jam it Ladies say I'm cute and plus I get loot like a bandit Wig it, big wiggy, Bobby Marley liked Ziggy Freak it like Mrs. Piggy diggy Kinda on the big tip, roughneck big tip End up with the time to bust a rhyme on a ski trip [Chorus: repeat 4X] Silky! ("Uh!! Ahh silky silky now") [Heavy D] Aiyyo damage, damage, boy I do damage Most emcees in the game they couldn't manage Never liked my spinach but I'm stronger than Popeye I I I I I, I and I is very fly Call me a miracle, love to eat cereal Grand Wizard lick it like a lizard, I'm imperial With girls I get action, met a few Jacksons Had this honeydip doin flips such as backspins I keep it funky like a ghetto drinkin junkie You know me, I'm low key, I rip the show lovely Hip to the dip to the hop I never flop I never flop, give me props, when I rock I blow the spot "Uh!! Ahh silky silky now" {*4X*} [Heavy D] Aiyyo, who's the rugged one? Comin from the roughneck 'Nuff respect, catch enough wreck, when I mic check I've been on world tours, I've been on girls' floors You ain't rockin, so what'cha got the mic for? Hon take it easy, bros can't see me Cause on the microphone I get freaky, freaky Trust me, I'm diesel, I'm knockin mad boots You see me on your TV set, clockin mad loot I used to jumps from crumbs, as a kid And I never did a bid, cause feds couldn't fig' Hip to the dip to the hop I never flop I never flop, give me props, when I rock I blow the spot [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Blue Funk Song: Here Comes the Heavster Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: (interview with some lady) 	"Here comes the Heavster, and I know it makes you sick" 	-- Pete Rock and CL Smooth's "Mecca and the Soul Brother" LP Uhh, yeah, here we go, what funk funk flow, funk funk flow, here we go Uhh, yeah, here we go, what funk funk flow, funk funk flow, here we go This one goes out to all those... heads KnowhatI'msayin? Bronx, Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan Money-earnin Mount Vernon, can't forget the uptown Here we go Verse One: Aiyyo turn me loose I don't produce with no buttercup Premier got the butter cuts, here comes that ol rugged stuff No room for no pitty-pat, petty kitty-kat rap I jig em renege em or give em a dug em diggum smack I seen you hangin on ghetto blocks, tryin to get ghetto props You need to stop, you're just a ghetto flop Here comes niggy-nack piggyback, knapsack sacky Saki, classic like a Kawasaki, rough like Rocky Sisters call me dadi Puerto Ricans call me papi You can't stop me Uhh, cause in these times of tough times I'm coming with rough rhymes Rugged beats I'm passin time on satin sheets And where I came from, some come from Tryin to diss the champion, numba one, Don Gargon Talkin behind my back like they alla that, they ain't halfa that Matter of fact, I'm the one who put the town on the map Tick tock tick, things are getting thick 	"Here comes the Heavster, and I know it makes you sick" Yeah...funk funk flow, funk funk flow, here we go Uhhh...yeah, well alright c'mon Funk funk flow, funk funk flow, here we go Yeah...yes, well alright c'mon Funk funk flow, funk funk flow, here we go Verse Two: Here comes the bigger bro, I'm on the slow nigga flow I like to do bigger show, so I can get bigger dough I hung out in crazy states, sit down and ate crazy steaks In the morning time I wake up with a rhyme and soem Corn Flakes Rap is a stallion's job, hung out with italian mobs I been around the world with pretty girls and they credit cards Around in the Source van, got paid when my horse ran And despite the verdict, I'm still a Mike Tyson fan In the trench I get ruff, on the stretch, I get vexed Eddie F's on the set who's next to get wrecked Mr. Sweeperman, time to do the sweep up Brothers couldn't keep up, spendin too much time with their feets up Listen to it, this is how I do it When I wreck a set rhymes float like fluid Lord have mercy on those who curse me You don't appreciate, neither-for you don't deserve me Tick tock tick, things are getting thick 	"Here comes the Heavster, and I know it makes you sick" Yeah...what? Funk funk flow, funk funk flow, here we go Uhhh...talk about it alright yeah Funk funk flow, funk funk flow, here we go Uhhh...yeah, well alright c'mon Funk funk flow, funk funk flow, here we go So break it down 	"So easy does it on the DL, the Heavster" (repeat 8X) Verse Three: Didn't it make you sick when I went pop and I kept my props  and I blew up the spot and was large on your block I know it did that's why you formed the committee Of a bunch of itty bitty silly Milli Vanilli hillbilly niggies never mind all the chitter chat, cause I got a bigger bat Step out of line again to get your jaw tapped Don't try to play me for cream puff Forgot I was big stuff, rough tough, and all that stuff, huh? You jabber jaw junkie, rap tour flunkie Quick at the lip, but when you see me you flip like a monkey It always amazes me, how some brother's faces be Smilin but behind your back they talk like an enemy But I got a sharper blade, from here I see better days Sittin on my porch countin loot drinkin lemonade Swingin with the shy type, girl who's the fly type The non gettin high type, that's how you know she's my type Tick tock tick, things are getting thick 	"Here comes the Heavster, and I know it makes you sick" 	(repeat until end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Blue Funk Song: Yes Y'all Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.. Do it like this though, do it like this though, do it like this though.. Make it fat like DIS, dis, UH, uh, HEH, heh, UH, uh HEH, heh, UH, uh, HEH, heh, UH, uh Aiyyo ruff ruff rugged rugged ruff ruff digga Dan Who's that? The man, I'ma slam it like Bam-Bam The big man, the bigger plan, the nigga jams Quick to figure and I pack Palladium stadium stands Rugged raw, clear the floor R&B hardcore plenty more. been on plenty tours Been in plenty drawers, far from just okey-doke Not into no hokey-poke, although I may drink a Coke Hell no I won't smoke no coke Steady steady but ready for pitty petty Big and heavy, far from Chevy, so save your gas for Getti Mic check it, microphone check it Watch me wreck it; I'm never half steppin Chorus: various samples Far from a chump, I'm a champ, I get amped when I run through camps, gimme some plaques on the stamp, HEY I need a girl who got plenty trunk, who knows I got ghetto funk Not into blunts but I be on a stunt hunt Got crazy drama, dramatics, big girls in Bahamas are addicts So now they cling like static, dig it I rolled up on some old wonderama type of drama I'ma, comma, big belly punanny momma harmer Bag a cute, so NIGHT troops, I'm all about two scoops, I cut loose, just me and a few troops To handle static to me is automatic I never panic or stall, I'm gigantic so yes, y'all Chorus Uhh, king of the big boys, bigger boys, don't even matter Save all the chitter chatter, I make em split and scatter I keep em goin for blocks, I never ran from cops I roll with my flock, and get props from dreadlocks I treat a mic like a bad habit, I grab it I gotta have it A funky junkie flippin styles is automatic I freak a beat like a prostitute, I'm always in hot pursuit I'm tryin to get lots of loot, lots of boots Do jungle rocks like a hustler moving crack like a muscl-er microphone damager handin ya rough like a wrang-ler Sew up cities with girls of pretty, known for the nitty gritty my flavor, is major, you're itty bitty Chorus: repeat to end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D f/ Biggie Smalls, Busta Rhymes, Guru, Rob-O, Third Eye Album: Blue Funk Song: A Buncha Niggas Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro/Chorus: Who's on the microphone? A BUNCHA NIGGAS! (repeat 3X) I got my crew so other niggas better leave us alone Chorus [Third Eye] The Group Home's down yo, flippin with West and me Charge a gap quick kid, best believe it G Oh, I like to flip the script and have a track record Wreckin it swift, I'm tellin ya to heck with tell to get with the crazy hairy thinkin drinkin cripple drunken monkey style back alley freaky ass to gas technique So peak, it's about to get deep, we just kick your Third Eye right open don't let your eyeball sleep The next step is the check, let's tell theses niggas whassup Cause we get freaky G, no you can't get with me Save yourself the trouble step back black, and don't even bother Word to Shop and Swift they get called in like I'm your father Chorus [Guru] Aiyyo, it's time for me to flow and get down with this I'm pullin out my mic, spittin off some rounds to this I gotta known rep, so son you better slide out Cause when I'm flippin, I'll be rippin your pride out So called gangsters play roles like in the movies Oughta save that, they're way bad, you could never do me I'm real as they come, I'll beat ya numb with my vocal tones Words hit like aluminum bats to your dome No charges against me cause I'm jumpin the law man A-men, punks should cancel their plans As the invincible principle Gang, is gettin bigger Sayin peace to the Heavster rollin with a buncha niggas Chorus [Biggie Smalls/Notorious B.I.G.] I bring drama like ya, spit on my momma Cannibalistic, like that nigga Jeffrey Dahmer I'ma, head peeler, girl stealer Coffin sealer, ex-drug dealer, HUHHHHHH! When I hit you with the blow of death I leave nothin left I cook you up so quick they call me Biggie Smalls the Chef My burner's in my left, I'm not the type to fight I'm blowin up quick like a stick of dynamite So call nine-one-one, Biggie's got a gun The gat to your back, I'm smokin everyone Quick to pack, quick to squeeze on the trigger Who's in the house? HUHHHHHH! A buncha niggas! Chorus [Rob-O] Like yo, beg your pardon, whoa when I put one to the head nuff funk shit startin Fine, so I headline for the public Get mine for my rap subjects Packed with potential, wisdom versatile elements to quench your sense, I get down so feel the mental Rhyme pro I'm Rob-O, the super spectacular Brown skinned junior from Africa Blowin up so it's, possible to freak See the highlight, in fly writing, don't give a [fuck] I split when it's through then it's get with the Guinness brew and give a shoutout to my Uptown crew and still I'm wreckin Chorus [Heavy D] Yo, here I go, here I go, here comes the man again gain Ruff with a pad and pen, so run go tell your friends It's the big belly babalu boogaloo big, boy And I got plenty honies there's no need for no sex toy Free me, slavery, let me go oh no no no No longer will you treat my beautiful sisters like they're filthy hoes Never ran from static men to crew get dramatic And I get crazy respect from crazy crews with automatics Now push could come to shove because they love the way I flip a skip And that's what keeps me kinda popular with all the honeydaps So look at me now, and tell me who is bigger? When I'm on the block I'm with my flock and I'm rollin with a buncha niggas Chorus [Busta Rhymes] Well HELLO HI! HELLO HELLO! How ya doin?! HI! Hello hi HEY, how ya doin?! Voltronic! Busta Rhymes comin with the mad ultrasonic Esophagus to rock it, wreckin niggas need to stop it You get your style busted that's just what they get for comin You want some?! Yes I know you want some of the TALENT! But you can juice up, and em-otionally get wicked to stick it, in your inner groove watch a nigga kick it Ohh hah! Yo Bee, Busta Rhymes be my niggan, never muggin, only lovin and huggin my niggas, as we get bigger we come diesel as masculine figures, L.O.N.S. we gettin thicker with a buncha niggas! YESS! Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz f/ Buju Banton, Kool G Rap, KRS-One,    Little Shawn, LL Cool J, Martin Lawrence, MC Lyte, Pete Rock,    Positive K, Q-Tip, Queen Latifah, Spike Lee, Treach Album: Nuttin' But Love Song: Friends & Respect Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com Peace, to a man name Heavy D [Queen Latifah] Yo Hev, this is Latifah You are the biggest, cutest sweetie pie I ever knew {*laughs*} That's why I like you Not to mention, you got class, you got skills You got.. I-I could say so many things about you  but, yo I love you cause you're real Know what I'm sayin? You special [Q-Tip] Yo, yo.. Waddup! This Q-Tip, yanahmsayin? Yo my man Hev, yanahmsayin... The nigga got MAAAAAAD MAAAD mad love, yanahmsayin He, he just, he's just the {*censored*} man T-th-th-the-the-the, heh, the Dum Diddley Yanahmsayin, that's from my {*censored*} man Hev D [Kool G Rap] Aiyyo, check this out This the man that's +Wanted Dead or Alive+ Kool G Rap Full {*censored*} in effizneck, yaknahwhamsayin? And I feel my man Heavy D as one of the most top dog  Record label {*censored*} in the business Younahmsayin? Straight from down, "Mr. Big Stuff" on out to bag of +Blue Funk+, younahmsayin? Word up, on the realz-nil, peace! [LL Cool J] Yo B... (Go ahead, you're on!) I'm on, B? (Yeah..) Aiyyo Hev man, wassup man, this is L, man Just wanna drop a line on you baby I know it's like the, y'know, like the line-droppin days So I just wanna drop the line on you But you know I'ma have this here barbeque and you KNOW I wouldn't let you miss that, B HA~! So my man.. umm, hit me on the hip yo, and uh... I'll catch you when I catch yo, B Peace! [Positive K] Yeah, the one thing I like about Heavy D  is that uh, he keeps it real, you know He gave me some advice when I started and I think, um.. that's one of the reasons I guess I'm Positive K right about now [Pete Rock] Yo.. What I like about my cuzzy cuz, Heavster is that he's the dopest, cleanest cut, big boy rapper And ANOTHER thing I like.. about my cousin, Heavy D is he lets me come over his house, and raid his kitchen Raid the refrigerator and I ain't gotta clean up behind myself, man This is P-R (Pete Rock) Chillin, peace [Martin Lawrence] Yo, waddup, this is Martin Lawrence, to my man Heavy D Undoubtably, one of the best rappers in the game Also one of the THICKEST brothers in the game Yo, and if you ever had his momma's jerk chicken You'll know why the man goes "Diddley-diddley-diddley D" Yo Hev, nuttin' but love, boyee! PEACE! [Little Shawn] Yo waddup, this is Little Shawn, yaknowhatI'msayin Hev is the man regardless of anything because he does what he feels, yaknowhatI'msayin, from the heart He's a good brother, and he always let you know what's on his mind YaknowhatI'msayin, like all these people perpetratin gangsta Hev ain't on it like that, he's a real brother Peace! [KRS-One] (Blastmaster KRS-One in the house!) ...As a matter of fact  from 1986, y'know, we came out together, so.. I think uh, Heavy D is kinda LARGE Yo Hev, represent [Treach] Waddup, this is Treach in the house I like to comment, on my man Heavy D As a person, he's one of the coolest..  people you'd even wanna get to know Youknowmsayin, every time Heavy D comes out It's a whole different level, he never stays on one side He's one of the most unpredictable emcees, in hip-hop history that has been, underrated in my opinion But has more street respect than a lot of  the hardcore rappers that's out there right now We love you from Naughty, Heavy, and we out [Buju Banton] Yea.. One big reespek goes out to Heavy D Ev'ry time, comin from Buju Banton Cuh I say Heavy D, Heavy D {?} Heavy D original, Heavy D... MASH UP An' time Heavy D pon di dancehall it's just murdah Man a slip and man a slide, watch di tide [MC Lyte] Wassup WASSAAAAAHHHUP! This is MC Lyte right about now Here to definitely uh, congratulate Mr. Heavy D You've done it, uh, once again and again and you continue to do it so well Uh, the reasons why I like Heavy D is he's like one of those types if rappers  that you CAN listen to in front of your mother And um.. even better than that, your mother'll wanna listen to him So that's grand when you're listenin to Heavy D [Spike Lee] Hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello Wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup This is Spike Lee, talkin to you from Crooklyn Crooklyn Crooklyn - AHHHHHHHHHH... Crooklyn, New York And with a eaaaaaarly morning shout-out to my MAIN main main main main man man man man man Heavy, DEE Dee Dee Dee D...D-D-D-D-D-D Hoping that this album, is as fat, as yourself No pun intended  So... let's go! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & The Boyz Album: Nuttin' But Love Song: Sex Wit You Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com It ain't all about sex wit you (hey-ey) Cause all I wanna do is get next to you  (hey-ey) I love the way you swing and the things you do  (hey-ey) So what I gotta do, to get next to you? (hey hey) [Heavy D] Yo here's the scoop, I think of you, and I wanna get witcha My crew said I couldn't, but I knew that I could get ya From the first time I laid my eyes on ya It was on and-ah, I figured out that other girls were goners About the way you make me feel, I'm kinda diggin it I hope it don't take long for you and I to start swingin it And everything'll be dandy, momma gave you her last name but I'ma call you Candy, because it's handy Represent your bittersweetness, your uniqueness You're everything that I need and I mean this And for the love of it all, I'ma shine I couldn't sing it in a song, so I wrote it in a rhyme I gotta check ya, do what I gotta do to get ya I'm glad I met ya, heck I'll even sweat ya Won't even let a brotha flex witchu So what I gotta do to get next to you, huh? [Heavy D] I know a lotta brothers' crack for the back, makin pitches Swingin hit and misses, leavin you with dirty dishes I ain't ya regular, I'm tellin ya, I'm hella fella I ain't ya normal +Quiet Storm+, strictly accapella I'm tryna hook witcha, write a book witcha I heard ya made moves, I want what ya took witcha You're the kind of girl that makes me grin And +If Loving You is Wrong+ then I'm ready to sin I know you're down from the clown that you was dealin with Now, you caught him creepin, met a girl that he was sleepin with Now you believe in the taboo, from evil that men do and all you thinkin now, they don't deserve you You kinda fuss, got this gust in ya attitude But all you need is a dude to show you gratitude Won't even let a brotha flex witchu So what I gotta do to get next to you, huh? [Interlude: Pete Rock] What I gotta do? What I gotta do? (huh?) What I gotta do? What I gotta do? (C'mon) What I gotta do? What I gotta do (I gotta do) to get next to you? (yeah) What I gotta do? What I gotta do? (C'mon) What I gotta do? What I gotta do? (huh) What I gotta do? What I gotta do (Yo..) to get next to you? (hit it) [Heavy D] Now I could make ya grin again, smile and wanna win again Snug and hug ya like a glove, show you how to love again Everybody ain't the same, every dame ain't a gain I'm all the man you need to make ya life change You got style about ya, they all talk about ya You're all I like with the sexy type of hawk about ya You're the girl that what a mill-ion dream Walk inside the club and be robbin the scene Got the nerve to be lookin all good and delicious Enough to make a dead man suspicious You cause drama when you walk the streets, mama When you speak, the whole block stops, because you're hot, mama And everybody wants a woman like you So what's a brother like me to do? Dig and I'm into you Won't even let me flex witchu So what I gotta do to get next to you, huh? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & The Boys Album: Nuttin' But Love Song: Got Me Waiting Typed by: cereb7@yahoo.com [Chorus - sung] Got me waiting, anticipating You got me thinking I want your love I'm trying to show you I really, really want to know you You got me thinking I want your love [Heavy D] I got a funny feeling, honey That you're kind of digging me But every time you see me word is born, you be ignoring me I know your name, yes, I do Because your girls told me I know where you live, you want to bet Because your girls showed me But I'll parlay And stay out of your way Figuring I won't be ignorant And catch you the next day When I'm in focus, I notice you Only move with a chosen few Irreplaceable, what's up With insatiable you I never figured you For the quiet type On the down low The low pro-file type I always thought you Was a rah rah mama Stirring up crazy confusion Causing drama What's the matter, huh Cat got your tongue Or some mack got you strung Or maybe I ain't the one I want to know cause if I don't It's going to haunt me Yo, word up You got me thinking you want me [Chorus -sung] Got me waiting, anticipating You got me thinking I want your love I'm trying to show you I really, really want to know you You got me thinking I want your love [Heavy D] I'm steady, picking my brain Trying to figure your game What's your angle, tell me Where you're coming from The whole picture is strange So I'm digging the frame Because I like what I see And I want some So tell me what's your plot What's your plan You're looking for A brother to get got I'm not your man But believe in me You want to be with me But you won't even talk to me To tell me what it is you see in me I got to hear it from your girls, Uptown The word got around from my crew In Brooklyn and in the Boogie Down Said you had a thing for me And what would it take for a date And wait, swing with me I got your cards You're playing hard to get I'm long and I'm strong And if it's on I keep it soft and wet Let me know cause if you don't It's going to haunt me Yo, word up, you got me Thinking you want me [Chorus -sung] Got me waiting, anticipating You got me thinking I want your love I'm trying to show you I really, really want to know you You got me thinking I want your love [Heavy D] "Hey, yo, hey, yo...." Look at all the cuties Swinging in the party "Hey, yo, hey, yo...." Look at all the cuties Swinging in the party I never stumble cause I'm humble And I'm ready to rap You got me feeling like I'm sleeping And it's keeping me trapped But still in all, you want to stroll And have a fella on layaway Fronting for nothing like it's Something for me to stay away Emotional trips Get a grip Because I'm losing it Ideas was clear Had it in gear Now you're confusing it I had the thought That you were caught And you were going steady Wasn't checking for me Cause you had a friend already But I'm a put it all aside Cause God is my guide Swallow my pride, stride And follow my guide Let me know cause if you don't It's going to haunt me Yo, word up, you got me Thinking you want me [Chorus -sung 4X to fade] Got me waiting, anticipating You got me thinking I want your love I'm trying to show you I really, really want to know you You got me thinking I want your love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz f/ Vinia Mojica Album: Nuttin' But Love Song: Nuttin' But Love Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro/Chorus: Heavy D, (Vinia Mojica)] I got nothing but love for you, baby [Uh-huh] I got nothing but love for you, honey [Yeah, whatever] I got nothing but love for you, baby [What you got?] I got nothing but love for you, honey [Yeah, whatever] (What's yours is mine) I got nothing but love for you, baby [Uh-huh] (What's mine is mine) I got nothing but love for you, honey [Yeah, whatever] (What's yours is mine) I got nothing but love for you, baby [What ya got] (What's mine is mine) I got nothing but love for you, honey [Yeah, whatever] (What's yours is mine) I got nothing but love for you, baby [Uh-huh] (What's mine is mine) I got nothing but love for you, honey [Yeah, whatever] [Verse One: Heavy D] I know you want lots a jewels and stuff Backyards with swimming pools, bar with stools and stuff Fancy foods, Lobster, Sushi Gear, Versace, Gucci, crazy Lucci I know your M.O., you do demo on a paycheck You get hair from the barber, show him no respect Middle name "Price Tag", first name "Got You" Start a scope, got on a roll, now they can't stop you Talking about "hey Boo, how you do Some clown uptown said you ran through his crew I give you props and credit cause it's due But I ain't that clown, and my crew ain't that crew Time's too hard to be faking like I'm dating on some steak And.. wining and dining, I ain't choking on no chicken Leave it up to me I'll close the whole damn store on you I got nothing but love for you (What's yours is mine) [Verse Two: Heavy D] I'm not your H-E-L-P, but I'm your H-E-A-V-Y DASH-D Don't test me, don't ask me for nothing For nathins, for just, for doodle lee squat, you can do me not You plan on plot on who be hot and trying to hit the slot I know your low pro style, your low whole pro vibe Kick a bother in the gut and then you smile I must admit; I really dig your operation Every time we on the phone, you got the sexy conversation So now you hope to be the woman of my dream And while I'm sleeping, you'll be creeping, robbing me clean I see you hanging on the corners with the rest of your girl crew Standing by the gutter with your booty cutters Said who's the honey dip, down with the money grip Always got a plan and a scam to get some money quick Always get with the next man, the one with the checks And setting up a trap with the sexing (What's yours is mine) [Hook: Heavy D] From the brother, from the brother, this the champion ---> X8 [Verse Three: Heavy D] You give me feelings like I'm dealing with a crooked hand You got a grand from a man cause you shook his hand You're well known in the streets, in the gutters So fly, when you caught my eye, you made me stutter You come around with your curls and your pretty pearls You even been around the world, so you go, girl But where's the love at? tell me where's the hugs at? Acting like a Rugrat, I know where you bought that Don't try to gas me, girl, I know the streets well You're money hungry and you're making trick-n-treats sell So leave it up to me, I'll close the whole damn store on you I got nothing but love for you (What's yours is mine) [Chorus] - until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz f/ Marley Marl, Soul IV Real Album: Nuttin' But Love Song:  Something Goin' On Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Heavy D] Yeah, UHH! Well, alright (DAMN!) [Chorus: Marley Marl 2X] I got a funny feeling, something is going on Had a good girl, treated her wrong I got a funny feeling, something is going on Treated her wrong, now my good girl is gone [Verse One: Heavy D] I got a funny feeling, something is going on Woke up one morning and my girl was gone Couldn't figure out what the hell went wrong Didn't think she'd leave cause she wasn't that strong But I was wrong Now I'm the one that's hurt, quiet as kept Reading quotes from her note that read a step cause I slept Now what am I supposed to do? - How's it supposed to be? How could you leave me? I mean, damn I'm Heavy D! Boy was I dumb, thought I was the one Bragging on her in front of her friends just for the fun I wish I would've known, I would've begged her to stay Now, Heavy D's Heavy Dumb cause his girl ran away [Chorus] - 2X [Verse Two: Heavy D] Now as the days go by, I'm steady trying to handle it The more I think about it, the more I untangle it Boy, was I a fool? - treated her cruel Straight-up disrespect for the sake of being cool Sitting all day, and I ask myself why? I guess you never miss your water til your well runs dry I figured I was bigger by calling the shots, planning the plots Taking advantage of what I got, I should've stopped So now I'm lonely, from acting like a phony Bugging something over, even mama didn't know me I tried to call her, but she won't call back She won't call back, she won't call back [Chorus] - 2X [Heavy D] Determine! [Verse Three: Heavy D] Now everyday is just another day in almost where I stay Not in the mood to play because my girlie ran away I guess I really learned my lesson, dig it! I'm through The next time I get a good girl, I know what to do No more Mr. Rough or Tough-neck, acting like a drug-incest peck Ending up the subject in shipwreck Cause I got better plans, and I'm a better man With a better Executive cards in my hand I wonder how she's doing, where she's at and how she be Is everything Okay? - do you still remember me? And even if you don't, you're on my mind Cause a new good girl is just too hard to find [Chorus] - 2X [Outro: Soul IV Real] Alright, keep going.. Alright, keep going.. Alright, keep going.. Alright, keep going.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Nuttin' But Love Song: This is Your Night Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au [Intro - Heavy D talking] Ugh Hey, heh ha ha This one goes out to all those who wanna do their own thing y'knowI'msayin? Tonight is dedicated to you Do what you wanna do, have fun You call the shots, and it's on me ha HA Here we go Bring it onni onni onni onni on one No matter what they say, no matter what they do Tonight is your night so do what you want to Grab a girl, grab a guy, say hi, say ho Throw your hands in the air and let the music flow Now here we go, once again it's the man with the wings on the double Got my shovel and I'm diggin for skins Now everything is alright, nobody's uptight Could be the lights but all the girls look right Now I'm coolin in the corner with a cutie named Judy and a girl named Sheryl, said she been around the world Went and strolled on her own through the club on a rub-a-dub tip tryin to snuggle up wit another honeydip I see my peoples on the dancefloor doin their thing As I 'gan to sing, believe me it's a black thing The party's all jumpin, everything is alright So do what you wanna do cos it's your night 	[Chorus - The Boyz] 	Tonight - This is your night 	Tonight - Everything's gonna be - alright 		 This is your night 	Tonight - Everything's gonna be - alright 		 This is your night 	Tonight - Everything's gonna be - alright 		 This is your night 	Tonight - Everything's gonna be - alright [Heavy D] I need the dancefloor stacked with back-to-back blacks and blunts to get contact, some stunts to get tumtaps The night is still young, the fun is still fun Everybody move your body, it ain't nuttin but a party Folks can I get a "ho"? (HO) Ladies can I get a "oww"? (OWW) so hear me now It's a regular routine thing where brothers do their thing It ain't Arsenio, but it's definitely a night thing The atmosphere is a rap-most-fear and everybody from nowhere to somewhere is here So act like you know, and float with the flow You heard it on stereo, see it on the video Everybody's workin up a sweat Even though roughneck is with the roughneck step The party's all jumpin, everything is right So do what you wanna do cos this is your night 	[Chorus - The Boyz] 	Tonight - This is your night 	Tonight - Everything's gonna be - alright 		 This is your night 	Tonight - Everything's gonna be - alright 		 This is your night 	Tonight - Everything's gonna be - alright 		 This is your night 	Tonight - Everything's gonna be - alright [Heavy D] I got the goods and the goodies, some brothers be in hoodies and some girls be in tight jeans, it's part of the night scene Everybody is freshly dipped Brothers be at the bar actin like movie stars, set to flip The whole crowd's in a good groove, eatin the good food Soul food to keep you in a good mood Champagne flowin, people hey-hoin Time just passed without ya even knowin Party's like pretty sights, late nights Flexed from a set to the next set, it's aight The party's only jumpin, everything is tight So do what you want because it's your night 		[Chorus - The Boyz] x2 		 This is your night 	Tonight - Everything's gonna be - alright 		 This is your night 	Tonight - Everything's gonna be - alright 		 This is your night 	Tonight - Everything's gonna be - alright 		 This is your night 	Tonight - Everything's gonna be - alright The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & The Boyz Album: Nuttin' But Love Song: Black Coffee Typed by: timmytown69@bigpond.com * * send corrections to the typist Black coffee, no sugar, no cream That's the kind of girl I need down with my team Black coffee, no sugar, no cream That's the kind of girl I need down with my team Black coffee, no sugar, no cream That's the kind of girl I need down with my team Black coffee, no sugar, no cream It's just the way I like it I need a girl who ain't scared to scrap Someone who got my back Gotta be a dark skin a light skin Like the type of girl that stays busy all day But when the sun goes down She's my sexy soufle Somebody real who ain't afraid to work it If you try to disrespect her face Around and get her feelings hurt She ain't ? from your ? ? ? ? She'll only flex with a brother that can handle it, a And I don't care if she's a little bit jealous She can still be a lady while she's coolin' with the fellas An intellectual, beautiful, sexual Hands on her hip and when she flips she's incredible Candlelight ? from her mack But she's a trooper if she has to spill the beans from the can A very nice girl but not mistaken for no softy And that's the way I like it, yeah, my black coffee Black coffee, no sugar, no cream That's the kind of girl I need down with my team Black coffee, no sugar, no cream That's the kind of girl I need down with my team Black coffee, no sugar, no cream That's the kind of girl I need down with my team Black coffee, no sugar, no cream It's just the way I like it Black coffee got the flip like a mitten Roars like a lion and when I stroke her kitten Versatile when the coke gets mine She got a positive style ain't had none in a while Party animal but Biggie only when she with me And I don't have to worry cos she won't disrespect me She's everything that a man dreams about And when I'm with my crew she's all I talk about, hey Fancy here, jewels all flushed Backside bigger than a mob but don't touch her Prettiest girl she know the ones with the slip A closet full of gear so you know she stay ?? Body so smooth from using plenty lotion Perfume smelling like some old sex potion A very nice girl but not mistaken for no softy And that's the way I want it, yeah, my black coffee Black coffee, no sugar, no cream That's the kind of girl I need down with my team Black coffee, no sugar, no cream That's the kind of girl I need down with my team Black coffee, no sugar, no cream That's the kind of girl I need down with my team Black coffee, no sugar, no cream It's just the way I like it Break it down Black coffee, no sugar, no cream Black coffee, no sugar, no cream Black coffee, no sugar, no cream Black coffee, no sugar, no cream Black coffee, the African queen Part of ? Afro-American dream Enough respect I'm diggin' intelect Appreciate the fact that you never miss a step The backbone of the black bone here's to ya As long as I'm around believe me none could ever do ya You warm, considerate, and far from a softie And that's why I love ya, you're my black coffee Black coffee, no sugar, no cream That's the kind of girl I need down with my team Black coffee, no sugar, no cream Hey, that's the kind of girl I need down with my team Black coffee, no sugar, no cream Uh, that's the kind of girl I need down with my team Black coffee, no sugar, no cream It's just the way I like it Black coffee, no sugar, no cream Uh, that's the kind of girl I need down with my team Black coffee, no sugar, no cream Hey, that's the kind of girl I need down with my team Black coffee, no sugar, no cream Hey, that's the kind of girl I need down with my team Black coffee, no sugar, no cream It's just the way I like it Black coffee, no sugar, no cream Black coffee, no sugar, no cream Black coffee, no sugar, no cream Black coffee, no sugar, no cream It's just the way I like it Black coffee, no sugar, no cream Black coffee, no sugar, no cream Black coffee, no sugar, no cream Black coffee, no sugar, no cream It's just the way I like it Black coffee, no sugar, no cream Black coffee, no sugar, no cream Black coffee, no sugar, no cream Black coffee, no sugar, no cream It's just the way I like it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz f/ Soul IV Real Album: Nuttin' But Love Song:  The Lord's Prayer Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Soul IV Real] Our father, who art in Heaven Hallowed be thy name Thy kingdom come, thy will be done On Earth, as it is in heaven Give us this day, our daily bread We give up our trespasses And even those who trespass against us Lead us from temptation, deliver us from evil For God is the kingdom, power and glory Forever and ever, amen! I love you uncle Heavy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Waterbed Hev Song: Big Daddy What's the deal I wanna know is this love for real Or could it be lust that I feel You got it going on and on like a real fly sex appeal Physique extra ill sun sweet dress to kill You got me open like token hot and smokin Jacuzzi bubble bath laughin joking Candle light talking about how you and your ex-man fight Tropical sight beach sand white listen Seafood dishes wine cooler champagne wishes waterbed head  Fine do with some riches our loveable hugeable I love the cute  As long as I'm around and down nothin could ever trouble you Chorus: I want your body the way you touch me Rather be in your Caddie You could be my big daddy Take it slowly heaven hold me Rather be in your Caddie  you could be my big daddy ..... I spend quality time  Cute face haircut like the Hally design Keep my day laced up with fly gear and makeup But you should see her when she wake up never could we brake up Shop till you drop cause the cream dont stop Buy you a bunch of outfits your sexy your hot So she could look good for Hev D Overweight loving MC rub you gently You know its C big CEO sex-o-pee Mac game similar next to gold and flex You might feelme creeping to your room late at night It's hell a waterbed so get it right You be like that its that big man we all up tonight Game ear tight why you caught up in the hype That's right that's miggie, miggie, biggie Baby your ready for big daddy Chorus You on my mind like all the time You genuine and you fine missing you like dollar sign Boo be all that and then some Job all that mad income Hand New Yorkers wish you represent from 24-7 you the one that I be sweating You and time that's no question couldn't be nothin less than Sexually the best next to me I confess You got me hooked on like Phonics or weed heads on Chronic Now sit your ready you give me more like Demi good and plenty Nothin could compare to you Boo I swear to you  I feel for you for real for you All I wanna do is be with you Might even steal for you  You walk like talk like sexy When you kiss me you bless me undress me caress me You on my mind like all the time You genuine and you fine missing you like dollar sign Chorus: repeat until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Waterbed Hev Song: Keep it Comin Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash You know me.. are you comfortable? Aw yeah Make it right, Uptown, uh Heav' D y'all, in the house, once again Uhh, make ya comfortable, big lovable, what?? [singer] Aww Heavy Ya don't stop That's what they call me boo, that's what they call me [singer] Keep on comin (keep that comin) [singer] Keep it comin No diggity, here I is boo, what? [singer] Cause it feels good Ain't no-bo-dy, like Hea-vy, uhh, uhh, uhh [Heavy D] You got me open like a book, shook, by the way you look I see you in your whip dipped, couped, fully equipped Diamonds shinin, earring studded, watch flooded with jew-els It seems to me as if you might be livin it well New York to Cali, be in and out of town, body by Bally's I like the way you flex, I wonder 'bout the sex What next? Miss, you remind me of a spliff I mean you smokin, no jokin, and I'm hopin you get with this My previous dames, played devious games Wanted a piece of my livin, so I dismissed the pigeons However I stay concurrent with leathers in cold weathers Forget Batman, I guess it's Fat-man forever (and) I keep peepin yo' game, you don't be creepin the same You smooth, you don't even move like them other dames They out your reach as you be on blue beaches sunnin You keep shinin like a ring I do my thing and keep it comin [Chorus: singer] + {Heavy D} Aww Heavy (aww Heavy) Keep on comin {big lovable, make ya comfortable, what?} Keep it comin {uhh, uhh, Uptown ya don't stop} Cause it feels good {huh, check me out} {Ain't no-bo-dy, like Hea-vy} [Heavy D] Now who be dat? (what) Heavy D be dat Now honies where you at (huh) I swear, y'all be killin me Lookin all drop dead, ma-ma, you a hot head Po-ppa, I be Waterbed, ohh, but you knew You, remind me of somethin on my magazine cover And I be Heavy D yo' in between the sheets lover It seems to me that you ain't ready to be Better you be with he, steady you frontin on me, listen My main concern is long term I like you cause you're full of jokes high hopes plus that indo you smoke I feel your, tattoo of who you used to do, now you regret it Don't sweat it boo, I know it was a long time ago, now feel me I live the saga, hip-hoppa's, Don Dada Dem fools talk about it, but rules I be about it You out their reach as you be on blue beaches sunnin You keep shinin like a ring I do my thing and keep it comin [Chorus: singer] + {Heavy D} Aww Heavy (aww Heavy) {I hear you talkin baby} Keep on comin {I keep it comin ma, I keep it comin mami} Keep it comin {ya don't stop, big lovable, make you comfortable} Cause it feels good {Ain't no-bo-dy, like Hea-vy} [Heavy D] Uhh, you can get it if you want it girl C'mon, you can get it if you want it (if you want it) Now you can get it if you want it girl C'mon, now you can get it if you want it (if you want it) Uhh - my state of mind is prime time (what?) Never you mind who's the baddest, the way I roll on my own confirms my status All of these fake players around, they tryin to get you They drench you cause they sweat you, flossin like they met you (Yeah) Them dudes be bluffin, frontin, they ain't about nuttin They steady with that ying-yang, you already my thing-thang Let's fly, two first class, mimosas in the glass White sand, when we land, beach resort, what you thought? No one else, top shelf, top notch, I love you like you hip-hop Keep it on you don't stop, what? You out their reach as you be on blue beaches sunnin You keep shinin like a ring I do my thing and keep it comin [Chorus: singer] + {Heavy D} Aww Heavy (aww Heavy) {heh, ya don't stop, ya don't stop} Keep on comin {Ain't no-bo-dy, like Hea-vy, check me out feel the groove baby} Keep it comin {ya don't stop, ya don't stop} Cause it feels good {Ain't no-bo-dy, like Hea-vy} {tell me 'bout it what, tell me 'bout it what} Aww Heavy (aww Heavy) {huh, New York to Cali, chicks love me knahmean?} Keep on comin {what, uhh, hear me out now} Keep it comin {no-bo-dy, like Hea-vy} Cause it feels good {no-bo-dy, like Hea-vy} {ya don't stop, ya don't stop, Dofat in the house} [ad libs to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D f/ Mr. Cheeks, Soul IV Real Album: Waterbed Hev Song: You Can Get It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [35 seconds of ad-libbing to start] [Chorus: Soul IV Real]  If you want it you can have it Baby come and get it I'll be right here waiting for you (Take your time, everything'll be fine) If you need it you can get it Anyway you want it I'll be right here waiting for you [Heavy D] Uhh, straight off the top, I refuse to stop Chicks cling when I do my thing I got it locked Officially, I'm yo' big belly da-ddy Technically, you don't need to be with nobody but me Ha-va-na ci-gar, Ja-mai-can ni-gga 6 Benz, Cartier tint lens, what? I dig yo' steez, knock knees, trunk full Body all lumped up, lifestyle Trumped up Platinum blonde, hazel eyes chinky Diamond on the pinky, skin bronze, you with me? She, good'n'plenty, Benz E-320 Me, I pull over, drop that red Range Rover Shorty was milkshake thick, sportin silk, mink and she had it sewn, flowin on her own She's the type of girl to put her crew on the map Anything you want, don't wet that, you can get that [Mr. Cheeks] Now let me speak about this chick I call hotter than a flame Seen her chattin with this dame, I had to go and get her name She with her friends, they at the bar gettin they drinks on Outfit's off the hook with ice gold links on Way the skirt is fittin black, who hittin that I'm kickin game up in my head steadily sittin back (I feel ya) Now I'm think in the attempt to attack the shorty that I'm lookin at that's lookin at me But soon enough I get my nerve up {?} passes me a drink as Pretty Lou he sparks the herb up I'm with my Uptown team, makin noise Heavy D, Soul IV Real and Lost Boyz Now I feel it's time to go and get my try on And take shorty home that I got my eye on Anything that you want you can catch that Like my man said, don't sweat that [Heavy D] By the way mama Last night the club was tight, shorty's dead right But you stood out the most, so I had to play you close Nuttin less than, black essence, your presence real strong Dudes all around you frontin hard, gettin they trick on I ain't mad, I just watch you gas 'em up, then I watch you pass 'em up Then I step up, now look, you shook You stuck, what's yo' name, what's yo' digits, what'chu drinkin My treat and when they steppin you get swept up off yo' feet My mission, first position, backs I twist 'em listen Ain't no-bo-dy, like Hea-vy The all-star, dapper rapper In conjunction with the funk that keep it blazin out they trunks What'chu want, sky's the limit, I live it, now is you wit it Slow flow, Poconos style, I mean I'm chillin Top billin, anything you want, anything you need Don't wet that boo, you can get that true [Chorus] - to fade w/ variations and ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Waterbed Hev Song: Shake It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [first 19 seconds reprises "Justa' Interlude"] Freakazoid robot, please report to the dancefloor [Heavy D] What, what? Uptown, get down Check me out y'all - ya don't stop (go 'head baby) A hear me out y'all - ya don't stop (go 'head baby) Ya don't stop - check me out y'all (go 'head baby) And you can't stop - hear me out y'all (go 'head baby) Ah say what y'all (yeah go 'head baby) I hear you talkin mama (go 'head baby) Now feel me out boo-boo (go 'head baby) Yeah, uhh... From the introduction, you know my funk was all up in ya Deep in ya creep when you walk, I dig that Split your wig back, now grab the bedpost Move in real close, I feel what you doin, true'n No need no Dom P, no need no Crist'y All you need is me, Hev D, naturally Rough rider, "Mr. Big Stuff," up inside her Multiple provider, the fly divider Romeo, jiggalo, high-yellow niggaro From the sound of Mount V., by the way of J-A I don't play, I insist, on the back twist Handcuffs and stuff, for those who like it rough Go 'head baby Shake it, shake it (go 'head baby) Break it, break it (go 'head baby)  I hear you talkin mama (go 'head baby)  And you'll always wanna sing this Heavy D song [Heavy D] Whipped cream dreams I fulfill with my schemes Down low like R. Kelly, lickin on yo' belly Make you shake like jelly, the fat man, battin a thousand I play it safe, carry horses just in case Good to the, last drop da-da Don't stop is what you tell me, anything to swell me Private dancin, romancin the soul On the telephone you be like "poppa come home" Right now I got 30 minutes of foreplay 30 minutes of straight sex, 9 minutes of rest, now add that up Mink rugs, bearhugs, hot tubs Get lifty off the bubs, is what she loves Go 'head baby [Chorus] - replace "mama" with "boo-boo" [Heavy D] Shorty blender, fender bender, back twirler Boo twister, officially, sexually I'm Mr. me be always rea-dy, in ja-cuzzi Ahh, baby, do me, do me Fantastic, romantic, none equivalent to my tactics, get at this, who want it? Some get champagne, you know how they be trippin But the joke really on you boo, cause sippin keep you strippin (Go 'head baby) Now dance for me, keep romancin me You got no chance with me, but you want my hands to be (right here) Say what, and when you want it (right now) Say what, and where you want it (right here) Yeah, know why? Cause you'll always be singin this Heavy D song  [girl] Oooh, right there That's right [Outro] I hear you talkin mama (go 'head baby) And you'll always wanna sing this Heavy D song Shake it, shake it (go 'head baby) I hear you talkin boo-boo (go 'head baby) Feel me out y'all (go 'head baby) And you'll always wanna sing this Heavy D song Shake it, shake it (go 'head baby) Move it momma (go 'head baby) Shake it, shake it (go 'head baby) Break it, break it (go 'head baby) Shake it, shake it (go 'head baby) Move it momma (go 'head baby) [female and male ad libs to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Waterbed Hev Song: Justa' Interlude Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash It's time again, it's definitely time again Check, check, check check It's time again Funk... say what? Just a interlude y'all, just a interlude Interlude y'all, yeah (it's just a interlude?) Just a interlude y'all, just a interlude Interlude y'all, yeah (just a interlude) Just a interlude y'all, just a interlude It's an interlude y'all, yeah, check it What the deal like, what it feel like, talk to me Lyrically I'm spittin, y'all niggaz ain't fittin Verbally you heard of me, I give a match in like a bookie Chicks looky looky, you ready ready? It's Heavy Heavy, Waterbed (what?) Do or die, nigga fly with his crooked eye Who stoppa, Heav' Dada, no-ba-da Beat rocker, non-stopper No time for them 9-8 cats We forever and for real try that Check the stats, we in Godfather hats Not for nuttin but I'm like Heav' Corleone or somethin No frontin It's an interlude Just a interlude y'all, it's just a interlude It's an interlude y'all, it's just a interlude It's an interlude y'all, it's just a interlude It's an interlude y'all, it's just a interlude It's an interlude y'all, it's just a interlude It's an interlude y'all, it's just a interlude It's an interlude y'all, it's just a interlude And we out (Waterbed) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D f/ Tha Dogg Pound, Herb McGruff Album: Waterbed Hev Song: Can You Handle It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah, aww yeah, Heavy D, Dogg Pound Herb McGruff, no doubt Ladies and gentlemen, Dat Nigga Daz [Daz] Who you are son, blow you away to smithereens At war like 50 marines against the Phillipines What a team we are, my vision only runs far Beyond the moon, Jupiter, Mars, the stars {?} when I speak, watch out when the homey creep Verbally you heard my name throughout the street Watch out where you hang homey, be careful where you hang out No doubt, I'm about my cash, and all about my clout [Heavy D] Yeah now speak on it, cousin who want it, talk to me Heav' Diggy, niggy be jiggy, Gruff you wit me? (yeah) L.B.C., N.Y.C., D.P.G., Heavy D All up in yo' frame, Pretty Tone type game, now listen I know this sunny who be lifty off Henny Lovin be good'n'plenty, when she sippin on Remy Not many like me, I like when you do, what you do to excite me, it's all about you, then it's all about you [Kurupt] Since you our love child, the stallion of style You live foul when on the prowl I kidnap the crowd The raw rough, rugged enough to call bluffs Ladies try lockin niggaz down like cuffs It's off the heezy, girl I like my hair peasy (Touch me, tease me) Girl take it easy I hits the spizzy with Heav' Dizzy and Young Daz You're too young to last wit'cha pretty young ass Just thought I'd let you know what you're feeling babe Can you handle it - can you handle it? Do you know what you're dealing with? Can you handle it - can you handle it? [Herb McGruff] Yeah, yo knick knack paddywhack give a Dogg a Pound Glass of champagne, mix some hydro with brown Lyrical outlaw, write my rhymes southpaw Poppin shit, niggaz get punched in they mouth for McGruff the Crime Hound, droppin the nine sound From New York to out of town be knockin them dimes down This is how we do it in the N.Y.C. All we really love is controversy [Heavy D] I heard you plottin on my pockets All this barbershop talk y'all be doin, niggaz stop it You ain't hurtin nuttin you frontin, runnin 'round here like you real Then tell me how you feel when you get yo' cap pealed (You know the deal) Why you wanna front on me? This ain't nuttin new to me, nuttin you can do me Shorties dey be true to me, this big fella, high yellow complexion East coast, West coast connection [Kurupt] I'm just - posted, toastin up, sippin on a shake All the moves you make, e'ry step you take Get you all alone and bend you 'til you break Wait then give you back to the cat in the cake Nah I ain't a sucker, I'm all about my papes Just cause you caught the vapes and tryin to hang like drapes Mess around and get your feelings crushed like grapes I give it all it takes to shake just like quakes [Herb McGruff] Herb McGruff, Heav' D, Dogg Pound creation Bet'chu this sound here gon' bump around the nation Hear it on your radio station Turn up your stereos, keep your blunts blazin - amazin One love to the Harlem Foundation We be gettin down, you can tell my town nathin about money makin, tired of all these clown niggaz fakin Uptown and Dogg Pound will keep the ground shakin [Heavy D] This is how we roll when I'm comin through ya town You lovin how it sound, cause we be gettin down You can find me at the bar, puffin on cigar Preferably Cuban or, sippin Evian he the Don - the Don, officially All the honies want me when they see me initially One by one I take 'em all individually And if it's goin down then we doin it collectively [ad libs to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D f/ Herb McGruff Album: Waterbed Hev Song: Wanna be a Player Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I drink Gatorade man Uhh, what, Heav' Diggy y'all Gruff whattup Gruff? (whattup) Quite, huh, say what? Uptiggy y'all, they ain't ready, uhh [Heavy D] Yeah Heavy not a think about romancin you But my mans tell me I ain't got a chance wit'chu What a nigga gotta do to get a dance wit'chu Get dipped, take trips, fly to France wit'chu? Now I'll be there to keep you warm when nights is cold Word to God, I swear I'll give you somethin to hold See you be on my mind cause you shine like gold To think that I've been knowin you since we was young years old [Herb McGruff] Whattup miss? C'mere, give Gruff kiss Drive a nigga crazy wearin stuff like this Boo you hot, like the Campbell buddah spot I'm the man, to hell with that damn dude you got Used to see you summertime, Grant's Tomb a lot Me and all my mens smoke boom a lot (Aiyyo Gruff I got the 6) Well circle zoom the block And y'all listen up, cause Gruff show you a drop [Chorus: Heavy, then McGruff] So you wanna be a player, then what are you so afraid of? Trickin cash and you still gets no love Cause Heav' is all she thinks of  So you wanna be a fly guy? Runnin 'round here actin all rah-rah?  I'll be chillin and smokin on my lye  Heav' D and Gruff we stay fly [Heavy D] Ma-ma, I swear, you be lookin fancy Won't you take time, see if you chance me You be like dough slow but Heavy gettin Nancy Some don't really like me, they don't understand me Dig your style plenty, remedy Remy Now who can hang with Heavy, not many, if any You runnin 'round here chillin wit'cha girls and stuff Creepin while you peepin out my jewels and stuff [Herb McGruff] Yeahhh, this yo' world, no doubt you go girl Gruff specialize in makin ya toes twirl At Uptown, we be shakin the whole world Platinum, any broad I want I can have 'em Anybody floss we gon' bag 'em (yeah) Cats be gettin tossed when we catch 'em (yeah) My lifestyle, off in Manhattan (no diggy) Stay jiggy, caught up in the fashion The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Waterbed Hev Song: Get Fresh Hev Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Get fresh Hev (say what) and do the beatbox (say what) Get fresh Hev (uh) and do the beatbox (aight) Get fresh Hev, and do the beatbox Get fresh Hev, and do the beatbox (no doubt!) Get fresh Hev (check me out) and do the beatbox (check me out) Get fresh Hev (say what) and do the beatbox (no doubt!) Get fresh Hev, and do the beatbox! [Heavy D] Midnight, candlelight, hot wax drips on ya back Dom P, empty, Cristal it's on it's way I don't play I'm dead serious, aiyyo I mean this Straight up ugly face in exotic places My erotic taste is, outrageous, upstages, the bravest of lovers, but this one's overweight, Waterbed, now get it straight Sade' CD, killin me softly You know Victoria's Secrets but speak it cause you want me DK, PJ's, BKNY is where you stay Always lookin lovely when you walk around my way My boo be crispy, forever jiggy, forever with me Half Puerto Rican (ay papi) ay mami Get fresh Hev, and do the beatbox (no doubt!) Get fresh Hev, and do the beatbox (no question) Get fresh Hev, and do the beatbox (no doubt!) Get fresh Hev, and do the beatbox (no question) [Heavy D] 3 A.M. creeper, crawler, official baller Hit me on my beeper, this is word to my sneaker This shorty's dynamite, she's a shook one from Brooklyn But I represent the Vernon (THE VERNON?) yeah money-earnin Now 4th Street park after dark is DANGEROUS Might get clapped, if you look STRANGE TO US My main objective is to check, the sex The Rolex, the lucci, Versace Coogi Gucci Chicks dig me (no question) chicks love me (no doubt) They be all up in my house nigga, now what's that all about? Here's what I like - 138, that's 69 twice in one night Who's jiggy, Heav' Diggy, no question My sessions in sex, leave the honies perplexed And I don't mean no disrespect but keep it warm and get ya freak on [Heavy D] Well it's that big kid, with the gold front grin and, 600 Benz Low pros, chrome rims, Manhattan condominium Now I imagine scoopin dimepieces at beauty pageants Protect your fertible, sex convertible, Lex and a Rolex Content, on how to get jeans, I know thieves and criminals Buff thugs who show love, backrubs from dimes and dub Hotties with narcotic bodies, my style is urgent A rap merchant, a major player with flavor Well it's the H-E, you see me, A-V-Y, that be me The dress code a pain, some things never change huh I stay with bigness, sir jigness, who's in this I win this hand's down I get down, for this crown [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D f/ Herb McGruff Album: Waterbed Hev Song: Big Daddy (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [singers imitating "Back 2 Life"] Back to Hev, back to the Big Daddy We be gettin down for real [Heavy D] Y'all ready, tell me who be that, Heav' Biggie Girls say he cutie, absolutely jiggy I be that big fella in the summer sportin linen Bacardi and lemon, party with de women Big Dada, papi grande 6-double-oh pusher, where yo' Honda My belly stay jigglin, keepin yo' backside wigglin Who bigger in, dis dan me? Nobody, Heav' Dadi, down to rock the party I be sendin chills through yo' body And y'all ain't seen nuttin quite like me I be gettin down on the M-I-C Only dimepiece you gon' catch me wit Big belly, can you handle it? Heav' Diggy, niggy, be jiggy Baby you ready, for Big Daddy? [Chorus: singers imitating "Back 2 Life" again] However do you want it? However do you need it? How-however do you want it? However do you need it? However do you want it? However do you need it? How-ever do you want it? However do you need it? [Heavy D] I push Ranges and 6's While you gettin chump change in the business, dames look delicious Buddies that I hung with changed, look suspicious What is it? (Must be the fame and the digits) Big kid from Mount V', in the top ten you count me Rhymin off of tracks that's bouncy Ladies hound me, one of the young and old folks Thanks to the banks that hold my gross notes Heavy, make the crowd wiggle like spaghetti Waterbed, baby are you ready Spend it, be been big since the beginnin Stay winnin, grinnin, Heav' chillin Check it out - who got the hottest record out? Heav' Water, you can't hang, yo' bread short 'Til den, I'll be in Beverly Hills chillin Ladies love me, Big Daddy, one in a million [Herb McGruff] Yo all the ladies wanna know is where Gruff at? They love that, smooth Harlem World thug cat Got a man but I'm the one they blush at Rush at, in the Vigor plush Ac' Me and Heav' Diggy stay fly, dress jiggy Got bad girls who online sex with me Bone crusher, best believe I'm gon' lust her Hot mama you can catch a fever when you touch her (Hey yo Gruff them cats don't know how we be really gettin down) Water to Uptown, pass it around, holdin it down All across the world they be blowin our sound I'm a legend, reppin on your Hot 9-7 Jigalo, all the dimes swearin Gold front smile and plus I shine with baguettes an' Have things cats couldn't rhyme in my session Baby you ain't ready, when it come to Gruff he Big Daddy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Heavy Song: Like Dat Dhere Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash  Yo yo, what happened, how was it? Pssh, it was incredible dawg, word up  F'real, what happened? What'd she do? What she, what DIDN'T she do (f'real?) Man I'ma tell you somethin man They can talk about the bomb man [girl] I don't appreciate y'all talkin about me and I'm sittin right here Uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh.. uh-uh uh uh uh (okay) Uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh uh-huh uh uh uh [Heavy D] Check me, see me, strictly, top shelf touch Pushup, never, gator, pearl white She looky looky at me all night Up in Justin's, crushin them, feelin dead right Watch Diggy, do it, just like Nike Just like Mike, Soul Train or Sprite night BET, MTV, dem CD Pump me in yo' MPV, yo' Benz CD Crooked eye, so what? I'm still fly Y'all wish y'all could be this, not 'til I die Pardon me but the Carti' be, all over me Chicks in Range Rovers, be beggin to come home with me Y'all act like y'all can't recognize a player When I come through throw yo' hands in the ay-ir And wave 'em like you just don't care And wave 'em like you just don't care And all the ladies say [Chorus 2X: Heavy D] Water, I like the way you do dat dhere Cause when you do dat dhere, I wanna be right dhere (uh-huh) (Heavy get down cause when you say like dat) (I wanna play like dat, I hope it stay like dat) [Heavy D] For all the, true believers, you see that it's real Exhale off yo' cheeba, I know how you feel Ain't nuttin changed, I'm still the heat of the night Bet you feelin it right, same Dwight, same mic Still classic, only thing changed, new glasses Oh, and new asses, can't forget dat now How many many, not any any Could ever touch D Daddy, got plenty pennies And you can see D on yo' TV set With somethin fabulous draped around his neck I went from, nuttin to some'n, frontin to bluffin To havin fancy vegetables like cabbage and carrots/karats I went from Timex to Rolex, from no sex to mo' sex Deep in the game like what? (Like what?) And everybody know my name like what? (Like what?) Like what? (Like what?) Like what? (Like what?) And all the ladies say [Heavy D] Imagine, Daddy baggy, shorties from beauty pageants I had 'em braggin, like Heavy tried to talk to me Whips exquisite, Benz wagon Chicks do visit, I've been bangin pretty ones for free Woo! All up in you, like flu (what?) And when I pass through you gon' shake yo' ass too Back, it's the boss with the platinum cross (Uh-huh uh-huh) Platinum Porsche, I'm goin platinum of course Heavy keep you dance (you keep me dancin) Do Heavy keep you movin (you keep me movin) Ain't no, pretendin in me, shorty bring your fender to me I'll have your face touchin your knees, now Y'all act like y'all can't recognize a player When I come through throw yo' hands in the ay-ir And wave 'em like you just don't care And wave 'em like you just don't care And all the ladies say The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Heavy Song: Imagine That Typed by: Animalthug@Dog.Com (Talking) It's time it's time uh one two Ha yall here me? New york city Is ya with me? Right one one             Check two check me out ha watch it yo Imagine me imagine you Imagine kids possibly two Maybe three, imagine you and i loungin in the tropics Bounded by clever topics but never discussin my profits Imagine, the tone of my voice making you moist, How you feel about that, Aint no doubt about that, These things could be real things According to, how you, feel about you and i hear me out now I ain't your average But indeed about my cabbages Let's keep it simple,you with me our what? I mean is ya feeling me? Are you hearing me? Whats the point in talkin if you dont listen Water,i shine, im glistening But im missing a lady like you, someone to hold me down Trust me you ain't had nobody like me, They can't touch me, you ain't had none of that so imagine that. (chorus) Something about that thang, That thang that you do, Keeps me running back, Running to you baby i cant imagine            Being without ya cant live without ya baby Yo shorty you dont want no drama with me Its heavy and these chicks is steadily fondling me Diggie shot callin, And im so tired of ballin               But i've been doing that these kids is new to that Come inside my crib all you see is platinum plaques Keep the gold ones in the back cause i'm ashamed of that Now i lounge in the sticks dime piece on my hip And i've been doing that since big stuff in eighty six Something about you really turned me on and i can't figure you out Cause everyday im thinking about diggin you out, whats that about? I got visions of turning you out Now i ain't like mike im simply just dwight arington myers Got a grip like pliers keep my name of the wires cause my crew is high flyers And i got more ice and more cream than bryers you wanna try us? (chorus) Something about that thang, That thang that you do, Keeps me running back, Running to you baby i cant imagine Being without ya cant live without ya baby Have you ever been treated correctly huh? You should be glad you connected with d, baby you ready? Imagine this hennesy, coat back, drop top, You and me, one on one buckwildin non-stop Flourish you with jew-ell rings real-ly If you tell me that you do love me sincerely Take the american express and go shopping Put your coochie in gucci cause we ball in the night Call your girls tell them that your flowing with water And it's sickening cause this tricking is really out of order     I'll make you fingers glimmer, ill make your entire attire better All up in ya liver,make your body quiver Heav digga damn that, gon be the same nigga you understand that? My main intent, is to pay your rent And imma keep you satisfied, until the day i die alright (chorus 2.5x) Something about that thang, That thang that you do, Keeps me running back, Running to you baby i cant imagine Being without ya cant live without ya baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D f/ Cee-Lo Album: Heavy Song: You Know Typed by: Animalthug@Dog.Com (Heavy D and Cee-Lo talking) South west ATL baby uh huh Mount Vernon Heav D Cee-Lo (yeah yeah) Boss playaz where you at sucka (Chorus) You know my role don't slow You know my doe flow so Sit back and po moe slow While you out on the flo  I'm feelin you fo sho  Don't wanna go solo No need to talk no mo  Baby come on lets go You know my role don't slow You know my doe flow so Sit back and po moe slow While you out on the flo  I'm feelin you fo sho  Don't wanna go solo No need to talk no mo  Baby come on lets go (Heavy D) You got yo eye on me,you wanna ride with D Tryin to get next to me,throwin your sex at me You gon respect my name,you know respect my game Go on and do yo thang,I know the game don't change (Cee-Lo) Well well your interested in the game I play Can feel you choose it from a mile away  Well baby girl I can grant yo wish You wanna sip cause I live like this But wait a minute let me check my list And make sure yo named ain't missed Never mind the ice on my wrist Cause sis my games priceless (Chorus) You know my role don't slow You know my doe flow so Sit back and po moe slow While you out on the flo  I'm feelin you fo sho  Don't wanna go solo No need to talk no mo  Baby come on lets go You know my role don't slow You know my doe flow so Sit back and po moe slow While you out on the flo  I'm feelin you fo sho  Don't wanna go solo No need to talk no mo  Baby come on lets go (Heavy D) Diggie gon give it to ya, dont sweat that Never long to keep up on it, you can bet that You got game, cool I respect that But you can x that, cause imma sex that (Cee-Lo) Now what's a gigalow Flow for bigga doe Weigh 264,but a fly nigga though Blow and pitch black,break a chick back Playa please dont act, and make me click clack (Heavy D) Now I do damage yall cant manage Bring your girl make a Heavy D sandwhich What the deal you wanna slide with D what the deal you wanna ride with Cee- (Cee-Lo) Lo girl you done did this be'fo Slide out the back doe So don't nobody know Jump in the benzo Push the pedal to the flo Wont leave you lonely  And the breakfast on me (Chorus) You know my role don't slow You know my doe flow so Sit back and po moe slow While you out on the flo  I'm feelin you fo sho  Don't wanna go solo No need to talk no mo  Baby come on lets go You know my role don't slow You know my doe flow so Sit back and po moe slow While you out on the flo  I'm feelin you fo sho  Don't wanna go solo No need to talk no mo  Baby come on lets go (Cee-Lo) I oughta pull over on the highway, and do you my way Smokin on that fire hay, takin the back streets where I stay (Heavy D) And you gon do it this way Cause you gon feel it my way (Baby check me out now) I dont know what you see in me Maybe it's my jewelery Don't know bout where you from But where im from we get it done (Chorus 3.5x) You know my role don't slow You know my doe flow so Sit back and po moe slow While you out on the flo  I'm feelin you fo sho  Don't wanna go solo No need to talk no mo  Baby come on lets go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D f/ Q-Tip	 Album: Heavy	 Song: Listen Typed by: peeditty1@aol.com * * please send all corrections to janis@betatesters.com (Q-Tip) Yo, Yo what listen Come in the jam and do what say Yo Listen People come around you need to listen Clear that shit out your ear and just listen What come on nigga yo come on listen What say what say what uh yo listen Come on everybody say what ay yo listen Put your hand up in the air ay yo listen (Heavy D) Now we ball out what yall with some pee wee click Its the biggest nigga you know eyeing your chick Must be in your blood cause you dying to trick And it must be brand new cause it dont even fit So leave all that vulgarious life to me Cause im the only cat out here thats right to be Laid out on beaches with sand on the back But my man soon did hand to hand handling tracks But all of us together on top of the world Bond when we click like a string full of pearls Got big dreams like big ammunition So people all around Ay Yo you should listen (Q-Tip) Come in the jam and do what say Yo Listen People come around you need to listen Clear that shit out your ear and just listen What come on nigga yo come on listen What say what say what uh listen Come on everybody say what ay yo listen Put your hand up in the air ay yo listen Do this shit with flare ay yo listen (Heavy D) What you looking at ay yo you never seen a superstar before All up in my grill since I walked threw the door Yall bought tickets when I went out on tour Now you trying to front like you dont love me no more Thats cool though see I wanna come threw your town At the next show watch the Heavy get down You duck what the F... dont say that Yall know what I mean Biggie dont play that Where your loyalty lie for this fly royalty guy do it die And Im lying in the sky till you well run dry And your thirsty for fly Its D your going to be missing so take heed and listen (Q-Tip) And, Yo, Do, Listen, Everybody all then around ay yo listen People in the ghettos and such ay yo listen Yo, yo my heart you touch ay yo listen Put your hands up in the sky ay yo listen Dance cause you know that you fly ay yo listen Heav D burning the joint ay yo listen 3rd joint yo get the point ay yo listen (Heavy D) Yo, yo, yo when I leave the whip what yall notice first The dime chick or the crusifix Lets make it bubble we goin' keep it suttle My name Dwyer my game tight beleive it yall going to hear me tonight And then some Im handsome with a diva habit Competition I crush them then I brag about it Exquisite who is it Heav D and these ladies got a thing for me And all these R&B chicks be wanting to sing to me Now fly girls is you with me (Hell Yeah) And all my dogs is ya with me (Hell Yeah) On the microphone Heav Corlione shine like chrome I keep you movin till your ass was scrome (Q-Tip) Yo check it out yo ay yo do listen Checkit out yo listen say what ay yo listen Everybody hands in the sky ay yo listen Yo cause we do it we fly ay yo listen Push it around and move it yo listen Get up clean out your ears and just listen Yo come here and just listen yo listen Yo clean out your ear listen yo listen Heav D bringing it yo ay yo listen Ay yo chh... uh uh uh ay yo listen Push your hands up in the sky ay yo listen Real fly tunnel and shit ay yo listen Burn it up in the ! ay yo listen Turn it up ay yo come on just listen Turn it up ay yo come on just listen Check it out yo listen ay yo yo listen Yo check it out in the place ay yo listen Yo turn it up ay yo ay yo listen yo [till fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Heavy Song: Don't Stop Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [15 seconds of ad lib to open] [Chorus: uncredited female] Don't, stop - to all the niggaz in the drop-tops To all my peoples that's down on lock Keep it movin and you don't stop - hahh! Don't, stop - to all the niggaz in the drop-tops To all my peoples that's down on lock Keep it movin and you don't stop [Heavy D] Uhh, how'd you like if I dressed you up in platinum? Diamond rings, boo you can have dem Dough though, Water got plenty of dat Wanna break it down get the Remy for that Me I take Coke and Henny with that You really wanna floss get the Benz for that With the rims for that, how sex is that 130K nigga can you buy that? Tanned in the Carribean with a beautiful, Trinidadian Got plans again, stack grands again Make you wanna wave yo' hands again Shake yo' waist again, who you crushin then Shorties love when I'm sexin dem Shorties love when I'm next to dem Who the best of dem, screw the rest of dem This joint right here keep a nigga on point right here Move like Kaiser, when I surprise ya Me and my team, money green Caddy, used to call me fattie Now they call me, "Big Daddy" Nigga get down like dat, nigga been around like dat Better not bother, the big brother, in the Godfather hat Screw dat, y'all better face it, y'all see the bracelet Platinum, with the diamonds under dem If it ain't E-class want none of dem What'chu know 'bout puttin out platinum hits Me and my crew flip chicks for sidekicks Water, why you gettin down like dat? You know it ain't fair when you play like dat [Heavy D] Let me put it to you like this You cats tonight, gon' see what a real player is Nigga state yo' biz, handle yo' biz I'ma pump down like that Sip Bailey's, in the Bentleys, agua, in the Jaguar Never sweat the course of that when I'm tossin back Heinekens with a dimepiece friend All the, ladies in love with D Shakin they coochies after me Y'all crushin that, them I'm crushin that If not, put a stop to that, alright Nigga 'bout to bust somethin, he don't trust nuttin I'ma make that clear to y'all Come frontin like you tough somethin ain't gon' touch nuttin I'ma show y'all how to ball Cause my niggaz on the block, can't forget dem My mans on lock, can't forget dem Y'all know 'bout dem Benjamins When it's gone, where yo' friends an' dem Heavy gon' coast through, like I'm supposed to Bi-coastal like postal Y'all gon' 'member me Whatever B, forever, D [Heavy D] Nigga stay jiggy in the DKNY Crooked eye, damn he fly Push a whip that's fabulous Cuban link with the Lazarus Tell me who the man again? Chicks danglin In Vegas gamblin We forever handlin, y'all scramblin Tell me who the man again? Huh Water, now you oughta, recognize, and keep it hot like Florida Slick talker, New Yorker, bound to be the one you feelin Tell me what the deal is My appeal is real is what, y'all niggaz is talkin what To my mans in drops or my mans on lock Keep it real don't stop, right [ad libs to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Heavy Song: Dancin' in the Night Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Do you ever feel like, gettin high? Do you ever feel like, leavin this world? Uhh - do you ever feel like, you ball by yourself? Do you ever feel unnecessary? Uh-huh [Heavy D - singing] Don't call me crazy but sometimes I feel like gettin up and dancin in the middle of the night I need a way to release myself from all the pain and the pressures in life (one time) Considered drinkin, but then I started thinkin I'd probably drown away my life Gotta do somethin, too many people frontin You see I need a way to get by [Chorus: repeat 2X] That's why I get hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigh from dancin in the middle of the night Dancin in the moonlight [Heavy D - singing] Last night I'm cruisin the Meadows, better known as the ghetto Seen a shorty named Black At 13 he's deep in the drug scene And there probably ain't no turnin back He said dat, momma was smokin, he tired of bein broke and poppa locked up and ain't comin back I almost cried when he looked in my eyes and he said he didn't care if he died [Heavy D - singing] I've been dreamin for years, cried a river of tears I can't take it no more I seen the bible dying And I don't wanan cry no more (just ain't right) Too many people pushin too many people Hate is just a sequel, cause still nobody's equal And I find myself lying Cause I don't wanna cry no more [Heavy D - singing] Dancin in the moonlight Said dancin in the moonlight {*repeat 7X*} [Heavy D - singing] Dancin in the moonlight Said dancin in the moonlight {*repeat to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D f/ Chico DeBarge Album: Heavy Song: Ask Heaven Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Heavy D] I'd like to dedicate this song To everyone who's cried before Who's felt pain and suffering before This just ain't about me But most importantly I'd like to send this song out to my family I love my family 'Specially my mother and my father I wanna thank you for being so strong God bless you, I love you Sometimes I sit back, relax, sip on Cognac, reminscin on how it used to be, when we were kids Laughin at the things that we did (uh-huh) Damn near broke but we knew how to live, peep the scene Mom and dad, bustin they ass, 14 years In the night they would pass, each other Tryin to raise six of us - one sister, four brothers Two deceased, laid to rest And I miss you cats, what I wouldn't give to bring you back To fill the void that you left in my heart Your last breath really tore me apart And I'm sorry if I never said I loved you enough I truly did [Chorus: Chico DeBarge] Ask, heaven, heaven - is there room for me? Cause I believe, that's where you'll be Waiting for me, at the end of a stairway to heaven [Heavy D] Aiyyo I swear to you, I'll put it on the bible, no lie On the days you guys died, I seen daddy cried I was shocked, y'all know how tough pop is (f'real) But he really turned soft when life stopped his kids (damn) Speakin of kids? Yours - beautiful Promisin, beautiful, I wish you could see 'em So much of life, with a touch of yo' light And I'm doin my best, to make sure they alright When I was young, some big kids stole my bike Came home and told y'all and had it back that night When I was older you started smokin and you sold my bike I remember cause I cried all night; I wasn't mad I was sad cause the crack had control of your life And you couldn't even put up a fight You told me Dwight, I promise lil' brother, I'ma make it alright You left home, and you died that night - damn I miss you [Heavy D] Thanksgiving day, came home, surprised the family (surprise) Walked inside the crib, the mood was wrong (damn) I heard my moms in the background screamin on the phone (dad what's goin on?) I rushed to get closer like yo mom, what's wrong? She said your brother's buggin out, hurry up, take a look I grabbed my brother Floyd and we started to book (run run) It wouldn't take long, he lived right around the block I tried to stay strong, but I was shakin a lot (I'm scared) Got there, ran up the stairs, he was stretched out in the lobby A 7-year jail bid physique graced his body I fell to my knees, like no Jerry please I was frightened, he was fightin to breathe Mumblin somethin "Heav' don't let 'em take me I ain't ready to leave" I felt his clutch on the cuff of my sleeve, then it eased He felt calm, as he died in my arms OD's off of heron, and just like that, he was gone Thanksgiving day will forever be hard Cause that's the day we gave my brother to God, ma you hear me? Thanksgiving day will forever be hard Cause that's the day we gave my brother to God, I love you [Chorus] - 4X to fade (w/ ad libs) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D f/ Big Punisher, Eighball Album: Heavy Song: On Point Typed by: AngDorge@aol.com [Eightball] Yeah Yeah (Heavy D: Uh huh) Eightball the fat mack in the house you know what I'm talking about  (Heavy D: Big Shots) Space Age representing you know what I'm talking about  (Heavy D: You feel this?) Big Pun up in here you know what I'm talking about  (Heavy D: Uh) Heavy D, (Heavy D: Eightball is you ready my nigga) Fat Mack, (Heavy D: Big Pun is you ready my nigga) We gonna do this you know what I'm talking about  Sure, poor, bloor, this how we do  (Heavy D: Hev Digga born ready my nigga) Heavy D, set it up [Heavy D] Big Gentlemen Asshole full of Benjamins New millenium New Bentley then, a sort addition Gorgeous women Swimming in 'em Cinnamon with denim Diva pigeons Peep the glissin' Y'all don't listen See what you missin' Diggy, double shot a henny All about the ammo NeY Bubble like no any Diamond lipped Crucifixe Seducing chicks Selective whips Consecutive hits I break sun with Pun Crew hall with Ball Screw all of y'all We the bigshots Heavy rotation Every location Smoke stogies with roadies on the corner in front of Bodega's World famous You gon' love us or hate us You the type that'd scuff up my gators Because of my papers Been about my glitter So you killin my jaw DAMN can't a nigga live homeboy? [Chorus]x4 [Big Punisher] You on point Hev(Heavy on 4th repeat) [Heavy D] I'm on point Pun You on point Ball [Eightball] I'm on point what [Eightball] Days and days Blazing green shades Of sticky haze Remember Eightball from doin' it the player way Turn it up and we gon' rock it 'till the track stops Make the club seem hotter than a crack spot Players pushin' poetry like it's a kilo Keep my jewelry froze Like my name's Sub Zero Pimp 'till I'm gone thug living ain't new to me Love me a ghetto girl and everything she do to me Presidential suites and Bezo's turn 'em out Pass 'em through the clique until everybody burn 'em out How you lovin' that icin' on the cake right Miami girls hit that white and shake it all night Slab riders, chrome twinkies Smokin' sticky Iced pinky With some styles flipping with me Memphis, let me break it down for you pal Makin' easy money pimping hoes in style [Chorus]x4 [Big Punisher] It's me, BP From the middle of little Italy With Eightball and Heavy Diddly diddly diddly dee Its no surprise How we pulverize All you smaller guys Fronting that you live but we oversize Holding knives to you neck All my nines and my techs Shine on but get strive for the best Take time to perfect Every rhyme that I kick I should get a sign on my dick "I don't got time for them chicks" They be tryin' to resist Everytime I insist They submit Bitch don't be lying on my prick I'm too quick for your lies and deception Hold your eyes in my direction If you strive for perfection Just watch the pro But its like a chore You gotta cap and go Feel the most Catch me next time I gotta rock a show Gots to go I'll be back and some other fat chick Peace to the Bronx, a mother in this rap shit [Chorus] to fade out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Heavy Song: Spanish Fly Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Hola mama (hola papa) Como estas? (bien y tu?) Chillin, you look good (you too papi) Uno, dos, tres, cuatro Yeah, por favor Right, uhh, yeah, yeah Check check Yo, check me, check me, uh - yo Such a long way to go, but I can't wait to see, my little spanish fly Such a lonely road to roam, but I can't wait to see, my little spanish fly [Heavy D] Right, right, yo, yo I met her at the Copa, Cabana (how she look?) Word to mom she bananas, I swear I wanna slam her like Tito Santana, can't wait to wrestle her Curious about the sex in her, Gabbana dress on her Next to her, this cat champagne sippin, ice drippin Roleys on the cuff, but she winked at Big Stuff "How you doin papa?" I'm just chillin mama Loungin - "Smokin on your Cubana?" Si, the, first name Heavy She started rubbin on my big belly, stay put I can see how you got these other dames shook Cause from the first look, a nigga like Water was hooked She said the name was Carmelita, boricua, from Puerto Rica Tu eres, mi amiga, senorita? Me and you friends baby, me and you friends "Si somos amigos" [Heavy D] Hu-huh, yo You the flyest lady in the house "true" hear Heavy out Wanna make you scream "uh-huh" wanna make you shout "okay" Let me feel this real, baby we can chill Week in Brazil, D keep it real "mmm" Sleep in the hills, native of the 'Ville Native of Jamaica, steady makin paper "aight" See all the linens be crushed plus the gators Smoke Cuban, gruff smoke Garcia Vegas and dutches Did world tours, ten buses "what" Live life deluxest, some friends is hustlers And them the type of cats that will spend ends to touch ya See me I wanna love ya, just flow with Diggy And I'm always thinkin of ya, that's word to Biggie Let's blow this joint and splurge the city, damn you pretty "gracias" And them niggaz over there can't stand you with me Mamita, um beso, por favor "Por que?" Por favor mama, por favor [Chorus] - 2X [spanish fly girl ad libs to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Heavy Song: I Know You Love Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Good evening ladies and gentlemen [Heavy D] Dig it (aowwwwwww!) C'mon See you? You be frontin a lot - uh-huh You the type of chick to bring the heat to the spot Cats be like whoa, when you out on the block 'Specially when it's hot, you like the neighborhood watch See me? I'm impressed with that How you sound, Diggy bound to get next to dat Guaranteed don't care, when I'm sexin dat What'chu think? One wink, and I'm smashin dat Now why you wanna go and flirt with D? Boyfriend all mad, he musta heard about me Tell me who you know flip licks like this Piss Crist' like this, with a dimepiece miss [Chorus: female singer] I know, you love me Tell them they can't touch me You're big and, you're sexy I know, you love me [Heavy D] See you? You be frontin a lot - uh-huh Runnin off your mouth in the gamblin spot You the type of dude that'll get cats knocked Snitchin to cops, you be bitchin a lot - blah blah Talkin 'bout, Heavy don't keep it real Well whydon'tcha stop tellin, and keep it real in jail See me? I just play my lane Baptize my game, fraternize with dames Diamond lit crucifix, dangle from chains Simple and plain, I'm handlin thangs When it's warm, put my minks in the freezer Bodyguard, two divas, with the two heaters in the 2-seater Diggy gon' spread like germ When it's my turn I jiggle my worm, wiggle like sperm Watch me Bus like Bettis, I got a cheddar fetish Because I heat up yo' spot, you gon' feel me a lot H-E, A-V, Y-D And I'll be damned, if you ain't lovin me, c'mon [Chorus] - 2X w/ ad libs [girl] I know you love me [Heavy ad libs to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Heavy Song: I Don't Think So Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [scatting for first 14 seconds] If you think, you gon' waste, my, time (baby) I don't think so [Heavy D] Ready to come in on that one Uno, check me out, yo [Heavster singing] See I know how you get down You want a nigga to put down before you go down Always hangin around In front of everybody, showin off yo' body How'd you get in Puffy's party, or need I ask? You shook yo' thing at me, playin yo' games with me If you think, you gon' waste, my, time (baby) I don't think so - baby I don't think so Cause if you think, you gon' change, my, mind (baby) I don't think so - no baby that's a no no [Heavy singing again] I see you on the corner frequently You and yo' bum friends be hatin me (true) Because I'm makin G's A nigga don't owe you a thing So now you studyin my personal and my platinum thing Stupid - you ain't phasin D And all that talk you talk you ain't amazin me [female singer] Don't stop, give it to me daddy Don't stop, Heavy give it to me Don't stop, give it to me daddy Dont' stop, Heavy give it to me [New Chorus] Cause if you think, you gon' change, my, mind (baby) I don't think so - no baby that's a no no If you think, you gon' waste, my, time (baby) I don't think so - baby I don't think so Cause if you think, you gon' change, my, mind (baby) I don't think so - no baby that's a no no [female singer] Don't stop, give it to me daddy Don't stop, Heavy give it to me Don't stop, give it to me daddy Dont' stop, Heavy give it to me [New Chorus] - 1/2, music fades The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Heavy Song: You Nasty Hev Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [repeat in background 4X] You nasty Hev, you nasty [Heavy D - over background] Go 'head baby Tch, go 'head baby! Go' head baby Tch, yo go 'head baby! [Chorus: Heavy D] You killin me baby (well go 'head Heavy) You killin me baby (well go 'head Heavy) Yo, you killin me baby (well go 'head Heavy) So yo you killin me baby (well go 'head Heavy) [Heavy D] Aiyyo Water's back, quarterback, thought of as a fat cat I brought her that, slaughter that, trust that, I rush dat Don divas dice game fevers and up Malibu Sea Breeze in the cup, what what? D the Dean, D the Don, Waterbed.com Perignon Dom, hotter than Prada; hot now, hotter tomorrow Hot as Nevada - Las Vegas Lost wages then I shook it off Strip club why don'tcha take it off, and then I break 'em off Then I'm takin off, y'all know me Low key, stogie Brim tilt, shirt silk, screw milk, got Water? Well you oughta - you heard me? You oughta [repeat in background 4X] You nasty Hev, you nasty [Heavy D - over background] Go 'head baby Go 'head baby! Yo, go' head baby! Aiyyo, go 'head baby! [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Heavy D] Toss Cognac, the boss on dat, spit semi-'matic Pimp habits, mack status Black fabric, black magic, rap magic Rap logic, Diggy got it, check D On CD, now you fiend me Big screen TV, now you see me, plush livin Touch women - phenomenal flow Bahamas with a momma to go, fantastic Money stretch like elastic, wreak havoc Chicks who speak arabic, latin and such With the satin to touch They brag about us, mad about us Uh-huh uh-huh, we toss it up, c'mon [repeat in background 4X] You nasty Hev, you nasty [Heavy D - over background] Go 'head baby Go 'head baby! C'mon go' head baby! Aiyyo, go 'head baby! [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Heavy D] Black Rover, black Casanova, black on black Benz Black upholstered, black chaffeur With a black holster and chrome burner, head turner, head getter Who better, new cheddar, handlin, chain danglin New York to England it's D again they diggin me again See me win again, hot like sun, bust like gun Crush like Pun, rush this one Trust me son, they lust this one, that's why they come/cum Dame hitter, pretty thug nigga, flame spitter Many loved by nigga, popular figure, stop 'em with glitter Shock 'em with heat, rockin your Jeep Rock 'em to sleep, Diggy unique, y'all hear me speak? [repeat in background 4X] You nasty Hev, you nasty [Heavy D - over background] Tch, go 'head baby Yo, go 'head baby! C'mon, go' head baby! Aiyyo, go 'head baby! [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Heavy D w/ background again] w/ ad libs + [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Heavy D] Go 'head baby Go 'head baby!! Go 'head baby Go 'head baby! You, can't, stop, me Y'all, can't, stop, me Never, gonna, die... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Vibes Song: Long Distance Girlfriend Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Heavy D] (Background Singers) Weh mi wife dem mi waan see mi pretty wife hey, seh hello baby how yuh doin? Yay! (Yay!) Yay! (Yay!) A zagga zagga zunga zeh, yay! A zagga zagga zunga zeh! (Whoa oh oh!) [Verse One: Heavy D] (Background Singers) Well mi nah get nuh sleep at night unless mi deh wid mi girlfriend, yay! (Yay!) So mi nah get nuh sleep at all because she live long distance, yay! (Yay!) Seh mi could a tek a plain or a choo choo train But money haffi mek until mi see har again So I work all night all day fah mi long distance girlfriend, yay! (Yay!) Cause when your far away from home, I'm alone with no one to hold But I will wait till I'm with you cause you know how to do me, HEY!!! [Chorus: Heavy D] Baby (Hey!) Long distance girlfriend (Hey!) Baby (Hey!) Long distance girlfriend (Hey!) Baby (Hey!) Long distance girlfriend (Hey!) [Verse Two: Heavy D] (Background Singers) I'm gonna buy a dozen of rose for my long distance girlfriend, hey! (Yay!) I'm gonna sing a sweet love song for my far away baby, yay! (Yay!) And when she touch down, a she where di crown A pure smile nuh frown, when she come around And there's no other love but my long distance girlfriend, well, yay! (Whoa oh oh!) Cause when your far away from home, I'm alone with no one to hold But I will wait till I'm with you cause you know how to do me, HEY!!! [Chorus: Heavy D] Baby (Hey!) Long distance girlfriend (Hey!) Baby (Hey!) Long distance girlfriend (Hey!) Baby (Hey!) Long distance girlfriend (Hey!) Baby (Hey!) Long distance girlfriend (Hey!) [Bridge: Heavy D] (Background Singers) Well mi nah get nuh sleep at night unless mi deh wid mi girlfriend, yay! (Yay!) So mi nah get nuh sleep at all because she live long distance, yay! (Yay!) Seh mi woulda tek a plain or a choo choo train But money haffi mek until mi see har again So I work all night all day fah mi long distance girlfriend, yay! (Yay!) Cause when your far away from home, I'm alone with no one to hold But I will wait till I'm with you cause you know how to do me, HEY!!! [Chorus: Heavy D] Baby (Hey!) Long distance girlfriend (Hey!) Baby (Hey!) Long distance girlfriend (Hey!) Baby (Hey!) Long distance girlfriend (Hey!) Baby (Hey!) Long distance girlfriend (Hey!) [Outro: Heavy D] (Background Singers) Hey! Hey! A zagga zagga zunga zeh, a zagga zagga zunga zeh, Hey! (Yay!) Hey! Hey! A zagga zagga zunga zeh, a zagga zagga zunga zeh, Hey! (Yay!) Hey! Hey! A zagga zagga zunga zeh, a zagga zagga zunga zeh, Hey! (Yay!) Hey! A zagga zagga zunga zeh, a zagga zagga zunga zeh, Hey! (Yay!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Vibes Song: No Matter What Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Heavy D] Ting called!!! I don't know why yuh feel like you're not special, and you are Yeah! Oh oh! [Verse One: Heavy D] Let's go back to the stars in case you've been forgetting how beautiful you are And some how, it seems, you think, that your look is no beauty queen But I see ya, differently girl, and your everything I need Cause I never knew what love was didn't know what love does Until you did it to me [Chorus: Heavy D] (Background Singers) No matter what (No matter what) No matter what (No matter what) I'm gonna be here, no matter what (No matter what) As long as the world turns, you'll have my love girl No matter what, no matter what, no matter what [Verse Two: Heavy D] Days when I'm stressed girl, you make it easier When I'm on the road day after day I'm kissing her Visions of kissing her, romance love dancing her Is the best place I've been I don't see you, differently girl, your still beautiful to me Cause I never knew what love was didn't know what love does But then you did it for me [Chorus: Heavy D] (Background Singers) No matter what (No matter what) No matter what (No matter what) I'm gonna be here, no matter what (No matter what) As long as the world turns, you'll have my love girl No matter what, no matter what No matter what (No matter what) No matter what (No matter what) I'm gonna be here, no matter what (No matter what) As long as the world turns, you'll have my love girl No matter what, no matter what, no matter what [Bridge: Heavy D] The love that I had for you will never fade away No no my love, no no my love The love that I had for you it will never change No no my love, no no my love The love that I had for you will never fade away No no my love, no no my love The love that I had for you it will never change No no my love, no no my love [Chorus: Heavy D] (Background Singers) No matter what (No matter what) No matter what (No matter what) I'm gonna be here, no matter what (No matter what) As long as the world turns, you'll have my love girl No matter what, no matter what No matter what (No matter what) No matter what (No matter what) I'm gonna be here, no matter what (No matter what) As long as the world turns, you'll have my love girl No matter what, no matter what, no matter what [Outro: Background Singers] Oooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!! Oooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!! No matter what, no matter what, no matter what Oooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!! No matter what, no matter what, no matter what Oooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Vibes Song: Queen Majesty Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro] Yes! Yuh dun know soldier weh yuh seh fadda? Yuh know? Watch it! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!! (Yes man!) Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!! (Oh no now now) Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!! [Verse One] Queen majesty, may I speak to thee (Oooh Oooh Ooooooohhhh!!!!) So much, I've long (I've long) To speak, to you alone Truly I agree, I'm not of your society (Oooh Oooh Ooooooohhhh!!!!) I'm not a king just a minstrel, but my song, to you I sing Oh just a minstrel (Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!) Our worlds are so far apart!!! (Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!) Royal queen, I, see love in your eyes, your eyes, I love you too [Verse Two] Is it really true  These things I ask of you (Oooh Oooh Ooooooohhhh!!!!) Oh your majesty! Could you really care for me?! Oh just a minstrel (Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!) Our worlds are so far apart!!! (Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!) Royal queen, I, see love in your eyes, your eyes, I love you too [Verse Three] Now royal queen royal queen so, pretty and fine Every night and day yah mon yuh step pon mi mind More than one in a million cause your one of a kind I will, keep you in front and never leave you behind Royal queen royal queen I love you so Never ever ever gonna let you go Oh just a minstrel (Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!) Our worlds are so far apart!!! (Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!) Royal queen, I, see love in your eyes, your eyes, I love you too The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D f/ Barrington Levy Album: Vibes Song: Love Me Like This Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Barrington Levy] Heavy D, and di man, dat microphone stand  And, Barrington Levy, a run dis yah one! [Heavy D] (Barrington Levy) YO! As I say, a di man like Heavy D (OOOOOOOHHHHHHHH!!!!!)  longside di man dem call Barrington Levy (OOOOOOOHHHHHHHH!!!!!)  (Oooh baby!) A trust mi, a this how it go mon, come in Mr. Levy! Yeah! [Chorus: Barrington Levy (Heavy D) Oooooooooohhhh baby!!! (WAH!!! WAH!!!) I never know you would've love me like this (Eh heh, eh heh, weh dem a seh mon?) (Cho!) Ooooooooohhhhh!!!! baby! (Heh? Yuh betta know?) I never know you would've love me like this (WAH!!! WAH!!! WAH!!!) [Verse One: Barrington Levy] (Heavy D) You pass me by, many of times, you never look at me when I say hello (You never say hello to me baby) I wait and I wait, and I hold the faith I just couldn't let love gooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!! (WAH!!!!) [Chorus: Barrington Levy (Heavy D) Oooooooooohhhh baby!!! (YEAH!!! YEAH!!!) I never know you would've love me like this (It doesn't matta weh dem seh?) Ooooooooohhhhh!!!! baby! (Tell dem bout it Mr. Levy mon tell dem bout it!) Come and love me love me love me like this (Heavy D! Weh yuh seh?!) [Verse Two: Heavy D] And I was so alone (SO ALONE BABY GIRL!!!)  With no one to talk to on the phone (Nobody to even love me up at night) And then you came along girl, and you changed my world! (Because yuh love mi up and, yuh mek mi feel alright!) [Chorus: Barrington Levy (Heavy D) Oooooooooohhhh baby!!! (Watch this now!!!) I never know you would've hug me like this (Mi neva know yuh would a love mi so) Ooooooooohhhhh!!!! baby! (NOW HEAR MI NOW!!!) I never know you would excite me like this (Heavy D! Watch this!!!) [Verse Three: Heavy D] I seh she love mi every night and she love mi everyday She love mi every night and she love mi everyday And she call mi on di phone and seh this love right way And yuh know seh Daddy Heavy him nah skin and him nah play YES!!! CHO!!!! [Verse Four: Barrington Levy] (Heavy D) And I was so alone (SO ALONE BABY GIRL!!!) (YEAH!!!) With no one to talk to on the phone (AS I WAS BY MYSELF!!!) And then you came into my world! (And then yuh check it out, and then yuh love mi up) And you changed!!!! (WAH!!!) HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!! [Verse Five: Heavy D] Seh I love yuh baby girl right way (WAH!!!) Mi love yuh baby girl right way (YEAH YEAH!!!) Mi a love yuh sweetie pie everyday (WAH!!!) Mi a love mi honey pie night and day (MASH IT UP) Seh I love yuh baby girl right way (FLASH IT!!!) Mi love yuh baby girl right way (HOLD ON DEH SO!!!) Mi a love har till di mornin and mi love har till di day (YEAH!!!) Mi a love har inna di night mi a long har right a (WAH!!!) Seh I love yuh baby girl yuh is apart of my world Should I dress yuh up in diamond and pretty yuh up in pearl? Tek a plenty trip and travel all around di world... [Verse Six: Barrington Levy] (Heavy D) Yeah yeah yuh know, as I would say...... Will yuh mek mi love yuh dung deh? (Dung deh) Come on baby mek mi love yuh dung deh (Dung deh) Come on baby let mi love yuh right now (Now now) Staright up love!!! (But him nah play) Now we leanin in our love because our love is straight And you know we gotta bubble to the gate  As we begin to liberate, and cooperate as I would say  YEAH!!!!  (ALL MY PEOPLE DEH YEAH TRUST MI MON AS I WOULD SEH)  [Outro: Barrington Levy] (Heavy D) Oooooooooohhhh baby!!! (DUNG DEH!!! KEP HAR ROUND!!!) I never know you would've love me more like this  Ooooooooohhhhh!!!! baby! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Vibes Song: My Love Is All I Have Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Chorus: Heavy D] (Background Singers) My love is all I have for you (Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!) Oooohhh! Girl no diamond rings (Diamond rings) No expensive things (Expensive things) No trips in spring (Oooh Oooh) And my love is all I have for you (Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!) See I'm not a wealthy man (Wealthy man) I'm just an average man (Average man) But I do what I can [Verse One: Heavy D] But when morning comes, your no longer alone And when the evening brings me home to you  Let's talk about your day! Did things go your way? If not then let me comfort you See, I'm offering, a lifetime, of love and tender care [Chorus: Heavy D] (Background Singers) My love is all I have for you (Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!) Oooohhh! Girl no diamond rings (Diamond rings) No expensive things (Expensive things) No trips in spring (Oooh Oooh) And my love is all I have for you (Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!) See I'm not a wealthy man (Wealthy man) I'm just an average man (Average man) But I do what I can [Verse Two: Heavy D] Yeah! There might even be, some with more money than me Yeah! But I lay down my life for you! No I'm not able to, financially do for you My heart belongs to you! Hey Hey! See girl! I'm offering, a lifetime, of love and tender care [Chorus: Heavy D] (Background Singers) My love is all I have for you (Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!) Oooohhh! Girl no diamond rings (Diamond rings) No expensive things (Expensive things) No trips in spring (Oooh Oooh) And my love is all I have for you (Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!) See I'm not a wealthy man (Wealthy man) I'm just an average man (Average man) But I do what I can [Bridge: Heavy D] But see yah! Anyhow yuh love mi would a extra special Anyhow yuh leave mi would a leave mi critical What an individual, she far from typical Di wey she steal mi heart she could a criminiminal Di wey dat she kiss mi mon a pure danger Now tell mi this love mon it is major And I don't have nuh fancy tings But this love I bring, and di song I sing, yuh see I'm offering, a lifetime, of love and tender care [Chorus: Heavy D] (Background Singers) My love is all I have for you (Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!) Oooohhh! Girl no diamond rings (Diamond rings) No expensive things (Expensive things) No trips in spring (Oooh Oooh) And my love is all I have for you (Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!) See I'm not a wealthy man (Wealthy man) I'm just an average man (Average man) But I do what I can [Outro: Heavy D] Yes! Yes! Oooooooohhhhhhhhh!!!!!!! Hoooooooooooooooooooo!!! Uh oh! Watch it!!! Hoooooooooooooooooooo!!! Hey!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Vibes Song: Hugs and Kisses Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Heavy D] WAH!!!! YEAH!!! Uh huh uh huh!!!! WHAT!!!! Ba ba ba ba boom!!!! Cho!  [Verse One: Heavy D] Now girl you make me happy, more so than I ever been Besides you being me lover, your my very best friend You have a smile that's so bright Just as radiant as the sunliiiiighhhhhhhhtttt!!!!!! This is so riiiiiggghhhhhhhttttttttt!!!!!!!!! [Chorus: Heavy D] (Background Singers) You and me (Oooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!)  And now I know what bliss is, a thousand hugs and kisses Courtesy of me (Oooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!) And the whole world as my witness, a thousand hugs and kisses Courtesy of me [Verse Two: Heavy D] Now my friends even noticed how, we complete each other's sentences I can't imagine my future without, having you right beside me love But none of that I have to worry 'bout Cause I'm a fool so why would I ever leeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaavvvvvvveeeeeeee?!!!!! It's always gonna beeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!! [Chorus: Heavy D] (Background Singers) You and me (Oooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!)  Hey! And now I know what bliss is, a thousand hugs and kisses Courtesy of me (Oooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!) And the whole world as my witness, a thousand hugs and kisses Courtesy of me [Bridge: Heavy D] Say girl you are my queen, your my everything That's what you mean to me (HEY!!!) I pray it's not too much though it's not a dream (But reality) But this is real as it can be, you got me showing all my teeth Smiling like I just hit the lottery And that's what I did, the day that I met yoooooooooouuuuuuuuuu!!!!! [Chorus: Heavy D] (Background Singers) (Oooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!)  Hey! And now I know what bliss is, a thousand hugs and kisses Courtesy of me (Oooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!) Courtesy!!! And the whole world as my witness, all these kisses!! Courtesy of me [Bridge: Heavy D] I said mi love yuh love yuh love yuh love yuh Love yuh love yuh love yuh love yuh love yuh I do, I said mi need yuh need yuh need yuh  Need yuh need yuh need yuh need yuh need yuh I do, I said mi love yuh love yuh love yuh love yuh Love yuh love yuh love yuh love yuh love yuh I do, I said mi need yuh need yuh need yuh  Need yuh need yuh need yuh need yuh need yuh I do [Chorus: Heavy D] (Background Singers)  (Oooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!)  And now I know what bliss is, all these kisses Courtesy of me (Oooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!) The whole world as my witness, all these kisses Courtesy of me [Outro: Heavy D] Hmmmmmmmmm!!!!!!! Na na na!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D f/ Sizzla Album: Vibes Song: Private Dancer Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Sizzla] Oooh oooh oooh oh na, oh na Da da da, so na, so na Oooh oooh oooh oh na, oh na Da da da, so na, so na [Heavy D] (Sizzla) Eh? Weh yuh seh Sizzla? (Oooh whoaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!) Wid man like Heavy D, trust mi!!!!!! (Heyyyyyyyyyyy ahhhhhhhh!!!!) Eh heh eh heh, WAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!! [Chorus: Sizzla] (Heavy D) There she goes, I love the way she work that pole (Yes sir!) Dance for me nice and slow (A so she did yuh know) I love the way she takes control, private dancer She's a pro (RIGHT!!!) Good at what she does that's her flow (Dat's how she flow mon?) She love to take off her clothes (She dancin) And that's ok I suppose, private dancer, there she goes [Verse One: Heavy D] (Background Singers) Every friday 'round eleven, at di club she's dancin Di wey she moves is like she romancin Nuff people come in fi watch har turn and spin It's like di breeze blowin when she groovin She seh she really doesn't trust nobody (Nobody) She seh she just lookin to love somebody (Somebody) I said I'm lookin for a private party  And I just want to see you shake your body Every friday 'round eleven, at di club she's dancin Di wey she moves is like she romancin Nuff people come in fi watch har turn and spin It's like di breeze blowin when she groovin [Chorus: Sizzla] (Heavy D) There she goes (There she goes) I love the way she work that pole (Yes she does) Dance for me nice and slow (Do do do!!!) I love the way she takes control, private dancer She's a pro, good at what she does that's her flow (Extra flow) She love to take off her clothes  And that's ok I suppose, private dancer, there she goes [Verse Two: Heavy D] (Background Singers) Now look at how she flows Gal yuh pretty and yuh wicked from head to toe Can we kick it and tek tings nice and slow (SLO-OW-OW) And I suppose, this is how it goes Then I give yuh one dozen red red rose  Bend mi till mi watch yuh tek off yuh clothes Pure diamond ring and ting fi sure And I give yuh love galore and much much more Every friday 'round eleven, at di club she's dancin Di wey she moves is like she romancin Nuff people come in fi watch har turn and spin It's like di breeze blowin when she groovin [Chorus: Sizzla] (Heavy D) There she goes, I love the way she work that pole (Yes I do!!!!) Dance for me nice and slow (Eh heh!) I love the way she takes control, private dancer (Da da da da da da, da da da da da da) She's a pro, good at what she does that's her flow (That's for sure) She love to take off her clothes (Yes she does)  And that's ok I suppose, private dancer, there she goes [Outro: Heavy D] She flowin, yaaaaaayyyy yaayyyyyyyy, like di breeze she blowin She flowin, da ding da ding da ding da ding Dow dow do dow dow, doq dow dow dow dow dow dow Da dow da dow dow dow dow, dow dow dow dow dow Da dow da dow na na na na na na, na na na na She flowin, she flowin, yaayyyyyyyyyy Like di breze she blowin, she blowin... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Vibes Song: Delilah Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Heavy D] Yo! Check this out man!!! Uh huh! Delilah! Delilah, Delilah (Uh huh Uh huh!) Delilah (Uh huh Uh huh!) Delilah, Deliliah, Delilah, Delilah....CHO!!! [Chorus: Heavy D] A mi seh Oh Delilah, Delilah How yuh a go dance and yuh caan even buy new shoes? How yuh a go boogie when yuh caan even find yuh groove? But yuh still mek moves, a mi seh ohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! Delilah! [Verse One: Heavy D] She's a teenager But with the pressures of the world on her shoulders she's much older Sweet sixteen already a baby's mother, baby father on the move A mi seh ohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! Delilah! (Check It!) [Chorus: Heavy D] A mi seh Oh Delilah, Delilah How yuh a go dance and yuh caan even buy new shoes? How yuh a go boogie when yuh caan even find yuh groove? But yuh still mek moves, a mi seh ohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! Delilah! [Verse Two: Heavy D] She's always, struggling and trying to do better But it seems like this life just won't let her So she still mek moves And she still haffi dance and boogie widout her shoes  Delilah oh, Delilah, pretty baby How yuh feel when yuh walk dung a empty road? Pretty girl and, how yuh feel when yuh just caan bare yuh load? Yuh haffi cry on yuh own A mi seh ohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! Delilah! [Chorus: Heavy D] A mi seh Oh Delilah, Delilah How yuh a go dance and yuh caan even buy new shoes? How yuh a go boogie when yuh caan even find yuh groove? But yuh still mek moves, a mi seh ohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! Delilah! [Bridge: Heavy D] A mi seh, oooh, hey, haffi dance and get up Peo-ple haffi dance and get up Peo-ple yuh haffi move and get up Peo-ple yuh haffi dance and get up Peo-ple yuh haffi move and get up Peo-ple yuh haffi dance and get up A mi seh ohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! Delilah! A mi seh, oooh, hey, haffi dance and get up Peo-ple haffi dance and get up Peo-ple yuh haffi move and get up Peo-ple yuh haffi dance and get up Peo-ple yuh haffi move and get up Peo-ple yuh haffi dance and get up A mi seh ohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! Delilah! [Chorus: Heavy D] A mi seh Oh Delilah, Delilah How yuh a go dance and yuh caan even buy new shoes? How yuh a go boogie when yuh caan even find yuh groove? But yuh still mek moves, a mi seh ohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! Delilah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Vibes Song: Chasing Windmills Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Heavy D] (Background Singers) Bwoy mi haffi get dat gal deh yuh know! Weh yuh mean mon nuh worry yuhself? Yeah!! Cho! Flash it!!! (Oh!!!) Yuh know seh certain tings yuh waan in life (Ohhhhhhhhh!!!) Yuh haffi go face it (I'm chasing windmills oh!) If it nah come to yuh, yuh know mi seh (Ohhhhhhhhh!!!) Yuh haffi go run afta it mon (Oh!!!) Especially if it's love!!! (Ohhhhhhhhh!!!) Cause it's a splendid ting! (I'm chasing windmills now) Fah di song I sing! (Ohhhhhhhhh!!!) Cause love is a splendid ting!!! Yes!!!! Watch it girl!!! [Verse One: Heavy D] It's like having sunlight you can't see, like air that you can't breathe I'm here but there's no me, no me My friends say that she's out of my league But still I choose to proceed Cause they don't see what I see, I see, HEY!!!! [Chorus: Background Singers] (Heavy D) Oh!!! Ohhhhhhhhh!!! (I'm chasing!!!) I'm chasing windmills oh! (Round and round I go)  Ohhhhhhhhh!!! (Round and round mi seh round I go) Oh!!! Ohhhhhhhhh!!! (I'm going round and round and round and round!!!) I'm chasing windmills oh! (Round and round I go)  Ohhhhhhhhh!!! (Round and round mi seh round I go) [Verse Two: Heavy D] So I climb the level she's on she was right here, poof now she's gone (Gone gone gone gone) Same old song, old song!!! (Song song song song song song song) Stretch out and she's just out of my reach (Caan, caan reach yuh know!!!!) I wish she could hear me speak (Yeah!) Hello! And maybe she will see That I'm still chasing!!! [Chorus: Background Singers] (Heavy D) Oh!!! Ohhhhhhhhh!!! (I'm chasing!!!) I'm chasing windmills oh! (Round and round I go)  Ohhhhhhhhh!!! (Round and round mi seh round I go) Oh!!! Ohhhhhhhhh!!! (Yes I am chasing!!!!!) I'm chasing windmills oh! (Round and round I go)  Ohhhhhhhhh!!! (Round and round mi seh round I go) [Bridge: Heavy D] And mi seh, love, love, love, love, mi love dat woman yes Love, love, love, love, mi love dat gal yes Love, love, love, love, mi love dat woman yes Love, love, love, love, love, love, eh heh! Love, love, love, love, mi love dat gal yeah Love, love, love, love, mi love dat woman deh Love, love, love, love, mi love dat gal yes Love, love, love, love, love, love, WATCH OUT!!!!!!!!!!! [Chorus: Background Singers] (Heavy D) Oh!!! Ohhhhhhhhh!!!  I'm chasing windmills oh! (Round and round I go)  Ohhhhhhhhh!!! (Round and round mi seh round I go) Oh!!! Ohhhhhhhhh!!! (I'm chasing!!!!!) I'm chasing windmills oh! (Round and round I go)  Ohhhhhhhhh!!! (Round and round mi seh round I go) Oh!!! Ohhhhhhhhh!!! I'm chasing windmills oh! Ohhhhhhhhh!!!  Oh!!! Ohhhhhhhhh!!! I'm chasing windmills oh! Ohhhhhhhhh!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Love Opus Song: Love in a Bottle Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com My heart is broken, yeah If she doesn't love me, then who's gonna care? My heart is empty, hollow So I find love in, a bottle I found, looooove in a bottle-ohh [Heavy D] They say I drink too much and I'm like, "Forget y'all, I think you think too much" 'cause you don't know the things that I'm goin thru and the things I'm goin thru, you don't know who I'm goin thru it with Huh, on the stoop sippin Ciroc Flip-flops and bathrobes got me lookin like an asshole I'm so lonely, where my homie? Once I'da call her, now she act like she don't know me Oh, my, G-O-D Steady frontin like she ain't lovin the H-E-V She got me buggin at night, huggin the bottle tight She got me goin crazy, now where my baby? [Heavy D] Huh, you damn right I'm drunk and you would be too if you was down in my slump I tried to give my baby everything that she want But apparently, what she really wanted wasn't me She wanted, Bugatti not Godbody, she party party Hangin with sniffers and sippers, strippers in glass slippers who shake it for day trippers and big tippers Big figures, big schemers, dream stealers, dream killers Uh, I watch my baby succumb to pressures At one point in time, she was oh so precious When good girls go bad, man they gone forever Gotta go so wrong, damn I hate this song~! C'mon [Bridge (sung by unknown singer): Repeat 2X] Bartender, gimme one drink I just wanna dance, I don't wanna think Bartender, gimme one more I don't wanna feel this pain no more The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Love Opus Song: Valentine 2/14 Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Heavy D] Hey... Oooh-ooooh, ohh [Heavy D] Uh, I'm talkin back in the beginning When you used to flaunt me with a dozen of huggings and kissings Trips we used to go on with such beautiful scenery Walks in the park after dark you really mean to me the world; I love your stylin, profilin, the way you smilin I used to keep you gigglin, chillin, livin in style and Those winter nights when you was alone, I kept on holdin ya The days when you were drownin in tears, I kept consolin ya I used to love to wake up in mornings and see your smile On winter days we would stay in bed an extra while But nowadays, I'm in a daze, it's like you hate me So I spend day after days contemplatin we Remember when you used to listen And now you pay me no mind (mind, mind, mind, mind) Uh, what happened to the huggin and kissin? This ain't that love that I was fallin for, fallin for Fallin for [Heavy D] Yo, did the money come between us? Or is it just true that men are from Mars, women from Venus? I met you at your greenest but today you at your meanest And even our friends say somethin wrong when they see us I'm losing sleep every night and day, what came between us? Like do she creep, cause everyday we're becoming strangers When I love you turns to I hate you ungrateful love The days when you were drownin in tears, I kept consolin ya I used to love to wake up in mornings and see your smile On winter days we would stay in bed an extra while But nowadays, I'm in a daze, it's like you hate me So I spend day after days contemplatin we [Chorus 2X] [Heavy D] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yah, uh.. Yo, I'm so confused, baby you got me walkin on the edge, travellin the ledge Sleepin on the floors, climbin the walls Baby, you push me to my limits with your trickery and gimmicks What I'm wonderin is, do you still love the kid? Do you accept the things I do to you, forgive the things I did? This ain't no way to live, you get back what you give Either you negative or positive, I wanna live I used to love to wake up in mornings and see your smile On winter days we would stay in bed an extra while But nowadays, I'm in a daze, it's like you hate me So I spend day after days contemplatin we [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D f/ Carl Thomas Album: Love Opus Song: Still Missing You Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Heavy D] Yo, the mansion is just the extension of the pain The hallways echo when I holler her name I swallowed the pride, hollowed the fame Narrow the lane so she could play the game alone Nowadays, don't even answer the phone and lately, yo she don't even come home My baby, don't act the same no mo' It's like the game rearrange and things done changed (yes yes y'all) Strange, strange... It was over before it was over But now I'm right back where I started - alone again Feelin empty and brokenhearted No matter what I do, still missing you Lately you do things you never used to Instead of listening, you turn around and walk away Your side of the bed, is getting cold Coming home late, it's gettin old I guess there's nothing left to do (Missing you girl) [Chorus: Heavy D] (Carl Thomas) How do you give up a love like that? How do you give up a love so fast? (I'm missing you, I'm still missing you girl) How do you give up a love like that? How do you give up a love so fast? (I'm missing you, I'm still missing you girl) Yes yes y'all [Heavy D] You used to text me, "I'll be over" (Ooh yeaa-aa-aah!) But nowadays the sex seems like the same ol' thang - mundane thang To say I love you feels like I'm choking~! But I rather walk away, and love you just the same [Heavy D] Yo, what happened to the good ol' days? The hood ol' days? Used to draw the shade, lay in bed, play all day Callin work sick, stay home all day Now I'm alone all day, while you gone all day Roamin the street 'til we don't even speak all day And I'm buggin like what happened to her loving ways? It's like I'm in a drugged-out daze or a bugged-out maze Mami ain't the same and it's a shame [Chorus 2X] [Outro: Carl Thomas] I'm missing you, I'm still missing you girl I'm missing you (I'm missing you) I'm missing you (I'm missing you) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D f/ Anthony Hamilton Album: Love Opus Song: I Can't Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Heavy D] (Anthony Hamilton) It's ya boy Heav D! (Ohhhhhhhhh!!!!) (Wait a minute) Anthony Hamilton! Come on! [Chorus: Anthony Hamilton] (Heavy D) I can't stop myself, from, loving, you, girl It's like magic when we touch, and you know it means so much (Come on dream with me baby) I can count the ways, I, feel about, you All the little things you do, keep me runnin back to you [Verse One: Heavy D] Check me out ma I swear to God I feel the same way And I like to see you now and then and each and every day No matter how you slice it, I ain't supposed to wife it I like it, plus you make me feel like you were right with The things that I do, like when i pass through With the powder blue convertible come through you Smile so big makes me feel like a kid When we reminiscin 'bout the things that we did Forgettin structure, can't wait to touch ya I love ya, can't get enough of ya What you want me to do huh? Tell me now what you want me to do ma? Show me how! Come on! [Chorus: Anthony Hamilton] I can't stop myself, from, loving, you, girl It's like magic when we touch, and you know it means so much (And you know it!) I can count the ways, I, feel about, you All the little things you do, keep me runnin back to you [Verse Two: Heavy D] Aiyyo! How many times you been through it? How many times you eyes welled up with fluid? How many times you said I ain't do it? And you still true through it Knowin damn well that I did it, but you chose to forget it and live with it Shit! Where I'm a find that at? Someone to hold me down like that, get my back like that Nobody but you I be a fool to fool with somebody but you How you wanna handle it? Take time, untangle it All the drama you manage it, you ain't allowed to dangle it Ok...Let's keep it movin mama Forget yesterday and focus on tomorrow [Chorus: Anthony Hamilton] I can't stop myself, from, loving, you, girl It's like magic when we touch (It's like magic!) and you know it means so much (Where is that dream baby!!!!) I can count the ways, I, feel about, you All the little things you do, keep me runnin back to you [Verse Three: Heavy D] Aiyyo! Now, who 'gon give you keys to the crib? Who 'gon, treat you right and, show you how to live Who 'gon keep you lookin big? Keep you like you dig? Keep you out the gutter, keep you lookin butter Keep you laced up, hait and face made up Pocket caked up, backed bills paid up Be happy that you stayed up All night made up, made love, now we straight up  [Bridge: Anthony Hamilton] I like your sense your humor, your charm girl rips right through me Whatever you want! Whatever you need! All for incredible you! Anytime that you want me for company! Just call and I'll be there for ya! Whatever you want! Whatever you need! All for incredible you! [Chorus: Anthony Hamilton] I can't stop myself, from, loving, you, girl It's like magic when we touch, and you know it means so much (Incredible Incredible you!!!!) I can count the ways, I, feel about, you All the little things you do, keep me runnin back to you [Outro: Anthony Hamilton] (Heavy D) I'll do it for you baby!!! (Yeah!) No matter what the people say!!! (Heavy D) I'm gonna love you anyway!!!! (Anthony Hamilton!!!) It don't matter!!! It don't matter no no no no!!!!! (Bad Boy!!! Yeah!) What God put before me!!! Can't no man, nobody take it from me!!! (Bad Boy!!! One time!!!!! Sayyyyyyyyyy!!!! Whatttttttttttt!!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D  Album: Love Opus Song: Love Your Soul Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Heavy D] It ain't ya Gucci suits It ain't ya Fendi boots It ain't ya Armani, ya 'tire, who ya hired or fired We know you that boss chick  with the, on and off switch-a The same mami everybody on the block desire You sip the finest shipments You whip the finest whips and Body look like a cryptic, they don't see it so they ig'nant Makes me sort of indignant Can't wait to get you pregnant Ma you so bad, these other chicks feel nothing but resentment And I so appreciate ya Understand why they hate ya My love so deep, I'll never sleep, I'll never negate ya And in case you didn't know-ooh-whoooa (I love, love, love, love, love, love, love your soul) And in case you didn't know-ooh-whoooa (I love, love, love, love, girl I love your soul) Love your soooooul, I love your sooooul I-iiii, girl I love your soul [Heavy D] Hey yo ma, you so Oprah widdit Head to toe, tailor-fitted 9 to 5, single mom Coproate gain sister widdit Look at Miss Independent So focused, so relentless So in love, non-pretentious So hovers above the rest and So first-class, so coach seat So as long as you arrive on time to see me You so in, my next-to-kin be like, "Yo, she's a win" So all I focus on is when I'm gon' see you again The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D f/ Toni J Album: Love Opus Song: Dance For You Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Heavy D] Talk with me, w-walk with me.. It's... uh-huh Whoo! Whoo! [Chorus: Toni J] I would do a dance for you Paint a portrait of a brand new you You deserve an ocean view I would swim it all for you I love you so much better, baby Yeah, I love you so much better I love you so much better, baby Yeah, I love you so much better [Heavy D] Huh, if I had to paint a picture Brushstrokes that perfectly descript ya Body like a sculpture, scripture Had to pray on ya, before I got up on ya Shoe store, your store, whatever fit ya Yo' time, my dime, whoever with ya Never divide the time to quit or split ya {Shit} ya the best thing the ever happen to me Now talk to me, walk with me... [Heavy D] Yes, you've been the best, so fresh right to left You eliminate the rest, and yes Peel it apart, your own heart, tear it apart  'til ain't nothin left, and yes Bein without you instead of with you is equivalent to death Civil unrest, heavy on the chest... Now talk to me, walk with me... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D  Album: Love Opus Song: Hello Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com Dah-dah, dah-dah, dah-dah.. Microphone check 1, 2 Dah-dah, dah-dah, dah-dah.. Hey girl Hello, hello, hello Hello, hello, hello [Heavy D] Would you like it if I know your name? Know your name, eyy, hey heyy.. Would you like it if I knew your name? Knew your name, eyy, eyy, heyyy.. [Heavy D] Ain't you tired of playin those games? Silly games, silly games, games, gaaames How's about a little dinner and drinks so I can pick your brain... what's your name? Eyy, eyy.. [Heavy D] Tired of.. playin those.. Playin those games, silly games Tired of.. playin those games Silly games, games, gaaames Tired of, tired of tired of.. Playin those games, silly games Games, gaaaames Bye, my love... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyrese f/ Heavy D Album: Blue Streak soundtrack Song: Criminal Mind Typed by: TwstdFlava@aol.com [Tyrese] I've got a criminal mind Ohhh oh oh [Heavy] C'mon, what what, what what, uh uh 1 - These days, I wonder if crime pays  Blinded by criminal minded ways  Smokin' on ya hay  (Turn it up) Uh-huh These days, cats be pushin' me places I ain't supposed to be Money got a hold of me, controlin' me  [Nichole & Audrey] 2 -  I've got a criminal mind  I can't help it  I'm on my way  To pick up the pieces  It's the only way I see myself gettin' to the other side  That's why I've got a criminal mind [Tyrese] City lights, diamond sky What a beautiful thing, to be alive Everything, is all that I desire Paper's in my hand, a chance to leap higher Repeat 2 [Tyrese] Everywhere but felt your life's standing still You want so much more than the world has to give I can't see myself workin' every day Makin' no money, barely getting paid I should probably regret  All that I've done, in the past But as I turn the pages of my life I see you ride up again [Heavy] Y'all still don't hear me? Okay, check this out, yo It's the D I It's the D I It's the D I G G Y, D A double D Y  He be fly, all day With a P I, G E, okay Police got a freeze on my diamonds Did 2 years in the pen, I'm back again And this time, I got to win I'm a theif by nature, steal your love I'm a crook with a hook and a plan for thugs, uh-huh Y'all don't hear me, huh? Y'all don't hear me, huh? Repeat 1 I'mma tell y'all somethin' Y'all gon' still question my capabilities? Are you stupid? You sucka Repeat 2 Repeat 2 Repeat 2 [Heavy] (Outro) Y'all don't see me How we get down, ya know what I'm sayin? Whatever's necessary, we gon' be 'bout it Cuz we 'bout it, for real (they know we 'bout it though) (Man, tell 'em how you do it) Listen man, I got to get what I get any way I can get it Man, y'all hear me? (I know that's right) Repeat 1 Repeat 2 Repeat 2 Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz Album: Don't Curse 12"/Uptown Records Block Party, Vol. 1 Song: You Can't See What I Can See Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] ("Y-Y-Y-Y-You're blind, baby") ("You're blind, baby! You're blind from the facts" Artist: Heavy D, Grand Puba, 2Pac, and Notorious B.I.G. Album: Eddie F and the Untouchables Compilation Song: Let's Get it On Typed by: OHHLA.com [Heavy D]  Yea this is uh Super funk you know what I'm sayin This is for all the players and playetts wherever you at you dig I'm talkin about from this side to that side  East side, West side, your side, my side It's all about being funky man Aiyyo give me that microphone It's Heavy D the baritone and I'm home alone dig it  and I'm always staying freshly dipped on 1-2-5th  where the dogs bark and the dreadlock be sparkin spliff Okay okay okay okay it's Heavy D again Hallelujah I'm on your T.V. screen again You see me on your MTV and on your BET  and on your local focal point video show Nigga this how it flow so fly like an eagle No sequels no weed but I get love from all the thugs  cause they still my people  I'm dynamic punks panic when they see me They get all shook up when my mic's hooked up  Let's get it on!  [chorus]x2  Untouchables at your door  (Let's get it on)  All you wack rappers hit the floor  [2pac] How should I plead forever thuggin on a quest to get G's Runnin from enemies ever since the days of a seed I'm under pressure the stress will have me drinkin thinkin niggaz after me much too paranoid to blink Wonder why the police don't wanna see me stackin G's They after a playa but I won't let em capture me I gotta thank the lord for the weed and the nicotine  I can't sleep close my eyes I see wicked things  I keep my pistol by my bedside one in the chamber Preoccupied with homocide my life's in danger Rollin down the 4-0-5, beware of stangers  Hand on my 4-5 that's what the fame does I'm probably wrong but I'll never know it till I'm gone From out the ghetto where the jealous motherfuckers roam Pass the weed let that Hennessey get to me  before the penitentiary  Let's get it on!!  [Chorus: repeat 2X] Untouchables at your door  (Let's get it on)  All you wack rappers hit the floor  [Grand Puba] I thought you knew I stay true to this rhyme thing I do  I have all the honeys saying, "Go Pu'!"  I flip a style from the projects building 70 apartment 6C I turn food stamps to green stamps rough power amps  and sold weed under corner lamps but now I'm just microphone talkin So when you see my ass have my cash or just keep walking Niggaz got more game than Genesis Seen a movie in L.A. now everybody wanna C  but them youth don't trouble we  because they fall victim to what they see hey!  I keeps it +Reel to Reel+ like my last album title song  but I understand it takes a year for niggaz to catch on (hit em in the head dog) So let's get it on! yea  [Notorious B.I.G.]  Split the dutches fill it with the skunk we about to  get wicked in the joint uh Notorious is glorious  {*cough, cough*} Niggaz now who's the mind blower, the weed grower  Have you seeing doubles like Noah, the rhyme flower  B.I.G. top notch with the glock check your pockets  and your sockets it's just the way my pops taught me  When you throw the drop check em throughly  The bastard might spin around and try to bury me And dead niggaz don't make no moves When I'm slingin in the hood I don't fake no moves aight Reminiscin on my swinger days  when I drove a Caddy and my bitch sported finger waves Yea she had the Gucci roots I had Sarducci suits Oshkosh-begosh Coca-Cola lookin real cute Junior M.A.F.I.A. representin Bucktown Mac-11 cocked back niggaz better duck down Face down you know the routine the cream Earrings you know the drama Biggie bring Let's get it on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D. & The Boyz Album: Heavy Hitz Song: Gyrls, They Love Me (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [women singing in background 3X] Cause he's The Overweight Lover Heavy D! [Heavy D.] Coolin in my crib and I'm cold, maxin Call up a cutie, I'm in the mood for relaxin Get my phone book from, top o' the shelf I'll dial 66 - hm, I better keep it to myself Call up a cutie with a triple star next to it She says, "Hello," we con-versate a bit Invite her over for a candlelight dinner Believe me when I tell you that this girlie is a winner Shortly after that, I hear the doorbell ring Turn on the radio, Anita Baker starts to sing Open up the door and I kiss her on the cheek She's so nice, polite, petite, so sweet Sit her on the couch and uh, remove her coat Squat next to her, *ahem* clear my throat Whisper in her ear, told her what she wants to hear Let her know that, "Have no fear - Heavy D.'s here" And.. [Chorus 1] Gyrlz they, gyrlz they love me (Cause he's The Overweight Lover Heavy D!) Gyrlz they, gyrlz they love me... [Heavy D.] Take my hand, walk with me I'm the imperial, Overweight Lover MC Heavy D. Now that I've introduced myself correctly Do you have a moment to spend some time with me? Would you like a drink, maybe a Piña, Colada A strawberry Daiquiri, some wine from Havana It really doesn't matter, the choice is yours and when you're through with your drink, we'll take a walk out-doors Gazed at the stars, walked down the boardwalk Sit by the beach and talk lover's talk Make a quick call on my cellular phone Some type of limousine to pick us up and take us home Ahh! - an enjoyable night The mood was smooth and everything was alright It may be hard for you, but it's easy for me Cause girls, the girls, the girls, THEY LOVE ME! [Chorus 2] Gyrlz they, gyrlz they love me (Cause he's The Overweight Lover Heavy D!) Gyrlz they, gyrlz they love me (Cause he's The Overweight Lover Heavy D!) Gyrlz they, gyrlz they love me (Cause he's The Overweight Lover Heavy D!) Gyrlz they, gyrlz they love me! [horn solo break and Eddie F. cuts and scratches] [Heavy D.] Me, Glenn, and Troy went to a disco (word) Pete Rock & CL Smooth was on stage drinkin Cisco Damien had his girl Michelle (of course!) Craig Boogie had a girl that I never seen before ("HEY!") Eddie F. was home makin a beat {*scratches*} Mick T. was at the crib on a hundred and twenty-two street (chillin) Tootie had a cutie that was dope (Damn!) Groovy Lou, Quan, and Little Dow was crackin jokes (YOU BIG!) Grapp had the dancefloor packed (GO, GO, GO) Joe Black was in the corner lookin meanie when he {?} Tommy, George, Jeff and Butta was on the spot Buyin champagne from the crew a hundred dollars a pop! Me, I was casin the joint Clockin all the people as they stared and point It feels really good to be Heavy D. Because the girls, the girls, they LOVE me! [Chorus 2] [Heavy D.] Huh, candlelight dinner and violets Keep the girlie smilin, but when upon the set I don't drink, I'm profilin Run through the last check, looked upon the Rolex Her clock says twelve, my clock says se-... Eh-ha-ha-ha-hah - you know what I'm talkin about! And if you don't, I think you'll figure it out It ain't that I'm conceited or nuttin I'm just impressed, for frontin and bluffin Cause... [Chorus 2 'til fade] (Cause he's The Overweight Lover Heavy D!) Artist: Heavy D, Notorious B.I.G., Tru Kula Album: NBA Jam Session Song: Jam Session Typed by: webmaster@notoriousonline.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Ah you hear this? Ada big belly guy I telling be talking By my side is my version Biggie Smalls Ya? (no question, no question) From Brooklyn Ya! (Representing', uhh) Comfortable calling in NBA stars, wiggity wiggity wiggity wiggle wiggity why  Come in Biggie and let them understand [Verse One: Notorious B.I.G. & Heavy D] [Biggie Smalls] Not even Stan the man could withstand the lyrical punch You nibble on my double dribble or alley-oop and monster dunk. (Ah hah, ya heard this?) Dig in the trunk Mark Jackson even Bill Paxton Give me my props at the lyrical waxin (ya heard) [Heavy D] Ya heard, kill the beam cause the heavy one's coming Shot are being blocked and the funky drum is drumming That's one of those set's where ya gotta get wreck or get wrecked  No time flex, Heavy D is on the set, so what's next? [Biggie Smalls] I'm stripping like Scottie Pippen giving the serious butt kicking Breaking bones like Karl Malone yeah I'm flippin'  Or Isaiah, say ya prayer when I step inta your layer Leave the lane clear; I'm welfare like Lambier  [Heavy D] Now in case you didn't know it's a funk flow slide show Hip hop here we go, how did ya know the big belly pro Doing his thing Ting-a-ling-a-ling ting-a-ling-aling I'm the man, yes I am, now watch me jam, who I am? [Chorus x4] Ohh jam, here comes the man hot dam, jam [Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G. & Heavy D] [Heavy D] This time it ain't the shoes, it ain't the shoes, I swear it's me (Who that?) The H to the E to the A or Y Vesty I slam a dunk bunk I make a funky feel the funk I don't know what it is but I got blue funk inside my dunk [Biggie Smalls] One in the chamber like Chambers,  Getting' that close range like Danny ainge nobody is stranger Than the Biggie Smalls, the Brooklyn thumper With the wicked jumper you like the way I freak the double jumper [Heavy D] Jump shots, jump shots, I got them for days Call me radar; I'm a star I don't miss them far A funky dribbler ball handler rough for a verangular  Giving props there you want cocks and I'm slamming them [Biggie Smalls] Rebounding, Outstanding, no one surrounding I'm screwing and doing like I was Ewing The only one soaring and scoring is Jordan (Ah heh ah heh) He must of had his wheaties this morning [Chorus x4] Ohh jam, here comes the man hot dam, jam [Verse Three: Tru Kula] (Yeah) Hey maa! Pass my kicks with the ill grip, quick Watch it wreck, use the number one draft pick In my district I'm slick with the b-ball Your curious ask the Heavy or the Notorious Biggie, who can check me, can he see me? I'm ghost like the board slave, five coast to coast Cause I'm the dread not the baldhead With the ill vertical, like my man Spud Webb (uh hahaha) Don't push your luck I won't spear chuck a 20-footer Gripping the archive for great sky hook Look, who's that? You never heard of me Ever seen a structure that fits in a jersey Could you flow like the general on the hard wood? To black top courts in ya neighborhood Yo, Biggie's on the low post, heavens to swing man Eh yo, check out the jam [Chorus Fades Out] Ohh jam, here comes the man hot dam, jam [Music fades out] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Flavor Unit f/ Treach, Chip-Fu, Freddie Foxxx, Queen Latifah,  	Heavy D, D-Nice, Dres Album: Roll Wit Tha Flava (compilation) Song: Roll Wit Tha Flava Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Treach Once again, it's on where I'm from there aint no picket fences pick it Straight and ruff so you pick it my sticky finger was a glock  Many dash for the fast cash, but I like the cash to last So I rap till my ass collapse I'm never trouble but if troops will come and jam me  You Remind Me like Mary then I'm scaring your little projects On the prarie I'm hairy and hot like Dougie with a smokie So I boo-boo, just like Fu-Schnicks I'll say F-U-2 Verse Two: Chip-Fu A-bibbedy-bibbedy-bibbedy-bibbedy-bong-gang ultra-king But BBD boxing up yang, giddy-up Didduh-duh, didduh-duh, didduh-dum dum dum I'm coming again and again a Ku-Fu vomit Gosh, darn it! Like we're lyin' to bits The John-John Jacob lyrical shaker Yes and Jengle-ma-heimershmitz I sings my lyrical style from Flatbush Quick to Greenwich Village I'm strong to the finish When I eats, me spinach I'm one of the lyrical flava My nigga Foxx is stompin faggots Check my dum-dum-dum-dum-dum and step Verse Three: Freddie Foxx Now I been breakin rappers down for a while now Now it's time to break, child Rappers get chopped like the head on a fat cow I'm mister micraphone, rappers can't fuck around I'm Freddie the Foxx I'll brake it back and buck em buck em down You know my rep I got a record like the turnpikes When I was young they use to call me Freddie-burn-mics But now they call me big Foxx, daddy boot-knocks With burn marks on my hips from my twin glocks Chorus (Queen Latifah) I got flava for days \ (KRS-One) Flava unit has a title   Repeats four times Roll With the Flava     / Verse Four: Queen Latifah Now it's about the time to put you out of sight and out of mind I got the skills to blast you off the mic and out of rhymes Now who the hell-am-I-a? The L-A-T-I-F-A-H the motherfuckin sire I come in on time You wear a silly grin we like we do when niggaz in We gotta practice so scalp the hairs off your chinny-chin-chin The Flava Unit's got my back, so I'm quick to start shit Get the short end of a bat, cause we beat him broken sticks Verse Five: Heavy D I-guy-guy-guy-guy-guy bet you never knew That I could flow I flew I grow I grew I blew up the spot, I'm sippin my props And now I am just passin through Ruff rugged rigid nigga, the one who's quick to figure Some think they're big, but the heavster is bigger The funky flip-flop flava unit, my hip-hop neigbor doin it Came to the studio, check my flow, and ran right through it I bet you thought I wouldn't come, I came I'm never done till I'm done rippin drums like a shotgun, ohh! Chorus Verse Six: D-Nice Now ladies, what's my name? (aaah) That means it's time to go I'm the same muuuhfucker from it's time to flow, so Some might have dissed the way I flow it out Niggaz need to throw it out Simply cause it's somethin you don't know about So watch the Nice man shake the ground And now I'm Rollin with the Flava cause The Flava's what I'm rollin in my sound To make you get down, rippin the sound from J.C. to Uptown Now Verse Seven: Dres Now if you got a nine, and you got a nine And you got a nine, and you got a nine And he got a nine, and she got a nine Well it's a motherflockin party yo cause I got mine So bust it the Black Sheep are (where?) here (where) Here (where) there, everywhere there's a Jeep There's a Sheep beat beatin up the air Graphic as illustratin frustratin like waitin The Sheep are a joke? Nigga you playin Yo I drink twenty forties, smoke forty blunts Say a hundred rhymes and not sound like you once Twice, three times, nigga never figured You'd be triggered by Dres, that R and B smokin nigga Doin it, screwin it, chewin it, well Done on the weak bun hon can't you tell Unification cells on the flava flingin If a Queen has the balls my lady is a King So long live the King, and love to my Unit Spoon it and you'll croon it, diss it, and yo balloon it Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D Album: Sprite Ad (1990) Song: I Like the Sprite in You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "I like the Sprite in you" [Heavy D] Ma-diddly I like the Sprite I am Heavy D and I'm very particular Others may try, but Sprite is pickier Lymon has the twist of unexpectedness The one you can't resist, number one on my list There's a lot of wannabees, runnin around town Some say they're up when they ain't even down Remember I am Heavy D, & the Boyz in my crew And we like the Sprite in you "I like the Sprite in you" A-diddly-diddly-diddly-diddly-diddly-diddly-D Artists: Stop the Violence All-Stars    KRS-One, Stetsasonic, Kool Moe Dee, MC Lyte, Just-Ice, Doug E. Fresh    Heavy D, Public Enemy Album: Self Destruction 12" Song: Self Destruction Chorus: Self-Destruction, ya headed for Self-Destruction 2X  [KRS-One] Well, today's topic, self destruction It really ain't the rap audience that's buggin It's one or two suckas, ignorant brothers Trying to rob and steal from one another You get caught in the mid So to crush the stereotype here's what we did We got ourselves together  so that you could unite and fight for what's right Not negative 'cause the way we live is positive We don't kill our relatives [MC Delight (Stetsasonic)] Pop pop pop when it's shot who's to blame? Headlines, front page, and rap's the name MC Delight here to state the bottom line That black-on-black crime was way before our time [Kool Moe Dee] Took a brother's life with a knife as his wife Cried cause he died a trifling death When he left his very last breath Was I slept so watch your step Back in the sixties our brothers and sisters were hanged How could you gang-bang? I never ever ran from the Ku Klux Klan and I shouldn't have to run from a black man cause that's Chorus [MC Lyte] Funky Fresh dressed to impress ready to party Money in your pocket, dying to move your body To get inside you paid the whole ten dollars Scotch taped with a razor blade taped to your collar Leave the guns and the crack and the knives alone MC Lyte's on the microphone Bum rushin and crushin, snatchin and taxin I cram to understand why brother's don't be maxin There's only one disco, they'll close one more You ain't guarding the door so what you got a gun for? Do you rob the rich and give to the poor? Yo Daddy-O, school em some more [Daddy-O, Wise (Stetsasonic)] Straight from the mouth of Wise and Daddy-o Do a crime end up in jail and gotta go Cause you could do crime and get paid today And tomorrow you're behind bars in the worst way Far from your family, cause you're locked away Now tell me, do you really think crime pays? Scheming on taking what your brother has? You little suckers.. you talkin' all that jazz. [D-Nice] It's time to stand together in a unity Cause if not then we're soon to be Self-destroyed, unemployed The rap race will be lost without a trace Or a clue but what to do Is stop the violence and kick the science Down the road that we call eternity Where knowledge is formed and you'll learn to be Self-sufficient, independent To teach to each is what rap intended But society wants to invade So do not walk this path they laid. It's Chorus [Ms. Melodie] I'm Ms. Melodie and I'm a born again rebel The violence in rap must cease and seckle If we want to develop and grow to another level We can't be guinea pigs for the devil The enemy knows, they're no fools Because everyone knows that hip-hop rules So we gotta get a grip and grab what's wrong The opposition is weak and rap is strong [Doug E. Fresh] This is all about, no doubt, to stop violence But first let's have a moment of silence *Fresh beatboxes*... swing Things been stated re-educated, evaluated THoughts of the past have faded The only thing left is the memories of our belated and I hate it, when Someone dies and gets all hurt up For a silly gold chain by a chump; WORD IP It doesn't make you a big man, and To want to go out and dis your brother man, and You don't know that's part of the plan Why? Cause rap music is in full demand. Understand Chorus [Just-Ice] My name is Just-Ice a man not a prankster I was known... as the gangster But believe me that is no fun The time is now to unite everyone You don't have to be soft to be for peace Robbin and killin and muderin is the least You don't have to be chained by the beast But party people it's time I release! [Heavy D] Aiyyo here's the situation: Idio[di]cy Nonsense, violence, not a good policy Therefore we must ignore, fightin and fussin Hev is at the door so there'll be no bum-rushin Let's get together so we'll be fallin apart I heard a brother shot another. It broke my heart I don't understand the difficulty, people Love your brother, treat him as an equal They call us animals mmm mmm I don't agree with them I'll prove them wrong, but right is what your proving them Take heed before I lead to what I'm sayin Or we'll all be on our knees, prayin [Fruitkwan (Stetsasonic) Yo Heavy D, deep in the heart of the matter The self-destruction is served on a platter Makin a day not failing to aniticipate They got greedy so they fell for the bait That makes them a victim, picked then plucked New jack in jail, but to the vets they're a duck There's no one to rob, cause in jail you're a number They never took the time to wonder about Chorus [Chuck D, Flavor Flav (Public Enemy)] Yes we urge to merge we live for the love Of our people the hope that they get along (Yeah, so we did a song) Getting the point to our brothers and sisters Who don't know the time (boyyyee, so we wrote a rhyme) It's dead in your head, you know, I'll drive to build And collect ourselves with intellect, come on To revolve to evolve to self-respect Cause we got to keep ourselves in check  Or else it's... Chorus Artist: Stop the Violence All-Stars  (D-Nice, DJ Ready Red, Doug E. Fresh, Heavy D, Just-Ice, Kool Moe Dee,  KRS-One, MC Lyte, Ms. Melodie, Public Enemy, Stetsasonic) Album: Self Destruction VLS Song: Self-Destruction (Extended Mix) Typed by: dy_face@hotmil.com [Intro: Malcolm X - from Message To The Grassroots, Nov 10th 1963, Detroit, MI] We all agree tonight, all of the speakers have agreed; That America has a very serious problem. Not only does America has a very serious problem, But our people have a very serious problem America's problem is.. SELF DESTRUCTION!! [Chorus: All together X4] Self-Destruction, you headed for Self-Destruction  [KRS-One] Well, today's topic, self destruction It really ain't the rap audience that's bugging It's one or two suckers, ignorant brothers Trying to rob and steal from one another You get caught in the mid So to crush that stereotype here's what we did We got ourselves together  So that you could unite and fight for what's right Not negative, cause.. the way we live is positive We don't kill our relatives [MC Delight (Stetsasonic)] Pop pop pop, when it's shot who's to blame? Headlines, front page, and Rap's the name MC Delight here to state the bottom line That Black-on-Black crime was way before our time [Kool Moe Dee] Took a brother's life with a knife as his wife  Cried cause he died a trifling death When he left his very last breath Was I slept so watch your step Back in the sixties our brothers and sisters were hanged How could you gang-bang? I never ever ran from the Ku Klux Klan And I shouldn't have to run from a black man Cause that's.. SELF DESTRUCTION!! [Chorus: All together X4] "Uno, dos, tres, cuatro -----> Sample of EPMD's It's Time 2 Party" [MC Lyte] Funky Fresh dressed to impress, ready to party Money in your pocket, dying to move your body To get inside, you paid the whole ten dollars Scotch taped with a razor blade, taped to your collar Leave the guns and the crack and the knives alone MC Lyte's on the microphone Bum-rushing and pushing, snatching and taxing I cram to understand why brother's don't be maxing There's only one disco, they'll close one more You ain't guarding the door, so what you got a gun for? Do you rob the rich and give to the poor? Yo Daddy-O, school them some more [Daddy-O & Wise (Stetsasonic)] This.. this is straight from the mouth, of Wise and Daddy-o Do a crime, end up in jail and gotta go Cause you could do crime and get paid today And tomorrow you're behind bars in the worst way Far from your family, cause you're locked away Now tell me, do you really think crime pays? Scheming on taking what your brother has? You little suckers.. you're talking all that jazz [D-Nice] It's time to stand together in a unity Cause if not then we're soon to be Self-destroyed, unemployed The rap race will be lost without a trace Or a clue but what to do Is stop the violence and kick the science Down the road that we call eternity Where knowledge is formed and you'll learn to be Self-sufficient, independent To teach to each is what rap intended But society wants to invade So do not walk this path that they laid It's.. SELF DESTRUCTION!! [Chorus: All together X4] [Interlude: Grand Wizard DJ Ready Red (Geto Boys)] D-Nice.. BREAK IT DOWN LIKE THIS!! Children grow and women produce and men go work and some go stealing [Ms. Melodie] I'm Ms. Melodie and I'ma born again rebel The violence in rap must cease and seckle If we want to develop and grow to another level We can't be guinea pigs for the devil The enemy knows, they're no fools Because everyone knows, that Hip-Hop rules So we got to get a grip and grab what's wrong The opposition is weak and rap is strong [Doug E. Fresh] This is all about, no doubt, to stop violence But first let's have a moment of silence (*Fresh beatboxes*)... swing Things been stated, re-educated, evaluated Thoughts of the past have faded The only thing left is the memories, of our belated And I hate it, when.. someone dies and gets all hurt up For a silly gold chain by a chump; "WORD UP" It doesn't make you a big man, and To want to go out and dis your brother man, and You don't know, that's part of the plan, Why?  Cause rap music is in full demand, understand? [Chorus: All together X2] [Just-Ice] My name is Just-Ice a man not a prankster I was known... as the gangster But believe me that is no fun The time is now to unite everyone You don't have to be soft to be for peace Robbing and killing and mudering is the least You don't have to be chained by the beast But party people it's time I release! [Heavy D] Aiyyo, here's the situation: Idio[di]cy Nonsense, violence, not a good policy Therefore, we must ignore, fighting and fussing Hev is at the door so there'll be no bum-rushing Let's get together because we're falling apart I heard a brother shot another, it broke my heart I don't understand the difficulty, people Love your brother, treat him as an equal They call us animals, mmm mmm.. I don't agree with them I'll prove them wrong, but right is what your proving them Take heed before I lead to what I'm saying Or we'll all be on our knees, praying [Fruitkwan (Stetsasonic) Yo Heavy D, deep in the heart of the matter The Self-destruction is served on a platter Making a day, not failing to aniticipate They got greedy so they fell for the bait That makes them a victim, picked then plucked New jack in jail, but to the vets they're a duck There's no one to rob, cause in jail you're a number They never took the time to wonder, about.. SELF DESTRUCTION!! [Chorus: All together X2] [Chuck D & Flavor Flav (Public Enemy)] Yes, we urge to merge, we live for the love of our people  The hope that they get along (Yeah, so we did a song) Getting the point to our brothers and sisters Who don't know the time (boyyyee, so we wrote a rhyme) It's dead in your head, you know our job is to build And collect ourselves with intellect, come on To revolve to evolve to self-respect Cause we got to keep ourselves in check Or else it's... SELF DESTRUCTION!! [Chorus: All together X2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D f/ Buju Banton Album: Who's the Man? Soundtrack Song: Hotness Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Buju Banton] (Heavy D) Hotness is di girls dem motto! (Heavy D and Buju Banton seh so!!!) Girls stretch out!!!!!!! And mek dis yu daily routine!!! (Mek dem know!!!) Watch out!!! (Eh heh eh heh eh heh!!!) [Chorus: Buju Banton] (Heavy D) Man a slip and man a slide man a jump and man a run (Hmmm! Gal yuh body hot and yu a shine like di sun) Man a watch and man a peep how yu a run tings dis year (Yo! Gal true yuh body ready yu a flop gal career) [Verse One: Buju Banton] Mi haffi wonda if a hotness a yuh callin Mek yu dress up and a model a since mornin Boss pon di road and leff nuff people bawlin 'Bout dem a wide eye a yawn dem a yawnin [Verse Two: Heavy D] I could not believe how woman look so appaulin Gal yu look good mi haffi get yuh fi mi darlin Eyes dem a glisten just like sunday mornin Bumpa spread out dem titties ice like a Poland [Verse Three: Buju Banton] Gal from oonu hot listen up dis is a warnin From a guy now willin to spend out 'til last fallin Run wey di bwoy gal yuh nah beg nuh pardon Nah get fi hungry mek him know yuh not starvin WHY! [Chorus: Buju Banton] (Heavy D) Man a slip and man a slide man a jump and man a run (Hmmm! Gal yuh body hot and yu a shine like di sun) Man a watch and man a peep how yu a run tings dis year (YO! True yuh body ready yu a flop gal career) [Verse Four: Heavy D] Woman a steam up, nails well polished complexion clean Age might a big but yu look like a teen Man a bruk dem neck and when yu deh pon di scene Wid di fashionable earrings dem yu have in Hairstyle a mek yu look like beauty queen Stretch out and model gal pickney and scream! [Verse Five: Buju Banton] (Heavy D) Woman yu look like somethin from outta mi dream Pretty like di gal dem inna fashion magazine How yu one shape so, woman yu a beam Look how she tan now, caan come between Plot and chat about yu find out di scheme  (Some gal fi gweh!!!) Dem a hot hardly angry True yu wear di latest style weh come in Dem a try (?) up like dem do Christine (True yu a hot up di scene!!!) [Chorus: Buju Banton] (Heavy D) Man a slip and man a slide man a jump and man a run (Gal yuh body hot and yu a shine like di sun) Man a watch and man a peep how yu a run tings dis year (YO! True yuh body ready yu a flop gal career) [Verse Six: Buju Banton] (Heavy D) Weh yuh do?! Flop dem, stop dem, gal yuh gone a lead (Nuff man a look yu but dem a know yuh speed) Hold up yuh hand gal yuh proud a yuh deed (Hotness yu know yu come from good breed) Body look good yu have weh every man need  (And yuh plantation a weh mi waan sew yuh seed) [Chorus: Buju Banton] (Heavy D) Man a slip and man a slide man a jump and man a run (Gal yuh body hot and yu a shine like di sun) Man a watch and man a peep how yu a run tings dis year (Hmmm! True yuh body ready yu a flop gal career) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Bub f/ Heavy D, Queen Latifah Album: Need Your Love 12" Song: Need Your Love Ha ha, yeah, Big Bub, nine seven Yo Latifah, do you [Queen Latifah] We used to dream of a nice hot cruise for weeks While my high sex drive rocks you to sleep Watching mystic continuously  Your stock rose immediately when you was with me You wanted the lace, the leather Since the days I had the jetta You chased the chedder And like whatever we face and whether double ballers They ain't no playa's till they saw us Pushing the tall bus tell 'em we're twin porche's [Big Bub] Girl I am diggin you you're diggin me Let's make this happen The things I want to do to you  Your mind just can't imagine I want to show you bigger faces Take you diffent places I need you in my life  So baby won't you be my lady [Big Bub] I want your love (yeah) I need your love I need you with me I want your love (yeah) I need your love Oh, baby I'm on another level Can't you see that I'm no player Meet your desires, take you higher like an elevator And here's the bottom line No one can ever love you better If you like what you're hearing  Girl let's get together I want your love (oh yeah) I need your love I need you with me I want your love (yeah) I need your love I'll give a million dollars to have you babe I want your love (oh yeah, yeah) I need your love Because I need your love, yeah I want your love (oh yeah) I need your love  Heavy heavy heavy yeah [Heavy D] Hey yo boo You take some time and vibe with me Now jump in the car and ride with me She said water bed I like when you inside of me Cuz you belly all big and you so fly to me Now shorty takes trips and various whips Her phone flips likes style lavish Playin' the cabin, word the mother  That's my nigga Big Bub I want your love, I need your love [Big Bub] Whoa baby, yeah  I want your love (yeah) I need your love I'll give a million dollars to have you I want your love (Yes I will baby) I need your love (Know I will be there) Ohhh, I need your love I want your love (Cuz I need your love) I need your love (cuz I need your love) I want you in my life baby I want your love (yeah) I need your love Baby baby baby follow me Because I nee dyou Gotta have your love I need you I want your love I need your love (ooh, yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige Album: What's the 411? Song: Leave a Message Puff Daddy: You better be home Mary B's answering machine: Yo, whatsup, this is Mary, I'm not home, leave a message, peace Puff Daddy: Yo mary, it's Puff, pick up the phone nigga Hey yo Mary, it's Puff, hey, yo Mary yo, you got studio tonight, 8 o'clock, Hit Factory, in the mall, you gotta um, you gotta do this video shoot, get back to me...Yo I know you there man, pick up!! Shit, get back to me man, beep me, peace Kool Dj Red Alert: Mary, Maary, Mary, Mary, yo yo Mary, yo Mary, yo Mar-Mary, Mary, It's me, me, me, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Kool Dj Red Alert, check this out, Mary, Mary, check this out, I wanna get with you later on, because I heard that you got it goin on with the whack, yeah give me some vinyl I heard about this album, you can't be doin this, Mary, Mary, we got to get together, c'mon, we gonna get around, you gonna have some drinks, gonna toss it up, ya know just tell me when ya want me comin over, ya know, then check it out, I don't have no limo but I got a skateboard, four wheel drive yo, we gonna get expensive alright, Mary, Mary, please Mary, you better let me sign up, ok? And the Puba's here too, cya! Christopher: Yo Mary this is Christopher Williams, call me back cause I just heard your album and I'm real interested in you doing a duet with me, Puffy got my number so get back with me alright? Peace Jamie Brown: Mary, Mary quite contrary, this is Jamie Brown from sister to sister, girl I just heard the record, I loved it, I wanna see you, I wanna meet you to see how you vibe, call me, ok? Eric Sermon: Yo Mary Blige, whatsup? This is Eric Sermon, MC Grand for ya, just wanna say whatsup. Good luck, cya. Andre: Mary whatsup? This is Andre Harrel, CEO, Chairman, Founder Uptown Records, I just wanted ta call ya letcha know that I heard ya album, you are outta outta here baby, peace, I'll cya number one. Heavy D: Yo Mary, this is Hev, where you at? Trying to see whatsup for the evening, give me a call, peace. Maceo: Hey Mary, whatsup Mary? Whatsup Mary, this is Maceo, (you) said you were gonna take that trip to Pluto with me, whatsup? Yo, give me a call later, peace Dj Clark Kent: Hey yo Mary J., this is Clark Kent, I just heard that album, dag, can I get like ten copies? That's for all my crew, make sure they playin it, I'm gonna run you ta death, you over baby, I'm gone. Kurt Juice: Yo Mary whatsup, this is Kurt Juice, Yo, whatsup, what's happening? You're late, c'mon, hurry up, hurry up, we gotta go get this money Little Shawn: Yo Mary whatsup? This is Little Shawn. When you get in, give me a call, or better yet beep me. peace. C.L. Smooth: Yo whatsup Mary J., this is C.L. Smooth, I'm down at the studio doing this remix, just come down there and lay down some vocals for me, aight baby? Call me when you get in, peace. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Guy f/ Heavy D Album: The Future Song: Do Me Right Typed by: Tha Lyricz Finisha Do Me Right (Heavy D) Ayo Teddy you ready (Teddy) Yep Yep Ayo nasty man your ready (Aaron) Oohhh yeaha What about you crazy legs? (Damion) You know I'm steppin Well yo let put this together and let all the girls know how we wanna be done (Heavy D) Now would you mind if I laid you down and licked you lovely Made your body sticky with some bumble bee honey And tickled your fancy with my finger or a feather? Worry not, my lover The Heavster is clever Now I'd like to hold you and squeeze you tight But don't turn into an acrobat and flip over night 'Cause we can go on if the lovin is strong But I'd really hate to have to write a do me wrong song Do Me Right (Repeat 4X) (Aaron Hall) I dream of you all the time when I wake up there's a smile on my face and when we get together Girl I just don't know what to say why is it hello kiss goodbye really making me feel low can you tell me what is on your mind I just got to know What is goin on? can you tell me where do we go from here? Wanna bring you close bring you in my heart I wanna know that you're my girl but girl you gotta treat me right (Chorus #1 Background Vocals) Do me right I just wanna be your man I want you be my girl why don't you just do me right? (Chorus #1 Aaron) Do me right, I wanna be your man Bring you close to me Why don't you do me, do me right? Girl ya know, girl ya know, I wanna be your man (Aaron Hall) Such a sticky situation But I think that we should take that chance So many plans we've got ahead Let's forget about the past We can get to making love and romance Girl you're something else I wanna get with you, believe me girl I wanna hold you close Keep you in my heart I gotta know that you're my girl Girl, you gotta treat me right (Repeat Chorus #1 Background Vocals 2x) (Chorus #2 Aaron) Oh yeah yeah Be my girl, oh-oh Why don't you do me, do me right? Girl ya know, girl ya know.. (Random Girl :Who's on the phone) (Heavy D) Well it's caller number one What's the matter? Don't you recognize my voice, honey bun? Oh, I understand You were half sleep Now wait a minute- Who's beeper just beeped? I know it ain't mine Mine's is on my hip Now tell me you didn't flip On the honey dipped ya pocket trip It's time to get ya heart broke Honey, I smell smoke You thought he was dope so you took a toke? So here's the news, I'm ghost I'm outta here, long gone The lover went left So honey you stay strong; And when you wake up in the middle of the night I'll be with her 'cause she She'll do me right! Do me right (Bridge Background Vocals) Do me right Be my girl (Repeat Chorus #1 Background Vocals 2x) (Chorus #3 Aaron) Do me right! Ho-oh, yeah baby Promise I will do the right things for you Please baby, be my girl I don't want nobody else Oh I've got to have your love right now Oh do me right Do me right now baby I can't wait no longer Ho-oh-oh, do me right, baby, oh-oh-oh.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Janet Jackson f/ Heavy D Album: Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814 Song: Alright * Typed by: Tha Lyricz Finisha * the rap verse was recorded for the music video Don't worry about a thing Whatever happens whatever may come whatever may be its cool I got it covered beloved from A to Z I'm the overweight lover, heavy Bum-diddle-lee-dee D and you can flip on a trip but it's alright with me If things were meant to be, to be meant and what I am here to represent is excellence if you need any help open your eyes and its Heavy D that you will see cause you're alright with me Seeing that your love's true Never I'll doubt you My heart belongs to you That's alright with me Worlds could end around me So in love that I can't see You and me were meant to be That's alright with me Friends come and friends may go My friend, you're real I know True self you have shown You're alright with me Through thick and thick to thin I'll love you till the end You know it's true my friend You're alright with me Catch a fallin' star that shines Make a wish clap 3 times Dreams come true it's in the mind That's alright with me Your wish is my command Never thought I'd fall in love again Again with my best friend That's alright with me Friends come and friends may go My friend, you're real I know True self you have shown You're alright with me Through thick and thick to thin I'll love you till the end You know it's true my friend You're alright with me Always and everlasting This love is just not passing We're happy as can be Alright with me Friends come and friends may go My friend, you're real I know True self you have shown You're alright with me Through thick and thick to thin I'll love you till the end You know it's true my friend You're alright with me (Heavy D) Now be it thick as a milkshake Or thin as a cornflake I love you to death but I ain't pressed with a heartbreak And anyway who cares about what other people talk about I rather hear it from the horse's mouth See I believe in, being believed in No love life for low ties is all paper thin But watch for the trickery some people are slippery They appear making history disappear like a mystery It ain't your fault but you're a walking bank vault The people of life make life bitter as salt They say what they want to say play how they want to play But you got to live your life day by day In order to survive you overlook and overcome selfish attitude or lack of gratitude from the dumb It ain't easy being you and everything you want to be But whatever you do is alright with me the bon-diddlely-dee. The overweight lover MC, the cap the rapper hand clap, foot tap; Heavy D, dee, dee, dee The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Michael Jackson f/ Heavy D Album: Dangerous Song: Jam Typed by: Tha Lyricz Finisha (Michael Jackson) Nation to nation, all the world, must come together Face the problems that we see Then maybe somehow we can work it out I asked my neighbor, for a favor, she said later What has come of, all the people, have we lost love of what it's about I have to find my peace cuz no one seems to let me be False prophets cry of doom, what are the possibilities I told my brother there'll be problems Times and tears for fears We must live each day like it's the last (Chorus) Go with it, go with it, jam It ain't too much stuff It ain't too much It ain't too much for me to, jam It ain't, it ain't too much stuff It ain't, don't you, it ain't too much for me to (Michael Jackson) The world keeps changing rearranging minds And thoughts predictions fly of doom The baby boom has come of age, we'll work it out I told my brothers don't you ask me for no favors I'm conditioned by the system Don't you talk to me don't scream and shout She pray to God, to Buddha Then she sings a Talmud song Confusions contradict to self Do we know right from wrong I just want you to recognize me In the temple you can't hurt me I found peace within myself (Chorus 2x) (Heavy D) Jam jam, here comes the man Hot damn, the big boy stands Movin' up a hand, making funky tracks With my man, Michael Jackson Smooth Criminal, here's the man, Mike's so relaxed Mingle mingle jingle, in the jungle Bum rushed the door, 3 and 4's in a bundle Execute the plan, first I cooled like a fan Got with Janet, then with Guy Now with Michael, cause it ain't hard to (Chorus to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: McGruff Album: Destined to Be (and U-N-I vs. All LP) Song: Many Know Typed by: rah_rd@yahoo.com Come on ungh ungh hit em phat what  come on just like that ungh yo yo I sip on X-O  collect dough leave your whole block wetto bust out my glock gecko  got you petro hold your heart and don't let go meet your doom as soon as that heat go boom  gun slinga relay only on one finger the one that's itchie your son hit me I wan't my gun wit me they got harlem world like gun city y'all know who dumb gritty y'all know who come wit the glicky for fun strickly  front you'll get stung quickly pistol whipped up you know what's next if you get up I did it in what mapped the join an hid in the cut an after that black slid wit yo slut an nigga what [Chorus-Heavy D] Many niggas know that we be fly harlem workd baby do or die swimmin in tha chocha we be high niggas can't see us so why try Yo aiyo gruff hot CD sell like drug spot  mouth weedy smell eyes blood shot buc pop look at feds takin mug shots real niggas move swift na ta duck cops you know how we go play tha lelo in Montego[pause]Bay puff dro head all day moet all day sweat all day  ain't nothin changed still got my ghetto ways I'ma be gruff even when i'm dead or gray do my thing in hip-hop get this bread off yay keep my wolves wit me might have ta let off spray so niggas better watch what you said or say or pass away so called bad niggas won't last a day wit gruff baby a.k.a. cashius clay mister leagal check my record in the three two BCT who dat he be me Yeah yo release hatred release favorite picture gruff walk da streets naked my dessert eagle be diesel niggas fiebel yo money when you get some evil I live illegal bust hot ones get rid of people cats don't learn frontin and there gat don't burn you talkin myth stylin wit a big fo fifth son yo soft and never did your gun go off keep it real for all my guns up north gruff lenox harlem world 139 fuckin lenox buck relentless till they put me up in bentess  funeral home squezze put two in your dome ever since I was young  I was influenced wit chrome now I smoke haze reminisce of broke days sippin on that old lemon twist an roseay's get publishin screw when the coke raise use to ball keys now I collect raw tee's  what nigga [Chorus x4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: McGruff f/ Heavy D, Shay Best Album: Destined to Be Song: What Cha Doin to Me Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com [McGruff] Now check it, uptown kid on the record Who you thought? Who you expected? Gruff number one, get layed, lust in the sun Now I'm gettin paid without bustin my gun Make music, but still in I say boot it But still in all I stay looted, still in all I'm the slick cat that Heav' recruited No one see platinum and then play stupid Harlem's on the rise now, you surprised now For those who slept, bet they recognize now Can't hold us, can't stand to see my Ro' wristband wit boulders Can't withstand my soldiers, told ya We gon' explode like Oklahoma Put the rap game in the yoke and the coma Feel fame comin closer, photograph name on poster Dame in the Rover [Chorus: Shay Best] What cha doin to me? Keep comin baby How you makin me feel, keep comin baby [McGruff] Yo give it to ya hardcore, but never raw baby Be on tour crazy, leave shows wit three or four ladies Tryin to stroke out, stand up, poke out Let the smoke out, let the loke out Sexin broke out, rock begets no doubt Niggas wanna be playas but just no clout Man bubbly refresh my mouth besides that been fresh before fresh was out Check it out, check my background, check how I'm layin my mack down Check the store near you, for the hound phat sound Herb could flow, you ain't the first to know Watch me burst and blow, cuz I'm thirst for dough No question G, millionaire destined to be Tucks no less than a g, who fresher than me? Or Heavy D, check the pedigree From uptown to Beverly, papes be steady, see [Hook 2X: Heavy D] Ooh rougher than rough, big M, little C, Gruff You can't get enough, say what [McGruff] Gruff official, what the deal nigga, bust the Crystal Bust the style, baby lust the style Dutch your Isle, knowhatimean? Philly two mile Nowadays niggas really be foul What's goin on out there? Is all I hear Black on black crime, and you know the law don't care War out there, almost got caught out there But I didn't, so I gotta thank the Lord out there, cuz there is one Know people listen to my songs in they system Know people think I don't belong in prison Lord forgive 'em, please, for all that sinnin Puffin weed and tossin women [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Beenie Man, Heavy D Album: Soul Survivor Song: Massive (Hold Tight) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] Well right about now yuh entertained by di sound called Creation Disco Tech Yes bredda bredda cool runnings now! [Heavy D] Ha ha! Hear dat! Yeah! Uh! Now in comes, wid di part two sounds wid di man like Heavy D come to bounce and go down Well well now mi have to get di crown have to get di crown Pete! Rock! So it go! WATCH IT!!! [Verse One: Heavy D] Water, new name, same nigga, Hev Digga Steady spittin phlegm, on them boot camp figure Trust me, hate to look since the luchi, believe me Keep 'em fondlin they coochie, everytime they see me I sip Henny, so I piss Henny, with the Coke back and lemon twist Ambidextrous, when it comes to ice on my wrist Diamonds, I like dem  Rings plati-num, cousin been had dem So bring ya whole crew star mi nuh 'fraid a dem Ugly gal CHO! We nuh waan none a dem So bring ya whole crew star mi nuh 'fraid a dem Ugly gal CHO! We nuh waan none a dem, hear mi friend, yea! [Chorus: Beenie Man] Dem! Bwoy! Gal! Dem come tell we a di gal dem man Heavy D, Pete Rock and Beenie Man Three a we together come fi rule di station [Verse Two: Beenie Man] Well after all, siddung in mi yard I get this big phone call Heavy D call mi fi go ram a dancehall When mi reach upon di scene mi see every man a ball Woman throw dem out cau it a girl roll call Woman all stand up pon di wall After dat, would not believe it it's a girl's sunsplash How Jamaican and New York girl dem so hot Woman weh maaga, woman weh fat Di whole a dem a jump pon mi back Just realized, this is di remedy doctor prescribed Woman now a cool seh she waan di ruff ride Waan Heavy D weh have di big van a drive Loud music come fi mek noise...but! HEY HEY HEY HEY!!!! [Bridge] Well right about now yuh entertained by di sound called Creation Disco Tech Yes bredda bredda cool runnings now! [Chorus: Beenie Man] Dem! Bwoy! Gal! Dem come tell we a di gal dem man Heavy D, Pete Rock and Beenie Man Three a we together come fi rule di station Dem! Bwoy! Gal! Dem come tell we a di gal dem man Listen this yah DJ siddung pon di versiiiiiioooooonnnnnn!!! [Verse Three: Heavy D] It's like lightnin and thunda yu haffi wonda why Weh di rasclaat mek Heavy D so fly Coulda walk when yu drop yu coulda climb to di sky But yu haffi know there's only one I An I Nuff man a puff sensi and get high Nuff gal see mi, drop dead and waan cry Yu know seh Daddy Heavy fly God dat nuh lie Anyting mi dun mi haffi dun it 'til mi die Oh my! Mi seh oh my oh my Gal dem love mi cau mi fly Love mi and mi don't know why, yes, lawd mi seh Oh my! Oh my oh my! Nuff gal love mi 'til dem cry, dem don't waan Heavy D to die I an I so fly, dat's right [Outro: Heavy D] Dat's right, Yeah! Pete Rock! Yeah! Yeah! Daddy Heavy! Yeah! Yeah! A so it go! Yeah! Wah! All Jamaicans All Haitians! Puerto Ricans! Every can! African! Every woman! Every man! Mi love yu love yu love yu like love cooked food Hi! Goodbye! Goodbye! [Beenie Man] Dem! Bwoy! Gal! Dem! Bwoy! Gal! (Dem bwoy gal) Dem! Bwoy! Gal! (Dem bwoy gal) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & CL Smooth f/ Heavy D, Rob-O, Grap Lover and Dida Album: Mecca and the Soul Brother Song: The Basement Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pete Rock] Ahh yeahh!! Feel the funk bay-beeee!! That's right, this is called The Basement! And my man CL Smooth kick it for you like this.. [CL Smooth] From the Heights, not what am I write, simple I can do this Like Popeye to Brutus, I'm your host like a stewardess Fly with the neighborhood hi-jackin fella So prepare for landing, and crash into a cellar Bodies in the buddha cloud, misty in the tune Like a show all nights, a figure eight in a lagoon With Pete Rock, the complete lock and beat stop Now all the horny heffers wanna dangle on my *errr!* Down by the dungeon with the cracks on the wall Buffoon I'm like a mink while you're soon to pimp a raccoon stole Vocal arrangement, ready set to hit the pavement But not before the kid leave The Basement [Pete Rock] The Basement, put the Funk in Grand Here comes my man My brother.. Grap Lover, get wreck cousin, c'mon [Grap Lover] Call me the Grap Lover, yes, the younger Soul Brother Keep your eyes on the prize cause you won't find another When the funk is played, the rhyme I display Quick to bust a ditz so don't slip in the way of the kid, with the flavor, the party people saviour Clockin all the honies, eyes sharp like a razor I kick a dance step, you're soon to discover Yo, that's the kid from "Mecca and the Soul Brother" Yeah once in a while I be with CL on the DL or I flow with Pete, and find my placement in The Basement The Basement, yes where the beats and the rhymes flow Peace I gotta go, Grapster's out the door of The Basement [Pete Rock] Of the Basement! Next we got.. a special guest I ain't gonna tell you who it is..  C'mon.. rap along.. [Heavy D] Tick tock tick, things are gettin - thick Here comes the Heavster, and I know it makes ya - sick! To see a black man gettin paid on the regular Car with the cellular, fellas I'm tellin ya I got plots and plans, pots and pans Stocks and grands, so make room for the big man I walk the streets in peace and I'm never strapped But I know a crew of Young Gunz that'll send you back So easy does it on the DL Peace to Pete Rock, and the Mecca Don CL Heavy D's on this track, lettin you know there's no replacement Peace signin off, check one two straight from The Basement [Pete Rock] Straight from The Basement I'm tellin you now, kid It's crazy fat I wonder who this is comin up? Fourth but not least, the backbone of the Wig Out Freestyle, crazy hardcore, no sellout Speakin, upon where I dwell from the dungeon All over the U.S. states, even London Pasttime present, black to the future Swimmin in beats like a Dolphin, so call me Don Shula A Raider well like Art Shell, crazy defense A Pro Bowl with soul for local events The crew name is CL Smooth and Pete Rock Here to sail when I prevail and stare into the dock The Pimp Daddy of the funk flavor, catch you later Clever like a secret agent comin from The Basement That's right, crazy funky Aww my man He's crazy funky, his name is Rob-O, check him out [Rob-O] Ali-kazaam, you'll never guess what I am Motto is that nothin ever changes but haircuts and kicks to stacks of vocal breaks life pays when kid said, "Pete makes beats in The Basement" Cold hit, the pavement, over to the chill side The real side, the 7-7 hillside I thought I'd just chill, take a breath Straight up Columbus Hill, make a left and get fixed, plus the ghetto chicks got flicks of me stacks of kicks, my joint's bumpin lovely Walkin down the street, much props, on the ? I hear voices sayin, "That's Rob-O'Dingo in The Basement" [Pete Rock] Ahh ha ha ha! Hah yeah! This is funky! I can feel it My man from the Vernon, his name is Di-da, make it raw [Dida] Fly like an eagle, a seagull Always into somethin, like Snoopy, the Beagle People, grab a tight hold of the sound Hard, snatchin raw papes off the shelves Blowin up spots from state to state I'm comin to town but you just can't wait Check the station, for conversation at six-block Uno here, to put suckers in the mix I get deeper than oceanography Thinkin of crazy shit, like psychology So speak the piece, then slide like grease The beat is fat, but the rhyme is obese in The Basement [Pete Rock] In The Basement, is where I dwell Check the MC's swell Cause I am, crazy funky, with CL Smooth My man ?, Rob-O, G-R baby pah The Heavster, my brother Grap Lover Everybody.. *fades out, can't hear it* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Queen Latifah f/ Heavy D, KRS-One, Treach (Naughty by Nature) Album: Black Reign Song: Superstar Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Heavy D]  This one goes out to the Rough and Rugged motherfuckers out there You know what I'm saying? "Yes, Baby" Strictly on the Latifah tip, you know what I'm saying? Rough like this!! [Latifah]  ... nothing about this here, yo, this is queen Latifah in the house I got my boy Heavy D, my boy Treach And my boy KRS-One in the house to rip some shit with me right quick [Verse One: Treach] The quicker committee getting witty for bitty cause the war ain't one Dis the city where I'm from, I'll glue your titties to your tongue It's out, like the sweet, it's big big hit The Black Bleep, the blip, smoking shit with mad misfits The one man, one mold, Murder one, one murder gold One hard headache to hold, word to god; it's good as Gold If it ain't rough, it ain't ashy and Brick Thick And if it ain't nasty, Naughty's pissing on your picnic Rough is the place, the space, knuckle which way you think Here to put a fat black nose on the Black Sphinx I don't shoot to get pimples order your Christmas I shot St. Nick, cause stuff for the kids I ain't get No One under seventeen admitted, so I came eighteen deep You can raid but you can't fade me queen Pee if it ain't rough, it ain't rugged And if you can't hear it, you can't dub it, or rough it [Chorus: Treach & "Latifah" X2] If it ain't rough "I could do without it" If it ain't rough "Just throw it to the curb" If it ain't rough "He could do without it" If it ain't rough "It's working my nerves" [Verse Two: Heavy D] Tell me how you like it? "Rough"  Tell me how you need it? "Rough"  Tell me how you keep it? "Rough"  Tell me how you want it? "Rough" It's going on... tuck away your entire stuff I'm coming tough, rugged and rough, from a blunt, take puff  Uhh.. never joke with a tech nine Harder than a sex mob next time, flex when it's my time I'll take a chump or a champ, a clamp or a zamp  so now the rolly polly, holly molly, now I'm magnificent Skip to my lewd, gather up your crew Let the heavy setters show you what a nigga could really do  Today, We all know about body bags But seems everybody brags about being tough; catch a body tag Knowing well, they just cream puffs  Talking tough, cause they've stuff, it's a bluff They ain't tough, they ain't nothing [Chorus: Treach & "Latifah" with minor Variations - X2] [Verse Three: KRS One] Check it out!! COME ON!! Follow me now massive, follow me now massive!  Follow me crew, follow me crew KRS-One in the party just like Agwan wanna "Ease off!!" Here we go, yo, you know the flow I get low and high, you know Why you wanna flow with the pro?  Ohh.. No No No No No No No!  Breaking rappers in half, by the ass is my only task Gold and Platinum Plaques will pass, only talent will last I come to the party prepared to kick ass!! You come to the party well prepared then get scared You're through and need stitching up, you and your crew start bitching up Where you gonna live where I'm not stomping it?  I really believe you're a wee bit over confident On MTV, you wanna down rate me quick, yeah, I'm a hypocrite When you're in my face, you're on my dick Consequently your lyrics don't flip, don't get a grip You're straight on that sucker shit [Chorus: Treach & "Latifah" with minor Variations - X2] [Verse Four: Queen Latifah] Here comes the queen I'll make a woman on the track  Get attracted like a fiend to the beat so I rap You're looking for a friend to the end Well, that's me, but if you're looking for a gangster bitch That's exactly what you're gonna see Ain't no way, ain't no say, this ain't your lucky day So go pray, now you pay, cause I don't FUCKING play Matter fact, I think Ice-T, he put it just right "You dis me on record, you see me fight" Just throw up the joint, and get to the point And cut all the talk, the BS can walk Cause I ain't out here to waste my breath You test my skills, you're getting put to your death Listen, I'm sick of all the huff, puff blow your house down bullshit I heard last week, you get your ass beat So Watch the way you approach the Queen If it ain't rough; I'll send that ass to the guillotines [Chorus: Treach & "Latifah" with minor Variations - X2] [Outro: KRS-One Overlapping the Chorus] BOOYAKKAH!! BOOYAKKAH!! BOOYAKKAH!! BOOYAKKAH!! Yo, Latifah is back in effect y'all One Queen!! ~ that's right One Queen!! First lady in the house All other queens can get deadly overthrown All hail to the queen!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Super Cat f/ Heavy D, Frankie Paul Album: Don Dada Song: Big and Ready Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Heavy D] All massive hold tight sekkle yuhself man like Heavy D pon di mic Super Cat and Frankie Paul....Come in! [Super Cat]: Let love go people let a love a stay But a let a love a people shine a bright along di way [Chorus: Frankie Paul] (Heavy D) Big, badda we are (SAY WHAT!!) A we nuh want, no bodyguard, no! Big, badda we are, mi back a hurt, mi mi want a girl fi massage [Heavy D] (Super Cat) (*Frankie Paul): So tell mi who Don Dada mon a who run tings?! (Yu! Heavy D Jah mon a yu a run tings!) Mon tell mi who, Don Dada who run tings?! (Well I tell yu Mr. F.P. a him a run tings!) (*But I know mi, Mr. Cat and Heavy D a run tings!) Mon a lie yu a tell a Frankie Paul a run tings! [Verse One: Super Cat] This is Mr. Cat I nice up yuh party Special request a to di one Heav D Di girl dem a seh a Heavy D him sexy And everyweh dem see we dem get so horny  [Verse Two: Heavy D] Mon a true seh mi big, but mi pretty and mi cute Any dance a weh mi go mi haffi get gun salute And big big respect to all a di ghetto yute Who dress up inna silk and a criss Bally boot [Chorus: Heavy D] (Super Cat) (*Frankie Paul): So tell mi who, Don Dada mon a who run tings?! (Yu! Heavy D Jah mon a yu a run tings!) Mon tell mi who, Don Dada who a run tings?! (Mek mi tell yu Mr. F.P. a him a run tings!) (*But I know mi, Mr. Cat and Heavy D a run tings!) Then di three a we don di three a we a run tings! [Frankie Paul] (Heavy D) Big, badda we are (SAY WHAT!!) A we nuh want, no bodyguard, no! (YES MAN!) Big, badda we are, mi want a girl fi give mi nuff a massage, YEAH!!! [Verse Three: Super Cat] Big and ready we just big and ready ready, big and ready we just big and ready ready Big and ready we just big and ready Super Cat Di Wild Apache and di one a Heavy D Mi seh special request a to di one F.P. And any kind a gal can come maaga wid mi She have a forty combinations and a G.C.E. Cau di three a we together we a top celebrity Frankie P. and Super Cat and di one a Heavy D [Chorus: Frankie Paul] (Heavy D) Big, badda we broad, a we nuh want, no bodyguard, no! (YES SMILE!) Big, badda we are, mi seh we larger than di one King George, yes! [Verse Four: Heavy D] Mon a big big respect to mi bredren Super Cat And yu know seh Frankie Paul him a sting and him a shock And mi nuh like a guy who prefer dress up inna frock Mi nuh deal wid nuh cocaine and mi don't smoke crack Yu know seh Heavy D a one light skin black Any mic a weh mi touch seh di dance haffi pack And when mi ram a dance guy tip off dem hat [Chorus: Heavy D] (Super Cat) (*Frankie Paul): So come, who, Don Dada who run tings?! (Yu! Heavy D Jah mon a yu a run tings!) Mon tell mi who, Don Dada who run tings?! (I know Mr. F.P. mon a him a run tings!) (*I know mi, Mr. Cat and Heavy D a run tings!) But a yu Frankie Paul jah mon a yu a run tings! [Bridge: Frankie Paul] (Heavy D) (*Super Cat) A big and we broad! (Tell dem again mon!) A we nuh want no bodyguaaaaaaaaaaarrrdddddd!  (Man like Super Cat) Big and we broad! (*TELL YU!) Mi want a girl fi give mi nuff massage (*DO YU HEAR DAT!) OH LORD [Verse Five: Super Cat] (Heavy D) Cau we, big and ready we dun big and ready ready (FOLLOW MI) Big and ready we dun big and ready ready (SAY WHAT!!!) Big and ready we dun big and ready ready (COME DOWN!!!) Di one a Super Cat him a di Wild Apache (COME DOWN!!!!) Come mek mi tell yu Mr. Frankie otherwise as F.P. (COME DOWN!!!!) And special request a to di one a Heavy D (Man a look pon mi how a mi big and mi broad) (And mi park mi BMW inside a mi garage) Tell di Heavy D Jah mon we massive and we broad And we larger than di guy a weh dem call King George Mon a anytime we shoppin seh we shoppin we large (And we don't like di guy a weh dem call Boy George) [Chorus: Frankie Paul] (Heavy D) Big, badda we are (SAY WHAT!!) A we nuh want, no bodyguard, no! (FRANKIE PAUL!) Big, badda we are (HOW YU MEAN) We larger than di one dat dem call King George, yes! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Super Cat f/ Heavy D Album: Don Dada Song: Dem No Worry We Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Heavy D] Now hear dis!!! A...a di big belly gorgon talkin Heavy D don't skylarkin Come to walk inna di park now... Hear wah di man seh, move when di man seh Move when di man seh move [Chorus: Super Cat] (Heavy D) Now if, yuh a don who have a girl, in each and every town (Yes man!) Then yuh nuh worry 'bout di dibi dibi DJ dem Heavy D cau di whole a dem a clown And dem nuh worry we (Dem cyaan worry we)  Dem nuh worry we-e-e-!!! (Tell dem again man!) Change di wutless way of livin and tink easy-y-y-y-y!!! Cau Mr. Cat him a di dog heart daddy! (Dem nuh know!) And when mi come mi come fi nice up di party (Eh heh) Special request a to mi idren Heavy Right a now man a comin in easy Dem nuh worry we-e-e-!!! Dem nuh worry mi!!!!!! [Verse One: Heavy D] Laaaaaaawwwwwddddd!!!! Mi bawl!!! A wah! A wah! A wah! D-D-D-Dem!!! A weh! A weh! A happen to D-D-Dem!!! A wah! A wah! A wah! D-D-D-Dem!!! A weh! A weh! Happen to D-D-Dem!!! Mi is a man not inna hurry Mi love mi chicken and mi goat well curry Badbwoy haffi leff inna hurry And all one hundred a mi gyal dem sexy And mi know seh dem nah go leave mi So all di talk dem a talk dat nuh move mi Gyal a scream out like dis a blue movie Caron, Sharon, Patsy and Susy [Chorus: Heavy D] Dem nuh worry mi! Dem nuh worry mi-i-i-i-i!!! So change yuh dutty way of tinkin and gwaan easy-y-y-y-y!!! Seh Mr. Cat him a di wild wild apache I know two ting pon don man can match mi And all di girls dem love mi cau mi sexy So come in Mr. Cat yuh a di wild wild apache [Verse Two: Super Cat] (Heavy D) Becau! A weh, wah wah, a wah do dem so! (Dem know!) A weh, wah wah, a wah do dem so! (Mi know!) Heavy D inna di place and a dem a gwaan so (So!) Mr. Cat inna di place and a dem a gwaan so (So!) Mi seh Y-O-Y-O mi seh dat a Yo Yo (Yo!) Mi seh S-O-S-O mi seh dat a So So (So!) Go tell dem Heavy D him a di star fi di show (Show!) Go tell dem Mr. Cat a mek yuh dance pon yuh toe Cau! A weh, wah wah, a wah do dem so! (Tell dem again!) A weh, wah wah, a wah do dem so! (Follow!) Heavy D inna di place ruff a dem stay so (Eh heh!) Mr. Cat inna di place ruff a dem stay so (Come down!) And di more we inna Japan and a Hong Kong seh so And di country whole America people seh so (Yes man!) When we roll up inna London a people seh so And a waan we inna downtown a people seh so (Tell dem again!) But! A weh, wah wah, a wah do dem so! (Mi know!) Yes! A weh, wah wah, a wah do dem so! (Mi know!) So come down Heavy D yuh a di big belly pro! [Verse Three: Heavy D] (Super Cat) Mi a di d-d-d-don-di-d-d-d-d-don g-g-g-g-gorgon Mi a di d-d-d-don-di-d-d-d-d-don g-g-g-g-gorgon Mi a di d-d-d-don-di-d-d-d-d-don g-g-g-g-gorgon Mi a di d-d-d-don-di-d-d-d-d-don g-g-g-g-gorgon Mi is a yute not inna hurry (Hurry! Hurry!) Mi love mi chicken and mi goat well curry And all badwoy haffi run wey and leff mi And all one hundred a mi girls dem sexy And no matter weh yuh do dem cyaan leff mi So all di talk dem a talk dat nuh move mi Gyal a scream out like mi inna blue movie Sharon, Patsy, Suzette and Susy Come in Mr. Cat but come in well groovy [Chorus: Super Cat] (Heavy D) Now if, yuh a don who have a girl, in each and every town (Eh heh!) And yuh nuh worry 'bout di dibi dibi DJ dem And yuh know seh di whole a dem a clown And dem nuh worry we (Nuh worry we nuh worry we!)  Dem nuh worry we-e-e-e-e!!!  Change di wutless way of livin and tink easy-y-y-y-y!!! (Easy now easy!) Cau Mr. Cat him a di dog heart apache! (Eh heh!) And a every man a him di top celebrity  When we come we come fi nice up di party (Yes!) Watch how di girl dem a get it so groovy And some a dem yes dem gettin so horny (Eh!) And Heavy D yuh nuh see seh dem waan we (Waan we) Right a now we haffi nice up di party dem nuh worry we-e-e!!! (Nuh worry we nuh worry we) [Heavy D] Dem nuh worry we-e-e-e-e!!!  So change yuh dutty way of tinkin and gwaan easy-y-y-y-y!!! [Outro: Heavy D] A wah! A wah! Wah do d-d-d-Dem!!! A wah do d-d-diddly d-d-d-dem-d-d-d-dem!!! A wah! A wah! Wah do d-d-d-Dem!!! A wah do d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-dem!!! A wah! A wah! Wah do d-d-d-Dem!!! A wah do d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-dem!!! D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-Dem!!! A wah do d-d-d-d-d-d-d-dem!!! 