The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Rhyme Pays Song: Intro Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br A child was born in the East one day Moved to the West coast after his parents passed away Never understood his fascination with rhymes or beats In poetry he was considered elite Became a young gangster in the streets of L.A. Lost connections with his true roots far away But no matter the job or crime He never lost his hardcore obsession to rhyme New York's hip hop movement broke loose DJ's cut records, raps had the juice Since busting rhymes was his natural thing He was crowned the west coast MC king But after his inauguration there was a rush Of wack rappers with one intention to crush This master rapper and take his throne A simple job,he had no crew, he stood all alone Assassins came in groups of one through five With raps no mortal MC could survive But he showed no mercy, he rapped blood thirsty Battling from Friday on through to Thursday Never losin a bout, never ending in doubt Every confrontation K.O. knock out On his never ending journey to the T.O.P. The L.A. player M.C. ICE-T The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Rhyme Pays Song: Rhyme Pays Typed by: l_rec@email.com [Verse One] Magnificent rhymer, I'm the ill beat designer If they ask you if I'm def, don't front and say kinda Merciless, meticulous, so fresh it's ridiculous I'm raised in the heart of Los A-N-G-E-L-E-S King word connector, the vocal projector Your girl tried to jock me, I had to reject her Always adventurous voice some say is sensuous Now, I'm on the mic so I think I better mention this I don't like Gucci, Fila, Louie or Fendi Those are fads and I ain't trendy But whether your name's Lucy, Terry, Laura or Cindy Ice got beef and this ain't Wendy's Bust a move while I'm talkin' Sucker rappers I be stalkin' When they see me on the street with my homeboy walkin' They slow down, turn around and ask was that Ice? Then they see me cold countin' my cash Rhyme pays!! [Verse Two] Moves must be busted, girls can't be trusted I looked at your lady and I was disgusted Came into the party just to rock the place And your big zombie lookin' freak still won't get out of my face I don't mean to diss her, but do you kiss her? Look at her lips, she got them crazy blisters Body that smells like the New York mets Arm pits all nappy packed full of sweat I hope this something that you never forget Tie that freak outside next time you come in the set Because my jams be crazy, packed with all fly ladies I'm talkin' def girlies and I don't mean maybe The way I rhyme no one will ever slay me And I ain't lyin' rhyme do pay me ! Rhyme pays!! [Verse Three] I'm notorious, I'm infamous, like a snake I'm venomous For those who may diss I think you should consider this I can make a rhyme complicated as a puzzle Dangerous and as violent as a pit bull in a muzzle But this record is for radio S-T-E-R-E-O It not to be banned or for some underground mix show My hearts in my pen every time I begin Sometimes my lyrics go crazy and I just can't control em my friend I try to edit what I'm rappin' about But I can't write polite my anger just jumps out!! Perpetrators in the business claim their hard as hell Talkin' that gangster shit, know'n they're soft as jell- Oh! I better chill out before I ill out And my negative potential just might spill out And then this record won't be gettin played I'll save that rap for another day -Rhyme pays- [Verse Four] The front stage area goes into hysteria As I start to rhyme and unleash my criteria Of what is to come during the beat of the drum And Evil agitates the records with the use of his thumb Using his intricate moves, the record stays in the groove My boy cuts like Jason, it's easy to prove That Evil E is the great, his cuts are real not fake Not emulated effects or a play back tape So suckers witness your fate while Evil demonstrates I'm bout to get off this mic, E., dog the break - Kick it! [Verse Five] Like me if ya want'a, diss me if you're gonna But my jam will still be kickin' on your neighborhood corner As my bass is max'n out the V.U.S. on your box There'll be no doubt within your mind whether this MC do rock Like granite, I planned it, So you could understand it  If someone's talkin' when I'm rhymin' Then just say, "Damn shut up!" While Ice is breakin' the boy don't be fakin' Maybe they're just jealous of the dollars I'm makin' But you're down with me. You know god gifted me Black kids say I'm trech, white kids say I'm nifty Spell out my name ya go I-C-E T But right now it's time for Evil E to hit me! [Verse Six] Rhyme pays, buys my food every night and day It pays my rent my bills I guess I'm doin' ok But when I say rhyme pays, I mean in different ways Cause rappin' gets a lot of kids out of the streets each day It makes me feel real nice when someone likes the Ice Or some young MC asks me for advice But there will always be rappers who hate Ice T Maybe I dogged 'em in a battle or just jealousy Inevitable situation, sucker rapper frustration I rhyme too tough to bite, too intricate for notation Syllables jumble, competitors crumble as they witness mic attack And the microphone rumbles like hurricane I maim, sometimes I go insane Step toward my rap and I inflict the pain! No shame Ice capital T's my name!! Damn there I go illin' out again!!!! -Rhyme Pays- The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album:  Rhyme Pays/The Classic Collection Song:   6 'N the Mornin' Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Verse One: Ice-T] Six in the morning, police at my door Fresh Adidas squeak across the bathroom floor Out my back window, I made my escape Didn't even get a chance to grab my old school tape Mad with no music, but happy cause I'm free And the streets to a player is the place to be Got a knot in my pocket, weighing at least a grand Gold on my neck, my pistol is closed in hand I'm a self-made monster of the city streets Remotely controlled by hard Hip-Hop beats But just living in the city is a serious task Didn't know what the cops wanted, didn't have time to ask [Break] Word!! Word!! Word!! [Verse Two: Ice-T] Seen my homeboys cooling way way out Told them about my morning, cold bugged them out Shot a little dice until my knees got sore Kicked around some stories about the night before Possed to the corner where the fly girls chill Through action at some freaks until one bitch got ill She started acting silly, simply would not quit Called us all punk pussies, said we all weren't shit As we walked over to her, whore continued to speak So we beat the bitch down in the goddamn street But just living in the city is a serious task Bitch didn't know what hit her, didn't have time to ask [Break] Word!! Word!! Word!! [Verse Three: Ice-T] Continued clocking freaks with the man's posteriors Rolling in the Blazer with the Louie interior Solid gold, the ride was raw, bust a left turn was on Crenshaw Sean E Sean was the driver, known to give freaks hell Had a beeper going off like the high school bell Looked in the mirror, what do we see? Fucking blue lights L.A.P.D. Pigs searched our car, their day was made Found an uzi, .44 and a Handgranade Threw us in the county, high powered block No freaks to see, no beats to rock Didn't want trouble but the shit must fly Squabbled with this sucker, shanked him in the eye But living in the county is a serious task Nigga didn't know what happened, didn't have time to ask [Break] [Verse Four: Ice-T] Back on the streets after five and a deuce Seven years later, but still had the juice My homeboy Hen Gee, put me up on the track Told me E's rolling Villain, BJs has got the sack Bruce is a giant, Nat C's clocking Dough B-Bop's a pimp, my old freak's a whore The Batterram's rolling, rocks are the thing Life has no meaning and money is king Then he looked at me slowly and Hen had to grin He said: Man you're out early we thought you got ten Opened up his safe, kicked me down with cold cash Knew I would get busy, he didn't waste time to ask [Break] Word!! Word!! Word!! [Verse Five: Ice-T] I bought a Benz with the money, the rest went on clothes Went to the strip, started pimping the whores My hair had grew long, on my seven year stay And when I got it done, on my shoulders it lay Hard from the joint, but fly to my heart I didn't want trouble but the shit had to start Out with my crew, and some punks got loud Shot gun blasts, echoed through the crowd Six punks hit, two punks died All casualties were applied to their side Human Lives had to pass, just for talking much trash We didn't know who they were, no one had time to ask [Break] Word!! Word!! Word!! [Verse Six: Ice-T] Swat team leader yelled hit the floor Reached in my pocket pulled my .44 Dove across the room, peeped out the window Twenty cops jumped behind the Pinto Out the back door like some damn track stars Broke down an alley jumped into a car Suckers didn't even see us, they must've been blind Black wire touched red, the car was mine We hadn't done nothing but some suckers got shot Hit the first turn goddamn road blocked Broke through the block and we did it fast Cops would shot us on sight, they wouldn't took time to ask [Break] Word!! Word!! Word!! [Verse Seven: Ice-T] The rollers gave chase at a serious speed One more conviction was all I need This shit was for real, this was no La-Di-Da-Di Cause the boys had to pin the shit on somebody And me and my crew, we were known to get ill We carried heat for protection but not to kill We bust a corner doing 60; one police car spun And all I was thinking, was murder one Bust a move into an alley and did it right And me and my crew, we're gone into the night Broke to my old ladies, who drew me a bath She didn't even know what happened, didn't care, didn't ask [Break] Word!! Word!! Word!! [Verse Eight: Ice-T] We made love like crazy on top of the sheets This girlie was my worldly, a natural freak She ran her tongue over each and every part of me Then she rocked my Amadeus while I watched TV A technician with a mission, that's what she was If there had been a crowd, she would've got an applause This girl did everything on earth to me that could be done The she backed off and teased me so I couldn't come Then she cold got stupid, pushed me on the floor Had me begging to stop, while I was screaming for more After she waxed by body, she let me crash She knew her loving was deaf, she didn't waste time to ask [Break] Word!! Word!! Word!! [Verse Nine: Ice-T] Up the next morning, feeling good as hell Sleeping with a girlie, sure beats a cell Hit the boulevard in my A.M.G. Whores catching whiplash, trying to glimpse the T Ring on my mobile yes cellular Got to have a phone when I'm in my car Was my homeboy Red, some say he's insane Broke his bitch jaw for smoking cane Told me to meet him at the Airport Said he's jumping bail, said he just left court Caught the first thing smoking in a serious dash He didn't know where we was going, didn't care, didn't ask [Break] Word!! Word!! Word!! [Verse Ten: Ice-T] Fell asleep on the plane and so did he Woke up chilling in N.Y.C. Called on my posse, when I got there Hit the Latin Quarter, in Union Square Rooftop Devil's Nest, the rest we passed Back doored the Palladium, just for class About 4:00 AM, we crashed the deuce We never catch static cause my boys got juice Deuced it to the Bronx, to rest our heads Where a shoot out jumped off, nine people lay dead It sounded like it happened with a Mac 10 Blast But it was six in the morning, we didn't wake up to ask [Break] Word!! Word!! Word!! Word!! Word!! Word!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Rhyme Pays Song: Make it Funky Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br (Make it funky) So the people can get down to the funky sound Cause my crew don't mess around (Make it funky) So the girls can get busy,dog the dance floor Make the guys get dizzy (Make it funky) Totally def as Evil E guts the records and the beat is kept (Make it funky) Stupid fly,it's got to the F-U-N-K why? So that you can get loose as I produce sounds hard as the deuce Manipulate the bass gain give the level's a boost The lyric layer rhyme sayer,born to be player If politics were my kick then I'd be your mayor Governator,Senator,I'm your mentor Rap rhythm is erratic,time is four, four I'm the microphone scholar,clockin' long dollars Here to make the place funky while the fly girls holler Genius vocalist,rhyme style priceless Pound of gold around my neck,mic in my first The microphone virtuoso crazy insane I'm loco With the speed to exceed,make other MC's look slow mo Un-lease release words mean as a beast I eat MC's for lunch and dinner,I can serve for a feast Their rhymes are elementary,mine deserve a PH D This beat is F-U-N-Key my name is Ice T  Make it funky Undoubtedly you recognize this jam is the ultimate cut Uncontrollably you motivate and move your butt It's rough the beat is gangsterous,call it tough If you're diss'n stop frontin',come on whats up? Complicated voice gymnastics are all in your face Vegas got my highs,E.V's got control my bass My break is comin' get busy no time ta waste Now's the time do body work here's the place Make it funky Make it funky enough so the tracks lay tough 'Cause I'm tossin' it up and the Ice don't bluff The girl charmer toy Harmer,juice strong as armor When I stand upon the stage you could call it melodrama Intense suspense my voice emcee I wouldn't have you come and see me under false pretense The girlies do be wild'n'as I'm profilin' Limos lined around the block for about a mile'n'a half Autographs the list goes on If you forgot it "make it funky" is the name of this song Stupid dope and you know it,it rates a ten You pray my DJ cuts the records so it starts again 'Cause I can keep the mic cookin' for an entire month My rhymes are always hard hittin' I don't know how to bunt My DJ cuts like a laser E-V-I-L-E Put your finger on the records Make it,Make it funky Make it funky The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Rhyme Pays Song: Somebody Gotta Do It (Pimpin' Ain't Easy!!!) Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br My lifestyles crazy,I'm luxury lazy So much gold that jewelry don't phase me Coroless phone,eight or nine homes Girlies on my Jammie with Ice-T Jones Bank account boomin',fast lane zoomin' Known around the world for my high post groomin' Mac like a preacher,love like a teacher Got a girl who lives in Paris When I want her I beep her Too many clothes,gotta rag top rolls 1.000 Watt system and my speakers are bose I kick it like a champ,I throught you knew it But pimpin' ain't easy But somebody gotta do it My thumbs are tired just from countin' cash No more room in my diamond stash Filin' my nails is such a tirin' task Gold knobs on my benzo dash Five freaks just to comb my hair Monograms on my underwear Bodyguards around so please don't dare You're takin' a chance if you just stop and stare Livin' my life is just so hard to do Makin' deals a million one or two Buyin' new cars for my entire crew Matching Ferraris,E's black,mine's blue Can't swin a lap in my pool because it's just too long Could never go broke because my banks too strong No matter what I do I simply can't go wrong And I'll make money,I don't need this damn song But somebody's gotta do it When I walk in a joint,punks always look at me hard Because I wear enough gold to tie a dog in a yard Cold maxin' in my mansion so big it's silly Got a butler named Humphry and a maid named Milly Mink sheets on my bed,that's what I said Gourmet chefs in my kitchem so that I can get fed So tired of sailin' on my boat I might just Helicopter To my jet and catch a midnight flight So many girls in my book,it weighs a tom Gotta leave the damn country just to have some fun Private suite at the track to watch the ponies run And there ain't nothin' in the word That me an "E" ain't done But somedody gotta do it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Rhyme Pays Song: 409 Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br It's time to start the party if ya'll don't mind Me and "E" clean our Adidas with 409 He rocks the highs,I dog the bass Ya wanna hear us rock? Here's a taste!!! Every day I make a sandwich with ham and cheese Use miracle whip,I don't like mayonnaise I eat a can of beans,good for my heart About 1 a.m.,I always..... Far from me to bite anothers rhyme They're just too easy to write I do'em two at a time Like doggin' the wax and ya don't quit And if you didn't like that then suck my.... Dictations how I write my raps Cold maxin' with two freaks upon my lap Chillin' on the phone,bookin' more def shows An' if the freaks get illy I smack the.... Whole days of my life are spent inside my bed Just maxin' an' relaxin' like I'm at club med Ya say you like this record,you think it's fun? Party people get stupid we just begun!!! (break) You're get,get,gettin' real stupid As the beat hits your body get ill!!! You ain't dumb you paid dollars to party go off!! The girl you're dancin' with has got great hips bug out!! Go on homeboy and grab her..... Tape recorder turn up the bass No time to waste just dog the place R-R-R-Rocket like a missile in space Evil E keeps his 1200s in an anvil case We fly T.W.A.,Pan Am,P.S.A To places close to home,far away L.A.,New York,Detroit,Miami If I see a girl and like her then I let her see my.... Jam rockin's how I got my fame,Ice capital T Evil E's his name If you can't see who's rockin' you must be blind You better clean your gazelles with some 409!!! Go Ice get busy (x2) Go Evil Get busy (X2) Turn up your stereo,equalize treble Bass be kickin' stupid hard as metal On the mic tonight that's right your rhyme opponent M.C. Ice T just microphonin' 33 and 1/3 revolutions per minute This record is def because my heart is in it Vocals laid by the Ice,tempos tight and precise Special effects will be created by an editor's splice The funk is in it,ya dig it so stop that frontin' Bust a move to my groove work your body do somethin' No way in the world that you can deny my method As my record rotates,my words get more impressive I'm an M.C., Evil's my Dj on Sire Records not M.C.A. C.B.S.,Capitol,cause they move too slow Now Sire/Warner Bros. clocks all the dough As the record revolves money's gettin' made A.S.C.A.P. pays me every time it's played I chill in def leathers pure silks and suede And the gold around my neck will never fade Down with my Syndicate organized rhyme Kickin' def tempos that I design And if you can't hear'em thats such a crime You better wash your dirty ears with some 409 I always rhyme elite,stay on beat Travel in a posse when I walk the street Loved to say my rhymes when I used to max Now I don't speak much,I save my words for wax I just wanna make a little point in this song With a little nonsense we can all get along and on and on Till the break'a break of dawn This jam will never play out because the grooves too strong Guys grab a girl,girls grab a guy If a guy wants a guy,please take it outside I wanna make ya enjoy yourself On the mic tonight Ice T!!Who else? Evil's on the cuts,Henry Gee's shot gun Islam's my producer,Bambattas son Bronx Style Bob's cold watchin' my back Melle Mel's just layin' for some punks to act wack Grandmaster Caz and Donald D ,Scott La Rock Red Alert,Chuck Chill Out If you're down with my crew you will be fine But if you ill we'll get dirty-bring your 409!! (BREAK) 409...... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Rhyme Pays Song: I Love Ladies Typed by: WesSiaFaLiaNia@free.fr Ya heard the Ice was rockin', ticket sales were high Bought some fresh Adidas so you could look fly Broke out from your crib rushin' to get here Tripped ans stumbled almost broke your neck comin' down the stairs Jumped into your ride, pushed the speed to the limit Jumped out of your car faster than you jumped in it Now you're at the jam but in for a shock Stupid big line wrapped around the block Through the walls of the hall you could hear me rhyme Methodically you schemed a way to cut in line But when you got inside the sight straightened your curls Cause as you look around all you could see were girls I love ladies I think it's time that I tell the truth I been dissin' females since my early youth But you know that's a drag and there's no doubt Cause females are the one thing that I can't do without Female companionship is my one vice I love to buy the girls things, love to treat em real nice Homeboys you must admit the best part of each day Is when a beautiful lady comes walkin' your way Females possess that one commodity that no man will ever have Not that hangs around me They got it, we want it, they move it, and flaunt it They shake it and sway it, we'll die just to lay it We try to supress it until they undress it And beg 'em to use it, and cry not to lose it No man can deny it so don't even try it!!! I love ladies Ladies are you with me? (Yeeaahh!!) I Love Ladies Ladies are you with me? (Yeeaahh!!) That sounds nice (You know we love you Ice!!) I'm junkie for females and that's a fact I'm not into havin' my homeboys rubbin' my back Don't dig goin' to the movies alone Or talkin' to myself on the telephone Goin' to a disco that's packed with men That's like tryin' to get a dance in the federal pen Walkin' through a park with a gang of the guys And a beach full of fellas never opened my eyes And man if females are one thing that you don't need You better get away from me at a high rate of speed Cause if you don't like them you must like men And homeboy that's where our serious problems begin Because to me women are God's true gift There's absolutely no question who I'd rather be with I love ladies I seen this fly girl walkin' down the street Jammin' a box rockin' to the beat The girl looked pretty, she really looked nice So I said to myself she's got to be with the Ice Walked over to her, started sayin' my rhyme She said "Ice you're so bad, you damn near blew my mind" I kept on rappin', runnin' my mouth The next thing I knew I was at her house Looked at her closely, said for goodness sake The girl was cut like a diamond, had curves like a snake Her top half was heaven, the bottom was the hell I knew tonight that the Ice was gonna rock well But then she started talkin' mess about love and romance Until she noticed the bulge growin' in my pants You should'a seen the girl's eyes as my body expanded She grabbed for my leg, raw sex she demanded My knees started knockin', I tried to run She said "Please don't leave Ice, I want you to come" This girl meant business I had no doubt This is just about the time that the Ice passed out The next day I woke the girl was through Room still smokin', my legs black and blue My eyes bloodshot, my hair pressed straight My knees still knockin', I knew I lost weight She was the best y'all, yes on this earth I would'a paid a million dollars, that's what it was worth If I had got her name or number it would'a been nice But I'm here to let you know the girl went off on the Ice I love ladies Ladies are you with me? (Yeeaahh!!) I Love Ladies Ladies are you with me? (Yeeaahh!!) That sounds nice (You know we love you Ice!!) No when it comes to partyin' the ladies know how When I ask for a reply they always scream owww!! It's the homeboys always tryin' to act real chill Sometimes it's jealous MC's mad cause they ain't on the bill Maybe they scared if they say ho! They might lose their cool But I got some news for you: a fool's a fool But don't get me wrong, most fellas do rock They put their hands in the air, they take the show to the top They start rockin' with the ladies once the show begins They don't stand lookin' stupid like some mannequins They don't lean against the wall like they're I some trance They did not come with no intention to party or dance You know what? yo dead beats should just stay home Leave me, my homeboys, and the ladies alone We love ladies The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Rhyme Pays Song: Sex Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br Sex I the morning,sex at night,sex in the afternoon's alright Ain't a man on earth,that can stay alive Without a .....sex drive Sex (x4) I was in a contest to rock the world First prize was a virgin young girl For four days I was up on the mic All sucker MC's were on the bite Bittin' my rhymes,stealin' my style I rocked so hard,it wasn't true I won the virgin girl,and her MAMA too Sex (x4) When I'm upon the microphone All the fly young ladies want a take me home When the party's over,take me to their house Throw me in the bed,know what we're talkin' about? Then they say,"Ice-T you are the best I love your eyes Your things,your chest You put all my lovers to shame I can't remember my boyfriends name You made me feel all hot and wet The way you move I can't forget I came,I came,I came again it felt so good I told my friends You can have my cars,my jewels,my wealth I love you more than I love myself After tonight fulfilled I'll be No hundred men could match ICE-T Sex (x4) Then she turn out the lights,throw back the sheets And then our two hot bodies meet And all at once she felt the thrill The caress of the best,the Ice-T chill Start with her tongue upon the back of my leg She didn't stop till I hollered screamed and begged Then she rolled me over,took me to the stage Like in the nasty book where you tore out the page Sex (x4) I put it in their blouse In their brain their little panties that their boyfriend saw I put it in their mini skirt and up their thigh Deep,deep girls,I wanna make you cry I move it in and out,know what I'm talkin' about Then around your neck until you show respect Then on your cheek until I reach my peak Then in your mouth girl,no joke,I'll take it out Don't want to see you choke I'll run it down your back,might cause a heart attack I'll put it in your butt until I get enough And then I'll take it out and put it in my pants 'Cause I fuck with the beat,the only way to dance Sex (x4) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Rhyme Pays Song: Pain Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br Deuce,deuce revolver was my problem solver Had a def girl,really didn't wanna involve her In the life of a gangster,use to rob bankster But now I'm locked up,I'm just a punk low rankster Jail cells know me too damn well Seems like I've built on earth my own personal hell No matter how high I climbed,somehow I always fell I guess a lot of players got this story to tell No matter how cold you roll you simply cannot win It's always fun in the beginning But pain in the end Pain (x4) Organized crimer,big trouble finder In and out of institutions ever since I was a minor But now I'm on the bricks,deep in the mix Crime smarts searching hard for some new street tricks I think I'll join a gang,sling a little cane Put a beeper on my belt and get myself a name Fresh sneakers,silk shirts,24/7 work Nine to five to survive,you gotta be a jerki  I clock two grand a day,yet I was born to play Who me at micky dee's?It wouldn't work,no way I'm a big money haver but not the last laugher For me infamy makes me no autographer Custody haunts my dreams,nightmares of capture Paranoid of surveillance,phobia of cameras My banks bigger,but so are my fears Past records proved players live limited years But I'm unlike the rest,know to be the best Fast money,true wealth my eternal quest I hustle all night long,there ain't no gain in rest 12 gauge close range,bloods on my chest I looked into his face,I thought he was my friend My boy had me set up,this wound would never mend No matter who you trust,you simply cannot win It's always fun in the beginning But it's pain in the end Pain (x4) Gold rope wearer,neighborhood terror Can't hang around my mother 'cause she says I scare her Got a light sunburn from too much pool-side sittin' Coroless phone keeps me on 'cause there ain't no quittin' Mind's in a money mode,seems like it should explode Girlies on my jammie,got a female overload Young street messiah,professional liar 19 gotta Benz,21 I'll retire Crazy money it ain't funny,suckers lovin' my jock But there's some people at my door that didn't even knock Task force boomin',doggin' my crib out,can't shout F.B.I. got a gun in my mouth! Threw me on the floor,called my girl a whore Pulled ten G's out my mattress and was lookin' for more Cracked my safe with an axe,then illed out to the max When they seem my money kickin' it in twenty G stacks Booked me on ten counts,with bails of different amounts The charges stuck like glue,some that I couldn't pronounce They threw my ass the book,my life wa surely took And then they gave my girl  Ten years for hangin' out with a crook She played the game herself,fast lane quick wealth No respect for the law or the city's health The sweat of hustlers greed is not reserved for men It's always fun in the beginning But it's pain in the end Pain (x5) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Rhyme Pays Song: Squeeze the Trigger Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br Squeeze the trigger Rampage on stage,my crews in a rage Searched my posse,found the Uzi but missed the 12 gauge Maniac,I'm a rhyme brainiac,livin' on the edge of a razor Remember that Cold rollin' thick as a shake,I'm rockin' hard as a quake I can't live on bread and water or lobster and steak My mino's a riot gun,there ain't none bigger About to unload the ammo,"E" squeeze the trigger They say I'm violent,they should watch their T.V. They say I'm brutal,they should check their P.D. You made me,now your kids rave me I rap about the life that the city streets gave me Murder,intrigue,somebody must bleed Miami Vice is small time,L.A's the big league From the rollin' 60's to the nickerson "G" Pueblos,grape street,this is what I see The jungle,the 30's,the V.N.G. Life in L.A. ain't no cup of ter Squeeze the trigger I've been dogged out by cops,shackled and socked Paid my dues to the streets,took my hard knocks Disrespected by snobs,damn near trampled by mobs Persecuted by squares workin' nine to five jobs Like a panther I prowl ,like a lion I growl Learn to see behind my back like the head of an owl I'm the voice of the youth,the prophet of truth What I speak is really though some  May say ruthless tactics are takin' by me to awaken People to life but I feel no fakin' No jivin',no lyin',no frontin',no playin' Say exactly whats up,understand what I'm sayin' Ban me,try it,you might cause a riot What the radio won't play,the underground will supply it I'm a MC pirate that's loud not quiet Radical as they make'em,make a rule I'll defy it Critics may say I'm wise,some may call my words lies I've lived more in one day than they will in their lives But most do respect the words I inject Kick credit for realism and the truth I project Because I could bust rhymes for fun,or cut MC's like a knife But the topic I love is the drama of life So don't diss me don't dare,I feel you should care You may think I'm soft but you're just unaware Of the wrath of the Ice enraged prepare For a true nighmare Squeeze the trigger Cops hate kids,kids hate cops,cops kill kid's with warnin' shouts What is crime and what in not?what is justice?I think I forgot We buy weapons to keep us strong Reagan sends guns where they don't belong The controversy is thick and the drag is strong But no matter the lies we all know who's wrong Homeless sleep on the city streets Waitin' to die with nothin' to eat While rich politicians soak their feet In the pools at their ten million buck retreats People hate people for color of face No one had a choice in the race we were placed A brother in queens was beaten and chased Murdered cold in the streets, a goodamn disgrace Just because of his race,his life went to waste And no one went to jail when the court heard the case Justice or corruption?it's all interlaced How can you swallow this?I can't stand the taste Squeeze the trigger I get paid for illin',cold makin' a killin' My pockets keep fillin',I got dollars to the ceilin' Got a safe in my floor,car got bullet proof doors Every time I rock the mic I leave you wishin' for more Because my raps ain't bull,got cold stupid pull You wanna eat my rhymes like candy,till your mind's over full But most MC's today ain't got nothin' to say "A" to the mother fuckin' "K" Squeeze the trigger The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Evil E the Great Album: Rhyme Pays Song: Make It Funky (12" Mix) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Sampler of James Brown - Sex Machine] One.. two.. three.. Hit Me!! Uhh!! Uhh!! Uhh!! Uhh!! Uhh!! Hit Me!! Hit Me!! Hit Me!! Hit Me!! Hit Me!! Uhh!! Uhh!! Hit Me!! Uhh!! Uhh!! Uhh!! Hit Me!! Uhh!! Uhh!! Hit Me!! Uhh!! Uhh!! Uhh!! Hit Me!! Hit Me!! Hit Me!! Hit Me!! Hit Me!! MAKE IT FUNKY!! [Hook: Ice-T] So the people can get down to the funky sound Cause my crew don't mess around (MAKE IT FUNKY!!) So the girls can get busy and dogg the dancefloor Make the guys get dizzy (MAKE IT FUNKY!!) Totally deaf as Evil E cuts the records and the beat is dealt (MAKE IT FUNKY!!) [Verse One: Ice-T] Stupid fly, it's got to the F-U-N-K-Y So that you can get loose as I produce sounds hard as the deuce Manipulate the bass game, give the label a boost A lyric layer, rhyme sayer, born to be player Politics were my kick, then I'll be your mayor Governator, Senator, I'm your mentor Rap rhythm is erratic, time is your four I'm the microphone scholar, clocking on dollars See I'm here to make the place funky while the fly girls holler Genius, vocalist, rhyme style priceless Pound of gold around my neck, mic in my fist The microphone virtuoso, crazy insane, I'm loco With the speed to exceed, that got the MC's look slow mode Unleash release words mean as a beast I eat MC's for lunch and dinner, I can serve for a feast Their rhymes are elementary, mine deserve a PH.D This beat is F-U-N-K-y, my name is Ice-T  [Chorus: DJ Evil E the Great] MAKE IT FUNKY!! MAKE IT FUNKY!!  MAKE IT FUNKY!! MAKE IT FUNKY!! WHORES!! Uhh!! Uhh!! Uhh!! Uhh!! Uhh!! Uhh!! Uhh!! Uhh!! Uhh!! [Verse Two: Ice-T] Undoubtedly you recognize this jam is the ultimate cut Uncontrollably you motivate and move your butt It's rough, the beat is gangsterous, call it tough If you're dissing, stop fronting, come on, what's up? Complicated voice, gymnastics are all in your face Vegas got my highs, EVs got control my bass My break is coming to get busy, no time to waste Now's the time do body work, here's the place [Interlude: Ice-T] Uhh!! Uhh!! Uhh!! Uhh!! Uhh!!  Go L.A.!! Go L.A.!! Go L.A.!! Go L.A.!! Go L.A.!! Go L.A.!! Rock on, cold rocking the house Aww yeah, in the place to be Ice-T and Evil E rocking it out west, you know it buddy Evil E, you're from Brooklyn man, let's see whose in the house out there We're gonna check it out right now, and get cold busy as I wanna see whose in the house Is Queens in the House? check Queens is in the House! Is Queens in the House?  The Bridge.. Queens Bridge.. The Bridge.. Queens Bridge..  The Bridge.. The Bridge.. The Bridge.. The Bridge.. ---------> MC Shan Go Queens!! Go Queens!! Go Queens!! Go Queens!! Go Queens!! Go Queens!! I know Brooklyn is out there, is Brooklyn in the House?  Brooklyn is in the House, Brooklyn is in the House ---------> Richie Rich Go Brooklyn!! Go Brooklyn!! Go Brooklyn!! Go Brooklyn!! Go Brooklyn!! Yo, let's check out Uptown, is Uptown in the House?  Uptown Uptown!! Uptown Uptown!!  Go Uptown!! Go Uptown!! Go Uptown!! Go Uptown!! Go Uptown!! Go Uptown!! Well, you think Bronx is out there, is Bronx in the House?  South Bronx, the South.. South Bronx.. South Bronx, the South.. South Bronx -----> KRS-One Go Bronx!! Hit Me!! Go Bronx!! Hit Me!! Go Bronx!! Hit Me!!  Go Bronx!! Hit Me!! Go Bronx!! Hit Me!! Go Bronx!! Yeah Buddy, so wherever you are from, if you with us tonight We want you to do one thing, what you wanna do E? Don't you wanna go up, right now and go crazy for me, you know you gotta do one thing [Chorus: DJ Evil E the Great] MAKE IT FUNKY!! MAKE IT FUNKY!!  MAKE IT MAKE IT MAKE IT FUNKY!!  [Verse Three: Ice-T] Make it funky enough, so the tracks lay tough Cause I'm tossing it up, and the Ice don't bluff The girl charmer toy Harmer, juice strong as armor When I stand upon the stage you could call it melodrama Intense, suspense my voice emends I wouldn't have you come and see me under false pretense The girlies do be wilding, as I'm profiling Limos lined around the block for about a mile and a half Autographs; the list goes on If you forgot, Make It Funky is the name of this song Stupid dope and you know it, it rates a ten You pray my DJ cuts the records, so it starts again Cause I can keep the mic cooking for an entire month My rhymes are always hard hitting, I don't know how to bunt My DJ cuts like a laser, E-V-I-L-E Put your finger on the records, make it Make It Funky [Chorus: DJ Evil E the Great] MAKE IT FUNKY!! MAKE IT FUNKY!!  MAKE IT MAKE IT MAKE IT FUNKY!! Ho Ho Go!! Go Ice!! Go Ice!! Go Ice!! Go Ice!! Go Ice!! Go Ice!! Go Ice!! Go Ice!! Go Ice!! Go Ice!! Go Ice!! Go Ice!! [Outro: Ice-T] We gonna do it like that y'all Evil E MAKE IT FUNKY!!  Islam MAKE IT FUNKY!!  South Bronx MAKE IT FUNKY!!  Shawnie Shawn MAKE IT FUNKY!! Melle Mel MAKE IT FUNKY!!  TDF MAKE IT FUNKY!! ~ AWWWWWWWWWWWW!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Emanon Album: Rhyme Pays Song: Somebody Gotta Do It (12" Mix) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * Emanon also performed the Human Beatbox at the background [Verse One: Ice-T] My lifestyle is crazy, I'm luxury lazy So much gold; that jewelry don't faze me Cordless phone, eight or nine homes Girlies on my Jammie with an Ice-T Jones Bank account booming, fast lane zooming Known around the world for my high post grooming Macks like a preacher, loves like a teacher Got a girl lives in Paris, when I want her I beep her Too many clothes, got a rag top Rolls 1.000 Watt System, and my speakers are Bose® I kick it like a champ, I throught you knew it Though pimping ain't easy; but somebody gotta do it [Interlude # 1:] [Emanon] Yo Ice, they want you to be on Lifestyle for Rich and Famous [Ice-T:] Man, hang up on that fool! [Emanon] Yo Ice, what you're doing with that fourth cord on the floor [Ice-T:] Homeboy, that's the carpet man! [Emanon] Yo man, what you're doing with all this money, all over this floor man? [Ice-T:] Get the vaccum, dude! [Emanon] Yo man, there's ten girls waiting in the bedroom [Ice-T:] They been there for a week, another day won't hurt! [Verse Two: Ice-T] My thumbs are tired, just from counting cash No more room in my diamond stash Filing my nails is such a tiring task Gold knobs in my Benzo dash Five freaks just to comb my hair Monograms on my underwear Bodyguards around so please don't dare You're taking a chance, if you just stop and stare Living my life is just so hard to do Making deals, a million one or two Buying new cars for my entire crew Matching Ferraris, E's black, mine is blue Can't swing a lap in my pool because it's just too long Could never go broke because my bank is too strong No matter what I do, I simply can't go wrong And I'll make money, I don't need this damned song But somebody's gotta do it [Interlude # 2:] [Emanon] You want this rope, but that go one ten thousand one's twenty [Ice-T:] Yo, I don't care man, put it on the dog man! [Emanon] Yo Ice, what you're gonna do, we got a house on Parsberg, half built [Ice-T:] Man, I don't like it no more, tear it down, I don't need no more houses! [Emanon] Yo Ice, Gucci, Louie and Fila wanna sponser you [Ice-T:] Man, I told you, I don't need no more clothes [Emanon] Man!! [Verse Three: Ice-T] When I walk in a joint, punks always look at me hard Because I wear enough gold to tie a dog in a yard Cold maxing in my mansion, so big it's silly Got a butler named Humphry and a maid named Milly Mink sheets on my bed, that's what I said Gourmet chefs in my kitchen so that I can get fed So tired of sailing on my boat I might..  just Helicopter to my Jet and catch a midnight flight So many girls in my book, it weighs a ton Gotta leave the damned country just to have some fun Private suite at the track to watch the ponies run And there ain't nothing in the world that me and E ain't done But somedody's gotta do it [Outro:] [Emanon] Yo Ice, it's Brandal Rays man, he wants to know can he hang out with you and E [Ice-T:] Man, would you tell that fool! to get off my jamie man [Emanon] Yo yo yo Ice, your homeboy at Marker Show just caught up, wants to borrow some more money [Ice-T:] No Problem! small thing to a gaint, cause somedody gotta do it!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Evil E the Great Album: Rhyme Pays  Song: Our Most Requested Record [Long Version] Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * Originally appeared on Somebody Gotta Do It (Pimpin Ain't Easy!!!) 12" [Opening Skit: Evil E as Mickael] (*Phone beeped) Come On!! pick up the phone, it's getting out my bubble I got to hear this new song.. he he he!! (*Phone beeped) [Ice-T as a Radio Request Line employee] Yo, what's up? Request Line [Evil E as Mickael] Yes, this is Mickael, I'd like to hear that new song about.. AWWHHH.. Ice-T I don't know the name of it but AWWHHH.. it's bad! [Ice-T as a Radio Request Line employee] Don't worry about that homeboy, we're about to rock it That's our most requested record  [Song's Intro] [Ice-T] Yo E, what's up man? they got our record on the radio boyyyy!! [Evil:] Yo man, they're rocking our stuff, Ice man [Ice-T] I'm telling you man, this is the Most Requested Record, everybody wants to hear this record [Evil:] It's for everybody, you gotta throw this stuff by respect.. what you think? [Ice-T] I know, you know what time it is, it's flying high [Evil:] Let me do.. [Ice-T] I'ma tell them what's up! [Evil:] Yo Ice man, tell them boys what time it is ~ [Ice-T] Yo, one two, my name is Ice-T, I'm hear to let you know Rhyme Syndicate is in effect  And where ever we go, me and my posse gets stupid respect (YEAH!!) But good jerking this on juice, YEAHH!! just because where we're staying But I'm here to let you know L.A. don't take no mess, understand what I'm saying? Yo, this is the Most Requested Record, New York loves to hear this record boyy!! [Evil:] Yo man, Chicago loves this jamie, man [Ice-T] Detroit can't live without this record, man [Evil:] Yo, Memphis likes this jamie man [Ice-T] Miami wants to hear this record, and how they gonna say we ain't got beats? We got Afrika Islam man, kick the swings up the hits [Evil:] Kick it A!! [Ice-T] There it go boy, you know that swing is so fly! [Evil:] Awww Yeah, you know the flavor my man [Ice-T] And I wanna let you know the publicity charm Well, this is coming from Los Angles, you know what I'm saying? [Evil:] Yeah, L.A.'s in effect, you know what I'm saying? [Ice-T] L.A. got it going on, but what does it matter where it's from?  You just listened to the beat of the drum, you know, and we're swinging out here in California, Yeah!! [Evil:] Awww YEAH!!! [Ice-T] But they say that STILL ain't fly enough E [Evil:] Yo, what's up with them chumps Ice man, they don't understand the beats man [Ice-T] I think they wanna hear some 8OA, some boom boom!! [Evil:] Boom boom!! Aww man, let's hit them the boom boom man? [Ice-T] Low temple, you know... [Evil:] Old 8OA man, they don't know about that man [Ice-T] Temps and flavor [Evil:] Yo, let's give it some flavor, we're gonna take the bass, man [Ice-T] I don't know man, I hope they're ready, let's change the temple!! [BOTH:] AAAWWWW!! YEAHH BOYY!! it's a big world [Evil:] Awww! what you know about that? [Ice-T] We did it fly now!! Run the Power Moves on them -----------> Bushwick Bill [Ice-T] Awww Yeah, Evil-E and Ice-T in here trying to do one tip for all the ladies out there, what we're trying to do, E? Run the Power Moves on them -----------> Bushwick Bill [Ice-T] Yeah, you're knowing, all the posse deafly loves it, right? [Evil:] Yo, yo, yo, yo.. yeah!! Run the Power Moves on them -----------> Bushwick Bill [Ice-T] L.A. loves it, you know, we're kicking it man [Evil:] We're chilling, cold stupid in the place boyyy!! [Ice-T] Yeah, what?.. what?..  [L.A.P.D] Attention the inside!! This is L.A.P.D Turn the music down; or we're coming inside This is L.A.P.D!! [Ice-T] Awww man, I told you.. I told you not to play the record so loud [Evil:] Yo Ice, I won't man [Ice-T] All these.. aww man.. y'all.. hit the back door fellows..  [Evil:] Awww man, but I got a warrant man [Ice-T] Wait a minute.. hold it.. hold it.. looks like they're leaving man [Evil:] Leaving?!!! WORD!! [Ice-T] Forget the police man, turn the music back on man!! [Ice-T] Yo, they knew better than coming here [Evil:] Yeah, Word word man, they knew better than that, cause my boys are in here [Ice-T] We're just having fun, but they BETTER not coming through the door [Evil:] BETTER not man, BETTER not [Ice-T] You know what? all the people out there wanna know exactly who we are We've been talking, but they still wanna know who we are! [Evil:] Who you are Ice man? [Ice-T] Yo E, throw the jamie on, show them who we are, kick it! [Evil:] Bet man, bet it.. [Break: Evil E Scratching and cutting quotes below] I.. I.. I.. I.. I.. Ice-T UHH! -----> Ice-T I.. I.. I.. I.. I.. Ice-T ---------> Ice-T E.. E.. E.. Evil.. Evil E UHH! -----> Evil E I.. I.. I.. I.. I.. Ice-T UHH! -----> Ice-T I.. I.. I.. I.. I.. Ice-T ---------> Ice-T E.. E.. E.. Evil.. Evil E ------> Evil E FLY!! ----------> Ice-T I.. I.. I.. I.. I.. Ice-T UHH! -----> Ice-T I.. I.. I.. I.. I.. Ice-T ---------> Ice-T E.. E.. E.. Evil.. Evil E UHH! -----> Evil E [Evil:]  Yo Ice man, yo man, they don't understand about that fly Rap man  Why don't you throw them a fly jamie man [Verse One: Ice-T] Word! thinking of a demo, late nights alone in my lemo Not a Pictum my man, I'm talking black sadan Stretched like a fine truck, E counts the grants My plan; write a rhyme like nobody can Totally unpredictable, understand? (WORD!!) Talent is mine, but the judgement is yours You vibe my records, my crew tours (YEAH!!) You make request in my sale sore You clear the shelves of the record store (UHH!!) Soft core I'm not, but knowledge I got I keep my posse in effect when I rock the spot Grand hot, or maybe you forgot You should've cracked the jams early before the cops block the lights Mack magnifier, Hitman for hire Drop when I fire, watch the guard wire Ice ain't no lier, I'm never retire  Cause my back went ?? with young troops I inspire Cold as nitrogen and fold as hydrogen Thought you had a chance to wax, you better try again Hip-Hop commando, Bum Rush Rambo (UHH!!) Intelligence is my weapon, dum dump my ammo It's okay plea it, call it as you see it  I'm from L.A. ~ this joint is like Viet-nam gangs illing Wilding and killing, bars on your door please protect your children I ain't no bad guy though suckers may try, they say I'm violent WHY?!! Because I'm fly, got girls to date, therefore  Don't wanna hear no more, chauffeurs shut the damned door (WORD!!) Cause I'm a player, I ain't no Beat-boy I love the ladies and money is my real joy [Break:] [Evil:] Word Them Up! Yeah, I know that was down, yeah, you know the poetry was deaf  [Ice-T] Yeah E [Evil:] You know, just kick a little poetry for my posse Rhyme Syndicate in here [Ice-T] Hell yeah!! yeah baby, Beatmaster V rocking the drums [Evil:] Yeah, and my man Afrika Islam is on the drum [Ice-T] Charlie Jam boy, you know that, BG is in effect [Evil:] YEAH, XT, Gustie G [Ice-T] King Quality man, E-Mack Boy, E-Dubb  [Evil:] Yeah, you know what I'm saying? E-A-SKi in the house [Ice-T] Yeah, Nat the Cat, D-Rock-ing a funky beat [Evil:] Yeah, and my man Mike, Mike Love, my man Hen-Gee are stood out there baby pal [Ice-T] DAT the Most Requested Record, if you don't play this record; you'll be sorry  My whole crew is gonna come down and have to..  run a bum rush on you, you know, the same stuff took a round, you know what I'm saying? Some ?? and all that fly stuff, you know, this is what you want, the beat This is what you want to Rap, this is what you want Ice-T and DJ Evil E, 1988, taking no ?? yeah boy [Evil:] Taking out all simps and suckers, y'all know the flavor, No Time [Ice-T] The Most Requested Record, everybody loves this record, Red Alert [Evil:] Yeaaahhh, this for my man Chuck, you know what time it is Chuck [Ice-T] Houston wanna to hear this record [Evil:] L.A. knows what time it is.. ha ha! [Closing Skit:] (*Phone beeped) [Nancy] They will never pick up the phone, you're stupid!! [Rodney] There I go again Nancy, can't you see I'm trying to get through? Just calm down like a Sugar Brown (*Phone beeped) [Ice-T as a Radio Request Line employee] Yo, what's up? Request Line [Rodney] Yes, this is your homeboy Rodney from DC, wearing red, white and blue I've been trying to get through, me and Nancy just wowed about that little song from Ice-T We don't know the name of it but if you play it, we'll be more than happy [Ice-T as a Radio Request Line employee] Don't worry about it homeboy, we've just rocked it but we'll rock it again Cause that's our most requested record! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Rhyme Pays Song: Outro Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * only on the original cassette version of Rhyme Pays [Ice-T Freestyling] This album is dedicated to Rhyme Syndicate They hear my records before they're made When they just on paper; when the demo is laid At Six PM when the cops run they raid And we don't worry about suckers cause they will get sprayed PEACE!! PEACE!! PEACE!! PEACE!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Power Song: Power Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br I'm livin' large as possible,posse unstoppable Style topical,vividly optical Listen,you'll see'em sometimes I'll be'em Cops,critics and punks,necer ever wanta see me in POWER Well,that's too bad,Apocalypse Now I'm back and I'm mad We're comin',you're runnin' cold and cunning Ice T on the mic,TopGunning After your neck,checkin' respect,makin' you sweat Rhyme Syndicate boy in effect The rap motivator,teacher,talker,night rhyme stalker Words thrillin',so real they're chillin',the hit author Gettin' louder than a shot gun,you don't want none RHYME PAYS was the name of the album But that was number one,this is the number two The posse grew,we're gonna break through Power Somebody line up the suckers who refuse to recognize the truth Tie up the punks who refuse to understand the youth My posse's growin' and it's gettin' larger every day Detroit,Chi-Town,Pittsburgh,Houston,L.A. Come on,come on,come on,toys,let's play Circle the calendar,perpetrator doomsday ICE T fool man of my own full grown I cause havoc when I speak upon the microphone I'm outspoken,no jokin',get in my face your jaw will get broken Layin' it,sayin' it,then you're playing it Lyrics so heavy that you might try weighin' it Hated by many but I hate'em back Loved by troopers who know where it's at You might like me,might think I'm wack But don't step to me 'cause the boy stays strapped I'm taking no shorts,hatin' the courts,hatin' the judges Punk DA's with their personal grudges I hate the clubs that think with their butts No hats,no jeans,no sneakers,no what? No beepers,no gold? Yo kiss my ass We'll wait and see who gets the last laugh We'll have the power Power (x3) Power it starts with P like pussy She knows she's got it,she doesn't worry,does she? Spendin' your cash,leavin' you in the trash While your little head's thinkin',they're gone in a dash They got it,know it,that's why they show it The power of sex,if man could overthrow it He'd be king in a day,no way.We get rich,hard,give it away We're weak and as we speak,the girls are hawkin' Sizin' me up straight out as I'm talkin' But you gotta have control if you want the gold I don't wanta be alone like Stallone So I keep my mind thinkin' 'bout the green And stop dwellin' on the in-between I got the power Power I'm on a mission mackin' hard as a hammer Take my picture,I might take your camera My posse might move,and they move fast A fool's move could be a punk's last Ain't no criminal although I used to be Ain't no new jack rappin' ain't new to me I been makin' records on wax since 1982 Now it's 1988 finally I'm coming through That adds up to six years of makin' ok jams,but now I'm mad Here comes the body slam Turnin' out concerts,house'n the industry Lovin' all the fly girls screamin' for ICE T Rollin' with the Syndicate my unstoppable battalion 38 Solid gold my medalion Gainin' velocity,momentum and energy ICE Capital T I got the power Power So you say that I'm a fake think,you really must be a fool I been to jail more times than you have probably been in school Shot at,shot back,hit,and seen my buddies killed That's the foundation upon the raps of ICE-T are built I say what I think,the system does stink Money you walk,you short,you're writin' from the klink Come on,what's up,you know the laws are full of bull Prey on the lame,release those with pull Power!I know you wanta try it Well check out money can buy it Control and mold the world to do your wishin' The knowledge of power is mine,so just listen Money controls the world and that's it And once you got it,then you can talk shit Power You have the power Power You have the power I got the power(fade out) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Power Song: Drama Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br Cruisin' for a bruisin',I'm talkin' no crap Pipe bomb in my trunk,got a nine in my lap I'm layin' for a sprayin',tonight there's no playin' My posse's most strapped,tonight the crew's weighin' Dust is burnin',the steering wheel's turnin' I'm out a week,I'm already earnin' Suckers crossed,tonight it's their loss Payback time,boy,life's the cost Gauges out the window,one lay cross the roof They all die if those suckers ain't bullet proof I'm rollin' death tollin',of course the car's stolen But I'm blind to what's wrong,all I want is what's golden A fool in a fight,too dumb to know right Fuckin' blue light-read'em their rights Drama (x4) Copped an alias bailed out in an hour or less I keep a bank for that don't know about the rest Copped another piece,hit the dark streets Rollin' once again,fuck the damn police Called up my friend JOE, a roof job pro,459 on his mind car stereos He said the spot was sleep,he cased the joint a week 3 a.m. on the dot inside we creep Got Alpines,Fishes,JVC's, Motorola Phones,Sony Color TV's Had the hide packed up till we heard freeze Fuckin' blue lights-read'em their rights Drama (x4) 4 in the morning,lights in my face That's the time,you know the place Cuffed in the room with the two-way glass Detects in effect cold doggin' my ass "What's your date of birth?"..."What's your real name?" I stuck to my alias,I know the game If they don't know who you are,then they don't know what you've done "You're just makin' this harder on yourself,son" I know this shit by heart,I'm too clever "Have you ever been arrested before?" "Nope,never" Da reject all over his face You see no confession,no case Then my boy started illin',talkin' and tellin' Son of a bitch-he was a snitch Drama (x6) Under I went,I caught a case and half He dropped the mallet,then the judge laughed Now I'm in the penzo,chillin' like a real pro I can't move until the man says go A puppet of the big game,an institutional thing I wouldn't be here if I fed my brain Got knowledge from school books,instead of street crooks Now all I get is penitentiary hard looks The joint is like an oven of caged heat You're just a number,another piece of tough meat Killers and robbers are all you great Act soft you will get beat On death row they got their own hot seat For those who feel that they are truly elite The last thing you see's a priest The lights dim-your life ends Drama The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Power Song: Heartbeat Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br Once again,my friends,it's time to rock it till the party ends Rhymin' with timin',while EVIL E lets the record spin Kickin' it,hittin',rockin',just so dope it's shockin' Because I be layin' rhymes super sly,'cause this is do or die Make it or break it,although most emcees do fake it I'll say the ICE can't take it,time to microphone bake it Raise the heatin' level,break out your coal shovel Pump the temp,I'm sweatin' like a devil Listen to my heartbeat,it's beatin' like a wild man But that's natural,'cause you know that I am No punk,no chump,no fool,no toy Try to get ill and serve you,boy I'm on a hype tip,this ain't no ego trip Just rollin' thick as hell,champagne I sip as well Listen and you'll envision,this rap's metabolism I think the beat is dope,but it's still your decision Whether to turn it on,turn it off Turn it up,make it loud,make it soft EQ me with new frequencies or Just rewind me till the tape bleeds My heartbeat's kickin' like a saturday movie Some say it's def,some say it's groovy I say it's fly,you know why? Because it's spoken by the brother,whose name is spent with the "I" The C-E-T.,Cold Chillin' rhyme villain on the M-I-C. With raps roarin',I'm never borin',I keep tourin' My record sales keep soarin' and soarin' I'll make a million,maybe two Buy some rides,gold blow the dough on my crew Wake up the next morning broke as hell But not for long 'cause my records sell My heartbeat's kickin' like a gun shot Why not?That's who I made it for,the hardrocks Better watch your gold when the posse breaks Because what they want is what they take But I'm coolin',I'm never foolin',too busy rulin' Sucker emcees who need microphone schoolin' Leave'em dazed,dogged,served and droolin' By the playin' punk slayin' mac of microphone duelin' Heartbeat(scratch freestyle) This conglomeration is just a demonstration Of rap's penetration to the core of our nation Some rappers get down with toy commercial sounds I had my choice,I chose the underground Like me or hate me,now if you want you can rate me My beat is by ISLAM,the cut's by the great E. My heartbeat is kickin',it's kickin' louder and louder It's gettin' deffer and deffer,I'm feelin' prouder and prouder Not robbin' or killin',just mic illin' The phone rings,"WE MADE ANOTHER MILLION" Break out the Dom and pop the corks Catch a flight to New York Hit the L.Q. watch RED spin,"IT'S CLOSED" Brooklyn strikes again Heartbeat(scratch) Once again,my friends,it's time to rock it till the party ends Rhymin' with timin',while EVIL E lets the record spin Kickin' it,hittin',rockin',just so dope it's shockin' Because I be layin' rhymes super sly,'cause this is do or die Make it or break it,although most emcees do fake it I'll say the ICE can't take it,time to microphone bake it Raise the heatin' level,break out your coal shovel Pump the temp,I'm sweatin' like a devil Listen to my heartbeat,it's beatin' like a wild man But that's natural,'cause you know that I am No punk,no chump,no fool,no toy Try to get ill and serve you Boy(fade out) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Donald-D, Hen-Gee Album: Power Song The Syndicate Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ Ice-T ] Liquid, solid, gas - we'll be kickin ass In any form, or matter, or mass (This ain't science class) I know but it's science From the rhyme boss of the Syndicate alliance ( ? ) Rhyme Syndicate brotherhood, we rock a blood oath Radical posse down to death While your crew's on the tape, Donald-D break [ Donald-D ] Syndicate comin through, I'm talkin to you Flexin hardcore, what could you do? When we roll up you send your girl up to the crib-o Is it Rambo? No, the mic ammo Stompin you down on the ground, task forces Let you know Rhyme Syndicate bosses Any show, any tour, we house program Donald-D is who I am, damn [ Hen-Gee ] Atttempt to do this, boy, you're takin a risk Cause my voice sounds doper than a compact disc Styles and lyrics ( ? ) in the pocket Stupid dope beats and Evil E rocks it ( ? ) straight from my heart My jam is sure to hit the top of the charts Ram is my sign, he's different from all kinds Rock you all of the time, just form a single line [ Ice-T ] A lot of MC's like to talk 'bout they self A first-grade topic, I think you need help How many time on one album can you say you're def? "I'm baaaad" - Yo punk, save your breath That's weak shit from a weak mind And a weak mind creates weak rhymes You ain't never kicked knowledge one time Just livin on your own dick (that's a crime) Homeboy, why don't you talk about somethin You just talkin loud and sayin nothin And if you get mad, sorry brother And when you're in LA, watch your colors [ Donald-D ] I'm a MD, but no medical doctor Mic-Dominator Donald-D has got you Comin to the jamboree to hear the poetry And when you break north, the melody Stick to your mind like paste, it can't be erased Face to face I overpower like bass To the climax, I don't carry a sax I carry a axe to tax and wax those who rap [ Hen-Gee ] Born in Brooklyn, crib West Coast MC's I toast, you that talk most Trash, noise, can't throw, get with it Comin from the mouth of Hen-Gee from the Syndicate Ballers, mafia down to throw Gangsters, convicts throwin solid blows Start prayin, your sisters I'm layin I'm Hen-Gee, a Spinmaster, hear what I'm sayin? (Party on the dancefloor) ( *DJ Evil E cuts up* ) (Evil E's in the place) (Doggin the wax) [ Hen-Gee ] An organization, alliance, no duplication Rhyme Syndicate, a strong creation The Syndicate's stronger day by day 12-gauge leave suckers brutally.. Layin in a ( ? ) Your lines are thin, Hen-Gee came to win Don't talk a bunch, just known to crunch My one-two punch will put your butt out to lunch [ Donald-D ] Full-court pressure's what I'm applyin No relyin on the next man, roar like a lion Flexin, plexin ultra, the Bronx is my culture Strikin hard like a vulture Flingin, I'm slingin my hammer like Thor No singin, bringin it raw to the core Shogun assassin maxin in a limousine You stick your head in, out comes the guillotine [ Ice-T ] ( ? ) the game as I kick it Don't miss it, get with it Diss it, you're a knucklehead evicted From the crowd that's proud to be the Syndicate connection Respect mandatory, up is the direction I stand alone, one man that's true But you, my crew, you're on my side We're on a ride Power and pride is our gift And you're down with The Syndicate The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Power Song: Radio Suckers Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br People,it's time for the Ice crush So listen to my words I bring much Sense,as I commence,my lirycs intense Get telephoto,break out your big lens Look,check out the sales charts My record's kickin',I'm breakin' P.D.'s hearts They banned me from their shows Because they said I'm too hard But no sell-out,I guess I'm just barred I ain't changin' mine for no body They bleeped words from Doug's LA-DE-DA-DE I can't get a bleep?What's the deal? Maybe my words are just too real It's not profanity,it's just the man and me He doesn't want you to see what I see Doesn't want you to be what you can be Word,censorship of reality Radio suckers never play me(x3)(sampler of PE "rebel without a pause") Suckers don't,but some do The real troopers bring the ICE to you And close friends to me,yea,PUBLIC ENEMY These stations have high intellect They don't pretend to be,too bourgeois to rock a jam raw Understand what I'm sayin',they're down by law They play the jams that are right,sometimes not polite They realize you gotta get some people uptight Speak the word,your voice will definitely be heard Lie to yourself,you're destined to be to the curb Some stations don't care,they'll never put on the air Nothin' but commercial junk,their brain power's impaired They don't listen or try to hear what I write Maybe just think once,or try some school at night They're makin' radio wack,people have to escape But even if I'm banned,I'll sell a million tapes Radio suckers never play me (x3) I made records for music,not for the money To some of you that might sound funny But I ain't broke,and I don't joke And my lirics are known to make ears smoke Clear as a gun scope,I speak the pure dope Can the radio handle the truth?...Nope Uncut,no edits,no censors You can get a plastic rapper from any ol'dispenser A penny a yard,to make a record ain't hard But to make it mean something,that's a job But then we do it,they refuse it So I tell them duck suckers to cold go screw it We shouldn't sell out,we should just yell out And get them wack motherfuckers the hell out Radio suckers never play me (x4) Cruisin' down the street what do I see? Crash Task Force,L.A.P.D. Gangs illin',wildin' and killin' Hustlers on a roll,like they got a million Girls on the strap and you know that You know the guys will stop wildin' if you stop that crap But you can't,you want money so bad You'll jock anything with the Gucci tag You gotta have it,so the men go get it Robbin' and stealin',soon to regret it Livin' in a jail cell,feelin' like a dumbbell While you jump the next jock,well That's reality,that's what I see Nobody says that you have to agree Censorship that ain't the way to be I thought you said this country was free? Radio suckers never play me (x2) Tone it down,...Is what they say to me The FCC will not allow profanity Your subject matter's too hard,make a love song You better get real,come on I ain't no lover,I'm a fighter Hard core radical rap rhyme writer Pushin' the botton,E does the cuttin' Everything I say amounts to something More than a single rap,I'm too deep for that I lay my lirics with logic,press the wax Play it on your tape deck,feel the effect If you can't take the heat,eject But I know you can,'cause you're an ICE-T fan No sell-outs here,my man Radio....(fade out) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Afrika Islam, Curtis Mayfield Album:  Power Song:   I'm Your Pusher Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br, dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Afrika Islam] Yo, what's up man? - I need to get high, man I need to get hold of some big time dope, man You know where I can get a key? [Ice-T] I know where you can get an LP [Afrika Islam] LP man? - have you went crazy man? I'm talking about some dope, man I need to get high right now, man Why don't you hook me up with a five-0? [Ice-T] I can hook you up with a 12 Inch [Afrika Islam] 12 Inch, man? - You done went crazy? You don't even know what time it is, out here on the streets And don't know what time it is man, you was a fool! [Ice-T] Yo homeboy, YOU'RE a fool, you don't know what time it is  Out here messing up your mind, you know what I'm saying? This is Ice-T talking to you boy, I'ma tell you what TIME it is [Verse One: Ice-T] Yo, it's time for me to pump up the volume No problem, the record's revolving Evil's the mixer, I'm the rap Trickster Paparazzi is on the bum rush for pictures Ice, cooling, yo, colder than ever Punk executioner, E pulled the lever Rotate the wax then cut and axe the tracks Push up the levels, til the red lights max Don't try to size up, you better wise up To the rap criminals, we're on the rise up We're selling dope, til we're succeeded Dope beats and lyrics, no beepers needed For this drug deal, I'm the big wheel The dope I'm selling, you don't smoke, you feel Out on the dancefloor, on my world tour I'm selling dope in each and every record store I'm the kingpin when the wax spins Crack or smack will take you to a sure end You don't need it, just throw that stuff away You wanna get high? - Let the record play [Afrika Islam] Oh! man, I like this dope hit man It's feeling alright boy, what you say your name was man? [Chorus: Curtis Mayfield] I'm your momma, I'm your daddy, I'm that nigga in the alley I'm the brother when you need, a true player to MC You know me, I'm your friend, your main boy thick and thin MC Ice-T, I'm your pusher [Verse Two: Ice-T] I know you're loving this drug as it's coming out your speakers Bass through the buttons, highs through the tweeters But this base, you don't need a pipe Just a tempo to keep your hype Grooving like I see you doing Some stupid crack, would just ruin Your natural high, why? - that ain't fly And anyone who says it is, lies Move like I knew you would, like I knew could And if you ain't cracked out, then I know you should Be able to give me a clap, to match exact with the track And since I know that you ain't, I expect that Oh! now this jam is lit, it's like the ultimate People high off dope but still physically fit I'll make a million bucks, pack my dough in trucks From selling dope beats, dope rhymes, dope cuts I'll be the biggest dope dealer in history Because all the fly will be high off that Ice-T [Afrika Islam] Oh! man, you ain't never lied, man, this dope is alright, man I got to get back with you, man, let me get your number, man [Chorus: Curtis Mayfield] [Verse Three: Ice-T] I'll bring it to boil or Evil E rock it up You want end? - I don't think you got enough Last suckers crossed, Syndicate shot them up Cops found them in the lake bottom up I don't play when it comes to my dope I check my lyrics close, like with a microscope I don't clean them up with no ivory soap I leave them hard and pure, hope that you can cope Cause you might O.D. if you overdrive This record, tape or CD, because the sound I've Created on this wax is like a chemical And the knowledge I give, makes me invincible [Islam] Oh! Mr. Dope Man, I'm loving you, man You got it going on, man - what else you got? [Ice-T] I got some of that Kool Moe Dee [Islam] Oh! yeah, man, I want some of that, man [Ice-T] Got some Doug E. Fresh [Islam] Oh! give me an ounce of that man, I want that all night long [Ice-T] Got some Eric B. & Rakim [Islam] Oh! that is some real dope right there [Ice-T] Got some of that LL Cool J [Islam] No, no man, I don't want none of that man, you can keep that man [Ice-T] Got some Boogie Down Productions, KRS-One [Islam] Oh! now you're talking man, come on! [Ice-T] Public Enemy.. [Islam] Yeah, don't stop, don't stop! [Ice-T] Biz Markie.. [Islam] Make the music with your mouth Biz, I love it [Chorus: Curtis Mayfield] [Verse Four: Ice-T] The cops just don't know what to do, because my dope breaks through No matter what they do, my stuff gets to you Kicking on the Boulevard, my tempo's hyped and hard I don't ask, the Ice just Bogards Sire Records puts me out, with Warner Brothers' clout My dope hits the street with no doubt Evil E adds the cut, then removes it Is' checks for purity, and then approves it And then you get it, try it, and like it And if it ain't potent, we'll remix and spike it To bring you the pure dope, not a noose in a rope Cause if you're doing crack, you're on death row You're just a toy punk, to mess with that junk You want some real dope, come look in my trunk The dope I'm selling is life, a hundred percent legit So get real fool, and try some real hit [Afrika Islam] Word up! my brother, you got me high as a kite I feel good tonight, Ice-T man, you're alright! [Chorus: Curtis Mayfield] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T		 Album: Power Song: Personal	 Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br Emcee's no time out,it's time to rhyme out You've dug your own grave,now you must climb out Dig out,crawl out,hide from the fallout 'Cause when I get mad I go all out ICE cooler than the coldest cube,dude And when I'm micin',boy,I'm know to get rude Criminal background,it's time to get down I use a silencer,don't like the loud sound Off my mic blast,you better run fast The last punk that popped junk passed Spit on his grave,laughed,jumped in my stretch Signed his bitch an autograph Syndicate boy,I don't fool out You're full grown,school's out You try to diss?..I think you better cool out 'Cause your butt is smoke,if we ever duel out This jam is directed,to all of those who expected For me to cold be rejected,but now I'm highly respected  And now their ears are infected With dollar signs I've collected Jealous punks,I said it! Personal Take a personal Take it personal,punk,I'm talkin' to you And if they agree with you,then your crew too I never diss an emcee,I wish'em all good luck But if you diss me to my face,duck My style don't ramble,you shouldn't gamble With your grill,I got a fist like an anvil I write a record,lock it on the topic EVIL and IZ dog the track,then we drop it Record stores rock it,stock it,fans buy it People that never heard of ICE-T try it Then you try to diss? You got gall I got gold on my neck and gold on my wall Gold in my fingers,gold in my ear When this jam's spinnin',gold's what you hear Toy,this ain't Christimas,no time to play I ain't no child,punk,you'll get sprayed Illin' on a mega-villan You must want a pine box to go chill in Buried deep,creep,no one will weep 'Cause the next night with your bitch I'll sleep Personal Take it personal I ain't East Coast,West Coast,new style,or old style You wanna know about me? Check police files Get out my face or you might have a bruised one Brass knuckle prints? Yes,I used some I ain't here to boast,I don't do that When I talk it's straight dope,pure facts I rock hard but still called a new jack But talk shit,you're sure to get heard cracked I don't drink or smoke or do dumb drugs But my posse's still labeled street thugs L.A.P.D's got all my boy's mugs Can't use my phone for the damn bugs I live in privacy,don't like suckers hawking me News reporters,some think they can talk for me Lies,misquotes,changin' all my words around But if I catch'em on the street they'll get beat down They get money for hype-type publicity They don't think twice,about dissin' me But that's a mistake,with tha SYNDICATE you shoudn't mess I hope those punk reporters wear vests! Personal Take that personal Now the words I speak to some may sound radical But I'll explain,it's simply mathematical You diss,I diss,this is creates an equal You reply to my diss,this is called a sequel I reply to your diss,this is called a battle Not intelligent,not very adult So I don't battle,I just put heads out A straight line is always the direct route I write lyrics clear,to leave no doubt Don't even have to say who I'm speakin' about You know who you are,you just jealous 'Cause you hear my records are million sellers Try to say I'm wack,out on the streets While your whole crew is jockin' my beats See me on T.V. and in the papers See me at a jam,and catch vapors! Personal Artist: Ice-T Album: Power Song: L.G.B.N.A.F. Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br 1-2, 1-2-1-2-3, I'm the emcee called Ice-T That's DJ Evil E, Islam creates the beats You girls look so sexy I wish you all were up here with me You drive me crazy with those big ole butts Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck! Tonight,I wanta make this real clear,dear I've no time to whisper in your ear No time to remove our fears I just wanta get near Get butt naked and roll around Move our bodies like up and down Do that stuff that your mama call smut! Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck! Come on,you know you wanta do it,too It's good to me,and it's good to you I only speak what's true You say you don't,but I know you do Come on up to my room We'll undress by the light of the moon Lay down and I'll caress that butt Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck! I mean real stupid and nasty I know what you wnat,so you don't have to ask me Just lay back and I'll operate Jimbraski will go to work and penetrate And then we'll both feel great Make your move tonight,girl,don't hesitate We both want it,don't make it tough Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck! Homeboys,you know the situation You're trying to rap but they give you frustration Nose in the air,turnin' you down When you really wanta say! "Yo baby let's get down" But you don't,you keep frontin' Kickin' conversation,ain't talkin' 'bout nothin' When all that's really on your mind is what? "Yo baby L.G.B.N.A.F." That's right if you're a man you want it If you're a woman you tease him and flaunt it But my crew got to have it And after they dog it,I autograph it The SYNDICATE don't lecture We move in a group,seduce and capture And if the posse has good luck Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck! ISLAM takes the pictures And girls,I'm a say EVIL E's gonna get ya Get ya illin' in a nude mode A double X-rated episode Hotel rooms cold explode,when my posse unloads Sex in effect when we're on the road Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck! Throw your hands up in the air If you love sex I know you're out there Safe sex that is,ya gotta be careful with this 88 sex biz But that's another song Girls,move your bodies sexy and the brothers will come along Homeboys,move in on that butt and say! Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Power Song: High Rollers Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br Speed of life,fast,it's like walkin' barefoot over broken glass It's like,jumpin' rope on a razor blade All lightning quick decisions are made Lifestyle plush,females rush This high profile personality,who earns his pay illegally Professional liar,schoolboys admire Young girls desire,very few live to retire Cash flow extreme,dress code supreme,vocabulary obscene Definition-street player,you know what I mean The high rollers (x2) People of the city,stop foolin' yourself Crime rules the streets,who the hell else All the police have gone out to play Because for enough cold cash they'll look the other way Just look at the cars as they go by Benz,Ferraris,trucks up high Beepers connecting players to big-time deals With all of this technology who needs to steal Just live a life of leisure every night and day And you're livin' proof that crime does pay Your life is dangerous and reckless You eat fly guys and girls for breakfast You're a titan of the nuclear age Your muscles flex with a Uzi or 12 gauge And you love the game,that's why you boast Because you're high priced,high speed.high post You're a high roller High rollers When I say high rollers,I mean the best Forget the half-steppers,eject the rest Because these high ranked officials of our city streets Make millions all triggered by electric beeps They dress in diamonds and rope chains They got the blood of SCARFACE runnin' through their veins Silk shirts,leather suits,hair always fresh Eelskin boots,large hearts,though their sizes vary Bankrolls that take 2 pockets to carry Cruisin' in their 500 Benz Sedan With their systems peaked out rockin' PUSHER MAM Yes,their fashion's high and hard to beat They buy their GUCCI from GUCCI'S not the swapmeet Eat very weel,much clientele And whatever you need,they probably sell The high rollers (x2) Oh yes,I'm here to tell you females also roll Drive the same cars,somethimes wear more gold Cold as an igloo,or hot as a flame They'll shake ya,break ya and you won't know their name Gangsters to the max,all marks will be taxed These girls drive FERRARIS not CADILLACS Respect is demanded,most men don't understand it Till they peep the huge bank that these girls have landed They're junkies for fun,love life on the run And if things get hot,they will pull a gun Prey on the lame,no shame to the game And they all seek POWER,fuck the fame The high rollers (x2) Now radio stations probably won't play This record because of the things I say They'll say I'm glamorizing the hustlin' hood And a record like this can do no good But I'm not here to tell ya right or wrong I don't know which side of the law you belong Yes,the game has flash,but sometimes hurts Behind any mistake,hard times lurks And jail's not your only problem,though it may seem You just may die by a barrage from an M-16 But to each his own,choose the mobile phone The tailored suit,the luxury home You'll never get caught,'cause you got nerves of ice And you're much smarter than those crooks on Miami Vice Right You wanta be a high roller High roller The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Power Song: Grand Larceny Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br Stick up,hands in the air You move,you lose 'cause the ICE don't care No chance to run,don't shout Flinch an inch I'm gonna take you out Grand Larcenist,soloist,felonist,vocalist Crime's my rhyme,but here's a new twist I ain't here for your gold,bro All I want is the show This is Grand Larceny This is Grand Larceny (x3) I lay low for a show,and then I go Steal the motherfucker then we count the dough It's kinda like robbin',but it's legally done And now days if it ain't legal I don't fuck around I get a thrill when I ill and a jam is filled With 10.000 screamin' people,now that's the pill Who's gonna dog the set? The ICE will And once I'm in effect it's overkill Kinda like a hold-up.all the tickets sold up And then the black stretch limo cold rolls up And then the posse breaks,high off the Cold Duck And then I set the mic to show destruct Even if we open up,it don't mean nothing I rock the rhymes.E does the cuttin' Call it shownappin' I take a hostage a night Do shit and break out on the next flight This is Grand Larceny Grand Larceny I'm a kleptomaniac when a jam is packed You can fight all night,but you'll still get jacked By the show stealer,crime rhyme dealer Rap king pin,L.A. big-wheeler Got a posse so strong they could lift a tank Rob a bank But now we steal shows the cops say thanks Breathe easy 'cause the Syndicate deep Before we start rappin' They got no sleep This is Grand Larceny Grand Larceny Just give me a beat,give me a stage to stand on I know that none ya'll ever planned on A dude from L.A. who could rock shit this way Have his record go gold,with no radio play But it happened,The Ice is rappin' Just listen to my fans that are clappin' Or come to my show.sit in the front row And watch me steal the motherfucker before your ass can say "HO" I'm like a time bomb,but I'm a rhyme bomb Spray the whole audience with napalm Or something just as hot,I'll bust a rhyme,why not? Rap hittin' so hard,you'll think you shot I'll take a show and abduct it Stone cold house it,and if it gets wild With gasoline I'll douse it Set it ablaze,and then I'll stomp it out Many burnt emcees know what I'm talkin' about This is Grand Larceny Promoters on my tail now 'Cause they billed me low Here I am 'bout to steal another show So they turn my mic down Fuck up my audio sound But too late,we just dogged another town Rappin' like a Mac 10,as soon as I begin The only way to stop the stealin' Is throw me in the pen But that will never happen 'Cause I'm just cool rappin' My Larceny is legal,so sorry Captain I would never steal a rap But I'll steal a show in a minute It's as simple as that An interstate crook,my pistol's my rhyme book Any show that I'm on is a show that's took Better watch my left hook,or your jaw will get shook If my posse gets mad,it's best you book From the Grand Larcenist,ICE-T is my name Got a rap like a mac,and a game he same This is Grand Larceny (x3) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Power Song Soul on Ice Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch It was a Saturday night on the streets of Cali Threw on my dope silk suit, brushed off my suede Bally's Threw on enough gold for any girl's pleasure Left a pound and a half of that shit still in the dresser I slapped a clip in my nine, threw a clip in my sock Hit three grand up off the dresser, it was ten on the dot Now my beeper started beepin, I threw that shit in the sink I didn't need it no more, I had more money than Prince See, I was quittin the game and tonight was my fling You see, on the streets they're players but only one king Now that's the title I held but the game is real fast You gotta get in and get out if you expectin to last Now my homeboy Evil was downstairs chillin in his brand new Benz I had many adversaries but very few close friends We broke to the set, E parked the car on the grass High-signin was his trademark and he did it with class Hit the door like two titans, the whole jam stopped to stare And as we walked through the crowd they threw bills in the air I spied my man Jazz maxin out with two stone cold freaks "Yo, what's up Ice, you rich now, man, you too good to speak?" Now Jazz was a player from the east coast, the Bronx He was known to be hard on the women and a brother he'd stomp Smack a bitch in a minute, some say just for fun And he was known for his chrome-plated pearl-handled gun "Yo Ice, you my brother and I love you and all But what's up with that six g's you owe me, man ...'member when your boys took that fall? And I posted the bail cause yo ass was locked up" Evil gave Jazz ten g's and Jazz shut the fuck up Just then I saw Donald-D hit the front door More gold than a Aztec, black leather he wore Hoes grabbed for they niggaz when D hit the set Cause what Donald-D wanted is what Donald-D'd get Donald's eyes hit mine and a smile crossed his face Then a light hit his ring and blinded the whole goddamn place "Yo Ice, you the coolest and Evil, you mean But I got the fliest new shit rollin off gasoline" Everyone in the party moved quickly outside To see Donald-D's ultimate Superfly ride It was black, it was low, cost twice that of my Porsche A Testarossa Ferrari - convertable of course It purred like a jet, "Yo man, I bought it with cash" It had 'Donald-D' written in gold on the dash Then out of nowhere came a shot across the street I felt pain in my chest and my knees got weak There was blood on my hands and I fell to the ground And all I could hear was, "Yo, Ice is down!" Somebody had shot me that night that I quit The night that I ended all this hustlin playin shit It's ironic ain't it, the night I retired Would be the same night that my whole life expired The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Jello Biafra Album: The Iceberg   Freedom Of Speech, Just Watch What You Say... Song: Shut Up, Be Happy We interrupt this program with a special bulletin:  America is now under marshall law. All constitutional rights have been suspended. Stay in your homes. Do not attempt to contact love ones, insurance agent or attorney. Shut up. Do not attempt to think or depression may accure. Stay in your homes. Curfew is at 7 PM sharp after work. Anyone gaught outside of gates of their suveillance sectors after curfew will be shot. Remain calm, do not panic. Your neighborhood watchofficer will be by to collect urine examples in the morning. Anyone gaught intefering with the collection of urine examples will be shot. Stay in your homes, remain calm. The number one enemy of progress is question. National security is more important than individual will. All port broadcasts will proceed as normal. No more than two people may gather anywhere without promission. Use only the drugs described by your boss or supervisor. Shut up, be happy. Obey all orders without question. The comformental mandor is now mandatory. Be happy. At last everything is done for you. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: The Iceberg/Freedom of Speech Song: The Iceberg  Verse 1  I-C-E B-E-R-G  What's that spell? Iceberg, nigga, can't you read?  Time to bleed, slaughter, slice  Try to say I wasn't nice as we waxed them punks like lab mice  Dice 'em up, slice 'em up, dissect  Put you in a boilin' pot and let your ass sweat  Cos I rap on game you think I'm weak in a freestyle?  Well 911 you should dial  Before my posse makes a move on your mom's crib  Think we got knives and guns? We got bombs, kid  Blow up your whole block, ya hear the gunshots  Throw you in the Syndicate cellar and let your body rot  Cos I'm the coldest motherfucker that you ever heard  Call me The Ice...or just The Iceberg  Verse 2  Evil E was out coolin' with a freak one night  Fucked the bitch with a flashlight  Pulled it out and left the batteries in  So he could get a charge when he begin  Used his dick, the shit was tight  Bitch's titties start blinkin' like tail lights  Rolled her over to change a connection  The bitch's ugly face cold spoiled his erection  I'm the Ice rhymer, a big timer  And yes I'm a pimp and a player and a hustler and kinda  A mack and a poet, impressive I know it  Don't only rhyme for niggas cos I live my life co-ed  On the mic it's livin' breathin' hype  A 1989 type Dolemite  Cool motherfucker, word  Call me The Ice...or just The Iceberg  Verse 3  Charlie Jamm fucked a freak on a ski-lift  10 below, gave her the dick  It was cold and she said "Quit!"  Charlie Jamm said "Bullshit!"  She said "Oh, oh, oh my god!"  Charlie's dick was frozen hard  But she said she never felt it  Maybe Charlie's dick melted  Yes, I'm the rhyme kicker, the hard liquor  Parental Guidance Sticker? Yeah, I'm the nigga  Triple X is how I rate  I'm the one your parents hate  I'm as cold as cold can get  Under pressure never sweat  Cool motherfucker, word  Call me The Ice...or just The Iceberg  Verse 4  Out with the posse on a night run  Girls on the corner, so let's have some fun  Donald asked one if she was game  Back Alley Sally was her name  She moved on the car and moved fast  On the window pressed her ass  All at once we heard a crash  Donald's dick had broke the glass  Yes, I'm the big wheeler, the girl stealer  And if we play cards don't let me be the dealer  The Ice, cool as water, hard as stone  The black mack of the microphone  Talkin' shit the way I do  Rhyme Pays, the posse grew  Did you like Power? Word  Well this is The Ice...or just The Iceberg The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: The Iceberg/Freedom of Speech... Song: Lethal Weapon Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice-T] E-V-I-L E and Ice-T are on a jack move Layin down the dope groove, smokin those who disapprove Wreckin the deck, you'll regret if you cross punk Rollin like a Mack truck, waxin those who talk junk Violent your end, I got your face in my crosshairs Wanna see your dome bust sucker cause I don't care Nuttin bout you, your crew, because you talk shit I'm the Lethal Weapon boy, ridin the apocalypse If you're in my way, then lay beneath the ground soon Violence is my business fool, the microphone of doom Mission that's to cure all punks as I bust caps Peelin your back, my ammunition hollow-point raps You try to run, that makes it even more fun I just cold lamp and vamp you with the shotgun Cops try to flex.. but guns they'll never find.. My Lethal Weapon's my mind! Chorus: Rakim, "Microphone Fiend" (repeat 2X) "A lethal weapon..  A lethal weapon..  A lethal weapon..  An assassinator, if the people ain't steppin" * * skip second line on second repeat [Ice-T] You hit the deck, as rap busts from my lips You think I'm finished - I load another clip Look in my face, I crack an evil grin Lyrics bring death from the microphone Mac-10 Sucker MC's, you ain't down with the Syndicate Try to kick game, but end up talkin weak shit, yo You're weak, you're wack, you need to quit you lil punk bitch Go and freak your mother, go dig a damn ditch Get out my face, I'm tired of the press too You write about me, I write about you You think I'm violent, but listen and you will find.. My Lethal Weapon's my mind! Chorus [Ice-T] Up against the wall - it's Valentine's Day The Massacre's about due for a replay I'm about to explode - like a hand grenade Evil E do damage on the crossfade {*Evil E scratches*} Cuts like a battleaxe You try to bite, get iced, my raps are boobytraps Claim of mine, designed by the Ice himself You beg for mercy as you read the hand you're dealt {*screaming "Ah ahh ahh AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!"*} Cause there's no let up, you walked into a set up It's suckin you down and now you can't get up Why because you froze the moment we met up And I never run punk, I go head up I ain't no fool and new jack poppin fake rap I rap from the heart and soul, where only facts are kept Many rappers sell-out pop and other MC's slept I ain't in no playin mood, so nigga watch your step Cause if you cross the boss, you go to bed quick Know my situation boy, don't diss the Syndicate cause when we chose to move, you're gone and no remains they'll find.. My Lethal Weapon's my mind! Chorus [Ice-T] More bodies than John Gotti, the Lethal Weapon is slaying Just open any book, that's ammo to the brain What really matters, is how well is your weapon trained Some would say genius, while others would say insane The Weapon power has been witnessed upon my page From Martin Luther's "dream", to Hitler's psycho rage What's more powerful - the brain or a twelve gauge? The words I speak have scared many people to this stage But promote violence, I really have to disagree It's entertainment, like "Terminator" on TV But some'll never see, you're stupid ignorant and blind The Lethal Weapon's the mind! Chorus [Ice-T] The mind.. Think! The mind.. YouknowhatI'msayin? I got my jammy with me at all times, youknowhatI'msayin? They can't take this one thing away from me that's got more power, than any gun in the world, youknowhatI'msayin? I'm talkin bout brain power homeboy They can't mess with me cause I'm too smart for them out there youknowhatI'msayin? Fully strapped, always packed Go to the library and get some more ammo, youknowhatI'msayin? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: The Iceberg/Freedom of Speech Song: You Played Yourself  Verse 1  This is it, dope from the fly kid  The Ice mic is back with the high bid  Suckers you've lost cos players you're not, gangstas you ain't  You're faintin', punk, if you ever heard a gunshot  Yo, the pusher, the player, the pimp gangsta, the hustler  High Roller, dead pres folder  Is cold lampin' like a black king on a throne  Evil E...turn up the microphone  So I can ill and break on the rollin' tape  Another album to make? Great  Islam turn the bass kick up a bit  Hype the snare, now I got a place to sit  And ride the track like a black mack in his 'lac  Hit the corner slow where the girls are at  And kick game the way it should be done  How you gonna drop science? You're dumb  Stupid ignorant, don't even talk to me  At school you dropped Math, Science and History  And then you get on the mic and try to act smart  Well let me tell you one thing, you got heart  To perpetrate, you're bait, so just wait  Till the press shove a mic in your face  Or you meet Boogie Down or Chuck D  Stetsasonic or the Big Daddy  And they ask you about the game you claim you got  Drop science now, why not?  You start to sweat and fret, it gets hot  How'd you get into this spot?  You played yourself...  Yo, yo, you played yourself...  Verse 2  I'm no authority but I know the D-E-A-L  When it comes to dealin' with the females  What you got they want, cash is what they need  Slip sucker and they'll break you with speed  But you meet a freak, you try to turn her out  Spendin' money's what I'm talkin' about  But you fool out, your pockets got blew out  And after the date, no boots, you got threw out  Mad and shook cos your duckets got took  Call her up, phone's off the hook  But who told you to front and flaunt your grip?  You can't buy no relationship  You played yourself...  Yo, homeboy, you played yourself...  Verse 3  I'm in the MC game, a lot of MC's front  And for the money they're sell out stunts  But they claim that they're rich and that they keep cash  Yo, let me straighten this out fast  Two hundred thousand records sold  And these brothers start yellin' 'bout gold?  You better double that, then double that again  And still don't get sooped, my friend  You think you've made it, you're just a lucky man  Guess who controls your destiny, fans  But you diss 'em cos you think you're a star  That attitude is rude, you won't get far  Cos they'll turn on you quick, you'll drop like a brick  Unemployment's where you'll sit  No friends cos you dissed 'em too  No money, no crew, you're through  You played yourself...  That's right, you played yourself...  You played yourself...  Yo, yo, you played yourself...  Verse 4  You got problems, you claim you need a break  But every dollar you get you take  Straight to the Dopeman, try to get a beam up  Your idle time is spent tryna scheme up  Another way to get money for a jumbo  When you go to sleep you count Five-O's  Lyin' and cheatin', everybody you're beatin'  Dirty clothes and you're skinny cos you haven't been eatin'  You ripped off all your family and your friends  Nowhere does your larceny end  And then you get an idea for a big move  An armed robbery...smooth  But everything went wrong, somebody got shot  You couldn't get away, the cops roll, you're popped  And now you're locked, yo, lampin' on Death Row  Society's fault? No  Nobody put the crack into the pipe  Nobody made you smoke off your life  You thought that you could do dope and still stay cool? Fool.  You played yourself...  You played yourself...  Ain't nobody else's fault, you played yourself. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: The Iceberg/Freedom of Speech... Song: Peel Their Caps Back Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice-T] Coolin in my crib, cold video dubbin FBI wanted? Huh, don't mean nuttin They call that shit a crime? Yo that shit's a joke Hit record on my dope remote I heard my phone ringin, I wonder who could it be It was the E, the V, yes the I-L E He said, "We got static - word, I just got out Punks tried to move at the club and we shot out Bullets everywhere," Okay what's the prob? "Ink got popped, he's dead as a doorknob." You bullshittin! "I ain't fuckin around. The posse's rollin tonight, nigga are you down?" I grabbed my AK, my 16, and my baby Mac Strapped on my vest, and threw the 9 in the small of my back I said - Chill, don't let nobody move without me Say you know where they are? He said, "I know where they be" Let's peel their caps back Let's peel their caps back Twelve o'clock midnight, posse was airtight Twenty-five cars, under the streetlights Some people talked, while others cried Ink was a brother, who shouldn't have died Then the silence broke, Ice what's it gonna be? 38 hard brothers stood and stared at me There were only two words that I had to say P-A-Y, B-A-C-K The car's loaded with a silence that could rape the dead Pistols clipped as the chamber's loaded full of lead Everyone in the crew knew what I said would mean by morning, somebody else soon would be dead Let's peel their caps back The cars at the corner like a long black snake Nightprowlin for a life to take Ya see down in the ghetto it's an eye for an eye That's the answer to the question why In my throat, there's a lump, then I swallow it, I ain't no chump Face of Death, then I cocked my pump I'm a nigga on the trigger, madder than a pitbull Just layin for a reason to pull on you, any duck motherfucker that gets in my way I'm insane, and my homeboy's death made me this way But then we spot him, Evil E shot him Dead in the face, made sure that he got him Others ran, but no mercy to the posse's wrath Automatic Uzi motherfuckin bloodbath Let's peel their caps back Let's peel their caps back Let's peel their caps back Then all of a sudden, a bullet came through my eye My dome exploded and I felt my other brothers die I drink my blood as I fell like shit into the street My corpse stunk like a burnt out rotten piece of meat Ten brothers died in this stupid homicidal binge Cause whenever someone dies, nobody wins But this drama, you'll never hear a word of cause all the paper's gonna read is a gang murder Gang murder The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: The Iceberg/Freedom of Speech Song: The Girl Tried to Kill Me Verse One: Yo! I met this girl the other night Hype super-dope body and face, her mini-skirt tight Talkin' 'bout legs and lips, mindblowin' hips Had to cross my legs just to look at her tits Said she came out lookin' for some fun Looked me in my eyes and told me...I was the one I said "Why?", she said I was fly Grabbed me by my hand and I thought I would die Said she wanted to take me home to make love Now that's the kind of rap that brothers dream of I said, "Fast, slow, hard or soft, baby?" She said, "All the above" This girl tried to kill me, she didn't use a gun or a knife This girl tried to kill me, took me within a inch of my life Verse Two: Now, I ain't no sucker on the weak tip But let me tell you, she was on some motherfuckin' sex trip Took me to her crib that night, leather and spikes Broke out the rope and the dope strobe-light And started buggin', lightin' candles all over the room Then she did a backflip, landed on my dick I knew that I would be dead soon This girl tried to kill me, she didn't use a gun or a knife This girl tried to kill me, took me within a inch of my life This girl tried to kill me, she didn't use a bomb or a gun This girl tried to kill me, homeboys, watch out for this one Verse Three: Yo, my pants were on, but so what? She ripped off my shirt and tied my monkey-ass up Faster than I could say "No!" It was like a rodeo, I was with a sex nut I looked in her face... She sweated and she grinned with delight And then she broke out a whip, I said "Shit!" This girl had crazy plans for the night This girl tried to kill me, she didn't use a bomb or a gun This girl tried to kill me, homeboys, watch out for this one This girl tried to kill me, she didn't use a gun or a knife This girl tried to kill me, took me within a inch of my life Verse Four: Now whips ain't all that she had All kinda crazy shit was at this bitch's pad I'm talkin' about latex suits, spike-heeled boots Oversized vibrators so that she could get loose I said, "Don't...don't...don't whip me! I'll do anything you ask!" And then homegirl stripped, 38" tits Man you shoulda seen that ass This girl tried to kill me, she didn't use a gun or a knife This girl tried to kill me, took me within a inch of my life This freak tried to kill me, she didn't use a bomb or a gun This girl tried to kill me, homeboys, watch out for this one Verse Five: My dick was harder than a bulletproof vest She started pourin' baby oil on her chest And then she said, "Gimme gimme gimme" Jumped on my Jimmy, and rode me like the Wild West I almost passed out, then the front door cold bust in It was her fuckin' husband, six-foot ten I knew my life would soon end Homeboy tried to kill me, he didn't use a bomb or a gun Homeboy tried to kill me, yo...yo, nowhere to run Homeboy tried to kill me, he didn't use a gun or a knife Homeboy tried to kill me, cos he had caught me fuckin' his wife Yo... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: The Iceberg/Freedom of Speech... Song: Hit the Deck Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "I'm the minstrel man, the cleaning man,   the pole man, the shoeshine man  I'm a nigger man, watch me dance" {unknown movie} [Ice-T] I put the lyrics on the paper with the pen Evil E makes the records spin Islam drops the beats that you rock to Thought that I would never get you? Got you Doggin the floor like you know you never done before How could a brother be so hardcore and still keep you on the floor like a maniac That's your question? Well I'ma answer that I'm on the mic tonight I'm here to do it right Ice, the capital T, airtight Coolest of the cool, a mack on a mission Step to me fool - you're missin minus, gone, pow, you're outta here This ain't no game to me, this is my career Throw me a mic, plug it in, "Bet!" I won't be happy til the dancefloor's wet I ain't no rookie, I'm a microphone vet Evil E's on the set, hit the deck! {*scratching "be easy on the cut" (3X)  and "no mistakes allowed" -> Rakim*} [Ice-T] E-M-C-E-E, I-C-E-T, A-N-D, DJ Evil E Doggin the deck like it's never been done before You had enough? "MORE!" Here we go, I'm about to blow up Don't you dare bite my rhymes, I'll make you throw up Poison soaked in an acid bath Swallow homeboy, your throat'll need a skin graft Toss it up, while the DJ known as Evil cuts You wanna know what's happenin - "WHAT?" The beat become my soul, I'm goin out of control Look in my face as my eyeballs roll back in my head and the mic glows red Step in my face and you'll wind up dead {*SLAP*} Yo, thanks, I needed that I was posessed by this treacherous track Watch out "WORD" this ain't no joke A sucker tried to flex and his arm got broke Don't make a move that you'll regret Evil E's on the set, hit the deck! {*scratched "kick it" (4X)*} [Ice-T] You start to think and wonder bout how it's done "An emcee? Maybe I could be one" Drop the thought, get a job, change your mind To be a dope MC takes time Eight years of mine, no time for draggin You wanna be an MC? "Get off the bandwagon!" But if it's in your heart, get a pen Don't stop writin til the inkflow ends Work and work and don't halfstep Dog the mic every chance you get Motivation must be kept Stay down and build your rep Yo so let me demonstrate, rappin as a fine art And when I'm finished, you can take this rap apart Analyze my elements and tactics First I'm over there, and then I'm back to this I jumble topics, you won't know where I'll go Back in your face with a cold but steady flow You feel the power of the Ice in the first row You already know what to say, "HOOOOOOOOO!!!" On the mic is a stone cold vet Evil E's on the set, hit the deck {*Evil E scratches for a long time*} [Ice-T] I'm in my mode, called the fourth episode or the last verse, if you wanna decode So I gotta raise the heat, hype up the beat Switch the mic from airtight to elite Pounce upon the deck, it ain't wet yet Let me see how hot you can get Then I'll turn up the amps, blow out the lights You're in darkness, then the mic ignites Glowin like it did before, but even more The room is lit, the raps are hardcore Evil cuts the records like a psycho with a switchblade You see a blur -- that's the crossfade Loud and proud, words bombard the crowd Look up in the air -- you see a mushroom cloud I kick flavor to a musical track too fast to catch, too complex to match I'm gettin hyped as hype can get Evil E's on the set! Hit the deck The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: The Iceberg/Freedom of Speech... Song: This One's for Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Yo yo whassup Ice man you look upset brother Yo man, I got a lot of things on my mind man But I don't know if I should put it on this record, yaknahmsayin? 	Man go ahead and kick it man 	Let the people know what's happenin man You know brothers out there sellin out man Why they goin out like that man? 	Yo, sellin out like it ain't nothin man I ain't with it [Ice-T] Dig it, I'm just a brother from L.A. South Central, I live life the fly way Used to bang and hustle but I traded for the big game Infamy got dumped for fame Now I'm known and respect as creator of the crime rhyme; but my lyrics are deeper Because I'm the one that makes you think before make a move I wrote "Pusher", "High Rollers", and "Colors" just to prove that I could kick game, and drop knowledge at the same time But one L.A. station wouldn't play my records one time I'm tryin to save my community but these bourgeoise blacks keep on doggin me They don't care about violence, drugs and gangs KJLH, you ain't about nuttin You just a bunch of punk bourgeoise black suckers and this one's for me You won't play no Public Enemy You ain't playin no Boogie Down Productions You ain't tryin to represent the black community You just carin about your little ol' R&B +BULL+ you play all day and night I represent Los Angeles all over the United States and you ain't did NUTTIN for me Think about it Hold up, I ain't finished on the diss tip There's a few more punks that I got to rip All you chump MC's who sell out quick When P.E. was on the top, you rode the tip But now they got problems and you suckers run Who's Chuck's real friends, does he really have one? You yell P.E. this, P.E. that Fist in the air, proud to be black Now they got static and you run like punks I haven't heard an MC stand up for him once Maybe you suckers are just hopin that they fall off so you can fill their shoes, nope sorry boss That's what the matter with black people anyway We ain't down with nothin, I don't care what you say yell or lie, don't even bother How low will a brother go for a dollar? Public Enemy broke a new rap age And now you rappers ain't got nuttin to say? "Yo it's their problem"		"Griff shouldn'ta said it" E where's my pistol? (Yo I'll go get it) Cause it's time for me to enforce some discipline Are you down or not, are you out or in? Chuck Flav and Griff are my true friends I got their backs if it means my career ends All you so-called down MC's with Public Enemy I ain't heard nobody out there, tryin to help my man out YouknowhatI'msayin? Griff is my man, I don't care WHAT he said YouknowhatI'msayin? And I ain't gon' let them go out like that YouknowhatI'msayin? Chuck, Ice got your back Anybody out there got problems with Public Enemy, come talk to me Once again, I'm back in the diss mode I gotta speak my mind, it's time to unload on this so-called government we've got If I lied like them, I think I'd get shot They sell drugs to kids and say it's us And when the cops are crooks, who can you trust? You only see young brothers in a drug bust Ashes to ashes, and dust to dust My homey got a year for an ounce of weed while Bush sells weapons to the enemy You gotta be stone blind not to see "Our government is honest!" Nigga, please Cocaine can't be made in the United States Kickin facts like this our government hates The young kids on the streets ain't the enemy They're just ghetto youth after money They sell drugs, but who sells drugs to them? Try the C.I.A. my friend or the F.B.I. or even Bush Somebody's gettin rich, damn sure ain't us We're just killin ourselves while others laugh Look at the street, it's a cocaine bloodbath We gotta realize dope is pure death Mess with drugs, you're breathin your last breath Sellin drugs is straight up genocide They're gonna laugh, while we all die Sittin up there thinkin you're makin that money Hustlin and all that, you're killin your brothers YouknowhatI'msayin? You just stupid, straight up stupid Puttin dope into your body - c'mon, youknowhatI'msayin? You gotta get somethin goin out there Get some brains, youknowhatI'msayin? We are just playin ourselves cold out of the pocket This one's for me, I make records for you but this cut I straight out had to do There's topics in my mind I have to break cause so many of you out there are so damn fake If ya ain't know they're no-one, cutthroats backstabbers, scheamin for banknotes And all of you out there know what I'm talkin bout If you claim you're down then NEVER sell-out Never sell out, youknowhatI'msayin? You gotta stay down for yours You know I want it, sure as I'm Ice-T I make records for you, but this one's for me You know what I'm talkin bout out there There's ways to sell out left and right But you ain't got to do that There's things more important than money I'm talkin bout pride, I'm talkin bout dignity You got it out there All you got to do is stand on your own two feet Don't go out like no sucker Stay down, youknowhatI'msayin? Peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: The Iceberg/Freedom of Speech Song: The Hunted Child  Verse 1  (Today in Los Angeles another youth loses his life. Gunshot wound to  the head. Street violence is at an all-time high)  No jokin', I'm sleepin' with my eyes open  Wanted for a homicide ride, the gun's still smokin'  Didn't know what I was doin' but did it anyway  Now the posse's on my trail, they say I'm gonna pay (Run!)  I had a gun, it's mine and I packed it  Out with my crew, the boys caught some static  Me and this sucker punk went at it  Bang! Nine automatic  Hunted Child  I'm the Hunted Child  Verse 2  (Sources say the assailant was 17-years old and lives in South-Central  Los Angeles)  Now I'm on a hideout tip cos they're after me  LAPD says they're gonna capture me  Was I crazy? I guess I had to be  Cos once you kill it's instant catastrophe  Your whole life is over (Through!)  Forget about your girl your (Crew!)  Nowhere to run, so what you gonna do?  Be glad it's me, homeboy, and not you  The Hunted Child  I'm the Hunted Child  Hunted Child  I'm the Hunted Child  Verse 3  I'm only 17, I didn't mean to kill, man  But I was slangin' and bangin' for the thrill, man  When they said (Kill!) I felt chill, man  But once I pulled the trigger, boy, then things got ill, man  My homeboys dipped out the back fast  Left me alone in the echo of the gun blast  Everybody saw my face, I didn't wear a mask  You wanna know my name? Just ask  The Hunted Child  I'm the Hunted Child  Hunted Child  I'm the Hunted Child  (The science of Capitalism which you teach to the youth on the streets  today with the 'ends justifying the means' mentality ain't happenin')  Verse 4  I'm sweatin' heavy cos my face is on TV  Everybody in this whole world's after me  Since I was young I never had a damned thing  At Christmas time I'd hate to hear the bells ring  Cos in the ghetto Santa ain't got a dime  Your mother's standin' in the welfare line  The way the youth survive is crime  My life is over so I might as well speak my mind  I killed a brother cos this system had me geared to kill  Cos what I call home you call hell  My ghetto quarters ain't no better than a jail cell  But there's a message in this story that I'm tryna tell  We're just brothers on the streets killin' brothers  This system has us geared to kill one another  Sellin' dope to poison each other  The plan of The Man, word to the mother  But I'm a sucker cos I fell into their plan  187, I killed a brother man  My life on Earth was hell, you understand?  But when I die I'm goin' to hell again  I'm the Hunted Child I'm the Hunted Child I'm the Hunted Child The  Hunted Child  I'm the Hunted Child  I'm the Hunted Child The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Rhyme Syndicate Album: The Iceberg Song: What Ya Wanna Do? Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Party! (Okay party people in the house)	--> MC Ricky D/Slick Rick [ INTRO: Ice-T ] Yo yo, in the place to be My name is MC Ice-T I got the Rhyme Syndicate with me We about to tear stuff up, y'all feel good? Yo, what the hell y'all wanna do, Syndicate, tonight, what you wanna do? (Party!) Randy Mac in the place to be, what you wanna do? (Party!) Nat The Cat, you're in the house tonight, what you wanna do? (Party!) Donald-D is in the place to be, what you wanna do? (Party!) Bronx Style Bob is in the house, what you wanna do? (Party!) Hen-Gee is in the house, what you wanna do, homeboy? (Party!)  My man Shaquel is in the place to be, what you wanna do? (Party!) Yo, Toddy Tee is in the house tonight, what you wanna do? (Party!) Yo, Everlast is in the house, come on, what you wanna do? (Party!) And MC Taste is in the place to be, what you wanna do? (Party!) My man Divine is in the house, what you wanna do, homeboy? (Party!) Yo yo, I'm about to kick this party up, is that alright? [ ROUND 1: Ice-T ] Yo, Yo, MC Ice on a Syndicate Rhyme spree You say you wanna be down, you gotta talk to me You wanna get in? Put a sucker's head out Sound a little hot for you, boy? Then, toy, get out Syndicate mob ain't nothin but hardened crooks You try to diss, your butt is on a meat hook Want some of me? You're on a mission Bad move, you end up missin [ ROUND 1: Randy Mac ] Let's get it straight for the '89 tip Randy Mac is clockin a stupid grip On the party track I'm cold lampin But when the Syndicate rolls I be jackin You thought I fell off, I ain't even slipped The Mac is cuttin records and punks are gettin ripped Gangster I am, bust the lyrics like a drive-by You wanna sleep? Well, it's lights out, beddy-bye [ ROUND 1: Nat The Cat ] Notorious Asiatic, tough, talented A power entertainer Catapultin above the top Nat The Cat, too swift to be stopped I'm like Jordan, a team player on a solo flight Lookin down on MC's faces full of fright and fear I slam dunk a rap through their ear to hear Heureka! I just struck a platinum fame In the game things'll never be the same Because money changes everything [ ROUND 1: Donald D ] Once again comin at you hyper Donald D the Syndicate Sniper Boston Strangler, Charles Manson No matter what killer I mention, keep dancin _Five Fingers Of Death_, _Fists Of Fury_ St. Valentine's Day Massacre on a jury Wanna convict me for kickin black on wax I walk the street with a battle axe [ ROUND 1: Bronx Style Bob ] Life ain't nothin but a piece of existence Cause when you die, you'se a past tense So I like to live my life like a big carnival Get drunk, act like an animal I like the rock'n rolll, the funk, the jazz and hip-hop Suckers get loud, I drop em I like ( ? ) I'm Bronx Bob, bring the beats and I'm ( ? ) [ ROUND 1: Hen-Gee ] Black stallion, knockin on concrete walls Standin tall, rappers in my face, they stall Stutter, softer than melted butter There's no other word, go ask your mother Hard solid as your city ( ? ) Born in Brooklyn, can tell by the way that I walk and talk Strollin with a slight limp Flyer than any big city pimp [ ROUND 1: Shaquel Shabazz ] Gold, girls, cold cash On the mic Shaquel Shabazz Supreme, the Lord, the G-o-d Down with the Syndicate posse It's you we rule without a tool Mathematics in effect, it's time to school I'm the principal and knowledge is the key Shaquel in the place to be [ ROUND 1: Toddy Tee ]  I climb a mountain top with just one rope Get to the top of the stairs and say a rhyme that's dope Cause I'm a cliffhanger, no, I ain't a stranger Yo, I'm Toddy Tee, and I'm a Compton banger Wanted by the F.B.I. for transport of Sucker MC's across the Syndicate borders No, they can't give me no time, cause it's my rhyme Everlast, get funky for me one time [ ROUND 1: Everlast ] Everlast is in effect gettin big respect Then I collect big checks 1's, 5's, 10's and 20's A 100 g's and I'm pullin honeys Left and right, day and night You gotta see it to believe it, it's quite a sight They're all on the tip to get a sip Of this poetic performer that's fully equipped [ ROUND 1: MC Taste ] Y'all played yourselves right in front of the mic Moved your body so that the feelin was right But if you get lost scream out and admit That the beat's too fast, slow it down or I quit I'm not the kind to give you a call To stop on a rap that I lead, so I pause I give you 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 If that ain't enough, sit down till we're done [ ROUND 1: Divine Styler ] Syndicate scorned, you act obedient Tired of your fish rhyme ( ? ) ingredients Black on black while styles ( ? ) ( ? ) of brothers that's gotta be Circlin cyphers into molecules Takin over your space, that's illogical The vocal chords on a board with 24 tracks Get away from the break ( ? ) gotta rap [ ROUND 2: Ice-T ] Syndicate posse growin, goin out of control You say we're weak? This record's shippin gold Power, strength, my posse got unity We stick together and we're soon to be In your town, we gonna bring the roof down Ice-T and the syndicate underground No selll-outs, cause it's caps we peelin Girls we love em, and shows we steal em [ ROUND 2: Randy Mac ] Knowledge and wisdom, it's a mystery I drop science for the ones who know it's me You say I'm dope, cool, it makes sense I ain't conceited, I'm just convinced Strapped for the attack Randy Mac is rollin The mic, the mixer, then the show is stolen The pimp, the player, hustler ( ? ) kicker Watch your girl, cause I stick her [ ROUND 2: Nat The Cat ] Nat The Cat, my man will rap when I'm playin the back Some think my stage presence is low, I think it's loud Enough to see me flowin and showin Go psycho breakin backs like bolo Give me the mic, a metamorphis ignite I break down on a cat stand, I kill ya like a hitman And come out kickin with the ( ? ) Rockin on a rappin rampage In control of the stage [ ROUND 2: Donald D ]  There's a mouse in my house, so I bought a cat The cat ran away, cause now there's a rat I'm on the attack with my baseball bat That one rap brought many of us back All through my house I set up traps It seem like the rats have a map But nowadays I don't know how to act So now I feed the rats crack [ ROUND 2: Bronx Style Bob ] Back and I'm statin the fact I know you're waitin for a rap To make you get up and start to clap For Bob, a Bronx ( ? ) Syndicate style More bounce to the ounce and trizzy to the file '79 the time I was inclined To get smooth and prove that I can rock a funk rhyme Hey yo, ice-cube chillin Cause we got the gats and knack to see the kids top billin [ ROUND 2: Hen-Gee ] Impressionalist, not a ventriloquist Don't hang out with suckers worth less than piss Suckers can all come kiss the tip Of my knob when I aim I don't miss Aim it to suckers that come around jockin On my tip when on the radio my recors be rockin Don't come frontin askin me for a pound You ain't invited means you simply ain't down [ ROUND 2: Shaquel Shabazz ] Wake up it's time to be noticed I'ma do this, I'm gonna show this Beat to be mathematical Syndicate's in the house, let's get radical Bum rush the show and grab the mic Syndicate's chilllin out tonight They let me loose and now it's war ( ? ) let the rhymes roar [ ROUND 2: Toddy Tee ] Grab a partner and hit the dancefloor Cause I'm back to rock for you once more I don't worry about what he said or she said As long as what's said-said is done-done in my bed The Juvenile Committee's on my side And I'm kickin knowledge on a natural high And I'm feeling strong Yo, take this mic and get the party on [ ROUND 2: Everlast ] This is mortal combat, there ain't no comeback You're tryin to get with me but you don't know where I'm at Cause in this world there's no bombs or guns Just a microphone, metaphors, words and puns Sentences and phrases, no clubs or razors No mercy for a sucker that wages War, I'll take the floor, even the score Grab the microphone and proceed to roar [ ROUND 2: MC Taste ] Are y'all set, all prepared to start Move in close cause here comes the dope part By the way, I'm the Taste, if tracks Could talk but they - but here go the facts Brace yourself, you shoulda grabbed a grip Protect your clan cause we're about to trip Bass reflex, the kicks that drive, divide The weak from the rest ( ? ) can't survive [ ROUND 2: Divine Styler ] Syndicate's housin all competition We paralyze a physical powerful vision But savage ignorants pop that's ignorant listen Divine is ( ? ) no time for style And I rock your grey matter with a smile Cause I'm the rhyme thriller with dimensions of flavor The knack - stylistic black [ ROUND 2: Ice-T ] The reason we're bustin these raps are what? To make all you wack MC's shut up You're always buyin rap records jammin def beats Then dissin rap artists out in the streets You always say our jams are wack but yours'll be tight But you never been near a studio in your life You see, disrespect is your last resort You're like Howard [Name], you never played this sport But you're always talkin mess bout how it should be done And when we ask to hear your record you never made one So this message goes to amateurs and pros alike We're the MC's that cold be doggin the mic You may be good but there's no one better We rock you so cold, you need a cashmere sweater Fight dirty in the pit when combat is on We always attack before attacked upon [ OUTRO: Ice-T ] Yeah, Rhyme Syndicate, we in here We tossin it up I got my man Everlast in the house Tossin it up, youknowwhatimsayin Kid Jazz and Bango couldn't be here But we gon' to' it up for them anyhow Wherever you are you're a star Rhyme Syndicate blowin up like napalm I got my man Chilly Dee deejayin on the set And the one and only DJ Evil-E, we in here Yo, we outta here like last year Rhyme Syndicate We gotta do it like the alphabet and a-b-c ya Yeah [ Everlast ] Everlast Everlast in full effect Where's my gold record? Where's my record? Where's my record? [ Divine Styler ] Divine Styler with Physical Poets, look out [ Donald D ] Microphone King Donald D the notorious, yeah [ Bronx Style Bob ] This is Bronx Style Bob... [ Ice-T ] Nat The Cat, boy [ Randy Mac ] Randy Mac One in a million on your back, boy [ Ice-T ] Yo So we bout to get outta here Seems like the police is outside, man (Yo Ice, man, they got King Tee, Aladdin and Islam) What, the police, man? I knew somethin had happened I was wonderin why King Tee missed the party, man Yo Randy Mac, you got some money? (Aw, you know what time it is, man I got...) Yeah, for some bail, buddy We got to go do some work, man... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: The Iceberg/Freedom of Speech Song: Freedom of Speech  Intro  A-yo Ice, man. I'm working on this term paper for college. What's the  First Amendment?  Verse 1  Freedom of Speech, that's some motherfuckin' bullshit  You say the wrong thing, they'll lock your ass up quick  The FCC says "Profanity - No Airplay"?  They can suck my dick while I take a shit all day  Think I give a fuck about some silly bitch named Gore?  Yo PMRC, here we go, raw  Yo Tip, what's the matter? You ain't gettin' no dick?  You're bitchin' about rock'n'roll, that's censorship, dumb bitch  The Constitution says we all got a right to speak  Say what we want Tip, your argument is weak  Censor records, TV, school books too  And who decides what's right to hear? You?  Hey PMRC, you stupid fuckin' assholes  The sticker on the record is what makes 'em sell gold  Can't you see, you alcoholic idiots  The more you try to suppress us, the larger we get  Verse 2  [You have the right to remain silent]  Fuck that right! I want the right to talk  I want the right to speak, I want the right to walk  Where I wanna, yell and I'm gonna  Tell and rebel every time I'm on a  Microphone on the stage cold illin'  The knowledge I drop will be heard by millions  We ain't the problems, we ain't the villains  It's the suckers deprivin' the truth from our children  You can't hide the fact, Jack  There's violence in the streets every day, any fool can recognise that  But you try to lie and lie  And say America's some motherfuckin' apple pie  Yo, you gotta be high to believe that  You're gonna change the world by a sticker on a record sleeve  Cos once you take away my right to speak  Everybody in the world's up shit creek  Verse 3  Let me tell you about down south  Where a motherfucker might as well not even have a mouth  Columbus, Georgia, said they'd lock me up  If I got on the stage in my show and said "Fuck"  So I thought for a minute and said "No,  I wasn't even gonna do a damned show"  Cos for me to change my words from my rhymes  Is never gonna happen cos there's no sell outs on mine  But I vowed to get those motherfuckers one day  They even arrested Bobby Brown and Cool J  Yo, they got their's comin', cos I'm mad and I'm gunnin'  Homeboys, and there's no runnin'  I'm gonna tell you how I feel about you  No bull, no lies, no slack, just straight fact  Columbus, Georgia, you can suck my dick  You ain't nothin' but a piece of fuckin' shit on the damned map  Verse 4  Freedom of Speech, let 'em take it from me  Next they'll take it from you, then what you gonna do?  Let 'em censor books, let 'em censor art  PMRC, this is where the witch hunt starts  You'll censor what we see, we read, we hear, we learn  The books will burn  You better think it out  We should be able to say anything, our lungs were meant to shout  Say what we feel, yell out what's real  Even though it may not bring mass appeal  Your opinion is yours, my opinion is mine  If you don't like what I'm sayin'? Fine  But don't close it, always keep an open mind  A man who fails to listen is blind  We only got one right left in the world today  Let me have it or throw The Constitution away  Outro (Jello Biafra)  What they're trying to do with radio, with this, uh, McCarron-Walter  Act and a lot of other ways, is start by saying that they're  protecting the public from wicked rock bands, or girlie magazines, or  whatever. But, if you follow the chain of dominoes that falls down,  what they're really trying to do is shut off our access to information  itself.  If they can't do it by law they know there's other ways to do it. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Bronx Style Bob, Donald D, Nat The Cat Album: The Iceberg/Freedom of Speech Song: My Word Is Bond Typed by: Dy_face@hotmail.Com, jostmatt@bluewin.ch [Intro] [Ice-T] yo, yo, yo man, let me tell y'all the story man [Posse] Oh-oh, here we go again "Stop lying" [Nat The Cat] All lies [Ice-T] lyin' man, what you talkin' about? [Nat The Cat] All lies "Stop lying" [Posse] Let's hear this one [Ice-T] no man, you niggas is buggin' man [Posse] alright go a head, go 'head [Ice-T] Alright, let me tell you what's, let me tell you what's goin on, man Let me tell you what happened to me [Posse] go a head, go a head, go a head "Stop lying" [Verse 1: Ice-T] The other day I spent a million on a def gold chain It weighted thirty nine pounds, my name plate the same I put it on, it was too heavy So I hired me this brother to wear for me One night, we was out chillin, he and I minus crew I was held at gun point by a thug's .22 But when I told him that I was the L.A. player Ice-T The brother robbed somebody else and brought the money to me You might think I'm lyin' but man, you're wrong As I told you before, my word is bond [Interlude] [Posse] You expect me believe that? "Stop lying" You're the master of lying, man [Ice-T] Yo, look at you with your basketball outfit on, man [Posse] That's cause I can play [Ice-T] What do you know about basketball, man? [Posse] What I know?, yo, yo... [Verse 2: Bronx Style Bob ] I played ball back in ( name ) Park the ( name ) on the board, hit three pointers in the dark I got a scholarship but said: "Yo, forget it " Goin' straight to the Pro rank, coach, so don't sweat it The Lakers wanted to pick me, but I said: "Step" Cause takin' Magic's spot, could be bad for my rep "what" So he sent me to Chicago, to play in front of.. you know but then I said: "Either he go or I go" I gave Jordan a break, then came back to the city you know, cause everybody missed me "right, right, right" you think I'm lyin?, but brother, you're wrong as I told you before, my word is bond [Interlude: Ice-T] lies man, man you're crazy Look at Donald D comin' through the door late we're makin' a record, brother what you're doin' so late, man what's up, man? "Stop lying" [Verse 3: Donald D] My girl was pissed, so she tried to diss The D, until I showed her my fist I argued with her in the pouring rain after the fightin' with her, I missed the train it was delayed for an hour, so I fell asleep When I woke up, I was on 14th. Street By the time I got there, it was way too late Came back uptown and decided to wait Ran into her cous', and hung with him Met Billy, Joe, Bob, Frank, Chuck and Slim Went back to the crib to watch a VCR And then I had to pick up my father's car looked around for my brother, to see where he went And then I had to pay my mother's rent I know y'all think I'm lyin', but listen, you're wrong Like I told you before, my word is bond [Interlude] [Ice-T] Lies man, you be late to the show How you gon' make some money, man? [Donald] Money?, You talkin' about money? [Ice-T] Man, I got money, man [Donald] You ain't got no money, man [Ice-T] Yo, check this out [Verse 4: Ice-T] I got so much money that the bank couldn't hold it Car so dope that I didn't wanna roll it So many houses, sometimes I forget I brought a yacht and a brand new lear jet I flew to Paris just for good meal Then to Rome, to sign a record deal Off to London, to kick with the Queen "what Queen?" Back to LA, I bought a football teem I just can't stop spendin' that green My girl loves the water so I brought baby a submarine but see, I left my house without my credit Cards I think I left my wallet in my other car If you could loan me ten, I'd pay you back yo man, you're lookin' at me crazy, what's up with that? You think I'm lyin' but man, you're wrong As I told you before, my word is bond [Interlude] [Bronx Style: ]lyin' man [Ice-T] yo man, I'll pay you back yo, you be talking about them girls you got, man you ain't got no women, man [Posse] That's why I went to jail, man [Ice-T] What's up with your girl, man? [Bronx Style] alright [Verse 5: Bronx Style Bob] Monday morning, walkin' down the block Saw this girl in a Jag, y'all, and she stopped "aww man" She said her father casted for the Cosby Show And she said: "Bob, would you like to go?" You know, so I went with her, and we chilled Got her drunk off the Eight Ball, and we illed She was stupid rich, so I bought myself an island Charged it to her Master charge, I be wildin' So, after that I stepped and she was cryin' She gave me mansion, yo, why should I be lyin'? you got me frontin'?, well homeboys, you're wrong As I told you before, my word is bond [Interlude] [Ice-T]  lies [Bronx Style] Why, why it gotta be all that, why it gotta be all [Ice-T]  look at Donald, he always be lyin' about shows [Posse] Oh, he, he be lyin' [Donald D] yo, I ain't be lyin' [Ice-T]  Check him out [Verse 6: Donald D] yo Ice, I did a concert in the White House And after that me and Donald Trump hung out And then I knocked Vanity boots in a limo' I rejected Michael Jackson's demo Smacked Freddy Krueger and he didn't reply Hit Mike Tyson in his eye Sharks around me and didn't die Drank a case of Cisco and I didn't get high You might think I'm lyin, but listen, you're wrong Like I told you before, my word is bond [Interlude] [Posse] You high right now, man [Nat] No, I'm not (Stop lying) [Ice-T] Let, let the man with the money get it right for you [Bronx Style] What money, man?(Stop lying) [Verse 7: Ice-T] You think I'm lyin' but I'm tellin' the stone truth I have been player ever since my youth In 1st grade I was knockin' kids out cold In 2nd grade I was truckin' the large gold In 3rd grade I was checkin' the youth bank 4th grade puttin' Gas in Benz my tank By the 12th I was gamblin' outrageous I drove through Desert and broke Los Vagus You probably think I'm lyin' but brothers, you're wrong As I told you before, my word is bond [Outro] [Posse] lyin' man, lyin' man [Ice-T] What you talking about, man? You and that basketball stuff you talkin' about Donald talkin' 'bout Donald Trump,' man, y'all is crazy Shawnie Mac, what are they talkin' about, man? My Word is Bond, home boy [Posse] Don't believe the hype [Donald] My Word is Bond [Posse] you be lyin' every time you talk [Ice-T] y'all all drunk [Posse] yo man, we outta here "Stop lying" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: O.G. Original Gangster Song: Home of the Bodybag Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.Com [Intro: Ice-T] Syndicate fool!! L.A. -- Home of the Bodybag Ice-T; a young player bred in South Central [Ice-T] Colors, colors, Syndicate fool A young player bred in South Central Six in the morning, Ice-T L.A. -- Home of the Bodybag You played yourself with Syndicate fool Ice-T, Ice-T; a young player bred in South Central High Rollers, High Rollers, Syndicate fool Ice-T, L.A., Home of the Bodybag My lethal weapon is my mind, My lethal weapon is my mind Ice-T, Ice-T; Syndicate fool I'm your pusher, I'm your pusher Ice-T; a young player bred in South Central Squeeze the trigger, squeeze the trigger, Syndicate fool Ice-T, Pimping ain't easy, Pimping ain't easy Drama, Drama with Ice-T, Syndicate fool Peel their caps back, Peel their caps back Ice-T, Ice-T; a young player bred in South Central Power, Power, Syndicate fool L.A. -- Home of the Bodybag Iceberg, Iceberg, Ice-T, Syndicate fool Let's get butt naked and fuck! Let's get butt naked and fuck! Ice-T, Ice-T; a young player bred in South Central Sex, Sex, Ice-T, L.A. -- Home of the Bodybag! [Outro] Syndicate fool, O.G. (*Echoes*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T  Album:  O.G. Original Gangster  Song:   First Impression Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.Com [Unknown British Female Voice] Upon initial contact with Ice-T's music I had envisioned him to be an ill-mannered and psychologically unstable man  With an extremely uneducated and barbaric Frame of mind His raps displayed NOTHING but ridiculous jargon; Shocking sexual audacity and repulsive images of the ghetto However, after further analysis of his music  I can deduce that he is the epitome of Anti-disestablishment-Arianism   Who embodies the entire spectrum of the Urban experience and struggle But to make things more plain and simple to the layman I find Ice-T to be the dopiest, fliest, O.G. pimp, hustler Gangster, player, hardcore motherfucker living today To be honest, I'm totally and completely on his dick!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album:  O.G. Original Gangster Song:   Ziplock Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Ice-T] Oh! yeaaah, ha ha ha ha, I'm back motherfucker! Ice-T; nineteen ninety one, fool ~ Ha ha ha ha, I told you; you should've killed me last year Once again, I'm back in the place to be The I, the C, the E, the T I'll never get a Grammy, so FUCK the G All I need is crowd, and my M-I-C Got a gangster ass DJ named Evil-E My record label's called Warner B. William Morris is my agency I'll never go broke, I got property Got a dope Pit Bull named Felony Got four gold albums, so what you telling me? Power was two, Iceberg was three This one here shipped five hundred G Now when I roll, I roll stupid deep Benzs, Bemers, and booming Jeeps I'm always strapped cause my money I keep You move on the Ice and you're going to sleep So when you see me walking down the street You say: "What's up Ice?" I say: "Peace!" You give me a Dap, I give you one back Cause I ain't souped so forget about that We might take a picture or sign an autograph Kick a little flavor, have some fun and laugh But step to me wrong, you might get shot And wind up looking out a ziplock!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Donald D, Flavor Flav (Public Enemy) Album:  O.G. Original Gangster Song:   Mic Contract Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Ice-T] Yo man, I'm tired of these motherfuckers biting our shit Word! yo tonight man,  I'm about to roll up on this club  And put some motherfucking head out, word up! Let's do this, you're with it? Come on man, I got the motherfucking Ski Masks, you got the 16s? Pack it up, yo, I'ma roll up on this club and when I leave   Ain't nobody is gonna be breathing homies, FUCK THAT! [Verse One: Ice-T] Brainstorm, microphone napalm This is it, words from a timebomb Attack speed, fast as an F15 Raise the heat, light and the gasoline Overload, it might cause a blackout! Dead end, there's no chance to back out Hit the tripwire, duck from the gunfire Broken glass, screeching car tires Bodies hit the deck, as I commence to wreck Eject another clip and drip sweat Face of danger, increasing anger Point blank, I smoke another stranger Grip the mic tight, I see the brake lights Hit the back door, I lay down across the floor E's on the wheels, he makes the rubber squeal Blood's on my gear from caps I've peeled About a block away, I sit up and looked back It wasn't nothing but a Microphone Contract! [Break:] [Ice-T:] Alright everybody, just get on the motherfucking floor [Donald] It's Syndicate, Fool! [Ice-T:] All you punk ass MCs, try to push that goddamn wall [Donald] Lynch Mob MOTHERFUCKERS!!! Bring that Beat Back!! -----------> Chuck D [Verse Two: Ice-T] Dressed in black, I stalk my prey Parabellum in a Leather Attache©  Low tones I speak, I speak to few Just give me the money, and who the fuck to do? Four blocks away my hand's clean, night scope on a silence carbine Place my cross hairs on my vics eye Squeeze the trigger, watch the brains fly Violent? - Yeah, you could call me that Insane? - You're on the right track But turn the sounds up so I can stay amped Do another crew and break camp The only way I sleep, is in a cold sweat You say I'm crazy? - you ain't seen shit yet Cause I live to kill and kill for fun The microphone, it goes off like a handgun It's going down now, grab your girl hops No excuses when the bodies begin to drop Look in my face fool, it look like I'm playing? Don't become another victim of mic slaying [Break] [Ice-T:] Get on the Goddamn floor, goddamn it! [Donald] Get the FUCK down! [Ice-T:] Who the hell do you guys think you are? You can't push me around, FUCK YOU! - you assholes [Verse Three: Ice-T] What's up? - you want your feet in some concrete? I got some brothers that'll do you for your gold teeth But most of the times I move, I move alone Take a bat and break your motherfucking dome Shoot you dead in the face with a sawed off One hundred ten degrees, Ice don't get soft Cause I'm hard as they come, I come correct You can't handle the vandal hit eject If not you better get out my face sucker Or else you better be a good bullet ducker Cause I'm a rip shots, til that ass drops Five-O Ice, yo, FUCK the damn cops! Cause I move hard and cold with the gangster stroll By five thousand dollar suit and fly gold Rolex, you can't fit no more Diamonds on it Pinky ring worth a house if I decide to pawn it What's up now chump? - you start to choke up? You try to move on the Ice, you'll get broke up! [Break] Attention all cars!!  Requesting back up.. Request to get off the porch, they're all hostages, they're all hostages Repeat, they're all hostages Don't get too close because you might get shot -----> Erick Sermon [Verse Four: Ice-T] Midnight, time for a homicide Showtime, somebody's gonna die E hits the switch, and thousands of volts connect With the weapon that's in my fist I see a sucker in the third row trying to riff A paragraph and a half he's stiff I start busting off barrages ear high Mothers grab for their children, tears fly I'm like a psycho in the microphone zone Speakers blown, mind gone I can't be touched once my lyrics begin to fly Simple stage radiation could make you die You got a prob' nigga? - you think your rep's bigger? Hold your heard right there while I squeeze the trigger Cause I'm a crazy motherfucker that's no joke My favorite smell is the aroma of gunsmoke I'm busting off another lyrical nightmare Parents hate the Ice! - you think that I care? Well, I don't give a fuck, cause I rhyme tough Drop science, still bust the ill stuff So now it's time for crime and the rhyme is mine Track the movement and hide from the punchline I rhyme by fitness, microphone quickness The assassinator, stay off the shit list! [Outro: Flavor Flav] Come On! getting stuck, yeah Y'all!! Rock that shit homie!! Come On! getting stuck, yeah Y'all!! Come On! getting stuck, yeah Y'all!! Rock that shit homie!!  Come On! getting stuck!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album:  O.G. Original Gangster Song:   Mind Over Matter Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Ice-T] Yo yo, one two, in the place to be  MC Ice, you know what I'm saying? Cold lounging here in the new O.G. LP You know, Original Gangster is in the house This is going out to all my homeboys on the streets And all the brothers locked down [Verse One: Ice-T] It's been a long while, since I hit you with freestyle High tech selection from the vaults of the Ice files Kick back, relax and watch as I melt wax Don't ever let a brother like me ride a dope track Cause once I hit it with the vocal tone it's mine Have motherfuckers rushing to rewind Cause I'll flow slow and still twist your tongues up Rock the house from night til the sun is up Cause it really ain't how much you say, it's what you say I got no fucking time on the mic to play I write rhymes with the Addition and Algebra Mental geometry, don't even come at me Talking that weak and popping that bullshit Get out my face, a fool could get his head split A lot of doubters said: it couldn't be done by me Them same suckers are now looking from under me Wondering what I did, I didn't play myself kid I've respected my fans and made the high bid Sometimes I write my rhymes at night and fall asleep Wake up with new techniques Grab the pen, and place it on some loose leaf Nothing soft, always the tough meat The white paper and blue lines excite my mind Not allowing me to stop the rhyme Until the whole motherfucking book is complete Then I write on the back of the sheets I made a promise to my brothers in street crime We'd get paid with the use of a sweet rhyme We put our minds together, made the tracks clever Now we're checking more bank than ever Mind over matter So you got to have Mind Power, like the brother say.. Mind over matter - Mind Power!! [Verse Two: Ice-T] I can drop rhymes in twos and threes and fours And still have much shit left for encores Cause once my mind locks in on a dope idea Motherfucking ducks should stand clear Cause I'ma hit the topic in point blank It's jail, you better keep your shank Cause I got mine and I'm out on a solo creep (Uggga!)  Your face hits the concrete You wanna roll with the niggaz that don't play I think you got false courage, get out my damn way Cause the car I'm in is rolling full of men Not kids or boys, E got the Mac 10 Islam has got the Zulu Nation back up DJ Aladdin is who hooked the fucking track up Syndicate is making the move with the ski masks And I'm housing the long cash So now you realized you underestimated me, The Ice You thought that I was OK, but now you realize I'm nice But that's alright, cause I knew I'd make it in the end Those who like me now, might not would like me then But I'ma keep impressing, stressing my blessing And keep motherfuckers guessing Armor plate my mind with walls and shields As I escape from the killing fields I can understand.. Mind over matter I know what it means.. Mind power Mind over matter ----------> Ice-T Mind over matter --------> Chuck D Mind over matter ----------> Ice-T Mind over matter --------> Chuck D Mind over matter ----------> Ice-T Mind over matter --------> Chuck D [Verse Three: Ice-T] Wise up, move through the tempo of this hype groove You know this shit is dope, so what you trying to prove? Vu's max as Evil E, my nigga dogs the wax My brain is a hand grenade - catch! I'm a hit you with an over load of bottomless thought Reversing all the shit you taught Then throw words at you, syl-la-ble-at-a-time Your brain recites the rhyme No matter what you do, the power is over you When you sleep, you'll be saying these rhymes too Cause the brain has the power to control all Think positive, you'll be unable to fall Brain cells swell, thought process becomes a trance Make you feel possessed to dance I'll say I want a million, my mind is so deep I'll be busting a Cheque for it next week Like the brother say.. Mind over matter I know what it means.. Mind Power! Mind over matter The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Aladdin Album:  O.G. Original Gangster/New Jack City Soundtrack Song:   New Jack Hustler Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Verse One: Ice-T] Hustler, word, I pull the trigger long Grit my teeth, spray 'til every nigga is gone Got my block sewn, armored dope spots Last thing I sweat is a sucker punk cop Move like a king when I roll hops You try to flex, BANG! another nigga drops You gotta deal with this cause there's no way out Why? - Cash money ain't never gonna play out I got nothing to lose, much to gain In my brain, I got a capitalist migraine I gotta get paid tonight, you're motherfucking right Think of my grip, check my bitch, keep my game tight So many whores on my jock, think I'm a movie star In nineteen, I got a fifty thousand dollar car Go to school, I ain't going for it Kiss my ass, bust the cap on the Moët Cause I don't wanna hear that crap Why? - I'd rather be a New Jack Hustler! [Chorus: Ice-T] Hustler, hustler, hustler H-U-S-T-L-E-R hustler [Monologue: Kid] Yo man, you know what I'm saying? You got it going on my man, I like how it's going down You got the fly cars, the girls, the jewels Look at that ring right there, I know it's real, it's gotta be real Man, you're the fliest nigga I've seen in my life! Yo man, I just wanna roll with you man, how can I be down? [Verse Two: Ice-T] What's up? - You say you wanna be down? Ease back, or motherfucker get beat down Out my face, fool, I'm the illest Bulletproof, I die harder than Bruce Willis Got my crew in effect, that I bought them new Jags So much cash, gotta keep it in Hefty bags All I think about is keys and Gs Imagine that, me working in Mickey Ds (ha ha ha ha) That's a joke cause I'm never gonna be broke When I die there'll be bullets and gunsmoke You don't like my lifestyle? - Fuck you! I'm rolling with the New Jack crew  And I'm a hustler, H-U-S-T-L-E-R hustler [Hook: DJ Aladdin Scratching and cutting] New Jack, New Jack, New Jack, New Jack.. hustler ---> Ice-T New, New, New, New, New, New, New Jack.. hustler ---> Ice-T New Jack, New Jack, New Jack, New Jack.. hustler ---> Ice-T New, New, New, New, New, New, New Jack.. hustler ---> Ice-T New Jack, New Jack, New Jack, New Jack.. hustler ---> Ice-T New, New, New, New, New, New, New Jack.. hustler ---> Ice-T [Verse Three: Ice-T] Here I come, so you better break North As I stride, my gold chains glide back and forth I care nothing about you, and that's evident All I love is my dope and Dead Presidents Sound crazy? - Well, it isn't The ends justifies the means, that's the system I learned that in school then I dropped out Hit the streets, checked the grip, and now I got clout I had nothing, and I wanted it You had everything, and you flaunted it Turned the needy into the greedy With cocaine, my success came speedy Got me twisted, jammed into a paradox Every dollar I get, another brother drops Maybe that's the plan, and I don't understand God damn! - you got me sinking in quicksand But since I don't know, and I ain't never learned I gotta get paid, I got money to earn With my posse, out on the ave Bump my sounds, crack a forty and laugh Cool out and watch my new Benz gleam Is this a nightmare? - Or the American dream? So think twice if you're coming down my block You wanna journey through hell? - Well, shit gets hot Pregnant teens, children's screams Life is weighed on the scales of a triple beam You don't come here much, and you better not Wrong move BANG! - ambulance cot I gotta get more money than you got  So what, if some motherfucker gets shot? That's how the game is played, another brother slayed The wound is deep BUT they're giving us a Band Aid My education is low but I got long dough I'm raised like a Pit Bull, my heart pumps Nitro' Sleep on silk, lie like a politician My Uzi is my best friend, cold as a mortician Lock me up, it's genocidal catastrophe There'll be another one after me! ~ a hustler [Chorus: Ice-T] Hustler, H-U-S-T-L-E-R hustler [Outro: DJ Aladdin until faded] New Jack, New Jack, New Jack, New Jack.. hustler ---> Ice-T New, New, New, New, New, New, New Jack.. hustler ---> Ice-T New Jack, New Jack, New Jack, New Jack.. hustler ---> Ice-T New, New, New, New, New, New, New Jack.. hustler ---> Ice-T New Jack, New Jack, New Jack, New Jack.. hustler ---> Ice-T New, New, New, New, New, New, New Jack.. hustler ---> Ice-T The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album:  O.G. Original Gangster Song:   Ed Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Ice-T] Oh yeah, Ice-T in the motherfucking house, you know what I'm saying? Cold lounging up here, the Ammo Dump, you know what I'm saying? Got my man SLJ in the house, Rock Bottom!  You know.. Beat Master V is in the house, Ba-boom! I got Nat the Cat, Syndicate Mob Boss And DJ Aladdin, The Master Cylinder Now Evil E and Afrika Islam is out fucking whores all over the world and shit So I'm a have to do this rhyme by myself, you know what I'm saying? Where they at? - Fuck It! [Ice-T Freestyling] Let me tell you a little story about my homeboy Ed Use to drink everyday, straight Forties to the head He tried to snap on over me that's what you said He's still try to break, he start given up lead Love to gamble, on one knee he stayed Trying to hit seven in an all night he played Worked Ts and weights so he always got paid Blew on the whores, every dollar he made Crazy friends, crazy friends he had Superfly Drobe, super dope pad Cars for your ass and I'm talking class Benzs end better with his name on the dash One night he got drunk and started driving real fast... Ed's dead!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ SLJ (Wrecked Dialect) Album: O.G. Original Gangster Song: Bitches 2 Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Opening Skit: Ice-T impersonating Charlie Jam] Yo, all you niggaz just because you make records and shit You think you got it going on and shit, you know what I'm saying?  [SLJ:] Yo, Shut Up, BITCH!! [Ice-T] Yo, you don't call me no bitch; who the fuck you think you's calling me a bitch? Who the fuck?...  [SLJ:] Shut the fuck Up, BITCH!! [Ice-T] Yo, Yo..  [SLJ:] Fucking bitch, you.. [Ice-T] Ha ha ha, yo yo yo baby, yo yo yo don't get mad Don't get mad, you know what I'm saying? Let me tell you what real and what a bitch really is.. [Verse One: Ice-T] I once knew this brother who I thought was cool with me Chilled out together even went to school with me Fly nigga, my ace boon coon We used to low ride together, shot dice in the bathroom You want trouble! well, trouble you found Cause we diss ya, then issue, the critical beat down He needed money, I would always come through Needed a car, he could use mine too But bust this! ~ out on the street people say he was riffing Calling me a sucker, talking about how foul I'm living Someone heard him popping that shit last week Fronting for some pussy from some big butt freak Saying I'm his worker, I was on his dick! Talking that crazy old weak ass shit And after; all of that she still walked away How you gonna diss your boy to get some play? And when I stepped to him about it, he said: Who snitched? [Chorus: Ice-T] Yo, how did he go out? (He went out like a bitch!) So ladies we ain't just talking about you Cause some of you niggaz is bitches too! [Hook: DJ Aladdin scratching quotes below X4] You ain't nothing but a BITCH.. Nigga ------> Ice Cube Some of you niggaz are bitches too ---------> Bushwick Bill [Verse Two: Ice-T] I knew this brother named Mitch, stone player He meet a girl, in five minutes he lay her Trucked crazy jewels, hands smothered in ice Been to prison not once but twice Kept a stupid thick posse made of thugs and crooks and hoods  And vet hustlers that were up to no good But they all stood behind him and watched his back That's the only way to roll on the track But yo, Mitch got rushed by feds last week They snatchbared the trunk of his white Corniche Took a look inside and what did they see? Two keys and a gallon of PCP! Aww shit! they thought crash; Mitch's subliminal Three strikes that called Habitual criminal So instead of going under, he snitched on his whole posse Maxed at the crib and sipped Martini and Rossi Sold out his whole crew that rat named Mitch [Chorus: Ice-T] Yo, how did he go out? (He went out like a bitch!) So ladies we ain't just talking about you Cause some of you niggaz is bitches too! [Hook: DJ Aladdin scratching quotes below X2] You ain't nothing but a BITCH.. Nigga ------> Ice Cube Some of you niggaz are bitches too ---------> Bushwick Bill [Verse Three: Ice-T] I knew this guy that was never that fly Couldn't act cool even when he tried When we played rough he always cried When he told stories he always lied A Black brother who was missing the cool part He had the color but was missing the true heart When we was fight, he would always go down quick So he took Karate and he still got his ass kicked But now he's married and he kicks his wife's ass Says it comes from problems that he had in the past Doesn't like Blacks, claims he is upper class Joined the police, got himself a badge Now he rolls the streets and he's out to jack Dogging young brothers cause they usually don't fight back Got a White partner and he asked for that And every night another head they crack So now he's big man but he really ain't shit! [Chorus: Ice-T] Yo, how did he go out? (He went out like a bitch!) So ladies we ain't just talking about you Cause a lot of these pigs are bitches too! [Hook: DJ Aladdin scratching quotes below X2] You ain't nothing but a BITCH.. Nigga ------> Ice Cube Some of you niggaz are bitches too ---------> Bushwick Bill [Verse Four: Ice-T] Out one night with my crew and some new kid I didn't know homeboy, but Evil-E did So I thought he was cool, we rode in his ride Rag top tray on Daytons, lifted side to side We hit the party deep, niggaz was hawking me You could feel the vibe of thick artillery Parliament was on some O.G. shit I put my back to the wall and felt my pistol grip All of a sudden, niggaz started tripping Flipping, the record started skipping Wilding, fools started locing up Gats cracked; the room started smoking up Me and E hit the floor and then the back door My boys let off an automatic Encore But when we made it out to the ride It was gone, we had to shoot it out side by side Punk left us there to die in a ditch! [Chorus: Ice-T] Yo, how did he go out? (He went out like a bitch!) So ladies we ain't just talking about you Cause your scary ass niggaz is bitches too! [Over-verse: Ice-T] Some of you niggaz are bitches too ---------> Bushwick Bill So if you're wondering why we're looking at you funny, it's because.. Some of you niggaz are bitches too ---------> Bushwick Bill You always tell a brother you're gonna loan him money but you don't cause.. Some of you niggaz are bitches too ---------> Bushwick Bill Yo Aladdin, you know why they be fronting? I'ma tell you why, cause.. Some of you niggaz are bitches too ---------> Bushwick Bill You act like you can fight but when it's the real fight, you found out this.. Some of you niggaz are bitches too ---------> Bushwick Bill Yo, I'ma do it Ice.. I'ma do it Ice, no you ain't man, no you ain't cause.. Some of you niggaz are bitches too ---------> Bushwick Bill A brother thinks he's got backup but he really don't, you know why? Some of you niggaz are bitches too ---------> Bushwick Bill I wouldn't even hit you with my fist, I done smack the shit out of you cause.. Some of you niggaz are bitches too ---------> Bushwick Bill I know the real brothers!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Aladdin (Low Profile) Album:  O.G. Original Gangster Song:   Straight Up Nigga Typed by: RappazDelight69@aol.com, dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Ice-T] Yo, check this out A lot of people be getting mad cause I use the word nigga You know what I'm saying? They don't like the fact that I use the word nigga They say you're a black man Yo, I tell them I'm a nigga they don't understand that So I'm a say what I wanna say I call myself, what I wanna call myself, you know what I'm saying? So they need stay off my DICK!!, you know [Verse One: Ice-T] Damn right I'm a nigga, and I don't care what you are Cause I'm a Capital N-I double-G-E-R Black people might get mad cause they don't see That they're looked upon as a nigga just like me I'm a nigga, not a Colored man or a Black Or a Negro or an Afro American, I'm all that Yes, I was born in America true Does South Central look like America to you? I'm a nigga, a stand up nigga from a hard school Whatever you are, I don't care, that is you fool I'm loud and proud well endowed with the big beef Out on the corner, I hang out like a horse thief So you can call me dumb or crazy Ignorant, stupid, inferior or lazy Silly or foolish but I'm badder and bigger And most of all; I'm a straight up nigga [Break: Ice-T] That's right I'm a nigga, you know what I'm saying? My man Lord Finesse is my motherfucking nigga You know, Evil E's my nigga, Islam's my nigga That's right they're my niggaz [Verse Two: Ice-T] I'm a nigga in America, and that much I flaunt Cause when I see what I like, yo I take what I want I'm not the only one, that's why I'm not bitter Cause everybody is a nigga to a nigga! America was stole from the Indians show and prove What was that? - a straight up nigga move A low down shame, yo it's straight insane Yet they complain when a nigga snatches their gold chains What is a nigga suppose to do? Wait around for a handout from a nigga like you? That's why a low down nigga gets hype But I'm not a nigga of that type I'm a steak and lobster eating, and Billionaire meeting And Cash money making and moving and shaking Corporate jet gliding and Limousine riding Writing hits, filthy rich, straight up nigga! [Break: Ice-T] That's right I'm a nigga [Verse Three: Ice-T] Now I'm a write this song though the radio won't play it But I got Freedom Of Speech so I'm a say it She wanna be les', he wanna be gay Well that's your business I'm straight, so nigga have it your way Those who hate me, I got something for ya I'm a nigga with cash, a nigga with a lawyer Not a watermelon chilling, eating down south But a nigga that will smack the taste from your mouth A contemplating, thinking, best champagne drinking Ten inch giving, extra large living Mercedes Benz driving, striving to surviving All the way live and, kicking Hi-five and Stroking and rapping, happening and deal doing Fly in from Cali' to chill with the crewing Criming and grooving, and fly girlie grabbing Horny gun shooting and long hair having nigga [Break: Ice-T] Straight up nigga, nigga Straight up nigga, nigga [Verse Four: Ice-T] Nigga, that's right fool look at me Just that kind of nigga you'd like to hang from a tree But all you KKK type grave diggers Ease back fool, cause I'm a trigger nigga I work real hard for my living But I don't celebrate bullshit thanksgiving Sit up like some fool and eat turkey That's the day your forefathers jerked me Shipped us all over here in locks and chains Split us up, twisted up a nigga's brain Now you keep me in constant sweat But I'm a nigga that you'll never forget A black bad, iron clad, always mad Fly nigga, taking off from a helipad Rolex styling, buck wilding, cap piling Sporting link chinks and medallions Intellectual, hi-tech cash, and seven digit checks And still breaking necks The ultimate male supreme, white woman's dream Big dick, straight up nigga [Outro:] [DJ Aladdin] Yo Ice, my nigga [MC   Ice-T] Yo what's up loc? Just had to tell niggaz what time it was Aladdin man, you know.. [DJ Aladdin] Yeah, I hear you homie [White Cop:] Look at those fucking niggerrrrs (*6 Gun Shots*) [MC   Ice-T] We don't play that shit! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album:  O.G. Original Gangster Song:   O.G. Original Gangster Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com ..Original Gangster!! [Verse One: Ice-T] Ten years ago, I used to listen to rappers flow Talking about the way they rock the mic at the disco I liked how that shit was going down Dreamed about ripping the mic with my own sound So I tried to write rhymes something like them My boys said: That ain't you Ice? - that shit sounds like them So I sat back, thought up a new track Didn't fantasize, kicked the pure facts Motherfuckers got scared, cause they was unprepared Who would tell it how it really was? - who dared? A motherfucker from the West Coast - L.A.  South Central fool, where the Crips and the Bloods play When I wrote about parties it didn't fit Six in the Morning - that was the real shit [Chorus: Ice-T X10] O.G. - Original Gangster [Verse Two: Ice-T] When I wrote about parties, someone always died When I tried to write happy, yo I knew I lied Cause.. I lived a life of crime, Why play you blind? A simple look and anyone with two cents would know I'm  A hardcore player from the streets Rapping about hardcore topics over hardcore drum beats A little different than the average though Jet you through the fast lane, drop you on death row Cause anybody whose been there knows that  Life ain't so lovely on the blood-soaked fast track That invincible shit don't work Throw you in a joint, you'll be coming out feet first So I blast the mic with my style Sometimes I'm ill, and other times buck wild But the science is always there I'd be a true sucker, if I act like I didn't care I rap for brothers just like myself Dazed by the game, in a quest for the extreme wealth But I kick it to you hard and real One wrong move (*Gun Shot*) and you cap is peeled I ain't no super hero, I ain't no Marvel Comic But when it comes to game I'm atomic  At dropping in straight Point Blank and untwisted No imagination needed, cause I lived it This ain't no fucking joke, this shit is real to me I'm Ice-T - O.G. [Chorus: Ice-T X8] [Verse Three: Ice-T] Two weeks ago I was out at the disco Two brothers stepped up to me and said: Hey yo Ice, we don't think you're down, what set you're claiming?" E drew the Glock, yo, my set is aiming! Dumb motherfucker tried to roll on me, please! I'm protected by a thousand emcees And hoodlums and hustlers and bangers with Jheri Curls We won't even count the girls Cause they got my back and I got theirs too Fight for the streets when I'm on Oprah or Donahue They try to sweat a nigga, but they just didn't figure That my whip is as quick as a hair trigger "He is not your everyday-type Prankster" I'm Ice-T, the Original Gangster [Chorus: Ice-T X10] [Verse Four: Ice-T] So step to me if you think that you're ready to Got any your bullet proof? - well mine's going right through This ain't no game to me, it's hollow fame to me Without respect from the streets, so I don't claim to be The hardest motherfucker on earth Catch me slipping, I can even get worse But I don't slip that often  There's a coffin, waiting for the brother who comes up soft when The real fucking shit goes down Take a look around, all them pussies can't be found They talk a mean fight but fight like whores I'm from South Central fool, where everything goes Snatch you out your car so fast, you'll get whiplash Numbers on your roof top, for when the cops dispatch Gang bangers don't carry no switch blades Every kid has got a Tech Nine or a Hand Grenade Thirty seven killed Last week in a crack war Hostages tied up and shot in a liquor store Nobody gives a fuck  "The children have to go to school" Well moms, good luck Cause the shit is fucked up bad I use my pad and pen, and my lyrics break out mad I try to write about fun and the good times But the pen yanks away and explodes and destroys the rhyme Maybe it's just cause of where I'm from L.A. (*GUN SHOT*) that was a shotgun! [Chorus: Ice-T until fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Aladdin Album:  O.G. Original Gangster Song:   The House Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Ice-T] Yo man, I don't like how this is going down homies Shit is real fucked up! [Ice-T] You know that house down the street where the kids are And everyday they seem to have a new scar Something strange is going on and everybody knows Doors always shut, windows always closed The little girl had a burn, the boy was black and blue They said it came from play, you know that shit ain't true The boy's arm is broke, girl is scared to speak Their parents drink all day, couple of dead beats Some days they go to school, and other days they might It's hard to stay awake, after you cry all night You see them everyday; tear tracks on their cheeks But they will never tell, it goes on weeks and weeks [DJ Aladdin] But what can they do? They're only children man! [Ice-T] You ain't no fucking kid, act like you give a damn! Want someone to save these kids? Do something, call a cop The other night I heard gun shots! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: O.G. Original Gangster Song: Evil E: What About Sex? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Evil E] Yo Ice man, we halfway done with the album man You be throwin all this strong, dope, stupid fly pimp shit But what's up with the sex rhymes man? You ain't throw no sex rhymes yet man, whassup wit that? [Ice-T] Yo man, I didn't even wanna really do nuttin this year man [Evil E] Yo why you ain't wanna do nuttin man? Titties man~! Sex sex sex man, all that We need some sex [Ice-T] {*laughing*} Man I wasn't really about that homes Y'know I.. [Evil E] C'mon man! Just throw one sex joint man For me and my boys man, me and my man The niggaz man, WHASSUP! [Ice-T] Aight aight aight check this out E, check this out The other night I was out at the club aight? (Uh-huh, what happened what happened?) I met this FLY-ASS freak, crazy fly (Word, she was dope?) Dope, had BIG ol' titties aight (Ohh shit, BIG titties!) Crazy titties and a BIG ol' ass right? (Ohhh shit.. what happened?) I FUCKED HER The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Donald D, Nat the Cat Album: O.G. Original Gangster Song: Fly By  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Donald D Talking] One, two in the place to be, I'm MC Donald D  And in the house Nat the Cat, the Syndicate Mobb boss  And standing after me, Ice-T the O.G. Gangster Syndicate is about to jump off on a buckwild freestyle Ice, drop some dope shit!! [Ice-T]  Everybody step back from the mic cause I set it off All playing the wall, it's time to sweat it off Anybody with static, awww, please try I'll do you like Godfather 3 and do a fly by Time to rip and hit and strangle I eat Guardian Angels And toy emcees with their names on the front page I bury in shallow graves I don't rap with girls in my LP I don't beg for pussy, I love the ladies and they love me right back Now who's the mack? Mission accomplished I came to stomp this microphone and leave suckers unconscious And if you think you got a 'S' in your chest You better wear two vests Watch your back, your front, I always hit, don't bunt Crazy posse when I'm out on a duck hunt Emcee Ice-T answers to no one Load my rhymes and cock them like a shotgun Let off like frags from a pipe bomb A low stroll and my mic in my right palm The cops hate me and that's right they oughta Before my crew gets to their daughters [Break: Ice-T Talking] Ha ha ha, yo, Nat the Cat, you're next baby Yo, why don't you get on this Mic,  And jump off like suicider off the Brooklyn Bridge, baby? Yeah, you're a player, kick it [Nat the Cat] Do you know me? Right, that's why carry the mic I'm not flashing my American Express I'm playing my cards closed to my vest My name that you say, what, I'm vesting Listen up and listen close and listen for the lesson Black panther resisting that situation  Executing with tact, jumping exact Ripping up slack on the tack 86 didn't mack, turn tales and back up at stack the jack Cause I'm venerish, Nat The Cat, unloading like the million hustler T.N.T  Yes that's me, you see, you wanna be but can't MC Cause on the real, the science ???? behind your capacity The simplicity that's how I say But I said it, you know you wonder how did he say that anyway To you it's complex, when I flex for flex flood Stimulates the opposite sets, and that's dope Though why you can't cope I'm throwing you a rope, I'm about to draw you as you don't rock the boat Or you be back inside, you be hoping this time it won't float You be stuck on the bottom with other suckers I got them Sporting to see me, woof, while I'm banking the loot Just off the end, you travel around the world in a fly silk suit My style is custom made suede and leather Down to fly by in any weather [Donald D] Donald D the smuggler, go on for the juggler Firing wild out here, police sirens What's up? Do you wanna die by? The Syndicate sniper tonight on a fly by Swing while I came into the tune that grip ya Flip ya, trip ya, rip ya, I keep dipping ya In and out, back and forth, up and down Me be sleeping with the heat, I can't fuck around City sounds like a perceive of caution Teach you that B.S.C.s and never fortune I'm here to sink your brain, I'll take the thought you think Make you walk the plank, to watch you sink The M.O.B needs a hitman Well here I'm, Uncle Cocaine, pulse your membrane As the black boss, weaves from the chain Learn to steal, learn to wheel and deal With things that hot, caps got peeled MC's, come on, step with your rhyme What's up, put your life on the line I shall robe them, headlock choke them While you walk them when the Syndicte Sniper get stalk them Red Beam on target, you can't dodge it When, where be ya, ABC ya [Outro: Donald D Talking] Aww yeah man, that was MC Ice-T Nat The Cat and Donald D, you know what I'm saying?  In your face for 1991 and did something We outta here, for sure, it was a homicidal fly by So peace to Syndicate's elders The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Randy Mac (Rhyme Syndicate) Album:  O.G. Original Gangster Song:   Midnight Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro] [Randy] What's Iceberg?!! [Ice-T] Yo baby, what's happening Randy Mac? how you're doing man?! [Randy] Oh man, I'm just lounging man, I'm tripping of you're busting this dope album and shit man [Ice-T] You liked how does it doing down? [Randy] I liked the way this shit is going down, but check this out G!!  You got to kick some of that old rough Six In Morning type shit, you know what I'm saying? [Ice-T] Yeah, back to the O.G. - you know what I'm saying? [Randy] Well, let me tell you what you're gonna need homie You're gonna need a crazy, stupid, fly, slamming beat [Ice-T] Oh yo, I got that Homes [Randy] Well, check this out, what about some of them old criminal gangster old school stories [Ice-T] Man, you know I got millions of that my homeboy! [Randy] Yeah, Okay! [Ice-T] But I don't wanna call it Six In Morning, man [Randy] Then what you're gonna call it homie?!!  [Verse One: Ice-T] Midnight, chilling in A.M.P.M. Cooling drinking apple juice, in Evil's BM The sound is up loud to attract the tension Armored raw tires on a lowered suspension Nardi to steer with Alpine deck was glowing Bumping Big Daddy, that nigga was definitely flowing I was riding shotgun, Donald and Hen in back Look through the tint, recognized the jack Two brothers strolled up, talking about get out Donald D blazed, shot the fool through his fucking mouth Why would they step, when they know we're strapped? I never cruise L.A. without a gat in my lap The other fool was shot, caught the E in the shoulder plate I've busted through the car door, that's where the nigga laid Hen jumped out, dropped two nines in his forehead Evil was bleeding bad, the car seats were turning red Looked to my left, there were two more carloads Niggaz in hats and hoods, in an attack mode And they hadn't yet begun to fight E hit the gas, it was one past midnight! [Break: DJ Evil E Scratching Quotes below] Listen to my Nine millimeter goes BANG!! ---------> KRS-One Ready or not we have to.. South Central ----------> Ice-T [Ice-T] Yo E, drive drive man, just drive man FUCK IT! just get the FUCK out of here, man [Verse Two: Ice-T] We boned down Vernon and made a right on Normandy Left on Florence, checking through the E.T.G.'s Spun out on Vermont, made a left on Golden, right on Hoover E where we going? - he didn't even answer that Checked the rearview, they were still out back Where were these brothers from? - what made these brothers come? Bang! our back window was removed by a shotgun Now Hen G was shot, Don caught a ricochet These motherfuckers was ill, they didn't come to play Bust a right turn parking, then we got left Hid in the bushes, shot a gas tank to fake death But would this really keep them psyched? Three of us bleeding, it was ten past midnight! [Break: DJ Evil E Scratching Quotes below] Listen to my Nine millimeter goes BANG!! ---------> KRS-One Mid night, time for the homicide, South Central ----------> Ice-T [Ice-T] Come on man, y'all bleeding bad man You got to keep up man, we can't stop here Listen to my Nine millimeter goes BANG!! ---------> KRS-One [Verse Three: Ice-T] I really didn't like how this shit was going down Wrong night, wrong time, wrong fucking part of town You see, we was deep in the Hoover's hood Three niggaz bleeding, that shit don't look good! See over there red don't go, some places red's all they know But not our luck, tonight we was real fucked Broke down an alley, and we instantly had to duck Fuck the Police on a gang sweep No time to deal with One Time, so we had to creep Broke through a back yard, ran through a vacant lot E, Hen and Don kept up, to be some niggaz shot Shit was getting crazy so I had to get busy Hen was bleeding worse, and Evil was getting dizzy Looked in the parking lot, I needed a snatch bar Had to hot wire, so I moved on an old car It was a Bucket, but fuck it, it had to do Started it up and scooped my whole crew Two blocks later we saw fucking blue lights The pigs were behind us, it was half past midnight! [Break: DJ Evil E Scratching Quotes below] Listen to my Nine millimeter goes BANG!! ---------> KRS-One Ready or not we have to.. South Central ----------> Ice-T [Ice-T] Y'all just lay down on the floor of this car man FUCK! the Police man, I'ma handle this man Listen to my Nine millimeter goes BANG!! ---------> KRS-One [Verse Four: Ice-T] When they pulled us over shit got worse I've waited til they got out, and then I hit reverse Fucked them up, I seen one cop fall Threw it in gear, yo I'm Audi y'all Don't know how, but somehow we got away Lost the jackers, the cops dumped the G.T.A. Made it back to the hood, fixed the crew up And even though Evil's car blew up We made it home and then I crashed out Thinking about my all-night death bout Then something woke me up from my dark sleep The sound of fucking police, when they're trying to creep Broke through my door with no goddamn warning Looked at my watch, it was six in the morning! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Evil E, Prince Whipper Whip Album: O.G. Original Gangster Song: Fried Chicken Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Ice-T] Yo nigga, your mama got two feet grown out here titties Bitch fell down and kept running [Ice-T] Off to the studio late night It's time to cut another track, it's gotta be hype Got my rhyme book in hand, a blue loose leaf Anybody moves on that, they get loose teeth Evil's got the funky beat, a stupid dope loop But the record's kind of old! [Break: Prince Whipper Whip] What we gonna do troop? [Ice-T] We gotta clean it up, cause it's so dope Tried the rubbing alcohol or even the Ivory soap But no matter what we do, the record keeps clicking FUCK IT! FUCK IT! FUCK IT! FUCK IT!! [Outro:] [Ice-T] Yo E, give me some of that damn fried chicken! Oh yeah [EvilE] Oh yeah, ha ha [Ice-T] Oh yeah, this sounds kind of nice man [EvilE] Word! Definitely got flew [Ice-T] I don't think niggaz gonna hear that crack one man   We should use this, right? [EvilE] Yo, Fuck that! yeah [Ice-T] We can decree it out, word! you know [EvilE] Ha ha ha yeah [Ice-T] I like how this is going down, word! [EvilE] Ha ha ha yeah, ummhmm.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: O.G. Original Gangster Song: M.V.P.s Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Ice-T Talking] Yo, yo, what's up? this is MC Ice-T I'm here to kick off the M.V.P.s. for the 90s You know, I'm talking about my most valuable player buddies You know, so I'ma drop them on you like this Check it out [Ice-T] To the brothers who put me on in Hip-Hop I'm talking bout Grandmaster Kazz, Grandmaster Melle Mel Afrika Islam, Africa Bambaataa, Roger from Encore Jams out here in L.A. The unknown DJ, and the man called AJ, used to run the Radio Peace out, without you I wouldn't be getting it on You know what I'm saying?, and y'all all are players (players, players) To some of the rappers that gave me respect when others were dissing me I'm talking bout the man Jah Lil, the One Extasy And the man Grandmaster D, I'm talking bout Whodini And also the Force MD You treated a brother real cool back in the day You know, I ain't forgot that, you know what I'm saying? All those other rappers were treating me like suckers, FUCK THEM!! Cause y'all are players To RUN D.M.C. who kept rap alive when rap was about to take a dive You know what I'm saying? You are the kings of Rock, and peace out, y'all are players [Break: Ice-T] Players, players, straight up!! [Ice-T] To my true player buddies I'm talking about Big Daddy Kane You was a player to your motherfucking heart Yeah, you know, you're my nigga, peace!! To Biz Markie, yeaaaahh boy, you know the Biz Remember back on the bus, when we had the bus and we was sharing it Biz? Yeah, I ain't forgot it, you're my nigga, word Eric B and Rakim and the man Ant, yeah True niggaz with attitudes.. to King Sun, peace god To Chuck, Flavor and Griff Y'all are still one group as far as I'm concern And you are true players To KRS-One and D-Nice and Scott La-Rock I talk to you every night Scott, you know what time it is And the BDP posse, they're all players [Break: Ice-T] Players, players, that's right!! [Ice-T] To Luke Skyywalker and my man Marquis and Mr. Mixx Keep it bumping down there in Miami, cause y'all are players To the EPMD true players To my man Moe Dee, Easy Lee and the whole crew Y'all are players To my man Daddy-O and the Set Posse, players To MC Lyte and Queen Latifah Two ladies that got all the Ice's respect And that's right, that's right girls Y'all are players (players, players) To my west coast niggaz, I'm talking about Too $hort Nigga, you're in the house, Short Dawg, peace out my man That's right homeboy, cause you're a motherfucking player To the AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted, I'm talking about Ice Cube We always been cool and we will always be cool Cause you're my main man, and you was a player To Eazy-E, N.W.A. and The D.O.C. There's a lot of static going on between you and Da Lench Mob But I can't forget the days we used to all tour together You know what I'm saying? So you got my respect, and you're motherfucking players [Break] Players, players [Ice-T] To my man King Tee, seemed like he can't think without a drink But he's a player, he's a player, I got to admit it Tila, you're a goddamn player To Tone Loc, Boo Ya and the man Kid Frost Y'all be out tearing up clubs literally, and you're true players To the one and only Trigger Happy Geto Boys It took along time and I was there I seen you brothers coming up But now you're in motherfucking effect And you're goddamn players (players, players, players) Ha ha, to the Syndicate, too many to name Y'all right here in the studio, so why I'ma name ya? I'm looking right at ya And y'all know I ain't even got to tell y'all, y'all are players Peace out to my manager George I taught you how to be a player, and you're doing well To the Crime Crew, good to see y'all out of jail And y'all are all players Remember back in the day we used to rob jewelry stores together? To the producers Afrika Islam, the one and only DJ Aladdin (Aladdin, Aladdin) SLJ Rock bottom, and the man called Bilal Peace out, y'all made this record hit and y'all players Especial shout out is going out to the one and only MC Hammer A lot of people dis you man, they just jealous.. Fuck them, fuck them, fuck them, fuck them, fuck them... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Afrika Islam, Sean E Mac (Rhyme Syndicate) Album: O.G. Original Gangster Song: Lifestyles of the Rich and Infamous Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Opening Skit:] [Sean E Mac] Yo Yo Ice, what's popping G? [Ice-T] Yo, I'm just cooling out Sean E Mac I was listening to your demo tapes man, you sound kind of hype man You're gonna blow up this year, boy [Sean E Mac] Yeah, you know I don't wanna come out I wanna go on tour with you, man [Ice-T] Yo Homes man, touring ain't what it's all cranked up to be man This is.. little different than you think man [Sean E Mac] Yo, what is it really like, baby? [Verse One: Ice-T] It's eight A.M. - I roll out my silk sheets Get fly, crash the limo back seats Looking in some faces of some ladies that I never met On the interview tip, no sweat They ask me questions, I throw the words back They say they write facts, I know that's bull crap They're kicking drama, but then drama's my middle name That's the price your pay for big fame The cellular phone rings, don't want to pick it up But it's my J-O-B, I gotta kick it up Another damn reporter on the line with a word quiz I got a show cause I'm living in a showbiz Out the limo to the plane in the pouring rain I hate flying but there's no time for slow trains Another show to do, I gotta catch my crew They left last night, in the bus around two The plane's a small one, no fun at all! Bouncing around the air like a tennis ball When it touches down, I wanna kiss the ground But it's time to wreck a new town Get to the arena, meet up with the crew They tell me all the speakers blew The cordless don't work, sound man's a jerk Somebody's gonna get hurt I'm crazy mad but my fans want autographs I turn my angry frowns, into fake laughs I can't be rude cause they won't understand I ain't no human no more, I'm a superman! [Chorus: Ice-T] You can try but you'll never understand this You can try but you'll never understand this Try and try but you'll never understand this The lifestyles of the rich and infamous [Skit #2: Afrika Islam] Alright, you got five installs to do Then after that you got a photo session Right on dolo, Grandmaster spin, I don't know There's a fucking bunch of people out there want to see you [Verse Two: Ice-T] Four hours to show time, oh well! I might as well check in the hotel Get a little rest before it's time to play Ten brothers standing in the hallway All with demo tapes, they need the hook up They heard that I was, the one to look up I can't ditch them cause they already saw me I'll put my head down, maybe they'll ignore me No chance - Ice what's going on? I listened to twenty five songs And after that, the brothers still wouldn't leave They started looking at my T.V. I was gonna break down if they didn't jet soon Stunk across the hall and crashed in E's room But then this freak came in, thought I was E Straddled her legs across me Ripped off her blouse, pushed her breast against my face Started gyrating her waist Sounds fly, like a hype sex thriller? But see she looked like Godzilla Pushed her off me, home girl hit the floor This is what it's like on tour I hit the hallway, it was crawling thick Could we take this picture real quick? Jumped into a pose that I used a million times before Took pictures with the whole damn floor I couldn't say No! Not! to my fans You see they wouldn't understand [Chorus: Ice-T] You can try but you'll never understand this You can try but you'll never understand this You can try but you'll never understand this The lifestyles of the rich and infamous [Skit #3: Afrika Islam] Alright, would somebody get these fucking whores off the bus? Get the goddamn girls off the bus, no more backstage bathes Whose guest is this? ~ let's get everybody out of the room The whores the hotel is gonna throw us out, where's Ice-T? He is got to start some more pictures up here Evil E lost a fucking record, what's going on? [Verse Three: Ice-T] Now it's show time, time to flow time Evil lost the records but we still gotta go time The house is packed, everybody is on their feet So I say: Throw on Rakim's beat E hits the Fader and the crowd is lit I start busting off some new shit The stage is so smokey that I almost fall off I start inhaling it, I'm trying not to cough I'm catching problems from every angle The mic cords are tangled I try to flow smooth but my words are mangled Damn near slipped and broke my ankle If that ain't enough the police are hawking Listening real close to the words I'm talking They wanna put a brother like me in the back seat Just because I curse the beat They wanna tap my phone, wanna keep my crib bugged Call all my homies felonious street thugs You might say I think this lifestyle sucks? I wouldn't trade it for a million bucks Although it's all not glamor and gleam It's still my dream You can try but you'll never understand this The lifestyles of the rich and infamous [Outro: Ice-T] Yo, this is dedicated to all my fans That support Ice-T and the Rhyme Syndicate, Peace!! I love you, The lifestyles of the rich and infamous The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Body Count Album: O.G. Original Gangster Song: Body Count Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: TV Interviewer] Ice-T, after your tremendous success on your past album  Some have said; you have sold out because of the use of rock'n'roll in your music How do you reply to that? [Ice-T replying] You see, a lotta people don't realize that, you know Rock'N'Roll is truely black music It was created by Chuck, Berry, Little Richard Even black people like that, who started it off back in the day You know, and as far as I'm concern music is music I don't look at it as Rock or R&B all that kind of stuff I just look at it as music, you know And anybody who said that I've sold out, they can basically suck my dick Cause I really don't give a fuck about that shit, you know But uhh.. I do what I like, I haven't like Rock'N'Roll  And uhh.. I feel sorrow for anybody who only listens to one form of music You know, right now, I got my own Rock band, it's got to jump off It's really black hardcore band called Body Count And uhh.. on some of the records I'm like laying some vocals on it And uhh.. I got a tape of it right here, yo, check it out [Song's Intro: Ice-T] You know, sometimes I sit at home, you know, and I watch TV And I wonder what would be like to live in some place like You know, The Cosby Show, Ozzie and Harriet You know, where Cops come and got you cut outta the tree All your friends died at old age But you see.. I live in South Central, Los Angeles  And unfortunately... SHIT AIN'T LIKE THAT!! It's real fucked up! [Verse One: Ice-T] God damn, what a brother gotta do To get a message through To the red and white and blue What? I gotta die before you realize I was a brother with opened eyes? The world's insane while you drink champagne And I'm living in black reign You try to ban the A.K. I got ten of them stashed With a case of hand grenades [Hook: Body Count] (Tell us what to do?) Fuck you! (Tell us what to do?) Fuck you! (Tell us what to do?) Fuck you! (Tell us what to do?) Fuck you! [Verse Two: Ice-T] You'd know what to do If your kid got killed on the way to school Or a cop shot your kid in the back yard Shit would hit the fan motherfucker and it will hit real hard I hear it every night, another gun fight The tension mounts, on with the Body Count [Break: Ice-T] Yo Beatmaster V, take these motherfuckers to South Central Ha ha ha, yeah, fuck that I hear it every night, another gun fight The tension mounts, on with the Body Count Last weekend thirty seven kids killed in gang warfare in my back yard NO!!, NO!!, NO!! Yo Ernie C, take these motherfuckers home, yeah Yo, we're in the house, Body Count fool, 1991 motherfucker I hear it every night, another gun fight The tension mounts, on with the Body Count [Verse Three: Ice-T] God damn what a brother gotta do To get a message through To the red and white and you? What? I gotta die before you realize I was a nigga with opened eyes? The world's insane while you drink champagne And I'm living in black reign Don't you hear the guns? You stupid, dumb, dick sucking, bum politicians!! [Hook: Body Count] (Tell us what to do?) Fuck you! (Tell us what to do?) Fuck you! [Outro: Ice-T] The tension mounts... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: O.G. Original Gangster Song: Prepared to Die Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Ice-T] Watch me flip and rip on the freedom tip Open your mind, see the point of the ice pick I stand tall while my brothers still choose to crawl Black Power, it's in effect y'all But you don't understand; you're still a slave to the man Prepare for revolution Some suckers say we're free, I gotta disagree Half my posse is in the penitentiary So I'ma drop and kick the science with defiance Because I have no alliance With suckers who choose not to act Black When they are Black Get out my face with that, you better ease back Cause Mandela did twenty seven hard ones Not in a windowed room but in a barred one While his wife had tears in her eyes The man is a hero, he needs a Nobel Prize But that will never happen, so I'm gonna keep rapping Freeing my brothers' minds, from their entrapment To silence the Ice, they'll probably put a bullet in me But I'm prepared to die when Mandela is free! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Evil E the Great, Sean E Sean (Rhyme Syndicate) Album: O.G. Original Gangster Song: Escape from the Killing Fields Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro:] [Ice-T:] Yo Evil man, I'm tired of this shit man    I'm ready to get the fuck out of here, you're with it? [Evil E] Word! let's break out of here Ice, word up! [Ice-T:] I got to go man, yo, homeboy, do you wanna go? [Sean E] No! man [Ice-T:] Yo, Fuck! you then man, yo E, you're with it? [Evil E] Yo, I'm with it man.. [Ice-T:] Well, let's get the posse man, we're gonna blow this hot ??    Fuck! these police down here man [Evil E] Word! We don't need this [Ice-T:] Hit the gates [Hook: DJ Evil E] I escaped from the Killing Field I escaped from the Killing Field I escaped from the Killing Field I escaped from the Killing Field I escaped from the Killing Field [Verse One: Ice-T] Here we go; I'm moving off death row You gotta keep up hops, you can't be slow Cause the towers are high, they got the hype gats Check the perimeters as good, read the maps It's night, they might not see us Cause if they catch us out there they'll bleed us Shoot us, kill us, dump us in a dark ditch Clean it up, call it a gang hit I gotta make my move cause I'm a renegade I recognize when mind techniques are being played It's a plot, they use to keep down another Here comes another brainwashed brother [Skit #1: Sean E Sean] Yo man, it sounds like you're selling out to me Cause I'm from the ghetto man I'm supposed to stay in the ghetto all my life We ain't never supposed to live here We're black, we're supposed to be poor [Verse Two: Ice-T] Shut up! do you know how dumb you sound? That mentality what keeps my people down Nobody wants to live in an urban war You lived there cause your parents were poor They lived there because theirs were also Get yourself together, hit the gate bro! [Chorus: Ice-T] You gotta get out! - You gotta get out! - Why? You gotta get out! - You gotta get out! - Why? You gotta get out! - You gotta get out! - Why? Cause the fields are where you die! [Hook: DJ Evil E] I escaped from the Killing Field I escaped from the Killing Field I escaped from the Killing Field I escaped from the Killing Field I escaped from the Killing Field [Verse Three: Ice-T] You try to keep us gunning and running faster But I ain't running from you, I'm running at ya And my posse is thick about a mil' strong Too late to make up now cause it's on I'm the one that's got you in constant fear I'm the nigga you should've killed last year But you played yourself, you let me gained wealth Now I can change the way the cards are dealt I've schooled my homeboys, made them all understand The tricks and twists inflicted on the Black man How you make me think to be down? I gotta stay around, down in the motherfucking battlegrounds [Skit #2:Unidentified Rhyme Syndicate member] We got the Puerto Ricans where we want them We got the Mexicans and the Blacks where we want them On ship that all black, we gotta kick them together The same way we got those FUCKING Indians [Verse Four: Ice-T] There'll never be any good schools in the hood There'll never be any cops that are any as good The hospital is a great place to go to die Real Estate is cheap, let me tell you why? The man has got a sure fire system An economic prison! [Chorus: Ice-T] You gotta get out! - You gotta get out! - Why? You gotta get out! - You gotta get out! - Why? You gotta get out! - You gotta get out! - Why? Cause the fields are where you die! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Special K (Treacherous Three) Album: O.G. Original Gangster Song: Street Killer Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Ice-T Impersonating L.A.P.D. Officer Johnson] Okay, check this out! I got crazy posse I got the stupidest motherfucking posse in the whole goddamn city You fuck with me, I'll snatch you out your car Right in front of your goddamn bitch and beat you down right there I got more guns than anybody, I got crazy guns You know.. I got homeboys on motorcycles And when we come we wearing our blue, you know what I'm saying? And I'll beat your fucking ass Don't nobody call me by my name cause they'll get smacked the fuck up! You know, you can't put me in jail, you can't even fuck with me Cause I'm the craziest motherfucker on the street Don't nobody want none of this, you know what I'm saying? Cause if you fuck with me or any of my friends You'll get killed, point blank!! (*Door Knocked*) [Outro: Special K as an Internal affairs Officer] Excuse me Officer Johnson, Internal Affairs We'd like to have a few words with you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: O.G. Original Gangster Song: Pulse of the Rhyme Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Verse One: Ice-T] Just checking my microphone once as I test your audio Increase the bass response, hoping the speakers blow I got no time to sit and flip and pop bullshit Turn up your stereo hops, insert the rhyme clip Close your windows up, make sure it's air tight E.Q. the track exact, so shit sounds right I rhyme of death and darkness and danger Your crib or car becomes a torture chamber I lace my rhymes with violence, what you expect? Sounds of pain, the snap of a broken neck All alone in darkness, I sit each night Write my rhymes with blood upon a butcher knife You say the Ice is ill, and ill I am They try to ban my shit and I don't give a damn Roll up, your eye will get swoll up Suckers who flexed, yo, their deaths got tolled up (Hold Up!) Cause I'm not the nigga to toy with, boy with the big mouth You got time to riff? - there's time to take you out Put a couple caps in your ass, cut your head off Send it to your moms with flowers cause I'm so soft Lay on your whack crew, smoke the whole bunch Bury them in my backyard, and then I'll eat lunch Cause I don't give a fuck about you, or him or her Whenever I'm in the house; a death just might occur Is this real or fiction? - you'll never know While you're locked to the pulse of the rhyme flow! [* Beat Break*] [Verse Two: Ice-T] Once I lock you up, you can't get loose You stuck your head inside then I placed the noose The mic drips juice slow from the steel mesh My words feel like hooks underneath your flesh Making you twist and turn, scorch and burn When will you learn? - the Nineties are my turn To pitch a vocal fit, like the ultimate Gangster rhyme, yo, I invented this shit! Watch me do it, as I do it and I do it right Grab the gauge, duct tape on the flashlight Don of the black Ski Mask can come to your house Cut off your power, and do you with the lights out! Is this real or fiction? - well you'll never know While you're locked to the pulse of the rhyme flow! [* Beat Break*] [Verse Three: Ice-T] A pool of blood and floating body parts would make me grin A close view of a razor when it's breaking skin If you were burning, I'd use gasoline to put you out Cause I walk alone, and choose the dark route Nightmares gotta be loved by some, and I'm the one You wanna come, bring your shotgun You ever seen your partner die? - No, Well I have! You ever seen your father die? - No, Well I have! You ever seen your mother die? - No, Well I have! So shut the fuck up, punk! - and clear the rhyme path! What would make feel calm and nice is a slow slice Through your jugular and windpipe Throw me in jail, I won't even try to make bail Put me in the gas chamber and watch me inhale! Is this true or false? - well you'll never know While you're locked to the pulse of the rhyme flow! [Verse Four: Ice-T] Chasing, tails of the Crib in the Darkside Another fly murder, another suicide Did these flicks have an influence on my brain? I really doubt that shit, I think that I was born insane When I was young, I had a lust for knives and guns Use a magnifying glass to fry an ant with the sun And on and on my lust for death got bigger At fifteen I was placed behind a trigger Although I'm dirty, not the one to be swept up Step up, I'd love to open your chest up I've got no concept for life or death Flexing my hands on your neck, all I want is your last breath Give me a motherfucking break, I should behave Give me a motherfucking shovel, I'll dig graves! I break ill in extra large portions Where's your parents? - I'll make you an orphan So when you're talking crazy, you better think of me The I, to the C, to the E, to the fucking T! There'll be no screams, no tears or cries Just a laser beam between your fucking eyes You feel strange, so now you know That you're locked to the pulse of the rhyme flow! Flow! Flow! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Al Patrome, Mello, Sean E Sean (Rhyme Syndicate) Album: O.G. Original Gangster Song: The Tower Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Verse One: Ice-T] I'm rolling up in a big gray bus And I'm shackled down, myself that's who I trust The minute I arrived, some sucker got hit Shanked ten times behind some bullshit Word in the pen, the fool was a snitch So without hesitating, I made a weapon quick Found a sharp piece of metal, taped it to a stick Then a bullhorn sounds, that means it's time for chow My first prison meal, the whole feeling was foul It wasn't quite my style, but my stomach growled So I flushed the shit down and hit the weight pile The brothers was swole, the attitudes was cold Felt the tension on the yard, from the young and the old But I'm a warrior, I got my ground to hold So I studied the inmates, to see who had the power The Whites? The Blacks? or just the gun tower! [Inmate #1: Sean E Sean] Yo man, I was at the gang's town man On the door ?? on a great pile man And these two fools was fighting with white boys, man The white boy threw them all through the window, man And back them ?? was like hanging out man The COG don't wanna touch them, man It's like blood everywhere But I figured I just can't be stick that well in this commissary, man It was Real bad man, it was Real crazy up there man, it was wild! [Verse Two: Ice-T] In a blink of an eye, a riot broke out Blacks put their backs to the wall, cause it was north and south A gun man shouts and everybody had doubts Until the bullets started flying, took two men out Then they rushed everybody back to their cells Damn! the pen is different from the county jail I'm in a one man cell, I know my life's on a scale I wonder if that gunman is going to hell This is my second day, I got a ten year stay I learned my first lesson in the pen; there's no play I've seen a brother killed another cause they said he was gay But that's the way it is, it been that way for years When his body hit the ground, I heard a couple of cheers It kind of hurt me inside, they were glad he died And I ask myself, just who had the power? The Whites? the Blacks? or just the gun tower! [Inmate #2: Mello] In Solidad, XL the first day of the RTQ Some passed through the petal Detectors I can feel their attitude is so thick, I can touch it The manpower was all around, I can definitely see that Before I know it, three stickers are went Yeah, few cats get, locked down [Verse Three: Ice-T] You see, the Whites got a thing they call White pride The Blacks got the muscle, Mexicans got the knives You better be wise, you wanna stay alive Go toe to toe with a sucker, no matter what size A fool tried to sweat me, acting like he was hard I stuck him twice in the neck, and left him dead in the yard It was smooth how I did it, cause nobody could see With my jacket on my arm and my knife on the side of me Bam bam, it was over, another fools bites the dust I went crazy in the pen with nobody to trust I'm benching ten quarters, so I'm hard to sweat Used a tat gun, and engraved my set They call me a lifer cause I'm good as dead I live in the hole, so the floor is my bed And I ask myself again who has the power The Whites? The Blacks? or just the gun tower [Inmate #3: Al Patrome] Damn! man, it's getting too overflow Back up here, you know, Charles Mason or any dead killer You know, on the main line, you know what I'm saying? Them white boys getting stuck on the regular Getting their commissary took, you know what I'm saying? Then I go from there to sue this world You know, I made me some steel, you know what I'm saying? Had me get busy with it, if you know what I'm saying? Had to get busy, you know, got pushed to the whole Laid dead, and I had defined myself, you know what I'm saying? When I was able to get back to the.. mainline, you know what I'm saying? There was drama once again, you know, they were ready to move on me Ready to roll me up off the yard, you know But my God is with me, you know what I'm saying? John Nail, Nilson, you know what I'm saying? OGs, was down on my line, you know what I'm saying? Ready to get busy, put they life on the line and stick something for me Then they rolled us up, you know, put us back in a solitary Moved us from there to the other yard Where was more drama, and the Warning Shot was a hit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: O.G. Original Gangster Song: You Shoulda Killed Me Last Year Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Ice-T] Before I go I'd like to say a few things This album was completed on January 15th. 1991 By now the war has probably started And a whole bunch of people have probably died out there In the desert over some bullshit There's a war going on right now in my neighborhood But I can't really determine which one is worse! I think the one, that we are all fighting is fucked up And that's the war inside our brains, you know But uhh.. I feel bad about all the brothers and sisters Whose getting pulled right out of their neighborhoods An all the cities, and uhh.. small towns in America That go over there and fight for that BULLSHIT! That most of them don't really have anything to do with So I gotta send PEACE Out! to them Also PEACE Out! to all my homies in jail Brothers that are dead, and locked up right here on earth Talking about the brothers in Solidad, San Quentin All the way up to Pelicans Bay, Tracy, Chino And all my homeboys out there in the East Coast lockdown facilities I'm talking about Clinton, Rykers, Jolead, You know every prison in the whole fucking world, man That's like, you know, all bullshit, you know They say slavery has been abolished except for the convicted felony Y'all need to think about that That lets you know what the fucking constitution really is about, you know A lot of my homeboys have been locked down my whole entire career And that's some bullshit So for them, from the Rhyme Syndicate and Ice-T I'd like to send this special shout out [Outro: Ice-T] Fuck the police, Fuck the FBI, Fuck the DEA, Fuck the CIA Fuck Tipper Gore, Bush and his cripple BITCH! This is Ice-T, I'm out of here Told you, you should have killed me last year! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Body Count Song: Smoked Pork  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com {*sounds of Thundering, lighting and pour raining*} [Intro] [Ice-T] Yo Moose [Moose] What Up? [Ice-T] Stop the car right here, there they go! [Moose] Shhhhtt! [Ice-T] Alright, give it here, give it here [Moose] Yo man, I wanna do it [Ice-T] No man, let me do it, cool out [Moose] Yo Ice, I wanna do it [Ice-T] Stay in the car man, stay in the car [Moose] Fuck that Ice! [Ice-T] Stay in the car, here I go.. [Ice-T]  Uhh.. Hi officers, ummm.. we had a flat tire back there Do you think you guys could help us out? "Noh, that's not my job; my job's not to help your fucking ass out" I mean, um.. you know, I don't have any other way to get home "That's not my job, asshole." Well uh, could you tell me what your job is? "Right now my job is eating these doughnuts, or maybe... Hey, wait a minute, aren't you {*3 gun shots*} Yup The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Body Count Song: Body Count's in the House Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Intro: Beatmaster V played samples below]  L.A.P.D sirens ----> X3 [Ice-T] We're Body Count, Body Count!! We're Body Count, Body Count!! YEAH MOTHERFUCKER!!! We're Body Count, Body Count!! We're Body Count, Body Count!! We're Body Count, Body Count!! We're Body Count, Body Count!! BODY COUNT NIGGA!! [Break: Beatmaster V played samples below]  Tire screeching on the asphalt ----> X2 [Ice-T] We're Body Count, Body Count!! We're Body Count, Body Count!!  We're Body Count, Body Count!! We're Body Count, Body Count!! [Break: Beatmaster V played samples below]  L.A.P.D sirens ----> X3 Tire screeching on the asphalt ----> X2 [Ice-T] Body Count, Body Count!! Body Count, Body Body Body Count!! Body Count, Body Count!! Body Count, Body Count!! Body Count, Body Count!! Body Count, Body Count!! Body Count, Body Count!! Body Count, Body Count!! [Break: Beatmaster V played a 20 seconds of Electronic guitar]  [Ice-T] Awwwwwwwwww shit Body Count's in the house, Body Count!! Body Count's in the house, Body Count!! Body Count's in the house, Body Count!! Body Count's in the house, Body Count!! Body Count's in the house, Body Count!! Body Count's in the house, Body Count!! Body Count's in the house, Body Count!! Body Count's in the house, Body Count!! Right about now; in the motherfucking place to be On the bass I got my main motherfucker called Mooseman Laying the rhythm tracks; I got the one and only infamous D-Roc On the drums; I got the one and only Beatmaster V, motherfucker On lead guitars, I got my nigga Ernie C And I'm Ice motherfucking T, bitch [Ice-T] Come on come on, make some noise Yeah, goddamn it! Come on, come on, come on, come on, Come on!! Body Count's in the house, Body Count!! Body Count's in the house, Body Count!! Body Count's in the house, Body Count!! Body Count's in the house, Body Count!! Body Count's in the house, Body Count!! Body Count's in the house, Body Count!! Body Count's in the house, Body Count!! Body Count's in the house, Body Count!! [Break: Beatmaster V played samples below until faded]  L.A.P.D sirens  Tire screeching on the asphalt [Outro: Ice-T] Uhh! Yeah! Uhh! Come on! Yeah! Make some noise! BC, BC BC Body Count, motherfuckers! Body Count's in the house, Body Count!! (*Gun Shot*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Body Count Song: Now Sports Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Ice-T] This weekend; seventeen youths killed in Gang homicides Now Sports!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Body Count Song: Body Count Typed by: ddamontae@yahoo.com [Intro: TV Interviewer] Ice-T, after your tremendous success on your past album  Some have said; you have sold out because of the use of rock'n'roll in your music How do you reply to that? [Ice-T replying] You see, a lotta people don't realize that, you know Rock'N'Roll is truely black music It was created by Chuck, Berry, Little Richard Even black people like that, who started it off back in the day You know, and as far as I'm concern music is music I don't look at it as Rock or R&B all that kind of stuff I just look at it as music, you know And anybody who said that I've sold out, they can basically suck my dick Cause I really don't give a fuck about that shit, you know But uhh.. I do what I like, I haven't like Rock'N'Roll  And uhh.. I feel sorrow for anybody who only listens to one form of music You know, right now, I got my own Rock band, it's got to jump off It's really black hardcore band called Body Count And uhh.. on some of the records I'm like laying some vocals on it And uhh.. I got a tape of it right here, yo, check it out [Song's Intro: Ice-T] You know, sometimes I sit at home, you know, and I watch TV And I wonder what would be like to live in some place like You know, The Cosby Show, Ozzie and Harriet You know, where Cops come and got you cut outta the tree All your friends died at old age But you see.. I live in South Central, Los Angeles And unfortunately... SHIT AIN'T LIKE THAT!! It's real fucked up! [Verse One: Ice-T] God damn, what a brother gotta do To get a message through To the red and white and blue What? I gotta die before you realize I was a brother with opened eyes? The world's insane while you drink champagne And I'm living in black reign You try to ban the A.K I got ten of them stashed With a case of hand grenades [Hook: Body Count] (Tell us what to do?) Fuck you! (Tell us what to do?) Fuck you! (Tell us what to do?) Fuck you! (Tell us what to do?) Fuck you! [Verse Two: Ice-T] You'd know what to do If your kid got killed on the way to school Or a cop shot your kid in the back yard Shit would hit the fan motherfucker and it will hit real hard I hear it every night, another gun fight The tension mounts, on with the Body Count [Break: Ice-T] Yo Beatmaster V, take these motherfuckers to South Central Ha ha ha, yeah, fuck that I hear it every night, another gun fight The tension mounts, on with the Body Count Last weekend thirty seven kids killed in gang warfare in my back yard NO!!, NO!!, NO!! Yo Ernie C, take these motherfuckers home, yeah Yo, we're in the house, Body Count fool, 1991 motherfucker I hear it every night, another gun fight The tension mounts, on with the Body Count [Verse Three: Ice-T] God damn what a brother gotta do To get a message through To the red and white and you? What? I gotta die before you realize I was a nigga with opened eyes? The world's insane while you drink champagne And I'm living in black reign Don't you hear the guns? You stupid, dumb, dick sucking, bum politicians!! [Hook: Body Count] (Tell us what to do?) Fuck you! (Tell us what to do?) Fuck you! [Outro: Ice-T] The tension mounts... And uhh.. I feel sorrow for anybody who only listens to one form of music You know, right now, I got my own Rock band, it's got to jump off It's really black hardcore band called Body Count And uhh.. on some of the records I'm like laying some vocals on it And uhh.. I got a tape of it right here, yo, check it out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Body Count Song: A Statistic Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Ice-T] A statistic: At this moment; There are more black males in prison than in college The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Body Count Song: Bowels of the Devil Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Verse One: Ice-T] Out one night, I was just chilling out with my crew We were acting wild, cause I didn't have nothing else better to do Got a nine at my waist, stay out my fucking face You fuck with me, right here'll be your resting place Some old sucker, yo, he tried to put a move on me I shot him in the face, murder in the first degree Now I'm sweating, regretting, that's not for me They got me locked in the fucking penitentiary! [Chorus: Ice-T] Bowels of the devil Let me tell you what the motherfucker eats It's stomach is filled with lost souls Guts made out of steel and concrete Bowels of the devil Listen close cause I've been there before And you don't wanna die there, they call it going out the back door The back door, the back door, the back door!! [Verse Two: Ice-T] Walked in the club all the whores gave me the sex look They like a nigga like me cause I'm a known crook And my posse is down, we don't mess around You fuck with us, you'll be six feet underground That night they got me locked in a row called death The governor; that motherfucker wants my last breath That's right, homeboy wanted to pull a switch on me Up here in this fucking penitentiary! [Chorus: Ice-T with variations] Bowels of the devil Let me tell you what that sucker eats It's stomach is filled with my homeboys Guts made out of steel and concrete Bowels of the devil Listen close cause I've been there before And you don't wanna die there, they call it going out the back door The back door, the back door, the back door  Yeah! Bowels of the devil Let me tell you what that sucker eats It's stomach is filled with my homeboys Guts made out of steel and concrete Bowels of the devil Listen close cause I've been there before And you don't wanna die there, they call it going out the back door The back door, the back door, the back door (*Door was slammed shut*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Body Count Song: The Real Problem Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Ice-T] The problem isn't the lyrics on the records It's the fear of the white kids liking a black artist But the real problem; is the fear of the white girl falling in love with the black man!! Artist: Body Count Album: Body Count Song: KKK Bitch Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Ice-T] Awww yeah, what's up out there? BC's in the house Right about now, I wanna tell you a little love story, you know what I'm saying? This is a Body Count love story, check out the lyrics You know.. I'm a tell you about what happened; When we went down South last year on tour [Verse One: Ice-T] Out on tour yo, I been all around the world Went to Georgia; met this fine-ass white girl Blonde hair, blue eyes, big tits and thighs The kind of girl that would knock out most guys She got wild in the backstage bathroom Sucked my dick like a motherfucking vacuum Said: I love you, but my daddy don't play He's the fucking grand wizard of the KKK!! [Chorus: D-Roc, Mooseman.. Ice-T] I I I.. love my KKK bitch, love it when she sucks me though I I I.. love my KKK bitch, love it when she fucks me though I I I.. love my KKK bitch, she loves it when I treat her bad I I I.. love my KKK bitch, motherfuck her dear old dad [Interlude #1: Ice-T] You know what I'm saying? So we was down South falling in love You know.. D-Roc had this Nazi girl, my man Mooseman had a skinhead I fell in love with Tipper Gore's two twelve year old nieces It was wild, you know what I'm saying? It got even worse, you know [Verse Two: Ice-T] So one night they took us to a meeting White sheets, white hoods, no room for seating There was Skinheads, Nazi's and crazies Talking about black people pushing up daisies They hated Blacks, Jews, Puerto Ricans Mexicans, Chinese even the Indians We had our hoods on, and we were slick She pushed her butt up hard against my dick Then her daddy jumped on the stage Talking about killing in a goddamn rage I got mad, my dick got hard Entered in her ass she said: Oh my God! [Chorus: D-Roc, Mooseman.. Ice-T] I I I love my KKK bitch, love it when she fucks me though I I I love my KKK bitch, love it when she sucks me though I I I love my KKK bitch, she loves it when I treat her bad I I I love my KKK bitch, motherfuck her dear old dad [Interlude #2: Ice-T] So what we really trying to say is Body Count loves everybody We love Mexican girls, Black girls, Oriental girls, it really don't matter If you from Mars, and you got a pussy, we will fuck you You know, that's all we're saying, word [Verse Three: Ice-T] So every year when Body Count comes around We throw an orgy in every little Southern town KKK's, Skinheads, and Nazi Girls break their necks, to get to the party It ain't like their men can't nut Their dicks are too little and they just can't fuck So we get buck wild with the white freaks We show them how to really work the white sheets I know her daddy'll really be after me When his grandson's named little Ice-T [Chorus: D-Roc, Mooseman.. Ice-T] I I I.. love my KKK bitch, love it when she fucks me though I I I.. love my KKK bitch, love it when she sucks me though I I I.. love my KKK bitch, she loves it when I treat her bad I I I.. love my KKK bitch, motherfuck her dear old dad The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Body Count Song: Voodoo Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Ice-T] AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! Way down in New Orleans Yeaaaahhhhh, I met this old lady She said she'd teach me about Voodoo She said she knew about Voodoo (Voodoo) She said she'd teach me about the Voodoo She said she knew about Voodoo (Voodoo) She had an old doll (Voodoo) She had a long shiny needle (Voodoo) She held the doll in the air, it looked kinda like me (Voodoo) She took the needle, stuck it in it's eye! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! My eye, bitch!  [Break: Beatmaster V] OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH HA!! [Ice-T] Now I'm still in the room with this crazy bitch And she still had the doll She said I'll teach you about the Voodoo (Voodoo) You wanna learn about Voodoo? (Voodoo) She said I'll teach you about the.. Voodoo (Voodoo) She said she knew about.. Voodoo She held the doll in her hand (Voodoo) She had some long shiny scissors (Voodoo) She said some magic words (Voodoo) The doll looked more and more like me (Voodoo) She held the doll in the air (Voodoo) She took the scissors, cut off all it's fingers! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! My finger, bitch! [Break: Beatmaster V] AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! Voodoo, Voodoo, Voodoo, Voodoo Voodoo, Voodoo, Voodoo, Voodoo [Ice-T] So if you're ever down in New Orleans Yeaaahhh, you might meet an old lady She might have a doll, it might look like you Don't ask about the.. Voodoo (Voodoo) Stay away from Voodoo (Voodoo) Leave alone the.. Voodoo (Voodoo) Motherfuck the.. Voodoo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count f/ James Hetfield Album: Body Count  Song: The Winner Loses Typed by: ddamontae@live.com My friend's addicted It's OK smokes day and night drives mom and pop insane Living his life in the dark light every dollar he gets goes into the pipe He wants to borrow some money from me do you think I'm blind don't know the score can't see? You wanna get high as the sky You're kissin' your life goodbye You think it's game that you play But the winners lose it all someday Ya don't know who you are are you losin' your mind? Things get a little tight he committed a crime Give me your money or give me your life! You betta empty your pockets because ya ya don't live twice You gonne get high as the sky You're kissin' your life goodbye You think it's a game that you play But the winners lose it all someday He took the money to the dope man and he said he had the best next thing ya knew, cardiac arrest! It was a rollercoaster, he couldn't get off next thing I knew my friends' life was lost. Noooooooooo you wanna get high as the sky You're kissin' your life goodbye You think it's a game that you play But the winners lose it all someday The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Body Count  Song: There Goes the Neighborhood Typed by: ddamontae@yahoo.com There goes the neighborhood Here come them Black Boys With their fancy cars Who gave them Black Boys Those rock guitars?  Who let 'em in the club?  Did you make 'em pay?  Who let 'em on the stage?  Whose lettin' 'em play?  Don't they know rock's just for whites Don't they know the rules?  Those Blacks are too hard core This stuff ain't cool Those blacks want everything In the Whole Thing world That Black Boy plays so good He took my girl There goes the neighborhood There goes the neighborhoooooood There goes the neighborhood There goes the neighborhood There goes the neighborhood Da, da, da, da, da We're here We ain't goin' nowhere We're movin' right next door to you Body count  There goes the neighborhood! Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha There goes the neighborhood! Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha There goes the neightborhoooooood! There goes the neighborhood! Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha There goes the neighborhood! Here come them Black Boys With their fancy cars Who gave them Black Boys Those rock guitars?  Who let 'em in the club?  Did you make 'em pay?  Who let 'em on the stage?  Whose lettin' 'em play?  Don't they know rock's just for whites Don't they know the rules?  Those Blacks are too hard core This stuff ain't cool Those blacks want everything in the whole thing world That Black Boy plays so good He took my girl There goes the neighborhood There, there, there, there goes the neighborhood The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Body Count Song: Oprah Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Ice-T] On Oprah today; we discuss male promiscuity Why men are constantly in the search for sex and new sexual partners!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Body Count Song: Evil Dick  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Intro/Chorus: Ice-T] EVIL DICK!! Evil (DICK!!) ~ evil (DICK!!) Evil (DICK!!) ~ evil (DICK!!) Evil dick [Verse One: Ice-T] Evil dick likes warm and wet places Evil dick don't care about faces Evil dick likes, young tiny small spaces Evil dick leaves little gooey telltale traces Evil dick [Hook: Ice-T] Late at night evil dick, he comes to me  He says: don't sleep alone, don't sleep alone Late at night evil dick, he wakes me up  He says: "Don't sleep alone, don't sleep alone Don't sleep alone, don't sleep alone, don't sleep aloooooooooone [Verse Three: Ice-T] I had this girl, she said she loved me Thought there was no one ever above me She wanted to marry, and have my child But evil dick, he had to get buckwild Took me out one night; out with the freaks If ever there was pussy, evil dick would seek My girl caught me skeezing, she said I wasn't shit! I said: "It wasn't me, baby, was that motherfucker evil dick!" [Hook: Ice-T] Late at night evil dick, he comes to me  He says: don't sleep alone, don't sleep alone Late at night evil dick, he wakes me up  He says: "Don't sleep alone, don't sleep alone Don't sleep alone, don't sleep alone, don't sleep aloooooooooone [Break: Ice-T displays the erotic characters of his dick] And when evil dick has it's way, it sounds a little like this AH, AH, AH, AH, OH, OH, OH, OH COME HERE BABY, COME HERE BABY, AH, AH, AH, AH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, OH SHIT, OH, OH OH, OH... DAMN DICK! [Hook: Ice-T] Late at night evil dick, he comes to me  He says: don't sleep alone, don't sleep alone Late at night evil dick, he wakes me up  He says: "Don't sleep alone, don't sleep alone Don't sleep alone, don't sleep alone, don't sleep aloooooooooone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Body Count Song: Body Count Anthem  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Intro/Chorus: D-Roc, Mooseman] Body Count, Body Count, Body Count, Body Count!! Body Count, Body Count, Body Count!! [Ice-T] BC, BC, BC, BC!! MOTHERFUCKER!! BC, BC, BC, BC!! BC, BC, BC, BC!! BC, BC, BC, BC!! [Chorus: D-Roc, Mooseman] Body Count, Body Count, Body Count, Body Count!! Body Count, Body Count, Body Count, Body Count!! [Ice-T] BC, BC, BC, BC!! BC, BC, BC, BC!! BC, BC, BC, BC!! BC, BC!! SOUTH CENTRAL NIGGA!!  BC, BC!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Body Count Song: Momma's Gotta Die Tonight  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Intro: Ice-T] No, no, no, no, Mommaaaaa!!!! [Chorus: Ice-T] All my life I loved this girl so much All my life I loved her simple touch She cared for me and put me on this earth All the pain of just a simple birth But now I found that she has left me dumb and blind Poisoned, twisted and destroyed my mind! She taught me things that simply were not true She taught me hate for race, that's why I hate you! There's only one way I can make it right, momma's gotta die tonight!! There's only one way I can make it right, momma's gotta die tonight!! [Verse One: Ice-T] Momma, momma, I always loved my momma, I always loved my momma I loved the way she hold me, I love the way she talked to me She used to teach me a lot of things She taught me good things, she taught me bad things ("Don't trust white people, don't trust white people") Don't trust white people, they're no good, they're no good they're no good, they're no good They're just gonna rip you off, they're just gonna rip you off Don't trust them, don't trust them I said: Why momma? She said: ("I told you don't trust them, they're no good") I said: Momma, I thought we were all the same, momma, why momma? She said: ("Don't ask me any questions, don't you challenge your mother") Momma, so one day, I found I fell in love And I brought my girlfriend home, and I introduced her to my mother  And she smacked me ~ was a white girl  And I said: Why momma? Why momma? What did I do wrong? You know.. I found out my mother was an evil woman She hated Puerto Ricans, Mexicans, Jamaicans, Indians, Orientals Momma was no good, I learned to hate my mother, hate my mother So I got some.. ha ha, some lighter fluid, from the corner store And I put it around her bed, and I set her on fire!  Ha, ha, ha.. burn momma, burn momma, burn momma, burn bitch Burn, burn, burrrrrn.. ha, ha, ha..  Burn, you racist bitch! ha, ha, ha..  [Verse Two: Ice-T] But she wasn't quite dead, she jumped up from the bed and I grabbed my Louisville Slugger  That she had bought me for my twelfth birthday  And I came up behind her and I hit her I hit her, I hit her twice, ha, ha, ha.. now she was out Ha.. I went into the kitchen and I got that handy carving knife That we only use on special occasions; like bullshit Thanksgiving And I took her and I laid her old fucked up corpse on the floor  And I cut her in little bitty pieces Cut off her arms, her feet, her neck, and I put her into little green hefty bags And I put it into my car and I said:  Momma, we're going on a vacation, a permanent vacation bitch I took some of her around the world to Arizona New York, Chicago, Atlanta, Miami, Oakland, Ha, ha, ha..  Yo, you wanna go to Connecticut, bitch Ohio, Detroit, Texas, L.A. Whose laughing now momma; whose laughing now, bitch? Whose laughing now? ha, ha, ha, ha.. ha, ha, ha, ha.. [Interlude: Ice-T] So if you got a mother or a grandmother or a father Who wants to carry on the same racist bullshit  That's fucked this world up from day one; you can either  Look them in the face and tell them to suck your dick  Or do like Body Count does!! [Chorus: Ice-T] All my life I loved this girl so much All my life I loved her simple touch She cared for me and put me on this earth All the pain of just a simple birth But now I found that she has left me dumb and blind Poisoned, twisted and destroyed my mind! She taught me things that simply were not true She taught me hate for race, that's why I hate you! There's only one way I can make it right, momma's gotta die tonight!! There's only one way I can make it right, momma's gotta die tonight!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count f/ Jello Biafra Album: Body Count Song: Freedom of Speech Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Mooseman] Aiyyo Ice man; I'm working on this term paper for college  What's the First Amendment? [Verse One: Ice-T] Freedom of Speech, that's some motherfucking bullshit You say the wrong thing, they'll lock your ass up quick The FCC says: "Profanity - No Airplay"? They can suck my dick, while I take a shit all day Think I give a fuck about some silly bitch named Gore? Yo PMRC, here we go, raw Yo Tip, what's the matter? - You ain't getting no dick? You're bitching about Rock'N'Roll, that's censorship, dumb bitch The Constitution says we all got a right to speak Say what we want Tip, your argument is weak Censor records, TV, school books too And who decides what's right to hear? You? Hey PMRC, you stupid fucking assholes The sticker on the record; is what makes them sell gold Can't you see, you alcoholic idiots The more you try to suppress us, the larger we get [Chorus: Ice-T] Freedom of Speech!! just watch what you say Freedom of Speech!! Yeaahh, just watch what you say Freedom of Speech!! Yeaahh boy, just watch what you say You have the right to remain silent [Verse Two: Ice-T] Fuck that right! - I want the right to talk I want the right to speak, I want the right to walk Where I wanna, yell and I'm gonna Tell and rebel every time I'm on a Microphone on the stage cold illing The knowledge I drop will be heard by millions We ain't the problems, we ain't the villains It's the suckers depriving the truth from our children You can't hide the fact, Jack There's violence in the streets every day, any fool can recognise that But you try to lie and lie And say America's some motherfucking apple pie Yo, you gotta be high to believe that You're gonna change the world by a sticker on a record sleeve Cause once you take away my right to speak Everybody in the world's up shit creek [Chorus: Ice-T] Freedom of Speech!! Yeaahh, just watch what you say Freedom of Speech!! Yeaahh boy, just watch what you say Freedom of Speech!! Ha ha! You better watch what you say Explicit Lyrics!! Explicit Lyrics!! [Verse Three: Ice-T] Let me tell you about down south Where a motherfucker might as well not even have a mouth Columbus, Georgia, said they'd lock me up If I got on the stage in my show and said "Fuck" So I thought for a minute and said "No! I wasn't even gonna do a damned show" Cause for me to change my words from my rhymes Is never gonna happen cause there's no sell outs on mine But I vowed to get those motherfuckers one day They even arrested Bobby Brown and Cool J Yo, they got their's coming, cause I'm mad and I'm gunning Homeboys, and there's no running I'm gonna tell you how I feel about you No bull, no lies, no slack, just straight fact Columbus, Georgia, you can suck my dick You ain't nothing but a piece of fucking shit on the damned map [Chorus: Ice-T] Freedom of Speech!! Yeaahh, just watch what you say Freedom of Speech!! Yeaahh, You better watch what you say Freedom of Speech!! Just watch what you say Parental Advisory!! Parental Advisory!! [Verse Three: Ice-T] Freedom of Speech, let them take it from me Next they'll take it from you, then what you gonna do? Let them censor books, let them censor art PMRC, this is where the witch hunt starts You'll censor what we see, we read, we hear, we learn The books will burn You better think it out We should be able to say anything, our lungs were meant to shout Say what we feel, yell out what's real Even though it may not bring mass appeal Your opinion is yours, my opinion is mine If you don't like what I'm saying, Fine But don't close it, always keep an open mind A man who fails to listen is blind We only got one right left in the world today Let me have it or throw The Constitution away [Chorus: Ice-T] Freedom of Speech!! Yeaahh, just watch what you say Freedom of Speech!! You better watch what you say Freedom of Speech!! Yeaahh boy, You better watch what you say Explicit Lyrics!! Explicit Lyrics!! [Outro: Jello Biafra] What they're trying to do with radio With this uhh.. McCarron-Walter Act and a lot of other ways Is start by saying that they're protecting the public from wicked rock bands;  or.. girlie magazines, or whatever.  But if you follow the chain of dominoes that falls down; What they're really trying to do, is shut off our access to information itself If they can't do it by law, they know there's other ways to do it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Body Count Song: Out in the Parking Lot * Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * only available on the first edition [Ice-T] This next record is dedicated to some personal friends of mine; the L.A.P.D. For every cop that has ever taken advantage of somebody Beat him down or hurt him, because they got long hair Listening to the wrong kind of music, wrong color Whatever they thought was the reason to do it For every one of those fucking police; I'd like to take a pig out here in this parking lot  And shoot them in their motherfucking face!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Body Count * Song: Cop Killer Typed by: onyxdh8877@hotmail.com, dy_face@hotmail.com * only on first edition releases of the album [Ice-T] COP KILLER! YEAH!! [Verse One: Ice-T] I got my black shirt on I got my black gloves on I got my ski mask on This shit has been too long I got my twelve guage sawed off I got my headlights turned off I'm about to bust some shots off I'm about to dust some gats off! [Chorus: Ice-T] I'm a.. COP KILLER!! better you than me COP KILLER!! Fuck police brutality! COP KILLER!! I know your family is grieving, but FUCK THEM! COP KILLER!! But tonight we get even, HA HA!! [Verse Two: Ice-T] I got my brain on hype Tonight'll be your night I got this long-ass knife And your neck looks just right Now my adrenaline is pumping I got my stereo bumping I'm about to kill me something A pig stopped me for nothing! [Chorus: Ice-T with variations] COP KILLER!! Better you than me COP KILLER!! Fuck police brutality! COP KILLER!! I know your mamma's grieving, FUCK HER! COP KILLER!! But tonight we get even, YEAH!! [Hook: Ice-T] DIE, DIE, DIE, PIG, DIE! (* Multiple Gunshots*) FUCK THE POLICE!! FUCK THE POLICE!! FUCK THE POLICE!! FUCK THE POLICE!! FUCK THE POLICE!! FUCK THE POLICE!! FUCK THE POLICE!! FUCK THE POLICE!! YEAAHH!! [Chorus: Ice-T with variations] COP KILLER!! Better you than me I'm a.. COP KILLER!! Fuck police brutality! COP KILLER!! I know your family is grieving, FUCK THEM! COP KILLER!! But tonight we get even, HA HA HA!! YEAH!! [Break: Ernie C. played a 17 seconds of Electronic Guitar] [Ice-T] FUCK THE POLICE!! FUCK THE POLICE!! FUCK THE POLICE!! FUCK THE POLICE!! FUCK THE POLICE!! FUCK THE POLICE!! FUCK THE POLICE!! FUCK THE POLICE!! Break it down! FUCK THE POLICE!! YEAH!! FUCK THE POLICE!! For Daryl Gates FUCK THE POLICE!! For Rodney King FUCK THE POLICE!! For my dead homies FUCK THE POLICE!! For your freedom FUCK THE POLICE!! Don't be a pussy FUCK THE POLICE!! Have some motherfucking courage FUCK THE POLICE!! Sing along! COP KILLER!! COP KILLER!! COP KILLER!! COP KILLER!! COP KILLER!! What you wanna be when you grew up? COP KILLER!! Good choice COP KILLER!! I'm a motherfucking Cop Killer!! [Chorus: Ice-T with variations] COP KILLER!! Better you than me COP KILLER!! Fuck police brutality! COP KILLER!! I know your mamma's grieving, FUCK HER! COP KILLER!! But tonight we get even! (* Multiple Gunshot*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album:  Home Invasion Song:   Warning Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Ice-T] Attention!! At this moment you are now listening to an Ice-T LP If you are offended by words like: Shit!! - Bitch!! - Fuck!! - Dick!! - Ass!! - Whore!! - Cum!! Dirty Bitch!! - Low Motherfucker!! - Nigga!!  Hooker!! - Slut!! - Tramp!! Dirty Low Slut!! - Tramp!! - Bitch!! - Whore!! Nigga!! - Fuck!! - Shit!! - whatever.. Take the tape out NOW! This is not a Pop album And by the way; Suck my motherfucking Dick!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Home Invasion Song: It's On Typed by: nemesi_@libero.it Yo, Ice The organization say they can't stay in business with us any longer What you gonna do? [Ice-T] We always knew we were gonna come to this point sooner or later... We have absolutely no option but to move forward. We'll have to set up our own distribution, manufacturing, run a totally indipendent organization and operation. We still got our connections in Texas, Miami, New York, Chicago,  Detroit, and soldiers on the street willing to die. I can't put any cut on the product... I just can't live like that. But from now on if any cops get in our way... (5 gunshots) [Ice-T] Turn up the mic dog, so I can get off Find me Charlton Heston and I might cut his head off I'm not to be fucked with Step in the range of my Gauge and get bucked quick Niggas, hoes, I don't know who you are, my friends or foes Smile in my face and plot to kill me behind doors I got a new attitude, no trust Got me in a corner all a nigga can do is bust It may be you There's gonna be a lot of dead before I'm through I'm 'bout to break off niggas who play me and dis' me Try to switch from side to side like they whip me The damage is done Source Magazine, you're the first one {*gunshot*} You try to dis Chuck, Cube and me How the fuck you pick us 3? You punk motherfuckers ain't shit, you're just a bunch of hoes Makin' money off the pros And when I see I get you in my sights I give your ass a story to write Cause it's on It's on [Chorus: Ice-T] It's on motherfucker and you can't turn the shit off Catch you in the streets and your ass'll get tossed Bang! Bang! Bang! Cause it ain't no thang To put in work and watch your head burst **a gunshot** [Ice-T] A lot of fans ain't shit Let me repeat A lot of fans ain't shit Quick to flip if our group don't hit They don't make you nothin but a pop ho bitch And I don't need ya I love to bleed ya All I ever wanted was a real nigga's praise But the sad motherfuckin' fact Is that ain't that many real motherfuckers these days Game knows game I know too many who plays the name And I can make it in the music or the street game I still got hoes that'll work, still got crews that'll hit Still roll with an extra clip And those who think they'll stop me, doubt it Those motherfuckers better think about it You'd best to let me rap Ice back on the streets? You don't want that Cause I break ill And you really after body count the caps I peel, it's on [chorus: Ice-T] It's on motherfucker and you can't turn the shit off Catch you in the streets and your ass'll get tossed Bang! Bang! Bang! Cause it ain't no thing To put in work and watch your body jerk It's on [Ice-T] It's on motherfucker you goddamn right It's on, my royalty cheque, yeah, fool, I write my own I own my own label put my own shit out So no one tells me what the fuck to talk about And all the suckas that said I was through You need to wake up to my view I'm fallen off Ha! Ha! That's a joke! You motherfuckers are still unknown and broke And I'm stankin' rich My fuckin maid lives better than you, bitch So shut your trap When it comes to this level of game, you don't know jacks CIA, FBI, IRS Try to flip us out for sweat But they'll never sweat you son Cause you're broke and you're dumb and you're no threat to no one Them fools don't play I gotta deal with those motherfuckers every day They'd love to get me behind bars They hawk a nigga like I'm Carlos Escobar But in a way I am Been puttin dope on the street for years and don't give a damn So I'm thinkin about them, friend The real motherfuckin gangstas wanna see me end It's gonna end up in a bloodbath, no doubt That's the only way I'm going out, it's on [Chorus: Ice-T] It's on It's on motherfucker and you can't turn the shit off Catch you in the streets and your ass'll get tossed Bang! Bang! Bang! Cause it ain't no thing To put in work and watch your head burst It's on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album:  Home Invasion Song:   Ice M.F. T Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Ice-T] Yeah! 1993, I'm back motherfucker; this is Ice-T Got my nigga Ice Cube in the motherfucking house  Yeah! Up here in the Ammo Dump studios; I got my nigga Aladdin SLJ's in the motherfucking place, Thomas behind the mixing boards We're about to do this shit like this here! (OH! YEAH!) [Verse One: Ice-T] It's going down tonight in L.A. - buckshot and Uzis spray Microphone blower, the bitch checker, the whore wrecker Ice motherfucking T, nigga step to me But grab your whores quick Cause the Syndicate is throwing that crazy dick Punk motherfuckers run up, you'll get done up We'll have your ass gunned up, before sun-up So what's the color I'm ragging? Been a millionaire for years, still sagging Left pocket's stuffed with the U-Jazz grip 380 in my right so it sags a little bit More than the rest of my gear when I'm on tour I empty clips, bust lips and break jaws Cause I love to loc-up So punk motherfucker don't choke up When you're talking to me [Chorus: Ice-T] Ice, Ice motherfucking T  Ice, Ice motherfucking T (OH! YEAH!) Ice, Ice motherfucking T Ice, Ice motherfucking T  [Verse Two: Ice-T] Bush, Quayle and Clinton got a problem with me The motherfucking T I give less than a fuck about any of them Or their fucking police friends They'd like to take me out make me a goner They even trying to sweat Time Warner Why? - For telling the truth to the youth That a lot of motherfuckers are hot and want police shot? You can't stop the shock  The fires are out but the coals are still hot I got juice to bring pain You're trying to fuck with the Ice, are you insane? This shit is bigger than me be warned It's the low before the storm And every fucking thing I write Is gonna be analyzed by somebody white [Chorus: Ice-T] [Verse Three: Ice-T] Run motherfucker, hide motherfucker, trip motherfucker, die motherfucker You don't give love and you won't get loved You don't push and you won't get shoved No joke, I ain't here to laugh, I ain't here to cry But every night of the week one of my homies die Erny Minni Mynie Moe Blood is pouring out the naps of your afro It could be you, it could be you, could be you Could be your whole damn crew It happens real quick Screeching tires, next thing you're hit Your body is cold, your body is hot You feel your chest, you gasp for breath, you're shot And now your homies is tripping Looking for a Gat to put they clip in Street crime - That's the thing I bring Ice-T I rap BC, I sing, they call it controversy I call it truth with no mercy The beats are fat, Ammo Dump tracks The kind that make speakers crack Not made for squares or the weak punks That made the bump trunks Press! Get the fuck out my fucking face I ain't got no more time to waste A whore is a whore, a bitch is a bitch, a nigga is a nigga and that's it I'm through explaining the shit You're just making me backtrack The next duck reporter will get hit with a blackjack Plus, every one of my true fans totally understands A nigga like me [Chorus: Ice-T X2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Home Invasion Song: Home Invasion All right! When we go up in this goddamn house all I want is the motherfuckin' kids! As far as pops I don't give a fuck what you do... Bust him in his motherfuckin' head! If he got any money, take it! If there is money there, rob the motherfuckin' joint! As far as moms bust her in her goddamn head! Dumb bitch, that's the reason we're going up in there! She don't know what the fuck she's talkin' about! Everyone get back, this is a rap jack I'm takin' your kids' brains, you aint gettin'em back With a move of perfection, my dissection Some call it lethal injection I'm gonna fill'em with hard drums Big drums, bitches, hoes and death, come on and get some I'm not the nigga that you want to leave your kids alone Cause I got my own opening-dome kit And once again I'm gonna put them under my fuckin' spell They might start givin' you fuckin' hell Start changin' the way they walk They talk, they act, now, whose fuckin' fault is that? The home invader... Yo, moms you can basically just suck my dick! This is a home invasion... Yo, pops that shit you talkin' is noise! Word! You full of shit! Check this out, moms, I said time bomb And they sit in your house and remain calm Till you feed'em lies and the flip Start talkin' crazy shit (Fuck you!) Might call you and pops a fool Tell ya that's why they hate school Been offensive and askin' questions Give your brain indigestion Why? Why? Because I have indoctrinated the youth Yhey're mentally intoxicated with truth So they know the noise you talk are lies Pretty damn soon they'll be by (I'm outta here) They listen to me and i give'em the real And every night caps get peeled And every night a ho gets smacked A fool gets jacked Now, whose fuckin' fault was that? The home invaders... Yo! Yo! Yo! All that shit you taught me, mom, was full of shit! Know what I'm sayin'? How the fuck you gonna tell me to run my motherfuckin' life? Bitch! You dont even know who the fuck you are! You talkin' about you don't like rap, you don't like how I dress! Yo! Fuck you and pops! I'm outta here! Both of y'all can kiss my ass... All cops want me, so does the F.B.I. Because my rhymes are fly They still tryin' to stop m,e shut me down block me Make motherfuckas boycott me But that will never happen, it's impossible I move straight through all obstacles They say I'm fuckin' up the minds of little kids But half of my fans are in college P.M.R.C. suck my dick, please You can kiss my ass while you're on your knees Word! You're listening to the verbal assassinator E's the crossfader, your factual updater Until your cranium grows like uranium Hard as titanium, parents, I'm blamin'em For teachin' you lies about life, racist viewpoints  And other trite bullshit they learned back in the day While I learned about death from an A.K. But they'll never quite understand Bam, bam, bam, no gat is the Walkman Boom, bash, yeah, yo, it's goin' down Me and Ice Cube are in town But the fuckin' pigs cancelled the concert They're just scared of some niggers that do work What they do? What did I do? Just say truth motherfucka and it's comin' through I tell you what we did: we stole your fuckin' kids The home invader... All right! we got the motherfuckin' kids! We outta here! C'mon... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Home Invasion Song: G Style Intro: Yeah! Right about now motherfuckers is layin for a nigga like me Ice-T to bust some freestyle shit... but I don't do that I just cold lounge up here at the Ammo Dump with my nigga Alladdin, SLJ, LP and my nigga Henry G Yeah, we do the shit like this Verse One: The card after the ace is deuce So cut the nigga loose on the 3 That's me The motherfuckin T I got ride on my surfboard Rhyme hard But only buy the shit that I can't afford That's everything That's why I truck big fat rings Cause in the motherland gold is for kings I got backup To jack up Punks who try to act up Do a world tour Watch the big bank stack up Motherfuckers get dropped with the quickness I got an ill left and a right fist Make mistakes and you'll lose Or you might die Cause I'm the wrong Ice for your bruise And that's no lie Meanwhile the penile is stacked to the top with my niggaz Mostly for squeezin triggas I call em homies Pigs call em crooks So I write and put bucks on they books I give a fuck about a cop or a G-man They all talk shit Their breath smellin like semen I catch em in the alley all alone Put em in the prone Pop! Pop! Pop! To the dome Chorus: It's the G-style Gangsta style Verse 2: G Style, The gangsta talk I got a teflon .9 And it eats vest I take a motherfucker out quick Just for talkin shit Ride Rolls Catch hoes like a mitt LA, Atlanta, New York Yo, my shit rocks Chi-town, Miami, Detroit I get much props Because I roll with the hardcore G Every street's the same street to me I don't bullshit I don't quit Writin a rhyme fit KKK pray each day That I get hit Motherfuckers try to flip on the Icepick Move and slip Close the eyes and catch a fuckin clip Not in the ghetto no more But I do hang Got a black game And it's sittin on them thangs I kick the game from the street Not the slamma Tighten up my knockas with a big lead hammer Chorus Verse Three: Some of the times I write my raps with extreme speed Some of the times I take the pen and make pads bleed My mind clicks to Homocide Bullets fly Ladies cry A lot of people die Some nights I can't right Stare at the blue lines I think I'm a go blind Then the beat becomes me Sit in the dark And write a whole fuckin LP G Style, the gangsta talk Never near soft Hard as a knockout bout It's no sellout I keep crime in my rhyme Cause it's my thing Packed with guns And drugs And lots of street slang A-B-C-D-E-F, and LAPD Words from a motherfuckin OG Ammo Dump pumps the sounds that you bump in your trunk So turn it up punk What'cha fraid of? What'cha made of? Pull the pin Set the grenade off Blastin sounds out ya jeep On every city street, nigga Straight gangsta beat Chorus Verse Four: Many like to dress the style, and act hardcore Many motherfuckers are and they crack jaws I like to lay in the cut In a nightclub Don't smoke bud Drink suds But I gets loved, mack, cool I scope the freak with the mad backs Hit her with the gangsta style Cool, relaxed, bam Put her in the Benz Bump Too $hort, let her know Right off the top, what's my sport You think long You think wrong You got it goin on, baby doll? But I won't sing you no love song You either love me Or you don't You're either rollin tonight Or you won't She likes the style Cause it don't bullshit around Tounge in my ear, real slow And then it went down I gotta flip into a ill mode Pack a clip full of hype tracks And then unload Music for the hardcore beatdown No weak pop shit Strictly underground And if you don't like the style, as I get wreck Ease back nigga, catch a knife through the neck Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Home Invasion Song: Addicted to Danger Typed by: WakMasterA@aol.com "Yo whats up man? Yeah I gotta trunk fulla this shit Word, broads still with me man, comin over to grapevine right now Yo I can't talk right now man, I gotta get off this phone" Damn, how'd I get into this scam Roll in a car with the trunk worth 5000 grand I came up from the curb, word First thing it rocks, now my ride's packin crazy birds I gotta freak in the front seat She got crazy game, might even have more than me And thats why I don't trust, I ain't no busta One wrong move and I'll dust her But she knows that, keeps a gat Works much plastic, always stays on phat She said she loves me Looks deep in my eyes, sometimes cries, all lies She only loves my cash flow, long dough The falso love of a pimp and a hoe But me and her gotta job to do Get this luggage back to the crew She got scanner, I hadta listen to the pigs talk And if they speakin about us then its jumpin off But I ain't sweatin them at all 2 cops'll roll up and 2 cops'll fall The lines on the highway, I'm makin my mind drift away To my last jail stay 5 years for a 459 I'm never goin back, no matter what the crime Surrenderin ain't me Fuck that, I'm holdin court in the street G For a nigga like me there ain't no ounce My life filled with drug busts and shoot outs Pure ghetto anger, pure ghetto anger Pure ghetto anger, I'm addicted to danger Some nights I crash clubs Rollin with the posse made of well-known thugs Cool out with the freaks Truckin much jewels, beggin for beef Thens some niggaz roll up Lookin for a way to pump the reps up But I ain't the one I'm handin out beat downs, no need for guns Sometimes I gotta ask myself Is all this buck whylin good for a niggaz health? I don't know why Am I suicidal, do I wanna die? The answerin, simple A headache throbs in my temple It says it ain't fair, it says it ain't right It says its goin down tonight We finally made it to the drop spot King and Weston Ave, snoody fox The posse was there, but it ain't right Fuckin police lights Its all goin down that road blocks I never seen that many cops It was a setup, my whole damn crew's gettin wet up Big time, some motherfucker dropped a dime But even in the flurry of gun shots My adrenaline was boilin hot I crash down on the floor of the ride Punch the gas, drove that benz through they punk ass Hit Vernor doin 90 Looked in the rear-view, no one behind me I got on the phone Called up the homies to see what went wrong But no time to sweat that I still gotta trunk fulla shit, I was on phat I just need a cool place to hide Dumped the benzo, slammed the G ride Me and a freak hit a motel crash spot The streets was hot Rubbed me down, said she adored me Said the gunfire made her horny The she pushed me back on the bed Licked me head to toe, toe to head Then I closed my eyes real slowly Is this love? No not me Then I felt a pain in my chest The smell of gun powder and burnt flesh I looked in her face, opened my mouth And then her badge came out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album:  Home Invasion Song:   Question and Answer Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Ice-T] Question and answer: What is a rapper doing when he starts out hardcore But can't sell enough records to remain in the record business? Answer: He goes Pop! This answer is not set up to dis anybody who starts out Pop But for the rappers who started out hardcore And now making weak ass Dance Music Cause they couldn't stay down with the hardcore I just got a question for you; How does it feel to wake up every morning And look in the mirror and realize that you're a fucking whore? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Home Invasion Song: Watch the Ice Break Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch It's goin down From the Ammo Dump I got my nigga SLJ and DJ Aladdin Droppin the fat tracks Hit em with it Syndicate's in the muthafuckin house All duck MC's get flat, muthfuckas Yeah 1993 And it's still me A rappin brother from L.A., the cool T Diss a brother, hate a brother, I still come back With the fat tracks, fuck the pop crap I got a mind to cold diss a fool Wack rappers sellin out urge me to pull tools For no reason Pop suckers hookin for hits like hoes skeezin Prostitutes that can't shoot, yet you clock loot Dancesteps with the weak styles, but you look cute Bitch, that shit's wack Let Hammer dance, and you other fools ease back The microphone in some twist in a clenched fist Mind locked on ???? load of my hit list And make duck rappers pray Many talk shit, but none step this way Cause I'm quick to beat down a weak clown Clock crazy juice from L.A. to the Boogie Down I play the whole map Got hoes locked like a muthafuckin bear trap Ice muthafuckin T Before hoes gee they need two forms of I.D. Never fess, not the best, but I'm hard to shake Huh, watch the Ice break Watch the Ice break Yo, let's see now who's tryin to diss me Say I sold out cause I rocked with the B.C. Y'all are bitches, you're straight wack Quick to talk shit, but always behind the back I do whatever I wanna do, punk hoe I rock a perm, you rock an afro I wear khakis, while y'all wear silk Y'all drink forties, and I drink milk Cause that's my muthafuckin biz I never sell out, cause it's no sale, kid Hardcore to my heart from the fuckin start Whether done over beats or loud guitars I drop the dope hits Case you forgot, I invented this gangsta shit You wanna step to me? New jack, walk Come back in five LP's, then we can talk You're just new, kid, you got a hit out In interviews you talk a lotta shit out You got paid, you really made out You went broke when your one jam played out Now you're searchin for that one more hit Shhhiiit I ain't new to this, I got gangs of gold I come original, then I break the mold Too many MC's hit, then fold They're just fakes Hah, watch the Ice break Watch the Ice break Yeah Syndicate jumpin off 1993 On some old fly smooth shit All the muthfuckas out there down with us You know what I'm sayin? We're rollin strong All the busters out there that got some static to say We're settin this shit off physically this year Like KRS-One says: Sucker MC's duck down Muthafuckas ain't takin no shit I'm swingin on busters, point-blank Diss me and it's on Straight up Now it's the break of dawn And the mic is still on All hoes are fuckin and the rhymes are damn strong Many MC's that choke from the mic smoke Those who tried to get with me Lost in rhyme infinity Or they lost breath Try to step to the Ice equals sure death Cause ??it's then I begin?? than you ever assume Drop the mic, go rap in your living room I love the quick kill Swing on a nigga sometimes just to break ill Knuckle up, buster, fool, in his fuckin eye All hands, I need no gun, yo punk, why? Cause if I pull my gun, you die No second try I gotta cool out now, so I don't over-freeze Nut up and start murderin MC's Start catchin bodies from state to state Throw on a ski mask and walk the streets late And do me up a whole damn crew The Geto Boys was trippin, but my mind's trickin me too Cause diss me, and I meet you one day And bet your life it won't be a fun day I hope, nigga, it's not your fate That you're around when the Ice breaks When the Ice breaks The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Home Invasion Song: Race War Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Yeah Yeah Check this out: now I'm black But black people trip Cause white people like me White people like me But don't like them What's the fuck up Are you my friend? Hell no, you're a racist You say you got one black friend, so you're in Sorry homie, no win Check the facts Mexicans are still gettin pushed to the back Puerto-Ricans gettin dissed the same Won't speak on the Indians, shit's insane Fuck John Wayne I don't hate whites I just got a death wish for muthafuckas that ain't right You got black skin Still you gotta show and prove, friend Back to the facts What about Australia? A fuckin failure The Aboriginal people are black So they got jacked You ask me about free speech and the Riots? So what's in store? I'm talkin bout a race war (Get yourself together) (Upen your eyes Get wise) (Put your brain in gear) Race war People gettin killed in the street Blood on your feet, the ends don't meet And who they gonna blame it on, me? Try the media Try the P.D. Try your TV Try your quest for wealth Anybody but yourself But once the bullets start flyin People start dyin It's all because we're lyin History books that teach hate A kid has no escape From the racist fate And pretty soon South Africa Will stop chillin And start killin Race war (8X) Every night I pray That people get this shit together one day But this country ain't with it America was founded on that racist shit I judge the devil by his deeds It's usually connected to the size of his greed And keep the hope Even though they'd love to give a nigga like me the rope And when this shit hits There's gonna be a lotta white kids rollin with the Africans You can't sweat skin Cause ??? a lot of blacks is down with the Republicans This shit don't have to happen That's why a brother like me's still rappin Just treat each other right Either that, or you're lookin for a sure fight Fuck the police We already know they ain't about no fuckin peace You wanna know what I think's in store? Justice or a race war (Get yourself together) (Upen your eyes Get wise) Race war (Get yourself together) (Upen your eyes Get wise) (Put your brain in gear) Race war (Get yourself together) (Upen your eyes Get wise) (Put your brain in gear) Race war (Get yourself together) (Upen your eyes Get wise) (Put your brain in gear) Korean people live down in the hood A little mis-fuckin-understood Orientals were slaves too Word to this fuckin red white and blue People from Iran ain't never did shit to us So why the distrust? The system wanna keep us at each other's throats While we're payin the tax notes Cause bein black ain't no fuckin minority It's the fuckin majority So they gotta make us hate each other Word, check the brothers Mexicans - black Jamaicans - black Iranians - black Indians - black Hawaiians - black Puerto-Ricans - black Eskimos - black South-Americans - black Orientals - black Yeah, that's right The Klan says everything's black that ain't white So we gotta get our facts straight Cause the shit they teach in school is pure hate Sometimes I don't know for sure If somebody want a race war (Get yourself together) (Upen your eyes Get wise) Race war (Get yourself together) (Upen your eyes Get wise) (Put your brain in gear) Race war (Get yourself together) (Upen your eyes Get wise) (Put your brain in gear) Race war (Get yourself together) (Upen your eyes Get wise) (Put your brain in gear) Who wants a race war? ( *quotes repeated until end* ) We're gonna lose The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Home Invasion Song: That's How I'm Livin I was born in new jersey, I said it before But I guess nobody heard me My mother died young No sistas or brothas, I was the only son When I was twelve my pops died too What a brotha was supposed to do? They sent me out West To live with my aunt I guess they though it was the best But there was no love there Growin' with no moms  I guess I was prepared to live in a vacuum The bedroom the kitchen, the hall and the bathroom I didn't leave home much, didn't like L.A. Didn't have no friends to trust Got busted to a school Blacks and whites, I guess the shit was cool But in highschool I changed Didn't wanna bust, didn't wanna play the game I walked to Crenshaw high, shit was fly I hooked up with new cru Some brothas that knew what the fuck to do You might call it gang but we called it a set And it was our own thang The whole school was down And one way or another everybody fucked around When the hardcore or not you wore the right color or your ass got shot That's how i'm livin'... I did three years in and made close friends Havin' no love my homies came my only I was glad: a family I never had But I grew up fast got a girl on 10th grade pregnant Needin' cash, I had to change my style Switched from bangin' to hustlin' No more goin' buckwild Had to get a cashflow But my hustle was weak, it was a no go I join the army, four years in that shit Be all fucked you can be Came back to the hood My homies had done good Had elevated their game About 100 gees a lick, no mothafuckin' shame Passed for the jewels Baby sledgehammers with the tools I speak on this with a hesitation Even though it passed the statue of limitation... I checked the bank Bought a porsche and gear, earn high streetrank But as I grew my whole crew fell thru Cops had us on the books as innerstate crooks Murder robbery rape escape, the whole damn nine You robbed a nigga blind I had too much juice, I cut my boosters loose I was intread with the pimpgame Took on the ice-name But the pimpgame moved too slow Especially for a nigga who was hooked on quick dough In one nite late I was in a carwreck And I was lucky to escape Hospital for teen weeks, in bed almost dead And when I got well, I got gaught in a cross And got locked in a jailcell That's how I'm livin'... They cutted me loose And I had to change troops This time they didn't catch me Next time they'll strecth me Cause my time was gettin' short All my homies was in court Or locked in a hole, this shit was gettin' old So I changed my life Putted down the gun and picked up the mic It took ten years to get from there to here But I still keep a gun, cops got me on the run And they hate me more now Than they ever did before My homies came back from pen And we all worked together  True friends but every once and while Some punk mistakes me as a junk And he gets in my face Wrong mothafuckin' place And I aint lyin', that's how you dyin'... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Home Invasion Song: I Ain't New Ta This Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Come on Come on [ VERSE 1 ] Do this, ugh, come on, come on Time to get wreck and kick the so on and so on The I-c-e-T  O.G. M.C.  L.A.P.D.  H-a-t-e- s (Ho!) Watch the mic blow I flip scripts, and the Dump drops the Ammo Time to get wreck with the new style It's '93 and MC's are gettin buck wild But I - ain't a - nigga That's gonna get left with a big zero as a figure I'm gonna end up with a big sum Cause if you don't like one jam, I always got another one Different, specifically I don't copy Tear up the track if the flow sounds sloppy I don't play one game I bust about a dozen cuts on my lp's, none the same [ CHORUS ] 	I ain't new to this 	I ain't new to this 	Never been 	New to this 	Nigga 	New to this 	I ain't new to this 	Fool 	New to this 	Fuck around and catch a left and a right fist [ VERSE 2 ] Boom bam, I drop fat slang When I used to hustle, used to be down with the crack game When I was young, I used to roll with a street gang If you wanna squabble, muthafucka, it ain't no thang I ain't new to this, I ain't new to this Blow your dome, I hit quick as a pugilist Ugh, ah, what's up? Now your eyes swoll' Thought I went soft, cause my records went gold (Sucker) Buster, you'se a - muthafuckin punk fool Caught you in your eye while you reached for your tool Now it's mine, and you're blind Pop-pop-pop-pop-pop goes the nine Yeah. what you're dissin bout, friend? Sayin I went out, but you ain't never been in I got r-e-s-p-e-c-t in the industry That's somethin that you'll never see [ CHORUS ] 	(They can get a smack for that) --> Flavor Flav 	(Yeah-yeah) [ VERSE 3 ] On and on to the funk track Back glass shakin like shit, that's where the trunk's at That's cause my shit's - made for Niggas that are hardcore Brothers is quick to hook a left to your right jaw Girls, come on, girls, come on, girls, come on Get your clothes off and the fun on Girls, come on, girls, come on, girls, come on Get your clothes off and the fun on It's time to check cash Jump in my 4, hit the switch and lay the ass While the Klan try to kill me But I wrote 'riot' on my muthafuckin will, gee So when I'm gone, it's on Caps goin off on the streets like popcorn Talkin bout Simon till the early morn' Word is bond But now I just cool Bumpin my Gang Starr tape by my pool I ain't new to this [ CHORUS ] [ VERSE 4 ] Check, check, I got problems with the press Caught the punk in traffic, stabbed the sucker in his neck (Ugh) Punk reporter tried to diss me (Ugh) Now the muthafucka's history (Ha) I got to make a break hardcore fat tape Word, I don't fantasize, I don't exaggerate Just kick correct with the 1-2 mic check Still quick to swing, take a sucker to the deck I'm not the nigga you should step to like a sucker Walk up talkin shit, you best to be a good ducker Your posse best to run from my gun Keep my nine off safety, and E holds the other one (Yeah, sucker) [ CHORUS ] 	(They can get a smack for that) 	And you don't stop 	Fuck, fuck around and get your punk ass dropped 	Yeah 	Ice-T 	'93 for the underground 	I ain't new ta this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Evil-E the Great Album: Home Invasion Song: Pimp Behind the Wheels Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Ice-T Talking] Yo, shut up this is Ice motherfuckin' T and I've been listenin' to a lot of DJ's get on the Mic and try to get busy you know what I'm sayin'? But can't no DJ get rap like my motherfuckin' nigga Evil-E So right about now I'm give you the motherfuckin' microphone I'ma get behind the wheels, and we gonna do this yo Evil, tell where the fuck it's comin' from [Verse 1: Evil-E] It's comin' from the mouth of the pimp behind the wheels I make the bitch kneel, Evil E the Great steel Shows, hoes, junior pimp, sweat out punk So I can give your bitch, the Evil-E junk I love your honey if she listen up, listen clear after the show Yo, hoe hit the wheel "yeah" backstage, pad lipstick, tattooed on the right tip My hope to get lit, grap that ass and hit "hit" hard move and more security would be knockin' while Evil E's rockin', Charlie Jam is gyratin' I'm a fuckin' mack that comes up, by playin' them back ask my nigga, I be Shawnie, Shawnie, Shawnie mack... E cuts the records and the yellow nigga gets loose E cuts the records and the yellow nigga gets loose [Ice-T] yo E, tell them who the fuck you are [Evil-E] yeah nigga I'm the pimp behind the wheels [Ice-T] Yo, man I don't think they heard you man I don't think fuck they heard you man [Evil-E] aiy bitch, I'm the pimp behind the wheels [Ice-T] you pimp behind the wheels right, the pimp behind the wheels [Evil-E] That's right I'm the pimp behind the wheels [Ice-T] well jump off [Evil-E] yo, check this motherfuckin' shit out [Verse 2: Evil-E] Standin' with no quitter a fuckin' baby sitter quick to get with her and have bitches that's bitter "yeah" I'm all that, fuck you if you don't think so Take your mamms, make that bitch my main hoe 'Hah" Let's go, let's go, let's go, showtime blow the Syndicate's sock when my nigga kicked the dope "yeah" rhyme that ass, yep that's what I'm peepin' Niggaz never sleep on Evil E, I'll deep in some ass make you fatal, yo that's pimpin' new city, no tittie, Evil-E be never be slippin' "yeah" Down with the Syndicate rippin' shit up back wheel my yellow nigga Ice And I'm the pimp behind the wheels... [E cuts the records and the yellow nigga gets loose [E cuts the records and the yellow nigga gets loose [Ice-T] yo, jump off E, get busy dude [Evil-E] that's right, I'm the pimp behind the wheels [Ice-T] I don't think they hear you nigga, I don't think they hear you [Evil-E] yeah nigga, I'm the pimp behind the wheels [Ice-T] motherfuckin' pimp behind the wheels, yeah [Evil-E] that's right, I'm the pimp behind the wheels yo Ice, break it down like this E cuts the records and the yellow nigga gets loose E cuts the records and the yellow nigga gets loose [Break: Evil-E Talking] yeeeeeeeeeeah nigga Yo P, cut that shit up properly y'all never seen a MC cut shit up right a fuckin' nigga, but check this shit out [Verse 3: Evil-E] Evil-E the nigga that always gives a fuck about gettin' sucked, clockin' crazy bucks fuck your fine hazes, all it takes is a second "second" Syndicate weapon Evil-E and I'm kickin' in the back while supplyin' the sounds on stage Cops enrage that's why we always on the front page rippin' shit up, me and my yellow nigga The mic is the gat and the wheels is the trigger Grap the haze known every city that I rip "rip" got crazy Dollars cause I always keep a grip "grip" get down with the Syndicate rippin' shit up back wheel my yellow nigga Ice "who are you" And I'm the pimp behind the wheels.... E cuts the records and the yellow nigga gets loose E cuts the records and the yellow nigga gets loose [Ice-T] niggaz don't know man, niggaz don't know [Evil-E] yeah nigga, I'm the pimp behind the wheels [Ice-T] niggaz can't hear you motherfucker [Evil-E] yeah, the pimp behind the wheels [Ice-T] niggaz don't understand the level of this game baby [Evil-E] Ice is down with the pimp behind the wheels [Ice-T] niggaz, niggaz can't deal with this shit [Evil-E] an untouchable with the pimp behind the wheels [Ice-T] awww yeah [Evil-E] LP's with the pimp behind the wheels Bodycount is with the pimp behind the wheels The Syndicate is with the pimp behind the wheels Hen-Gee is the pimp behind the wheels [Ice-T] pimp behind the wheels, yeah [Evil-E] That's right motherfucker, 1993's style Home Invasion dedicating this shit to all the DJ's in all the motherfuckin' world [Ice-T: this shit fly E [Evil-E: and peace to all MC's in the world my nigga Ice on the wheels of steel, you know what I'm sayin' total haze knows I whip nationwide [Ice-T] shit makes you wanna hold your nuts [Evil-E] you know what I'm sayin, and I'm outta this motherfucker [Ice-T] Shits kinda fly, pimp shit, Evil-E style All the virgins thanks for nothing, look I got this DJ here E yeah, that's for all the DJ's out there, y'all can suck my dick too, twice [Evil-E] I'mthe pimp behind the wheels I'm dedicatin' this record to all the DJ's in the entire motherfuckin' world that's down with the Evil-E and my yellow nigga [Ice-T] that's me hoe [Evil-E] Peace to all the MC's in the house peace to all the haze nose all over the world let's get the fuck outta here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Home Invasion Song: Gotta Lotta Love Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ VERSE 1 ] Woke up the other mornin, I heard a rumor They said the gang wars was over I told em they was bullshittin, they said it's real as hell Can't explain the way I felt Too many years I seen my brothers die And I can't say that shit was really that fly But I used to gangbang when I was younger So it's really hard to tell a kid that he's goin under I never thought I lived to see us chill Crips and Bloods holdin hands, the shit is ill But I love it, I can't help it Too much death on the streets, and we dealt it Van Ness Boys, The Hoovers, The 60s Bounty Hunters, 8-Treys, all coolin out, gee I pray the shit'll never stop You used to see the wrong colors, and the gats went pop-pop But now the kids got a chance to live And the O.G.'s got something to give That's love, black on black, that's how they made it And if any busters flip, they get faded L.A. is where I'm speakin of Peace to all the gangsters, cause I got a lotta love [ VERSE 2 ] I got a lotta love, cause you're all my brothers Red or blue, black's the color We got a chance, so we can really sweat the real fools Show those muthafuckas the real tools Check the enemy, it ain't the family Not 1-11, try L.A.P.D. They gotta understand, they beat on a blackman There's gonna be drama, know what I'm sayin? And if we flip, let's all flip together Cause I'm prepared, kid, for rough weather And we gotta realize, the boys on the east side You call em S-A's, I call em allies Because the day that we all unite Watch the pigs get real polite Punk muthafuckas gotta learn quick That we ain't takin no more shit L.A. is where I'm speakin of Peace to all the gangsters, cause I got a lotta love [ VERSE 3 ] Crenshaw Boulevard, Sunday afternoon Folks sittin on things, mad systems boom The girls are lookin better The gang truce is on, so you wear whatever At Venice by the ocean Rag-top Trey hits the three-wheel motion There's gangsters all around Still crazy sets, but you just don't clown I pray L.A. can stay this way It's the first summer I can really say I felt cool, we all chilled Went to the park, and nobody got killed Now if you got a problem, it's man on man You don't need a gang to solve em I seen the greatest thing I seen in my life Two brothers in a straight up fist fight Nobody pulled a gat, nobody jumped in Nobody pulled a knife, nobody got done in L.A. is where I'm speakin of Peace to my city, cause I got a lotta love [ VERSE 4 ] G-a-t-e-s, I hope you wear a vest Even after you're out the fuckin office Cause we're on a totally different tip Fuck that pig brutality shit This unity is gettin to me Every brother on the street is my homie I'm rollin through a hood that I never been And every brother steps to me as a friend I love it, I love it And nothin in my life will ever be above it We wanna see our kids all grown up We're tired of seein our hoods get blown up L.A. is a great place Fly girls, dope cars, life at a fast pace But gangbanging was killin it quick Another child got hit - bullshit Pop-pop-pop, 10 on a weekend We was goin off to deep end But now we got a chance, my friend To mend, and make the colors blend Let's all go out on a picnic, kick shit And squash all the static Last year I lost about five homies This shit is real to me L.A. is where I'm speakin of Peace to all the gangsters, cause I got a lotta love Yo This is goin out to all the gangbangers All over South Central Watts Inglewood All over L.A., basically East L.A. Youknowmsayin? It's basically goin down Peace to all the Crips and the Bloods Van Ness Boys Hoovers Rollin 60s 83's Bounty Hunters Yeah And the Jungle This is goin out to all the brothers over there in Watts You know what I'm sayin? Throwin it up Grape Street Nutty Blocc Front Hood And all them niggas out there in Compton Rollin 30s Harlem Ah yeah Pueblos Nickerson G's Peace Inglewood Family 18th Street South Loc And all the S-A homeboys All the different sets Every set, Crip, Blood What doesn't matter to me Cause I gotta love You know what I'm sayin? Hope the truce never ends Youknowsayin? We can do this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Shawnie Shawn Album: Home Invasion Song: Hit the Fan Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ Shawnie Shawn ] Yo, what's goin on Ice? [ Ice-T ] Yo what's up Shawnie Shawn? Man, just trippin off this girl, man [ Shawnie Shawn ] Girls? You? The Iceberg? Aw man, come on, spill it, man She was a swinger Talkin 'bout high post She was the most Knew she was fine, dope, fly She didn't have to try She brought a eye on my eye in a crowded club I tried to stare the girl down, but she didn't budge She moved through the crowd in a straight line The closer she got, mad thoughts ran through my mind Yo, what would I say, yo, how would I chill? My mind drew a blank, the whole scene was ill She stepped in the light, she was dynamite Her eyes said, "I wanna be with you all night I wanna rub you down, I wanna kiss, caress your soul Make your body warm and cold Do everything sexually you ever heard" And she hadn't said a single word.. I said, "Damn, what the hell am I gonna do?" But my eyes said the same things too I tried to speak, she put a finger across my lips Followed it with a kiss She said, "I want you bad," and she moved in next to me This woman spelled out ecstacy Said, "I've seen on the movies and TV I love your records, but I ain't no groupie Just wanna love ya, cause you're a real man And you deserve this lovin like only I can" I wanted her bad, and I am a man That night the shit hit the fan [ Shawnie Shawn ] Damn, man Keep on with it, man Come on now kick it, man You gotta kick it right, though Let me know what's up She had a 500 S-E-L airtight Cellular phone, brand-new, it was white on white As we walked to the car, I couldn't help but recognize Her small waist and sexy thighs She had a beach house she owned and a restaurant Took me in her crib and put Sade on As the waves hit the rocks in the moonlight She came up behind me and squeezed me real tight My mind started to trip, flip, roll, and roam What about my girl who's at sleep at home? But before I could lock in on that thought She broke out with a new men's watch that she had bought She put it round my wrist, it was a perfect fit And said in my ear, "Want you to have it" Then she unzipped her dress, dropped it to the ground My mind was totally blown by now She gazed at me nude in the moonlight Pumps still on, her body was firm and tight I looked at her breasts as they glistened and rised Right before my eyes And all I could say to myself was, "Damn.." The night the shit hit the fan [ Shawnie Shawn ] Man, man, man I understand... (The night the shit hit the fan) Come on now I feel it Come on (The night the shit hit the fan) Damn, man It's all that Shit Come on, Ice Kick that shit Now I'm a player, I been all around the world Made love to many girls But tonight this was the big league And I was worryin about fatigue I wanna do this girl, so she won't forget me And I knew that she'd let me She moved close and took my shirt off She said my skin was soft Then slipped her hand Between my stomach and my waist band Man, I couldn't take it no more Fuck the bedroom, we use the kitchen floor We hit skins all weekend We didn't even eat, we just hit em again I love to think about how it went down But she's no longer around Left town with some fly guy She's on some island drinkin D'Acqueray's and Mai Thai's But she gave me the keys to the beach house She knows what I'm about, at least now she figured out I ain't nothin but a straight up man And I might need those keys the next time the shit hits the fan Yeah Uh! Yeah Uh.. Yeah Uh I want her [ Shawnie Shawn ] Damn All that, all that And after all that You know? You always know, man In the long run You meet another one like the other one The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Daddy Nitro Album: Home Invasion/Trespass Soundtrack Song: Depths of Hell Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Daddy Nitro] Now hear dis! All bad man what dey a know The original bad man dey a know, seen? Daddy Nitro, an' Ice-T dey 'pon ? man Come talk wit reality An' any guy who nah like dey got shot in ? face No Ice-T, come talk wit reality star Tell dem bout da endin of da world today.. COME! [Ice-T] I got a attitude as thick as a convict's Bomb ticks, my heart beats as I rhyme over hard shit Watch this, the nigga that you didn't think could do break through with the rhythm that'll rock your whole crew Thought you knew; I ain't no punk or no pooh-butt Step to me, the cops are still diggin niggaz up What's up? What's up? What's up? You wanna try your luck You move you weave you bob you got stuck And now you're trippin with your fuckin brain You never seen so much blood pour through one vein You try to scream, you choke You try to run, your legs are broke You're bulletproof I hope.. Yo, I ain't no nigga to flex, but I will flip Fuck up a nigga and dropkick his fuckin bitch I love to squabble and I'm good widdit So if you want some nigga come get it I ain't trippin nigga trippin at all Yo, I'm fuckin walkin over weak rapper's downfalls It ain't my fault they fell, it ain't my fault I sell I pull my ass up from the depths of hell [Daddy Nitro] Lawd! Jib-bibbidy-bong, jib-bibbidy-be-bong-ska-dang Daddy Nitro an' Ice-T come wid a different some-thang Comin out de ghetto tings are wild like pure 'ell Nuff man get ? in my firebomb sale Some a sell coke but the music we a sell We no inna doubt, we don't want no ambulance bell While other lyrics are full of our style we fill up our clientele Ice-T an' Nitro from the, depths of 'ell, COME! [Ice-T] You punks are jealous cause I'm rollin in fly shit My shit, all paid for and I don't owe no guy shit Fuck you, it ain't my fault your ass is on empty Thought you was it, but you're smooth gettin pimped G.. .. I ain't no hoe fool Got much respect for the new and the old school But many rappers can rip mics but can't count.. .. zero bank amounts Word and many critics are hot cause hard rap hits They like to make it all soft that we pop shit Fuck that, I'll die before I let the hardcore go Cause I'm a nigga from the G-H-E-T-T-O I got a posse who's airtight, quick to fight And got the power to continue or end the night And if you stepped on wrong, then you're a done kid The yellow tape's in the club because one did I got no pity so don't ask me for fuckin any I'll break a bum off but you niggaz can't get a penny When I was broke, I stole my gold, I pawned I lived the life of a hustler off and on I'm just a brother that lived to tell I brought my ass up from the depths of hell [Daddy Nitro] Come! In a de ghetto tings are wild round de clock Some man a smoke crack and soem man a fire shot Me tell de people dem laws, that we no inna dat If a guy try dat thing we get them sixteen shotta It's a lovely night ?? ?? off de chatta Easy Ice-T make them no say you a mark-a Anyway we go on I bet a no say we stop wit lyrics and de music and right on de ? EASE UP and come again my selector All over de world is only for pain an' sufferin That's why Ice-T and Daddy Nitro come wit the reality thing Nice this everytime star Man like Ice-T 'pon the ?? man Come in star, one last time and teach dem bout reality Now watch dis, COME! [Ice-T] I met this girl who act like I owed her somethin Nothin, all I owed her was some good steady fuckin Fuck that, not the one that's gonna fall on no hoe trap Ease back bitch, before you need all your teeth back.. .. I ain't no fuckin mark Made all my money workin bowcutters in the dark Snatch bars and cars and vice grips Long handled sledgehammers, saws and wire snips I got an ill side that drips from my brain at times It still thinks of the psycho and brutal crimes I still remember when I had a low cash flow No hoes, no cars, no gear no dough And times got wicked.. .. I even remember havin to sell all my pawn tickets But suckers spread out and they left me with few friends But that's who wit me as we fuck up the true ends So don't be trippin if your luck's gone bad, be glad It'll empty out the fake fuckin friends you had Then get yourself together, nigga aim straight Shoot point blank at your goals, work hard and wait You can do it even if you fell I brought my ass back from the depths of hell [Daddy Nitro] Cause we are serious, en-ter-tain-ers Talk about de Ice-T, he no joker Cause we are serious, en-ter-tain-ers Talk about de Daddy Nitro me no joker Me come and pull up my lyrics and full up my style and full up our lingual As me sit upon de riddim I'ma sit on proper As me flow upon de riddim like a rockin of de gong Me sit upon de riddim like a true ?? Man no listen Daddy Nitro like a fierce ?? Me flow upon de mic from a ?? area Pam pamma, original chat masta Me pam pamma, original chat masta Me pam pamma, me come fi set fi dance pon fiyah An' if it's on, well you must fi chant up hiyah Me say dis a Daddy Nitro steppin ?? ?? Come down, no try to diss and no dismiss de kid As me sit upon de riddim wit de man Ice-T All of de massive up here listen to me Respect me come from inner New York Ci-ty Die gon test me, man go dead and buried, COME! Ease up man, FIYAH Wicked every time.. woy! Woy! Woy! Woy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Brother Marquis Album: Home Invasion Song: 99 Problems Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice-T] Yeah, last year a lot of motherfuckers asked me why I didn't do no old sex nasty shit But this year I went down to Miami and got my nigga from 2 Live Brother Marquis in the house! (Yeah I'm the motherfuckin nigga) Yeah, we gonna answer the question about girl problems All these niggaz is havin girl problem, Marq (Huh, tell them man, tell them how it is) Lemme tell you what time is it... I got a ho from the East, got a ho from the West Got a ho that likes to jack it off and rub it in her chest I got a ho from the North, a ho from the South A ho that likes to suck it long and hold it in her mouth I got a bitch with hair, a bitch with none A bitch with a knife, a bitch with a gun A bitch with a ass big as a TV set And there's a bitch over there; hey, the one I'm gonna get But yo but maybe not, she might not like me though No sweat to a vet; I'll slam a sista though, word Ice in the whole damn herd I fuck 'em all and leave 'em on the curve I got a bitch with a mink, who rocks a fat gold link who likes to fuck me with her ass up on the kitchen sink Got a bitch with tits, a bitch with ass A bitch with none, but hey I give her a pass And I love 'em all, I love 'em crazily And they love me back - that's why they stay with me So if you havin girl problems, I'll be there for you son Got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one - hit it... Nah a bitch ain't one [Ice-T]  I got a bitch that's old, a bitch that's new A bitch who love velvet in the colors blue I got a bitch who's fat, a bitch who's built A bitch who all her titties give out powdered milk I got a bitch who's funny, a bitch who ain't A bitch who can sing, a bitch who cain't  A bitch who loves fuckin on a airplane..  I even got a bitch off +Soul Train+  I got a bitch who rolls a rag-top Benz.. Long ends  I got a bitch who's broke as a bum.. But she's the most fun I got a bitch who play piano, a bitch who don't  A bitch who dances naked, a bitch who won't A bitch who's short, a bitch who's tall A bitch who burns my pager with priority calls And I love 'em all, I love 'em crazily And they love me back - that's why they stay with me So if you havin girl problems, I'll be there for you son Got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one - hit me Yo Marquis - you from Miami man why don't you show these motherfuckers all the over the world; the 2 Live style of how the bitches treat a motherfuckin fly nigga like you [Brother Marquis]  I got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one of them I don't trip on hos, cause I don't need none of them Pussy's the temptation, dick's the persuasion All hos suck cock nigga how you play 'em? That's why I don't sleep on 'em, I just freak on 'em Stick dick in they mouth; take it out and I skeet on 'em The nigga the one-nighter, the bitch exciter I only love my hos when I'm goin up inside her Problem number one is gettin money I'd rather taste the green than sip the honey  So don't expect nuttin cause I ain't offerin I go hard on my bitches, cause I'm never never softenin Puttin the demand on 'em, fuck 'em and scram on 'em The "wham, bam, thank you ma'am" game is ran on 'em So fuck how you feel, you fuckin cheap thrill I hope you took the pill cause I won't pay the bill Gettin pussy's just another expense If pussy pays the bills then dick pays the rent I only need a ho for one thing and that's to cum I've got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one! [Ice-T]  Ha! Yo Marquis my motherfucker you got problems man?  (A bitch ain't one) Aww shit! Now let me tell you how to do this shit [M] I got a bitch that loves to G [I] She'll fuck you right after she fucks me [M] I got a bitch who loves both [I] I got a bitch who loves handcuffs and ropes [I] I got a bitch that's fast, a bitch that's slow [M] A bitch that's a virgin and a bitch that's a ho [I] A bitch that lies [M] A bitch that's true [I] A bitch who's a man BECAUSE THEY'RE "Bitches 2" [I] I got a bitch that's cool [M] A bitch that's hot [I] A bitch who loves rap, a bitch who loves rock [I] A bitch who's lost and one who knows where it's at [I] She gets up under me and purrs like a cat [M] I got a bitch that runs, I got a bitch that walks [M] I got a bitch that yells, I got a bitch who talks  [I] I got a bitch that's dirty, got a bitch that's neat [I] I got a super fine bitch that I knocked in the swap meet [Ice-T] And I love 'em all, I love 'em crazily And they love me back - that's why they stay with me So if you havin girl problems, I'll be there for you son I got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one - hit me... No a bitch ain't one.. (Huh, you know a bitch ain't one!) [Ice-T]  Youknahmsayin? I got problems with my motherfuckin rent Marquis But a bitch ain't one  [Brother Marquis]  Man you got yourself nothin man Fuck them raggedy stank-ass hos nigga [Ice-T] A bitch ain't one I got a problems stayin out here on these streets with the police trying to take a nigga out, y'know? But a bitch ain't one Got problems with motherfuckers.. buyin my records But a bitch ain't one  [Brother Marquis]  Fuck 'em all, nigga fuck them motherfuckers [Ice-T]  Youknahmsayin? A bitch ain't one  Got problems man  [Brother Marquis]  All them motherfuckers can kiss my motherfuckin ass.. f'real [Ice-T]  Really, niggaz worryin about bitches  They better, they better find somethin else to worry about {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Home Invasion Song: Message To The Soldier Yo, Ice, you been down with the struggle for a long time, man... Why don't you drop some knowledge for these brothers who  want to get involved in this war... Take notes: real gangstas wear trench coats Grey suits, black ties and they seek votes And you're not to be misled They'll kill you in your fuckin' bed They don't sell dope, yo, excuse me, yes they do But they don't look that much like me or you But if you pull up the sheets and expose them They'll crawl up like snakes and show fangs of venom Now I've been soldier for years Representin' the tattooed tears Other brothas locked up with no choice Left in the bowels of devil with no voice My phones are tapped, my crib is bugged My car is tailed from club to club And this ain't no fuckin' joke They want to see a nigga broke You can't slip, if you slip you're out You gotta know what you're talkin' about Drop science every chance you get Hit direct and indirect, speak in code  Cause you're never alone That's why I use this low tone Follow this and you might grow older This is a message to the soldiers... Now they killed King and they shot X Now they want me, you could be next All you gotta do is speak too loud All you gotta be is be too proud Cause once you let'em know Who you are and where you're at You better watch your back Cause you might think you're just dope While you're livin' in a sniper's scope I'm not tryin' to scare you But there's a danger if you get too deep Some nights I don't sleep All you wanna do is tell the truth All you wanna do is save the youth Ice Cube knows, Souljah knows, P.E. knows They throw death blows And if you got kids or a girl that's true They'll move on them too But when I'm gone I need you to carry on  You gotta be strong and fight for our salvation But there will be retaliation, soldier... To think that rap could be attacked Is ignorin' the simple fact That they never ment us to speak They had planned to keep the black man weak But rap hit the streets Black rage amplified over dope beats Now they want to shut us down And they don't fuck around Check the history books, son Black leaders die young They tell us that your words are scary They're revolutionary Because we speak the truth  About crime and drugs And expose the real thugs This info is not beneficial To the groups that go by three initals So they try to discredit They'll dog you with an edit Print the words the way you never said it But we gotta make'em regret it, soldiers... Word! I know a lot of brothas out there want to get in this war... You know what I'm sayin'? a lot of sistas got a lot of knowledge to drop on our people but right now they're movin' to shut down  all hip-hop! The first amendment had absolutely nothin' to do  with black people at the time constitution was written, we were  considered nothin' but property...The expectation of havin' black  people speak on records never came to mind, so we gotta move! But belive me all the black leaders have been silenced and most  of the time it's been violent so if you choose to get in this war,  realize what you're in for but we gotta move on... And we gotta stay strong... Message to the soldiers, welcome to the struggle... Message to the soldiers, be careful, soldiers... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Home Invasion Song: Ain't a Damn Thing Changed Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Ice-T] Ban me, try it, you might cause a riot But the radio won't play the underground we supply it I'm an Emcee pirate, this loud not quiet Radical is what they make them, make a rule out they fight Critics may say I'm wise, some of them call my words lies I have lived more than one day, than they willing their lives Cops hate kids and kids hate cops Cops kill kids with warning shots What is crime and what is not? What is justice?, I think I forgot  Squeeze the Trigger, 1986 Ain't a damn thing changed motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Home Invasion Song: That's How I'm Livin I was born in new jersey, I said it before But I guess nobody heard me My mother died young No sistas or brothas, I was the only son When I was twelve my pops died too What a brotha was supposed to do? They sent me out West To live with my aunt I guess they though it was the best But there was no love there Growin' with no moms  I guess I was prepared to live in a vacuum The bedroom the kitchen, the hall and the bathroom I didn't leave home much, didn't like L.A. Didn't have no friends to trust Got busted to a school Blacks and whites, I guess the shit was cool But in highschool I changed Didn't wanna bust, didn't wanna play the game I walked to Crenshaw high, shit was fly I hooked up with new cru Some brothas that knew what the fuck to do You might call it gang but we called it a set And it was our own thang The whole school was down And one way or another everybody fucked around When the hardcore or not you wore the right color or your ass got shot That's how i'm livin'... I did three years in and made close friends Havin' no love my homies came my only I was glad: a family I never had But I grew up fast got a girl on 10th grade pregnant Needin' cash, I had to change my style Switched from bangin' to hustlin' No more goin' buckwild Had to get a cashflow But my hustle was weak, it was a no go I join the army, four years in that shit Be all fucked you can be Came back to the hood My homies had done good Had elevated their game About 100 gees a lick, no mothafuckin' shame Passed for the jewels Baby sledgehammers with the tools I speak on this with a hesitation Even though it passed the statue of limitation... I checked the bank Bought a porsche and gear, earn high streetrank But as I grew my whole crew fell thru Cops had us on the books as innerstate crooks Murder robbery rape escape, the whole damn nine You robbed a nigga blind I had too much juice, I cut my boosters loose I was intread with the pimpgame Took on the ice-name But the pimpgame moved too slow Especially for a nigga who was hooked on quick dough In one nite late I was in a carwreck And I was lucky to escape Hospital for teen weeks, in bed almost dead And when I got well, I got gaught in a cross And got locked in a jailcell That's how I'm livin'... They cutted me loose And I had to change troops This time they didn't catch me Next time they'll strecth me Cause my time was gettin' short All my homies was in court Or locked in a hole, this shit was gettin' old So I changed my life Putted down the gun and picked up the mic It took ten years to get from there to here But I still keep a gun, cops got me on the run And they hate me more now Than they ever did before My homies came back from pen And we all worked together  True friends but every once and while Some punk mistakes me as a junk And he gets in my face Wrong mothafuckin' place And I aint lyin', that's how you dyin'... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Home Invasion Song: Gotta Lotta Love Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ VERSE 1 ] Woke up the other mornin, I heard a rumor They said the gang wars was over I told em they was bullshittin, they said it's real as hell Can't explain the way I felt Too many years I seen my brothers die And I can't say that shit was really that fly But I used to gangbang when I was younger So it's really hard to tell a kid that he's goin under I never thought I lived to see us chill Crips and Bloods holdin hands, the shit is ill But I love it, I can't help it Too much death on the streets, and we dealt it Van Ness Boys, The Hoovers, The 60s Bounty Hunters, 8-Treys, all coolin out, gee I pray the shit'll never stop You used to see the wrong colors, and the gats went pop-pop But now the kids got a chance to live And the O.G.'s got something to give That's love, black on black, that's how they made it And if any busters flip, they get faded L.A. is where I'm speakin of Peace to all the gangsters, cause I got a lotta love [ VERSE 2 ] I got a lotta love, cause you're all my brothers Red or blue, black's the color We got a chance, so we can really sweat the real fools Show those muthafuckas the real tools Check the enemy, it ain't the family Not 1-11, try L.A.P.D. They gotta understand, they beat on a blackman There's gonna be drama, know what I'm sayin? And if we flip, let's all flip together Cause I'm prepared, kid, for rough weather And we gotta realize, the boys on the east side You call em S-A's, I call em allies Because the day that we all unite Watch the pigs get real polite Punk muthafuckas gotta learn quick That we ain't takin no more shit L.A. is where I'm speakin of Peace to all the gangsters, cause I got a lotta love [ VERSE 3 ] Crenshaw Boulevard, Sunday afternoon Folks sittin on things, mad systems boom The girls are lookin better The gang truce is on, so you wear whatever At Venice by the ocean Rag-top Trey hits the three-wheel motion There's gangsters all around Still crazy sets, but you just don't clown I pray L.A. can stay this way It's the first summer I can really say I felt cool, we all chilled Went to the park, and nobody got killed Now if you got a problem, it's man on man You don't need a gang to solve em I seen the greatest thing I seen in my life Two brothers in a straight up fist fight Nobody pulled a gat, nobody jumped in Nobody pulled a knife, nobody got done in L.A. is where I'm speakin of Peace to my city, cause I got a lotta love [ VERSE 4 ] G-a-t-e-s, I hope you wear a vest Even after you're out the fuckin office Cause we're on a totally different tip Fuck that pig brutality shit This unity is gettin to me Every brother on the street is my homie I'm rollin through a hood that I never been And every brother steps to me as a friend I love it, I love it And nothin in my life will ever be above it We wanna see our kids all grown up We're tired of seein our hoods get blown up L.A. is a great place Fly girls, dope cars, life at a fast pace But gangbanging was killin it quick Another child got hit - bullshit Pop-pop-pop, 10 on a weekend We was goin off to deep end But now we got a chance, my friend To mend, and make the colors blend Let's all go out on a picnic, kick shit And squash all the static Last year I lost about five homies This shit is real to me L.A. is where I'm speakin of Peace to all the gangsters, cause I got a lotta love Yo This is goin out to all the gangbangers All over South Central Watts Inglewood All over L.A., basically East L.A. Youknowmsayin? It's basically goin down Peace to all the Crips and the Bloods Van Ness Boys Hoovers Rollin 60s 83's Bounty Hunters Yeah And the Jungle This is goin out to all the brothers over there in Watts You know what I'm sayin? Throwin it up Grape Street Nutty Blocc Front Hood And all them niggas out there in Compton Rollin 30s Harlem Ah yeah Pueblos Nickerson G's Peace Inglewood Family 18th Street South Loc And all the S-A homeboys All the different sets Every set, Crip, Blood What doesn't matter to me Cause I gotta love You know what I'm sayin? Hope the truce never ends Youknowsayin? We can do this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Home Invasion Song: I Ain't New Ta This Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Come on Come on [ VERSE 1 ] Do this, ugh, come on, come on Time to get wreck and kick the so on and so on The I-c-e-T  O.G. M.C.  L.A.P.D.  H-a-t-e- s (Ho!) Watch the mic blow I flip scripts, and the Dump drops the Ammo Time to get wreck with the new style It's '93 and MC's are gettin buck wild But I - ain't a - nigga That's gonna get left with a big zero as a figure I'm gonna end up with a big sum Cause if you don't like one jam, I always got another one Different, specifically I don't copy Tear up the track if the flow sounds sloppy I don't play one game I bust about a dozen cuts on my lp's, none the same [ CHORUS ] 	I ain't new to this 	I ain't new to this 	Never been 	New to this 	Nigga 	New to this 	I ain't new to this 	Fool 	New to this 	Fuck around and catch a left and a right fist [ VERSE 2 ] Boom bam, I drop fat slang When I used to hustle, used to be down with the crack game When I was young, I used to roll with a street gang If you wanna squabble, muthafucka, it ain't no thang I ain't new to this, I ain't new to this Blow your dome, I hit quick as a pugilist Ugh, ah, what's up? Now your eyes swoll' Thought I went soft, cause my records went gold (Sucker) Buster, you'se a - muthafuckin punk fool Caught you in your eye while you reached for your tool Now it's mine, and you're blind Pop-pop-pop-pop-pop goes the nine Yeah. what you're dissin bout, friend? Sayin I went out, but you ain't never been in I got r-e-s-p-e-c-t in the industry That's somethin that you'll never see [ CHORUS ] 	(They can get a smack for that) --> Flavor Flav 	(Yeah-yeah) [ VERSE 3 ] On and on to the funk track Back glass shakin like shit, that's where the trunk's at That's cause my shit's - made for Niggas that are hardcore Brothers is quick to hook a left to your right jaw Girls, come on, girls, come on, girls, come on Get your clothes off and the fun on Girls, come on, girls, come on, girls, come on Get your clothes off and the fun on It's time to check cash Jump in my 4, hit the switch and lay the ass While the Klan try to kill me But I wrote 'riot' on my muthafuckin will, gee So when I'm gone, it's on Caps goin off on the streets like popcorn Talkin bout Simon till the early morn' Word is bond But now I just cool Bumpin my Gang Starr tape by my pool I ain't new to this [ CHORUS ] [ VERSE 4 ] Check, check, I got problems with the press Caught the punk in traffic, stabbed the sucker in his neck (Ugh) Punk reporter tried to diss me (Ugh) Now the muthafucka's history (Ha) I got to make a break hardcore fat tape Word, I don't fantasize, I don't exaggerate Just kick correct with the 1-2 mic check Still quick to swing, take a sucker to the deck I'm not the nigga you should step to like a sucker Walk up talkin shit, you best to be a good ducker Your posse best to run from my gun Keep my nine off safety, and E holds the other one (Yeah, sucker) [ CHORUS ] 	(They can get a smack for that) 	And you don't stop 	Fuck, fuck around and get your punk ass dropped 	Yeah 	Ice-T 	'93 for the underground 	I ain't new ta this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Home Invasion/Ricochet Soundtrack Song: Ricochet Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br, cjross32@hotmail.com [Intro] Yeah, Syndicate's in the house Yeah, Geto Boys in the house Yeah, Donald D's in the house Yeah, Body count's in the house Yeah, Zulu Nation's in the house Yeah, Ice T's in the house, yeah [verse One]  You go on and on and you don't stop Got sticky sneakers from the blood of a shot cop Bailed in the club, I'm leavin' tracks on the white rug Punk tried to rif and he met double-live slugs I ain't the nigga to step to Out catchin' bodies and the next one could be you Quick on the trigger, yo, I'm a gravedigger Chop up a body and deep six 'em in the river A night-stalkin' psychopath All cops hunt the black male in a ski-mask But I'm too damn clever Will they ever catch me, never Because I operate in and out of state Move at a quick rate And never hesitate to take a chump sucker down And my H-K it holds 80 rounds So when you move be careful and don't play  And watch for the ricochet Suicide, it's a suicide, yeah (x8) [Verse Two] So shut up motherfuckers as I lay the ink When I'm in Detroit, niggas fight in mink When I'm in Chicago, motherfuckers get buck wild When I'm up in Oakland, niggas roll in huge pile In Atlanta, niggas crash you doors When I'm in Philly, it's a sold out tour In L.A., I max out real hard When I'm in New York, I build with the Gods So don't try to deny me my proper juice E cuts the records and the yellow nigga gets loose No static, just much respect Truck my Rolex when I cruise the projects A fly brother that's hard to figure I punch hos and I smack up niggas Cause I'm a pimp and a playa Sometimes I bump hip-hop, the other times, Slayer You don't like it well stay out of my fucking way Duck from the gunshot and watch for the ricochet Suicide, it's a suicide, yeah (x3) C'mon yeah (x7) [Verse Three] Yo D., what's up?, suckers is popping lip Grab the H-K and the dum-dum clip and spread out I'm putting punk's heads out Doors is shut, there's no chance to get out I got the motherfuckas tied with bike locks Raise the auto-loader and let off the buckshot {*gunfire sound*} That's how I like to do work {*gunfire sound*} Got guts on my T-shirt Motherfuckers tried to play the Ice Because I rhyme smooth and on TV act nice Soft, that's what you shouldn't have said Now I'm so mad I'm bustin veins in my forehead You want to get off, come on let's rock But have your safety off, and your shit cocked Cause when I come to get that ass Leave your whole fuckin' block filled with hot brass So punk, don't make me pop my trunk Show you my amps and my Mossberg pump Cause when I pull it, most niggas run Fool niggas stay and get hit by the ricochet Suicide, it's a suicide, yeah (x8) [Verse Four] Niggas wanna know about me and the "L", though We squashed that shit with me and him about a year ago But there's a new rule starting tonight Diss me on a record, see me, FIGHT! Cause in the days, you used to battle on mics {*gunfire sound*} Now it's '91, I'm using gauges and flashlights Ease back and don't give me no feedback Yo, "Ice cool out", yo, fuck that I'm hot, I'm putting niggas in cots Some get knocked out, some just get shot Where'd I get all the juice I use Gotta posse full of brothers with nothing to lose Some just got out, some will never Some beat their cases cause their lawyers were clever I love' em all and they know that's true So they won't blink while they doing a punk like you Freeze motherfucker Get on your knees, hands behind you back Bow your heads, if you will please I'll swing my axe, watch the bodies fall Watch your head bounce off like volleyball So all you motherfuckers down with the fly guy Look me in the face, if you're strong when you walk by And all you punk niggas talking shit Step to the side, bow your head like a bitch I don't play, you'll get hit by the ricochet You'll get hit by the ricochet You'll get hit by the ricochet Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Home Invasion Song: Addicted to Danger Typed by: WakMasterA@aol.com "Yo whats up man? Yeah I gotta trunk fulla this shit Word, broads still with me man, comin over to grapevine right now Yo I can't talk right now man, I gotta get off this phone" Damn, how'd I get into this scam Roll in a car with the trunk worth 5000 grand I came up from the curb, word First thing it rocks, now my ride's packin crazy birds I gotta freak in the front seat She got crazy game, might even have more than me And thats why I don't trust, I ain't no busta One wrong move and I'll dust her But she knows that, keeps a gat Works much plastic, always stays on phat She said she loves me Looks deep in my eyes, sometimes cries, all lies She only loves my cash flow, long dough The falso love of a pimp and a hoe But me and her gotta job to do Get this luggage back to the crew She got scanner, I hadta listen to the pigs talk And if they speakin about us then its jumpin off But I ain't sweatin them at all 2 cops'll roll up and 2 cops'll fall The lines on the highway, I'm makin my mind drift away To my last jail stay 5 years for a 459 I'm never goin back, no matter what the crime Surrenderin ain't me Fuck that, I'm holdin court in the street G For a nigga like me there ain't no ounce My life filled with drug busts and shoot outs Pure ghetto anger, pure ghetto anger Pure ghetto anger, I'm addicted to danger Some nights I crash clubs Rollin with the posse made of well-known thugs Cool out with the freaks Truckin much jewels, beggin for beef Thens some niggaz roll up Lookin for a way to pump the reps up But I ain't the one I'm handin out beat downs, no need for guns Sometimes I gotta ask myself Is all this buck whylin good for a niggaz health? I don't know why Am I suicidal, do I wanna die? The answerin, simple A headache throbs in my temple It says it ain't fair, it says it ain't right It says its goin down tonight We finally made it to the drop spot King and Weston Ave, snoody fox The posse was there, but it ain't right Fuckin police lights Its all goin down that road blocks I never seen that many cops It was a setup, my whole damn crew's gettin wet up Big time, some motherfucker dropped a dime But even in the flurry of gun shots My adrenaline was boilin hot I crash down on the floor of the ride Punch the gas, drove that benz through they punk ass Hit Vernor doin 90 Looked in the rear-view, no one behind me I got on the phone Called up the homies to see what went wrong But no time to sweat that I still gotta trunk fulla shit, I was on phat I just need a cool place to hide Dumped the benzo, slammed the G ride Me and a freak hit a motel crash spot The streets was hot Rubbed me down, said she adored me Said the gunfire made her horny The she pushed me back on the bed Licked me head to toe, toe to head Then I closed my eyes real slowly Is this love? No not me Then I felt a pain in my chest The smell of gun powder and burnt flesh I looked in her face, opened my mouth And then her badge came out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Home Invasion Song: G Style Intro: Yeah! Right about now motherfuckers is layin for a nigga like me Ice-T to bust some freestyle shit... but I don't do that I just cold lounge up here at the Ammo Dump with my nigga Alladdin, SLJ, LP and my nigga Henry G Yeah, we do the shit like this Verse One: The card after the ace is deuce So cut the nigga loose on the 3 That's me The motherfuckin T I got ride on my surfboard Rhyme hard But only buy the shit that I can't afford That's everything That's why I truck big fat rings Cause in the motherland gold is for kings I got backup To jack up Punks who try to act up Do a world tour Watch the big bank stack up Motherfuckers get dropped with the quickness I got an ill left and a right fist Make mistakes and you'll lose Or you might die Cause I'm the wrong Ice for your bruise And that's no lie Meanwhile the penile is stacked to the top with my niggaz Mostly for squeezin triggas I call em homies Pigs call em crooks So I write and put bucks on they books I give a fuck about a cop or a G-man They all talk shit Their breath smellin like semen I catch em in the alley all alone Put em in the prone Pop! Pop! Pop! To the dome Chorus: It's the G-style Gangsta style Verse 2: G Style, The gangsta talk I got a teflon .9 And it eats vest I take a motherfucker out quick Just for talkin shit Ride Rolls Catch hoes like a mitt LA, Atlanta, New York Yo, my shit rocks Chi-town, Miami, Detroit I get much props Because I roll with the hardcore G Every street's the same street to me I don't bullshit I don't quit Writin a rhyme fit KKK pray each day That I get hit Motherfuckers try to flip on the Icepick Move and slip Close the eyes and catch a fuckin clip Not in the ghetto no more But I do hang Got a black game And it's sittin on them thangs I kick the game from the street Not the slamma Tighten up my knockas with a big lead hammer Chorus Verse Three: Some of the times I write my raps with extreme speed Some of the times I take the pen and make pads bleed My mind clicks to Homocide Bullets fly Ladies cry A lot of people die Some nights I can't right Stare at the blue lines I think I'm a go blind Then the beat becomes me Sit in the dark And write a whole fuckin LP G Style, the gangsta talk Never near soft Hard as a knockout bout It's no sellout I keep crime in my rhyme Cause it's my thing Packed with guns And drugs And lots of street slang A-B-C-D-E-F, and LAPD Words from a motherfuckin OG Ammo Dump pumps the sounds that you bump in your trunk So turn it up punk What'cha fraid of? What'cha made of? Pull the pin Set the grenade off Blastin sounds out ya jeep On every city street, nigga Straight gangsta beat Chorus Verse Four: Many like to dress the style, and act hardcore Many motherfuckers are and they crack jaws I like to lay in the cut In a nightclub Don't smoke bud Drink suds But I gets loved, mack, cool I scope the freak with the mad backs Hit her with the gangsta style Cool, relaxed, bam Put her in the Benz Bump Too $hort, let her know Right off the top, what's my sport You think long You think wrong You got it goin on, baby doll? But I won't sing you no love song You either love me Or you don't You're either rollin tonight Or you won't She likes the style Cause it don't bullshit around Tounge in my ear, real slow And then it went down I gotta flip into a ill mode Pack a clip full of hype tracks And then unload Music for the hardcore beatdown No weak pop shit Strictly underground And if you don't like the style, as I get wreck Ease back nigga, catch a knife through the neck Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Home Invasion Song: Race War Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Yeah Yeah Check this out: now I'm black But black people trip Cause white people like me White people like me But don't like them What's the fuck up Are you my friend? Hell no, you're a racist You say you got one black friend, so you're in Sorry homie, no win Check the facts Mexicans are still gettin pushed to the back Puerto-Ricans gettin dissed the same Won't speak on the Indians, shit's insane Fuck John Wayne I don't hate whites I just got a death wish for muthafuckas that ain't right You got black skin Still you gotta show and prove, friend Back to the facts What about Australia? A fuckin failure The Aboriginal people are black So they got jacked You ask me about free speech and the Riots? So what's in store? I'm talkin bout a race war (Get yourself together) (Upen your eyes Get wise) (Put your brain in gear) Race war People gettin killed in the street Blood on your feet, the ends don't meet And who they gonna blame it on, me? Try the media Try the P.D. Try your TV Try your quest for wealth Anybody but yourself But once the bullets start flyin People start dyin It's all because we're lyin History books that teach hate A kid has no escape From the racist fate And pretty soon South Africa Will stop chillin And start killin Race war (8X) Every night I pray That people get this shit together one day But this country ain't with it America was founded on that racist shit I judge the devil by his deeds It's usually connected to the size of his greed And keep the hope Even though they'd love to give a nigga like me the rope And when this shit hits There's gonna be a lotta white kids rollin with the Africans You can't sweat skin Cause ??? a lot of blacks is down with the Republicans This shit don't have to happen That's why a brother like me's still rappin Just treat each other right Either that, or you're lookin for a sure fight Fuck the police We already know they ain't about no fuckin peace You wanna know what I think's in store? Justice or a race war (Get yourself together) (Upen your eyes Get wise) Race war (Get yourself together) (Upen your eyes Get wise) (Put your brain in gear) Race war (Get yourself together) (Upen your eyes Get wise) (Put your brain in gear) Race war (Get yourself together) (Upen your eyes Get wise) (Put your brain in gear) Korean people live down in the hood A little mis-fuckin-understood Orientals were slaves too Word to this fuckin red white and blue People from Iran ain't never did shit to us So why the distrust? The system wanna keep us at each other's throats While we're payin the tax notes Cause bein black ain't no fuckin minority It's the fuckin majority So they gotta make us hate each other Word, check the brothers Mexicans - black Jamaicans - black Iranians - black Indians - black Hawaiians - black Puerto-Ricans - black Eskimos - black South-Americans - black Orientals - black Yeah, that's right The Klan says everything's black that ain't white So we gotta get our facts straight Cause the shit they teach in school is pure hate Sometimes I don't know for sure If somebody want a race war (Get yourself together) (Upen your eyes Get wise) Race war (Get yourself together) (Upen your eyes Get wise) (Put your brain in gear) Race war (Get yourself together) (Upen your eyes Get wise) (Put your brain in gear) Race war (Get yourself together) (Upen your eyes Get wise) (Put your brain in gear) Who wants a race war? ( *quotes repeated until end* ) We're gonna lose The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ SLJ (From Wrecked Dialect) Album: Home Invasion Bonus CD Song:  Mixed Up  Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * Originally appeared on 'I Ain't New Ta This BW Mixed Up (SYNDD1) - UK CDS'  [Intro: Ice-T Talking]  Oh! Yeah, nineteen ninety three Ice motherfucking T in the place, you know what I'm saying? Cold lounging with my nigga SLJ from Wrecked Dialect You know what I mean? (YEAH!!) melt microphone screams Have to turn this motherfucker out, you know what I'm saying? [SLJ] Yep, digging a profile [Ice] Yeah, check the technique whore, ha ha, I'ma do this [SLJ] Brave Guts!! [Verse One: Ice-T] One, two, three, it's time to flip with the O.G. gangster Banger, underground slanger of the murderous rhymes your moms hates HUH! mother fuck the K.K.K. and Darrel Gates Give me the microphone now, goddamn it, so I can blow it Throw it, rip it, wreck it, pimp it, whore it (YEAH!!) I'm about to take the fuck up, with this bullshit Full clips spray from the hands of this convict I'm not no nice nigga, I'm known not to smile at no bitch How to think; whores be thinking about getting rich! I love these whores like money Back on the streets, on a track the Iceberg Cheque plenty (WORD!!) I got a bullet with your name on it, you want it? Knock your grill, I'll fill it with golden ponant Oh! my God, these niggaz hard, call the Bomb Squad Too late, I detonate, I beliderate three states, GONE!! (BOOM!!) I play Russian Roulette all alone You got me mixed up with a nigga that gives a fuck! You got me mixed up with a nigga that gives a FUCK!! [Verse Two: SLJ] How many emcees do I have to rot? (ROT!!) How many suckers do I have to drop? (DROP!!) How many tampers do I have to plot? (PLOT!!) Count them, how many rounds are in the glock? (GLOCK!!) Niggaz wanna test me, stress me Well, they can't handle this shit that kick, and that's it Cause they can't catch the feat, that comes with the cleat Or an A.K. that I shot last week  Cause niggaz on the Ave, don't really know the half of my shit, so watch if, you might get stabbed By the Rap plaque, who was trying to get paid  In this tray, and any nigga stepped gets sprayed  UHH!! by the verbal-lyrical, mystical, spirit-ual Sucker play me wrong, now watch me get physical I can't give a fuck about the punk ass cops I got a glock with the infrared dot on it's knot (POP!!) [Chorus:] [SLJ] Don't get me mixed up with a nigga that gives a fuck! [Ice] Don't get him mixed up with a nigga that gives a fuck!! [Ice] Don't get me mixed up with a nigga that gives a fuck!!! [SLJ] Ice, get on the mic and buck buck! [Verse Three: Ice-T] I fall in hate the way motherfuckers fall in love I blew it in the sky as up above But I'm in the gang no more, slang 'kane no more Step to me wrong and your jaw meets a cobra (HUH!!) I don't give a fuck about nobody Listen, if you like me, I love you, you hate me I'm dissing them; suckers, bitches, busters, whores Can catch a bozack chased by a head crack I love the duckings throughout these ghetto alleys by myself  Dressed in black so I'm stealth Keep by glock beside me, Ski-Mask to hide me And if I'm out to kill then now the assaults get by me (YEAH!!) Niggaz wanna flip but I'm the wrong male With the wrong hands, I thought you're in fact, the young shorts foreman Let's go back to the old shit, old style Ice motherfucking T on the mic buckwild (YEAH!!) [Chorus:] [SLJ] Don't get me mixed up with a nigga that gives a fuck! [Ice] You got me mixed up with a nigga that gives a fuck!! [Ice] You got me mixed up with a nigga that gives a fuck!! [SLJ] SLJ, get on the mic and destruct!! (YEAH!!) [Verse Four: SLJ] Now watch me, grip up, zip up, split off suckers' heads Who thought that I was soft (HUH!!) cause it's ninety three It's time for me, to get a fat Cheque, ain't that right boss? (YEP!!) Cause this game is strange, it's just may change back to chains Caressing ankles back to brains Cause it's backdoor, once again to the end At this time, you might know whose your friends So watch your back, and the sounds of the clack Like other fool just succumbs to, who carries a gat (PING!!) Who's scheming, fiending, remember he's a demon Looking for the brothers who be straight disagreeing Cause if he haven't heard, who tried to dis the Iceberg Last year, this year, we still no fear Because we drop Ammo, that niggaz couldn't handle And after this blunt we still beget another scandal (YEAH!!) [Verse Five: Ice-T] Check the hood, check the hood for some real Gs So many suckers, I need some niggaz to roll with me To kick up some dust, drive-by and bust I love God but it's in GLOCK! I fucking trust I got a fucking Souleaf in my damn brain And the shit is dripping out, I'm damn near insane I don't wanted to, but I gotta, and I shot her, then I chopped her Then I packed her, then I stuffed her, then I rocked her (YEAH!!) The bitch is so fucking good anyway Snitched on my boys to the motherfucking D-E-A What's up? - You wanna try to focus your sights on the Mic This nigga can flip scripts all night Yeah, I wreck shit nice, the microphone smokes like Tri-ice Bang nigga, bang nigga, I'm a known gang figure Killed so many bodies, need to make my trunk bigger (HUH!) Dig a shallow grave on the side of the freeway Yo, I don't play and I'm ready to die today [Outro: Ice-T] Don't get me mixed up with a nigga that gives a fuck! Don't get us mixed up with the niggaz that give a fuck! Don't get us mixed up with some niggaz that give a fuck! Don't get us mixed up with some niggaz that give a fuck! YEAAAAAHHHH!! - Motherfucker!! The Syndicate's in the motherfucking house! Word them up! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Dave Storrs, DJ Flash (Lee Johnson of Rappers Rapp Group) Album:  The Classic Collection/Cold As Ever Song:   Ice-A-Mix Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com  * Recorded from 1983-1986 for various indie labels but compiled on this LP in 1993 [Intro: Ice-T] Before I start rocking, let's get one thing faded My name is Ice-T when you're pronouncing it But I'm.. not the Tea the breeders drink this noon I'm Ice-Capital-T, I bust a beat for this tune [Verse One: Ice-T] Six in the morning police at my door Ice-T, L.A. dogging the wax!! Didn't know what the cops wanted, didn't have time to ask Six in the morning police at my door Ice-T, L.A. dogging the wax!! Didn't know what the cops wanted, didn't have time to ask Six in the morning police at my door Ice-T, L.A. dogging the wax!! Didn't know what the cops wanted, didn't have time to ask Six in the morning police at my door Ice-T, L.A. dogging the wax!! Didn't know what the cops wanted, didn't have time to ask KILLERS!! KILLERS!! COME ON!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! Ice-T, L.A. dogging the wax!! Word!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! COME ON!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! Ice-T, L.A. dogging the wax!! Word!! Word!! rock rock, just body rock KILLERS!! KILLERS!! COME ON!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! Ice-T, L.A. dogging the wax!! [Verse Two: Ice-T] Suckers step back, suckers step back Suckers step back, reacting his attack Evil E is in the place, cold dogging the wax Definitely deadly, Word!! ~ definitely deadly, Word!! Definitely deadly, Word!!  Definitely deadly that ain't no Todd ----> (LL Cool J) Ice-T, Come On!! word!!  Ice-T Come On!! word!!  Ice-T, Come On!! word!! Ice-T, Ice-T, Come On!! Ice-T  Ice-T just rocking the tracks word!! I'm cold as Ice  Ice-T just rocking the tracks, Cold and cool, I'm cold as Ice Ice-T just rocking the tracks, cold and cool, I'm cold as Ice Ice-T just rocking the tracks, cold and cool, I'm cold as Ice Dogging the wax!! dogging the wax!! You don't quit, you don't quit You don't quit, you don't quit Cold.. cold.. cold.. you don't quit Cold.. cold.. cold.. you don't quit Cold.. cold.. cold.. You don't quit [Interlude #1: Dave Storrs] Just Body Rock!!  Let your Body Rock!!  Just Body Rock!! Just Body Rock!!  Just just Body Rock!!  Just Body Rock!! Just Body Rock!!  Just just Body Rock!!  Get Down!! [Hook: Ice-T] Six in the morning police at my door Six in the morning police at my door Six in the morning police at my door Didn't know what the cops wanted, didn't have time to ask (Come On!!) You don't quit, you don't quit, you don't quit, you don't quit You don't quit, you don't quit, you don't quit, you don't quit [Interlude #2: DJ Flash] Aiyyo, this is Flash, I got your tape, it's awesome That's Rock scene man with a hell of a DJ You wait at Bb-Guns, you wait at uhh.. I mean you have to.. [Outro: Ice-T] You don't quit, you don't quit, you don't quit, you don't quit Get ill, get ill, get ill, get ill get ill, get ill, get ill, get ill Didn't know what the cops wanted, didn't have time to ask Ice-T, early dogging the wax!! Six in the morning police at my door Ice-T, early dogging the wax!! Didn't know what the cops wanted, didn't have time to ask Six in the morning police at my door Ice-T, early dogging the wax!! Didn't know what the cops wanted, didn't have time to ask Six in the morning police at my door Ice-T, early dogging the wax!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album:  The Classic Collection Song:   The Coldest Rap Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com  * Ice-T's First single ever, released in 1983 but compiled on this LP in 1993 [Verse One: Ice-T] Some people claim that I'm born to play Cause I'm your Icetea on the sunny day I make the goers come, the leavers stay  I make the lovers kiss and the workers play I make the runners walk, the quiet talk  I burst so viciously, I make the blind man see I'm the ladies' cream, the virgins' wet dream I got that kind of movement that the young girls fiend I'm tired of these DJs going around Taking about how they go down to town Cause I'm the best Rapper that you have found So all you lovely ladies, let's party down Take all your rapping records, don't end the track Ice-T is the only brother that you got to back Hook up the studio, turn up the wire We're gonna rock til the niggaz call up Entire We rock rock y'all with no fear, and if you don't dig it turn off your ears We rock rock y'all and keep on, and if you don't dig it take your damn ?? Cause I'm a player, the best alive  I prefer fast money to a Nine-to-Five From the womb to the tomb, I run my game Cause I'm cold as ice, and I show no shame [Break: Sound of cold wind blowing] [Verse Two: Ice-T] Well I'm (*Poww*) Ice-T, I'm terribly back I'm here to knock out the wheel as we blow up the past I'm maybe small but I'm willing to say I jam this party in one hell of a way The powers I got are hard to find  The beat breaking woman's hearts, while I'm blowing their minds They be giving me money, and buying me things  But I spend their cash in pirate rings If they treat me right, I'm willing to show The coolest young brother they ever know But if they do me wrong, I hate to say I've never teach them how to rock this way Cause back in the thirties when time was hard I have had, a sawed-off shotgun and I marked different cards A turned up collar, a turned up hat, a .38 cutlet I stole that I walked in a party, they won't leave for a day And I started dancing one hell of a way I was dancing so hard, couldn't no one compete I turned out the party with my Ice-cold feet Cause I'm a player, that's all I know On a summer day, I play in the snow From the womb to the tomb, I run my game Cause I'm cold as ice, and I show no shame [Break: Sound of cold wind blowing] [Verse Three: Ice-T] We're born to play, and brought up that way We chase the women night and day And when I run through, I will talk to you And you'll become one of the chosen few Can't you see that now I'm mean? I'm the brother known as Ice-T And umm.. I'm the brother whose like no other Whose black in soul but not in color You digged the race, and a hit to the case When you're trying to get outta my face I'm trying to tell you I'm a brother that's nice I'm sweet as honey, I'm cold as Ice But if you say something to me that ends you down  You be picking off your booty up off the ground You can ask your father, your sister or mother I got a Rolls Royce in every color I keep my rides tune the perfection, I got a strut for every direction I'm the pimp, the player, the women layer The holy dueler, the whorehouse doer I just play young whores, slam Cadillac doors  I'm the black Mack of the heart attack But.. I don't smoke no whack, I don't cut no slack I'm here to rock y'all, so rock rock I'm Ice-T when I dress, I never jock I do all my shopping on Rodeo Drive  When I leave the pad, I'm never allowed I'm damn so sharp, I cut through the pipe I got so many clothes, and my words these day When I put some in, I got to throw some away Cause I'm a player, some call us Macks With private phones and our Cadillacs From the womb to the tomb, we run our games Cause we cold as ice, and we show no shame [Break: Sound of cold wind blowing] [Verse Four: Ice-T] The ladies say that I'm heaven sent Cause I got more money than the US mint I ride Rag-Top Rolls with rocks on my hand, Maseratis and Mercedes Benz I have the Uz to line, private Jets, Bel-Air-Boogies place my bets I own islands up, there close to France Now I wear designer, chucks and pants  When I was brought into this world My mamma never asked if I was boy or a girl First I rolled over to her, and gave her a kiss  She said: Your daddy don't rock me like this! When the doctor hit me on the behind, I broke on down with a funky rhyme  The nurses said, I was awfully cute When I played out a joint, in a three piece suit Yo yo yo, please please, please check it out  Cause I'm a player, I'm always clean I bought Mercedes Benz when I was seventeen From the womb to the tomb, I run my game Cause I'm cold as ice, and I show no shame [Break: Sound of cold wind blowing] [Verse Five: Ice-T] Then I met this madam named Angel Adam, she said she liked my style She said sit down too, let me rap to you, for just a little while She was a gravedigger, pulled .38 triggers She is a lady in love and sent from above She wasn't sly, she wasn't slick, just made that money real quick She had a way.. of getting fast, it came from dealing in cold cash She ran her game with the utmost ease, to break a player down to his knees I said: hey look, freeze on that rap, and prepare yourself for a heart attack I took her by her hand, I said come with me  We drove up in my vicious eighty three I took her to diner, I took her to the show I took her to the suite cause she begged me to go We got into the room, to make After-Long snaps So she just shut the seven buckles up and came up with a gat Stretched through the door, I didn't cut no slack I had her on the floor, on her stomach, on her back I had her on the wall, and I hold it on the knee I put her in the hot tub and the water started to freeze I took her out the hot tub then I put her on the faucet "Ooh Ice-T, I can't take no more"  I put her in the bed then she looked up in the mere Screamed so loud, I think the East Coast did hear I floored on my back, I put her on the top She said: "Ooh Ice-T, would this ever stop?"  I said No! the freaking has just began We hit fifty more positions before I got gone When we've got finished, it was no longer dark We had rocked so hard, made her snotty farts bark Then she rolled over to me, she looked me in my eye And said these words to my surprise:  She said: I tried to check you, cause I knew I could I came here with you, cause I thought I should I tried to freak you, cause I thought I could But oohh baby, you're sure I could? She said: baby you're one hell of a man, ain't no better riding than Disney Land Now to all you ladies that think you're fly, and can out freak the average guy Don't ever come venturing through my door I'll have begging to stop, while you're screaming for more Yo, please check it out All the ladies in the house come check it out  Cause I'm a player with juice on every hand So deeply in packet I control demand But we all know how I earn my pay Cause if you don't wanna work, then you got to play [Break: Sound of cold wind blowing] [Verse Six: Ice-T] Brothers when you winning in Donna Fox You don't take her to MC Donalds to jack in the box Don't pick her up, in a bus or a Cap  She needs a black belt chauffeur and a cornice wrap You can take her to dine at the finest spot Or you take her to a disco that's really hot You can take her home and while you're all alone Don't forget to disconnect the phone You can take her to the bed, you throw back the sheets Rock her butt to the rhythm of the beat.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Dave Storrs Album:  The Classic Collection Song:   Killers Typed by: Edpav172@aol.com, dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Dave Storrs] KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!!  KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!!  KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!!  [Ice-T] A man seen this Ad on T.V. To enroll in the Police Academy He's very talented and outstanding with proof From his clean-cut appearance, to the shine on his boots When it comes to graduation, he's number one An expert with the Rifle and also a gun Three weeks on the beat, his weak nerves cracked And fired four warning shots into a kid's back (*Gun Shots*) [Chorus: Ice-T] KILLERS!! - These are the killers KILLERS!! - The coldhearted killers KILLERS!! - Bloodthirsty killers KILLERS!! - Beware of the killers [Ice-T] A young girl marries an older man With more money than you could understand  He smothered her with pearls and jewelry And they both seemed as happy as they could be But three months later, she's sad but content Seems he had an unexpected accident The girl said he would be hard to forget As the papers interviewed her while she flew his jet [Chorus: Ice-T] KILLERS!! - These are the killers KILLERS!! - She was the killer KILLERS!! - The coldhearted killers KILLERS!! - Beware of the killers It's time for all to work together for peace Cause everybody's doomed, if the killings don't cease Street homicide, war, it's all the same Cause murder is murder by any name KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! [Ice-T] A young man loses his only job Too proud to hustle, too honest to rob He goes to tell his family and his wife But an argument breaks out, she grabs a knife Tempers escalate into a total rage Shots burst out from a loaded twelve-gauge They called that Mass Murder, Suicide! BUT SOMEBODY TELL ME WHY THE KIDS HAD TO DIE? [Chorus: Ice-T] KILLERS!! - These are the killers KILLERS!! - The coldhearted killers KILLERS!! - Bloodthirsty killers KILLERS!! - Beware of the killers [Ice-T] Vietnam vet, home from the war Can't get a job in a candy store Unemployment hurts in his living proof So to take out his frustration, he climbs on the roof He shows no pity as victims are shot The only thing to stop him is a bullet from SWAT Ten people died on a sunny day BUT TELL ME WHO TAUGHT HIM HOW TO SHOOT THAT WAY? [Chorus: Ice-T] KILLERS!! - These are the killers KILLERS!! - You know the killers KILLERS!! - Beware of the killers KILLERS!! - Are you a killer? It's time for all to work together for peace Cause everybody's doomed, if the killings don't cease Street homicide, war, it's all the same Cause murder is murder by any name KILLERS!! KILLERS!!  [Ice-T] A known criminal is sentenced to death Now the legal system controls his last breath He tries to fight execution with petitions and pleas And a pardon from the governor is all he needs He cries out for mercy, but nothing's spared And on his day of termination, he's strapped in a chair High voltage hits his body and the hounds sliced him And all of the people of vengeance grin [Chorus: Ice-T] Are you a killer? - A coldheart killer? A KILLER!! - A bloodthirsty killer? A KILLER!! - A merciless killer? A KILLER!! A KILLER!! A KILLER!! [Ice-T] Georgie-Porgy-Pudding-and-pie Couldn't get a girl, let me tell you all why He tried to be down like all the rest Had curls in his hair, gold on his chest He rolled around town in a Coupé Deville But he had no money, he was broke as hell Ladies love money and he needed more So he tried to steal something from a Liquor Store But before Georgie-Porgie could get away The man pulled out his gun and blew him away [Chorus: Ice-T] He was a killer, a coldheart killer A KILLER!! - Are you a killer?  A KILLER!! - A merciless killer? A KILLER!! - Beware of the killers It's time for all to work together for peace Cause everybody's doomed, if the killings don't cease Street homicide, war, it's all the same Cause murder is murder by any name KILLERS!! KILLERS!!  [Ice-T] Politicians plus theirs power each and every day We are all just puppets in the games they play They manipulate the masses to obtain their goals And for simple re-election they will sell their souls Nuclear Supremacy is the ultimate thrill So our taxes we pay and pay for overkill Bureau of Bombers' super weapons, rockets in the sky WHILE WE ALL PRAY TO GOD THE MISSILES NEVER FLY [Chorus: Ice-T] KILLERS!! - These are the killers KILLERS!! - They are killers KILLERS!! - Are you a killer? KILLERS!! - Don't be a killer It's time for all to work together for peace Cause everybody's doomed, if the killings don't cease Street homicide, war, it's all the same Cause murder is murder by any name [Outro: Dave Storrs until faded] KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!!  KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!!  KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! KILLERS!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album:  Rhyme Pays/The Classic Collection Song:   6 'N the Mornin' Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Verse One: Ice-T] Six in the morning, police at my door Fresh Adidas squeak across the bathroom floor Out my back window, I made my escape Didn't even get a chance to grab my old school tape Mad with no music, but happy cause I'm free And the streets to a player is the place to be Got a knot in my pocket, weighing at least a grand Gold on my neck, my pistol is closed in hand I'm a self-made monster of the city streets Remotely controlled by hard Hip-Hop beats But just living in the city is a serious task Didn't know what the cops wanted, didn't have time to ask [Break] Word!! Word!! Word!! [Verse Two: Ice-T] Seen my homeboys cooling way way out Told them about my morning, cold bugged them out Shot a little dice until my knees got sore Kicked around some stories about the night before Possed to the corner where the fly girls chill Through action at some freaks until one bitch got ill She started acting silly, simply would not quit Called us all punk pussies, said we all weren't shit As we walked over to her, whore continued to speak So we beat the bitch down in the goddamn street But just living in the city is a serious task Bitch didn't know what hit her, didn't have time to ask [Break] Word!! Word!! Word!! [Verse Three: Ice-T] Continued clocking freaks with the man's posteriors Rolling in the Blazer with the Louie interior Solid gold, the ride was raw, bust a left turn was on Crenshaw Sean E Sean was the driver, known to give freaks hell Had a beeper going off like the high school bell Looked in the mirror, what do we see? Fucking blue lights L.A.P.D. Pigs searched our car, their day was made Found an uzi, .44 and a Handgranade Threw us in the county, high powered block No freaks to see, no beats to rock Didn't want trouble but the shit must fly Squabbled with this sucker, shanked him in the eye But living in the county is a serious task Nigga didn't know what happened, didn't have time to ask [Break] [Verse Four: Ice-T] Back on the streets after five and a deuce Seven years later, but still had the juice My homeboy Hen Gee, put me up on the track Told me E's rolling Villain, BJs has got the sack Bruce is a giant, Nat C's clocking Dough B-Bop's a pimp, my old freak's a whore The Batterram's rolling, rocks are the thing Life has no meaning and money is king Then he looked at me slowly and Hen had to grin He said: Man you're out early we thought you got ten Opened up his safe, kicked me down with cold cash Knew I would get busy, he didn't waste time to ask [Break] Word!! Word!! Word!! [Verse Five: Ice-T] I bought a Benz with the money, the rest went on clothes Went to the strip, started pimping the whores My hair had grew long, on my seven year stay And when I got it done, on my shoulders it lay Hard from the joint, but fly to my heart I didn't want trouble but the shit had to start Out with my crew, and some punks got loud Shot gun blasts, echoed through the crowd Six punks hit, two punks died All casualties were applied to their side Human Lives had to pass, just for talking much trash We didn't know who they were, no one had time to ask [Break] Word!! Word!! Word!! [Verse Six: Ice-T] Swat team leader yelled hit the floor Reached in my pocket pulled my .44 Dove across the room, peeped out the window Twenty cops jumped behind the Pinto Out the back door like some damn track stars Broke down an alley jumped into a car Suckers didn't even see us, they must've been blind Black wire touched red, the car was mine We hadn't done nothing but some suckers got shot Hit the first turn goddamn road blocked Broke through the block and we did it fast Cops would shot us on sight, they wouldn't took time to ask [Break] Word!! Word!! Word!! [Verse Seven: Ice-T] The rollers gave chase at a serious speed One more conviction was all I need This shit was for real, this was no La-Di-Da-Di Cause the boys had to pin the shit on somebody And me and my crew, we were known to get ill We carried heat for protection but not to kill We bust a corner doing 60; one police car spun And all I was thinking, was murder one Bust a move into an alley and did it right And me and my crew, we're gone into the night Broke to my old ladies, who drew me a bath She didn't even know what happened, didn't care, didn't ask [Break] Word!! Word!! Word!! [Verse Eight: Ice-T] We made love like crazy on top of the sheets This girlie was my worldly, a natural freak She ran her tongue over each and every part of me Then she rocked my Amadeus while I watched TV A technician with a mission, that's what she was If there had been a crowd, she would've got an applause This girl did everything on earth to me that could be done The she backed off and teased me so I couldn't come Then she cold got stupid, pushed me on the floor Had me begging to stop, while I was screaming for more After she waxed by body, she let me crash She knew her loving was deaf, she didn't waste time to ask [Break] Word!! Word!! Word!! [Verse Nine: Ice-T] Up the next morning, feeling good as hell Sleeping with a girlie, sure beats a cell Hit the boulevard in my A.M.G. Whores catching whiplash, trying to glimpse the T Ring on my mobile yes cellular Got to have a phone when I'm in my car Was my homeboy Red, some say he's insane Broke his bitch jaw for smoking cane Told me to meet him at the Airport Said he's jumping bail, said he just left court Caught the first thing smoking in a serious dash He didn't know where we was going, didn't care, didn't ask [Break] Word!! Word!! Word!! [Verse Ten: Ice-T] Fell asleep on the plane and so did he Woke up chilling in N.Y.C. Called on my posse, when I got there Hit the Latin Quarter, in Union Square Rooftop Devil's Nest, the rest we passed Back doored the Palladium, just for class About 4:00 AM, we crashed the deuce We never catch static cause my boys got juice Deuced it to the Bronx, to rest our heads Where a shoot out jumped off, nine people lay dead It sounded like it happened with a Mac 10 Blast But it was six in the morning, we didn't wake up to ask [Break] Word!! Word!! Word!! Word!! Word!! Word!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Dave Storrs Album:  The Classic Collection/Cold As Ever Song:   Body Rock  Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com  * Ice-T's 3rd single, released in 1984 but compiled on this LP in 1993 [Intro: Dave Storrs] Let your body rock! Let your body rock! Let your body rock!! [Verse One: Ice-T] Hip-Hoping; is a thing to binge Is where the stone-cold Nitro party begin So listen party people with an ear to the street The Cali' professionals and the socially elite To the fly young guys, to the pretty girls Ice-T is gonna tell you about that Hip-Hop world [Break:] [Verse Two: Ice-T] Hip-Hoping is a way of life With graffiti and rapping on the mic As the record scratches to the break of beat The Hip-Hop was sound of the street The Hip-Hoping, being around a while  With the serious funk, that people style A record scratches, a simple rap  A breaker spinning on his back  [Chorus: Dave Storrs] Body Rock!!  Body Rock!!  Body Rock!!  [Verse Three: Ice-T] Now I don't care what people say, Hip-Hop is here to stay When the Hip-Hop scene first gained attend, they said it would die They said it couldn't make it, they said it'll never fly  Now every where, for you to see, in movies, Radio, MTVs But the Hip-Hop scene has substance, unlimited dimensions And it will leave with whirlwind out-mass media attention Cause it is not some fad, created over night It is a cultural movement, that bred by city lights Now I'ma break it down, for all of you Who never seen a Hip-Hop crew, or the gangster cuts of cold DJ Shocking and rocking to the break of day Or the master art of the graffiti man Expressing himself with his brave hand Yo people! what is gonna be?.. Hip-Hop is making history Now Hip-Hop club is not a disco It's the record controls over your rapping show Like New York rocking the LA's radio The DJs keeping your audio speakers on the go No Three-Piece suite allowed inside T-Shirt and tennis shoes, loose your ties You can scratch your turntable when you cross the floor And beats been on two, and sometimes in four Like this.. (Turntablizm scratching) [Break:] [Verse Three: Ice-T] So if you listen to the music by your radio DJ And listen to the rappers, on the records that they play And check out the graffiti, that turns ghettos into ark Or watch the kids do dance, on the street and in the park On this time, you realize, Hip-Hoping is the way To find true people in the city streets in this cold world today Let's dance not fight, and all unite, just turn the box up loud To the funky beat, on any street, you'll find that Hip-Hop crowd  [Outro: Dave Storrs] The Body Rock!!  Keep your body rock!!  Let your body rock!!  Let your body rock!!  Keep your body rock!!  Let your body rock!!  Body Rock!!  Body Rock!! Just Body Rock!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album:  The Classic Collection Song:   Cold Wind-Madness (AKA The Coldest Rap, Pt. 2) Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com  * Ice-T's 1st single ever, released in 1983 but compiled on this LP in 1993 [* Sampler of cold wind blowing*] [Intro: Ice-T] Yo yo yo, please please, please check it out  Cause I'm a player, I'm always clean I bought Mercedes Benz when I was seventeen From the womb to the tomb, I run my game Cause I'm cold as ice, and I show no shame [Break: Sampler of cold wind blowing] [Verse One: Ice-T] The ladies say that I'm heaven sent Cause I got more money than the US mint I ride Rag-Top Rolls with rocks on my hand, Maseratis and Mercedes Benz I have the Uz to line, private Jets, Bel-Air-Boogies place my bets I own islands up, there close to France Now I wear designer, chucks and pants  When I was brought into this world My mamma never asked if I was boy or a girl First I rolled over to her, and gave her a kiss  She said: Your daddy don't rock me like this! When the doctor hit me on the behind, I broke on down with a funky rhyme  The nurses said I was awfully cute When I played out a joint, in a three piece suit Yo yo yo, please please, please check it out  Cause I'm a player, I'm always clean I bought Mercedes Benz when I was seventeen From the womb to the tomb, I run my game Cause I'm cold as ice, and I show no shame [Break: Sampler of cold wind blowing] [Verse Two: Ice-T] I took her by her hand, I said come with me  We drove up in my vicious eighty three I took her to diner, I took her to the show I took her to the suite cause she begged me to go We got into the room, to make After-Long snaps So she just shut the seven buckles up and came up with a gat Stretched through the door, I didn't cut no slack I had her on the floor, on her stomach, on her back I had her on the wall, and I hold it on the knee I put her in the hot tub and the water started to freeze I took her out the hot tub then I put her on the faucet "Ooh Ice-T, I can't take no more"  I put her in the bed then she looked up in the mere Screaming so loud, I think the East Coast did hear I floored on my back, I put her on the top She said: "Ooh Ice-T, would this ever stop?"  I said No! the freaking has just began We hit fifty more positions before I got gone When we've got finished, it was no longer dark We had rocked so hard, made her snotty farts bark Then she rolled over to me, she looked me in my eye And said these words to my surprise:  She said: I tried to check you, cause I knew I could I came here with you, cause I thought I should I tried to freak you, cause I thought I could But oohh baby, you're sure I could? She said: baby you're one hell of a man, ain't no better riding than Disney Land Now to all you ladies that think you're fly, and can out freak the average guy Don't ever come venturing through my door I'll have begging to stop, while you're screaming for more Yo, please check it out All the ladies in the house come check it out  Cause I'm a player with juice on every hand So deeply in packet I control demand But we all know how I earn my pay Cause if you don't wanna work, then you got to play [Break: 69 seconds of Jazz music interlude] [Verse Three: Ice-T] Brothers when you winning in Donna Fox You don't take her to MC Donalds to jack in the box Don't pick her up, in a bus or a Cap  She needs a black belt chauffeur and a cornice wrap You can take her to dine at the finest spot Or you take her to a disco that's really hot You can take her home and while you're all alone Don't forget to disconnect the phone You can take her to the bed, you throw back the sheets.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Dave Storrs, DJ Flash (Lee Johnson of Rappers Rapp Group) Album:  The Classic Collection Song:   Dog 'n The Wax (Ya Don't Quit II) Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com  * Ice-T's 5th single, released in 1986 but compiled on this LP in 1993 [Intro: Ice-T] Suckers step back, reacting his attack Evil E is the place, cold dogging the WAX!! [Dave Storrs] WORD!! WORD!! [Verse One: Ice-T] All punks go for your mothers, today's today I'm here to say Warriors come out and play Rhine for your lives, weak run and hide My name is Ice-T, L.A. is where I reside Fly as a bird, also awesome unheard If you bite I will take your life, best believe that's word FBI's most wanted, but them suckers can't stop Mean rapping mother, terrorizing Khadafi Few tried to match the deaf raps I wrote Dis my rhyme that's the time, razor meets your throat Born in New Jersey but raised in L.A. Streets such as hard and the player still play Far from a fag, getting paid for my brag So if you wanna come and battle bring a bodybag  Definitely deadly and that ain't no Todd --> (LL Cool J) And if you don't like what I'm saying, we can take it outside Cause ain't nothing like a squabble cause you know that's fine And if knife be your reason, then Uzi be mine  So all punks get ill cause you know I'm goner Rhymes that ignite by like a piranha Ice-T is just rocking the tracks And Evil E is in the place, just dogging the WAX!! [Chorus: DJ Flash scratches quotes below] Cold cold.. cold cold.. cold cold.. cold rocking it --------> Ice-T Cold.. cold.. cold.. cold rocking it ------> Ice-T When it.. when it.. when it.. When it's time to get ill ----> Evil E To get.. to get.. to get.. to get ill ----> Evil E [Verse Two: Ice-T] I love the ladies who were down with the Tee But what I hate and I state is a fool MC You wanna battle the Ice, you gotta be insane One step toward my repping, I inflict the pain Got so many raps, I got no place to store them Got so many damn pages, I can wallpaper the forum  Assassination, is my solution No light operation, just massive contusions Deaf dealing rhymer with a lust for blood Conflict with the Master and your name is mud I kick it up, no mercy for the fact you're brave I'll just bury your butt, then I'll spit on your grave  Laugh at your family as they stand and cry Cold smack your mother all in the eye Cause I'll never get to heaven but you know damn well I'll wear Bermuda Shorts while I'm maxing in hell So all suckers step back, reacting the death's attack Don't try to ripe me off, just talking like way smack Because I'll leave a shamble, I hustle don't gamble And I'll rock your butt blind like HBO scramble Dogging the WAX!! [Chorus: Dave Storrs] Word! this certain general, ?? Tomio, had determined  That this sounds you about to hear, will be devastating in your ear [Verse Three: Ice-T] Sharp as a razor, down as dirt Rhyme is my life, party is my work L.A. is my place, More Righteous is my base So my lyrics make sense, no words I waste Down for a duel, colder than Kool ---> (Kool Moe Dee) Chill with the brothers who built the Old School Rhyme like a rocket, smooths in the pocket Program the 8OA and just lock it Crash the Studio with my crew, twenty four tracks mixed down to two Jam hits the stores, packed kinds of floors Freaks in my hotel room by the scores This MC Ice-T, I rock the freaks to ecstasy Take them to the T-O-P and bust them out officially Never off, always on, rocking to the break of dawn Like this, like that, an emcee that's not the whack All the rappers in the game, recognize my name They write off as been lame, or get me credit for my fame I'm here to make it clear, eighty six is my year I'm the rapper you should fear and I'll have to peer Supreme MC Chief, and when I die in my belief Battle from L.A. to Rome, rock beyond the thunderdome Sound hard, know why? it is, don't try Only the top MCs will master this ability If you do, you'll find out what that misword biddly Or run that other A to me, for high speed poetry Take advice from Ice-T, leave the cuts to Evil E Get a girl, feel the bass, write correct for this funky pasta [Break: DJ Flash displaying Old School turntablizm skills] [Verse Four: Ice-T] I'm dialing M, for murdering fine emcees' heads Showing no remorse, reanimating the dead Kicking dirt in the wombs, turning a wheel in the rap I'll make you run for the hills with a streak up your back My rhymes are pigeons, stock cooler than Cold Boys always convincing, jewelry solid gold Magnified finesse at Hollywood address The perpetrator, cream maker, representing the West Avenge is my best friend, homicide is my life I write my rhymes in my book with blood on the knife Never been beaten in life, never planned to beat Either rocked two days straight before I take a breath The rhymes; memorize them like inside my head And any one who dared bite somehow ends up dead Got a license to kill, dogs refusing to chill Uncut violence is my true thrill I'm a hitman kinda sort of, suckers talk in manure With co-cold man known tactics, no man can endure Not to be mistaken, when Emcees faking All contracts issued, to Ice-T are taken, with the multitude routes You have no chance to shout With the silencer of a ninja, your lights are out Girls cry to sight, some in Latin fight For the posal positions at my jam each night The player from L.A. cooler than any Jay --> (LL Cool J) My name is Ice-T, I make the Mafia Pay Dogging the wax!! [Outro: DJ Flash] Not bad y'all!! Not bad at all!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album:  The Classic Collection Song:   Iceapella (Dissing LL Cool J) Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * Ice-T's 5th single, released in 1986 but compiled on this LP in 1993 [Intro: Ice-T] Suckers step back, reacting his attack Evil E is the place, cold dogging the WAX!! [Verse One: Ice-T] All punks go for your mothers, today's today I'm here to say Warriors come out and play Rhine for your lives, weak run and hide My name is Ice-T, L.A. is where I reside Fly as a bird, also awesome unheard If you bite I will take your life best believe that's word FBI's most wanted, but them suckers can't stop Mean rapping mother, terrorizing Khadafi Few tried to match the deaf raps I wrote Dis my rhyme that's the time; razor meets your throat Born in New Jersey but raised in L.A. Streets such as hard and the player still play Far from a fag, getting paid for my brag So if you wanna come and battle bring a bodybag  Definitely deadly and that ain't no Todd --> (LL Cool J) And if you don't like what I'm saying, we can take it outside Cause ain't nothing like a squabble cause you know that's fine And if knife be your reason, then Uzi be mine  So all punks get ill cause you know I'm goner Rhymes that ignite by like a piranha Ice-T is just rocking the tracks And Evil E is in the place, just dogging the WAX!! [Verse Two: Ice-T] I love the ladies who were down with the Tee But what I hate and I state is a fool MC You wanna battle the Ice, you gotta be insane One step toward my repping, I inflict the pain Got so many raps, I got no place to store them Got so many damn pages, I can wallpaper the forum  Assassination, is my solution No light operation, just massive contusions Deaf dealing rhymer with a lust for blood Conflict with the Master and your name is mud I kick it up, no mercy for the fact you're brave I'll just bury your butt, then I'll spit on your grave  Laugh at your family as they stand and cry Cold smack your mother all in the eye Cause I'll never get to heaven but you know damn well I'll wear Bermuda Shorts while I'm maxing in hell So all suckers step back, reacting the death's attack Don't try to ripe me off, just talking like way smack Because I'll leave a shamble, I hustle don't gamble And I'll rock your butt blind like HBO scramble Dogging the WAX!! [Verse Three: Ice-T] Sharp as a razor, down as dirt Rhyme is my life, party is my work L.A. is my place, More Righteous is my base So my lyrics make sense, no words I waste Down for a duel, colder than Kool ---> (Kool Moe Dee) Chill with the brothers who built the Old School Rhyme like a rocket, smooths in the pocket Program the 8OA and just lock it Crash the Studio with my crew, twenty four tracks mixed down to two Jam hits the stores, packed kinds of floors Freaks in my hotel room by the scores This MC Ice-T, I rock the freaks to ecstasy Take them to the T-O-P and bust them out officially Never off, always on, rocking to the break of dawn Like this, like that, an emcee that's not the whack All the rappers in the game, recognize my name They write off as been lame, or get me credit for my fame I'm here to make it clear, eighty six is my year I'm the rapper you should fear and I'll have to peer Supreme MC Chief, and when I die in my belief Battle from L.A. to Rome, rock beyond the thunderdome Sound hard, know why? it is, don't try Only the top MCs will master this ability If you do, you'll find out what that misword biddly Or run that other A to me, for high speed poetry Take advice from Ice-T, leave the cuts to Evil E Get a girl, feel the bass, write correct for this funky pasta [Verse Four: Ice-T] I'm dialing M, for murdering fine emcees' heads Showing no remorse, reanimating the dead Kicking dirt in the wombs, turning a wheel in the rap I'll make you run for the hills with a streak up your back My rhymes are pigeons, stock cooler than Cold Boys always convincing, jewelry solid gold Magnified finesse at Hollywood address The perpetrator, cream maker, representing the West Avenge is my best friend, homicide is my life I write my rhymes in my book with blood on the knife Never been beaten in life, never planned to beat Either rocked two days straight before I take a breath The rhymes; memorize them like inside my head And any one who dared bite somehow ends up dead Got a license to kill, dogs refusing to chill Uncut violence is my true thrill I'm a hitman kinda sort of, suckers talk in manure With co-cold man known tactics, no man can endure Not to be mistaken, when Emcees faking All contracts issued, to Ice-T are taken, with the multitude routes You have no chance to shout With the silencer of a ninja, your lights are out Girls cry to sight, some in Latin fight For the posal positions at my jam each night The player from L.A. cooler than any Jay --> (LL Cool J) My name is Ice-T, I make the Mafia Pay Dogging the wax!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album:  The Classic Collection Song:   Ice-O-Tek Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com  * Recorded from 1983-1986 for various indie labels but compiled on this LP in 1993 [Intro: Ice-T] T is dogging the WAX!!  Word!! Word!! [Verse One: Ice-T] My name is Ice-T!!  My name is Ice-T!! Bass!! Bass!! Word!! Word!! Word!!  Dogging the WAX!!  Rock it then, cool!! [Techno Music Break for: 30 seconds] [Verse Two: Ice-T] My name is Ice-T!! My name is Ice-T!! Bass.. bass.. Girls feel the bass rock Rock it then!! Rock it then! Rock it then!! Rock it then!! Rock it then! Rock it then!! Rock it then!! Rock it then!! T is dogging the WAX!!   Word!! Word!! [Techno Music Break for: 50 seconds] [Verse Three: Ice-T] Bass.. bass.. Girls feel the bass rock Rock it then!! Rock it then!! Rock it then!! Rock it then!! Word!! Word!! My name is Ice-T!!  My name is Ice-T!! Bass.. bass.. Girls feel the bass rock Dogging the WAX!! Dogging the WAX!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Born Dead Song: Body Motherfucking Count Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Police Radio codes played on] Sixteen eighty six Hundred.. .. Ninety in your face.. before 7:00 Am The suspect finna become at 1399s .. felony uhh.. they notify uhh.. a problem The suspect finna become at 1399s (*Sample of L.A.P.D sirens*) [Ice-T] Body Count, Body Motherfucking Count!! Body Count, Body Motherfucking Count!! Body Count, Body Motherfucking Count!! Body Count, Body Motherfucking Count!! [Ernie-C] Body Count, Body Motherfucking Count!! Body Count, Body Motherfucking Count!! Body Count, Body Motherfucking Count!! Body Count, Body Motherfucking Count!! [Break: Police Radio codes continued on] (*Sample of L.A.P.D sirens*) [Ice-T] Body Count, Body Motherfucking Count!! Body Count, Body Motherfucking Count!! Body Count, Body Motherfucking Count!! Body Count, Body Motherfucking Count!! [Ernie-C] Body Count, Body Motherfucking Count!! Body Count, Body Motherfucking Count!! Body Count, Body Motherfucking Count!! Body Count, Body Motherfucking Count!! (*Sample of L.A.P.D sirens*) [Outro: Police Radio codes continued until faded] We're expecting victim.. 1339 Unit in 637.. Over.. I can't believe that A-D-T-F worked in.. Y-C-F-F-A on my good city, showed me in route to my caller box.. 6826 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Born Dead Song: Masters of Revenge Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Ice-T] 1994 BC Rise [Chorus:Ice-T ] Masters of Revenge, masters of Payback Inciters of Chaos, messengers of Rage [Ice-T] All we wanna do to you, is what you did to us All we wanna take from you, is what you stole from us Masters of Revenge, masters of Payback Inciters of Chaos, messengers of Rage [Chorus:] Body Count, Body Count Body Count, Body Count [Ice-T] You can't kill us, we're already dead You can't kill the truth, you're already dead Masters of Revenge, masters of Payback Inciters of Chaos, messengers of Rage [Chorus: Ice-T] Body Count, Body Count Body Count, Body Count [Ice-T] You took my past, I want your future You took my parents, we want your children Masters of Revenge, masters of Payback Inciters of Chaos, messengers of Rage [Chorus: Ice-T] Body Count, Body Count Body Count, Body Count [Ice-T] There can never be justice, on stolen land There's nowhere to run, you can't escape fate Masters of Revenge, masters of Payback Inciters of Chaos, messengers of Rage [Chorus: Ice-T] Body Count, Body Count Body Count, Body Count [Outro: Ice-T] Ha HA HA HHHHAAAAAAA! Ha HA HA HHHHAAAAAAA!!! YEAH!!! PAYBACK MOTHERFUCKERS!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Born Bead Song: Killing Floor Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Unidentified Artist] Ice can't fall, Ice keep on ball And he who doesn't know will get involved Last hope for the whitey folks Ice came cursed, last hope for the whitey guy Ice can't die [Ice-T] No!! Help It's the killing floor, killing floor Yeah Ah Killing floor No Killing floor Ah Killing floor Body Count motherfuckers The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Born Dead Song: Necessary Evil Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Intro: Ice-T] Necessary evil [Ice-T] Look outside my window, I still see a fucked up world Waking up to helicopter and car alarms Does this happen where you live? Gunshots sound in my mind I don't flinch anymore, when I see niggaz in my hood They're holding their dicks tight [Ice-T] Yo, fuck my landlord I'm a step away from clearing this shotgun To erase the problem Does this happen where you live? Just had Steak and Lobster last night Now I gotta rob a Liquor Store But it seems so normal Because it's necessary evil [Ernie C] Car hit my dog, babies die Raped in a stairwell, cop killed a little girl Armed robbery, shooter of a drive-by Smoking Cain, selling joints in junior High Head from a minor, sex with animals Butt hole surfers, a fucked up rehearsal Lost pawn ticket, wrecked my father's car Can't pay my school loan, major Jack Move Holy underwear, stuck in the pen' Forced in a gang, plain wrapped food Fucked up presidents, sleeping through trash day Hit a police car, getting laid off Gotta pay Taxes, gridlock traffic Jealous motherfuckers, bitch tried to do me HIT AND RUN!! I GOT A FAT BITCH PREGNANT!!  [Ice-T] Necessary evil [Ice-T] Little white kid with a Kool-Aid smile Training wheels on his bike  Thought he called me a nigga Pushed that little bastard in traffic so graphic He was holding his bike tight He was a victim of fucked up explaining An American example of fucked training When the fucking bus connected, he flew like Knievel It was just necessary evil [Ernie C] Car hit my dog, babies die Raped in a stairwell, cop killed a little girl Armed robbery, shooter of a drive-by Smoking Cain, selling joints in junior High Head from a minor, sex with animals Butt hole surfers, a fucked up rehearsal Lost pawn ticket, wrecked my father's car Can't pay my school loan, major Jack Move Holy underwear, stuck in the pen' Forced in a gang, plain wrapped food Fucked up presidents, sleeping through trash day Hit a police car, getting laid off Gotta pay Taxes, gridlock traffic Jealous motherfuckers, bitch tried to do me HIT AND RUN!! I GOT A FAT BITCH PREGNANT!!  [Outro: Ice-T] NECESSARY EVIL!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Born Dead Song: Drive By  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Ice-T] You killed my fucking BROTHER!! You killed my fucking BROTHER!! You killed my fucking BROTHER!! You killed my fucking BROTHER!! Payback motherfucker 1 - 8 - 7 nigga Wayback motherfucker Watch me pull this fucking trigger REVENGE!! REVENGE!!  REVENGE!! REVENGE!! [Break:] [Ice-T] You killed my fucking BROTHER!! You killed my fucking BROTHER!! You killed my fucking BROTHER!! You killed my fucking BROTHER!! Payback motherfucker 1 - 8 - 7 nigga Payback motherfucker Watch me pull this fucking trigger REVENGE!! REVENGE!!  REVENGE!! REVENGE!! [Outro: Ice-T] Drive-by (*Gun Shot*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Born Dead Song: Last Breath Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Intro: Ice-T] Oooooohhh am I dreaming? Oooooohhh am I dreaming? Am I alone? Oooooohhh am I dreaming? Am I alone? [Verse One: Ice-T] Yeah I like to wait 'til late night, til you motherfuckers sleep I crawl in through your window, and I motherfucking creep I catch you little punk ass kids asleep in your beds And I take out my knife and I cut off your motherfucking heads I want your last breath I want your last breath [Interlude: Ice-T] You're not dreaming, you're not alone You're not dreaming, you're not alone Ha HA HA HHHHAAAAAAA! ~ Ha HA HA HHHHAAAAAAA!!! OHHHHHHHH, I want your last breath Your last breath, your last breath I want your last breath [Verse Two: Ice-T] So you go to downstairs to see if everything is alright You're afraid, you're alone and it's late on a rainy night Are you asleep or awake? you don't know as you turn around And my rusty blade cuts you open, let you hit the ground I want your last breath I want your last breath [Outro: Ice-T] You're not dreaming, you're not alone You're not dreaming, you're not alone Ha HA HA HHHHAAAAAAA! ~ Ha HA HA HHHHAAAAAAA!!! OHHHHHHHH, I want your last breath Your last breath, your last breath I want your last breath You're not dreaming The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count f/ Jimmy Hendrix Album: Born Dead Song: Hey Joe  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Jimmy Hendrix] Hey Joe, where you going with that gun in your hand? Hey Joe, where you going with that gun in your hand? [Ice-T] Going out to shoot my old lady You know, I caught her messing around with another man Going out shooting my old lady You know, I caught her messing around with another man That ain't too good [Ice-T] Hey Joe, heard you shot your woman down Hey Joe, heard you shot your old lady down Yes I did, I shot her You know, I caught that girl messing around town Yes I did, I shot her You know, I caught that girl messing around town I took out my gun, then I shot her (*Eddie Kramer Played a 38 seconds of Electronic guitar*) [Ice-T] I SHOT HER!! [Ice-T] Hey Joe, where you gonna run to now? Hey Joe, where you gonna run to now? Where you gonna go? Going way down South, way down to Mexico Way Going way down South, way down where I can be free Ain't no hangman gonna.. get a rope around me Ain't no hangman gonna.. get a rope around me Til I'm gone (*Eddie Kramer Played his Electronic guitar until faded*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Born Dead Song: Shallow Graves Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Intro/Chorus: Ice-T & (D-Roc)] You give me for honor (GRAVES!!) Where your soldiers lay (GRAVES!!) They're so far away (GRAVES!!) The home of the brave  [Hook: Ice-T] I won't die in your bullshit wars no more  (*Multiple shots by an Automatic Machine Gun*) I won't fight to my death for you I won't watch my poor mamma cry no more Motherfuck your red, white and blue [Chorus: Ice-T & (D-Roc)] You give me for honor (GRAVES!!) Where your soldiers lay (GRAVES!!) They're so far away (GRAVES!!) The home of the brave  [Verse One: Ice-T] Thousands of men go to war  To fight for old politics which they don't understand Murder people who they never met When they make it home they're considered a vet Fire drops from the sky as the young boys die Far from home, all alone, it's a sin All you're getting return in is a shit shallow grave Cause in war, there's no way you can win [Verse Two: Ice-T] Am I ye.. yell right? - You think they give a fuck You're just pawns in the game off the board Brainwashed to the point where you kill at the drop of a dime But it's not called a crime Vietnam, Persian Gulf, did we win? did we lose? Thousands die, human beings you choose Once you're in, you are owned by the man Uncle Sam is his name, you're enslaved, Shallow graves!! [Chorus: Ice-T & (D-Roc)] You give me for honor (GRAVES!!) Where your soldiers lay (GRAVES!!) They're so far away (GRAVES!!) The home of the brave  [Hook: Ice-T] I won't die in your bullshit wars no more (*Multiple shots by an Automatic Machine Gun*) I won't fight to my death for you I won't watch my poor mamma cry no more Motherfuck your red, white and blue You give me for honor (*Echoed*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count  Album: Born Dead Song: Surviving the Game Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Intro: Ice-T] YEAH!! ~ YEAH!! MURDER!! ~ DIE!! [Ice-T] As I search to analyze reality The true meaning of life Our simple existence means nothing God has a gun, the truth; life is a slow noose He's invincible, better watch his knife There is no escape from the slow kill When it's time to go, God serves the death blow You have no choice, don't even try The only choice is SUICIDE!! [Chorus: Ice-T] Surviving the game, surviving the game! Surviving the game, surviving the game! Surviving the game, surviving the game! SURVIVING THE GAAAMMMEE!!! [Break: Ice-T] No escape, no escape, no escape No one's ever escaped! No escape, no escape, no escape DIE!! [Ice-T] As I search to analyze reality The true meaning of life Our simple existence means nothing God has a gun, the truth; life is a slow noose He's unmerciful, better watch his knife There is no escape from the slow kill When it's time to go, God serves the death blow You have no choice, don't even try The only choice is SUICIDE!! [Chorus: Ice-T] Surviving the game, surviving the game! Surviving the game, surviving the game! Surviving the game, SURVIVING THE GAAAMMMEE!!! Surviving the game! [Outro: Ice-T] You came right from death The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Born Dead Song: Who Are You? Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Intro: Ice-T] YEAH!! [Verse One: Ice-T] You say that I hang out all night, that's okay Cause you drink all motherfucking day You come home, hit moms, smack mom, beat mam Raise another brew to your face with you swollen palm Then you come in my room talking crazy shit Saying I'm high, I'm on dope, and I better quit Motherfucker, if I was high, you would die Hit my moms once more, and it's bye-bye [Chorus:] [Ice-T:-] Who are you trying to judge me? [Ernie-C] GET THE FUCK OUT MY FACE!! [Ice-T:-] Who put you so above me? [Ernie-C] CLEAR THE FUCK OUT MY SPACE!! [Ice-T:-] Who are you trying to judge me? [Ernie-C] GET THE FUCK OUT MY FACE!! [Ice-T:-] Who put you so above me? [Verse Two: Ice-T] You say that I want sex all the time That's all that seems to be on my motherfucking mind Well that's right, I want sex every minute Every hour of the day, of the week, all the motherfucking time But hold up, who are you trying to talk shit? You'll hit your knees, sucking dick with a quickness In the park, the dark, the car, the grass, licking nuts Sucking butt, with your tongue up my fucking ass [Chorus:] [Ice-T:-] Who are you trying to judge me? [Ernie-C] GET THE FUCK OUT MY FACE!! [Ice-T:-] Who put you so above me? [Ernie-C] CLEAR THE FUCK OUT MY SPACE!! [Ice-T:-] Who are you trying to judge me? [Ernie-C] GET THE FUCK OUT MY FACE!! [Ice-T:-] Who put you so above me? [Hook: Ice-T] GET THE FUCK OUT MY FACE!! GET THE FUCK OUT MY FACE!! GET THE FUCK OUT MY FACE!! GET THE FUCK OUT MY FACE!! YEAH!! [Chorus:]  * Ernie-C played a 26 seconds of electronic guitar [Chorus:] [Outro: Ice-T] You need to stay the fuck out my face Stay the fuck out my Goddamn face! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Born Dead Song: Street Lobotomy Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Intro: D-Roc, Ernie C] DRUGS!! LIQUOR!! DRUGS!! DRUGS!! LIQUOR!! DRUGS!! DRUGS!! LIQUOR!! DRUGS!! DRUGS!! LIQUOR!! DRUGS!! [Verse One: Ice-T] I love to smoke crack I love to shoot smack I love to fucking drink I love my smoke when it stinks I need it in my veins I need it in my brain What has it done to me? Street lobotomy [Chorus: D-Roc, Ernie C] MY BRAIN - MELTED - DOWN!! BRAIN - MELTED - DOWN - LOBOTOMY!! [Ice-T] I need some more dope man Yeah, you got any acid dude? Got any ludes? ~ shit!! [Chorus: D-Roc, Ernie C] MY BRAIN - MELTED - DOWN!! BRAIN - MELTED - DOWN - LOBOTOMY!! [Hook: D-Roc, Ernie C] DRUGS!! LIQUOR!! DRUGS!! DRUGS!! LIQUOR!! DRUGS!! DRUGS!! LIQUOR!! DRUGS!! DRUGS!! LIQUOR!! DRUGS!! [Verse Two: Ice-T] I love to do blow That's the way to go You got some PCP? How about some LSD? I'm having lots of fun I might as well use a gun Don't even ask me why Maybe I wanna die [Chorus: D-Roc, Ernie C] MY BRAIN - MELTED - DOWN!! BRAIN - MELTED - DOWN - LOBOTOMY!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count Album: Born Dead Song: Born Dead Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Ice-T] 1994, Body Count still in the house  They did everything they could do to take us out But like any good monster that just made us stronger You see, they don't like us and they don't like you The Body Count fans Cause they know we stand for three things: Truth, Justice and fuck the American Way That word justice got me fucked up though Twenty cops in the street, and two go to jail Thousands of people died in wars overseas and it's justice? You think they give a fuck about us? You're a fool [Verse One: Ice-T] Born yellow, born brown, born red Born black, BORN DEAD!! DEAD!! DEAD!! DEAD!! BORN DEAD!! BORN DEAD!! HA HA HA!! WE'RE BORN DEAD!! Born Asian, born Jewish, born Latino Born poor, BORN DEAD!! DEAD!! DEAD!! DEAD!! BORN DEAD!! BORN DEAD!! HA HA HA!! WE'RE BORN DEAD!! But you don't hear me though [Break: quotes from the American's Media] ..Any thing is going to confuse us.. ..Any thing is going to confuse us.. DEAD!! USA military officials said.. Iraqi official said.. USA military officials say.. Iraqi official said.. [Hook: Ice-T] DEAD!! DEAD!! YOU'RE DEAD!! New York (YOU'RE DEAD!!) Atlanta (YOU'RE DEAD!!) Chicago (YOU'RE DEAD!!)  Oakland (YOU'RE DEAD!!) Miami (YOU'RE DEAD!!) Detroit (YOU'RE DEAD!!) [Interlude: Ice-T] Every day I gotta get up out my motherfucking bed Put on my motherfucking gun down in my motherfucking pants Cause motherfuckers out here is tripping How the fuck is you gonna get up every morning; Trying to worry about if you gonna make it to the next evening? Do you understand? Sometimes we take for granted The little things like food, like freedom [Outro: Ice-T] Born in Somalia, born in South America Born in South Africa, born in South Central BORN DEAD!! DEAD!! DEAD!! DEAD!! BORN DEAD!! BORN DEAD!! HA HA HA!! WE'RE BORN DEAD!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Return of the Real Promotional CD Song: File #143 Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Brian:] Doctor, can you pull off an old case for me? [Doctor] I need the file number? [Brian:] It's file number 143 [Doctor] 143, it says here, patient was a musician Uhh.. tried to work with his.. community leaders, bomb Force mate.. and records label And.. aight.. says the people turned on [Brian:] Yeah, well there's body popping up all over the city! [Doctor] Well, it also says, he is running through extreme violence As well as uhh.. Radical in a rational noose swings. [Brian:] How would you uhh.. recommend we apprehend the subject type this time? [Doctor] Well if it was me, I would just stayed the hell out of his way And this guy is fucking crazy, I mean uhh.. you don't have to genius to see that he is snapped [Voice:] Excuse me detective Brian, to the phone call Line One [Brian:] Thanks! [Brian:] Brian here! Awww FUCK! he just killed again! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Return of the Real Promotional CD Song: To Live and Die in L.A. Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro/Chorus: Ice-T] Ain't nobody is safe when the streets get dark To Live And Die In L.A. Ain't nobody is safe when the streets get dark The habitat of the ill motherfuckers Ain't nobody is safe when the streets get dark To Live And Die In L.A. Ain't nobody is safe when the streets get dark [Verse One: Ice-T] It happens late night, every night my niggaz get trife We roam the streets out for cash flow, might take your life Throw a gun in your face quick, make you run your whole grip If you give us drama, yo, we'll empty the full clip Bullet holes and blood runs down the drain pipe Gunshot, buckshot, ain't going out without a fight But it's too late, you stayed out too late Now, you're doing deep swallowing when you got a car following you.. (DAMN!!) Your crew left you at the club, now you're all alone Wishing you had've brought your chrome Punch your ride and made it home But that night you got lucky to live Many niggaz in the river with the bodies like Sive She gets shot up, if you caught up, the out tripping Needed to take your ass home cause mad niggaz keep tripping (YAH!) But some niggaz won't listen and play And won't live to see the next day [Chorus: Ice-T] Ain't nobody is safe when the streets get dark (Westside Nigga!) To Live And Die In L.A. Ain't nobody is safe when the streets get dark (Yo, What's up?!) The habitat of the ill motherfuckers Ain't nobody is safe when the streets get dark (Yo nigga, where you from?) To Live And Die In L.A. Ain't nobody is safe when the streets get dark (Yeah!) [Verse Two: Ice-T] Slip up and get your motherfucking back blown out By the nigga in them fresh K-Swiss no doubt Mad jewels around my neck, oh yes, I cluck respect I'm hitting switches in my four-door cause I crack my bet And now I'm.. cold looking for my nigga til yet took him off Your fake and fronting; moves you too soft To go head up with the real OG, I'll make you pee You shiver like a little bitch, if you're standing next to me I love rocking through this dark ass base As my boys robbed the party then we're out the place Incase somebody else slipping, tripping Creep up on their ass then I cold slab slide the clip in And pull the Hummer back, watch them react Then they run tell their mama, yo, they just got jacked This ain't the kind that seemed you wanna be him So roll with your windows up on your B.M. Cause if I crossed your path you'll get got L.A.P.D wanna sponsor me for Ambulance cots Cause I'm the mad wreck catcher, my brain is on twister Fucking shrink hit the V.P. then he snatched his wrist [Chorus: Ice-T] Ain't nobody is safe when the streets get dark (Eastside, Nigga!) To Live And Die In L.A. Ain't nobody is safe when the streets get dark The habitat of the ill motherfuckers Ain't nobody is safe when the streets get dark (Yo, Fuck that nigga, what's up?) To Live And Die In L.A. Ain't nobody is safe when the streets get dark [Verse Three: Ice-T] Look deep into your animus fears, and you'll find the yellow nigga in black Dressed like the devil to sign me True Power, I got my pop in straps I gangbang and then the ?? be fuck with this and thats But now it's drama and harmer, side with my enemy Should loose, you lost, nigga you're dead, no head I break bones and bruise, I only miss when I misuse A punk like your bitch-ass self can get killed Fuck-buck around, you'll get bagged up Cause I'ma G from South Central and I'm blue ragged up But I got mad love for the Bloods If you said you're my relative, I'll say you're my Cous' No beef; I'm down to smoke white sheets And turn the gangster into the Army that protects the streets But sucker niggaz wanna test my heart If you stepped deeper into my cipher and you're blown apart No remains just bones and veins And if you did do a escape, I use the crunches and canes I'm nocturnal, I stalk the streets With my niggaz on the corner, checking loot of beats [Chorus: Ice-T with minor variations] Ain't nobody is safe when the streets get dark The habitat of the ill motherfuckers Ain't nobody is safe when the streets get dark (Syndicate Nigga!) To Live And Die In L.A. Ain't nobody is safe when the streets get dark The habitat of the ill motherfuckers Ain't nobody is safe when the streets get dark (You're getting jacked motherfucker!) [Outro: Ice-T] You'll Live And Die In L.A. You'll Live And Die In L.A. To Live And Die In L.A. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ L.P. Album: Return of the Real Promotional CD Song: Groups of Ghetto Bastards Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Quotes from Wu-Tang Clan - Bring Da Ruckus] I roll with groups of ghetto bastards ---------> Inspectah Deck I roll with groups of ghetto bastards ---------> Inspectah Deck I roll with groups of ghetto bastards ---------> Inspectah Deck I roll with groups of ghetto bastards ---------> Inspectah Deck [Verse One: L.P.] Since the days of an embryo, I knew something wasn't Cooperstetic Premature, and mamas was a diabetic The Paramedics gave her the statics; to stop her screaming Not even borned, already dreaming Fiending for the outside, but damn they didn't make it Pops broke out, cause mama is pregnant, he couldn't take it (NO!) I wiggled my way out through somehow Six weeks in the oxygen mask, suffering succotash Outcast by the rest, but I don't give a fuck Barely in the sixth grade, already fucking up In school, on the streets, nine strapped for the enemy Rolling with a group of ghetto bastards as bad as me That's how I hung out, got sprung out on a Four old bottle Tape deck, Snoop Doggy Dogg became my new Role Model Slang for the hustle, bang for the group Born to be wild, now let me tell you what I do [Chorus: Quotes from Wu-Tang Clan - Bring Da Ruckus] I roll with groups of ghetto bastards ---------> Inspectah Deck I roll with groups of ghetto bastards ---------> Inspectah Deck I roll with groups of ghetto bastards ---------> Inspectah Deck I roll with groups of ghetto bastards ---------> Inspectah Deck [Verse Two: Ice-T] Niggaz I be rolling with don't care about much Niggaz I be rolling with be quick to loose touch They'll cut you up in a second, out reckoned, they got no chain And grown up with mams, but no dads for explain And so they tamed to the street and learnt to eat raw meet Live the night, life is strife, and quick to kill with the knife Before gun uhh.. that shit don't matter to them nothing Sometimes they roll out; for drama and the gun blazes fun So.. jack me, nigga and I'll jack you back I got an Army full of niggaz high of Chronic and gnac And they're all Street down, love to beat down A sucker talking out their neck and made me lick to catch wreck They got warrants, parole tales, some jumped bails I even got a couple of niggaz straight escaped from jail But they're motherfucking niggaz and I love them to death And they're ones that come to see you, when you play me left [Chorus: Quotes from Wu-Tang Clan - Bring Da Ruckus] I roll with groups of ghetto bastards ---------> Inspectah Deck Them niggaz checking raper, regulating in the dark -----> Ice-T I roll with groups of ghetto bastards ---------> Inspectah Deck [Verse Three: L.P.] Now when it comes to rolling solo, I don't give a damn Cause any time; I'm with my boys I be the trigger man Understand - for what it's worth, that I live hell on earth Shotgun out of the stick hood, I've never learnt to surf It was just me and my homies from the springs to the winters Ending out the Juvenile Hall, detention sinners Doing shit, ain't got no business doing Til we left the GTAs, plus evading cops pursuing Never had a chance to have a real male figure Nineteen year old Bad-ass little nigga No one to help me but that demon on my shoulder Keeping me high, got me shadowboxing boulders (UHH!) Fists pour blood, tears roll in the cheeks Mad cause I've never had a real family Back to reality though, my boys be my real peeps (Yeah!) So niggaz watch that ass, cause when I rolls, I rolls deep And uhh.. [Chorus: Quotes from Wu-Tang Clan - Bring Da Ruckus] I roll with groups of ghetto bastards ---------> Inspectah Deck I roll with groups of ghetto bastards ---------> Inspectah Deck [Verse Four: Ice-T] When I was young I used to watch shows like 'Leave It to Beaver' Wily, Freddie and Haskell, Miss Cleaver I've looked around my environment though And didn't see a motherfucking thing that looked near like that show (SHIT!) Shit, my moms was dead, my pops was soon to die And even though, I loved them dearly, yo, I did not cry I stayed strong, and I fought from the bottom to the top with my posse Now, a nigga is looking dope, fly, flossy Rolex blinded niggaz from my fart Fifty foot boat, fifteen cars And may you make a mistake and step wrong, well nigga you won't live long Cause all of my niggaz are known to catch wreck with chromes Straight from South Central, fool, we ain't from Compton Now, I'm high on that hill, I got my crew's ears popping My same niggaz and they ain't no Marks Them nigga checking paper, regulating in the dark [Chorus: Quotes from Wu-Tang Clan - Bring Da Ruckus] I roll with groups of ghetto bastards ---------> Inspectah Deck I roll with groups of ghetto bastards ---------> Inspectah Deck I roll with groups of ghetto bastards ---------> Inspectah Deck I roll with groups of ghetto bastards ---------> Inspectah Deck The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Powerlord JEL (Rhyme Poetic Mafia) Album: Return of the Real Promotional CD Song: Press Your Luck Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Ice-T] Yeah, got my nigga J-E-L, Rhyme Poetic Mafia in the house Tired of all niggaz mad-dogging like you might wanna do something Yeah, I'm right here nigga, Come On! [Verse One: Powerlord JEL] Can you deal with my game when I pull your card? It's Do or Die motherfucker, now let's credit discards Cause my Trey-Five-Seven take out your chest And if you don't sport a vest then you'll die like the rest Cause you can't compete, with the Goddamn street Cause the man that wants something, is the one that speaks So don't press your luck, man don't push me to the max Cause after that, then you was a goner black It only takes one twitch, of my itchy twinger finger And out comes the reaper; in the low time sneakers I'll snick you, just to piss on your grave Now raiding brave, but no one can save Just the Mexican homes ask to play with debt Now if you wanna trip, you can place that bet But I'll make you regret the lifestyle you picked Cause the style that you picked, wasn't worked jack-shit! [Interlude #1: Powerlord JEL] If you're feeling lucky, duck and press your luck! Make your move motherfucker, Come On! If you're feeling lucky, duck and press your luck! What you're waiting on fool? - Come On! If you're feeling lucky, duck and press your luck! I'm right here little fucker, Come On! If you're feeling lucky, duck and press your luck! [Verse Two: Ice-T] You hop skip it, but if you flipped you'll die I don't play kid, nigga don't trip, don't try Don't even think about maneuver and that take me out You'll come up missing motherfucker, you're lost one route It gets dark in your head, and your chest dump wet You roll the Ice on your dice and you're lost your bet Bad mood, you should've been thinking about the niggaz sleeping in shallow graves Bodies stinking cause I kept bad wreck on those who disrespect No bodyguard, no Kell-bark, believe it I don't like it when you look in my face like that Like owe the nigga something, better ease on back Why? - you wanna mess with the buckwild or stick with me You'll get toe tagged G, of tocsin A big balling nigga bringing drama fool You ain't learnt yet, then bring your ass to school [Interlude #2: Ice-T] If you're feeling lucky, duck and press your luck! What you're waiting on nigga? - Come On! If you're feeling lucky, duck and press your luck! Make your move motherfucker, Come On! If you're feeling lucky, duck and press your luck! What you're waiting on kid? - Come On! If you're feeling lucky, duck and press your luck! [Verse Three: Powerlord JEL] Enter the darkness, with the most idiotest man That planned to have his days when the West was slammed Cause ain't.. no style wicked like the one I got And there ain't nobody deader than the ones I shot In the alley, on the block, on the stage with Tee But when you see, you ain't nothing to criticize me Cause the Mexicans had it, now I'm feeling the vibe And now I'm dropping on murder and I lam with their tribes Cause they're fucking with my funk, that puts them in the trunk Right next to the punks, and another stiff chunk Cause they talk so swift, like snakes I can't trust them I rather hit them up, snap back, and go bust them With all of Locs, cause one number just wrong But if you're just a little bitch, how can you go on? I couldn't live with the fact, I couldn't freak a track Cold intimidate the fools that call on my back Cause they're cruising for a bruising; if they flex again Plus, I know they can't handle the Mexican, Yeah! [Interlude #3: Powerlord JEL] If you're feeling lucky, duck and press your luck! Make your move motherfucker, Come On! If you're feeling lucky, duck and press your luck! What you're waiting on fool? - Come On! If you're feeling lucky, duck and press your luck! I'm right here motherfucker, Come On! If you're feeling lucky, duck and press your luck! [Verse Four: Ice-T] Don't step because I will open your head A hot dump to your chest, now your back is all red I told you if you move, you will regret it Now you're looking up at the bloody paramedic You fucked that up, my .45 is in my waist Just incase, some buster stepped out of his motherfucking face All night, I just kicked it in the corner Niggaz rolled up, tripping (*POP!*) goners Bag them up, sew them up, freeze them Another mother cries out for no apparent reason But the streets ain't nice, to tell the truth, they're whack I hit some brothers with the Peace Sign, they mad-dog back Yo, they see me on a TV Show They heard I keep out fat role and they want my goal So I.. locked in on the eyes of a leader Fell my heart beat rise, as he moved for his heater But the nigga never pulled as fine Cause I already had that Hummer back on mine (YEAH!) [Interlude #4: Ice-T] If you're feeling lucky, duck and press your luck! Make your move bitch, Come On! If you're feeling lucky, duck and press your luck! What you're waiting on punk? - Come On! If you're feeling lucky, duck and press your luck! I'm right here motherfucker, Come On! If you're feeling lucky, duck and press your luck! [Outro: Ice-T] Press your luck! If you're feeling lucky, duck and press your luck! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ L.P. Album: Return of the Real Promotional CD Song: Down With Us Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro:] [Ice-T] Awww! Yeah [L.P.-] Yeah [Ice-T] Uhha [L.P.-] We're gonna do it like this y'all, is down with us [Ice-T] Umhhmm [L.P.-] Is down with us, is down with us, is down with us [Ice-T] Let's do that shit L.P. [Verse One: L.P.] It goes off one for your daddy, two for your mama Three counts from the gat, now save all up that drama I'm uhh.. not that fool you wanna fuck with I love it, when a nigga talk much shit I stay lit-fully equipped like that soldier in the jungle I might tumble when I rumble, but I won't fumble Crumble fools up like bricks Reload the Uzi, blow a fool in bits (POW!) Cause it's that loony, toony, fool from the Boonies I ain't going back to that big patted room, G So if it's on, let's get it started I'm not Juvie raper, but when I fight I get retarded Death due too, you asked whose this fool be and I tell ya More juiced than Rock-a-fella, when I roll I'm a-capella I'm that nigga, that negro, call me what you want Ain't no Ifs, Ands and Maybes when I'm opening the trunk I plug, buck to get fuck, what the mother fuck? No matter if you duck, get shit out of luck Cause I got these kids who got friends; and clown with us But not too many niggaz is down with us [Interlude: L.P.] Hen-G - Is down with us! Evil E - Is down with us! (UHHA!) God Father - Is down with us! The Rest of you niggaz, can get these Nuts! South Central Cartel - Is down with us! Rhyme Poetic Mafia - Is down with us! Tha Alkaholiks - Is down with us! [Verse Two: Ice-T] Time to check the Mic and make the VUs lean Evil E be breaking beats as I checks the green Mad blows and ankles, Ice sews plaques to scripts Sucker niggaz say they know me, but don't know jack-shit Down with Ferrikhan and the Gods in earth Represent for Zulu Nation since my Hip-Hop birth Don't hate white people, cause I deal with facts All my dead homies got smoked by blacks When I'm in the hood, I walk the streets alone If I needed Bodyguards, I'll keep my punk ass home Wash my ass with zest, don't usually use cologne But if I ever put it on, that means I'm out to blow UHH! - my habitat is bass and drums Rhyme too hard for many, too soft for some The real niggaz is always here And give the brother mad props, half mill' a year (RIGHT!) When I hit the streets, I wear my Fila® light Gear Drink the great Snapple®, don't fuck with bear (UH-UH!) In the club; I never talk that much (HOWCOME?!) Cause not too many niggaz, is down with us [Interlude: Ice-T] Funky Gripsta - Is down with us! Wrecked Dialect - Is down with us! The Body Snatchers - Is down with us! The Rest of you niggaz, can get these Nuts! Gangsta Dre'sta - Is down with us! Public Enemy - Is down with us! Double Jeopardy - Is down with us! [Verse Three: L.P.] Although my style is plain, I split brains Fuck the crank, I leave the technique to Wu-Tang I'm bad as the best if not better It ain't about the coast, see, it's all about the nigga So how you wanna do it? - we can take it to the streets Take it to the beat, or step to me if you see me at the Swap Meet Cause ain't no strain in my game It's all good in the hood unless you hate me for my fame I crack a hole in your skull with a knife that's droll Dump the body, then go and put my tank on full Hull, I got more pool than the Chevy® Drop mad funk like the Brand New Heavies Ace got the track, Ice got the gat (UHH!) But like I told your ass, nigga I got my own bat I leave you dead on your Imperial, take your material I slayed more than once, so I guess I'm a cereal Killing motherfuckers, straight down to bust Recognize, you ain't down with us [Interlude: L.P.] Aiyyo, Body Count - Is down with us! Westside Players - Is down with us! HUH, Gangster G - Is down with us! The Rest of you niggaz, can get these Nuts! My brother Fat-So-Bee - Is down with us! Yo, Ill-Town - Is down with us! That nigga Dre - Is down with us! [Verse Four: Ice-T] Niggaz talk much shit when I be in the place Kool-Aid® pumping bitches never to my face Sucker, I plug your card, step in your drill bro' Then you shake my hand, yo, when you was dissing a minute ago Bitch, I got no time for sucker whore games Served a hundred emcees leave them burning with no frames The Hell Raiser kid, I wild like pinhead Wax the fucking concert, leave the first five Bros dead Uhh.. the microphone is now starting to warm Many emcees got a rap, but never had perform Many bitches get back stage but never make it home Step to me and feel the nigga split your dome I pimp the lyrics and the beat is my stroll Play with young girls' hearts since I was twelve years old (UHHA!) Player to my heart that's why I still wear gold Girlies named me Ice cause I was just too cold (DAMN!) When I'm with the freak, I bang that ass real hard Trying to represent and make her scream to God Always finish Doggystyle cause that ass be fat Cause I wild like that, I ill like that I freak like that, I fuck like that I cum like that, it's cool like that I got mad mellow drama, you can't see me, I'm invisible man You can't be me cause I get loose like Whodini Don't let niggaz get too close, cause very view I trust And not too many niggaz, is down with us! [Interlude #4: Ice-T] Self Ski - Is down with us! The Geto Boys - Is down with us! The Wu-Tang Clan - Is down with us! The Rest of you niggaz, can get these Nuts! The Zulu Nation - Is down with us! Tribe Called Quest - Is down with us! Nation of Islam - Is down with us! [Monologue: Ice-T] Yeah, yo, I wanna send this record out to all the motherfuckers That been down with the Syndicate since day one, you know what I'm saying? Niggaz out in the East like GangStarr, you know what I'm saying? Niggaz up North like my motherfucker Too Short, word! I can't thank to everybody by his motherfucking name And peace to all the Gods of the earth, if you know what I'm saying? Cause word in life, only the real true niggaz just been down with us since day one, you know what I'm saying? Now as for all of you; buster ass, faggot ass, bitch motherfuckers That off-and-on like a motherfucking light switch You niggaz can suck my dick while I take the shit basically Cause you ain't nothing but a bunch of bitch ass-whore made niggaz, and fuck you! And if I see you, and you step to me, to say something at the way I will bust you in your motherfucking head, and you know that! That's why you say shit behind my back; you bunch of whore ass niggaz You know what you can do; you can get these motherfucking Nuts Give your mama these motherfucking Nuts, bitch ass niggaz! [Outro: L.P. whispering] Whose Down with us? Whose Down with us? Whose Down with us? Whose Down with us? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Return of the Real Promotional CD Song: Here I Go Again Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro] Here I go again, check me out! Here I go again, check me out! Here I go again, check me out! Here I go again, check me out! Here I go again, check me out! [Verse One: Ice-T] Another night, I sit alone in the dark I can't remember my name, I stalk streets and parks Shame on the nigga whose life aimed to sex with minds Massive contusions, rivers of crimps and winds Just member met, it's all the down remembering Blood stains, pieces of brains under my fingernails Screams kick, bites, bruises and yells Nobody lives, so.. nobody tells I wake up in my house all alone, bloody sheets, mud on my feet Next to me attempt souls of death, I can't front son Knives, Razer Blades, axes, and guns Look at my chest, I got this glass cut I get the needle and thread; and sew it up Razed the shaves in this night again friend You'll hear the shouts Here I go again, check me out! Here I go again, check me out! Here I go again, check me out! Here I go again, check me out! Here I go again, check me out! [Verse Two: Ice-T] Two ladies out late walking in the dark The older city is dimmed from the fog I approached from behind with the speed of the shark I broke by dart, I ripped their backs apart The violence is incredibly sex pushing me I'm a blood fiend, makes me bust nuts in my Jeans Yeah, I think I wanna keep the heads I love to peel off their faces and wear with the dead skin to bed The dogs bark and bite at my feet As I leave, they dragged the headless bodies down the street I make it home, take a bath The water turns red in the aftermath I waked again in this night, uhh.. I passed out no doubt Here I go again, check me out! Here I go again, check me out! Here I go again, check me out! Here I go again, check me out! Here I go again, check me out! [Verse Three: Ice-T] My head echoes with voices of terror My next victim, is in the mirror Seems like I have seen him before, I can't quiet recollect All I know is that the voices say: Slice his neck! I cut up his hand, the blood sprayed from his wrist and burst The warm started to crunch my nerves I stabbed him in the eye with my knife made him surgical steel Oh what I feel, electrical shocks with my brain Came like I have never left before, sweet pain I love it, I love it and I want more Pulled out my straight Razer Blade hit his jugular I'm looking at the ceiling now, I'm wondering where we went and how He couldn't escape nothing that's fate I can send it to the gates of hell and let my soul mate Side to heaven and the devil is my final bout You'll hear the shouts Here I go again, check me out! Here I go again, check me out! Here I go again, check me out! Here I go again, check me out! Here I go again, check me out! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Return of the Real Promotional CD Song: Fuck That Shit Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Ice-T] Yo, this shit got me bugging man I'm looking at all these Hardcore motherfuckers; one year they got guns and next year they're coming out with motherfucking damn stealths Then I listened to some of these motherfucker's records; They're acting like they done kill 300 motherfucking niggaz They're still on the streets, and I'm supposed to believe that bullshit What the fuck is up?! [Verse One: Ice-T] Niggaz got me bugging, in every rap they strap Rolling Rag Top four, hitting switches and all that You're lying, you ain't no Rap Star, you ain't got a car You're whack, you're broke, a motherfucking joke Stay the fuck out my face, kids, you don't know You know my name, cause I beat down your homies So what's up? - you want some more payback shit, back trap You're only winning the fantasies inside your raps Don't move motherfucker, best not twitch I'll bust your homo spot, and then I'll fuck your bitch Hardcore; no R&B, Blues, no hooks singing Begin to bleeding, niggaz be breeding Hard shit, they rolled in and they believed that it's real Hit the streets and get beat by shorties flexing with steel I'm I-The Capital-C-E, you grew up wanna be me Nigga, you can't see me, no fake I'm iller than Jason up in Crystal Lake FEDs take, every fucking move that my crew makes Jail cells, my niggaz got mad years with Ls Living hells, it happens often, tears and coughings [Chorus: Ice-T] Fuck that shit! - yo, I'm about to go off The whole fucking Rap scenery is either fake or soft So if you see me, nigga, don't shake my hand Cause if you ain't Hardcore, then you ain't my man Fuck that shit! - yo, I'm about to go off The whole fucking Rap scenery is either fake or soft So if you see me, bitch, don't shake my hand Cause if you ain't Hardcore, then you ain't my man [Verse Two: Ice-T] You say you represent, but represent what though? You say you're Hardcore, your shit sounds like disco Damn steps, you're making me sick, can't watch the Box If it ain't portiagraphy, it's bitches with glocks Niggaz in Kansas lifted front and back Niggaz singing sounding like war burnt of flak Goddamn, give me the Boom-Baam beats and brace your killed-up face Yo, break the takes, come lounge with the fool on the hell Never faked a move in life, and never fucking with six albums Living like concrete, every year I get harder, the riot starter No need to overkill my raps with crap, I just kick facts You hear the contact of the fat tracks The choruses harder as they come You feel the fat Airo-wave, drums boom, pock doom [Chorus: Ice-T] [Monologue: Ice-T] Yeah, I make records for my motherfucking niggaz, not for your motherfucking mother I ain't with that weak whack ass R&B BULLSHIT Motherfuckers play on the radio everyday, FUCK that shit!! [Verse Three: Ice-T] Me and my crew be watching Evil Dead too Sipping Kool-Aid® and brew, lacing the Disconnection Wu Who can get enough of the ill stuff? I got a motherfucking addiction to this shit Like Court Fiction and beats like the shit I'm on It's a bomb, a violence addict, like Nas I'm Illmatic Lust for static, got my self, you better pad it Mad erotic, fuck with this nigga you had it Cause I'm all in, so what you're selling for Radio, whore? You blow the DJ all day for Air-play I got no love for niggaz who gave up the Hardcore for riches Punk bitches! [Chorus: Ice-T] [Outro: Ice-T] Yeah, you know who you are, you know who you are You know who you are, Suck a dick! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Return of the Real Promotional CD Song: Victim Of The Criminal Zone * Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * This song had been changed to 'Where the Shit Goes Down' and ended up with new chorus and new hooks on the final version [Verse One: Ice-T] Saturday night in L.A. - time to play My beeper is huming like a vibrator, gotta make crime pay I'm packing two gats and I wish I could carry more Might sound crazy; but I ran out of the slugs before Yeah, I know the FEDs watch me But my vet clashes hard with the Versace® So I'm just rolling in my black five hun' I used to Lowride and that was just for fun I had five cars, but now I got one Hard to keep it balling when you're on The Run I got two keys in my trunk and a shovel Stepped on them once, so now I got double The shovel is for drama, need I say more? I got a fat stash Spot under my passenger floor That's for the other strap, the automatic type I gotta keep it close, in case shit gets hype Got a bitch in jail, she didn't snitch and did three I'ma have to roll solo, til they set her free Plus, I got some other crimeys down, true Gs But they got all day, so now it's just me And I'ma keep this slang on until the day I die I can't go straight and won't even try I'm stuck in the game, so don't ask me why! [Chorus: Ice-T] I'm a victim, gotta make crime pay I gotta make crime pay I'm a victim, Victim of the Criminal Zone! I gotta make crime pay Victim, Victim of the Criminal Zone! I gotta make crime pay I'm a victim, a Victim of the Criminal Zone! [Verse Two: Ice-T] Now niggaz like to credit and they like to get their loans on So I hooked up with my boy who turns them phones on He told me about this nigga who won't pay He also said: He knew exactly where the motherfucker stay! So I went and got some homies I hang with Some crazy motherfuckers, who I used to bang with We took a trip to his crib, I snatched his whore and his kids And this is what we did: we tied their punk ass up I cracked the safe with an axe and then the phones we cut I didn't hurt his wife But I promise next time that I would take her life I shot the nigga in his neck for disrespect our corner body I got a murder in Miami for a Shoot-out at a party I got a blood in my trunk, from a punk who squealed Had a partner tried to play me and his cap I peeled Now I rest with my finger on my heater Hand on my beeper, a light sleeper [Chorus: Ice-T with minor variations] Victim, gotta make crime pay I gotta make crime pay A victim, Victim of the Criminal Zone! I gotta make crime pay I'm a victim, a Victim of the Criminal Zone! I gotta make crime pay Victim, Victim of the Criminal Zone! [Verse Three: Ice-T] I used to slang enough water, you can float a boat You can ski off the mountains of fucking coke But now most niggaz serve Chronic So I let them check a bank, and then I'm all up-on it I served them with a cute whore In a week; they tell my bitches about all their dough Then I jack and I kill The jack is for the money, the kill is for thrills I got nine spots in Watts that still serve crack I got a bitch who works the Plastic tune on the track Got a G-T-A connection and a fence for jewels Got some little kids that move fucking dope in schools Got some warrants for arresting in about twenty states Got the bigger Body Count in fucking Norman Bates I'm a killer, jacker, dealer, pimp supreme I'm living out a Hustler dream [Chorus: Ice-T with minor variations] I'm a victim, gotta make crime pay I gotta make crime pay Straight victim, Victim of the Criminal Zone! I gotta make crime pay I'm a victim, a victim of the Criminal Zone! I gotta make crime pay I'm a victim, a victim of the Criminal Zone! [Verse Four: Ice-T] Tonight I gotta meet this nigga from around the way Some say: He is cool, I think he's DEA He said: He want it bad and heard that I got it good I bagged up ten keys of flour and met him in the hood I met him in my spot cause I know it's cool Pat him down on sight to remove his tool Made him name ten niggaz he should know But that still ain't shit in the game of Blow He asked to see the dope, I asked to see the cash He reached for that Briefcase too fast A fucking pig, yo, he thought that he had the chump I had my nigga in the closet with a Bore Pump (* Gun Shot*) And now there's fucking Shot-up body all on the floor But that's what the shovel is for.. victims! [Chorus: Ice-T with minor variations] Gotta make crime pay, I gotta make crime pay Don't be a victim, a victim of this Criminal Zone! I gotta make crime pay Victims, victims of the Criminal Zone! I gotta make crime pay I'm a victim, a victim of the Criminal Zone! Gotta make crime pay [Outro: Sounds of Pouring Rain, Thunder and lightning] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Angela Rollins Album: Return of the Real Promotional CD Song: I Must Stand (The Dumb Mix) Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Ice-T] Ice-T; nineteen ninety six on that remix tip, you know what I'm saying? Players on the heal, Rhyme Poetic Mafia on the boards Doing it like this, for all y'all out there to know the real Check the technique, I Must Stand! [Verse One: Ice-T] Just a kid, moms died when I was seven Pops died eleven, what's up with heaven? It's hell; when you're an orphan at an early age It's an impressionable stage, no love breeds rage In the heart of a child, who never knew his roots Looked up to pimps and the hustlers in the Eel-skin boots Parking Caddies on the sidewalk, gangster talk Trucking diamonds and gold, Rubber bands around the bankrolls Fly girls to make your head spin Seemed they partied all day long, I was like 'Put me on!' But they said: "Little fellow, run and go play Take your butt to school or else you'll have to be like us one day" I didn't understand, but I tried to get a job While all the players got the girls cause they'd hustle and rob I was like making about 1-50 a week And after taxes, you know what that is; lunch meat [Chorus: Angela Rollins] Life on the streets ain't easy for a blackman But you know I got your back, cause I understand [Ice-T] Hey girl, you know I need you Life on the streets ain't easy for a blackman But you know I got some back, cause I understand [Verse Two: Ice-T] Streets of anger, trouble and crime I had it hard, had to sleep in my car sometime But I never let another player see me down I kept my front up, my gear clean Even when checking minor green Brothers knew my game was true So I hooked up with the real crew Who knew exactly what to do Bank jobs and jewels, quick to flex with tools Pimping whores on the block, checking cash non-stop Crack spots, armor with interior bars No lie, I used to own about fifteen cars Every piece Fila® made, drape my women in suede Pavet Piaget®, Cesar's Palace holidays It was on, crazy out of control We made up the word 'balling', that was how we roll But the FBI had a-whole-another idea It's called multiple indictments for hundreds of years [Chorus: Angela Rollins] [Verse Three: Ice-T] The game is vicious, no retirements, you die young Listen to a fake, he might tell you to grab a gun I get phone calls from condemned row Brothers I ran with, brothers I really know They tell me: "Ice you got much love in the pen' You're the one that got away, don't wanna see you in" They tell me: "Tell the little homies the deal Don't have them come up in this hellish habitat of shanks and steels" I marched two million strong in D.C. Looking eye to eye with brothers that I used to think below me Damn, my mind was twisted in my hustling days But God spared me, I got a baby son to raise And being black ain't easy, prejudice as real But health and liberty is all we need for us to build We gotta come together, unseparated Check yourself like I did, blackman because we're all related [Chorus: Angela Rollins] [Ice-T] I must stand, I must stand! [Chorus: Angela Rollins] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ San Man Album:  Return of the Real Promotional CD Song:   I Must Stand (Video Clean Edit)  Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Verse One: Ice-T] Just a kid, moms died when I was seven Pops died eleven, what's up with heaven? It's hell; when you're an orphan at an early age It's an impressionable stage, no love breeds rage In the heart of a child, who never knew his roots Looked up to pimps and the hustlers in the Eel-skin boots Parking Caddies on the sidewalk, gangster talk Trucking diamonds and gold, Rubberbands around the bankrolls Fly girls to make your head spin Seemed they partied all day long, I was like 'Put me on!' But they said: "Little fellow, run and go play Take your butt to school or else you'll have to be like us one day" I didn't understand, but I tried to get a job While all the players got the girls cause they'd hustle and rob I was like making about 1-50 a week And after taxes, you know what that is; lunch meat [Chorus: San Man] Lot of my peeps didn't have very much opportunities Is that the way it suppose to be? But I must stand, I was born this way I am a blackman Lot of my peeps didn't have very much opportunities Is that the way it suppose to be? But I must stand, I was born this way A proud blackman [Ice-T Overlapping the above Chorus] And I know I can be better than this I can get me a car man, I can get a girl I know I can do it out there, man I'm finna go for it man, I gotta get some money, Word! [Verse Two: Ice-T] Streets is anger, trouble and crime I had it hard, had to sleep in my car sometime But I never let another player see me down I kept my front up, my gear clean Even when checking minor green Brothers knew my game was true So I hooked up with the real crew That knew exactly what to do Bank jobs and jewels, quick to flex with tools Pimping whores on the block, checking cash non-stop Crack spots, armor with interior bars No lie, I used to own about fifteen cars Every piece Fila® made, drape my women in suede Pavet Piaget®, Cesar's Palace holidays It was on, crazy out of control We made up the word 'Balling', that was how we roll But the FBI had a-whole-another idea It's called multiple indictments for hundreds of years [Chorus: San Man] [Ice-T Overlapping the above Chorus] What? Daff is dead? Carter got 25 years? Nah, Spike 35 to life? Nah, don't tell me B.O.'s dead, man I don't wanna hear that, man I was just with him [Verse Three: Ice-T] The game is vicious, no retirements, you die young Listen to a fake, he might tell you to grab a gun I get phone calls from condemned row Brothers I ran with, brothers I really know They tell me: "Ice you got much love in the pen' You're the one that got away, don't wanna see you in" They tell me: "Tell the little homies the deal Don't have them come up in this hellish habitat of shanks and steels" I marched two million strong in D.C. Looking eye to eye with brothers that I used to think below me Damn, my mind was twisted in my hustling days But God spared me, I got a baby son to raise And being black ain't easy, prejudice as real But health and liberty is all we need for us to build We gotta come together, unseparated Check yourself like I did, blackman because we're all related [Chorus: San Man] [Outro: Ice-T overlapping the chorus] Yeah, this song is going out to all my brothers Black, Latino, Asian, Iranian, anybody out there  that feels the way I feel about the situation that's going on out there A lot of little homies out there might think I'm coming at you soft This record will make a lot of sense fear When you're on that great coast on up to the penitentiary route   So I'ma say it now, hopefully these words will echo in your mind Peace! Ice-T, Ninety Six, Return of the Real! We must stand, Damn! Damn! Damn! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: VI - Return of the Real Song: Pimp Anthem Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch '96 Ah shit Ice-T back Representin, nigga, once again That real shit, nigga I thought you knew, bitch Better recognize [ CHORUS ] Players, check your grip before you get popped Bitches, get my money before you get dropped Gotcha - buggin off the words I say Because this type of pimpin happens every day [ VERSE 1 ] Niggas wanna know my steelo Bitches wanna get with the baddest Hustlin apparatus It's the LA cash flow master-roller No one gets colder, I used to flip boulders Of caine, on my brain, it's outta control, crime plot A dead-ass cop and muthafuckas get got In the game it ain't safe for the weak or the timid Known to break a bitch but barely rarely slide up in it So you see me in a club, grab your woman like you wanna Blink your eyes and the freak is out there freezin on the corner She got caught by the curls and the jewels Lookin for a nigga that is quick to pull tools Now she's breakin herself, makin herself Respect my technique of pimpin, minus all simpin Check it bitches, it ain't nothin nice You're gonna seal or sell pussy if you roll with the Ice [ CHORUS ] [ VERSE 2 ] Oh my God, the nigga rolls hard.. Every player mentions me The hustler of the century (Ice, that nigga ain't nothin nice!) I got more freaks than Heff', my bankroll's off vice Commandin straight pimp tactics None of y'all can match this Meet a freak in a week, her workplace a matress Really though, recognize the pimp type flow I don't smoke endo, I count cash on my patio So much love on the streets, don't need no bodyguard Big up to my homies with the pimp type nod I'm off the hook, checkin traps in Vegas [Name] Full link mink with the matchin borsalino I change cars like you change drawers, bitch I got a stable full of thoroughbreds that make me rich Niggas hate me, cause they can't control they roll They see that fat old ass and start givin me cash [ CHORUS ] [ VERSE 3 ]	 My mind's blown off fine champagne So bent on currency, got green in my vein So damn smooth that every woman wanna touch me So much sexuality that nuns wanna fuck me I kick back with my pimpin ballin brothers Stand over the bed, dump the cash on the covers The game's got me, I'm a slave to the roll Hoes belong on the track and I belong in gold Silk and satin, I deserve a pimpin pattin Been in the life so long cause I stomp bitches who start rattin Mostly friendly, but do got that gorilla in me Save it for the player-hater niggas with the envy Lot of niggas talk it, but they can't hold a hooker Ice took her, she was too long a looker It's strictly straight-lace hustlin on mine I been pimpin all my life and I don't mind dyin [ CHORUS ] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: VI - Return of the Real Song: Where the Shit Goes Down Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Ice-T, nigga Representin Strictly Westside, nigga South Central in the muthafuckin hiddouse Check the technique, nigga Representin for my real niggas out there Fuck all you buster-ass niggas Word [ VERSE 1 ] Saturday night in L.A., time to play My peoples hummin like a vibrator, gotta make crime pay I'm packin two gats and I wish I could carry more Might sound crazy, but I ran out of slugs before Yeah, I know the feds watch me But my vest clashes hard with the Versace So I'm just rollin in the black five hun' I used to lowride, now it's just for fun I had 5 cars, but now I got one Hard to keep up ballin when you're on the run I got two ki's in my trunk and a shovel Stepped on the one, so now I gots double The shovel's for drama, need I say more? Got the fat stash spot under my passenger floor That's for the other strap, the automatic type I gotta keep it close in case shit gets hype Got a bitch in jail, she didn't snitch, she did three I'ma have to roll solo till they set her free Cause I got some other crimeys down, true gees But they got all day, so now it's just me And I'ma kick this slang until the day I die I can't go straight, I won't even try I'm stuck in the game, so don't ask me why It's life in L.A. I lowride and I sag and cuss I cover my face with the rag and bust Long Beach and Compton are some down-ass towns But South Central L.A. is where the shit goes down [ VERSE 2 ] Now niggas like they credit and they like to get they loans on So I hooked up with my boy who turns them phones on He told me bout this nigga who won't pay He also said he knew excactly where the muthafucka stay So I went and got some homies I hang with Some crazy muthafuckas who I used to bang with We took a trip to his crib I snatched his hoe and his kids, and this is what we did I tied they punk ass up I cracked the safe with an axe, and then the phones we cut I didn't hurt his wife But I promised next time that I would take her life I shot a nigga in his neck for disrespect, caught a body Got a murder in Miami for a shoot-out at a party Got blood in my trunk from a punk who squealed Had a partner tried to play me and his cap I peeled Now I rest with my finger on my heater Hand on my beeper, a light sleeper I lowride and I sag and cuss I cover my face with the rag and bust New York and Philly are some down-ass towns But South Central L.A. is where my shit goes down I lowride and I sag and cuss I cover my face with the rag and bust Frisco and Oakland are some down-ass towns But South Central L.A. is where my shit goes down [ VERSE 3 ] I use to sling enough water you could float a boat You could ski on the mountains of fuckin coke But now most niggas serve chronic So I let em check the bank, and then I'm all up on it I serve em with a cute hoe In a week they tell my bitches 'bout all they dough Then I jack and I kill The jack's for the money, the kill's for thrills I got 9'000 blacks that still serve crack Got a bitch who works the Plaza too on the track Got a GTA connection and I fence for jewels Got some little kids that move my fuckin dope in schools Got warrants for arrest in about 20 states Got a bigger body count than fuckin Norman Bates I'm a killer, jacker, dealer, pimp supreme I'm livin out the hustler dream I lowride and I sag and cuss I cover my face with the rag and bust Houston and Atlanta are some down-ass towns But South Central L.A. is where that shit goes down [ VERSE 4 ] Tonight I gotta meet this nigga from around the way Some think he's cool, I think he's DEA He said he want it bad, he heard that I got it good I bagged up ten ki's of flour and met him in the hood I met him at my spot, cause I know it's cool Pat him down on sight to remove his tool I made him name 10 niggas he should know But that still ain't shit in the game of blow He asked to see the dope, I asked to see the cash He reached for that briefcase too fast A fuckin pig, yo, he thought he had the chump I had my nigga in the closet with a bull pump And now there's fuckin shot-up body all on the floor But that's what the shovel's for... I lowride and I sag and cuss I cover my face with the rag and bust Newark and Miami are some down-ass towns But South Central L.A. is where my shit goes down I lowride and I sag and cuss I cover my face with the rag and bust Detroit and Chicago are some down-ass towns But South Central L.A. is where that shit goes down I lowride and I sag and cuss I cover my face with the rag and bust D.C. and Cleveland are some down-ass towns But South Central L.A. is where the shit goes down I lowride and I sag and cuss I cover my face with the rag and bust I know all my niggas live in down-ass towns But South Central L.A. is where my shit goes down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Ace, Hot Dolla, Powerlord JEL, Swaggafornia A.K.A. Mr. Wesside Album:  VI: Return of the Real Song:   Bouncing Down the Strezeet  Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * DJ Ace repeats 'Westside Niggaz' in the Chorus background [Intro: Ice-T]  Yeah, Ice-T up in here, boy (Westside Niggaz) Got my man Hot Dolla in the house, you know what I'm saying? (Westside, you know) J-E-L, Rhyme Poetic Mafia up in here (Westside Niggaz) Got Mr. Wesside in the place, you know what I'm saying? (Westside Niggaz) Straight lace hustlers in the house Yo Wesside, tell them how you do it, baby   [Verse One: Swaggafornia A.K.A. Mr. Wesside]  Drinking up my Alpine® 18-inch bolt gauge bumping up jealous niggaz on my mind     It's my cash, my dollars, my paper     Just hit the lick, now, suckers wanna pull capers What you think all my gats is for? But ain't got no Rottweilers by the door Bring your ass on in friend, then, counting my currency Til call you sleep out of the blue twenty Mac 90s, mind on my money Still trying to fuck that bitch in Aqua Out the bally cause I used to love ya My bunny, is acting, funny, but fuck you bitch Bouncing on these bitches, like eighteen switches Side to side, front, three-wheel motion Sedan De Ville® sliding like lotion Out of the Central (WHAT?!) Upping to the hills with my kinfolks [Chorus: Swaggafornia A.K.A. Mr. Wesside] Niggaz gonna be bouncing down the Street-zy To this beat-zy, with the heat-zy, another deize-y With your dough money, dose money, money rose on your dome Moving on Chrome, and gold (Ds) [Verse Two: Hot Dolla] Nigga, I can't loose, just I ooze up and down these tracks  Cause the booth has got me feeling like the rat pack  In the killing to the ceiling with my height, off lights with no direction From the rep like Comp-town section, a fear from my complexion A fear from my erection, so they put me in corrections It's life in effect, the fact I'm trapped in my existence But even from my thousand yard distance I'm seeing right through you with that mad dog glance With that gangster's dance So we can sag them pants, come take a chance Would you like to dance in the infra-red drip like?.. (*Gun Shots*) ?? and 100 Spokes and don't make me loke It's Hots-to-the-Dolla baby, ain't no joke You plus my bank is poke, so I got to make a statement I'm on my third strike, I'm rolling on the bike I'm asking all you niggaz what that Comp-town like? Before I gots to pull a fire for that N.Y. [Chorus: Swaggafornia A.K.A. Mr. Wesside] [Verse Three: Powerlord JEL] Man, the Ese's rolling shit, I know what's up I'm cold, heading back streets and ripping gangster cuts Ohh yes; I floss daily, fuck our represent  And straight show, keeps my Ds on a hot cement And.. I'll tell your dealer Cali' ain't no joke Cause that smog on the West Coast is Indo smoke So don't slip for a second, and get played like a whore Ohh, don't make me bust in Pac-sive mode I enroll mad legal making mass appeal And you can ask anybody if my clique pack steel Cause no matter where I flow, brothers pay the cost And that's why they're gonna tell you that I can't be toast Man, you didn't know my music, didn't know my skin But you can win, listen to the the Mexicans So don't talk about me, cause I'll work you son But the crazy thing about it, I won't be needing my guns [Chorus: Swaggafornia A.K.A. Mr. Wesside] [Verse Four: Ice-T] Busters can't even see the Ice, as I flex this You couldn't afford the Benz®, so you had to buy the Lexus® But how them pillars over fans that I ride on the weekend Lock me up, watch my custom drive, shaft vans square dumps in my trunk Lick it once, watch my front end fly, as I skate on by On them five twenties money, Titanium Scrape Plate  Rock the ass like you blocked up, Show Nuff I got the cute trunk, hooked up with four pumps in the middle Hit your corner looking like a damn tricycle Hit the pancake, let the butter late on the drown And get on out the ride and clown With my homies on the corner in South Central, California You couldn't get more real if you wanna I'm gonna let you know that when I froze, just don't trip on gauze Front seat for my homies, back seat for the whores [Chorus: Swaggafornia A.K.A. Mr. Wesside] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: VI - Return of the Real Song: Return of the Real Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Yo, what's up with all these niggas On these muthafuckin records talkin all this bullshit (Man, I don't know about these niggas out here Them other sucker-ass niggas, them old fake-ass bitches) I ain't tryin to hear that shit, man These bitches ain't players, man (Yeah man You know these niggas out here been fakin for years, man I'm glad my nigga Ice comin with that HP shit That high-powered shit..) [ VERSE 1 ] Peace to my street niggas movin that weight Much love to my comrads who's out in upstate Mad connections from the bottom to the top of the game Street fame, I got much that's in touch with my name Got a overload of guns to unload on a lame nigga trippin Wake up my posse, interrup the Rémy-sippin Four in your back and keep bailin Listen to the HK wailin and your vital signs failin Everyone that ever met me knows I work bitches like niggas, pimp niggas like hoes Command a mack that's immaculate, your girl's naked You think she ain't been hit, kid yo, you best to check it For ten years I been connected to the top of this Hold your breath, kid, I'm never droppin this Too busy rollin off them fat chrome rims And niggas who trip get sung hymns We crash clubs and security shits Cause they know they got size but they know we keep clips Crazy muthafuckas lickin shots in doors Leavin suckers' bodies bleedin over nightclub floors You don't want none, son, stay gone Break north when I come and you might live long Yeah, my face kickin treble, you're just a pebble You're gettin rocked, yo E, cock the glock And let these niggas know, yo, that the west don't play none Fire shoots out of my strap like a ray-gun You broke ill and you cold fucked up Now you're bleedin through your fingers while you're holdin your gut For real [ CHORUS ] So get your money how you want to, friend But when it's time to count the chips only the real will win (Return of the real) the game of life is only fake and true But it's all about the dollars when the day is through [ Hot Dollar ] (Cause the pimps don't get no bigger Than these here niggas) It's the return of the real (These muthafuckas best to get to recognize Before I gets to chastizin Cause see, the shit all ties in It's just some of that pimp, player, hustler shit Ice-T been around for a while now Nigga was gangbangin when gangbangin wasn't even cool, nigga What you know about that shit?) [ VERSE 2 ] I go deep into the street life's anatomy A nigga take me out - yo, what a upset that'd be And if I fall I fall on cushions, ??? Hittin niggas up with the Tec and watch the blood gushin I see your videos, a 100 niggas in it you don't know Framed in the lens, bought friends Who really got your back, nigga, check it out You really possess like zero street clout (think about) The only place you're safe is in the studio Yellin in the mic, you'se a bitch, that's right I take a nigga like you and make him prostitute cute So what you got a gun, punk, you're scared to shoot You front hardcore, but I don't feel ya Kids from my hood'll take your punk ass and peel ya Let me check my Rolex quick because time's money Squintin from the Pavet face because it's kinda sunny Skinnin the top back, flossin the rag and the thing Feelin the sun, backin off of my pinky ring Hittin the 'Shaw with my niggas and clown Lift the ass, hit the switch, raise the front off the ground But most of the time you can't see a nigga Deep in the archives parlayin new ways to get my bank bigger [ CHORUS ] [ Hot Dollar ] (As I slides up out the do' Gots to give a special props shout out to that nigga the O.G. Got muthfuckin Red in the house [Name] and the muthafuckin ringleader of funk, DJ Ace Hot Dollar's up in this muthafucka If you didn't know Count your muthafuckin blessings and handcuff your hoe You know what I'm sayin? It's all good for my hood Comp-town in the muthafuckin house Nigga don't know well I tell ya like this West Hollywood Hills That's the deal, fool You know I know the rules..) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: VI - Return of the Real Song: I Must Stand Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Nobody ever said life was gon' be easy But damn.. [ VERSE 1 ] Just a kid, moms died when I was seven Pops died, eleven, what's up with heaven? It's hell when you're an orphan at a early age This impressionable stage, no love breeds rage In the heart of a child who never knew his roots Looked up to pimps and to hustlers in the eel-skin boots Parkin Caddies on the sidewalk, gangsta talk Truckin diamonds and gold Rubberbands around the bankrolls Fly girls to make your head spin Seemed they partied all night long I was like, "Put me on" But they said, "Little fellow, run and go play Take your butt to school or else you'll have to be like us one day" I didn't understand, but I tried to get a job While all the players got the girls cause they'd hustle and rob I was like makin 'bout 1-50 a week And after taxes, you know what that is - lunch meat And I know I can be better than this I gotta get me a car, man I gotta get a girl I know I can do it out there, man I'm finna go for it, man I gotta get some money Word [ VERSE 2 ] Streets of anger, trouble and crime I had it hard, had to sleep in my car sometime But I never let another player see me down I kept my front up, my gear clean Even when checkin minor green Brothers knew my game was true So I hooked up with the real crew That knew excactly what to do Bank jobs and jewels, quick to flex with tools Pimpin hoes on the block Checkin cash non-stop Crack spots, armor with interior bars No lie, I used to own 'bout 15 cars Every piece Fila made Drape my women in suede Pavet Piaget, Cesar's Palace holidays It was on, crazy out of control We made up the word 'ballin', that was how we rolled But the FBI had a-whole-nother idea It's called multiple indictments for hundreds of years What Daff is dead? Carter got 25 years? Nah.. Spike 35 to life? Nah, don't tell me B.O.'s dead, man I don't wanna hear that, man I was just with him [ VERSE 3 ] The game is vicious, no retirement, you die young Listen to a fake, he might tell you to grab a gun I get phone calls from condemned row Brothers I ran with, brothers I really know They tell me, "Ice you got much love in the pen You're the one that got away, don't wanna see you in" They tell me, "Tell the little homies the deal Don't let em come up in this hellish habitat of shanks and steel" I marched two million strong in D.C. Lookin eye to eye with brothers that I used to think below me Damn, my mind was twisted in my hustlin days But God spared me, I got a baby son to raise And bein black ain't easy, prejudice is real But health and liberty is all we need for us to build We gotta come together, unseparated Check yourself like I did, blackman, because we're all related The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Sean E. Sean (Rhyme Sydicate) Album:  VI: Return of the Real Song:   A Lotta Niggas  Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * sounds of thunder, lightning and pouring rain [Sean E. Sean] Yo, what up my nigga Ice? [Ice-T] Yo, what's up Sean E. Sean? how you're living, baby? [Sean E. Sean]  Yo man, cool it up You know, it ain't me man, but a lot of niggaz, man It ain't me, a lot of niggaz is saying, man You went out, doing the movies, you know You got the BC, Rock & Roll band, you know You supposed to be Ice-T - O.G. - Hip-Hop [Ice-T] Yo, yo, check this out man!  A lot of niggaz don't know what a DI blow is Is that mean I don't want one? A lot of niggaz got lot to say about Rap But ain't never grabbed the mic and rocked one goddamn show A lot of niggaz still on the street cause they worried about  what a lot of niggaz would say if they go out and get a job I've never ran with a lot of niggaz I only ran with the Real Niggaz, you know what I'm saying? And if you ain't willing to do shit your way Then you have to copy a lot of niggaz, and that copy can't be real It could only be counterfeit And a lot of niggaz had never figure that shit out Yo, I'm out here man, Peace! [Sean E. Sean] Word! man FUCK them bitch ass niggaz! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: VI - Return of the Real Song: Rap Games Hijacked Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Yeah Too many hardcore muthafuckas out here in this business Ain't gettin their proper loot You know what I'm sayin? (Right) Check the technique (Aha) [ VERSE 1 ] Everybody talkin 'bout the way hip-hop ain't the same Suckers kidnapped the game I know the biggest in the business, and no joke Half of em broke - and none of em smoke (Bust the facts, loc) I got into this hip-hop game Just to try to get a girl and get some light-weight fame There'd never been no cash made in it So who thought you could get paid with it? Just crash the club with my crew and then I'm outta there Hit some skins, act bugged, that was a rap career Then Run-D.M.C. jumped the fuck off Got mad paid, word, kicked the bucks off There wasn't many rappers out there rockin the streets When hip-hop was just cuts and beats I seen _Wildstyle_, dug the scene I wanna be an MC, rock, rock on - know what I mean? I started crashin rap contests Shootin hardcore rhymes through wack MC's chests I signed on the lines of a wack contract Didn't even read it, fuck that They gonna put my record out I'm gonna be large, know what I'm talkin about? In the first 2 years I made about 300 bucks Yo, this business sucks But I got another chance and I came correct Got a lawyer and accountant, now my shit's legit But many won't get no second chance And get fucked in this biz without a kiss or a dance The game is to exploit young ghetto kids A straight pimp game, and there ain't no shame And the shit's gone too far 100 hip-hop labels with all white A&R's The game's hijacked The rap game's hijacked Let me tell you how it happened [ VERSE 2 ] Now while every MC in the game Was worryin about a white boy gettin the fame They dug out the foundation Now let me give a demonstration Say you got a dope group from the hood Talkin mad shit like they're up to no good You take em to a label Now who sits behind the table? Some jewish muthafucka that don't know shit Tryin to tell y'all what's a fuckin street hit The shit's way off course It's like me tellin Johnny Cash how to sing about his horse You go on tour, the white agency says you're wild Tone down your style The radio jocks are all pop So how the fuck this nigga know what shit to rock? The shit that make your face turn green Is when you get dissed by a kidnap magazine I give a fuck about these muthafuckas I'm doin this jam to save my hip-hop brothers Get your paperwork straight, kid Get a lawyer and accountant just like I did Don't blow your dough, cause you will see g's But this game has no guarantees Learn about publishing points, so you won't be blind Learn to read everything you sign Then you might have a chance If not, bend over, pull down your pants The game's hijacked (Yeah I don't they hear you, brother) Yo, the rap game's hijacked (Word) I'm talkin 'bout a hijack (Say it one more time, baby) The rap game's hijacked Check it (Break it down for these niggas) [ VERSE 3 ] You can go gold and still owe the record label cash Yo kid, check the math Learn about the word 'recoup', troop And stop walkin round all hyped and souped You ain't nothin but somethin to be used and worked You ain't nothin but a sucker to be duped and jerked Cause the fuckin record label don't love ya, pal They didn't love ya on the street and don't love ya now They're out to make an end, friend Cause every dollar you make, they damn near make 10 They'll take you for everything you got Or else they'll sign you and they put on the shelf to rot I'm tryin to tell you what's up You best to listen to this record even if you hate my fucking guts Cause I just can't stand around and watch rap get done And my brothers ain't gettin none A nigga like me has gotta spit game Nigga, get that cash flow. fuck that muthafuckin fame Cause the white man's rippin us off once again Real hip-hop, my man Fool, the rap game's hijacked You need to listen, nigga The rap game's hijacked Need to play this record about ten times The rap game's hijacked Black people don't own shit The rap game's hijacked Check it R&B's hijacked Black acting is hijacked Just being black is hijacked (Build, my nigga, build, my nigga) Nigga Stupid muthafuckas, they rippin us off You better get a end.. While the money's there, boy Silly-ass bitch runnin around with a gold chain All niggas gotta get some real estate Muthafucka Come up Fuck a bitch Better get somethin you can own, asshole White man ain't givin up shit Word o' life Although I got a white engineer But he's gettin minimum wage So it's cool... Yeah Shit's been hijacked The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Big Rich Album: VI - Return of the Real Song: How Does it Feel Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ Ice-T ] Yo Rich man, these girls ready to get busy? [ Big Rich ] Ah man, you know they on deck [ Ice-T ] Yo, what's up with they men, though? [ Big Rich ] Come on, men squares, man Can't no square keep no woman [ Ice-T ] Right I guess they just wanna find out what it's like on the other side Girls wanna keep it real Gotta love em for it I love a woman with courage [ Big Rich ] Yeah, there she go right there, man [ Ice-T ] Yeah, I'm break her off somethin proper I'ma represent, check it out [ Ice-T ] Now although your friends warned you 'bout us westside macks Girl, you was willin to take a chance and I respect you for that And at last we're all alone, baby, just you and I, don't try to lie I know what's on your mind, I'm lookin straight through your eyes [ Big Rich ] So let that hair down and let that body go free And come close because tonight it belongs to me No brother's doin it like this westside mack Ride you like my Chevy, hit that ass front and back Now tell me [ Big Rich ] Now how does it feel to make love to a gee? Do you wanna go back to your man or, baby, stay here with me? Now how does it feel to make love to a gee? Strictly on the Westside where I ride, now, baby, come roll with me [ Big Rich ] Now two hours done passed but then it's only gettin better My body is gettin hotter while yours is gettin wetter Wanna roll up in your river like a steamboat Pretend you're takin a bath and I'm your piece of chalice soap [ Ice-T ] Oh my girl, can you feel what I'm feelin now? As you turn around I'm lookin at that brown Sugar fat coated ass I just can't let it pass Gotta move on it fast Now tell me, baby [ Big Rich ] Now how does it feel to make love to a gee? Do you wanna go back to your man or, baby, stay here with me? Now how does it feel to make love to a gee? Strictly on the Westside where I ride, now, baby, come roll with me [ Ice-T ] Alright, check this out, girls Me and my man Big Rich, we got an idea Why don't we just use body language Let our bodies do all the talking And just kick back and enjoy the erotic conversation [ Big Rich ] Hello Sunshine, now you did quite fine Shall we rewind, relive these good times? I feel your body gettin hot again Girl, don't you know I'm 'bout to dive on in? (It's never gonna stop until I know it's truly over) I got some more oil I wants to stick up in your motor And kiss you on the grill, squeeze your headlights Rub your bumper kitten, gettin nasty like a triple x-rated flick [ Ice-T ] I know you're feelin what I'm feelin, sexual energy Time to chill and pour another glass of Hennessy I hit it again like a gangster should And give you somethin to tell them girls up the hood Now how does it feel? [ Big Rich ] Now how does it feel to make love to a gee? Do you wanna go back to your man or, baby, stay here with me? How does it feel to make love to a gee? Strictly on the Westside where I ride, now, baby, come roll with me [ Ice-T ] Yeah, this is Ice-T and Big Rich signin off And to all the curious ladies out there Take your chance I promise, you won't be sorry The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: VI - Return of the Real Song: The Lane Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ CHORUS ] The fast lane, half heart, half money Ain't nobody smilin, ain't nothin funny Raise the risk, raise the profit And can't nobody stop it Unless your game's weak So baby, don't sleep The fast lane, half heart, half money Ain't nobody smilin, ain't nothin funny Raise the risk, raise the profit And can't nobody stop it Unless your game's weak So player, don't sleep [ VERSE 1 ] The streets crawl with ill niggas on the block Goin hand in hand Leanin in and out of sedans Pumpin crack dreams to crack fiends for a fee Their dream is to re-up to a ki Cops watch the influx of dope Through a telescope Snitches in the game Give the young g's names Bitches on the jock Of the hustlers on the block Jump from gee to gee Similar to a flea Suck the blood out, or in this case the dough Roll with the blow till considered a hoe Babies are born and pawned off to grandmama The bitch ain't done, she still lives for the drama Lookin for another baller To hit and never call her All in vain Life in the Lane A new crew of hookers on the track from up north Vice cops, they watch em stroll back and forth They take a pay-off Or a blow job just to lay off The Lane's no joke Yo, you players stay broke A ghetto garage makes a nice laboratory PCP and crystal meth, wars of glory End of story, gotta watch my back myself Or else they'll find my body layin on a coroner shelf It's the Lane [ CHORUS ] [ VERSE 2 ] Gees take the game on the road to Minnesota Supermarket's all sold out on baking soda Gangbangers start to understand the dope game fast Kidnap the drug dealers for the ransom cash Gotta represent, what you say you are, that's a star Feds got a homing device on your car That made you easy to follow to Denver, Colorado Birds you had, 12 now you got a l Crack babies born in the hospitals cryin Drive-by shootings can't end, kids are dyin The cream is the ultimate goal Gots to roll Till my cash flow's mega Baller not a beggar Bitches workin plastic with the fake ID's Life in the Lane, stackin up g's Chop shops taggin up Benzes and Beamers Crack spots boilin full kilos in beakers Damn, the game's quicker than shit, don't slip Cause bet your life there'll be another hustler checkin yo grip It's the Lane [ CHORUS ] [ VERSE 3 ] Brother on parole need a quick lick to come up The score went bad, now he's back stuck Bitches settin niggas up jacked and waxed Small-time workers movin weight in a g ride Lac Don't talk on your cellular, your phone is tapped Don't check the rear view, there's no turnin back It's the Lane, now you're in it, hit the gas and mash Through the land of the hardcore hoes and cash Jackers and robbers, hustlers and clockers Everybody'll squeal, take the l or the deal Yo, spin the wheel, for the cops you're a meal Tailor suits gator boots make the fly hoes kneel But if you miss, my friend, guess what you win A one-way ticket to the federal state pen It's the Lane you chose, you fill your shit, ride Rolls High-priced clothes, baddest fuckin hoes Anything goes, there's no limit, just mash The cops will be there when you crash [ CHORUS ] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Dee Album:  VI: Return of the Real Song:   Rap Is Fake Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Dee:] Ice, I would like to ask you a few questions! [Ice-T] Yeah, yeah, what is it? - what is it? Come on [Dee:] Is it true, that you and your organization still have under world connections? [Ice-T] Haa, absolutely not! - where did you get that information from? [Dee:] Is it a fact, that most of your lyrics were true? [Ice-T] Noh, it's all fantasies, you know, you just make the stuff up, rap is fake! [Dee:]  Ummm.. well, government officials still say  That you're connected with major crime figures? [Ice-T]  I don't know what they talk about, it's a joke! I make movies, I make records [Dee:]  So you swear to the public and deny any and all criminal ties?   Even though, your music states other wise! [Ice-T]  Absolutely! I mean totally legit Never done anything wrong, you know what I'm saying? It's all a fantasy, that it's making the stuff up You know, cause I'm a black man, they're trying to keep me down! Hey, I'm totally innocent, you know what I'm saying? Give me a break for life! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: VI - Return of the Real Song: Make the Loot Loop Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Yeah This is goin out to all those muthafuckas That like to use the word 'gangster' Although I am the O.G. I'm representin that hustlin game To the end, nigga I'm tryin to make the loot loop [ VERSE 1 ] I ain't no muthafuckin gangsta, wish you'd quit callin me that Although I still pack straps I roll in Benzes and Lacs Best believe the gats in my promo shots ain't props I hang out sunroof tops and pop glocks at cops (Yo, how ya livin?) On the mellow, coolin with my fellow Hustlers, players, super bitch-layers Mackaronies on the true d-l - hell, most Fuckin with my niggas you could end up ghost I made a million, got my shit out pawned Bailed out the homies, now the shit's back on Moved out the ghetto, cause I hate it But I roll through your fuckin hood and regulate it Cause I wasn't born to be broke, I let the .45th smoke Before I let my baby boy go under, no wonder I'm addicted to the cash flow, stacks of green Flashback, I'm nudgin weights down a triple beam I'ma make the loot loop [ CHORUS ] As fast as I spend it I'm tryin to get back in it I make the loot loop It's cop and blow Nigga, that's all I know I make the loot loop As fast as I spend it I'm tryin to get back in it I make my loot loop Nigga I'm tryin to make my bank roll bigger [ VERSE 2 ] I must admit, I got a lust for loot, quick to shoot Ostrich, fruits and Austin Martin coupes Fill my dreams with cream, I got wet sheets I'm bustin nuts over currency, kid, fuck freaks We be the niggas in the back of the club with the Moët Bitches, shrimps, mackin like pimps Wearin fly shit you never seen before (raw) I turn a angel to a whore, now need I say more? My perm got bounce, fuck a 40 ounce I'm sippin Cristal, pal, and represent I shall To the end of the game (That nigga Ice got fame) And just not over these beats But on the 4-wheel streets I make the loot loop [ CHORUS ] [ VERSE 3 ] Say what you will, I'm the fool on the hill With the pool, jaccuzzi, laser-beam Uzi Niggas in LA know the Ice don't play I'm just a savage for the cabbage and a pimp parlay I rock a million with the jewels on the paw (don't start) Cause my niggas ain't the big ones, just big guns Pushin the limits of this game till I gets my piece I put my true queen Darlene in a white Corniece So stay broke if you wanna, hang out on your corner Step back from the curb when we roll up on ya 20 black cars all tinted, we meant it 'Syndicate forever - posse of the clever' Rubberbands strap the fat green knots We're strictly hustlers not gangsters, but we still lick shots For the goal Peace, I'm out like Nicole (Get down Get down) Nigga The bank's getting bigger Yeah I'm makin the loot loop Straight player for life Yeah Hustler's side The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Hot Dolla, L.P., Powerlord JEL (Rhyme Poetic Mafia) Album:  VI: Return of the Real Song:   Syndicate 4 Ever  Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Opening Skit: Ice-T impersonating his player haters]  [+] Yo nigga, where was you at last night? - talk nigga! [-] Yo nigga, we was up in that club nigga, them Syndicate niggaz turned that shit off [+] Nigga, fuck them bitch ass niggaz [-] Yeah, them niggaz got money, nigga  [+] Fuck all them Syndicate niggaz, them niggaz ain't shit  [-] Yeah!  [+] Motherfuckers think they make shit cause them motherfuckers got a little bit of money and shit [-] True, man [+] Fuck that bitch-ass yellow-nigga Ice-T too [-] I don't like that nigga [+] Nigga had no motherfucking father, Fuck Him! [-] Fuck them niggaz, right?  [+] Niggaz don't wanna see me, wanna see my motherfucking.. (*Screeching Tires*) [+] Yo, what the fuck is that?... (*Gun Shots*) [Verse One: L.P.]  Now, nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga please I scratch emcees like dog scratch flees Grease, your competition, never finishing Indo keep me high and I'm always on a mission When it comes to kick it, AWWW I get the lowest Bang like George Foreman, kick ass like Chuck Norris Only fucking winner with these fools selling Gucci Whispering MC H, just like Crispy down with Cooci So those who wanna step into the steel like bleaks  Come get this lyrical ass whipping that's gonna last for weeks We got grease, Hardcore Hip-Hop gangster beats Niggaz that'll do you'll leave you dead in the street Recognize through this, this is how we do this Barrel to your motherfucking back oozes (*Gun Shot*) It's your lyrical rock Syndicate killer, and fuck all niggaz [Chorus: Powerlord JEL] Now you wanna fuck with us, cause you recognize game You recognize real motherfucker Syndicate forever, Posse of the clever ------> Ice-T Now you wanna fuck with us, cause you recognize game You recognize some real motherfucker Syndicate forever, Posse of the clever ------> Ice-T [Verse Two: Hot Dolla] The Rhyme Syndicate will never die, well let me tell you why Cause we're locs that's always on a Ho-Ride If you hear me, then I know you know that danger I snatch mics from emcees, I move around with anger Behavior of the maniac, that's all I've had in me  Bombs'll get brutal when I lock my mind, it's empty Simply I'm in this, but Gangster found that Genus The one last murderer that never served the sentence Wise up than an Asian, that's holding to his books I love them ghetto crooks, gave my banging for a hook Now I'm much much longer when my pops was stupid flexed I wanna get hex and bitches fuck with my set Don't let 95 patty, produce it like a hearse These such fucking little punks, they think they down cause they curse, man Fuck you motherfuckers, you ain't shit, you ain't crazy Cause Rhyme Syndicate be doing dirt on the daily [Chorus: Powerlord JEL] [Verse Three: Powerlord JEL] Can I be destroyed? Like Roy with two niggaz long enough  Now, I'm strong enough, to bust out handcuffs Return of the rough, and rugged, so fuck it! Rolling in a bucket, tracking down my dockets It's a fact that I be busting, fools lusting Throwing fools away like wind dusting Hand rushing, like Head Hunters, so I hunt heads Leaving fools dead in a red, hear me what I said It's the Syndicate, I yelled from the day we call Eternity Picture of all busters who ain't heard of it I'm burning it with dealers, killers Cars stealers, cap peelers, big wheelers Cool like the Chin Chilla, living in a villa So nigga pass the Nillas  And let me take you back to the days of Crokersacs and Cadillacs When niggaz broke their backs on the street to make ends meet We roll deep; in a late night hour on the.. [Chorus: Powerlord JEL until faded] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: VI - Return of the Real Song: The 5th Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch He yo, Ice This guy here say he wants to get in, man You're sure homeboy's ready? Yo Ice, this nigga said he's ready, man Yo, kid you're sure you wanna be down with this, right? Yeah, I'm sure, I'm ready Aight Know what you're in for, right? [ VERSE 1 ] Blood flows like sands in the hourglass Cash moves everything Bitches in g strings Gats flashin, mothers make cream on a stick move Improve your dope flow Cold max with the long dough High rollin, back breakin plot diggers The ill niggas Comanche style Blood letting weapons of death Stop your breath If you trip on the click A hot thump to your chest And your back just rips You wanna be a made man The fam accepts no mistakes Chopped up bodies, lots of funeral wakes Make your bones Bring a rat back dead just ahead A cop's better Use this beretta Snitch, bet your bitch She in a pre-dug ditch Cause I command a whole batallion of life takers Plus the other bosses wanna see yo guts Check your nuts Dump the bodies in the desert Here's the keys to a truck Me, I'm overloaded, born hard and scarred Crime intellect More complex than nerves in your spinal chord Bank job my forte Not off of gunplay Hostage taker I killed my brother with a salt shaker He tried to short me a buck What the fuck? A nigga that lies Is a nigga that dies No cries for the punk He got trunked and bombed Since he tried to steal I chainsawed his arm I drink blood from a cup when I wanna then Plus the bosses up north made me kill my friend They told me, "This ain't no game, kid, you're in it You're down with the Syndicate, but never admit it" [ CHORUS ] Muthafucka, now you're down for life Rat on the fam and we'll kill your wife Fuck up a scam and you'll feel the knife Who is this? (The Syndicate does not exist) [ VERSE 2 ] A thousand ki's, off-shore private yacht Really ain't no sweat, Coast Guard and customs are bought Columbian-Mexicano connect Raise the bet One DEA woudn't roll, we pulled his tongue through his neck Just a message to the rest: don't test Housing developments are built on the bodies Of punks who wouldn't party Big shots are called from the pen's inner sanctum Where the mega-gees Regulate the streets, fuck release They got power that you can't comprehend, my friend They want you dead, yo, you're dead before the daylight ends Your eyes shiver and you grit your teeth You sold your soul, now cold blood's how you get relief Now you do what we do, say what I say Muthafucka, don't blink unless I say okay This is a organization, not a one-man gang And you die if I ever hear you spilled my name [ CHORUS ] My friend, I thought this day would never come (What do you mean, man? Hey!) Who was there when your wife had your first child? (Hey, why you're lookin at me like that, man?) Who looked out for you when no one else was there? (Hey, I'm your friend, man!) Now word's out you're talkin to the feds about me (..they lyin, man) There's only one thing I can do (Hey man, wait a -) You treat me like a bitch (Hey yo - ) ( *shots* ) Now look at you! Look at you, muthafucka! Now look at you! [ VERSE 3 ] Cops on the take, I got moves to make Feds ain't that easy, I still got em to shake They had my man's bitch wired for a month and a half Snatched my nigga up in Aspen, bail's five million Bounced him out in a hour - power Went and met him quick, hit him with a ice pick Can't take no chances, he romancin with whores No tellin what he spilled when behind closed doors The fam's protection and loyalty is top priority Violate, your body is found in three states Cargo is heat on a Hong Kong cruiser ??? contact ??? No cash, they want a ton of crystal meth High risk'll bring more riches than the national debt We launder money through he s&l's and pro-ball teams Ain't no business untouched when it comes to cream Documents forged from my hitters from Jamaica In and out of town before you hit the ground This is the mob, baby, now you're on, no off-switch Suffocation ??? you snitch [ CHORUS ] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Ace as G-Money (Allen Payne) Album:  VI: Return of the Real Song:   It's Going Down  Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * Ice-T impersonates Nino Brown (Wesley Snipes) on 1991 New Jack City Movie [Intro: Music from 'How Does It Feel' by Big Rich fades out] Now how does it feel to make love to a G? Do you wanna go back to your man or, baby stay here with me? Now how does it feel to make love to a G? Strictly on the West Side where I ride Now, baby, come roll with me [Ice-T as Nino Brown] Awww yeah, right there girl Oh shit, awww, oh shit! Who the fuck is that? [DJ Ace as G-Money] Yo Ice, yo this is Ace Is the phone cool? [Ice-T as Nino Brown] Yeah, what the fuck is up? [DJ Ace as G-Money] Yo, the murder shit that happened last week Some motherfuckers was trying to say: it was you! [Ice-T as Nino Brown] Awww shit [DJ Ace as G-Money] Man, I'm just calling, just to let you know Ese That shit is going down homes! [Ice-T as Nino Brown] Stop Bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Big Rich (Rhyme Poetic Mafia) Album: VI - Return of the Real Song: They Want Me Back In Typed by: DaDoneS@lycos.de, dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Ice-T] Damn, this shit is going down again These motherfuckers want me back in, Fuck them! Word up, our niggaz is strapped, ready for war! --------> Method Man I gotta get the Ski Mask Word up, our niggaz is strapped, ready for war! --------> Method Man Get out the H-K! Word up, our niggaz is strapped, ready for war! --------> Method Man And Fuck them! Word up, our niggaz is strapped, ready for war! --------> Method Man [Ice-T] Niggaz talking crazy cause they say That I killed one of their motherfuckers Sucker ass busters, did or did not I got more drama with them niggaz from the other side Called my nigga Rich in his ride! [Big Rich] Fuck! them niggaz I got a truck full of 38s and bullet shields Ice, we can send these niggaz all to Hell I never liked them niggaz from the Get Go Used to break them in craps and fuck all their motherfucking whores [Ice-T] Made another car hit, thirty Killers on the hip Ready to rock, packing Magnums and Glocks Man connections; Who trips? is the question Niggaz on the way to play, in a laser ray [Big Rich] Nigga you got two strikes and I got two strikes We can't afford to leave no fucking witness tonight But if this is what they want, it's like Christmas to me It's been a long time since the Big Rich caught a body [Ice-T] Fuck it! I like the way you think my man I've packed twenty motherfuckers in the Astrovan Will pass your crib about 12:30 - there'll be Nigga be ready to roll, I know you heard me! [Big Rich] Nigga it's on, so don't trip, I'm down I got the Sawed Off Shotie, and I'm ready to clown Blast the nigga in the face, kill his fucking whore Ice, you done did this kind of shit with me before! [Chrous: Ice-T] Word up, our niggaz is strapped, ready for war! --------> Method Man Word up, our niggaz is strapped, ready for war! --------> Method Man They want me back in! Word up, our niggaz is strapped, ready for war! --------> Method Man Word up, our niggaz is strapped, ready for war! --------> Method Man Niggaz want me back in! Word up, our niggaz is strapped, ready for war! --------> Method Man Word up, our niggaz is strapped, ready for war! --------> Method Man They want me back in! Word up, our niggaz is strapped, ready for war! --------> Method Man Word up, our niggaz is strapped, ready for war! --------> Method Man Damn! [Ice-T] Niggaz wanna ill, well my niggaz get iller Street full of hardcore stone-face Killers One Love! my nigga Big Rich puffs bud I don't get high, I wanna see some niggaz die! [Big Rich] Yo, some niggaz hit the corner with the lights on fights The shit don't look nothing nice But if these niggaz wanna roll in my hood, yo, then fuck it Break out the hard World, boys flow the fucking Bucket [Ice-T] Niggaz pulled out, my crew was ready We turned the fire, rocked the punks steady When they shoot and stop, car looked like confetti Went my ass home, jumped back in the bed G [Big Rich] Yo, why in the fuck they wanna fuck with us? When they know my posse is crazy and they down to bust Big Rich take no shit from these buster-ass tricks Check a punk ass nigga like I check a bitch [Ice-T] I got no love for no nigga flipping, tripping on my fam Got damn, I make L.A. hot as Vietnam But ill niggaz should be left alone Please excuse me, while I rest my dome! [Chorus: Ice-T] Word up, our niggaz is strapped, ready for war! --------> Method Man Word up, our niggaz is strapped, ready for war! --------> Method Man They want me back in Word up, our niggaz is strapped, ready for war! --------> Method Man Word up, our niggaz is strapped, ready for war! --------> Method Man Niggaz want me back in Word up, our niggaz is strapped, ready for war! --------> Method Man Word up, our niggaz is strapped, ready for war! --------> Method Man They want me back in Word up, our niggaz is strapped, ready for war! --------> Method Man Word up, our niggaz is strapped, ready for war! --------> Method Man Why? - niggaz want me back in? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Jell Album: VI - Return of the Real Song: Inside of a Gangsta Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Yeah  This is Ice-T I'ma slow it down for a minute I wanna talk to all the ladies out there I got my man J-e-ll in the house I got a message I wanna send out to all the fly ladies, yeah Check me out [ VERSE 1: Ice-T ] It's time for me to kick game And if I can't do it, then ladies, Ice ain't my name Now real brothers ain't easy to understand And it's a long hard road to become a man Drama seeks and chases him through every year His homie dies, you might see him shed a tear But mostly hardcore feelings are all you see Cause you gotta be raw to be called a gee But every man slows down You'll see this side when there's probably no one around And there's no safer place Than if you ever are some gee's homebase But it ain't easy, these brothers got barricades around the hearts It's gonna take time before the trust starts But girl, you must be true Cause if your man's a gee, he'll definitely die for you Look him deep in his eyes, let him know you're there Show him that you really care Trust me, you move with time Through the darkened halls of his mind You just might find [ Bobby Ross Avila ] The me inside of a gangsta Yo, Jell You know what I'm sayin? I try to represent for all the brothers out there And I know my latin homies have the same drama with they girls, man Won't you let em know how it's goin down [ VERSE 2: Jell ] Man, I'm lookin for a hina that's down But you don't have to be brown If you wanna hang around All you gotta do is stay in check Cause if you're rubbin me right Then you can bet you'll get respect And that's why I guess my feelings will have to show How can you hide somethin that's in your soul? Cause there's more to the l-o-c Than all the violence, baby, that ain't who I be I know my dogs and me can still pull straps But I rather have you rollin in my Cadillac Cause when we cruisin, thangs is all good And that goes for every vato in the hood Now sometimes it's hard to show the other side Especially when my crew is caught up in a homicide Cause East L.A. don't play And if I had my way I'd kick it with you everyday [ Ice-T ] Whether black or brown, the situation's the same Different hoods, but the same game Some girls won't take their time Others will stroll through our souls and find [ Bobby Ross Avila ] The me inside of a gangsta The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: VI - Return of the Real Song: Forced to Do Dirt Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Ice-T back in that ass Return of the real Muthafuckas fakin and frontin like they don't know what time it is Niggas on the streets ain't really got a muthafuckin choice Muthafucka (So niggas is forced to do dirt)	--> Prodigy Born hustler I only run with real niggas who wear gold and jewels Diamond rings, strapped with tools I take no shorts cause I been in it for the long one, the strong one Gotta tell the truth, yo, half my niggas is on the run Street giant defiant to the laws That the white man made, nigga That's why we play, nigga A/k/a the street hustler from the Westside Too damn fly, too much finesse for the hoo ride I rather take a mark off smooth Cause the skilll of a hustler is to stick and move And make you say: "Damn, what's his name? Got to give a nigga props cause the kid got game" Mad game, fool, I base my hustle not on strength But think, you say 'the liqor store', I say 'brinks' Cause my mind's on the massive roll of the dice The magnitude of my game's insane, precise So now you're mad cause I got money and you don't The hustlers win, the busters won't What can I say, you can't come out and play With the real ones, dig this You'll get broke with the quickness I don't gamble, I cheat when it's on Two g's on the table, two in my palm And if I spill up, I pull the nickel .25 strap Then the place gets flat and then I'm out the back With my niggas and them 4's on thangs And if I really wanna floss I flex my Bentley wings Damn, over your head, got a problem Keepin lyrics down to earth so normal niggas can solve em But the game's extreme so quit your high beams And increase the light, now can you see me, you might If you ever been to jail or shot, sold rocks I'm talkin 'bout weight down like movin ki's and pounds But every nigga in the hood ain't fly Light-skinned or dark, they're 90% marks Straight vics and they got money to give Then without em tell, me how the hell a hustler lives.. I got no love for a lame I use my strategy from crack to rap, no shame And now instead of cooking some ki's I'm flippin million dollar ??? call em wack MC's But suckers got it twisted, they missed it Wastin they life when yo, they mentally gifted The streets ain't the only fuckin hustle in town You gotta get in where you fit in, gotta stay way down But a buster is a buster for life He makes excuses why his ass ain't pay That shit's played Cash rules everything around me, kid I hit a 50'000 lick and never did no bid Cause I'm bent on a come-up and my shit stays tight How many fake gangsta rappers will I hear tonight? It don't matter cause the real don't care You know I'ma gonna get mine, so I'ma let em get theirs But I know in the heart what's true So if you listen very closely, maybe you will too My mind's blown off Armani suits Pavet medaillons, [Name] boots Cristal and steak, shrimp big as your hand I bought a silk robe and it's from Siam This jam's for the hoods and thugs Pimps and hoes, the slingers of drugs Hustlers and thieves, cons and crooks Bookers and sharks, muthafuck the marks Nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album:  VI: Return of the Real Song:   Haters  Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Ice-T impersonating his player haters] Yo nigga, this club is whack as shit Word man, make shit as bullshit I'm telling you man Ain't nothing up in here but some buster-ass niggaz Man, fuck these niggaz, right fuck them These scary ass whores ain't trying to give a nigga no rhythm Fucking ass bitch, fuck these bitches Let me stop this bitch here I ain't supposed to know that's a fucking wig Tired ass bitch, bitch got weaves and shit Trife ass, whore ass, bitch All these niggaz up in here ain't nothing but some motherfucking marks Fuck them, right, fuck these niggaz Ain't that, that yellow nigga Ice-T? Fuck him, hell yeah, punk ass bitch That nigga doesn't know nobody Who the fuck the motherfucker thinks he is? Fuck him, that nigga got all jewels and shit like the nigga can't get got Suck my dick! I give a FUCK man! Nigga we should get that nigga right now, man Let that nigga know what fucking time it is! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: VI - Return of the Real Song: Cramp Your Style Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (I cramp your style With a bullet and a smile)	--> Onyx [ VERSE 1 ] Ugh, niggas on the d-l casin me out Truckin my jewels, feelin for the tools When they come they gots to come correct Because they know I catch wreck A well-known wild street vet Step into the kill zone, baby, it's on I pack the twin nine-mills that'll lift your dome Chrome pump with double-eyed slots and such A fully-auto Mac-dime that is sure to touch Ya, bust you with the Desert Eagle Street legal, move against my peole And the Ice gets evil Hit you with the .44 Smith & Wes- Son, you're best to run cause my Tec eats pests I got a glock with the laser, hot police taser Step in real close, I hit your throat with the razor You wanna live or die, it's your decision Talk shit, you're dissin, i got you in my night vision Brain fragments on the street released Another nigga fronts hard, another nigga deceased I got a H.K., A.K. and a M-16 A 12-gauge street sweeper with the circular clip Quick to let projectiles fly, you die And watch your fat moms cry - bull's eye (I cramp your style With a bullet and a smile)	--> Onyx What you think all the guns is for? [ VERSE 2 ] What's up, niggas don't seem to hear Still lookin crazy, let me make this clear Fool, the Ice ain't havin it And when I let loose lead, believe I'm accurate Fat scope on a 30???6 Sawed-off double barrel and a pistol grip Pump on my lap at all times I fill my gauge shells with nickels and dimes Thompson Center spittin .45 slugs Black Mac-11, Python .357 Snub-nose .38 or .380 Seventy Automatic, full metal jackets Hollow points comin atcha fast You feel the slug before you hear the blast (I cramp your style With a bullet and a smile)	--> Onyx Muthafuckas frontin hard Lookin at niggas crazy and shit Make a nigga break Nigga don't want me to pull out [ VERSE 3 ] I don't like shootin but I do shoot straight Niggas I be rollin with will shoot up a wake Why you wanna step in the sights of a nigga Known hair trigger, the coroner delivers More cold bodies to the morgue each weekend One minute you bleed, the next minute you're leakin Best to listen close cause this ain't no boast And never forget that I leave you wet Bloody, sticky, holes in your Dickey's Oh what a pity, lookin all shitty My Winchester will get the best of ya Hand grenades will fade all the rest of ya I reach out and touch you with the parabellum You got a crew, you better tell em The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album:  VI: Return of the Real Song:   Real Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Ice-T] Ice-T six; Return of the Real! Real is a word people don't really wanna deal with Real is a difference between the way things should be And they way things are! Things should be beautiful and everybody should get along Things are really fucked up! Opportunity isn't available to everybody Motherfuckers do go to jail Men and women do not always get along A woman doesn't think twice about referring to her man as a dog But then breaks down when she is called a Bitch That's really fucked up! - Real! The first four letters in reality; You're Ready To Get There! That's what this is all about Lot of my homies are really incarcerated, locked up! In Federal Penitentiaries and State Institutions will never come home This album is dedicated to them And my homies that have died and passed on in the past few years Really never get a chance to hear this record My music is designed for the individuals out there Who are ready to deal with the truth The truth is; that anything that is alive It do whatever it has to do, to remain alive It's called survival And no matter how cold and fucked up it may seen That's real! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Hen-Gee (Rhyme Syndicate) Album: VI - Return of the Real Song: Dear Homie Typed by: mart666@xxl.ee, dy_face@yahoo.com [Hen-Gee] Dear Homie, what's the haps since you're up in the sky? With God by your side, homie what's it like? I know you're being treated right No more worries, plus you're being heard G I guess you know niggaz is still tripping I don't know why, they see future in it We're heading for self-destruction Cause my young niggaz can't function Only thing I can do is pray And thank God, for another day Yes Homie, it's rough down here I gotta watch my back, cause it's hard being black If it ain't the other, it's my own color Trying to work me, trying to hurt me Ain't no L-O-V-E, please tell me why, dear homie [Chorus: Hen-Gee] Dear Homie [Ice-T] Dear Homie, gang-banging ain't joke And I'm looking over you, loc Always knew there was fools out to get me I didn't even hear the gunshots til after the slugs hit me I grabbed for my chest and my neck, hoping When my head hits the ground my skull busted open You used to ask for my advice Well Dear Homie, dying ain't nothing nice And the place I'm at is over-packed With young blacks who crash crack and gats I can only pray, you don't come this way You gotta stay alive, you got a kid G I feel you, partner but I worry a lot Cause to get paid back, you bust shots I know you're trying to comfort me But I don't want no company, Homie [Chorus: Ice-T] Dear Homie I don't want no company, homie [Hen-Gee] Dear Homie, even though you're gone I still feel your presence Sometimes I can't sleep, cause I just can't see Reality like it really should be seen I still reminisce on how we used to kick it Strolling the yard, just hanging out together Down for whatever, whenever Now I'm hoping, you're seeing the true friend in me Cause Road Dogs, is what we were meant to be [Ice-T] Dear Homie, you used to call me O.G. Now you really gotta look up to me Cause the place I'm at, is way high in the sky I didn't want to die But the life I lived was just to reckless Too many bad marks on God's checklist And many many brothers will go out Just trying to get that hardcore street clout But the street reps final test Is when you're lying in a coffin with your hands folded on your chest And then you hear the girls cry And then you hear the brothers lie Talking about how down you was Then the next week they're back on the street They cold forgot you cous' Don't wanna see you on your back So for me stay sucker free, cause you don't need that, Homie [Outro: Ice-T] Dear homie, dear homie You know I miss you, Homie The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) f/ Raw Breed Album: Violent Demise: The Last Days Song:  My Way Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * * Not positively sure about the Raw Breed member's name [Intro: Ice-T] Yeah, motherfuckers in my face, man always Telling me how to make records, FUCK THAT! I've been making records for fucking fourteen years Yeah, Raw Breed ?? about want to do this shit violent I'll do it.. MY WAY!! [Bizarra] Yo, it's my way, no way, get dumped on the highway Buck, buck, feel the blast from my gun spray Yeah, you're getting drowned in the blood A bug, thug, feel the cops catching slugs [Ernie C] Yo, it's my way, I slay, I play, you stay down You fuck around in my town, you drown Fuck you, fuck them, fuck that We come back through, murdering your crew, what?! [Ice-T] You don't know shit about my lifestyle It's buckwild, late night gunfights, three strikes I'd rather fight, caught in the street You get beat down to raw meat Fucking with me and the Breed, you'll soon bleed [Bizarra] Yeah, it's Raw Breed, BC killing overseas Dropping off rooftops, punks hang from trees [Ernie C] Night vision, incision, the opposition It's never your decision.. My way! [Ice-T] You can't tell me jack shit, suck my dick Out my face with that drama, I'll kill your fucking mama Iller than a postal worker, born to murder Suckers in my face with that bullshit die quick [Bizarra] It's Bizarra, ha, cause mad horror It's the dusted world of Bizarra High on acid, the ghetto bastard Yo punk, I'll put your ass in a casket [Ernie C] You in a world of shit, fucking with the Syndicate We pack full clips, and then we're done with it Come with it, we get it on you, you ain't lasting Demolishing, the demolition [Bizarra] Piss on your grave, a killing craze [Ernie C] In your town right now on any stage [Bizarra] Who the fuck are you, trying to dis my crew? [Ice-T:-] Who dies tonight bitch? - You! [Ernie C] My way! [Ice-T] I will do what I choose, and if I loose Well then I loose.. My Way! This is my fucking life, and if I die Well then I die.. My Way! [Chorus:] My Way!! My Way!! My Way!! [Break:] [Ice-T:-] Yo Bizarra, you're bugging, put the gun away from..  [Bizarra] Fuck that! I'm high and dusted [Ice-T:-] You're tripping man, don't do it..  [Bizarra] Fuck that nigga! (*Gun Shot*) [Ice-T] I will do what I choose, and if I loose Well then I loose.. My Way! This is my fucking life, and if I die Well then I die.. My Way! [Outro: Ice-T] ?? up in this motherfucker, you know what I'm saying? (YEAH!!) Raw Breed is in the House (THOROUGH!!) Blowing heads nigga (NARCOTIC!!) It's going down (FUCK THAT!! WE GONNA SET THE RUCKUS!!) You ain't ready (WHAT NIGGA?!! WHAT?!! WHAT?!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Violent Demise: The Last Days Song:  Strippers Intro Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com  [Ice-T] Suck the Ranger's dick, bring him to motherfucking pain Suck the sheets up my ass crack Act like my balls are full of oxygen and you're drowning bitch Play real, all that old I'm cute and.. aww..  Bitch, go on and get a basketball player This is rock! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Violent Demise: The Last Days Song:  Strippers Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com  [Intro/Chorus: Ice-T] Strippers - I WANT MY DICK SUCKED! Strippers - I WANT TO BUST A NUT!! Strippers - I WANT MY DICK SUCKED! Strippers! [Verse One: Ice-T] A porno star, you're in 3D You're right in front of me, under the Strobe lights Moving that ass right, Lap Dance I'm about to bust in my pants Goddamn baby, take my money, take my life I'll dis friends, I'll leave my wife Every night I'm in the front row waiting Contemplating, masturbating ~ YEAH!! Tell me what to do? and it's done You whisper in my ear, tell me I'm the one Last night I think, I gave you fifteen Hun But as for a date, I can't get one [Chorus: Ice-T] [Interlude #1:] [-] Awww man, you need to look at this motherfucker here  [+] Yeah man, it's going down [-] She got an ass, man  [+] Why don't you give me a lap dance baby? come here! [-] Aiy, look at that over there, that bitch [Monologue #1: Ice-T soliloquizing]  Damn.. I watch you, as you move beneath the neon lights The Strobe lights seem to make you move, like an X-Rated moving queen I love watching you stroke your fucking pussy, as you push your big silicon tits together Like that.. your body is a magic, you're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen The spider tattoo on your neck is so sexy, did you take Bally?  ?? in your eyes have blocked on your mind, your walking torn me I love you, I wanna marry you, I wanna give you everything I've ever owned I want you to have my children, the whole world is moving in slow motion When you lean over to me, and you say those words; Those especial words, I've waited on a woman to say it, my whole entire life! [Night Club chairman]  Aiy swinger, you want a Lap Dance and some 500 dollars Shab League Rolls in the executive D-Elegance High Roller room? [Ice-T] BITCH!!, I WANT MY DICK SUCKED!! [Chorus: Ice-T] [Hook: Ice-T] You're worse than a whore, you won't fuck You're worse than a whore, you won't fuck You're worse than a whore, you won't fuck [Verse Two: Ice-T] I wanna fuck you so damn bad Give you everything I own, you can have my pad Girl I'll kill for you, take my jewels, my cash Just put that pussy on my dick, and baby move that ass Your tits are so fat, I wanna suck them dry Push your clit near my face, I just might try Stick that ass out, stick it out baby, You simulate your sucking my dick, drives me crazy I wanna ram it in your ass right now Tonight I think I gave you damn near two thou' You push your pussy on my dick, you make my balls turn blue Don't make me rape you, ha ha ha! [Chorus: Ice-T] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Violent Demise: The Last Days Song:  Truth or Death Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com  [Intro: Ice-T] Damn! the whole world is fucked up! Everybody is a fucking liar, who the fuck can you trust? [Chorus: Ice-T] Lies, betrayal, lies Truth or Death! Lies, betrayal, lies [Verse One: Ice-T] Who the fuck can I trust? The whole fucking world is built on deception False perception, look you dead in the eye and lie Your best friend'll stab you in the back Yo, what the fuck is that? Politicians lie; what the fuck is that? Your lover lies; what the fuck is that? The police lies; what the fuck is that? The church fucking lies; what the fuck is that? [Chorus: Ice-T] [Verse Two: Ice-T] Somebody tell me where is the truth Every holy book is written by man Probably by a liar's hand And if you feel that public schools are teaching truth to the youth Motherfucker, you living a lie too Lawyers lie; what the fuck is that? Doctors lie; what the fuck is that? Your mother and father lie; what the fuck is that? You lie to yourself; yo, what the fuck is that? There is no truth; only variations of lies Don't try to figure it out Honesty is extinct, and if it ever did exist  The human race took it out! [Chorus: Ice-T with variation] Truth or Death, Truth or Death Lies, betrayal, lies Truth or Death Lies, betrayal, lies Truth or Death Lies, betrayal, lies Truth or Death The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Violent Demise: The Last Days Song: Violent Demise Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com (*Sampler of L.A.P.D sirens*) [Verse One: Ice-T] Electrocution, Gassed Shot in the head, Car crashed Overdosed, Strangulation Burnt alive, Violent demise!! [Chorus:] [Ernie] You're going down hard [Ice-T] Violent demise, Violent demise [Ernie] You're going down hard [Ice-T] Violent demise [Verse Two: Ice-T] Decapitated, Drowned Assassinated, Gunned down Stabbed in the neck, Suicide Burying alive, Violent demise [Chorus:] [Ernie] You're going down hard [Ice-T] Violent demise, Violent demise [Ernie] You're going down hard [Ice-T] Violent demise [Verse Three: Ice-T] Live your life You probably won't live to see twenty five Those trusted to protect you will get you Watch your back you still die (Still die) Every man must die We walk around in this illusion called life You gotta go for it now, there's no time There's no time, Violent demise [Verse Four: Ice-T] Mutilated, Hit Poisoned to death, Skull split Disemboweled, Skinned Spikes in your eyes, Violent demise [Chorus:] [Ernie] You're going down hard [Ice-T] Violent demise, Violent demise [Ernie] You're going down hard [Ice-T] Violent demise [Ernie] You're going down hard [Ernie] You're going down hard [Ernie] You're going down hard (* Heart Beats*) (*Gun Shot*) [Outro: Skit] [-] Yo, is there a drink? [+] What? like liquor? [-] Aww! yeah! [=] Somebody fix her a drink [-] Let me bend over, shh.. ohh.. haha [+] Hold up! let change the position of this mic (* Erotic moaning*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T)  Album: Violent Demise: The Last Days Song:  Bring it to Pain Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com  {*some woman erotically moaning*} [Verse One: Ice-T] The moment I laid the eyes on you I knew a close encounter, was inevitable Now we're alone, your eyes staring deep into my soul Together we sit in darkness You know I want you Your voice sounds like a God in head You know I am you Don't ask my name, it don't matter at all You know that love just ain't my style I feel the heat of your lust in the air We have no choices left, as you walk into the vampire's eyes [Chorus: Ice-T] Let me bring it to pain, let me bring it to pain Let me bring it to pain, let me bring it to pain [Verse Two: Ice-T] You say your love is a spiritual thing, I hear you You lick your lips like a lioness, I fear you You touch me and my blood runs cold Am I the hunter or hunted? God put us here together tonight, you can't escape fate [Chorus: Ice-T] Let me bring it to pain, let me bring it to pain Let me bring it to pain, let me bring it to pain [Verse Three: Ice-T] My tongue journeys deep inside you, your juices arouse me I am your slave tonight and forever, dominate me rape me Your orgasm is so wild, it's a trip, we cum together as one You say you gotta have it hard and rough, is this rough enough? [Chorus: Ice-T with variation] Let me bring it to pain, let me bring you to pain Let me bring it to pain, let me bring you to pain {*erotic moaning continued with screaming*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Violent Demise: The Last Days Song:  Music Business Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com  [Ice-T] I give the FUCK!!  You got to suck the big man's nuts first That's the name of the song That's the.. that's the.. fucking Music Business Suck the big man's nuts.. and then we talk The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count f/ Everlast (House of Pain) Album: Violent Demise: The Last Days Song: I Used to Love Her Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Ice-T as an L.A.P.D. Officer] You have the right to remain silent Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law What you gotta say? [+] Uhh.. I didn't do it! [-] Where the fuck is she? I've been pagering her all the motherfucking night [-] Bitch you gotta call back, if you wanna see me, FUCK!! [Verse One: Ice-T] I loved her with my heart and soul Gave her everything diamonds and gold She stabbed me in the back, fucked my friends Partied in my house, and bitch wrecked my Benz [Chorus: Everlast] I used to love her (WHERE THE FUCK IS SHE?) I used to love her She did me wrong, now she's gone [Verse Two: Ice-T] I've trusted her with cash and jewels She laughed in my face, she called me a fool The love I gave to her was all in vain Now I think, it's time to return the pain I came home one night, she was in my bed With my best friend, giving him head What really pissed me off about this shit The bitch had never even sucked my dick! [Chorus: Everlast with Variation] I used to love her (FUCK YOU!!) I used to love her She did me wrong, now she's gone (HA HA HA!!) She did me wrong, now she's gone (FUCK YOU!!) [Interlude: Ice-T as The Judge] Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth And nothing but the truth, so help you God? [-] I think, I plea Uhh.. Uhh.. not guilty! [+] Wait a minute asswhole! not guilty? what the fuck you're talking about? [-] You got a bloody glove, bloody car, bloody knife, bloody bitch!! [-] Blooded carpet, blooded socks, blooded hand!! [+] Call Shabarow, get cocking on the one [Chorus: Everlast with Variation] I used to love her (WHERE THE FUCK IS SHE?) I used to love her She did me wrong, now she's gone (HA HA HA!!) She did me wrong, now she's gone [Outro: Ice-T] FUCK YOU!! ~ Fucking Slut!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Violent Demise: The Last Days Song: Root of All Evil Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Verse One: Ice-T] I love you, and will always love you When I'm without you, I feel so alone When I was young, I didn't know you existed But introduced to you, still as a child Mom and dad used to fight about you at night To obtain you; wasn't easy for certain types As I grew, too many friends died over you I didn't have you, so my sex life was none I needed you, and street life was the answer I found you with the use of a gun! [Chorus: Ernie C - Ice-T] MONEY!! - Can kill men MONEY!! - Controls sin MONEY!! - Can move all MONEY!! - Is true power MONEY!! - Root of all evil MONEY!! - The root of all evil MONEY!! - Root of all evil MONEY!! - The root of all evil [Verse Two: Ice-T] As I grew my love for you became deeper Addicted to you, I was sprung on your juice The more of you I possessed, the more power Anything could be obtained with your use But the quest for you spelled pain for my victims Cause for you; I'd end a life without thought Anything in my way would be chopped down Cause for me happiness would be bought! [Chorus: Ernie C - Ice-T] MONEY!! - Can kill men MONEY!! - Controls sin MONEY!! - Can move all MONEY!! - Is true power MONEY!! - Root of all evil MONEY!! - Root of all evil MONEY!! - Root of all evil MONEY!! - Root of all evil [Verse Two: Ice-T] People lie and say: you really don't matter Singers front and say they really don't care If they don't want you, yo, well send you to me Cause you and I, are in an endless affair [Chorus: Ernie C - Ice-T] MONEY!! - Can kill men - Root of all evil MONEY!! - Controls sin - Root of all evil MONEY!! - Can move all - Root of all evil MONEY!! - Is true power - Root of all evil MONEY!! - Root of all evil MONEY!! - Root of all evil MONEY!! - Root of all evil MONEY!! - Root of all evil [Outro: Ice-T overlapping the above Chorus] Yeah! all you motherfuckers, whack motherfuckers out there Acting like you don't wanna get no money Wearing torn Jeans, living in mansions, motherfucker you need to suck my dick! I'm bad, I'm trying to get paid, I'm no shame to my motherfucking game You're lying motherfuckers, and you're full of shit Shit! I'm trying to get some money, at least I ain't lying, word! Ernie, Fuck these niggaz man, let's go to shopping man And sing this dope shit over here tomorrow man When I steal some Rolex and some.. to fuck us up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Violent Demise: The Last Days Song:  Dead Man Walking Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com  [Intro: Ice-T as a Court Judge] Will the defendant please rise! You have been found guilty, and will be confined in a maximum state penitentiary For return no ?? in five consecutive life sentence There will be NO possibility of prolong Due to special circumstances your dead ?? will be constricted [Ice-T] I don't remember my mama, dad sold crack all night My life was fucked from the jumpstreet, now this kite I write Never had half a fucking chance, my whole trial I was broke Circumstantial that's bullshit, my defense was a joke! [Monologue #1: Ice-T] You go in a motherfucking courtroom, with a fucking public defender  The public defender works with the fucking D.A.! Motherfuckers ain't got no chance, you ain't got no money you're fucked, you're fucked! [Ice-T] Now this cell is my residence, my address is The Row 24 hour lock down, when they'll kill me who knows? [Chorus:] [Ernie] Guilty - we're the unfree! [Ice-T] Dead man walking [Ernie] Guilty - we're the unfree! [Ice-T] Dead man walking [Ice-T] I'm a genius from books now, never read on the street Never lifted a fucking weight, now my body is concrete Filed a hundred appeals or more, no response from the state Get no phone calls or visits, my mentality's hate! [Monologue #2: Ice-T] When I was on the street I had motherfucking boys Where's my bitch? ~ she won't even accept my fucking phone calls!  Yo, they better not let me up out this motherfucker Yo, this shit's on, fuck that word! [Ice-T] I get visits from doctors, analyzing the ill Families pray for my death now, vengeance lays for the kill [Chorus:] [Ernie] We're Guilty - we're the unfree! [Ice-T] Dead man walking [Ernie] Guilty - we're the unfree! [Ice-T] Dead man walking [Interlude #1: Court Session] [Judge] Does the defendant have any final words, he would like to say to the court? [Ice-T] Yeah, I got something I'd like to say ~ Yo, you judge, you're a racist motherfucker I feel like busting your motherfucking... don't let me go! I'm gonna kill everyone one of you jurors, If I ever get out of here I'm coming one by one, and blow your motherfucking brains out You motherfuckers! No, keep your motherfucking hands off! Fuck that! [Ice-T] So I think about my past now, my future holds only pain Involuntarily drugged by the state for years, now I know I'm insane When I'm moved shackled hands and feet, my skin's covered in ink I read the bible about twenty-five times, now fuck god's how I think! [Monologue #3: Ice-T] You can save all that religious bullshit, stay the fuck out of my cell If that priest comes in my cell, I'ma bust him in the.. I'll break your fucking neck with my bare hands, fuck that! [Ice-T] So live your life to the fullest, but remember don't trip One mistake you're my neighbor, and there's no one here rich! [Interlude #2: Skit from a cell block] [-] Bring him in, yah, bring him in, yah, send him now [+] Come here, just come here, you fucking cunt.. [-] Sit him, son of a bitch (*Sampler of Electric Shock*) [Chorus:] [Ernie] Guilty - we're the unfree! [Ice-T] We're dead men walking [Ernie] Guilty - we're the unfree! [Ice-T] We're dead men walking The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Violent Demise: The Last Days Song: You're Fucking With BC Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Ice-T] Yo man! I think you need to get the fuck out of face with that old bullshit [Chorus #1: Ice-T] Do you know who you're fucking with? - THE ILL NIGGAZ!! You're fucking with the.. - THE KILL NIGGAZ!! You're fucking with the.. - THE HARD NIGGAZ!! You're fucking with the.. - THE BITCH NIGGAZ!! [Verse One: Ice-T] You're fucking with the.. cash making, life taking Overlord, street hustling, quick busting, snitch dusting Body dumping, gauge pumping, clean dresser Mic blesser, shallow graves are in the desert Fucking with my niggaz from the Central Why? ~ You'll die! I can make you missing, fucking with the unforgiven Cop killer, blood spiller, but still a million seller Run and tell your fucking mother, Body Count is on the cover A Murder Monthly, bitch, best back up off me! [Chorus #2: Ice-T] You're fucking with.. BC You're fucking with.. BC You're fucking with.. BC Do you know who you're fucking with? [Skit: Ice-T conversating with a male Interviewer] [Inter] Why you in all your records have to be so violent? [Ice-T] Look! if you don't like the records, you know what I'm saying? drive up by a fucking hood, it'll blow by this album or some shit like that They're not give a fuck! [Verse Two: Ice-T] Ghetto dwelling, drug selling, pussy sucking, hard fucking Drive-bying to do or die in, bitch smacking, cash stacking Switch hitting, game spitting, hustling's how I make my living Hit riding, pit fighting, motherfucking street titan Gang related, frustrated, gun totting, ransom notting Park mugging, born thugging, jewelry wearer, hood terror Stepping's where you made your error Now you're bleeding, your heart speeding Now you feel your life leaving, yo, your fucking mom's grieving [Chorus #2: Ice-T] You're fucking with.. BC You're fucking with.. BC You're fucking with.. BC Do you know who you're fucking with? The ill niggaz! - The kill niggaz! [Verse Three: Ice-T] Benz mashing, club crashing, in high fashion, jewelry bashing Child snatcher, whore catcher, neck slasher Mic ripping, set tripping, coke boiling, gun oiling Car jacking, head cracking, bank robbing, roof jobbing Laser scoping, hostage roping, known to get your safe open Shoot you in your back nigga, the hair trigger Banana clip loader, L.A.P.D. got my fucking folder Known killer, jaw sweller, FEDs dug up my fucking cellar Drama maker, law breaker, violent talker, pig stalker Shot gunner, drug runner, blowing up this fucking summer Handgrenading, and home invading, vest wearing, cold staring Body Count the street vets, quick to get your chest wet! [Chorus #2: Ice-T] You're fucking with.. BC You're fucking with.. BC You're fucking with.. BC Do you know who you're fucking with? - THE ILL NIGGAZ!! Do you know who you're fucking with? - THE KILL NIGGAZ! Do you know who you're fucking with? - THE HARD NIGGAZ!! Do you know who you're fucking with? - THE BITCH NIGGAZ! Do you know who you're fucking with? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Violent Demise: The Last Days Song:  Ernie's Intro Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com  [Ice-T] Ladies and gentlemen! Now, in the center of the stage Performing the song which you wrote Produced and played on, my motherfucking nigga If there's any bigger, he will be my bigger nigga If I have static, he is my trigger nigga The artist formally known as.. Ernieeeeee C! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Violent Demise: The Last Days Song: Dr. K (Pathologist Jacob "Jack" Kevorkian) Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Opening Skit: Sampler of Land Line beep] [+] Hello! Suicide hot line, please hold [-] FUCK THIS!! [Verse One: Ernie C] Prozac attack, I'm feeling whacked My damned boss, won't give me no slack Disconnected phone, I didn't get that loan It seems like everything's going wrong I'm unemployed, flat broke, out of luck Ain't got no hope, when it seems like it ain't no way Call up the doc, he'll be with you right away [Chorus: Ice-T] You think your life is tough? - call Kevorkian (Pathologist Jacob "Jack" Kevorkian) You think your life is tough? - call Kevorkian You think you're out of luck! - call Kevorkian When you had enough! [Verse Two: Ernie C] Need some Xanax, want some pills Cause I don't like, the way I feel Can't sleep at night, can't get no rest I want the grim reaper, as my guest! Missed my bus, missed my plane Life it seems, like a constant pain Think it's bad, it could be worse Call the doc up, he'll pick you up in a hearse [Chorus: Ice-T] You think your life is tough? - call Kevorkian (Pathologist Jacob "Jack" Kevorkian) You think your life is tough? - call Kevorkian You think you're out of luck! - call Kevorkian When you had enough! [Overvoice] You're gonna just kill me [Chorus: Ice-T] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Violent Demise: The Last Days Song: Last Days Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro/Chorus: Ernie C] Laaast dayyyys! The laaast dayyyyys!! [Verse One: Ice-T] As I stare off the stage and try to understand why you feel That I am someone you cannot deal with, how? When you and I come from two totally polar opposite lifestyles Under normal circumstances; I'd be waking you and your rich parents up at gunpoint Demanding the combination to the wall safe While your little sister screams suffering from pistol-whipped pain Or looking back at you in a courtroom filled with absolutely none of my peers Why are you here? Is this some voyeuristic bullshit? See black man sing? Or maybe, just maybe You've been subjected to so many audio drive-bys and gang shootings That you yourself have become numb to the pain like me And you, check this out; have become insane from overdoses of reality Well stomach this; at the rate we're going right now white boy Yeah you, you and I will die holding each other's throats That's real, the world's at war, we're at war Check yourself, don't be me check your goddamn self It's going down, 1997, see the light Red lasers rip through my neighborhood at night, time is short Homicide is the number one sport [Chorus: Ernie C] Laaast dayyyys! Laaast dayyyyys!! Some last dayyyyys!! [Verse Two: Ice-T] So now that all the reality's soaked and.. You start to re-analyze every word I ever said, am I a racist? Or am I just someone who tells it how the fuck it is? Well the truth of the thing is I was raised on crime Walking through an environment so filled with so much hate Honestly, I do not feel that you are able to comprehend the magnitude of the evil But trip this; there were no white faces there, just black on black genocide The only white men there were the cops that showed up late in the fourth To outline the teenaged bodies in chalk So who do I hate? - do I hate you? - do I hate myself? Or possibly am I intelligent enough to only hold the conditions of the ghetto itself to blame? Not! who creates the conditions? Who stops affirmative action and welfare? Who loves the 3 strikes law? Didn't see them at the Million Man March Or the Three Hundred and Fifty-thousand Man March, let your daddy tell it There's a lot of lies out there, what side you on? Armageddon is near, I am the fourth rider of the apocalypse Recognize game!! [Chorus: Ernie C] Laaast dayyyys! Some last dayyyyys!! Laaast dayyyys! We're in the last dayyyyys!! Laaast dayyyys! These are the last dayyyyys!! Laaast dayyyys! [Break: Ice-T] But maybe I'm all wrong, maybe everything is okay Maybe we're all just gonna get along Maybe I'm tripping, maybe life is perfect, yeah right [Chorus: Ernie C until faded] [Outro: Ice-T overlapping the above chorus] I hate you, you hate me, and what does that equal? It equals nothing, and that's exactly what we're gonna have Nothing, we don't make a change soon, and who am I to tell you anything? I ain't nobody but a brother from South Central Whose had the opportunity to go around the world And I found out that we're all not really that different Racism is the number one enemy of earth There's only one race, the human race, and if we don't get it together soon Then this song is true, we are all living in the last days!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Jay-Z Album: 7th Deadly Sin Song: Intro (7th Deadly Sin) Typed by: ibdrdru@yahoo.com Seven deadly sins (repeated several times ­ Morgan Freeman) [Jay-Z] Yeah yeah yo Ice what's up? Just chilling ya heard? It's the god. Know what I mean?  Heard you preparing to drop this 7th deadly sin Know what I mean?  Just showing, you know, love, you know what I mean? One player to another, you know coastal How we do you know? Connect Hit me up, give me a call. You know how we do?   Peace out Roc-A-Fella Style, Peace [Ice-T] Motherfuckers said I'd never survive, here I am Check your sound scan virally grand out the box Bitches and glocks, hoes got rocks on my table Fuck your cable, you better Ice that shit Fuck you income you better twice that shit You couldn't see me if you stood right in front of a pimp You niggas make a million dollar but still manage to sink I can stop for 10 years and still be 5 years in front of ya What do ya want? Mad bitched to flaunt And mad wealth, but you fuckin hoes yourself If you caught one its like a lesbian connect You and a bitch all pussy no dick Since '86 I been bustin off clips Mashin mad whips, bendin hot chicks Westside them niggas that ride for this shit Fly to New York City, crack a Brooklyn bitch You see me in a tunnel with my niggas on hit Light skinned nigga in the full ink mink Fuckin off chump change on bitches and drinks (Yo Ice you fuck that bitch?) Nigga what do you think? I aint fuckin these hoes cause these bitches aint payin Pimpin to me, that aint no bullshit sayin Every song I hear today's about straight trickin Mother fuck a bitch, hoe get your heels kickin And all you niggas out there that don't like me Fuck you! Fuck what you're goin through, fuck your hood And all my real motherfuckers know it's all in the good A nigga came up like a real pimp should I feel you players out there givin me love And all my dead homies watchin me from above And all you down bitches recognize in the heat Step to a pimp when you see me on the street Let a nigga know that you down to hoe Represent the Ice and collect the dough This aint nothing new aint no mother fuckin façade I've bee rockin shit for over 10 years god You haters paralyze when a real baler comes around Nigga give it up and put you fuckin head down Cause you don't wanna talk to about how much dope you sold You don't wanna talk bout how hard you claim your role You don't really look me in the eyes sucker (Know why?) Cause game knows game And I don't know you buster You got a deal with you own reflection in the mirror So what you did a bid You still a bitch kid And not too many niggas gonna do what I did Come off the streets, make raps about the lifestyle Real for my niggas from the ghetto to the penile Say what you will I moved to the hills The seventh deadly is envy Nigga fuck how you feel! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Seventh Deadly Sin Song: Don't Hate the Playa Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Intro: Too $hort) Yeah man we just sittin' back, chillin' Bunch of players listenin' to the seventh deadly sin Short dawg is doin' his thing with my nigga Ice-T Don't fake the funk (Ice-T) Ice-T baby, this goes out to all you haters out there Actin' like a brother done did somethin' wrong cause he got his game tight Don't hate the player, hate the game (Chorus: Ice-T) Don't hate the player, hate the game Niggas, sharpen your aim Every baller on the streets is searchin' fortune and fame Some come up, some get done up, except the twist If you out for mega cheddar, you got to go high risk (Ice-T) Sometimes I get illy, cock back the nine-milli I choose not to bust, smack your punk-ass silly Just bought a crib, it cost two-point-five milli Swimming pool in my livin' room, I guess I'ma willy I don't get high, so I don't split the phillies Niggas say they gonna kill me and I say: "Oh really?" Hit my Kawazakie I pull off on a willy This is straight-lace pimpin', I know you hoes feel me I come through - make your whole club petrol You might as well let go, I blast, make the whole cub echo You don't really wannna test an L.A. vet though Most of my crews' on Death Row - the REAL!! Quick with the trigger, nice with the steel Step into the kill zone caps get peeled You WHACK!! you lookin' for a record deal Bow down, on second thought punk bitch kneel (Chorus: Ice-T) Don't hate the player, hate the game Niggas, sharpen your aim Every baller on the streets is searchin' fortune and fame Some come up, some get done up, except the twist If you out for mega cheddar, you got to go high risk Don't hate the player, hate the game Niggas, sharpen your aim Every baller on the streets is searchin' fortune and fame Some come up, some get done up, except the twist If you out for mega cheddar, you got to go high risk (Ice-T) Don't hate, cause my game's much, tighter than yours My girls, finer than yours My jewels shine, brighter than yours You look me dead in my face  then you act like you don't see me You wanna be me, you hate my motherfuckin' guts Lickin' nuts - what's the deal? It's a level playin' field, my games' against yours, hustlin' wars Roll the dice, risk your motherfuckin' life Bank rolls and low hoes, anything goes Ridin' rolls in a week, clap a nigga who speaks I'm suceedin', in tryin' to keep from bleedin' in the lane Crystal Meth, F.C.C., and Crack, Cocaine Got a nigga tryin' to figure out the best route I got cops in my rear view too, but I'll shoot Every bitch I meet is fuckin' up to somethin' Take a nigga to the crib lay him down and start dumpin' Gat pumpin', they'll kill your ass for a G Hate the game motherfucker don't hate me (Chorus: Ice-T) Don't hate the player, hate the game Niggas, sharpen your aim Every baller on the streets is searchin' fortune and fame Some come up, some get done up, except the twist If you out for mega cheddar, you got to go high risk (Ice-T) Yo, my name will sell better than rap like the ?Acropalis? Suckers might as well step back, there ain't no stoppin' this Whack magazines who tried and tried to toppen this I still got more Lexus' and gators on my shoppin' list Make a fist, take your best shot, bet you drop it kid Hit more licks than you and never caught a bid Make the whole world go crazy, they said about the pig Bald-headed hoes step back, bitch go and cop a wig When I do a show, best believe it drop Every night I got my straps, best believe they cocked Some bitch talks crazy, then that bitch gets socked If a man steps up, then he too gets dropped Fuck the cops, I'm still foldin' fat knots Catch me on the weekend, floatin' my yacht Say Ice kick some game and I'll teach you a lot Knock your bitch no matter how hard your block (Chorus: Ice-T) Don't hate the player, hate the game Niggas, sharpen your aim Every baller on the streets is searchin' fortune and fame Some come up, some get done up, except the twist If you out for mega cheddar, you got to go high risk Don't hate the player, hate the game Niggas, sharpen your aim Every baller on the streets is searchin' fortune and fame Some come up, some get done up, except the twist If you out for mega cheddar, you got to go high risk (Outro: Ice-T) I don't know why a player wanna hate T I didn't choose the game, the game chose me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ King T  Album: The Seventh Deadly Sin Song: Check Your Game Typed by: mart666@xxl.ee Chorus:  It's 99 players check your game Make sure them young boys respect your name  Keep your heaters at close reach cocked and ready  Cause the streets will catch you slipping, rock ya steady  Watch your back with your homies that you feel is real Your homeboys from your crew, yeah them the ones that do you  The suckas that got the player hater venom I wanna take 'em outside and lay some slugs up in em [King T] When they need work They call the cali drug expert Smashing in a six hundred dollar bill burnt Looking flossy living costly Off the edge, out of state  They gots to break bread, for sho  I needs mo' ice drops for the lexo Briggetts sets blow when I'm sipping the mo' Freelancing, trying to build a mansion  And stay faded Have hoes walk around my crib butt naked...  [Ice-T] True, pop the remy kick back and let the players represent  High floss true boss game and take aim These sucka wannabe's Nigga please - you're green I'll bend hoes on the downlow - banks obscene  Wanna chill with these niggas, bet you wish you could  And suck game out my ass like sponges  I run this  You can't fuck with the steelo You niggas wanna be low When I'm on the east I play ceelo  Cash flow  One track mind serial hustler  Quick to break a buster ya snitch bitch?  I'll dust ya  Bentley ballin' bastard  No hustler faster  Game maker  I knock a white bitch and break her [King T] But Ice, Chronic got me bruising my brain  But soothing my pain, I'm true to the game I got my mind made I gotta be that rich motherfucker Set it up so my grandkids don't suffer  The phat hummer  The phat drummer - what's your choice?  Trying to find a sister with a voice  Make her moist  I'm throwing up the W  Bringing trouble to  Those in sight King T and Big Ice  Chorus:  [Ice-T]  But T that's trippin' and that ain't my sport I'd rather lamp in my crib and flip the Robb report And set my v-dozen on the streets Bump my beats Cause when I'm twisting my dubs Can't nobody compete Imagine this:  A hundred G 'lex on your wrist  Imagine this:  About ten karrots on your fist Imagine this:  All dime hoes on your list Ha - that shit would be nice But your name ain't "Ice" - kid...  I'll screw the silencer on - rock you softly How you gonna step to me kid? You grew up off me  TV, Movies, and Records and Tours So many busters wearing Versace I don't wear it no more...  [King T] But this will be a classic  Many facets to get that ass kicked  The alchoholic Don, call me King Tragic  Watch me speak the magic Watch me teach that old habit - full of havoc  And Ice'll tweak the mix when it statics People pay Just to have me stay  And say a verse  I'll freak a couple words unrehearsed  Then I burst  I mean I bust From all angles  Guarunteed platium on your single [Ice-T] Yo T, I really must admit I'm blessed  Master V does some other shit TV's in the head rests  Never wear no vests because I got mad love  I catch respect when other niggas catch slugs  1, 2 I bust shit to load guns to Beats for the hoodlums  Somebody's gotta do'em Fed's screw 'em Faggot's got my whole crib bugged  Mad tapps on the phone cause I deal with the thugs  Drugs? never No, the Ice is too clever  I'm overseas Checkin G's Nigga please  Ballin' since the 70's - yeah baby  Blew up in the 80's  Now you niggas hate me You can't see me motherfucker your focus is off You can't be me motherfucker, you're broke and you're soft  Too many niggas try to pert my lifestyle - romancing  I was kickin game while them kids was breakdancing  Overlord - so why the wack niggas ain't dead? Probably because my aim is over nigga's heads/  East coast - west coast, I play the whole map and bounce/  They got a benz but live in their mom's house...  Chorus  [King T] To all my G's rock on get your ride on - when you hear it The forbidden Gangland lyric Player Haters fear it Get you right up close near it Possessed by the Eazy-E spirit Ice-T set the limit And niggas won't cross this line suicide - and niggas won't cross this nine in your mouth puffin' with my niggas down south what the fuck this really all about? man.. I'm coming out front and back, 98 brougham All you fake G's stay home Leave that shit alone King Tee's back on the throne And that nigga on the mic - straight gone Cra-zy, y'all niggas wanna know the real deal? I'll freestyle and smack you in your grill Bomb lyrics, no special effects or gimmicks The Syndicate will put you in the mix - biatch... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Seventh Deadly Sin Song: Get Your Moneyman Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Erick Sermon) Yo whassup, this the E-Double,  Green-Eyed-Bandit youknowhatI'msayin'? EPMD, Seven Deadly Sins Get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get your moneyman (yeah) Get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get your moneyman (Ice-T baby) Get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get your moneyman  (Chorus: Ice-T) Rock your hammers back cussers that's the way that we ball Rims so fat, looks will digitise it all Get your moneyman lock your blocks, cock your glocks Really doe - bust until your barrels glow (*gunshot*) (Ice-T) Nigga tryin', then got tied up buttnaked Fuckin' with the master of this, jacker of this Squeezin' off until I fuckin' sprain my wrist Slap the clip into Armageddon and start wettin' Grit my teeth, bring it like the Persian Gulf Airstrike you, burn you with the mic to might you Thinkin' about takin' me out - huh you're funny More guns and more money, think about it You're dead I'm livin You're fuckin' with the unforgiven - nigga what? West Side's up - L.A., nigga bounce all day Look in my eyes, what you see ain't no bitch or pimp Nigga from the Central and I'm gonna stay rich Nightmares of bein' broke keep me flowin' like this Weak niggas - you're sure to get lost in the bliss This is for the niggas, quick to slaughter Resumes held by the D.A.'s, the ballers (Chorus: Ice-T) Rock your hammers back cussers that's the way that we ball Rims so fat, looks will digitise it all Get your moneyman lock your blocks, cock your glocks Really doe - bust until your barrels glow (*gunshot*) Rock your hammers back cussers that's the way that we ball Rims so fat, looks will digitise it all Get your moneyman lock your blocks, cock your glocks Really doe - bust until your barrels glow (*gunshot*) (Ice-T) To all my niggas on the East and West that rock vests Get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get your moneyman To all the killers that's real, quick to flex the steel Get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get your moneyman To my hard-hustlin' girls all around the world for ice Get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get your moneyman It's ninety-eight, it's never too late playa Get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get your moneyman (Ice-T) Many casualties caught in the cross-fire mix while whole crews flash they fo-fo's in the flicks Magazine after magazine gets stomped in the street Late night, auto, maga-static Hit the next turn, hang 'em out and cause havoc Your cash, your block, I gotta have it Nigga normally toss it up and live lavish My traps well lured, I go hardboard It gets loud, known for bustin' off in crowds Word 'em up, hurt 'em up, move out, blow the spot Round two, rounds flew (*shots*) in the parkin' lot Niggas rallied up to see who got shot Wait down G, my whole crew surrounds me We outty, niggas known to sit the stompede and get rowdy L.A. - niggas know my flow They see me on the shore, when I'm rippin' my rows (Chorus: Ice-T) Rock your hammers back cussers that's the way that we ball Rims so fat, looks will digitise it all Get your moneyman lock your blocks, cock your glocks Really doe - bust until your barrels glow (*gunshot*) Rock your hammers back cussers that's the way that we ball Rims so fat, looks will digitise it all Get your moneyman lock your blocks, cock your glocks Really doe - bust off until your barrels glow (*gunshot*) (Ice-T) To all my niggas on the East and West that rock vests Get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get your moneyman To all the killers that's real, quick to flex the steel Get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get your moneyman To my hard-hustlin' girls all around the world for ice Get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get your moneyman It's ninety-eight, it's never too late players Get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get your moneyman Get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get your moneyman Get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get your moneyman Get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get your moneyman... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Marc Live, Ras Kass, Tash (Tha Liks) Album: Seventh Deadly Sin Song: The 7th Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Ant Banks) This is Ant Banks, and it's hella motherfuckin' deadly sins But don't ever fuck with the seventh bitch (Intro: Ras Kass) Yeah, seventh, uh-huh, first things first man you're messin' with the worst One, come on, come on, one (Chorus: Marc Live) Yo, yo, yo motherfuckers can't fuck with this, realness Seventh sin deadly, raise the key to rock steady Run son the hour has come, touch ya Remember this, real niggas don't rhyme we walk up and buck ya Stuck ya in the head, rush ya Trife niggas knife you, seven venoms fight you Your life's through, fuckin' with the wrong click - kapow!! From the crackhouse, niggas quick to blow your back out (Marc Live) Enough talk, niggas talk too much, let's set it Time to splash bitch niggas, gun fights, paramedics Call my regiment up at midnight, tape on a flash light Youn claim you want beef, it's too tough, called your bluff Shot you at such close range, blew out your eardrum Caught you with my mack, blast your cage our your back Yo, the nigga stepped up and got bucked by my ninja's Casualty after casualty all up in ya Ya not a street vet yet bitch, just a beginner My niggas eat punk like your crew for dinner Rock ya in broad daylight to make the wrist-double Hit ya then lower my gun and watch ya chest bubble Step up, feel the Teflon, black talent Rip through your vest, hit your chest, lose your balance You never had no drama with the real, now ya want it? My skill got you haunted, my ski-mask got ??? (Marc Live) Aiyyo blackout, my whole click we blastout The wrong move, show improve you assed out Venom it, warn the niggas, treacherous Squeeze automatic, quick to bust fuck with us Yo the worst niggas, work the bitch to double figures In new sixes, hennessey with dark mixes The richest, fuck around, you won't fix it Toke, heavy metal, settle shit, rebel shit Fuck a cop, why not, we last niggas on your block Last standin', coked up, we fucked up Twenty g's, rope 'em up, you in the trunk - Lex Coupe I'll leave a nigga with cement boots Now we off lootin', hold me down, yo I'll start shootin' in ya double lefts and tell the rest an' Marc Li-ive, fuck the pad, bust his ass and slide my fuckin' heat in the stash (Chorus: Marc Live) Yo, yo, yo motherfuckers can't fuck with this, realness Seventh sin deadly, raise the key to rock steady Run son the hour has come, touch ya Remember this, real niggas don't rhyme we walk up and buck ya Stuck ya in the head, rush ya Trife niggas knife you, seven venoms fight you Your life's through, fuckin' with the wrong click - kapow!! From the crackhouse, niggas quick to blow your back out (Ras Kass) She musta kicked off like special teams I walk rare from a muchy bled nigga all lookin' like Grenedine Murder scene, three to the head, three to the sline We tied that motherfuckin' number like Kareem It seems that I used to wonder why niggas don't give a fuck within 2G - niggas is just buck From hip-hoppers to gangsta's, sportin' stompers at yompers The mirror has two faces in this room is not proper So we religiously pray for peace and pack one I walk softly, carry a big dick these family jewels is my most important riches but I still want my liquor, my sorry-ass friends and my bitch And nigga this me, I only see green like a Marine Support Calvin Klein jeans, fed a bitch from the Phillipines with a immoral nose ring (masterbatin' with a magazine!!) Yeah, I'm acid 9 and half the time undercover Fuck you, your lesbain lover and your mother with the same brother The blade runner, my games' tight I could talk the Virgin Mary outta panties the same night (Castrophe) And that's the seventh deadly sin as the terror begins Me and my friends came to rob ya for your props and your ends Tuck it in, my niggas want, whatever's costin' The rings plus the watch, plus thst chain from the slossin' Son, that's why I go in and shit stop Last night my nigga Ice-T had to pop a cop I write the chop-chop lyrics, tryin' not to scratch the detail I put 'em through the system, slang 'em out at full retail It's thirty g's for the title and the ki's Throw in the extra three and take the tyres and the D's Nigga please, this is lik-wit and I'm the Alki At three months from now you're gonna read all about me One cause I smoke 'em, two cause I'm wealthy Three because I rapped on my nigga Ice's LP It's Castrophe, lik-wit fam, lik-wit crew West Coast is in the house nigga, what you wanna do? (Chorus: Marc Live) Yo, yo, yo motherfuckers can't fuck with this, realness Seventh sin deadly, raise the key to rock steady Run son the hour has come, touch ya Remember this, real niggas don't rhyme we walk up and buck ya Stuck ya in the head, rush ya Trife niggas knife you, seven venoms fight you Your life's through, fuckin' with the wrong click - kapow!! From the crackhouse, niggas quick to blow your back out (Outro: Marc Live) Yeah, seventh deadly sin bitch Ice-T, Marc Li-ive, Ras Kass, Castrophe... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T  Album: The Seventh Deadly Sin Song: NY, NY Typed by: mart666@xxl.ee  The seventh baby...  Chorus: I represent from LA  All the way to (NY NY)  And when I get down  I get down here in LA  All the way to (NY NY)  And when I parley  I parley here in LA All the way to (NY NY)  Touched the Iceberg baby  I'll send you under like the Titanic  Gun fight romantic Gigantic on the pages  Of the hustler trade  World reknown for my realness Only the real will feel this  Stainless steel is  The straps that I'm copulating  Touch'em a lady (?)  Blow your hand off  African stand-off  The general Ice the hardest mineral  Feel me, a gem correct  One thing that I got you'll never get's respect  I stick the pits on ya  I represent California  Home of the shooters The looters The drug movers Girl barracuda  Set you up for the kill  Where you're really not ballin unless you got 10 mill  I shine so bright I blind ya  Cross my crew, we'll find ya  It's a motherfuckin shame  My dominance to this game  I live for gun smoke aroma  Mack yo' bitch into a coma  Two hoes like Noah of every type Bitches I kick to curbs, you would make your wife  Twice hit by the gun spit, kid still breathing  While half you busters in this damn game are still teething Believe it if you say it enough that you'll be it  You never lived none of your raps, or even seen it  I mean it, every word a brother say  Everyday a brother play, kid  I politic and parley  The fact is I practice Camoflauge to this  R & B androgynous  Get the most play  So I get fly Do a movie - quadruple my cash  You just went double platinum Let's see if you last Every word that I say is documented and repeated The truth is, I dropped the raw game, boy believe it I've succeeded, in turning dirty dough legal  Bounced to the Bentley from the prime-it-up Regal  Like Biggie says, It's unbelieveable  My street pull You even play like step in my way You'll meet my people Chorus  I've been round the world ballin, did it all, what's next?  While most of y'all busters on your first rolex  Been deep in the life kid, since 76  Touched the water, the crack game, the jewelry licks  Fix yourself if you're broke fool, that ain't my fault  The game must be taught and comprehended, then implemented  Moves done illegally, carried out strategically  Or else incarceration is felt, the hand is dealt You lose it's frightening  Hit with 10 indictments  Kiss your baby and your wife  You're riding kites for life  Alot of y'all won't feel me, but some of y'all do  I'll move at least a half a mill of this before I'm through  That ain't the most, but I've done this longer than you  Plus it ain't my only gig, I'm still connected  With the boys that can flip a thou to a ticket  Wicked My stature when you're in my rapture  Meet me on the street? I'm the nicest brother you meet  Confusing sometimes, the way I bust a rough rhyme  You might think I'm lying, cool I like that  I smile in your face, squeeze off the case, rock the glock back  In your stomach, then I'll smile again Don't want to be your enemy, I'd rather be your friend  Only the real win in the game, but what's the prize?  Every man goes through mad drama, and every man dies  Look in my eyes, touch my soul, I ain't like you The evil I've done, I've got lots of retribution to do That's an impossible task, 'cause every night the gats blast So I look to the sky and ask I've been blessed by God to rock this mic hard, so I do it You got a problem, work through it I love New York night, bright lights and action  I love bailin with my Bronx niggas, party crashin I love switch hittin with my niggas on the shaw  You might see me in New Orleans at Mardi Gras  Or Miami at the Lex, in the Oaktown live  Or in Chi-town at the Players Ball, true P.I.  Pimp or Die, Ice baby, it's a well known fact  That true players play the whole map.  And we play all the way to (NY NY)  Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Seventh Deadly Sin Song: Valuable Game Typed By: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Intro: Ice-T) This song is dedicated to my man Tupac Shakur, rest in peace!! Notorious B.I.G., rest in peace!! And all my other homies that have died in the madness called street life Rest in peace!! (Chorus) I'ma straight up G, let's not pretend Dedicated to, all of my friends On the East and the West Coast Gotta let this drama go (Ice-T) Nineteen eighty six, deep in the mix me and my team out for cream and jewel-liks the faster, the better, blood, leather, the baby sledge Case hitters - me, I'm the point man Give less than a damn about anything, just let my hammer swing Come up, give me my cut - what? Girls don't mean nothin' to me, don't push the button on me Out for the twist, ya nastically nasty G Basically makin' me anti-social individual, too hype Recognize the type? Then a music called hip-hop came along and saved my life I had a story to tell about my knowledge of hell $2.50 for a book, listen and look, now let's do some Math A gun and a hand, plus an angry man, minus love equals and me, the sky's blue and they rags toe-tags and body bags - y'all feel me? Is it too real G? Brothers say drop some heat T Absoultely, everything's goochie since we realized this games' the only one we got left Hip-hop's become the game of death Some of y'all busters out there tryin' to waste up It would've took some of us hustlers all this time to lace up (Chorus) I'ma straight up G, let's not pretend Dedicated to, all of my friends On the East and the West Coast Gotta let this drama go (Ice-T) Ok, let me break it down, they got the one strike law You go in, you reach the other two before you know what happen to you - game's over dude On the next page, they got power in effect while you two rednecks waitin' to see which one of us kills the next brother next Think about it too long'll make you sick Believe me the last thing they wanna see is us risin' economically, astronomically it could happen homie - follow me Hip-hop's the black goal - mind and soul refined as we roll, another ghetto story is told I stopped flippin' ki's in eighty three They need a time machine to carcerate me I'm square as a pool table, twice as green, know what I mean? flippin' from heat, the legal green, the hip-hop scene Beef, the only beef I got is the steak  I'm tryin' to eat from the players elite East, West, North, South, Moon, Star I'm gonna ball wherever the chips are I hope y'all players listen, ain't out there hatin' and dissin' Y'all know the game is to be sold and not told I should be takin' a collection, this time I'll make an exception I've just been here for the start of this I gotta come from the heart for this (Chorus) I'ma straight up G, let's not pretend Dedicated to, all of my friends On the East and the West Coast Gotta let this drama go (Ice-T) Some nights I lay awake tryin' to analyse  and anticipate the moves of the fakes Wonder if the cancers' in too deep - can't sleep Tryin' to diagnose the poison that's increased injected into a pure hustle born on city streak Migranes fill my brain as I reach toward the realm of the insane Wishin' and prayin' that another brother gets  to live the life that I got to play in Tryin' to represent to the fullest I gotta come hard y'all, no time to pull it Y'all fools think illin' and tearin' up hip-hop is the thing to do G? I'm paid I don't need rap no more fool I make a movie Y'all tryin' to lose me And to y'all suckers with your afrobatic, player hatin' tatics tryin' to jump over the bree and plannin' and hustlin' I've been corporatin' to this music over these years Y'all will fall victim to your own lies and the P.I. will continue to rise, over your eyes kid This games' immaculate, dramas' irrelevant - stay sucker reppellin' Invent, incoporate, parlay, play And I got no reason to lie to you (Chorus) I'ma straight up G, let's not pretend Dedicated to, all of my friends On the East and the West Coast Gotta let this drama go I'ma straight up G, let's not pretend Dedicated to, all of my friends On the East and the West Coast Gotta let this drama go ------------------------------------------------------------ Are You Hip? Get Hip! http://www.gohip.com The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Buckshot Shorty Album: Seventh Deadly Sin Song: Eye of the Storm Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Intro: KAM) Aiyyo this is Kam representin' Watts in Compton (Buckshot Shorty) Anything can happen Don't stop, huh, ha, huh, uh, yeah, shit (Buckshot, Ice-T) Buckshot, he be the emcee What, watch your step (Buckshot Shorty) Can I hear it for Buckshot? (Buckshot) Buck's hot, spell it and yell it but the shit don't stop It be hot, y'all niggas is worthless in the money market I'm buck you ain't worth shit, nigga what? Think about it, shorty what you drivin' stoned by your daddy Oops, you almost had me, geesed up until I saw the truth And one day I see you standin' at a token booth It was on a hot wet night, I think it was a Saturday Right after that party that he lead out down the way Gunshots spread - everyday, all day (fuck!) D.T.'s rushed the party in 2K Buck - The Beef be - fled the scene right before the cops and the Swats came with the triple beam Uh, shit is real you know how we do when the young niggas peel out Don't squeal (*undecipherable*) (Ice-T) If you niggas don't know you should know by now Ice got more game than the law allows Straight up - the biggest baller in the industry Went straight from pimpin' hoes on the NBC Do you feel me? I dealed it, ace off the bottom Hoe's got 'em, I'm the one you just can't fade Rolex in the tenth grade, hair was laid Everything I wore to school baby was tailor made Shot dice in the bathroom on my knees I'll roll across the break and break that ass with these Start hittin' jewel-liks, re-investin' in ki's Drop the top on the flo', let you feel the breeze (Buckshot Shorty) Trees make my eyes bleed I come from an ill breed Thoroughbred born from a strong seed Led by a bunch of individuals (Ali) Uh, criminals to generals - this is like wow! Look at how my brain ay blew you out the frames twist of fate cause you say the same shit now The Local Mobb Grill and let y'all niggas know I'm dead I'm serious, somebody can get killed Wait for the fire drill and when you start to smell the smoke run nigga Buck ain't no joke I'll buck a shot at your zipped up coat Chop the throat like a blow from Judo, nigga you know (Ice-T) Is it new year God? I'm comin' back mad-hard Movin' harder than a convict with a shack in the yard New Jacks wanna hear me rap beggin' for freestyle skills I've served so many rappers I can make a land field fool You've doubt for a mic dude, the Ice is a jewel Fuck rules , I got more pool than a mule Matter of fact, never comprehend the styles I sin I've been breakin', annihilate fakes and tens See I'm a nigga from the West Side cheered I peel libs What prayin' that you do hill when I all ready did Like your girl gotta admit she was a sexy bitch But I hit it with the Gin so my nuts don't itch (Whta, what, what?) (Buckshot Shorty) Buck's got ya locked, body drawn like pit bulls We don't give a fuck if we have to pull, click, shit Brooklyn niggas is known to rep-resent Any nigga happened that's why I left Niggas get strep-throats, throats get strepped Get your shit taken then your shit is kept Uh, shit in a step, if not got your back broke Plus ya jaw tapped, snapped your 'Adams Ap' It's just a fact that niggas ain't shit Ain't shit like Egyptians, nigga trippin' Beenie-eyed, never slippin', I'm grippin' the four-twenty Motherfuck the bullshit talk - where the money? Years ago, a friend of me ask me to start up a company Duck Down's the name, rap music is the aim Lyrically I bring the pain and lock the game with no padlock and chain Some said that Buck went bust But when I came out, I left 'em all in the dust Look at your sound scam, original brown man Makin' million everytime I drop a jam (Ice-T) Nigga duck, DJ drop the cut, huh 250 niggas throw they sets up L.A. style, nigga what? (West Side!!) If you've never seen it before they'll put a knot in your gut Stand up, check your areas your group, your troops These gang killers is real plus they, off the loot Proceedin' to leave a nigga bleedin' They love to fuck up in a frenzy, let fuckin' sharks feed me Bitches start screamin' and stampedin' Thank God it's evening, I didn't leave the burner in the B.M. Where my nigga Buck, nobody seen him Probably in the Eye Of The Storm where the ill perform, perform, perform... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: The Seventh Deadly Sin Song: Always Wanted to be a Ho Typed by: mart666@xxl.ee  [Intro] This goes out to all you ladies out there.  A lot of you won't grow up to be lawyers or doctors,  but you have a dream. And I think you should follow your dream.  When you was just a little girl, you used to love nice things  Pretty party dresses, candy and rings You was your Momma's little angel, Daddy's little girl  They used to fix your hair up in pretty ribbons and curls Your sex drive was much deeper than the rest of the girls You used to freak your boyfriends, take them 'round the world  As a teen, you didn't like school that much Your moms drank, your daddy likes to cuddle and touch Too much, so you hit the street looking for love Affection and devotion, met none of the above Met me in the club working your fake id  Looked me in the face like a slave set free I said walk into my eyes baby, come with me  I can show you things that you dream to see  Take you off the street get you something to eat  Something nice to wear and a place to sleep My name is Ice, I'm the nicest guy you're ever gonna meet  Tell me what you want, I'll make your life complete  She said, I always wanted to be a ho I always wanted to be a ho You just had to find the player that was right for you,  Now you met the Ice baby, and your dreams came true The first thing we're gonna do is buy yourself a new dress  Take some pictures, put you in the LA Express Teach you how to walk in some high heeled shoes  Let you strut your stuff by the House of Blues  Or farther down Sunset where the tricks all cruise  "Are you my pimp?"  Oh dear God don't say that  I'm your manager, your boyfriend, you're agent, your mack  Now I'm a do my hair baby, I'll be right back  Because we gotta look good when we hits the track  Now your real name? "Shirl"  Yeah, we gotta change that  I think I'll call you Apple, cause your ass is kinda fat  How old are you? "16"  Well that's just right But you're 18 if anybody asks tonight I'm a teach you how to get this long paper right Catch a trick, suck his dick, break his ass for life  Cause I love you, that's all you really need to know  I'm 'bout to miss my hair appointment, girl I got to go  She said, I always wanted to be a ho I always wanted to be a ho You just had to find the player that was right for you,  Now you met the Ice baby, and your dreams came true "Now what if I meet a trick that got long cash?"  That's when I call the crew with the black ski masks But right now we'll only worry 'bout the basic stroll  Hooking up my Cadillac, and upping my gold  A hundred for a full hit, 50 for a hand Throw in a blow job, they'll fuck off grands  I may even put you where the real johns at Some call the strip club, I call the indoor track They got lap dancers, table dancers, mad back rooms  And you can double up your profit if you take them home  "I wanna be the best"  Well this game's the test G-string bikinis and silicone breasts Suckas break themselves just to sniff your nest And if you get tired, I got crystal meth "I think I'm in love..."  Baby doll it's on You were made for me baby, since the day you were born  You just had to find the player that was right for you  Now you met the Ice baby, and your dreams came true  [Outro] Yeah baby, we gonna do a lot of beautiful things for each other  You know what I'm saying?  We gonna get me a new car We gonna get me some better jewelry  Some nicer rags, you know what I'm saying?  We gonna help each other out, you know what I'm saying?  We gonna get me a new pad, you know?  Maybe get me a Rolex We gonna do a lot of things for each other, it's gonna be beautiful  Me and you  I love you baby We gonna put a whole lot of money in my pocket  That's what we gonna do. You are so cute in that dress  That's right  Damn, go on,  get your ass out there and do something right quick for a player Yeah I love you, get your fucking ass out there I love you, get the fuck out.. aiite.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ El Sadiq, Powerlord JEL Album: Seventh Deadly Sin Song: Fuck It Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Intro: WC) Dub-C from the Westside Connect Gang Dub-C from the Westside Connect Gang Dub-C from the Westside Connect Gang (Ice-T) Yeah 'sup with these niggas in the club lookin' at niggas crazy and shit (Word, yeah fuck them body-o's homes) Motherfuckers is faggots (call me nigga?) (Ice-T) Step back it's the ultimate nigga with the hot shit The last standin' man, smack you with my backhand The veteran-er-the games you claim to be in Let me begin, express it, explain the dilemma (Chorus: Ice-T) It's either them or us, niggas that bust Niggas who ride, niggas that'll kill for this side Down to get down with the three-o-to-four pound Hit a nigga dead in his wig - FUCK IT!! (Ice-T) It's the National Pass Time, it's blast time - club's out Niggas break ill, pop-drunks get the guns out Set the shit off with the full clips Niggas lookin' hard in the club - now whassup bitch? Whassup bitch?!! Pull your weapon if you got it I'da shot it, plus you never live with rockets tried to dodge it, caught you all in the arm pit Easy target, dug you out in the lot kid (Chorus: Ice-T) It's either them or us, niggas that bust Niggas that ride, niggas that'll kill for this side Down to get down with the three-o-to-four pound Hit a nigga dead in his wig - FUCK IT!! It's either them or us, niggas that bust Niggas that ride, niggas that'll kill for this side Down to get down with the three-o-to-four pound Hit a nigga dead in his wig - FUCK IT!! (El Sadiq) Yo, too many bitch-ass-niggas think they got a lot And I'ma dead these wannabe heads with consecutive shots Man, they smile up in you, griller wanna give you a pen Stick it to your crew like glue like they been down Man listen, kill that bull with the fake-ass handshakes You can slide by me with the rest of them damn snakes Flakin' like paper while I'm takin' my life serious You talkin' and playin', your whole antenna's mystevious Claimin' that you got juice with an ultimate ??? But when the brother test you, murder and recieved no types of love You think you got game, with that favour to your brain? FUCK YA NAME!!! Stompin' the rut got yourself to blame I represent Castor - bring it to you live But cool and civilized, despise a nigga's livin' lies No alibi's I see the weakness in your eyes dun You wanna run? Plus ya scared to shoot a gun for fun You bust a couple of slugs off the rooftop My team, come and touch ya somethin', make ya crew drop My nigga ICE, twice as nice El Sadiq free shit but platinum mics Chorus: Ice-T) It's either them or us, niggas that bust Niggas that ride, niggas that'll kill for this side Down to get down with the three-o-to-four pound Hit a nigga dead in his wig - FUCK IT!! It's either them or us, niggas that bust Niggas that ride, niggas that'll kill for this side Down to get down with the three-o-to-four pound Hit a nigga dead in his wig - FUCK IT!! (Powerlord JEL) You wanna get live? Start scaubblin' with the bald-heads callin' them family, told 'em nothin' but the feds That's the blue and red who be dead when the sunrise come six in the mornin'? I'm maxin' like a wiseguy Know the John Gotti but I'm fuckin' up the body Everytime my poet thug at a party Ya wanna step to T, go through JEL first But remember where you see your homicide show rehearsed Check 'em tag-times like they do with a pencil No more solitary cause we mashin' in a Benzo Next who gettin' hitters talkin' shit cause we bit 'em Seven Deadly Sinner, problem-atic-rhyme-spitter You a quitter - but I'ma bomb steady If I was out of slugs, look out for Machette from ear to ear homes, it's clear, you'll be bleedin' Not me motherfucker lifestyles I've been devin' Chorus: Ice-T) It's either them or us, niggas that bust Niggas that ride, niggas that'll kill for this side Down to get down with the three-o-to-four pound Hit a nigga dead in his wig - FUCK IT!! It's either them or us, niggas that bust Niggas that ride, niggas that'll kill for this side Down to get down with the three-o-to-four pound Hit a nigga dead in his wig - FUCK IT!! (Outro: Ice-T) Yeah, Ice-T nigga, El sadiq nigga JEL - Rhyme Poetic Mafia nigga You niggas really don't wanna get down Talk a lot of shit but you don't wanna get down Bitch-ass-niggas, hit a nigga dead in his wig FUCK IT!!! Seventh... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ CJ Mac Album: Seventh Deadly Sin Song: CJ Mac Interlude Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (CJ Mac) I still sell around the club, grips and bloods and hoodrats, all around me Ain't nobody guards, but ain't nobody tryin' to clown me Hehe, my ass motherfucker try an' test Last six days your whole gay crew, buyin' vests and ass bets Hit it like DeNiro and Pacino gettin' head like I'm Little Nickie Play the "Casino", greedy bitches gettin' blown like Sharon gettin' stoned But this ain't no fuckin' movie, ain't nobody yellin' "cut" and gettin' up Fuck the bullshit, I pull quick and unload Leave a nigga ass - bumpy like a toad and stay trippin', accused of crippin' And ain't the Nine shit that stay flyin' by in six-hundred giant shit Ooh wee, look at me, keep it rollin' and I remember back when my draws were stolen, but valued to keep it ballin' Fuck you and a nigga tryin' to speak Realsome player shit ain't too played out to get deep - motherfucker!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Seventh Deadly Sin Song: Retaliation Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Intro: Ice-T) Every year the same shit happens More fuckin' funerals, dead homies Niggas out here killin' each other I don't know why And when it happens to you just can't turn the other fuckin' cheek Gotta get back for your dead niggas Yeah I'm caught up to (Ice-T) Sometimes I sit and wonder how many motherfuckers gonna die this summer Gunshots from the hummer Now the sawed-off riot pumps lead across your beds They said: "Mama, less you wouldn't strike back" mack ten, eleven, twelve, hit us and then puts us to hell They started it, there's no way to mend it, we'll end it My crew'll hit the matresses, G.O.D. Father style - all prepared to get buckwild Half my niggas ball, other half ain't got it all They stay up at nights waitin' on a combat call Drinkin' hard liquor, smokin' mad loop and shit So high, sometimes I even gotta load they clips I ain't mad at them though, they dumps the ammo in you, suspend you in here, hell yeah It's the time that the real niggas live for retaliation Move on 'em, show, improve on 'em All you punk bitches just stand back and watch Me, I'm oilin' up the Heckler & Gotch I gots no love, for them busters, who put the work in I can still see my fuckin' boys' body jerkin' I ran over to him, put my hand on his chest Hole like an apple in the side of his neck His eyes glanced up, his body jerked once more There's nothin' else to do but to go to war Slide the hollow-tips in the chrome four-four Roll down the windows, hang the heat out the door Catch all the fuckin' bodies that I can tonight Double-back on your bitch crew, broad daylight (Chorus: Ice-T) There's no innocence allowed in these ghetto streets Grab your guns, buck 'em off, when ya hit your leak Tell me what would you do if they killed your best friend? Could you keep your cool, would the wounds mend? If I said "peace", I'll be a motherfuckin' liar ("I'm lettin' off until my arms tired" - cut and scratched*)Retaliation (Ice-T) Been packin' straps so long I gots some permanent bruise in my leg Better that than dead Now it's time to show you what I'm trained for in this Rally up the wolfpack-attack relentless Make ya understand it was the wrong crew ya fuck with Now it's on bitches, guys are darker than shit You musta not a known when you fuckin' hit that day Or maybe you di, you're dyin' anyway And not just you, some of your family To tell you the truth any fuckin' body we see You might just wanna turn yourself into me To save your hood pain of my crews' treachery You fucked up, we know who you are, where ya live We got your place ran up to a cop on the tick We'll hit your block so hard, you'll swear it was an earthquake Squeeze off the fully-auto, make your whole crib shake I know you're breathin' hard, livin' on your last day Or maybe, you're laughin', thinkin' that you got away I don't give a fuck, I won't sleep Till one of us lays me and my nigga  That's the fear of these triggers If ya smart, ya probably make a break out of state We'll just snatch your kid, grab your fuckin' bitch and wait I'll catch ya down South, lay your ass out straight There's no where to run, it's time to meet your make You got one chance, arm your whole damn crew I couldn't stop my fuckin' niggas if I wanted to (Chorus: Ice-T) There's no innocence allowed in these ghetto streets Grab your guns, buck 'em off, when ya hit your leak Tell me what would you do if they killed your best friend? Could you keep your cool, would the wounds mend? If I said "peace", I'll be a motherfuckin' liar ("I'm lettin' off until my arms tired" - *cut and scratched*) Retaliation ("Lettin' off until my arms tired" - *cut and scratched*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Threat Album: Seventh Deadly Sin Song: Threat Interlude Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Threat) What they screamin' when they shout? Who they fiendin' fo' - Zoo rock the house fo' sure We boom you need some elbow room, that's right Cause I be chokin' the mic, place me under arrest I'm on the hit list baby cause I'm one of the best We on a quest all across the coast to get fresh, yeah, yeah Nigga fly like the air, been up in the game and you can keep the change Tried to smash all the beef, turn the leaf over Cheap Rock-Rolla, can't be seen, bring your football team Bump your Queen plus we want the chips Spank the white man on his ass with the whip The world is fillin' us, killin' us softly, Adolf Khadafi Still real gangsters don't tell what they do, they just do what they got to The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T  Album: The Seventh Deadly Sin Song: Check Your Heart Typed by: mart666@xxl.ee  [Intro] Yo Ice - We heard what happened man  We heard some niggas ran in on you man Yeah yeah, shit was fucked up man, it was real fucked up Don't worry - We know who did it  What're you talkin about man?  The shit just happened like 3 hours ago Yeah - but we know who did it man... it was your boy What? Naugh man I'm not trying to hear that Yo listen man, it was your boy man - He talks a lot  I can't believe this shit man, I grew up with this nigga man This motherfucker, I would've died for this nigga man And this nigga set me up? You're now fucking with your last nigga Quick to blast nigga  Gauge Masturbator  Chest Plate disintegrator, rider  I never wore no mask, wacked the witness - vestless  I'll put you on the graveyard's guest list ICE - cause I lack all emotions, I'm heartless  That's why I can't figure for the life of me  You'd want to start this  My crew is bottomless Street Lobotomists  Gun slingers  Glock cocked and diamond ringers  Hustlers  My nigga got shot but still alive He took a full clip from another player's 25  And he said he's rolling with me, if you're coming I told him, stay home, rest up, I got enough gunning  Homiciders  Ballin' rag Rolls riders  Blood letters Money getters  Life betters The last thing I heard you say you said I was a dead man, bitch  I'll put you right into gun point, you snitch  Now I know your plans are rolling on me, late when I sleep Why don't we do this man to man? Let them bitch niggas creep I still remember in the days when we was friends chillin Now it seems you going to have to be my next killin Chorus: You wanna go to war, nigga tell me why?  Punk niggas talk shit, bitch niggas die  I never backed down and it ain't no time to start  Let's take it to the streets and I'm a check your heart You must be death wishing, what's up? You know my steelo  Got love with the illest of blacks and amigos Your jealousy is outta hand, I can't fuck wit'cha And all your so-called down niggas, say good luck to ya  They know you're off the hook and you're soon to bleed  My reputation states that I kills with speed  More drama than a rap verse  You'll feel the mack first  In your back first  Then the black hearse Goddamn, I can't understand the drama why?  To tell the fucking truth I thought your crew was fly  Now you're talking that shit like a bitch on the rag  Don't give a fuck about your set or the pants you sag  I drop a hot one in your forehead, neck and mouth  Then rush a hospital and bank ya if you don't check out  Cause I'm a mad nigga once, a crazy nigga twice  A cold blooded motherfucker, that's why they call me ICE  And if you told me this would happen I would said never - no, we down forever - we flipped keys together  Now the street talkers say you want my spot  A lotta niggas did, A lotta niggas shot Chorus It's obvious some sucka niggas got ya gassed Let's see if they around you when the gunshots blast  It ain't nothing nice, letting off slugs under the street life  Early deaths, dry gags and last breaths I seen your time before you want - war till it's on  How to fuck with the king, when you're a bullshit pawn?  I can't comprehend your stupidity, miscalculation  Word to obstetricians show your crews anhiliation  Predicted, Brains get evicted, Fuckin with me kid Bullets lift your lid And watch your weak kool aid heart run down the drain  I got the Method Man who came to bring the pain Let you know quick, niggas suck dick if you trip  Used to be my homie, now you just a punk ho bitch  Frustration leads to aggravation and dismay  Now you're player haten, but that's the wrong game to play  I light your block up, kidnap your moms - snatch your woman  You beg for me to stop, but I'll just keep coming You're fucking with the illest fool in Southern California  I can roll with ya, or motherfuckin' on ya Chorus Yeah, I know the real nigga can feel this.  This is dedicated to all my "friends" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Sondoobiest Album: Seventh Deadly Sin Song: Sondoobiest Interlude Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com AAAAAAWWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOO!! (Sondoobiest) Mic smugglers, hustlers, hold your jugglers Forty guzzlers, muscular, Son'll fuck wit'cha One of ya, actin' funnier, think you're hungrier Some of y'all know, the streets stay ghetto govenor Swash Buckler, Club King, pull the gun to her For the love of her, punish 'em, drop they juggler Son's guns stompin' dirt, hurts come at runnier Son's luckier, put your money up and stumbler Raise her birthday, cut yo' - Son Gun-the-Gun Comes from vomit coke, drunk number runs Club tumblers who thug wit' us - double up Mother-luggers shots blast, Ice what the fuck?!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Radzay, Bazaro & Grip Album: Seventh Deadly Sin Song: Hardcore Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Intro: Ice-T) Yeah, Ice-T nigga, Seventh Deadly Sin It's all about that hardcore mind Got my nigga Radzay, my nigga Bazaro, my girl Gripsta in the house We gonna do it for all the hardcore niggas out there like this... (Radzay) A hard hit makes a soft ass, that's what they told me huh! I'm totally gone, I'm in another zone nigga put me on this We layin' stick, my lyrics is heat Havin' visions of ritual mirrors inside my sleep - nigga peep I remember watchin' the news, dead people in jimmy bag I got a Nine nigga get me mad And watch me throw up razorblades and get to trippin' I'm cats and crippin', lickin' is civil like Jack the Ripper I'm on a mission drippin'-a-fog An when it sees a million motherfuckers deceased some of police are brutal hog, I'm actor-baitin' No hesitation to slice a motherfucker in thirty places Fuck a case - ain't leavin' traces here to Redder-Dip I'm aimin' a - automatic find a bitch I'm hangin' up Protainin' up, boss strangler, better save my mother Flat packs will end as brothers - the bloody covers Bloody gloves like Yo-J, AK's my brainwaves I'll strung a nigga all day to my dear play you won't be comin' back I put that on my dear pops when I blast a fierce drop My bloody mask revealin' Jason it's non-stop The cemetary is what you facin' My steel shot is smokin' like chainsaws, brains call recommend that you get your homies and watch your motherfuckin' game fall (Chorus) I only like my shit hardcore (Radzay, South Central L.A. nigga) I only like my shit hardcore I only like my shit hardcore I only like my shit hardcore (Ice-T) Prepare for the night that you never wanted These streets is taunted, blacked out impala with the big rims on it Hit'cha corner with the lights out, bitch it's on Duck down wit'cha kids, you know what you did Motherfuck what your niggas say, watch for the ricochet it's gonna be hard to hear much, once my trigger spray That's neither here nor there, just beware Cause when I bust off my gat flings like a roll flair You now listenin' to - the most hated and most loved at the same time cuz Ice nigga what the fuck you wanna do about a T Most'cha bitch niggas can't fuck with me Cause your chin-chalked talk I can see through Like you're rollin' in a phat V-12 Bulllshit - pull quick and have your shit cocked or dropped Keep a spare clip cause sometimes the shots don't stop It's motherfuckin' game to rap about, shits' for real Double action, ain't gotta cock back no more Got you bitch-ass niggas sweatin' like Taibo Rather lookin', in my face, I'm just checkin' my flow So, I advise you to keep it in the studio Your attittude, you don't wanna meet me dude My crews' like a fuckin' wild bunch of escaped beasts Like scientists, cross cells of apes and G's All the war - get you battle gear, black fatigues You talk shit, your crews' catch a casualty, uh! (Chorus) I only like my shit hardcore (Ice-T nigga, what?) I only like my shit hardcore I only like my shit hardcore I only like my shit hardcore (Bazaro) Aiyyo my style be official, I bust like a pistol Criminal - the issue, mad shit the nigga been through Peep now, system, handcuffs nigga listen Word up, robbin' white boys to buy blunts The representative - GorTek Assassin thought to be a stallion Yo I be splashin' Street Wars The hardcore Ambassador in a black four door Akaror, I attach yours The Marquise piece, gold teeth and medallion Heads I be sappin' like the grams I be baggin' Fightin' women, cut throat and tree smokin' Violatin', infiltratin', blunt bakin' Block regulatin', the cake, bake, a brick flippin' Green expedition thicker to body stickin' Bazaro, yo I got the hardcore flow I drop to put a rock from the Bronx y'all know (Chorus) I only like my shit hardcore (Bazaro, Boogie down Bronx baby) I only like my shit hardcore (Grip) On the mic, Grip be flexin' Who's next to wreck when I mic check, mic check I'm checkin' any verbal an' steppin' What the fuck nigga duck you ain't fuckin' with this Get touched cause I lust to bust when I clutch with the quickness, killin' lyricist when I spit this Who's next on my hitlist when I rip this Lyrically I'm material, the Rap War General droppin' hoes quicker than a syllable, yeah you killable Your style, unfillable, wishin' my shit was stillable I eel for the fuck of it, queen you know I'm lovin' it Dick, never suckin' it unless I see a buck in it You need the whip, cluck it kid, I'm furious Leavin' your crew delirious so you don't take it serious I'm guessin' you was serious about the West, none test I got the rep for my niggas on the shaw Got the ball, fuck the law and yep I wet 'em out As I proceed to spread 'em out and dead 'em out Spray 'em out, lay 'em out Ain't no surprise, come see me with four eyes Young Grip I'm a prize, prepare for you demise Recognize I put a hole in the local aforenor Nigga this is Coroner (Ice-T) Gripsta, Oakland, California I only like my shit hardcore... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T  Album: The Seventh Deadly Sin Song: Common Sense Typed by: jigga@hot.ee It starts like this  Gats hit harder than fists  Just cock and lick it  The aftermath's wicked  Brass gets evicted  Another crew shot  Can't put your strap back in your waist  Cause your barrel's too hot  You did it kid  The more dead  The more weight on your head  Plus you ganked a suitcase  Full of black tar H  Baby boy, twenty keys  Dead Colombian Gs  Now you're ballin full speed  One slip you bleed  You had your nigga with you  Hard rock street gorilla hitter  He took a hot one in the shoulder  Now he's bendin over  Mad illegal  Nigga flipped harder than Buggsy Segal  He wet the room up with the rocket launchin  Desert eagle  Blood oozin through his black dickies  Ya nigga say he's getting dizzy  The car seat's fuckin getting sticky  He leaned back, his whole chest plate's cracked  You thought they hit him once  He must of got double clapped  Your niggas dyin but he ain't cryin  Soldier no doubt  He looked you dead in the eye  Said "get that money" checked out  Ballin bent him back in the black  S T S but where he's going no stress  Your niggas dead, but you're thinkin bout head  Fly hoes and condos  Once you flip the kilos  The fact your niggas out aint shit to ya  More profit for your greedy ass  No one to split the grip wit ya  Chorus:  Common sense will keep you safer than vests  Ambulance, cots, cause real niggas give head shots  LA streets will make your guts leak  Player no doubt  Young killers live for drug wars and shoot outs  You flipped your chip  Motorola, called your hooker  Said you had a little foul up  Told the ho to wet some towels up  She didn't even talk  Clicked the phone off  Might a new some weak niggas  But this bitch aint soft  Make your next call  Straight to your chicano connect  Said they would flip the boy for girl  Up the weight, give you Peruvian flake  You had to dump the body,  Burned it beyond recognition  Back back in commission  Scooped your hooker, cleaned your seats off  Squeezed off  Two in her head  Now the fuckin bitch is dead  You're all alone just how you liked it  Straight laced hustler from hell  Street life you spiked it It's time to hook up with the mexicanos  Layin in the Dooly parking lot of a McDonalds  Hit the corner they was there  You're prepared  Circled the block, screwed your silencer on  Rock the esse they had  Kickin back to get ya  Crept on the dropped truck  Double crossin ducks got bucked  Check the back of the cab  Suckas had the fuckin math  Ten more keys of uncut pure cash (Yes!)  Now your weighin thirty full keys  Of girl and the pony  Jumped for your lack  Hit the yack threw your head back  The big time is what you wanted  And now you got it  The devil put the strap in your palm  And you shot it  Chorus  It's going down now  On forever  Square life is never  Buck wildin is your life stylin  Mashed out  Hit a motel room  Crashed out  Called up a ho to get your dick sucked though  Bad bitch phat backs green contacts  Real hair, kept her feet all night in the air  Kind of square  Said she only worked the streets a week  Said her boyfriend kicked her out  And she needed to eat  She cuddled to you like a baby  Keep the girl mabey  The pussy was tighter than fuck drove you crazy  She kissed you on your chest and legs  Asked you to fuck her in the ass  Then she started to beg  It kind of got you open, no doubt  When baby doll fell asleep, with your dick in her mouth  Now you're layin there, lookin at the motel door  Hand on your strap, some beautiful whore  You fuckin relaxed, fell a fuckin sleep bad move  Big game take little game, show and prove  Baby jumped up, went for the strap  Dumped off  Three shots in your face Grabbed the sutcase  Don't forget, grab the blow then jet  Before that ho hit the door she sipped a glass of Moet  Street life sabatoge  Niggas wanna live large  Demon ho out for cheddar  Capped you with your own Berreta Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Laquan and SLEJ Album: 7th Deadly Sin Song: God Forgive Me Typed by: WakMasterA@aol.com "In the year 1982 a music was created. It was given the title: Gangsta Rap It had no positive messages, no redeeming value, hated and feared By the establishment, it changed the course of the world" (SLEJ) Ride as my jabos, cocked my straps watcha back You know where you at? You in urban combat So stay alert, use the attack of the tactical expert Puttin in work, and leavin your troops with wet shirts Your casuality rate is high, I'm closin in Prepare for your ultimate end, tell your family bye Better cool like Egon, and shine like veegon Pissin on your beons, for decades and eons You squad has no muscle plus you, my new hustle Fuck scuffin up my knuckles, rather buck you and watch you buckle I can't stand a snitch, a switch real bitch I got some transcripts to say you been runnin ya lips Now its on, on site, if I see you I'mma sin ya If I catch you in traffic I'mma gift ya somethin in ya Letcha battle with death for the prize of life I learned ta never come empty handed to a gun fight My advesaries feel fright, his last sight Was a flash of light, you said lightning could strike From the same place twice, I have your head on my death 1500, tonights your last night gettin blunted "The voices could not be stopped, it began to morph And reinvent themself, I grew like a black blade Moving like a tornado from the west to the east coast Leaving behind a path of destruction and mayhem" (Laquan) Thick's ice fix ghosts infrared no remorse And low from the exchange, psycho derranged Playa lay no feel pain, killa cocka-main I'm top framin the game, use muscle for the hustle I zip duffle bags to muffle fags Scuffle my knuckles bad on niggaz that think that they runnin shit They feel the punishment, uh, blood bath, the wrath Aftermath, at least the guns in shit Too under fallin charum leads to send up on the earth Mix things with daughters with men Since poured from birth the worth for the others Go to war with my brothers I'm unstable like Kane did to Abel I'm out the stable sinnin from the beginnin Leavin daddy's little girl pretty linen bloody red What's said in the book of dead is now all forgotten My soul's rotten, still the blood's spilled I feel Chills, I'm still plottin, I'm ill-norm Take life forms like light storms I laugh at the wrath Of the guys comin on, visions of the antichrist is risen The question is now, am I unforgiven? "Legends tells that the creator of this poison's name was Ice Although, others have told different stories, no matter Who or what invented the monster, their souls would be forever Damned to Hell" (Ice T) Enter the death chambre, cash richer, leave ya nutless Cutless with the raw scope, double ya dope Feel my back lash, body cash your whole fam and media Greedy shit, tag ya out the rag Jag, speedy shit Look in the sky, the four horsemen bustin no discussion No stoppin its apocalypse, lock and load ya clips Gonna be rich and dead, copa said don't matter cats scatter Suckas get touched, niggaz get rushed Watch em transform into animal form, wicked Hell-born Lord of the Flies, cry and ya die Mechanama come masses soul snatcher, fallen angel All angles covered for you fuckin God lovers Possession, good suggestion run cuddle your funds Double your guns, watch your kids grow, stay out my flow Be wise, the magnificence, evidence, decadence mind Seven sins, the abomination, I'm That nigga, last nigga, street mack Hot is my strap, wet is your back Understand I never forgive, leavin bodies like seive Clap gats til my fuckin shit's clipless Niggaz bear witness "Like any deadly disease, it has infected many men From the east, west, north, and south, gangsta rap is now Alive, God forgive me, God forgive me" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T  Album: The Seventh Deadly Sin Song: Exodus Typed by: jigga@hot.ee Yeah, This is Ice-T  You've just been listening to the Seventh Deadly Sin  To me the Seventh Deadly Sin is hardcore rap And I'm very proud to have been a part of that throughout the years  I'd like to send peace out to all my homeboys that kept it real And love to all my niggas that have died out here  In this bullshit that we call the streets  You know? What can I say? Hip Hops been good to a nigga  I got mad love for the East coast, West coast, North and South  I got my niggas The Top Guns here We gonna sign this one off like this: My life's been a great story in the ultimate war Should I ill or do right? Make peace or go raw?  I can't explain the true penalties of fame and the wealth  Tell me who can I trust? I can't trust myself Got the devil got me thinking 'bout them ill moves  Every damn kid on the street, they got something to prove  Push a bullet through my heart, why not? That's a start They could push their reps quicker, kill a well known nigga  And if you say you're going to kill me, should I blast you first?  Being black is kinda like being born with a curse  Do or Die, that's the code of the streets I didn't invent  Niggas sketch my life out with malicious intent My skin color's got me trapped in a never ending ghetto  I move to the hills, but I can never let go The gun shots and the homicides just don't stop And just because I came up, I can always drop Yo.. we come prepared for guerilla warfare  Never scared soldiers to the heart  And hose them body parts with the hardwear You spark a dun with Bizzaro or sequel When you catch a link on the wings of this desert eagle  Flappin, we splittin caps friend  remember when niggas would shoot joints  Now niggas be wildin' placing hollow points Cause in this rat race, shit be moving at a murderous pace  Mad sons got slugs to the face, OG packs kilos  Over sore losers and cilo, prepare like a scout  I hold the burner on the delo  In this age of idolatry, mad niggas worship u vanity If Five ?? you nigga maintain humanity - insanity  Hope you see the light ­ like the prism's true colors Only a few remain brothers, fuck the others In this cold world ­ the war that's controlled by the trigger  Revelation or the scripture got to be that live nigga  So if niggas want to bite the sound like Tyson  Deck him in the left eye, murder sit down like ryerson  You wanna dis, don't even try son  Hey yo, Pizzone ­ I'm the prodigy you need to keep ya eyes on  Yo who the don, who plays it all night long?  50 mill strong, Handle like napalm. Word is bond  Who get it on when it's time to drop a bomb?  Sadq keep it cool and calm with the niapalm  Droppin emcee's to their knees and make them pie straight  Dust and take and serve niggas on my hot plate  So cats who got beef, we can take it to the streets  Cause shit these niggas talk to the grave with they teeth  It's time to meet your maker step into the new millennium  I analyze data like intel Pentium  So follow me, I blame sovereignty for God we bust  Top Gun, move bright, smooth as Ice, sex and dust  Ante up the goods, Top Gun Ice-T in your neck of the woods  I'm 15 blocks deep in the foreign neighborhood  Street of my styles, no smiles, trying to gun down the golden child Still on trial for my old endeavors Cold weather got catched trying to buck wholes in my fucking sweater  Niggas is soft like butter, leathers and felt  Time to heat it up and melt Felt the welts from brass belt buckles to brass knuckles  Kill all the jokes and chuckles ­ let's all get together  My fam stay thick together  Trick off and lick off together No matter the weather Lets ease on down to the bow and to the bricks  When I start to squeeze, I won't ease off a bit  Won't be no teams up in here with no clashes  Just bunk mile sleds boot shines up in the masses  Life got no guarantees, I'm looking for the long lease  When I'm in LA, it ain't hard to find me  21st floor eating shrimp at Belonte's Every time you see me I'm connected to a dime piece  I check your styles, although you rhyme quicker  No matter what you do, I'll always lace mine thicker  Jealousy will make a fool die quicker than liquor  Watch your back with your niggas  Cause that's right where they'll stick ya  You see me in the club jeweled up, all alone  I give love to my homies, then I bounce the fuck home  Bodyguards are something that I just don't do Cause if I'm after you black, I'm gonna clap them too Money makes all my homies look brand new  I don't fuck with the fakes, I make moves with the true  Ice ­ baby chopping that real, thought you knew  I might sound hard, but nigga I can die too Cause I'm as real as you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T  Album: SMG: The Rap Repossession * Song: Intro Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * Also known as Sex, Money and Guns [Ice-T] One, two, this is Ice-T You're about to listen to the SMG album Yeah, this album is dedicated to you motherfuckers out there As far as I'm concern; there's two types of niggaz and two types of bitches One type the dude, is a kind of nigga that sees some motherfucker out in his car Looking good, riding on them rims Representing with his bitches, representing with his paper And he gives the nigga the thumbs up, smiles at him!  Gets inspired, feels he can do it, or he is already doing it That's my nigga! There's also them bitches out there, that's representing for their man Holding him down, you know what I'm saying? It's about him, not about his money, about him  Whether he's on the streets down good or bad, or in jail doing a bid She's holding him down, you know what I'm saying? That's that one kind of bitch, and that one kind of nigga!! Then there's that other kind of nigga The nigga that sees you doing good, and frowns up Looks at your Ice grills, you're mad hot Talking shit like you're gonna go to jail in a minute And fuck him in this stand and the other Cause he's mad at himself cause he can't get shit And he knows his life is a fucking failure And then there's that bitch, that's only about money That's only about the motherfucking dollar That doesn't give a fuck about the nigga Just running around here thinking she gonna come up Cause she's some Fly-Super, you know, unjustifiable ego bitch You know what I'm saying? Cause there's two types of people in the world Them niggaz; and them other niggaz  You just figure out which one you are!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Mark Live, Smoothe Da Hustler, Trigger Tha Gambler Album:  SMG: The Rap Repossession * Song:   Repossession Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com   * Also known as Sex, Money and Guns [Intro: Ice-T] This is SMG Yo niggaz, what the fuck is up? It's real, it's going down East Coast/West Coast is in your motherfucking face Tired of you fagot ass niggaz running around reacting like you know what time it is This is S.M.G bitch Sex, Money and Guns baby, for real, yeah Smoothe Da Hustler, Trigger Tha Gambler, Iceberg, Mark Live, Deuce Fever Brooklyn's in the house nigga, Bronx's in the house nigga Queen's in the house nigga, Westside's in the motherfucking house!  YEAH, all you pussy ass motherfuckers;  What happened to Gangster Rap? - Y'all forgot about it? Yeah, niggas is up in here, taking your bitches Grab your motherfucking gun now, nigga This is going down motherfucker, WHAT! WHAT! WHAT! [Smoothe Da Hustler]  Yo, they say Hustler bust for the fuck of it Fuck it, I will cuff it Rough it up something disgusting, it's nothing I brutalize, black the blue eyes, smack the crew of guys Accidental suicide, you decide If you the crew lasts then utilize Nigga utilize to live away from that crew of eyes Black do the wise, if they act too surprise, and they sat through the lights For the cheese they slab you a five, and wrap you alive [Trigger Tha Gambler] Plus, we leave up, fifties on faces when we rip mics  Take the bottom of the gun dog, just so we can grip tight We're on our own, seven forties nigga, we don't miss flights When we flow like water, we're so cold, we can piss ice Weave the shit, pounds of bricks, up in that Benz rise Snatch your money bags for the heights, doing hits on bikes With bitches that's harder than dicks on dikes I'm living in hell ever since I pull the fifth of Crikes [Ice-T]  You niggaz make me notice; you're lying every time you're talking Dreaming about your days of thieving, talking about the shit you did Bragging on bids, you was a bitch kid, homo thug Never moved drugs, never cocked back, never touched crack In anyway; make me piss bitch, we don't feel shit Time to end this, I started as the Pimp of Pretense Cashed out; with most of my niggaz caught a Life Sentence  I kicked game; and Gangster Rapping was invented [Mark Live]  This shit is so big (SHIT IS SO BIG!!) (*Expolsion*)  Look, massive attack (YEAH!!) I moved the city with sex in it, Tex in it (SKIRTS!!) No batteries included (BREAK YOUR FACE!!)  See, no batteries included, don't make us go and prove it (FAGOT!!) Exclusive (UHH!!) S.M.G shit, you heard it first (YEAH!!) Now listen, look, learn a verse (WATTS SHUT UP!!) My whole clan is; Pakistan types Killers, with head raps plus murder raps   [Chorus: Smoothe Da Hustler & Trigger Tha Gambler] It's repossessional Everybody freeze, hit the floor, nothing personal But we gotta survive; it's repossessional Everybody freeze, hit the floor, nothing personal But we gotta survive; don't tuck this shit for talking You'll catch big lift quick, maggots eat shit We're the wrong clique to beef with Die choking where you rift at, gun smoking when I hit back Blood clots where you drip at, take a block where you sit at [Mark Live]  Yo, they're some bond niggaz, look, killers identity sick Believe this or unbelieve you're warned (you've been warned nigga) As top news at nine, COME ON!! (Channel Five!!) This terror alert don't take us likely It's night time kids, no time to react (UHH!!)  So stay the fuck back (BAAW!) fall the fuck back (BAAW!) Insomniacs, we stay walking We stay creeping, Keith-men, stay stalking [Smoothe Da Hustler] Nigga imagine coming out for Dolo Pressing up your records with your re-up money Instead of busting out my polo; or new kicks in a new chain This is a new game where a few things that do change I'm up in this page, especially when it's finished the lade We got juice, we get it played the minute it's made I'll let the gun talk to end your charades Pop a hole in whatever you gassed up, to end your parade nigga [Trigger Tha Gambler] I'm floating like planes over clouds, destination a million miles Flying over concerts, got a million in the crowd Got women screaming loud for the Macks and Dons Keep a sack of tram, model bitches on my lap and arm Flipping keys, gun is squeezed, ninety eight or ninety five Window down, feel the breeze, Bitch from Queens and Philippines Heavy armed, hundred shot, magazine Quick to clap a fiend for the lack of green Take your block, mack the scene [Ice-T] I can stand in these Gators Work so hard, they need it haters See me live in the club menu, swimming with bitches, my shit is wicked Brass gets evicted, Into-tech I'm quick to lick it (BLAW!!) Never listen to biscuits, of vibe bitches Dime pieces, platinum thesis, have you niggaz premature ejaculating Keep waiting and hating, we're just demonstrating what it looks (LIKE!!) Sounds (LIKE!!) ~ smells (LIKE!!) ~ feels (LIKE!!) Nigga what real is like [Chorus: Smoothe Da Hustler & Trigger Tha Gambler] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Deuce Fever, Mark Live, Smoothe Da Hustler, Trigger Tha Gambler Album: SMG: The Rap Repossession  Song: Radio Play Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Opening Skit] [Trigger] Damn man, what the fuck is going on with this shit?  [Smooth:] I don't know y'all! [Trigger] Every fucking time I turn the Radio on it's the same shit [Smooth:] True, true! [Trigger] And I know our shit is AT LEAST as good as this! [Smooth:] Of course, nigga, come on!! man [Trigger] So what the fuck is that about? [Smooth:] Nigga, it's punks playing punks! [Trigger] It must be some politic shit, man [Smooth:] That's why, they're trying to get that together [Trigger] Yeah, yeah, that what it is [Smooth:] FUCK them niggaz!! [Trigger] Some paying off under the table shit [Smooth:] For real, man, that what it is [Trigger] Fuck that!! [Chorus: Ice-T X2] Tell me what; a nigga gotta do to get some radio play? Who I gotta kill; who I got to spray? Do I gotta run up in your crib today? Tell me what; a nigga gotta do to get some radio play? Who I gotta shoot; who I got to spray? Do I gotta run up in your Station today? [Ice-T] Do I gotta come up there with my tech out, blow the PD's neck out? Pay off the jocks, show you all my glocks You don't really need skills to motor rock the mic Do I need rented cars and whores and videos by Ike? [Trigger Tha Gambler] Or do we gotta blackout in the club, give out fake hugs?  Throw blocks through your head, while you're sitting on dubs? Or stroke the Radio Station, just to get love? Or warrant my Rap down, cause you're scared of a thug? [Ice-T] Or maybe we just need more ice, yeah, jewelry work For some free giveaway shit, yeah, silk stream jerks Or just hook the players, No! that's not reality Maybe we just need to fuck some on air personality [Trigger Tha Gambler] Or do we have to wear Chinesse Suits, or dance in a group? Or live by the gimmick, cop another dog's goof? Put a banded on our faces, find the Lord like Mase? Or stab the CEO and catch a felony case? [Interlude #1: Radio Station CEO] [CEO:] How about getting Jermaine Dupri to produce to you? [All:] We're not trying to hear that shit!! [CEO:] How about some of those Cadillac trucks? [All:] We're not trying to hear that shit!! [CEO:] How about some of those big butt girls from the hood? [All:] We're not trying to hear that shit!! [CEO:] I don't understand, everybody is doing it? [All:] We're not trying to hear that shit!! [CEO:] What's the problem with you, guys? [Chorus: Ice-T] [Smoothe Da Hustler] What's the guidelines to getting me signed? it's type for me Should I strike when I recite and let you write for me? Do I mute out what I feel, to make you feel like P. Diddy? Even if nobody is feeling that bullshit! [Deuce Fever] Whack ass DJ; do I gotta crack your skull Reach in your stomack, and pull out your gull Bladder, your weak ass rep don't matter I'm tired of hearing a bitch chits chatter [Smoothe Da Hustler] Or what about going commerical, sing hooks, make happy songs?  To rap about our glasses and fashion, COME ON!! Designer clothes, cars, and jewelry, don't fuck with me  I'll have your DJs spinning my shit in the clubs for free [Mark Live] Yo, do I need to roll 22s to be a big dog Buy your ass joints that may drowse to sound like your boss Get my Afghan, Taliban kids at your door  Blow your Station up, drop a bomb, exploding your car [Chorus: Ice-T] [Interlude #2: Radio Station CEO] Okay, first thing you gotta know; is I understand Hardcore I got an idea; I got this tattoo guy, back here in my office He's gonna tattoo SMG, right across all you guys' foreheads It's gonna be big, we're gonna put it all over the 'burb cities All over the inner cities, all over the country, it's gonna be big!  Than I got a better idea; a collaboration with this guy called The Naked Cowboy He plays guitar, buttnaked in Timesquare, everbody knows him, it's gonna be big  S-M-G and The Naked Cowboy, I can see it now We can be opening for Britney Spears in no time  Also I know some of them amazing guys, they'll come through They'll get on this record, I can have this record going through the roof  Damn! where.. where you guys going?  Aiy, wait a minute, hold up, I mean, aiy listen I thought you wanna give me some airplay [Chorus: Ice-T] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Smoothe Da Hustler, Trigger Tha Gambler Album:  SMG: The Rap Repossession * Song:   Bang Bang  Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * Also known as Sex, Money and Guns [Intro:] [Trigg:] Trigger Tha Gambler [Ice-T:] Iceberg [Smooth] I'm Smoothe Da Hustler [Trigg:] So come check us out at, sexmoneyguns.com [Ice-T:] Yeah [Smooth] What? [Ice-T:] SMG motherfucker, you heard about it?!!  [Smooth] Fagots know  [Ice-T:] It's going down, niggaz started sounding like motherfucking pussies out there  [Smooth] They carry Guns dogg!! no matter..  [Ice-T:] It's real, this is it nigga, yeah, this is Gangster Rap [Smooth] ?? heard about it! smell y'all, smell y'all [Ice-T:] Iceberg in the place [Smooth] Uhha! [Ice-T:] Gambler, Hustler, it's going down bitch!!   [Chorus: Ice-T X2] Bang bang; Every time we come around your city Bang bang; Twenty macks hold about fifty Bang bang; Should've claimed your block out quickly Bang bang; Bang bang!!    [Verse One: Ice-T] Out on time gagging; just came to take the sock out of your mouth Then take you in the backyard and blow your fucking brains out (*Explosion*) Twist the game up, complex, gangster confusing  You'll never know which strap I'm using Whores speak the tunes in; better than Gs, hand the heat off Catch you in the V-I-P, knock your whole street off Catch you in a vall-ey, leave you on your bailey Watch for the ricochet cause.. this is L.A. Home of the Body-bag, home of the toe-tag Home of the Blue and Red rags, and the pants sag Pull out your gat nigga, dress for the freeze tag You think I care, I put on my vest before my underwear Never smiled nigga, don't talk that much My gat's cold, I feel it when it's touching my nuts Let's get it going, fuck the flowing, bring your drama And don't forget your body armor    [Chorus: Ice-T with minor variations X2]   [Verse Two: Trigger Tha Gambler] It's the black beast from Brownsville Scaring like the dark block when the Hounds kill You found scar in your life, I found steel Never left a gunfight until the ground's filled Never ran, never will, I take blocks and raid spots Whatever that the round spills, is where the tape stops Since a kid, we kept a grudge, we hate cops SMGs the replay switch, .38 the glocks  Play heading niggaz, I can flip your blow bouts Heat niggaz by these whores, split the skull out  It's the reason why; Def Jam held me back My mind is out of the troll; they had to mail me tracks  Trigger's whack; what hell is that? - I spit like the gat I'm iller than your Rasta, you ain't got to tell me that 96 I was back, hard to the core Flex was dropping bombs, like a station just blown to roar [Chorus: Ice-T with minor variations X2]   [Verse Three: Smoothe Da Hustler] Every time Brooklyn in the place "BANG BANG!!" Anytime Hustler on the Mic "Same thang!!" Hit your head, lift your chain Watch your brains hang, so maintain nigga It's the New York native, Brooklyn ripper Niggaz move back when I cop the groove back like stirrer I'm a dolo dirt doer, I do that better Nigga trip, triggers drip, spit through that leather Shoot at, do the damage down and dirty, I demonstrate Destruction with the Derringer, and watch niggaz disintegrate I'm no joke, blow, gunsmoke, if one choked that's one hope  And for second you got the next one wope No folks on both coasts who throw toasts Butter niggaz out for the bread, I'm drawing votes Hustler figured fuck for the bread, I roll with both to keep my .44 so close   [Chorus: Ice-T X2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Smoothe Da Hustler, Trigger Tha Gambler Album: SMG: The Rap Repossession  Song: Mama Says a Prayer Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Appeared as kids] [Smooth] What's up Ice? [Ice-T:] What's up Smoothe? [Smooth] All this drugs and gangs.. [Ice-T:] I know that! [Smooth] How the kids suppose to grow up in the neighborhood like this? [Ice-T:] Yeah man, this shit is crazy! [Chorus: Both X3] Mamma says a prayer for me Cause the devil made plans I ain't prepared to see He forced me to turn my back on life and face death A path; I ain't trying to take yet [Verse One: Smoothe Da Hustler] I asked my grandmother, why we can't stand one another If brothers killing brothers, and the government's stealing from us I wonder why was the AIDs made! Howcome I get mad when I blaze my gauge? This government got us like amounts of maids You say; Money is the root of all evil; and you rule the world Howcome you letting it destory our people? They say, each one teach one, so it's time for me to preach one So I can carry on, long enough, for me to reach me I'm one of a kind, paint a picture, mentally for the blind  Came to give the speech to a million, at the time Don't know why I see you people got a dime, stand in line  You came to me at seven, told me I'll be the sun that shines Howcome, every cause there's an effect, like abuse and neglect That's why some kids refuse to respect But I can't tell, you gave us nine stages to see if we're found And the devil gave us twelve, three enter stages to hell  [Verse Two: Trigger Tha Gambler] I don't know what it is, I moved forward in the opposite direction I do good but seems like everything bad happens Do bad for some reason I feel glad after But ain't nothing funny, I kill that laughter  Dudes wanna see me broke, or stressed out with tubes in me Cause they see me on the 'Tubes stretched out with two slimies Who of any got the nuts? The gun wrestler or the bunch of pussies that come to get fucked So who coming with us? I got guns, lots of them, and I ain't worried about your vest Cause it ain't gonna stop none of them Moved my fame, lost my son's mammas He's rolling with daddy now, so he under's the arms Schooling him, show him how to maneuver through the sewer Chewing him, slow him down to be smoother, doing it So how you think I'ma let you step in and ruin it? NO! FUCK YOU! you ain't ruin this shit She wants his clip, she wants his dick A pistol with fist would grew in this strip Held me down nine years, who wanna trip? Now the moment is near you asked; how this nigga is so foul? As foul as this nigga is, how near is the moment now [Verse Three: Ice-T] I wish I can get a prayer from you, mamma, but you passed away When I was just seven, and life has been cold Daddy died when I was eleven years old Why they get dealt this hand, goddamn this raw? I spent most of my life trying to out smart the law I didn't choose this game, this fucking game chose me Now it's got me in the mix, sitting loading my clips Some niggaz said they're gonna take off on side Told me to watch my back, showed him load in my macks Never underestimate the man with a gun All threats is real, hold your steel Them cards would content to leave you on the pavement Mamma, I don't even know what the beef is about Said I've hollered there at one of their whores, Fuck them! Dick suckers gonna recognize I ain't no trip Tonight I'm rose dolo, I do rock the clip Let them know that I ain't the one to fuck with Mamma, a nigga ain't proud of this But I'm just trying to eat, there's hell in these streets These niggaz wanna turn me back to the white meat Got a raw heart tonight, mamma, it's true But if not, I'll be coming to you  Gotta kill these haters before they ski-mask you And as for your blessings, I ain't gonna ask you, mamma! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Carmen, Smoothe Da Hustler, Trigger Tha Gambler Album: SMG: The Rap Repossession  Song: Hustler/Player/Gambler Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Carmen] I remember when I was coming up There were three guys that ran our neighborhood [Chorus: Carmen] Who was our hustler? "Smoothe!" Who was our player? "Iceberg!" Who was our gambler? "Trigger!" And everybody gathered around When those players' work come down [Verse One: Smoothe Da Hustler] I remember back in the days, hustling in the crack of the case Black gat busting back in a blaze Whatever we was doing that was the thing Showed niggaz how to stick, stand and move with that crack cocaine Jumped outta the ride, everybody laughing it up and dapping it up Damn, I ain't seen y'all niggaz in months, niggaz just passing blunts Don't let the kids start gathering up An autographs, we keep a pen and a pad in the cut  But being famous that don't matter to us, we had it rough Ask them if they pass glasses before I pass them a buck Who said a nigga can cuff for nothing? Hustler his ass or rap on the side of, black bitches to fuck his cash off [Chorus: Carmen] [Verse Two: Ice-T] I remember summer days and nights, stare at fist fights Barbecues with my crew, kids flying their kites Girls hugging me, bulletproof vest The whole hood, waiting outside to see which car pulled up the next To take the kids to the store, for some candy and snacks Little niggaz always asking; could they see my strap I roll up, honk my horn at like four in morn' You run out in your house shoes, girl, you know I care about you Every time you see me, new Gators, new shine  Every dime in the hood; sooner or later will be mine I'm that player in your hood, and there was always one The one that showed you how it should be done [Chorus: Carmen] [Verse Three: Trigger Tha Gambler] I used to hit the block, park the Lex, right by the Lot Get out, hump the trunk, backseat, looking like the snicky shot Get love, summer time, pool parties, playing Skelly Football in dark courts, getting hit up in their belly Ice Cream was on me, quater waters I pour them Every kid that had potential; to the game I thought him Girls out, jumping ropes, fourty drinking, screaming poke Dice shooters might move us, hallways full of smoke Old timers giving game, telling war stories on  How old in their life they was living in pain So they drink liquor now for living vain The hood loved me and they won't forget my name Since I'm gone, everything has changed [Chorus: Carmen] [Hook: Carmen] I remember how it used to be, looking at those players on those memories And how they used to ride, it was so fly, it was so fly to me They used to talk me everyday, teaching me the game and how it should be played Now I grown up and I know I'm always up to you Made me into a woman, told me how to understand what really makes a man Forever I would love the husband made me stronger than who I am [Chorus: Carmen] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Corte, Smoothe Da Hustler Album: Gangsta Rap Song: Please Believe Me  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Ice-T conversating with his daughter] [Ice-T] Baby, I wanna let you know I really like how this is going down [Daugh] Yeah, I like how it's going down too, daddy! [Ice-T] Though we can make big moves, baby I know, real big moves.. [Daugh] Ummm.. just tell me what I gotta do and I'm down for whatever! [Chorus: Corte X2] Girl, if you do what I tell you to You can have this whole world if you wanted to Buddy, it ain't going to be easy Just listen to a player, and please believe me! [Verse One: Ice-T] Let's start this off with facts You got on some nice shoes but you walk in it You got on nice coat but you're outside it Now, if you're ready to accept that state you was made in upgrade Hiding up your game in form I can let you come over here with me and get real real warm They say: if you knew better, you'll choose better And you think wrong, you think wrong You can't swing a slow batter the fast pitch The problem with most of you women, y'all so used to loosing  You can't even figure out what you want Now first, we gotta let you know everything If you did - you'll be living on the side of the mountains  Somewhere in Seattle like Bill Gates And I don't know everything that's true But I definitely do know more than you One thing is you got style, cause you quote my eye Two is you got class, that's what makes you fly Three is you're intelligent cause you're listening to me talk And four is you're very very sexy, you can see that in the way you walk But all that ain't work nothing if you don't get it together and move something Now, this game is played in ones and twos, that means soloists and crews And that's exactly what I'm trying to do, is team up with you But you have to learn how to take some instructions, boo Please believe this, and listen to me [Chorus: Corte X2] [Verse Two: Smoothe Da Hustler] Alright, baby look.. I can see you harmonious cause your rent is more than my mortgage So it's obvious you ain't got enough left to pay attention But I.. I'ma renew your lease for a small fee Then we gonna psychologically house-shop So you can have some space for that brain of yours Consider me Real Estate Now, I can't front, you're fly And you're hanging around me for some reason so I must be the shelter They say: conversation is like a combination So I'ma open that safe, take a turn at it You want-a dime, yeah, you want-a dime But your nigga paint you a picture How much cents do that make? Alright then.. now, what you should do  is grow some hands on that forehead of yours  So you can hold that thought I see you used to get in your way that's why you go on the wrong direction You need a RUN D.M.C. and 'Walk This Way' Don't you need two pilots to fly the plane? But only one get to hold the steering wheel, baby So sit back, relax your ass, cause you're flying first class And this going to be a smooth ride, baby, and please believe me [Chorus: Corte X2] [Verse Three: Ice-T] Now, I'ma give you the real deal I'm going to need at least two more inches on them heels And that gut made up cool to you, but I'ma ask you for a stirrup or two And as for your hair.. I ain't even going to go there Just keep it clean and tight, and would be alright Overall.. I think you're fine And I'm sure I can buck out the dime And this is going to take a little time First, you got to forget everything you know Cause right now..  You're on a real course to becoming a real motherfucking whore Now, that's cool too.. But at least let me show you how to be a motherfucking pro Cause it ain't going to be all fun If you're fucking with me, you better duck or run This is final level of the game baby And it ain't going to be all biscuits and gravy You got to have a nerve, for the motherfucking curve Cause we can do it either way, baby The street way, or the corporate sweet way But no matter how me and you do it, girl It would definitely.. be the elite way [Interlude: Ice-T and his daughter conversation continues] [Daugh] Awww! you know, I'm down, baby [Ice-T] That's what I'm talking about [Daugh] Ha ha ha ha! [Ice-T] Yeah, I know you like it when I see you smilling.. [Daugh] Ha ha ha ha ha! [Ice-T] Yeah girl, I see you're feeling this right.. [Chorus: Corte X2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Deuce Fever, Smoothe Da Hustler, Trigger Tha Gambler Album: SMG: The Rap Repossession  Song: Swazy  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro] [Trigger] Trigger Tha Gambler [Ice-T] Iceberg [Smooth] I'm Smoothe Da Hustler [Fever] So come check us out, sexmoneyguns.com [Ice-T]  You know Smooth man, no matter..  No matter how much I love a bitch, man  I could be with a bitch and I really want to marry her, man  [Smooth] Uhha.. what?! [Ice-T] And it's something that goes on in my head I can't explain it [Chorus: Ice-T X2] Once I bust a nut I'm out All the real niggaz know what I'm talking about We might take you out to dinner buy you shit, it's crazy But once I bust a nut I'm Swazy [Verse One: Smoothe Da Hustler] I'm on a one O'clock booty call; this girl is a freak Lights out, drop those drawers, pull back those sheets But hold up, stand up and throw your head to your feet And you can bite up on the pillow if I'm in too deep Bad shots, always sad, I never cuddle in bed I only cuddle your neck while you're giving me head And that's all, and I told you, we can fly and the ball But I'm wrong, we can do it up and buy out the mall But I'm gone, I'm on the next bus, next club Next slut, next fuck, fucking the next one, next up Legs up, how many girls I done hit up and ran? I'm like smooth I'm already trying to fuck your friends Then I'm... [Chorus: Ice-T X2] [Verse Two: Ice-T] Sometimes my dick gets hard as a pole Fucked so many bitches, think my dick went gold I love the stripping bitches, dancing bitches, fat butt whores I love the high heeled bitches with them sexy toes If you're really hot, I might buy you some clothes Fat enough ass, you'll get to ride on my rolls Good enough head, might get you some gold But once I bust off; Daddy is back on the road Cause once I hit the drawers, I start noticing flaws Didn't realize your gut was that big or that wig I'm back in the same club I met you slut Bitches just demanding me, hard dick insanity I really loved you up until I fucked you Uhh.. once I skied, it's kinda like a track meet How fast can I get some fresh pussy on my dick? A different type whore, a different color bitch [Chorus: Ice-T X2] [Verse Three: Deuce Fever] I got go to put my pants on She said where are you going handsome? Trying to hold a nigga for ransom After all the shit I bought and then some Smiling with her mouth full of cum, another one dumb dumb Got to go, got another whore, waiting for me in the lobby, yo And plus, she got body too She is beautiful, toes done to the cuticle Hold up Ma, you know, what I'll do to you? "BITCH!!" Chew you out, beat it up, put it your butt Blindfold you, hand cuffed, then mind mold you It's all gravy, baby, When I roll through Bag your whole crew, we can Menage-a-trois it up While your girl licking my butt Rubbing my gut, playing with my nuts Love your shape, wanna squeeze and hold you Bitch, what I told you? [Chorus: Ice-T X2] [Verse Four: Trigger Tha Gambler] I got this thing for titties and long hair, bitches with curves But I kick them to the curbs, if they get on my nerves I swerve to the right, hit the lock, hit the block Think I'm feeling that hard, to stop playing? Cause I.. beg them, bag them, beat them in the head Later, they beat me and beg to meet me in the bed Damn!! I'm such a good talker I'm like fuck her cause I could fuck her But then I threw her dick suck offer Now homegirl flipping, in her own world tripping She falls for anything, old girls slipping I told her roll with her homegirl, both girls dipping  Now me, her and her homegirls switching So homegirls listen [Chorus: Ice-T X2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Deuce Fever, Mark Live, Smoothe Da Hustler, Trigger Tha Gambler Album: Gangsta Rap Song: The Game's Real Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Verse One: Ice-T] Enough time has passed, false prophets steering you wrong You won't appreciate my wisdom, 'til I'm dead and I'm gone Underground dead from combat Laid down on the floor.. in some club Girls scream at the ocean of blood No use to call the paramedics, to hit me with the fifth energetic Close range, cut in the base of my brain Blew my face on through some bitch's head, before I hit the ground Some nigga touched me in the chest, and blew it out with the pound My niggaz didn't have chance to move, they used silenced weaponry Couldn't hear the sound, as the club bass bound All you heard was.. Yo, Ice is on the ground The assassins, when they heard this up, stepped back and mixed in with the crowd Gloom broke into hysteria, spot went wild A lot of bitches yelling and crying, while fake niggaz smile I heard voices of my loved ones said I leave the party God kisses my face as I leave my body [Interlude: Deuce Fever] Yo, I wanna see what the fuck's happening! Yo, yo, back off my man, man! (*Sample of L.A.P.D. sirens*) Awww shit! y'all [Chorus: Ice-T X2] The game is real, anyone can get touched up Get moved on, left in a plunger blood No matter how gangster you are, how deep your crew Niggaz can get you if they want to [Verse Two: Mark Live] Yo.. yo.. yo.. attack mode Look, listen, it's the general.. code Gully and gutter, I roll with some box cutters I'm bringing.. fucking Jersey City niggaz  We got.. tons of triggers, for tons of niggaz We walk and talk a lot, we run some niggaz No glitter and glades, it's guns and niggaz Nightclubs or your social clubs Backstage with your membrane, on the side of your freeway It's ugly, the bomb squashed blonde bitch for our shit It's M-16s switch off clips Bullets ripped fleshy death right through your kids Except your bids, except all that shit you did Uhh.. you can't hide in the town houses When two niggaz are nine-ing like two ounces Scarface Colombia, Walker Tah's style surrounding, your white bitches out  [Chorus: Ice-T X2] [Verse Three: Ice-T] Now, if you faggots got some questions about how real this is A straight Strong-Arm, half of you niggaz in the biz' Your bodyguard, bitch made, motherfucking fake ass whores Can't even roll for dolo, walk through your own hood solo Niggaz push up and change-snatch your logo The truth is.. no homeboys are brought through Your own crew is destorying you So now you're carrying guns, you know, you won't shoot You copped a new whip, had to get a bulletproof You wanted to be Rap-Star, now, you're too shook to move  Cause the streets say the words, you kid gotta prove Living a lie, you might die, in this game of hot caption whores Check your rearview you're being followed [Chorus: Ice-T X2] [Verse Four: Trigger Tha Gambler] Eat the dick, if it be.. we gonna shoot from a block away We keep with heat, and turn your face into a plot to play Yeah, we spray out your feet and watch you burn in a flock away Nerd, niggaz stop and pray Heard, they can't drop the lay We come out, run out, one route to Dun-house We're about to blow his wig off "yeah yeah" Nigga we jump out, pump out, dump out  Infront of the Dun house with the sun-hounds Shit to peel off and I'm.. running the trot like crooked cops Taking capes, pushing weight, while I shipped this back  From California to the.. Hill Tah, Comille fitting dots Activille for them bills and he'll get drop [verse Five: Smoothe Da Hustler] Look I.. show guys and buyers we're not kidding I know the size, brothers stick-bys, when we start spitting They go beside rocks and dodge with guns ticking But it's devilish regardless the art is squash business [Chorus: Ice-T X2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Kryst (D.V. Alias Khryst), Medina  Album: SMG: The Rap Repossession * Song: Ya Got Me Open Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * Also known as Sex, Money and Guns [Intro: Ice-T] Sex!! (*echoed three times*) [Chorus: Kryst] This ain't the game that players play I've never ever felt this way I've never thought I could fall in love You got me open girl [Verse One: Ice-T] They had me last week, I was with my crew at the club Straight looking for sex, I wasn't thinking about love Caught your eye up in the V.I. ~ scoping me out Thought I'd go kick some convo, to see what you're about Stood off to the right, to catch your friend from the sigh You wasn't banging, I ain't macking, I ain't gonna lie But your kid was working, yeah, it was all good Nothing packs more power than the ass in the hood You had the real one, I had to get to drop on it A fat brown ghetto booty with the top on it And sexy high lips, that's all I needed to know Was time to move into your zone, and let you feel my flow Cracked the boat into the VIP, and there you are It was filled with fronting suckers, I'm a big Rap Star They was buying Crist-al, talking about their cars Seen my crew then stepped back, cause they know who we are Made a move to your booth, locked ties again I've seen a little proof, and you kicked a bud to your friend Said my name is Ice, and asked you where's your man You said: "AT HOME!" I said let's keep it like that if we can You laughed, cracked a smile, then you told me your name Gave a player props, didn't front on my fame I thought that was fly, cause it wasn't in the game Then you asked if I wanted some of your champage "You Want Some?" I said: yeah mammi, then you poured me a drink Puckered up your lips, and gave the player a wink You had on tight leather the pants, sitting on your mink Lay this presidential in a Parvette link, you said: [Medina] I used to listen to you back in junior High (Is that right?) You're old enough to be my daddy, but I think you're fly (Okay!) I really ain't happy at all with my guy (Talk to me) If I could ever be your girl, I would die (Oohh!) [Chorus: Kryst X2] [Verse Two: Ice-T] [Medina] I was watching you, hoping all night that you come And I was sitting there looking at the stud in your tongue  Noticing you wore your blouse with no flaw Trying to keep my temperature down to stay raw You looked down at my Two-way and you gave me a nod We're beamed each other, I give thanks to God You Said: I really ain't trying to play no games tonight You can take me to your crib, Ice, if that's what you like (AWW Baby!) I said: you sure? - I don't believe in fronting Wasting time like bitches, ain't got nothing If my sex is good, then maybe we'll grow If my love is whack, dis me and call me a whore You're talking real, girl, you thought you wasn't tiped To valet with the V-Dosen, mash through the air few of the Hudson Gave me good loving, with no discussion Woke up the next morning, laying across my chest I spent the whole night laying in your caress When the sunlight hits you, girl, you look your best Then you told me not to move, said I lead in my wrest Cooked breakfast buttnaked than you told me the truth You Said: This is where I wanted to be since my youth Every yellow man I had in my life, thought him was you (UHHA!) And I don't care if I got to be with a crew, I want you! (MAN!) [Chorus: Kryst X2] [Verse Three: Ice-T] And for the last seven days, I been laced by this Czech She said: I do whatever, baby, it takes to get rich You really mean whatever, baby, I'm not your pinch What if we get static, then I'm dropping the clinch And what about drama? I'll never give you no lick How about when I need lover?, then I'm down there quick Now, I got to sit back and analyze my position Player or a lover, that's a big decision (AWWW BABY!) To keep you baby this could be a fly mission You and your fly home girls hugging and kissing How long can this last? that's the question I asked Once you got your own ride, your clothes, your cash I'ma take a chance like you did the very first night This can last an other week, maybe last for life You can end up my homegirl or maybe my wife I don't know, you got me open girl! [Chorus: Kryst until faded] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ M.O.P., Trigger Tha Gambler (SMG) Album: Gang Culture (Recorded Live in Europe) * Song: Freestyle Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * Originally performed Live At The Miles Davis Hall, Montreux, Switzerland on July 10th, 1995 [Intro: Trigger Tha Gambler, M.O.P.] COME ON SWITZERLAND!! JUMP!! JUMP!! COME ON!! JUMP!! EVERYBODY JUMP!! EVERYBODY JUMP!! EVERYBODY JUMP!! EVERYBODY LET ME HEAR YOU SAY YEAH!! (YEAH!!) SAY HELL YEAH!! (YELL YEAH!!) SAY HELL MOTHERFUCKING YEAH!! (HELL MOTHERFUCKING YEAH!!) NOW, SCREAM!! (AWWWWWWWWWW!!) SWITZERLAND!! (AWWWWWWWWWW!!) COME ON SCREAM!! (AWWWWWWWWWW!!) Yo T, let's do this shit baby, dog [Verse One: Ice-T] Is it new year God? - I'm coming back mad hard Moving harder than a convict with a shack in the yard New Jacks wanna hear me rap, begging for freestyle skills I've served so many rappers, I can make a land field, fool You've doubt for a mic dude, the Ice is a jewel Fuck rules, I got more pool than a mule Matter of fact, you never comprehend the styles I sin I keep breaking to annihilate fakes and teens The Yellow nigga from the Westside cheered, I peel libs What praying that you do, yo I done already did Like your girl gotta admit she was a sexy bitch But I hit it with the Jimmy so my nuts don't itch So just check, as I pore for the mic core THE NIGGAZ!! THE NIGGA!! THE NIGGA!! Six ounces, squeeze the trigger For you hardcore motherfuckers that's been dying for.. this gangster shit Time to squab and rob and fight, hit 'til you through I got a strain in my brain like pain But niggaz sucking up my shit like I'm some crack cocaine To you white kids, you better watch your head As you're popping down the street by these words I said MONTREUX MAKE SOME GODDAMN NOISE!! [Break: Trigger Tha Gambler, M.O.P.] YEAH!! COME ON!! UHH!! GET THEM UP Y'ALL!! YEAH!! COME ON MAN, LET'S RIP THIS SHIT!! RIP THIS SHIT UP!! [Verse Two: Ice-T] Once again, I'm back in the place to be The I, the C, the E, the T I'll never get a Grammy, so fuck the G All I need is crowd, and a M-I-C Got a gangster ass DJ named Evil E My record label's called Warner B William Morris was my agent I'll never go broke, I got property Got a dope Pitbull named Felony Got six gold albums, so what you're telling me? Power was two, Iceberg was three This one here shipped five hundred G Now when I roll, I roll stupid deep Benz's, Bemas, and booming Jeeps I'm always strapped, cause my money I keep You move on the Ice, you're going to sleep But when you see me walking down the street You say: What's up Ice? -- what would I say? (Peace!) You give me a dap, I give you one back Cause I ain't souped, so forget about that We might take a picture or sign an autograph Kick a little flavor to have some fun and laugh But step to me wrong, you will get shot And wind up looking out a ziplock!!! [Outro: Trigger Tha Gambler] YEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Trigger Tha Gambler (SMG) Album: Gang Culture (Recorded Live in Europe) * Song: You Played Yourself (Live) Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * Originally performed Live At The Miles Davis Hall, Montreux, Switzerland on July 10th, 1995 [Intro: Trigger Tha Gambler] AWWWWWWWWWW!! YEAH!! UHH!! YO, PUMP IT UP!! YO, PUMP IT UP!! YO, PUMP IT UP!! YO, PUMP IT UP!! YO, PUMP IT UP!! YO, PUMP IT UP!! YO, PUMP IT UP!! YO, PUMP IT UP!! YO, PUMP IT UP!! YO, PUMP IT UP!! YO, PUMP IT UP!! YO, PUMP IT UP!! [Verse One: Ice-T] This is it (UHH!!) dope from the fly kid Ice mic is back with the high bid Suckers you've lost, cause players you're not Gangsters you ain't, you're fainting punk, if you ever heard a gunshot Yo, the pusher, the player, the pimp gangster, the hustler High Roller, Dead Pres' folder Is cold lamping like a black king on a throne (EVIL E!!) Montreux - turn up the microphone So I can ill and break on the rolling tape Another album to make - (GREAT!!) Islam turn the bass, kick up a bit Hype the snare, now, I got a place to sit And ride the track like a black mack in his 'llac Hit the corner slow where the girls are at And kick game the way it should be done How you gonna drop science? - You're dumb (YOU'RE DUMB!!) Stupid ignorant, don't even talk to me In school you dropped Math, Science and History And then you get on the mic and try to act smart Well, let me tell you one thing, you got a heart (YOU GOT A HEART!!) To perpetrate your bait and just wait Til the Press shove a mic in your face Or you meet Boogie Down or Chuck D Stetsasonic or the Big Daddy? (THE BIG DADDY!!) And they ask you about the game you claim you got Drop science now, why not? You start to sweat and fret and get hot Yo, how they get into this spot? [Trigger Tha Gambler] YOU PLAYED YOURSELF!! COME ON!! EVERYBODY SAY YEAH!! YOU PLAYED YOURSELF!! OH! YEAH!! [Verse Two: Ice-T] I'm no authority but I know the D-E-A-L When it comes to dealing with the females (FEMALES!!) What you got they want, cash is what they need Slip sucker, and they'll break you with speed But you meet a freak, you try to turn her out Spending money is what I'm talking about But you fooled out, your pockets got blew out And after The Show, no boots, you got threw out Mad and shook, cause your dockets got took (UHH!!) You call her up, phone is off the hook But who told you to front and flaunt your grip? You can't buy no relationship You played yourself [Trigger Tha Gambler] YOU PLAYED YOURSELF!! COME ON!! EVERYBODY!! YOU PLAYED YOURSELF!! [Ice-T] Ain't nobody else's fault YOU PLAYED YOURSELF!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Evil E the Great, Trigger Tha Gambler (SMG) Album: Gang Culture (Recorded Live in Europe) * Song: High Rollers (Live) Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * Originally performed Live At The Miles Davis Hall, Montreux, Switzerland on July 10th, 1995 [Verse One: Ice-T] (Trigger Tha Gambler) Speed of life, fast (UHH!!) It's like walking barefoot over broken glass (COME ON!!) It's like, jumping rope on a razor blade All lightening quick, decisions are made Lifestyle (PLUSH!!) females (RUSH!!) There's high profile personality, who earns his pay illegally Professional (LIAR!!) School boys (ADMIRE!!) Young girls desire, very few live to retire My Cash flow is extreme, my Dress Code is supreme My vocabulary is obscene Definition, street player, you know what I mean? (COME ON!!) The High Roller [Chorus: DJ Evil E] HIGH!! HIGH!! HIGH!! HIGH!! HIGH!! SWITZERLAND JUMP!! HIGH!! HIGH!! HIGH!! HIGH!! HIGH!! EVERYBODY JUMP!! ROLLER HIGH!! HIGH!! HIGH!! HIGH!! HIGH!! COME ON!! JUMP!! COME ON!! JUMP!! COME ON!! JUMP!! HIGH!! HIGH!! HIGH!! HIGH!! HIGH!! EVERYBODY JUMP!! YEAH!! EVERYBODY JUMP!! HIGH!! HIGH!! HIGH!! HIGH!! HIGH!! YEAH!! YEAH!! YEAH!! YEAH!! HIGH!! HIGH!! HIGH!! HIGH!! HIGH!! UHH!! UHH!! UHH!! HIGH ROLLERS!! [Verse Two: Ice-T] People of Montreux stop fooling yourself (UHH!!) Crime rules the streets, who the hell else? All the police have gone out to play No enough cold cash they'll look the other way Look at the cars as they roll by Benzs, Ferrari's, Trucks up high Beepers connecting players to big-time deals With all of this technology, who needs to steal? Just live a life of leisure every night and day And you're living proved that crime does pay Your life is dangerous and reckless You eat fly guys and girls for breakfast You're a titan of the nuclear age Muscles flex with the Uzi or 12 gauge And you love the game, that's why you close Because you're.. high price, high speed, high post You're high rollers The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Evil E The Great Album: Gang Culture (Recorded Live in Europe) * Song: I'm Your Pusher (Live) Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * Originally performed Live At The Miles Davis Hall, Montreux, Switzerland on July 10th, 1995 [Intro: DJ Evil E] Yo, yo, yo Switzerland Switzerland, yo man this is WHAT'S UP for a WHAT? Yeah, yo man as I ?? up, Switzerland doesn't know this And doesn't know what time it is man, you know what I'm saying? I don't think they know what time it is I wanna shoot man; the man with 50 grand that let Switzerland; know what time it is, you know what I'm saying? I want y'all to make some noise if y'all wanna know what time it is Scream Switzerland, yeah Yo baby, ??? throw this some high Hit them with it [Verse One: Ice-T] Yo, it's time for me to pump the volume No problem, the record is revolving Evil is the mixer, I'm the rap trickster Paparazzi is on the Bum Rush for pictures Ice, cooling, yo, colder than ever Punk executioner, E pulled the lever Rotate the wax, then cut and x the tracks Push up the levels 'til the red lights max Don't try to size up, you better wise up To the rap criminals, we're on the rise up We're selling dope, til we're succeeded Dope beats and lyrics, ain't no beepers needed (NEEDED!!) For this drug deal, I'm the big wheel The dope I'm selling, if you don't smoke you feel Out on the dance floor, on my world tour Selling dope in each and every record store I'm the king pin when the wax spins (UHH!) Crack or smack will take you to a sure end You don't need it, just throw that shit away You wanna get high? - Let the record play Now, if you feel me out there, move your hands like this here And everybody, we gonna sing along an old shit [Chorus: DJ Evil E] I'm your mama, I'm your daddy, I'm that nigga in the alley I'm the brother, when you need, a true player to emcee You know me, I'm your friend, your main boy, thick and thin [Ice-T] What's my name? (MC Ice-T!!) And what do I do for the living? Tell me? - I'm your.. PUSHER!! Yeah, yeah, here's some fly shit Check it out [Verse Two: Ice-T] I know you're loving this drugs as it's coming out your speaker Bass through the bottoms, highs through the tweeters But this base, you don't need a pipe Just a tempo to keep your hype (UHH!!) Grooving like I see you doing Some stupid crack, would just ruin Your natural high, why? - that ain't fly And anyone who says it is (LIE!!) Move like I knew you would, like I knew could And if you ain't cracked out then, I know you should Be able to give me a clap, to match exact with the track But I know that you ain't, I expect that Now this jam is lit, like the ultimate People high off dope but still physically fit Make a million buck, pack my dough in truck From selling dope beats, dope rhymes, dope cuts I'll be the biggest dope dealer in history Cause all the fly will be high off that Ice-T Show clap, show clap [Chorus: Ice-T] I'm your mama, I'm your daddy, I'm that nigga in the alley I'm the brother, when you need, a true player to emcee You know me, I'm your friend, your main boy... [Outro: Ice-T] What's my name? (MC Ice-T!!) And tell these motherfuckers what I do for the living I'm your.. PUSHER!! - YEAH!! Artist: Ice-T f/ Trigger Tha Gambler (SMG) Album: Gang Culture (Recorded Live in Europe) * Song: Girls L.G.B.N.A.F. (Live) Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * Originally performed Live At The Miles Davis Hall, Montreux, Switzerland on July 10th, 1995 [Verse One: Ice-T] (Trigger Tha Gambler) One Two, One Two, Two Three (COME ON!!) I'm the emcee called Ice-T (COME ON!!) That's DJ Evil E (On the Back!!) Islam creates the beats (DOPE BEATS!!) You girls look so sexy (UHH!!) I wish you all were up here with me (YEAH!) You drive me crazy with them big old butts Switzerland, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck! Yeah, I wanna make this real clear, dear (VERY CLEAR!!) I have no time to whisper in your ear (IN YOUR EAR!!) No time to remove our fears (WORD THEM UP!!) I just wanna get near (UHH!!) Get butt naked and roll around (ROLL AROUND!!) Move our bodies like up and down (UP AND DOWN!!) Do that stuff that your mama call smut! Come On! Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck! [Verse Two: Ice-T] (Trigger Tha Gambler) Come on girl, I know you wanna do it too (DO IT TOO!!) It's good to me and it's good to you (GOOD TO YOU!!) I only speak what's true (WORD THEM UP!! WORD THEM UP!!) Fellows, they say you don't but I know they do (YEAH!) Come on up to the room (YO, COME ON UP!!) We'll undress by the light of the moon (UHHA!) Lay down and I'll caress that butt Girl, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck! I mean real stupid and nasty (OH! YEAH!) I know what you want, you ain't got to ask me (UHHA!) Just lay back and I'll operate (What That?) Jimbraski will go to work and penetrate And then we're all feel great (GREAT!! GREAT!! GREAT!!) Make your move tonight, girl don't hesitate (UHHA!) We all want it, don't make it tough Come On, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck! [Verse Three: Ice-T] (Trigger Tha Gambler) Homeboys, you know the situation she has Trying to rap, they give you frustration (UHHA!) Nose in the air, turning us down When we're really wanna say! (YO BABY, LET'S GET DOWN) But we know; we keep fronting (WE'RE FRONTING!!) Kicking conversation, ain't talking about nothing When all that's really on our mind is what? Yo baby, Let's Get Butt Naked And Fuck! (FUCK!! FUCK!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Evil E the Great, Trigger Tha Gambler (SMG) Album: Gang Culture (Recorded Live in Europe) * Song: I Ain't New To This (Live) Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * Originally performed Live At The Miles Davis Hall, Montreux, Switzerland on July 10th, 1995 [Intro: DJ Evil E] We're gonna bop it like this, the reason to come here UHH!! Come On!! [Hook: Trigger Tha Gambler] Bop your hands like this, YEAH!! Bop your hands like this, COME ON!! Bop your hands like this, UHH!! YEAH!! Bop your hands like this, YEAH!! [Verse One: Ice-T] Do this, HUH! come on! come on! Time to get wreck and kick the so on And so on, the I-C-E-T O.G. M.C. - L.A.P.D. H-A-T-E-S (Ho!) Watch the mic blow I flip scripts, and the Dump drops the Ammo (Yeah!) Time to get wreck with the new style (Come On!) It's '95 and MCs are getting buck wild But I - ain't a - nigga That's gonna get left with a big zero as a figure I'm gonna end up with a big sum Cause if you don't like one jam, I always got another one Different, specifically I don't copy Tear up the track if my flow sounds sloppy I don't play one game I bust about a dozen cuts in my LP there's none the same I ain't new to this [Chorus:Ice-T (Trigger Tha Gambler)] I ain't (NEW TO THIS!) Switzerland (NEW TO THIS!) Montreux ain't (NEW TO THIS!) My homies ain't (NEW TO THIS!) The Jazz ain't (NEW TO THIS!) We ain't (NEW TO THIS!) Fuck fuck around you'll catch left and a right fist [Verse Two: Ice-T] Boom bang, I drop fat slang When I used to hustle, used to be down with the crack game When I was young, we used to roll with a street gang If you wanna squabble homeboy, it ain't no thing I ain't new to this, I ain't new to this Blow your dome, I hit quick as a pugilist HUH!, ah, what's up? Now your eyes swoll' Thought I went soft, cause my records went gold Sucker, you was a - motherfucking punk fool Caught you in your eye while you reached for your tool Now it's mine, and you're blind Pop-pop-pop-pop-pop goes the nine Yeah, what you're dissing about friend? Saying I went out, but you ain't never been in I got R-E-S-P-E-C-T in the industry That's something that you'll never see [Chorus: Ice-T (Trigger Tha Gambler)] I ain't (NEW TO THIS!) Montreux ain't (NEW TO THIS!) My homies ain't (NEW TO THIS!) We ain't (NEW TO THIS!) We ain't (NEW TO THIS!) You ain't (NEW TO THIS!) Fuck fuck around you'll catch left and a right fist The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Evil E the Great, Trigger Tha Gambler (SMG) Album: Gang Culture (Recorded Live in Europe) * Song: That's How I'm Living (Live) Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * Performed Live At The Miles Davis Hall, Montreux, Switzerland On July 10th, 1995 [Intro: DJ Evil E] That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's how I'm living!! That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's how I'm living!! That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's how I'm living!! [Ice-T] This is the story of my life [DJ Evil E] That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's how I'm living!! That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's how I'm living!! That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's how I'm living!! [Ice-T] That's how I'm living!! Check it, that's how I'm living!! [Verse One: Ice-T] I was born in New Jersey (HUH!) They said it before but I guess nobody heard me My mother died young No sisters or brothers, I was her only son When I was twelve my pops died too What's a brother was supposed to do? They sent me out West, to live with my aunt I guess they thought that was the best But there was no love there And growing with no moms, I guess I was prepared, to live in a vacuum The bedroom, the kitchen, the hall, the bathroom I didn't leave home much, I didn't like L.A. I didn't have no friends to trust, got bust to a school Blacks and whites, I guess it was cool But by High School I changed I didn't wanna bust, I didn't wanna play the game I walked to Crenshaw high (THAT SHIT WAS FLY!!) I hooked up with new crew Some brothers just seemed like they knew what the fuck to do You might call it a Gang, but we called it a Set And it was our own thing, the whole school was down And one way or another, everybody fucked around Whether hardcore or not You wore the right color or your ass got shot That's how you're living!! [Chorus: Trigger Tha Gambler] That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's how I'm Living!! That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's how I'm Living!! That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's how I'm Living!! That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's how I'm Living!! [Verse Two: Ice-T] I did three years in (UHH!) and made close friends Having no love, my homies became my only I was glad; the family I never had, I grew up fast I got a girl in 10th grade pregnant, needing cash Had to change my style Switched from banging for hustling, no more going buckwild Had to get a cash-flow But my hustle was weak, it was a no Go! I've joined the army Four years in that shit be all the fuck you can be Came back to the hood, my homies had done good Had elevated their game About a hundred Gs a lick, no shame Passed for the jewels, baby sledgehammers were the tools I speak on this with hesitation Even though it passed the statue of limitation That's how I'm living!! [Chorus: Trigger Tha Gambler] That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's how I'm living!! That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's how I'm living!! That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's how I'm living!! That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's how I'm living!! [Verse Three: Ice-T] I checked the bank I bought a Porsche, some gear and earned high street rank But as I grew, my whole crew fell through Cops had us on the books, as interstate crooks Murder, robbery, rape or escape, the whole damn nine I robbed a nigga blind I had too much juice, I cut my boosters loose Was intrigued with the Pimp Game, I took on the Ice-name But the Pimp Game moved too slow Especially for a nigga who was hooked on quick dough Then one night late, I was in a car-wreck and was lucky to escape Hospital for ten weeks in a bed, almost dead And when I got well I got caught in a cross and got locked in a jail cell That's how I'm living [Chorus: Trigger Tha Gambler] That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's How I'm Living!! That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's How I'm Living!! That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's How I'm Living!! That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's How I'm Living!! [Ice-T] Montreux if you feel me out there, Say YEAH!! (YEAH!!) Say HELL YEAH!! (HELL YEAH!!) YEAH!! [Chorus: Trigger Tha Gambler] That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's How I'm Living!! That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's How I'm Living!! That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's How I'm Living!! That's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's.. that's How I'm Living!! [Verse Four: Ice-T] Check it, so I changed my life I put down the gun, picked up the mic It took ten years, to get from there to here But I still keep a gun, cops got me on The Run And they hate me more, now, than they ever did before My homies came back from the pen (Penitentiary) And we all worked together, true friends But every once and while some chump, mistakes me as a punk And he gets in my face, wrong motherfucking place And I ain't lying, that's how you're dying [Evil E] Yo baby, yo man, this shit was fly man, Switzerland know how you're living, man But I don't think they wanna see me on the microphone doing this shit, man Y'all, did y'all wanna see me rap or what? [Trigger] Awww Shit! [Evil E] If y'all wanna see me on the microphone.. [Ice-T] You do not wanna see Evil E rap, don't wanna do this! [Evil E] The Great, The Great, The Great.. If y'all wanna see me rhyme, make some noise Say YEAH!! (YEAH!!) HELL YEAH!! (HELL YEAH!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Evil E the Great Album: Gang Culture (Recorded Live in Europe) * Song: This Is for the Niggers Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * Performed Live At The Miles Davis Hall, Montreux, Switzerland On July 10th, 1995 [Intro: DJ Evil E] COME ON!! JUMP!! JUMP!! YEAH!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! YEAH!! JUMP!! JUMP!! YEAH!! JUMP!! JUMP!! YEAH!! JUMP!! JUMP!! YEAH!! COME ON!! [Verse One: DJ Evil E] A scholar, with the main ingredient Uhh.. the evil one, I keep the suckers obedient Discipline, because I meditate the dope rhyme The super magna-later whores knew the time I spit the lyric, and it funk you to the max While the sucker, begin to tax with wax They call me teacher because I'm teaching them; Never fall ashore Cause Evil E is preaching them (UHH!) Microphone Fiend fanatic of the Rap scene I kick the flows, and bust a drag to your queen I'm co-operstetic, laid back, piece of the Belly Mack No time to waste on the case of the silly jack Biter Lyric hell know, it ain't my style No need to jock suckers, the course has formed a file I'm no man's led, I'm chilling like a snowman The king of cool can't get dissed, by no man [Chorus: Ice-T] Now, this is for the niggaz that be stocking you E (COME ON, KEEP JUMPING SWITZERLAND!) And all them fly haste whores that be clocking you E (YEAH!! UHHA!) And buster ass niggaz that be jocking you E [Evil E] Yo, fuck the punk niggaz, they don't wanna see me And this is for them niggaz that be stopping you E For all them fly haste whores that be jocking you E For all them buster ass niggaz that be jocking you E [Evil E] Yo, fuck the punk niggaz, they don't wanna see me [Verse Two: DJ Evil E] I got the cymbal, to make you symbol Of Rap and rhyme, and explodes like the bomb whore Uhh.. they clock my tip, I'm making a flip Whole strip, do I slip? (No E, you got a grip) War drove, Armageddon, for any occasion Mortally making, for a sucker invasion I spit the real, and never fall off track Guard for the Ice-T's.. (The Mega Mack) I shake them and break them then shake them like the tip of my dick If they get hectic then I squeeze the trigg' I make them sing along, and bring along An entourage set by the crib, the E's no mirage [Chorus: Ice-T] Now, this is for the niggaz that be stocking you E (COME ON! YEAH!!) For all them fly haste whores that be clocking you E (JUMP!! JUMP!!) For all them buster ass niggaz that be jocking you E (JUMP!! JUMP!!) [Evil E] Yo, fuck the punk niggaz, they don't wanna see me And this is for them niggaz that be stopping you E (SING THAT SHIT YALL!!) And all them fly haste whores that be clocking you E (YEAH!! JUMP!!) And all them buster ass niggaz that be jocking you E (YEAH!! JUMP!!) [Evil E] Yo, fuck the punk niggaz, they don't wanna see me [Verse Three: DJ Evil E] It's the real E, nobody is imitating Just the funk shot, dope rhymes and fenestrating Kicking the funky stuff, can't get enough suckers at stock And hang them up to flock Where I'm from, I'm the soul survivor Gets liver, cause I'm the rapping MacGyver Evil E, and my nigga in the background Shooting up shit, shaking down for the frown [Chorus: Ice-T] Now, this is for the niggaz that be stopping you E (SING THAT SHIT BABY!!) For all them fly haste whores that be clocking you E (YEAH!! YEAH!!) For all them buster motherfuckers that be jocking you E [Evil E] Yo, fuck the punk niggaz, they don't wanna see me And this is for them niggaz that be stocking you E For all them fly haste whores that be clocking you E (YEAH!! SWITZERLAND IN THE House) For all them buster ass niggaz that be jocking you E [Evil E] Yo, fuck the punk niggaz, they don't wanna see me [Evil E] Me, and the Mic, how you like that Switzerland? [Ice-T:] YEAAAHHHHH!! Evil E is in the motherfucking house! [Evil E] YEAAAHHHHH!! Switzerland in the house, I like this shit! YEAHH Switzerland, YEAHH! Switzerland, Swiss Accounts! All that shit, Pimp Behind the Wheels [Ice-T] Y'all done fucked up now! Motherfuckers don't wanna raise all kind of shit Ain't this a bitch? Evil E rapping Evil, you're getting better to getting busy back to me? - you're ready? [Evil E] I'm ready B! [Ice-T] Y'all we've been doing this shit for a long time And that's why I'm glad to be here! Like to thank everybody who had anything to getting us out here to Montreux Peace to all my homies out there in Switzerland Make some noise so I know you're out there [Evil E] YEAH!! MAKE SOME NOISE!! [Ice-T] I mean this shit goes way back How many people remember the first album Rhyme Pays? After that, how about the album called Power! After that, The IceBerg, remember that one? How about the album called O.G.! Finally 'Home Invasion' man Montreux, this is some old shit, right? Check it out, how many albums is that like? Ten? - Nine? - Eight? [Evil E] Seven? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Evil E the Great, Trigger Tha gambler (SMG) Album: Gang Culture (Recorded Live in Europe) * Song: Medley Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * Originally performed Live At The Miles Davis Hall, Montreux, Switzerland On July 10th, 1995 [Verse One: Ice-T] Six in the morning, police at my door Fresh Adidas® squeak across the bathroom floor Out my back window, I made my escape Didn't even get a chance to grab my old school tape Mad with no music, but happy cause free And the streets to a player is the place to be Got a knot in my pocket, weighing at least a grand Gold on my neck, my pistol is closed in hand I'm a self-made monster of the city streets Remotely controlled by hard Hip-Hop beats But just living here in Montreux is a serious task Didn't know what the pigs wanted, didn't have time to ask [Break: Trigger Tha gambler] EVERYBODY, PUMP YOUR FIST!! EVERYBODY, PUMP YOUR FIST!! PUMP YOUR FIST!! [Ice-T] Say WORD!! Now after that one, we even got funkier, remember this one? I remember this one [Break: Trigger Tha gambler] COME ON!! WAVE YOUR HANDS IN THE AIR!! AND WAVE THEM LIKE YOU'RE JUST DON'T CARE!! JUST WAVE YOUR HANDS IN THE AIR!! AND WAVE THEM LIKE YOU'RE JUST DON'T CARE!! [Verse Two: Ice-T] I-C-E B-E-R-G - what's that spell? Iceberg nigga, can't you read? Time to bleed, slaughter, slice Try to say I wasn't nice as we waxed them punks like lab mice Dice them up, slice them up, dissect Put you in a boiling pot and let your ass sweat Cause I rap on game you say I'm weak in a freestyle? Well 911 you should dial Before my posse makes a move on your mom's crib Think we got knives and guns? - (We got bombs, kid) Blow up your whole block, you hear the gunshots Throw you in the Syndicate cellar and watch your body rot Cause I'm the coldest motherfucker that you ever heard Call me The Ice, or just The Iceberg [Break: Ice-T] Yeah, Yeah, yeah!! - Come On!! Just The Iceberg, can I do one about Evil E? - say YEAH!! [Verse Three: Ice-T] Evil E was at Cesspool with a freak one night Fucked the bitch with a flashlight (DAMN!!) Pulled it out and left the batteries in So he could get a charge when he begins (UHH!!) Used his dick, the shit was tight Bitch's titties start blinking like tail lights Rolled her over to change the connection The bitch's ugly face, cold spoiled his erection I'm the Ice rhymer, big timer And yes I'm a pimp, player, hustler, kind of Mack Poet, impressive, I know it Don't only rhyme for niggaz cause I live my life co-ed On the mic, it's living, breathing hype, a 1995 type Dolomite Cool motherfucker (WORD!!) call me The Ice, or just The Iceberg [Break: Evil E] Yeah, put your fist in the air, let's go COME ON!! COME ON!! COME ON!! COME ON!! COME ON!! COME ON!! Power, say POWER!! say POWER!! say POWER!! say POWER!! Evil E, say POWER!! Evil E, say POWER!! Say POWER!! say POWER!! say POWER!! [Verse Four: Ice-T] I'm living large as possible, posse unstoppable Style topical, vividly optical Listen, you'll see them, sometimes I'll be them Cops, critics and punks, never ever wanted to see us in (POWER) Well, that's too bad, Apocalypse Now I'm back and I'm mad We're coming, you're running, cold and cunning Ice-T on the mic (Said What?) Top Gunning After your neck, checking respect Making you sweat, Rhyme Syndicate boy in effect The rap motivator, teacher, talker, the rhyme stalker Words thrilling, so real, they're chilling The hit author, getting louder than a shot gun You don't want none RHYME PAYS was the name of the album But that was number one, this was number two My posse grew, we're gonna break through with POWER! [Outro: Trigger Tha gambler] POWER!! YO, PUMP IT UP!! PUMP IT UP!! POWER!! JUST PUMP IT UP!! PUMP IT UP!! POWER!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Evil E the Great Album: Gang Culture (Recorded Live in Europe) * Song: Peel Their Caps Back (Live) Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * Originally performed Live At The Miles Davis Hall, Montreux, Switzerland on July 10th, 1995 [Intro: Ice-T] Let's go on a drive-by, bring the lights down Bring the lights down, Lightman Bring the lights down, real low Let's go on a drive-by, you all ready? [DJ Evil E] Yeah! [Ice-T] Cooling in my crib, cold video dumping FBI warning, don't mean nothing They call that shit a crime? - Yo, that shit's a joke Hit record on my dope remote I heard my phone ringing, I wonder who could it be It was the E, the V, yes the I-L E, he said: [DJ Evil E] We got static - word, I just got out Punks tried to move at the club and we shot out Bullets everywhere [Ice-T] Okay, what's the prob? [EvilE] Ink got popped, he's dead as a doorknob [Ice-T] You're bullshitting! [DJ Evil E] Boy, I ain't fucking around The posse's rolling tonight, nigga are you down? [Ice-T] I got my HK, my AK and my baby Mac Strapped on my vest, and threw the Nine in the small of my back I said chill, don't let nobody move without me I say you know where they are? - he said: [EvilE] I know where they be [Ice-T] Let's peel their caps back Let's peel their caps back [Ice-T] Twelve o'clock midnight, posse was airtight Twenty-five cars, under the streetlight Some people talked, while others cried Ink was a brother, who shouldn't have died Then the silence broke, Ice what's it gonna be? 38 hard brothers stood and stared at me There was only two words that I had to say P-A-Y, B-A-C-K The cars loaded with a silence that could rape the dead Pistols clipped as the chamber's loaded full of lead Everyone in that crew knew what I said; Would mean by morning, somebody else soon would be dead Let's peel their caps back [Ice-T] The cars hit the corner like a long black snake Night prowling for a life to take You see down in the hood, it's an eye for an eye That's the answer to the question why In my throat, there's a lump, then I swallow it, I ain't no chump Face of Death, then I cocked my pump I'm a nigga on the trigger, madder than a Pitbull Just laying for a reason to pull >on you, any duck motherfucker, that gets in my way I'm insane, and my homeboy's death made me this way But then we spot him, Evil E shot him Dead in the face, made sure that we got him Others ran, but no mercy to the posse's wrath Automatic Uzi motherfucking bloodbath [Chorus: Ice-T] Let's peel their caps back Let's peel their caps back Let's peel their caps back [Ice-T] Then all of a sudden, a bullet came through my eye My dome exploded and I felt my other brothers died I drink my blood as I fell like shit into the street My corpse stunk like a burnt out rotten piece of meat Ten brothers died in this stupid homicidal binge Cause whenever someone dies, nobody wins But this drama, you'll never hear a word of Cause all the paper's gonna read is a gang murder GANG MURDER!! [Ice-T] Yeah, so I'm having a good time man Let me see what we done did so far Old shit, new shit, old shit (YEAH!!!) I got an idea; what about some new shit; of the Ice-T's sixth album that nobody has ever heard before? (YEAH!!!) I'm talking about some shit, nobody has ever fucking heard before Should I try it right here? (YEAH!!!) I got a new album, it will be out later on this year The title of it is; Ice-T VI (YEAH!!!) (Sixth album) Return of The Real This album is funky, it might be too funky for you motherfuckers The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Evil E the Great, Trigger Tha Gambler Album: Gang Culture (Recorded Live in Europe) * Song: Make The Loot Loop (Live) Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * Originally performed Live At The Miles Davis Hall, Montreux, Switzerland on July 10th, 1995 [Intro] [Trigg] Get down, get down [Ice-T] Here we go [Trigg] Get down, get down [Ice-T] Yeah, yeah, yeah, play the ride like that nigga [Trigg] Come On! [Ice-T] Hit it, hit it, hit [Trigg] Get down, get down [Ice-T] I bet they're feeling it [Trigg] Everybody now, get down, get down [Verse One: Ice-T] I ain't no motherfucking gangster, wish you'd quit calling me that Although I still pack straps, I roll in Benzes and Lacs Best believe the gats in my promo shots ain't props I hang out sunroof tops, and pop glocks at cops (Yo, how you're living?) On the mellow, cooling with my fellow Hustlers, players, super bitch-layers Macaronis on the true D.L. - hell, most Fucking with my niggaz you could end up ghost (Come On!) I made a million, got my shit out pawned Bailed out the homies, now the shit's back on Moved out the ghetto, cause I hate it But I roll through your fucking hood and regulate it Cause I wasn't born to be broke, I let the .4-5th smoke Before I let my baby boy go under, no wonder I'm addicted to the cash flow, stacks of green Flashback, I'm nudging weights down the triple beam I'ma make a Get down, get down [Break #1] [Ice-T] Let me here you all out there! [Trigg] Come On! get down, get down, Say it [Ice-T] Yeah, let me represent girls [Trigg] Say it, Get down, get down, Yeah! [Ice-T] Yeah! [Trigg] Come On! everybody, get down, get down [Ice-T] Yeah! yeah! yeah! let's fill this [Verse Two: Ice-T] I must admit, I got a lust for loot, quick to shoot Ostrich, fruits and Austin Martin coupes Fill my dreams with cream, I got wet sheets I'm busting nuts over currency, kid, fuck freaks We be the niggaz in the back of the club with the Moët Bitches, shrimps, macking like pimps Wearing fly shit you never seen before (RAW!!) I turn an angel to a whore, now need I say more? My perm got bounce, fuck a 40 ounce I'm sipping Cristal, pal, and represent I shall To the end of the game, this nigga Ice got fame Just not over these beats, but on the 4-wheel streets I make the loot loop [Break #2] [Ice-T] Get down, get down [Trigg] Say it, Come On! everybody down [Ice-T] Let me hear you all out there, come on! one more time [Trigg] Get down, get down, Yo! in the back y'all [Ice-T] Yeah! some old gangsters shit, check it out [Trigg] Get down, get down HUH! yeah! say it in the back [Ice-T] Get down, get down, Yeah! check it [Verse Three: Ice-T] Say what you will, I'm the fool on the hill With the pool, Jacuzzi, laser-beam Uzi Niggaz in L.A. know the Ice don't play I'm just a savage for the cabbage and a pimp parlay I rock a million with the jewels in the park (don't start) Cause my niggaz ain't the big ones, just big guns Pushing the limits of this game til I gets my piece Put my true queen Darlene in a white Cor-niece So stay broke if you wanna, hang out on your corner Step back from the curb when we roll up on ya Twenty black cars all tinted, we meant it Syndicate forever; posse of the clever Rubber-bands strap the fat green knots A strict hustler not a gangster but I still lick shots For the goal.. (Get down, Get down) Peace! I'm out like Nicole [Break #3: DJ Evil E] HUH! Yeah! [Ice-T] Did you got some of that old slow gangster shit niggaz be riding to? Get down, Get down, gangsters shit, you know.. How many people out there like guns? They always tell me I rap about guns too much How many people out there got a gun? You got a gun? - You got a gun? How many people out there like the group called Onyx? What is the song I did dedicated to guns? Ha ha ha, it's guns, gun record And the hook is; I cramp your style, with a bullet and a smile I cramp your style, with a bullet and a smile Can you all say that? - I cramp your style, with a bullet and a smile Yo, bring it in, this is for the gun totters out there The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ EJ Evil E the Great, Trigger Tha Gambler (SMG) Album: Gang Culture (Recorded Live in Europe) * Song: Cramp Your Style (Live) Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * Originally performed Live At The Miles Davis Hall, Montreux, Switzerland on July 10th, 1995 [Intro/Chorus: Trigger Tha Gambler] I cramp your style, with a bullet and a smile I cramp your style, with a bullet and a smile I cramp your style, with a bullet and a smile I cramp your style, with a bullet and a smile (Yeah!) I cramp your style, with a bullet and a smile I cramp your style, with a bullet and a smile I cramp your style, with a bullet and a smile I cramp your style, with a bullet and a smile I cramp your style, with a bullet and a smile (Check it, UHH!) [Verse One: Ice-T] Niggaz on the DL, casing me out Hawking my jewels, feeling for their tools When they come they gots to come correct Because they know I catch wreck, a well known wild street vet Step into the kill zone, baby, it's on I pack the twin nine-mills that'll lift your dome (UHH!) Chrome pump with double-eyed slots and such A fully-auto Mac-dime that is sure to touch ya (UHH!) Bust you with the Desert Eagle Street legal, move against my people and the Ice gets evil (Yeah!) Hit you with the .44 Smith & Wes-Son You're best to run cause my Tech eats pests I got a glock with the laser, hot police taser Step in real close, I hit your throat with the razor (UHH!) You wanna live or die, it's your decision Talk shit, you're dissing, I got you in my night vision Brain fragments on the street released Another nigga fronts hard, another nigga deceased I got a H.K., A.K. and a M-1-6 A 12-gauge street sweeper with the circular clip (Yeah!) Quick to let projectiles fly, you die And watch your fat moms cry - bull's eye [Chorus: Trigger Tha Gambler X2] [Ice-T] What you think all the guns is for? [Verse Two: Ice-T] Yo, what you think all the guns is for? (UHH!) What's up? - niggaz don't seem to hear Still looking crazy, let me make this clear Fool, the Ice ain't having it And when I let loose lead, believe I'm accurate (UHH!) Fat scope on a 30-Ack-6 Sawed-off double barrel and a pistol grip (UHH!) Pump on my lap at all times I fill my gauge shells with nickels and dimes Thompson Center, spitting .45 slugs Black Mac-11, Python .3-57, Snub-nose .38 or .3-8-0 Seventy Automatic, full metal jackets (Yeah!) Hollow points coming at you fast You'll feel the slug before you hear the blast (Come On!) [Chorus: Trigger Tha Gambler X2] [Ice-T] What you think all the guns is for? [EvilE] Yeah, Uhha, yeah, guns is for? [Interlude: Ice-T] Yeah, now Montreux's in the house I wanna hear somebody out there; say YEAH!! (YEAH!!) Say HELL YEAH!! (HELL YEAH!!) [Verse Three: Ice-T] I don't like shooting, but I do shoot straight Niggaz I be rolling with, will shoot up a wake Why you wanna step in the sights of a nigga? Known hair trigger, the coroner delivers (UHH!) More cold bodies to the morgue each weekend One minute you're breathing, next minute you're leaking Best to listen close cause I ain't no boast and Never forget that I leave you wet Bloody, sticky, holes in your Dickey's Oh! what a pity, looking all shitty My Winchester will get the best of ya Hand grenades will fade all the rest of ya I reach out and touch you with the parabellum (UHH!) You got a crew, you better tell them [Chorus: Trigger Tha Gambler X2] [EvilE] Yeah, Uhha, uhha, you know what I'm saying? [Ice-T] Yo, what you think all the guns is for? [EvilE] Yeah, yeah, yeah! [Ice-T] Yo, what you think all the guns is for? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Evil E the Great, Trigger Tha Gambler (SMG) Album: Gang Culture (Recorded Live in Europe) * Song: Medley (Remix) Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * Originally performed Live At The Miles Davis Hall, Montreux, Switzerland on July 10th, 1995 [Intro: Trigger Tha Gambler] O.G. Original Gangster, O.G. Original Gangster Original Gangster ----------> Ice-T COME ON!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! COME ON!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! COME ON!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! Switzerland!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! COME ON!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! [Verse One: Ice-T] Here we go, ten years ago I used to listen to rappers flow Talking about the way they rock the mic of the disco I liked how that shit was going down (Yeah!) Dreamed about ripping the mic with my own sound So I tried to write rhymes, something like them My boys said: that ain't you Ice? - that shit sounds like them So I sat back, thought up of new track Didn't fantasize, kicked a pure facts Motherfuckers got scared, cause they was unprepared Who would tell it how it really was? - who dared? A motherfucker from the West Coast L.A. South Central fool, where the Crips and the Bloods play When I wrote about parties it didn't fit Six in the Morning - that was a real shit [Break #1: Trigger Tha Gambler] O.G. Original Gangster - O.G. Original Gangster - O.G. Original Gangster O.G. Original Gangster - O.G. Original Gangster - O.G. Original Gangster O.G. Original Gangster - O.G. Original Gangster - O.G. Original Gangster [Verse Two: Ice-T] When I wrote about parties, someone always died When I tried to write happy, yo, I knew I lied Cause, I lived a life of crime, why play you blind? A simple look and anyone with two cents would know I'm; A hardcore player from the streets Rapping about hardcore topics over hardcore drum beats A little different than the average though Jet you through the fast lane, drop you on death row Cause anybody who's been there knows that Life ain't so lovely on the blood-soaked fast track That invincible shit don't work I throw you in a joint, you'll be coming out feet first So I blast the mic with my style Sometimes I'm ill, and other times buck wild But the science is always there I'd be a true sucker, if I acted like I didn't care I rap for brothers just like myself Dazed by the game in a quest for extreme wealth But I kick it to you hard and real One wrong move (DAMN!!) and your caps peeled (*Gun Shot*) I ain't no super hero, I ain't no Marvel Comic But when it comes to game I'm atomic At dropping it, at a straight, point blank and untwisted No imagination needed, cause I lived it This ain't no fucking joke, this shit is real to me I'm Ice-T, O.G. [Break #2: Trigger Tha Gambler] O.G. Original Gangster - O.G. Original Gangster - O.G. Original Gangster O.G. Original Gangster - O.G. Original Gangster - O.G. Original Gangster [Interlude: DJ Evil E] YEAAAAHHHHHH!! COME ON!! PUMP IT UP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! JUMP!! Hit them with it! [Verse Three: Ice-T] Hustler, word, I pull the trigger long Grit my teeth, spray 'til every nigga's gone Got my block sewn, armored dope spots Last thing I sweat's a sucker punk cop Move like a king when I roll hops You try to flex (BANG!!) another nigga drops You gotta deal with this cause there's no way out (Why?) Cash money ain't never gonna play out I got nothing to lose, much to gain In my brain, I got a capitalist migraine I gotta get paid tonight, you're motherfucking right Think of my grip, check my bitch, keep my game tight So many whores on my jock, think I'm a movie star In nineteen, got a fifty thousand dollar car Go to school, I ain't going for it Kiss my ass, bust the cap on the Moët Cause I don't wanna hear that crap (WHY?!!) I'd rather be a New Jack Hustler! [Break #3: Ice-T] Now, we got any hustlers in the house? Say YEAH!! (YEAH!!) Say HELL YEAH!! (HELL YEAH!!) Say HELL MOTHERFUCKING YEAH!! (HELL MOTHERFUCKING YEAH!!) YEAH!! now SCREAM, scream Switzerland is in the house [Interlude: DJ Evil E] Yo Ice man, I like the way you just got it down You got the fliest girl, the jewels, look at that ring right there I know that's real, it's gotta be real Yo man, you're the fliest nigga I done seen in my life, man! I don't understand this, School Rules in the house, Jazzmatazz Yo Berg, yo bust this, hell can I be down? [Verse Four: Ice-T] What's up? ~ You say you wanna be down? Ease back, or motherfucker get beat down Out my face, fool, I'm the illest Bulletproof, I die harder than Bruce Willis Got my crew in effect, that I bought them new Jags So much cash, gotta keep it in Hefty bags All I think about is cheese and Gs Imagine that, me working at Mickey D's (ha ha ha ha) That's a joke cause I'm never gonna be broke When I die, there'll be bullets and gunsmoke You don't like my lifestyle? (FUCK YOU!) I'm rolling with the New Jack crew [Break #4: Trigger Tha Gambler] Colors!! Colors!! Colors!! Colors!! Colors!! Colors!! Colors!! Colors!! [Verse Five: Ice-T] I am a nightmare walking, psychopath talking King of my jungle, just a gangster stalking Living life like a firecracker, quick is my fuse Then dead as a death-pack, the colors I choose Red or Blue, Cuz or Blood, it just don't matter Sucker dies for your life when my shotgun scatters (Colors!) The gangs of L.A. will never die (WHY? WHY? WHY?) Just multiply, Colors! [Break #5: Ice-T] WAVE YOUR HANDS IN THE AIR!! AND WAVE THEM LIKE YOU JUST DON'T CARE!! Say YEAH!! (YEAH!!) Say HELL YEAH!! (HELL YEAH!!) Say HELL MOTHERFUCKING YEAH!! (HELL MOTHERFUCKING YEAH!!) Yeah, Montreux's in the house, UHH!! [Verse Six: Ice-T] You don't know me (Fool) you disown me (Cool) I don't need your assistance, social persistence Any problem I got, I just stick my fist in My life is violent, but violent is life Peace is a dream, reality is a knife My color is my honor, my color is my all With my colors upon me, one soldier stands tall Tell me; what have you left me? - what have I got? Last night in cold blood, my young brother got shot My home got jacked, my mother is on crack My sister can't work, cause her arms show tracks Madness, insanity, live in profanity Then some punk claiming; you're understanding me Give me a break; what world do you live in? Death is my sect, guess my religion! [Break #6: DJ Evil E] Colors!! Colors!! Colors!! Colors!! Colors!! Colors!! Colors!! Colors!! Switzerland's in the house, YEAAAHHH!! SOMEBODY SCREAM!! - SCREAM!! - SCREAM!! Yo, Syndicate fool! [Verse Seven: Ice-T] My pants are sagging, braided hair Suckers stare, but I don't care My game ain't knowledge, my game's fear I've no remorse, so squares beware But my true mission, is just revenge You ain't in my sect, you ain't my friend Wear the wrong color your life could end Homicides my favorite avenge [Break #7: Trigger Tha Gambler] Colors!! Colors!! Colors!! Colors!! Oh! SHIT! yo, what the fuck is this shit? Colors!! Colors!! Colors!! Colors!! What is this shit? Yo, Switzerland are you there? SCREAM!! - SCREAM!! - SCREAM!! Yo, Syndicate is in this motherfucker, Syndicate fool! [Verse Eight: Ice-T] I just walk like a giant, the police defiant You'll say to stop, but I'll say that I can't My gang's my family, y'all it that I have I'm a star, on the wall is my autograph You don't like it, so you know where you can go Cause the streets are my stage, and terror's my show Psychoanalyze tried, diagnosing me wise It wasn't your brother, that brutally died But it was mine, so let me define My territory; don't cross the line Don't try to act crazy, cause the shit don't faze me If you ran like a punk, it wouldn't amaze me Cause my color is death, though we're all want peace But our war won't end, til the all world decease * Crowd went nuts and gave up a great round of applause The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) f/ Trigger Tha Gambler (SMG) Album: Murder 4 Hire Song:  Invincible Gangsta Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com  [Intro: Ice-T] BC baby, got Trigger Tha Gambler SMG in the house! [Chorus: Together X3] Play the game, get cash, get paid Get your money, get your power, get your bitches man! [Verse One: Ice-T] It's simple easy don't rock to vote Get your guns, get your dope, that's all she wrote Lock your blocks, cock your glocks, get your gang in check Fuck the cops, get your money, stack that street respect Get your cars on them big rims, chrome is a must Keep your strap at your hip, nigga ready to bust (BLAWW!) Don't sleep, keep your hustle air tight and fly Don't worry in the street life nobody dies! [Chorus: Together X3] [Verse Two: Trigger Tha Gambler] First is the power man, make ends to pepper fame Get respect, get respect, protect to your haters man Stash them in gators, damn, get money, fuck the bitch Cause you can do that bullshit in a later plan Focus on your tips, slang bricks, pack guns Shoot a nigga, fuck the bank rob, store stack ones Slang weed, cook grips, bubble that block If your money ain't lift you right, hustle that rock And fuck the cop [Chorus: Ice-T X3] [Verse Three: Ice-T] I ain't afraid of you, cause none of y'all can kill me I ain't afraid of you, cause nobody can kill me I ain't afraid of you, cause none of y'all can kill me I ain't afraid of you, cause nobody can kill me I ain't afraid of you, cause none of y'all can kill me I ain't afraid of you, cause nobody can kill me [Hook: Trigger Tha Gambler] Invincible - Gangster.. Gangster.. Gangster Invincible - Gangster.. Gangster.. Gangster Invincible - Gangster.. Gangster.. Gangster Invincible - Gangster.. Gangster.. Gangster Invincible - Gangster.. Gangster.. Gangster Invincible - Gangster.. Gangster.. Gangster Invincible - Gangster.. Gangster.. Gangster Invincible - Gangster.. Gangster.. Gangster Gangster.. Gangster.. Gangster Gangster.. Gangster.. Gangster Gangster.. Gangster.. Gangster [Chorus: Together X3] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Murder 4 Hire Song:  The End Game Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Ice-T] I was reading the news the other day, they called me a Gangster I've never robbed to starve the entire countries I've never committed genocide, on entire races of people  I've never dropped my bombs and killed innocent women and children Whose the fucking GANGSTER?!! [Verse One: Ice-T] The End Game motherfucker get your shit tight Shit right, listen, it's a mission to keep us in the dark Keep us apart, keep us throwing poisonous darts Enter the black room, cash rules everything son Nobody's your friend, fool, go for your guns Trust no one, money buys souls and lives Brothers and wives, alibis, many will die Fucking with the quick to get you niggaz Demons from hell! Their rooms are oval, their plan is global They make pawns of men, in the name of god they keep us apart I don't know about you but I don't hate as much as they do I'm just trying to live and shit Motherfuckers best pray that they don't blow us all away WHO? WHO? - The power hungry fools on the hill Before they lose they'll push the fucking button Explode the air! - Winter and black rain, they play The End Game [Verse Two: Ice-T] Motherfuckers take what they can take, motherfucking snakes They stole this land we live on, and kill to keep Then they lied in the school books and rocked us to sleep We're just lambs here waiting for the blood bath baby Hitman army, Hitman Navy Moved by the wicked hands of money not love No one knows the secrets, it's an evil mix man Hold your breath pray for death, that's the only truth left [Chorus:] [Verse Three: Ice-T] I ain't never done shit to your country of fame Don't want your oil man, don't want your land The people that your beefing with are not my friends They hate me too, and they want me to hate you It's the evilest of mixes keep the people twisted Power mongers on earth, they trade life for dirt It ain't the people of this planet, it's the kings and their courts And they do what they gotta do cause murder's their sport [Chorus: X2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Murder 4 Hire Song:  You Don't Know Me (Pain) Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com  [Intro: Ice-T] No matter how much of my music you've listened to How many interviews you've read on me, how many times you've seen me on TV No matter what you think! [Chorus: Ice-T] You don't know me - FEEL MY PAIN!! You don't know me - FEEL MY PAIN!! You don't know me - FEEL MY PAIN!! [Verse One: Ice-T] You don't know me, don't know my life Don't know my struggle, don't know my pain Don't live in my brain, don't know my thoughts Don't know my fears, don't really know my name You just talk shit, talk like you know Talk like you been there, talk like you lived it Motherfucker, I would like to take you one day Take you down to my hood, take you out to play See the results of A.K. spray, pick up a baby girl missing a leg Come home and find your whole family dead Get a 4.5 cocked up to your head Get jacked by the cops, beat down in the street No electricity, hungry for weeks You don't know, well, I think you should Cause down in the ghetto, well, it ain't at all good! [Chorus: Ice-T] [Verse Two: Ice-T] You don't know me just heard the song Rapped with the music, just sang along Never really pulled and cocked the steel Never shot for real, never aimed to kill Never pushed no crack, never locked a block Never hit no cop, never packed a Glock You like listening to Gangster shit Makes you feel real hardcore, roll with the Crips This shit's real, soon you'll learn People do die, bullets do burn Go off in the ghetto and make the wrong turn Get your motherfucking cap let back! Quicker than fuck, you can get your ass stuck Dumped in a ditch, burnt in a truck Stick to the CD, and stay away Cause you don't know me and niggas don't play! [Chorus: Ice-T] [Verse Three: Ice-T] This is not your life, You are just a visitor! This is not your life! This is not your life, You are just a visitor! This is not your life! life! life! (*Multiple Gun Shots*) You don't know me not like me at all Don't wake up everyday on edge of death I don't trust anybody including myself I feel like I'll die violently, fuck my health! Or maybe you do and you feel the same Wake up with headaches cursing the game Grab at your brain like your going insane Then I know you can feel my pain! [Chorus: Ice-T] [Outro: Ice-T] This is not your life, You are just a visitor! This is not your life! This is not your life, You are just a visitor! This is not your life!    (*Multiple Gun Shots*) Body Count! Motherfucker! (*Multiple Gun Shots*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Murder 4 Hire Song:  The Passion of Christ Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Ice-T] Ever since I was a baby, I never knew, if there was any superior power I'm a grown man, and I still don't know [Verse One: Ice-T] I will be the only one, you'll ever trust, you'll ever need The only truth, the born again, the son of one, the Devil's pain (PAIN!!) You all I need, your faith's my life, belief's my blood I feed your hope, my book is law To challenge me is blasphemy, my wrath is hell (HELL!!) I have dies a thousand deaths, my pain's been felt two thousand years And to my soul, I've lead my peers, salvation is their only hope (HOPE!!) To save them from their evil ways, their sinning lives, their evil paths But you must trust, give me your soul, then you must read and then believe! [Chorus: Ice-T X2] For your sins I... For your love I... For your souls I... Feel my.. Passion! [Hook: Ice-T] Is there a God? - Is there a God? Is there a God? - Is there a God? Is there a God? - Is there a God? Is there a God? - Is there a God? [Chorus: Ice-T X2] For your sins I... For your love I... For your souls I... Feel my.. Passion! [Verse Two: Ice-T] I am one the only one, the son of God, if you believe The fear of me, is taught to those in need of hope The sick and broke, the book of me, written by men Considered truth, and by the rules All that believe, controls the lives It's holly words bought in through church It's nemesis as Lucifer, the fallen angel, the second son If you believe; his power matches mine with evil, hate and pain! (PAIN!!) A war is battled every day, every second so they say We are ghosts but still alive but all this requires faith! (FAITH!!) [Hook: Ice-T] Is there a God? - Is there a God? Is there a God? - Is there a God? Is there a God? - Is there a God? Is there a God? - Is there a God? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Murder 4 Hire Song:  In My Head Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Verse One: Ice-T] I watch you everyday when you leave your building I love the little outfits you wear I know you wear them for me, God I want you Since the day you first laid eyes on me There was no doubt that you would be mine You don't know me but I know you want me badly Can't control your feelings, it hurts you so you shy away You'll love me sooner or later, that's our destiny [Chorus: Ernie C X2] In my head.. You are my wife! In my head.. You only want me! In my head.. God has a plan! In my head.. I am your man! [Verse Two: Ice-T] I watch you from my window I see you when you sleep each night I know you dream of me in your arms I'll be there soon my love You go to work, you pass me and you smile at me That's just a little way, you choose to tease me and play [Chorus: Ernie C X2] [Verse Three: Ice-T] I call you on the phone at night but never speak I love to hear you breathe, it gives me chills Your body seems so close to me The other day I saw you with some guy, yo, who is he? He needs to understand that you're my girl and he could die! If I can't have you as mine then no one will! - I love you! If I can't have you as mine then no one will! - You love me! If I can't have you as mine then no one will! - He's not right for you! If I can't have you as mine then no one will! - Don't do this to me! Bitch!! Bitch!! [Chorus: Ernie C X2] [Verse Four: Ice-T] I've Pictures of you pasted on my wall that I have taken of you You walk your dog, I watch you in the shower I bought a camera, binoculars and video Your with me always, I love you more each hour That you don't know me, that turns me on that much more I know you know I watch you, you little teasing whore One night soon, I'll introduce you to my flesh You are the one God chose, though you don't know me yet! If I can't have you as mine then no one will! - I love you! If I can't have you as mine then no one will! - You love me! If I can't have you as mine then no one will! - He's not right for you! If I can't have you as mine then no one will! - Don't do this to me! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Murder 4 Hire Song:  D Rocs (R.I.P) * Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com  * Lines had being quoted from 'Strippers Intro' on the 'Violent Demise: The Last Days' LP [Ice-T with echoes] Play real.. play.. play real All that old.. all that old.. I'm cute bitch Go on and get a.. go on and get a.. basketball player This is rock.. this is rock.. rock.. rock!  This is rock.. this is rock.. rock.. rock! Play real.. play.. play real.. play real This is rock.. this is rock.. rock.. rock! All that old.. all that old.. all that old.. all that old.. I'm cute  Go on and get a.. go.. go on and get a.. basketball  This is rock.. this is rock.. rock.. rock! This is.. this is rock.. this is.. this is rock.. rock.. rock! Play real.. play.. play real All that old.. I'm cute.. all that old.. all that old.. I'm cute Bitch, go on and get a.. basketball  Go.. go on and get a.. basketball player This is rock.. rock.. rock! All that old.. I'm cute.. play real.. play.. play real This is rock.. this is rock.. rock.. rock! Play.. play.. play.. play.. play real All that old.. all that old.. all that old.. all that old.. I'm cute Bitch, go on and get a.. bitch, go on and get a.. basketball   This is rock.. this is.. this is.. this is rock.. rock.. rock! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Murder 4 Hire Song:  Murder 4 Hire Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com  [Intro: Ice-T] Kill, Kill, Kill, Kill! --------> Tupac Shakur Kill, Kill, Kill, Kill! --------> Tupac Shakur Murder, murder, murder, murder Murder, murder, murder, murder Murder, murder, murder, murder Murder, murder, murder, murder Kill, Kill, Kill, Kill! --------> Tupac Shakur [Verse One: Ice-T] Jacker of life, the last thing you'll see is the flash The last picture's my mask, the last breath is your gasp The roar of a machine, the smell of burnt flesh Hot brass ejects, slugs rip your weak vest Feel your bones shatter as my bullets ricochet This game is gun play, kill with skill I get the contract, make your will Cause I never miss, I'm the best at this! [Chorus: Ice-T] Murder for Hire! Murder for Hire! [Verse Two: Ice-T] Don't give a fuck who you are, the cash moves me M-O-B, C-I-A, F-B-I, gives me money for blood Take you out in a club, your car explodes in the Lot Bodyguard, wrong move, you shot I'm a get you when you at least expect it right in the head You can't get got, no way? I'll hit you from a block away It's my decision, I got you in my night vision Snipe, I'm the type, that'll kill you with a butter knife [Chorus: Ice-T] Murder for Hire! Murder for Hire, Baby! Murder for Hire! Murder for Hire, Baby!! Murder for Hire! Murder for Hire, Baby!! [Outro: Ice-T] Murder - Kill, Kill, Kill, Kill! --------> Tupac Shakur Murder - Kill, Kill, Kill, Kill! --------> Tupac Shakur Murder - Kill, Kill, Kill, Kill! --------> Tupac Shakur Murder - Kill, Kill, Kill, Kill! --------> Tupac Shakur Murder - Kill, Kill, Kill, Kill! --------> Tupac Shakur Murder - Kill, Kill, Kill, Kill! --------> Tupac Shakur Murder - Kill, Kill, Kill, Kill! --------> Tupac Shakur Murder for Hire, Baby! Murder for Hire! Murder for Hire, Baby! Murder for Hire! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Murder 4 Hire Song:  Down in the Bayou Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com  [Verse One: Ice-T] We don't like your kind around here We don't like those flashy cars We don't like that hippidy hop We don't listen to that roll and rock We just fish and hunt all day Sleep and drink beer, let me make this clear If you ain't from these parts don't come around here If you ain't from these parts, beware and stay clear Got my shotgun ready, Hound dog and machete Protecting my still, and I'm moonshine blind If you die your body won't be that easy to find To come down to these swamps, you must be out of your mind [Chorus: Ice-T] Where I'm from, where I live, where I'll die.. down on the Bayou Where I'm from, where I live, where I'll die.. down on the Bayou [Verse Two: Ice-T] We don't watch your TV shows We don't listen to your lying news We think fashion is stupid as shit I play my Banjo and dance the Jig Caught my first Gator when I was just a kid Bit off half my hand and my daddy ate it Don't wanna ever see the city cause I know I'll hate it Just some Crawfish and lightening and I'm feeling fine Don't come around here, boy, stay with your kind It ain't safe down here and you may not leave here alive An old pickup truck full of rust And I ain't paying none of your taxes so don't waste your time [Chorus: Ice-T] Where I'm from, where I live, where I'll die.. down on the Bayou Where I'm from, where I live, where I'll die.. down on the Bayou [Interlude: Ice-T] Yeah, I looked at the TV once, stupid!! Got a chance to look at one of them superstar magazines, they all look stupid!! I've seen a picture of the city, looked like a bunch of monkeys on top of each other [Verse Three: Ice-T] I'm eating catfish, Gator drinking, fresh moonshine Don't come around here, I'll tell you one more time Don't care about the life you choose Cause way down here in the Bayou, we got nothing to loose [Chorus: Ice-T] Where I'm from, where I live, where I'll die.. down on the Bayou Where I'm from, where I live, where I'll die.. down on the Bayou Where I'm from, where I live, where I'll die.. down on the Bayou Where I'm from, where I live, where I'll die.. down on the Bayou Where I'm from, where I live, where I'll die.. down on the Bayou Where I'm from, where I live, where I'll die.. down on the Bayou The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Murder 4 Hire Song:  Dirty Bombs Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com  [Intro: Ice-T] Terror!! [Verse One: Ice-T] It's on, no time, no hope, no chance Run with your family, they're coming to kill They hate us, they want us all dead They say: that the white man is evil It's all Allah's will, I heard it on TV! The news man he scared me He said their here with us, we're all gonna die He's spreading the terror But they're all called terrorists The news sells the fear even if it's a lie! [Chorus: Ice-T] Run for your life! Dirty bomb! No one is safe! Anthrax attack! - No one will survive! Run for your life! Dirty bomb! No one is safe! Anthrax attack! - No one will survive! Terror! Terror! Terror! Terror! [Verse Two: Ice-T] Get ready, gas masks, join up, fight back Kill them before they can get here to kill us Suicide bombers, they're coming They said it, I read it! They don't care they'll die for their God I know it's the truth The news man on TV said: they're not even Christians, they're not like us There were turbans and beards, and speak with an accent If you see them beware, they might have a bomb! [Chorus: Ice-T] Run for your life! Dirty bomb! No one is safe! Anthrax attack! - No one will survive! Run for your life! Dirty bomb! No one is safe! Anthrax attack! - No one will survive! Terror! Terror! Terror! Terror! [Hook: Ice-T] I don't wanna die, I don't wanna die! Terror! Terror! Terror! Terror! [Break: Ice-T as a TV announcer] Good evening!  Welcome to Channel Four news ~ Attention!!  Beware of all Middle Eastern people, they could possibly be terrorists! Be very afraid of them [Hook: Ice-T] I wanna live forever, I don't wanna die I wanna live forever, I don't wanna die [Outro: Ice-T] Run for your life! Dirty bomb! No one is safe! Anthrax attack! No one will survive! Run for your life! Dirty bomb! No one is safe! Anthrax attack! No one will survive! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Murder 4 Hire Song:  Lies Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Verse One: Ice-T] I don't want you anymore and you don't love me I can see in your eyes when you talk to me You don't fool me We had our time but it's over girl, now it's deceit I know your sleeping around on me, I know you creep Your knives are stuck in my back so deep The pain is killing me [Chorus: Ice-T] Lies, lies, lies, lies!! A goddamn disgrace! Lies, lies, lies!! Straight to my fucking face! [Verse Two: Ice-T] I hate you with all of my heart right now The simple sight of you makes me sick What kind of fucking fool do you take me for? I'm done with your shit I gotta follow my soul right now I gotta move to my evil side No longer can I handle your torture Tonight may be your last night [Chorus: Ice-T] Lies, lies, lies, lies!! A goddamn disgrace! Lies, lies, lies!! Straight to my fucking face! [Interlude: Ice-T] You know, the sex never bothered me The fact that you may have had uhh.. been with other men It was your ability to lie to me Look me dead in the eye and tell the lie I should, kill you for that, I've killed many men for less [Hook: Ice-T] Lies, lies, lies I don't want you anymore and.. you don't want me I can see in your eyes when you talk to me You don't fool me [Chorus: Ice-T] Lies, lies, lies, lies!! A goddamn disgrace! Lies, lies, lies!! Straight to my fucking face! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Body Count (Ice-T) Album: Murder 4 Hire Song:  Relationships Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com   [Intro: Ice-T] Yeah I know, all the fellows out there Got a girl that's real special to them Yeah I do too, but sometimes, it's not as easy as it seems You know I love you, but you're driving me crazy!!! [Verse One: Ice-T] You're hungry, you're sleepy, you're angry, you're happy You're cold, then you're hot, then you're fine, then you're not Then you're sick, you're healthy, you wanna go party You're jealous, you're drunk, you're crying, I'm lying  You're mad, now I'm tripping You're sleepy, you're angry, you're bugging I'm done, and I'm loosing my mind! Now you're sober, you're sorry, you love me, I love you I hate this, you love it, you say that it's healthy! [Chorus: Ice-T] I Love You! - You're driving, you're driving me crazy! I Love You! - You're driving, you're driving me mad! I Love You! - You're driving, you're driving me crazy! I Love You! - You're driving, you're driving me mad! [Verse Two: Ice-T] You're happy, you're sad, you ask me if I'm Okay Tired, I'm working, I'm just trying to concentrate You're cool, you're bugging; off some TV show you saw Tripping, accusing, then say that you're sorry I'm stressing, you're playing, I'm working, you rub me I'm cool, now I'm calm, now you wanna go snuggle I'm talking, you're talking, I'm yelling, you're crying I hug you, you sniffle, I'm happy The phone rings it's drama, I listen, your girlfriend's man is cheating! You're mad and you're angry, and you act like it was me! I'm drained, I'm sleepy, you crawl in the bed And you hug me, and kiss me, and tell me you need me [Chorus: Ice-T] I Love You! - You're driving, you're driving me crazy! I Love You! - You're driving, you're driving me mad! I Love You! - You're driving, you're driving me crazy! I Love You! - You're driving, you're driving me mad! [Skit #1: Ice-T Conversating with his Bitch] [Bitch] Um baby, I don't know if I like this song; I mean, do you love me, or do you hate me? [Ice-T] Come on girl, you know I love you [Bitch] Oh really? - Well what about last night?! [Ice-T] Come on, you was on that bullshit last night, bitch! [Bitch] Oh what ever, you call that love? [Chorus: Ice-T] I Love You! - You're driving, you're driving me crazy! I Love You! - You're driving, you're driving me mad! I Love You! - You're driving, you're driving me crazy! I Love You! - You're driving, you're driving me mad! I Love You! [Skit #2: Monologue performed by the same bitch] Oh you know, I love you too baby, but what is all this shit about  Going to the studio four days to make a Goddamn four minute record huh? And what's all this Goddamn spending time with your friends when they ain't doing shit! And I understand, you're the star! But what about my life? - What about my hair? What about my nails? - What about my parties? I wanna spend time with my friends, Goddamn it! [Outro: Ice-T] I Love You! - You're driving me crazy! I Love You! - You're driving me mad! I Love You! - You're driving me crazy! I Love You! - You're driving me mad! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Gangsta Rap Song: Gangsta Rap Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Opening Skit] (*someone whistles*)  What's up?!  what's happening Cous'? WESTSIIIDE!! [Ice-T] Here we go, another one Iceberg, Gangsta Rap 2006, 8th album, SMG [Verse One: Ice-T] Time to take you back to the days of old 64 Chevys, big fat gold Out to the west where the gangsters roam South Central, L.A.. my home Niggas have the feeling of that Hip-Hop beats But couldn't connect to the New York streets So we took our bandanas and we tied them up Roll up in the studio and laid it rough Ice Cube and them niggaz with the 'tudes Showed the motherfucker how to blast the dudes "BLAW!!" COME ON!! Dr. Dre, N.W.A. Eazy-E and 'Ren, Fuck what you say! Too Short kept it raw for them niggaz up North Geto Boys, we was like to fuck the law W.C. nigga, sag your panties We taught you how to gangbang and the creep dance [Chorus: Ice-T X2] This ain't no R&B this is Gangsta Rap Bitches get smacked, busters get jacked Front if you want, you'll get laid on your back It's about guns and drugs and whores and clubs [Verse Two: Ice-T] Cypress Hill made the nigga understand How I can just kill a man Long Beach out of the dark, came Snoop Skinny little nigga not scare to shoot Dogg Pound Gangsters, Kurupt and Daz Suge had the whole Death grow on blast King Tee motherfucker Warren G Nate Dogg ripping that 213 Don't front motherfucker don't hate Compton's Most Wanted, MC Eiht Throw your sets up niggaz like you don't give a damn Inglewood, Mack 10, Watts was KAM [Chorus: Ice-T X2] [Verse Three: Ice-T] So you wanna really know what's real on the Mic! My little homie 'Pac lost his life East coast, West coast, Gun-talk rules Cocaine, big wheels, whores and jewels Down South, gold teeth, niggaz is real "Dirty South" Gangsta Rap got mass appeal Little white boys in 'burbs got heat A ghetto is a ghetto and a street is a street Eliminate the poverty disease And we'll start rapping about birds and trees You can get shot, no matter how much fucking cash you got You can never get away, the streets stay hot (*Gunshot*) And gangsters ain't the ones to push They'll kill you a second ask president Bush [Chorus: Ice-T X2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Feddi De Marco Album: Gangsta Rap Song: Riding Low Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro:] [Feddi] Ohhh! Uhh.. Yeah!! [Ice-T] It's going down, baby [Feddi] It feels good, man [Ice-T] Feddi De Marco [Feddi] Uhh.. stop feeling different music, man [Ice-T] Uhh.. Iceberg, kid [Feddi] I'm Cali' tipping, man [Ice-T] Yeah! [Feddi] Uhh, just get by the mic and just start.. [Ice-T] Yo Feddi, how you're riding, baby? [Verse One: Feddi De Marco] Uhha, I'm in a Starburst 64 riding low On them gold Daytonas and I'm sliding slow You ain't nothing like me, so what you're eying me for? That bitch you're with looking, keep your eye in your whore It's all about Feddi, when the Chevy raised With a bitch on the blade, to keep me heavy paid Black seven trey, blue bandanna Dipped in search, looking for jewels like it's owned by Santayana Great pounds down the zones and a bag of grand zag Raw ounce and; I'm sure bouncing, yeah, forty ounce And liquor pour like water fountains For all the late night body counting This nigga got the urge and the tendency To do with me, seventeen upwards in a key (Damn!) With my blood, bitch I'm sleeping with the enemy (Shit!) I call that bomb pussy off the Hennessey Differ the mode, same old shit You're slipping, who hit you? - the same old bitch She caught pimping, when I'm flipping cocaine bricks More bounce to the ounce that gold frame lifts so.. [Chorus #1: Ice-T] I'm in that Bentley GT riding low Twenty four CTCs and I'm sliding slow You ain't nothing like me, so what you're eying me for? That bitch you're with looking, keep your eye in your whore [Chorus #2: Feddi De Marco] I'm in a Starburst 64 riding low On them gold Daytonas and I'm sliding slow You ain't nothing like me, so what you're eying me for? That bitch you're with looking, keep your eye in your whore [Verse Two: Feddi De Marco] Living in a Coupe De West, gotta keep a sniff in the vest Cause you can't ?? on the stretch Rotten Khaki and Denim, Fuck! them excellent mats I got bitches, the ones who blow the whistles the best (OHHH!) Yes, I keep the heels clicking, til I get a meal ticket Bitch can't get nothing from feel different, real pimping Banging Notorious, ablution nigga, who shot you? No! it's more like who  killed you nigga? [Verse Three: Ice-T] I don't know why, but I'm so damn fly Why you're staring at my whips nigga, they're easy to buy Put your bitch out on the corner, pop her ass in the air Get her head game cracking, but you're probably care (So) I'm; a BullGuard gripped the wood grain hard Baby, ride with my niggaz like we're still in the yard Gangsters, Bloods and Crips, all about my chips My Continental is so low that it scrapes in the dips (UHH!) [Chorus #1: Ice-T] [Chorus #2: Feddi De Marco] [Verse Four: Ice-T] You can't see me, can't touch me  don't bother I bust nuts back in the eighties, probably your father Everything I ride is low, dropped to the ground Ask your bitch about me, tightest nigga in town I park treys in my front yard, riding the grass Light up your whole block, drop the ass I pressure gates, fool, convertible roof Nowadays, catch me in that Bentley coupe I love looking out my tint, at you haters on the curb Punk ass, get your weight up, get some crack and serve I might swerve into another lane, fucking with my Navy Cops can't pull me over, cause I never touched the Cavi' Iceberg, I roll rims through the suburbs You hear shots, that's Feddi and Watts Straight pimping baby, play the whole bubble for real Y'all simping, while I'm twisting on my GT wheel [Chorus #1: Ice-T] [Chorus #2: Feddi De Marco] [Ice-T] Ohh! yo, Feddi my nigga, let me ride that four, man I feel like tickling them switches man [Feddi] There's no problem [Ice-T] Yeah, nigga [Feddi] It's behind that Range, nigga [Ice-T] Yeah, you know you can roll, nigga [Feddi] I know that [Ice-T] Throw me them keys, here you go [Feddi] That's right [Ice-T] Easy on the dips, my shit is low baby [Feddi] I know nigga, you don't do shit nigga, I got you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Kryst (DV Alias Khryst) Album: Gangsta Rap Song: New Life Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  * Styled after AZ the Visualizer from the album _Pieces Of A Man_ [Intro: Ice-T talking] Yeah, Iceberg, 2006 Been out the game for a minute You know, just checking it out To tell you the truth; most of you niggaz sound real soft, real happy Everyday niggaz ask me for that gangster shit  [Kryst] It's a new life for real [Ice-T] Confessions of the ghetto nigga, cursed at birth I brought the guns to the Rap game, bitches and work Hit your body with the pump shotie, watch you jerk L.A. Westside, nigga, now in New York The berg; nothing gave out the words I say I'm a grown man, ain't got no fucking time to play Step on the game once, I recruite and parlay Slide out it for a minute, step right back in it Why not?.. y'all niggaz don't rap that good The truth is.. y'all niggaz ain't all that hood You act like gangsters but ain't got the heart to be one I act so I know the fucking actor when I see one Too much security, too much crew Too much hype, nigga, not enough you Me!, they call me double O.G. [Chorus: Kryst] It's a new life for real Birds flying high, you know how I feel? Sun in the sky, you know how I feel? Reeds drifting on by, you know how I feel? It's a new dawn, it's a new day It's a new life for real [Ice-T] See me in the streets or bowling up in the club Me and Lil' Ice roll like lawn wolf and cub Don't worry about the clips, nigga, watch my fist Watch my bitch, watch my new compact disc Your album is carbage; filled with love songs for pussies and whores I keep it gully, nigga, every one knows It's all the game, til you see the flame filled the pound and Security is on their toes every club that I'm in Cause they know I don't give a Goddamn Never bust techs cause them fucking shits jam Respect! but I don't respect that much I like Mobb Deep and Nore' -- some mothers like Shyne Game from the Westcoast, them niggaz can rhyme Keep it hardcore, keep the shit gully in the street And don't let soft R&B niggaz make your beats [Chorus: Kryst] [Ice-T] Who's the fucking greatest MC and who cares? Who can fucking shit on my name and who dares? I straight reinvented this whole fucking game of rapping I'm may not be a General, I'm damn sure a Captain Pull your pants up, nigga, lean back You're strapped, but ain't got the heart to squeeze that That rap game is in the E, all laying on its fucking back  [Chorus: Kryst X2] [Ice-T] Confessions of the ghetto nigga, cursed at birth I brought the guns to the Rap game, bitches and work Hit your body with the pump shotie, watch you jerk L.A. Westside, nigga, now in New York The berg; nothing gave out the words I say I'm a grown man, ain't got no fucking time to play Step on the game once, I recruit and parley Slide out it for a minute, step right back in it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Kryst (DV Alias Khryst) Album: Gangsta Rap Song: Dear God Can You Hear Me?  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Intro: Ice-T] I'ma try this I don't even know if this nigga even listens, man Fuck it [Kryst] Dear God can you hear me? [Verse One: Ice-T] I spend my life between the light blue lines and loose-leafs Split my time between impressionable minds and true beef Spend my days up, nights up, it's too hard to sleep Look at my face, it's not the one of someone at peace I carry guns and I don't need to, but my mind's so fucked I see assassins coming out of the rough I keep my doors locked, windows shut, Js down, four pound Waiting on some satans who may think of invading When I do sleep, I dream about pain and unrest About gunfights, and dumb dumbs exploding my chest I see my boys that have died, sitting with me again When I wake, I realize that I lost most of my friends Will my past come back to get me? Will them niggaz that we shot come back to wet me? I'm paranoid, it ain't easy when your lifestyle was grimy and greasy I'm trying to make peace with the karma of drama God please believe me! [Chorus: Kryst] Every night I pray, just to see another day [Ice-T] I just wanna live one more day! God I don't know your name I don't know if you're really there or if you even care about me I never trust but you But seems I won't stay alive and I don't know why [Ice-T] I don't even know why! Please give me a sign, dear God can you hear me? [Verse Two: Ice-T] Everyday I try to think that it'd just go away But it would never, this mind fuckings with me to stay Every person that I meet, could be from some passed beef He could be reaching in his jacket for the ratchet, I'm tripping Sometimes I even thought that I'll be better of dead I went to doctors, they stuck rods on the side of my head They said you're fine, doing well, set show on TVs I said I know, but I think somebody is coming for me If they seen what I seen, and been where I been They know that I have committed; the evilest sins If they knew what I knew; and had done what I done They play the wicked knight, and they would trust no one I got the car, girl, cribs, jewels, hatched to the max But my brain is playing war games, I can't relax It ain't easy when your lifestyle was grimy and greasy Trying to make peace with the karma of drama, please believe me! [Chorus: Kryst] [Verse Three: Ice-T] So I tried to get my life right and teach the youth I did my basic gangbanging so I worked on the truth I spit game to the little niggaz, all that I can Cause they admire my style, they like the way that I am They loved the cars, the clothes, the big wide brain I tried to teach them about the pain, that the fast cash brings But no matter what I say, they see the game everyday And the richies of the ones that have the grudge to play Get Rich or Die Trying, that's what all of them say What can I do? (YEAH!!) I've lived my fucking life that way I'm not Role Model, my role is too dirty to follow Every phone calls another case of death to life I'm trying to struggle with the paradox of wrong and right And since I live by the gun, will I die by the night? It ain't easy when your lifestyle was grimy and greasy Just trying to make peace with the karma of drama, God please believe me! [Chorus: Kryst] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Corte, Smoothe Da Hustler Album: Gangsta Rap Song: Please Believe Me  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Ice-T conversating with his daughter] [Ice-T] Baby, I wanna let you know I really like how this is going down [Daugh] Yeah, I like how it's going down too, daddy! [Ice-T] Though we can make big moves, baby I know, real big moves.. [Daugh] Ummm.. just tell me what I gotta do and I'm down for whatever! [Chorus: Corte X2] Girl, if you do what I tell you to You can have this whole world if you wanted to Buddy, it ain't going to be easy Just listen to a player, and please believe me! [Verse One: Ice-T] Let's start this off with facts You got on some nice shoes but you walk in it You got on nice coat but you're outside it Now, if you're ready to accept that state you was made in upgrade Hiding up your game in form I can let you come over here with me and get real real warm They say: if you knew better, you'll choose better And you think wrong, you think wrong You can't swing a slow batter the fast pitch The problem with most of you women, y'all so used to loosing  You can't even figure out what you want Now first, we gotta let you know everything If you did - you'll be living on the side of the mountains  Somewhere in Seattle like Bill Gates And I don't know everything that's true But I definitely do know more than you One thing is you got style, cause you quote my eye Two is you got class, that's what makes you fly Three is you're intelligent cause you're listening to me talk And four is you're very very sexy, you can see that in the way you walk But all that ain't work nothing if you don't get it together and move something Now, this game is played in ones and twos, that means soloists and crews And that's exactly what I'm trying to do, is team up with you But you have to learn how to take some instructions, boo Please believe this, and listen to me [Chorus: Corte X2] [Verse Two: Smoothe Da Hustler] Alright, baby look.. I can see you harmonious cause your rent is more than my mortgage So it's obvious you ain't got enough left to pay attention But I.. I'ma renew your lease for a small fee Then we gonna psychologically house-shop So you can have some space for that brain of yours Consider me Real Estate Now, I can't front, you're fly And you're hanging around me for some reason so I must be the shelter They say: conversation is like a combination So I'ma open that safe, take a turn at it You want-a dime, yeah, you want-a dime But your nigga paint you a picture How much cents do that make? Alright then.. now, what you should do  is grow some hands on that forehead of yours  So you can hold that thought I see you used to get in your way that's why you go on the wrong direction You need a RUN D.M.C. and 'Walk This Way' Don't you need two pilots to fly the plane? But only one get to hold the steering wheel, baby So sit back, relax your ass, cause you're flying first class And this going to be a smooth ride, baby, and please believe me [Chorus: Corte X2] [Verse Three: Ice-T] Now, I'ma give you the real deal I'm going to need at least two more inches on them heels And that gut made up cool to you, but I'ma ask you for a stirrup or two And as for your hair.. I ain't even going to go there Just keep it clean and tight, and would be alright Overall.. I think you're fine And I'm sure I can buck out the dime And this is going to take a little time First, you got to forget everything you know Cause right now..  You're on a real course to becoming a real motherfucking whore Now, that's cool too.. But at least let me show you how to be a motherfucking pro Cause it ain't going to be all fun If you're fucking with me, you better duck or run This is final level of the game baby And it ain't going to be all biscuits and gravy You got to have a nerve, for the motherfucking curve Cause we can do it either way, baby The street way, or the corporate sweet way But no matter how me and you do it, girl It would definitely.. be the elite way [Interlude: Ice-T and his daughter conversation continues] [Daugh] Awww! you know, I'm down, baby [Ice-T] That's what I'm talking about [Daugh] Ha ha ha ha! [Ice-T] Yeah, I know you like it when I see you smilling.. [Daugh] Ha ha ha ha ha! [Ice-T] Yeah girl, I see you're feeling this right.. [Chorus: Corte X2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T  Album: Gangsta Rap Song: Pimp or Die Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Intro: Ice-T Talking] Yo, all these niggaz out here wanna pimp now, man They done see Bishop Magic Juan They done watch Pimps Up, Hoes Down Niggaz wanna ask me, stop me in traffic asking me questions and shit Man, that's shit! [Verse One: Ice-T] I pimp a bitch into a brick wall, test my game You niggaz wanna get gangster, gonna test my aim If your bitches outta pocket, got yourself to blame Cause I'm a motherfucking pimp, Iceberg's the name I mack a bitch into a coma with I roll up on her Get my brain up in her my brain, make her hook and love the corner Lot of y'all niggaz claim to kick it, but you're weak to me So you chillie ass pimps, don't even speak to me Known to be the coldest nigga, Cadillac track mack Smack the fucking whore unconscious if my trap ain't fat Whoring is from the hip, pimping is from the lip So nigga grab your dick and chop some fucking game of a bitch And stop stopping me in traffic, asking how I do it The pimp game is in my blood, nigga, thought you knew it You ain't cutting like this nigga, let me tell you why! I asked God to let me pimp or let me die! [Chorus: Ice-T X2] Pimp or die I knocked fifty whores last week, twenty fell off I pimped hard on the last thirty, twenty went soft I left ten down the reign, but only one was true And I still got more bitches than you, Pimp or die! [Verse Two: Ice-T] This ain't no game for lames nigga Grab your bitch, take her off and marry her Kid, this game'll bury ya Call the bitch, hit the track, some pimp took her You can't control a girl friend, more less a hooker Stop reading Pimp books, square up, get a job Sell dope, steal cars, get a gun, rob You're just a fan of pimping, and it ain't all good You're playing a minute you're goffen, I'm.. Tiger woods; Ain't no fair lane, you want a fair game, play cards baby Pimping ain't easy, but whoring ain't hard Dear God I break a trick, quick for those that know The only bitches that I fuck with, are those that whores [Chorus: Ice-T] [Verse Three: Ice-T] I got the brand new Ros', then throw you the keys I ride Satechi-Ro at thirty two degrees Nigga, you duck and run, faggot, I cock and squeeze And about the dough I blow, it's like it grow on trees You're talking lay away, I'm talking Corté You make a bitch your wife, I charge a bitch the day And every whore I know, do what the fuck I say Cause I'm a fucking pimp, nigga, you're fucking play First of, there ain't no crash course in this game In case you didn't hear me first time, Berg's the name Before you start, you gotta have a cold heart and colder dick All you wanna do is fuck, you was a straight trick Stand on a bitch, break your hand on a bitch Grind for your grip, except no shit Get your gear tight player, learn to act polite Get in the whore's head, fuck the bitch, you're after the bread Soothe it out pimp, mack with finesse and shawn And pretty soon you'll have hookers hanging over your arms But the game is played in dark streets, gators and concrete Your tracks lock is amaze, pimps sleave daze Whores run away, set you up to die But you wanted to live the life cause you did it this fly The pimp game is the moving target and you ain't that steady Stay the fuck off the track, pussy you ain't ready [Chorus: Ice-T until fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Coco (AKA Nicole Austin Marrow) Album: Gangsta Rap Song: Pray Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Ice-T] Damn! yeah, you know Niggas really don't want drama, just trying to live Go out, just hanging out having a little fun Shit always gets wild, always! [Chorus: Coco overlapping the Intro] Pray to your mother, pray to your father Pray to your sister, pray to your brother [Verse One: Ice-T] It's Saturday night, I'm rolling with my bitch and my niggaz Well known, ghetto grown, rock locking street figures They start thrilling, I'm rolling in the front with my bitch for life You can call her my wife There's four in the back, in the blacked out lacs They're high of the 'gnac and they're dusted too Streets call them killers, but I call them my crew Some niggaz wear red, my niggaz wear blue Stepped through the door, niggaz can't help or feel us Fagots tuck their jewels, bitches trying to see us Let's to the back, put us up in the booth Got a bucket of Chron, egg and mice to the shoot Coco started dancing, everything was fine Til some nigga said that table was supposed to be mine (WHAT!) I was feeling good, ain't paying him no mind Til a nigga got wild, threw a Boglar wine [Skit #1:] [Ice-T] Yo, what the fuck is that about? [Nigga] Nigga, what you need now in this motherfucker? [Ice-T] What's happening nigga? you're tearing the stuff up? [Nigga] Yo, what you wanna do then nigga? [Ice-T] What's up nigga? [Nigga] Nigga, Fuck You! [Chorus: Coco] [Verse Two: Ice-T] No time to pray; this shit just missed me and my niggaz kicked in Blaze sprung a razor and he opened his skin These niggaz wasn't having it, gangsters too Motherfuckers started shooting, lighting up the booth Mark Live wore vest and it went right through They're fucking body Big Rich, what the fuck I'ma do? Flipped the table up, me and Coc' hit the back door These niggaz wasn't done, these niggaz want more Fell off in the cut like a video game Pull my strap, took my aim, made the door my frame Everybody that stepped out, that body got blame I knew I was bleeding, I can feel the pain Broke out, had to get back behind the wheel Run into the Parking Lot, Coc' broke her heel I started getting dizzy as I clinched my gat I made it to my whip, I was shot in the back [Skit #2: Ice-T] Oh! Fuck, I'm shot, you gotta drive them home UHH! let me pack this up, motherfucker!! Come on! drive drive, get at the Parking Lot, man Come On! [Chorus: Coco] [Verse Three: Ice-T] No time to pray; jumped in the car, laid across the back seat Coc' grabbed the wheel, I was really started to leak Half way out, as the lights got block us back on Some niggaz in blue Seville with the grill Popped the stash rock on for Dolo Ex-extra big, bloody holes are fully auto Blast through my own glass, should've heard the sound It was on bitch, no time to roll shit down Hit the corner, see my niggaz Smitty and Nick They was rolling towards the club when they heard about this shit Didn't have to tell them, they just blocked up the street Cops on the way, still ain't throwing my heat Don't even know why the fuck I'm out here dealing with beasts Just went out for drinks and it comes on my peats My two boys are dead, I've seen them falling on my feet And I'm shot the fuck up, bleeding all in my seats Pray! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Mark Live (Raw Breed) Album: Gangsta Rap Song: Step Your Game Up Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Ice-T] Yeah, this is Iceberg Time for me to reinforce some of this pimping, baby [Chorus: Ice-T X2] Players, hustlers, girls; step your game up! Maximize your hustle; step your game up! No time for fooling around; step your game up! Get your money, get your paper; step your game up! [Ice-T] Yeah, niggaz out there shitting on the game Mark Live is a motherfucking shame, representing You're still star grims; step your chrome game up! Motorola pager; step this phone game up! Still living with your mother; step your home game up! Girl, you ain't going down; step your dome game up! Spin has being played out; step your wheel game up! Two inch pumps; bitch, step your heel game up! (Bitch!) Still wearing white gold; step your jewel game up! You ain't fully automatic; step your tool game up! Ice, Ice, berg nigga word! Anybody stepping to my rep, it's absurd You wanna roll with me bitch, have a nerve to the curb No I'm not your man, just the best that ever Mastered the game, baby, Berg's the name From my niggaz, get your paper, gangsters hating the fame And keep your hustle cracking, living off the lames Nigga, if you ain't moving fast, get the fuck out the lane [Chorus: Ice-T with minor variations] And all the players, hustlers, girls; step your game up! Maximize your hustle; step your game up! No time for fooling around; step your game up! Get your money, get your paper; step your game up! Players, hustlers, girls; step your game up! Maximize your hustle; step your game up! No time for fooling around; step your game up! Get your money, get your paper; step your game up! [Ice-T] Yeah, you niggaz got these bitches walk around here in these flat shoes Bitch you gotta come out that low years to get in some whore years This is pop your dollar, hot dollar pimping Bitch pimp game, watch [Ice-T] Still drinking Moët; step your Cris game up! Car getting kind of old; step your whip game up! No links in your cuffs; step your sleeve game up! Tracks getting kind of loose; bitch, step your weave game up! Can't get a hit record; step your rap game up! Can't holler at no shorty; step your Mack game up! Your grill looking kind of bad; step your tooth game up! Still standing in lines; step your juice game up! (Fuck! lying) [Mark Live] You never been on a red carpet, fatigued up HUH! GTs ever since with keys Worked a hundred mill' black cars, drunk in Brasil' Missing for days, re-appear back on the Spain Levity, over niggaz, magician like David Blaine Full link minks, chicks buying my links (HUH!) Diamond types, shop gator at Diamond Life Forget your world nigga, step your shit up [Chorus: Ice-T X2] [Ice-T] Oh! shit, I done step into another weak pit You're still dressing like a bum; step your suit game up! Your toes freezing in the winner; step your boot game up! Your bank role looking little; step your green game up! No Plasma TV; step your screen game up! Still flying coach; step your class game up! Girl, you're looking kind of skinny; step your ass game up! Your wheel chairs ain't heated; step your seat game up! Niggaz said they gonna kill me; better step your street game up! [Mark Live] Yo, we're hell of pork eating, gone streamed out (Yeah!) You're Metro, car, bus path, shut your fucking mouth [Ice-T] Step in my car, and go by the detour on This is a man's game, fool, not a boy's one [Mark Live] Yo, no one can get at us, we're straddlers fear Over the top executive, out of here, shit on you, bloods [Ice-T] Step up your game player, lift up your lips player Get up your clips player, your life is a lie [Mark Live] Yo, we mess with all money, you got some clothes money We're hiding raw money, overseas old money [Ice-T] You won't win, you're lost before you begin Your hustle ain't deep, your bitch is steady on a dream [Mark Live] Yo, don't speak, just learn, look, listen When we come through, take cover, game is over [Ice-T] Stop asking me questions, your idea is whack Your brain storms a bum as lame, step up your game [Chorus: Ice-T] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Kryst (DV Alias Khryst) Album: Gangsta Rap Song: Real Talk Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Verse One: Ice-T] Yo, whose that fly nigga rocking the mic? Hold up, no, it can't be what it sound like I've thought that nigga left the game years ago I've seen him in People Madness with bad white whore I've seen him flossing rips on a covered Dub I've seen him with some Arabs in the back of the club I heard that every word that he says is real He used to take young bitches and then teach them to steal Heard him pimp as a Bishop, played the whole bubble For the word Ya-yo, maybe come back double I met him once, nigga, shot me the real He said get your paper player, fuck how they feel Lean to the ankles baby, gator to the floor Respect real niggaz, never trust the whore When you bust, squeeze the trigger 'til it motherfucker glow Then he said his name is Ice and he hit the door That's real talk! [Chorus: Kryst X2] Real talk, real talk, real talk, real talk It's real talk, Reeeeeaaaaal talk (It's real talk!) [Verse Two: Ice-T] I heard he went to Crenshaw, roll with the cribs I heard he made millions hitting cutey licks Then I heard that the nigga had roots in the East I heard the nigga's whole motherfucking fam's deceased He started all that shit out 'Fuck the Police' He really don't care, carrys gats and pares I know he's in his forties, I was just a child When a nigga came out and sent the game buckwild Real niggaz know that he's not no joke Black Raiders Beanie and them liquor store locs Not to even mention his folks Cali' niggaz hitting switches on them Hundred Spokes I read in an interview, he said he was done Then he comes with this fly shit back on the one But I heard he's never happy and the nigga's so upset That he jacks off my money then he fucks his bitch That's real talk! [Chorus: Kryst X2] [Interlude: Kryst] Ummmm.. got no habitation to a whore Cause in the streets, I gotta get it Ice cold Now that's real talk, real talk, real talk, real talk Ummmm.. uhhhmm.. Yeaahhh!! Yeaahhh!! [Verse Three: Ice-T] A blandness name is Coco when she carrys the gat Green eyes, big titties and that ass is fat Clean to the nigga, not impressed with rap To the side, if you try then she covers his back Seen them once in the champ, no posse, no crew Coco wears a mean shoe, it was just them two They shared in the back, everyone knew was true They was doing it the way that we're all wanted to do I heard that nigga don't sleep for days Writes poetry all night and reach experience plays No clothes off the rack, everything is made Don't drink hard liquor, just the great Kool-Aid Straight Gangster but got no beef Nobody talking down on his name in the street Has chips air tight, and his game is elite He's just the type of player that I aimed to be That's real talk! [Chorus: Kryst X2] [Outro: Kryst] Real Talk, got my name in the streets Talking about me, saying how much they love me But no one ever hold me through this game Cause every where I go, I keep hearing my name Yeaahhh!! Yeaahhh! gotta keep it gangster Ohhh.. yeah, I keep it gangster Ummmm.. got no habitation to a whore Cause in the streets, I gotta get it Ice cold Now that's real talk, real talk, real talk, real talk Ummmm.. uhhhmm.. Yeaahhh!! Yeaahhh!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Coco Album: Gangsta Rap Song: Walking in the Rain Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Intro: Ice-T Talking] That's what I'm talking about Iceberg, 2006, remember this? [Chorus: Coco] Go Ice man! Walking in the rain with the people I love, feels so fine "UHHA!!" Walking in the rain with the one I love, on my mind "YEAH!!" Walking in the rain with the people I love, feels so fine "UHHA!!" Walking in the rain with the one I love, on my mind [Verse One: Ice-T] Damn, this record takes me way back, to day that I said the words I love you, I'm not the kind to say that I spent my lights in the streets with beef crooks Shook cats get lifted off their feet with heat Nobody loves, you can feel the cold in their hugs At each man checks his weapon and protects his life The last thing on my mind was ever having a wife NO! I'm not the type to do that, I can't commit to that But then you stepped to me "Damn" blew my whole spot up Dropped me to my knees, and I still don't think I got up Uhh.. you made me re-evaluate my G Now, I'm gangster for you, baby, you gangster for me And we're walking [Chorus: Coco w/ Ice-T ad-libbing] Go Ice man! "UHH!!" Walking in the rain with the people I love, feels so fine "YOU KNOW!!" Walking in the rain with the one I love, on my mind "UHHA!!" Walking in the rain with the people I love, feels so fine "COME ON, GIRL!!" Walking in the rain with the one I love, on my mind [Verse Two: Ice-T] The truth is, it ain't easy for a brother from the streets To ever show affection or an aim at direction When we roll, you're by my side, I feel pride And my partners got no problems cause they know that you're true And if anything just jumps off I taught just what to do Get low, get the bail money, call up the crew You take a bullet for me, I'll take a bullet for you We'll do old, strolling girl You know how we do, we're just walking [Chorus: Coco] Go Ice man! "UHH!!" Walking in the rain with the people I love, feels so fine "UHHA!!" Walking in the rain with the one I love, on my mind "YEAH, GIRL!!" Walking in the rain with the people I love, feels so fine "UHH!!" Walking in the rain with the one I love, on my mind [Break: Ice-T Talking] Break it down!!  Yeah, you know, it comes at time in every man's life Player hustler or whatever That he realizes.. that he needs that companionship of the woman Strong woman to hold him down, through them cold nights Through them hardships and pains and struggles in the streets STRESS!!  Go Ice man -----------> Coco [Verse Three: Ice-T] Realized I've grown in life I had to get shot  Before I understood; that you come in this world and die alone Don't wanna spend my life chasing flash and cash I'd rather whip through the hood with your feet on my dash The homies understand and they're looking for girl to their own So they can't get out these streets and stay home It's cold when you got no one, but I've found mine As long as we're together, girl, I know we'll be fine Cause we're walking [Chorus: Coco X2] [Ice-T overlapping the above chorus] UHH!! COME ON!! Yeah girl, UHH!! We're just.. holding hands.. holding our pistols Rubbing your booty, yeah baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Deuce Fever, Mark Live, Smoothe Da Hustler, Trigger Tha Gambler Album: Gangsta Rap Song: The Game's Real Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Verse One: Ice-T] Enough time has passed, false prophets steering you wrong You won't appreciate my wisdom, 'til I'm dead and I'm gone Underground dead from combat Laid down on the floor.. in some club Girls scream at the ocean of blood No use to call the paramedics, to hit me with the fifth energetic Close range, cut in the base of my brain Blew my face on through some bitch's head, before I hit the ground Some nigga touched me in the chest, and blew it out with the pound My niggaz didn't have chance to move, they used silenced weaponry Couldn't hear the sound, as the club bass bound All you heard was.. Yo, Ice is on the ground The assassins, when they heard this up, stepped back and mixed in with the crowd Gloom broke into hysteria, spot went wild A lot of bitches yelling and crying, while fake niggaz smile I heard voices of my loved ones said I leave the party God kisses my face as I leave my body [Interlude: Deuce Fever] Yo, I wanna see what the fuck's happening! Yo, yo, back off my man, man! (*Sample of L.A.P.D. sirens*) Awww shit! y'all [Chorus: Ice-T X2] The game is real, anyone can get touched up Get moved on, left in a plunger blood No matter how gangster you are, how deep your crew Niggaz can get you if they want to [Verse Two: Mark Live] Yo.. yo.. yo.. attack mode Look, listen, it's the general.. code Gully and gutter, I roll with some box cutters I'm bringing.. fucking Jersey City niggaz  We got.. tons of triggers, for tons of niggaz We walk and talk a lot, we run some niggaz No glitter and glades, it's guns and niggaz Nightclubs or your social clubs Backstage with your membrane, on the side of your freeway It's ugly, the bomb squashed blonde bitch for our shit It's M-16s switch off clips Bullets ripped fleshy death right through your kids Except your bids, except all that shit you did Uhh.. you can't hide in the town houses When two niggaz are nine-ing like two ounces Scarface Colombia, Walker Tah's style surrounding, your white bitches out  [Chorus: Ice-T X2] [Verse Three: Ice-T] Now, if you faggots got some questions about how real this is A straight Strong-Arm, half of you niggaz in the biz' Your bodyguard, bitch made, motherfucking fake ass whores Can't even roll for dolo, walk through your own hood solo Niggaz push up and change-snatch your logo The truth is.. no homeboys are brought through Your own crew is destorying you So now you're carrying guns, you know, you won't shoot You copped a new whip, had to get a bulletproof You wanted to be Rap-Star, now, you're too shook to move  Cause the streets say the words, you kid gotta prove Living a lie, you might die, in this game of hot caption whores Check your rearview you're being followed [Chorus: Ice-T X2] [Verse Four: Trigger Tha Gambler] Eat the dick, if it be.. we gonna shoot from a block away We keep with heat, and turn your face into a plot to play Yeah, we spray out your feet and watch you burn in a flock away Nerd, niggaz stop and pray Heard, they can't drop the lay We come out, run out, one route to Dun-house We're about to blow his wig off "yeah yeah" Nigga we jump out, pump out, dump out  Infront of the Dun house with the sun-hounds Shit to peel off and I'm.. running the trot like crooked cops Taking capes, pushing weight, while I shipped this back  From California to the.. Hill Tah, Comille fitting dots Activille for them bills and he'll get drop [verse Five: Smoothe Da Hustler] Look I.. show guys and buyers we're not kidding I know the size, brothers stick-bys, when we start spitting They go beside rocks and dodge with guns ticking But it's devilish regardless the art is squash business [Chorus: Ice-T X2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Kryst (D.V. Alias Khryst) Album: Gangsta Rap Song: It's All Love  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  * Kryst scats in the background; repeats (It's all love) after Ice-T [Intro/Chorus: Ice-T] It's all love when you're doing it big Cop your homies new whips when they're back from their biz ("It's all love!") It's all love when you way cashed out Every bitch wants to be your new shit, no doubt ("It's all love!") It's all love at the booth in the club Everybody is drinking champagne, giving out hugs ("It's all love!") It's all love, until you can't give no more The same niggaz that you fed, wanna see you dead ("It's all love!") [Verse One: Ice-T] You got money, got power, got friends Really got to love it cause the party don't end Got the streets locked, game tight, keeping it fly Got that cocaine cash flow, stacking it high Got every kind of whip the green money can buy Got the crib by the lakes, steady flipping the cakes Got the crew that'll roll, ain't scared of the jakes Twenty five Fed indictments, them niggaz turn snakes Threw you in the blouse of the devil with no shovel Five million Dollar bail, your house is for sale Can't even get a word out, from none of your whores They straight blocking your call, after you bought them all clothes Choose cards on the streets, they set the jury a done deal The judge gave you life and got a set for appeal They left you in the coldest place that a nigga can feel Asking yourself how you got there, you was keeping it real [Chorus: Ice-T] [Verse Two: Ice-T] You got a big hit records, your posse is deep More niggaz than you know, but they're at your show On stage with you, backing you up, holding you down Everybody is happy, giving mad pounds Back stage, after the show, it's going down Off to the after party, other side of the town It's the life start balling, baby everyday Next jam that you drop, don't get no play Just as quick as it can, the whole thing just went The whole crew disappeared, no one at your events All the juices you had, died with your rhymes Every girl in your jock, impossible to sign So you swollawed your pride, you go out one night To see the hype new niggaz, that they rock the mics When you look on the stage, you noticed their whole crew Are the same motherfuckers that was there with you [Chorus: Ice-T] [Verse Three: Ice-T] It's all love when you're buying new drinks It's all love when your crew is on blink It's all love when you're popping the crist, got ice in your wrist It's all love when your name is in the list It's all love when your fame's doing well It's all love when you're hotter than hell It's all love when you're sitting on chrome, when you're coping new home It's all love when you're sitting on top It's all love when until you happen to drop There is no love when you're doing your bid There is no love when you're loosing your crib There is no love when you ain't got no ride, when you're dying inside There is no love when you're trying to hide There is no love on run from the cops There is no love bopping ready to drop And no love when your girl goes left There is no love when the feds get tough There is no love when the only person with you, is your goddamn self [Chorus: Ice-T] [Outro: Ice-T] I know niggaz can feel this If you ever had something, and lost it For some friends and some funny motherfuckers man It's real, check around for your friends when you're broke (* Kryst scats in the background until faded) Yeah.. yeah.. Ummm.. It's all love.. He can't.. He can't do it like we do but.. It's all love.. Ummmm.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T  Album: Gangsta Rap Song: Code of the Streets Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Intro: Ice-T Talking] Yeah, IceBerg nigga, 2006, SMG bitch Niggaz out here got nerve to tell me keep it real Faggot ass motherfuckers have no motherfucking.. reference point to real Thorough niggaz know, there's rules to this shit [Chorus: Ice-T] Original gangster, I respect the laws Of the crimes lords and the gangster wars My only religion, is the code of the streets We never use cops, we just handle our bleat The penalty precision is an infant death Never disrespect or betray your set Love and loyalty is the ultimate goal To the Code of the Streets, I hear my pledge in my soul [Verse One: Ice-T] When I was nineteen, I learned the game unpolitely Niggaz threw me on the back of the 'llac, told me to shut up Put me in the crack spot, made me chop rocks Put me on the streets, taught me how to lock blocks Told me never snitch, never trust man or bitch Rock revolvers, never trust gats with clips Speak in low tones, even when you think you're alone Cause phones will get you sent upstate, cause feds rotate And all that close talking, talk about birds and cake They talk it better than you, so advice your crew And any body new, watch him with profiles Cause the D-E-A is crafty and those sending spies [Chorus: Ice-T] [Verse Two: Ice-T] Feds get gangster, hard niggaz tell Bitches get jealous and they send you to hell Your best friend is a rat, I can tell by the smell You'll get cracked for the gat, they can tell by the shell Truth is, most of these bitches, is harder than men Fact is, most of these gangsters, turn gay in the pen And if I let you rob me once, you'll probably rob me again That's why some niggaz lives must end They tell, you keep your friends closer, I keep them closer than most My enemies can do whatever, I'ma pose with a toss Live your life low and simply you should be like a ghost When you get a legal paper, it ain't too smart to boast, nigga [Chorus: Ice-T] [Verse Three: Ice-T] Yeah, niggaz out there talking about how real it is Niggaz got this shit twisted Niggaz is snitching like motherfucking bitches Niggaz got this shit all fucked up Nowadays, you niggaz analyzing the shot not the shooter Got a gold simi, choose the glock not the rooga Don't leave your conversations on your Goddamn computor Listen to me close, it might extend your life Don't trust all your homies, some of them'll bend your wife Cause there's two games, one that respects the laws And one that's straight scandalous and listed across If you're fucking with the second one, you'll end for a loss They play another game, blast, kill, collect the cash No running when they're gunning and they don't wear masks The middle niggaz mobbing, just trying to eat They don't give a fuck about the code of the streets (COME ON!!) [Chorus: Ice-T until fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Kryst (DV Alias Khryst), Smoothe Da Hustler (SMG) Album: Gangsta Rap Song: Everything is Going to be Alright Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Ice-T] [Kryst] Ummmmm..! [Ice-T] The street is cold, Yah! [Kryst] Awwww! [Ice-T] Yeah, you know, kick some about these streets [Kryst] Talk about it! talk about it! [Ice-T] You know, Smoothe Da Hustler, Ice-T baby [Kryst] Ummmmm.. [Smoot] You heard about him [Chorus: Kryst] Everything is going to be alright, everything is going to be alright! Hay, everything is going to be okay, okay! Just keep it fly, keep your head to the sky Keep your head to the sky! It's going to be alright! Ummmm... Hay, everything is going to be okay, everything is going to be okay! Just keep it fly, keep your head to the sky ummmm.. [Verse One: Smoothe Da Hustler] When you come, keep coming up this hard Don't stop 'til you come up large, you hear me? Wanna grind, get money, some'll blow your arts First break, even deny your mark Get set, get a plan, put the plan in action I fell off route, goddamn, got jammed in traffic I reversed the pump van ran it backwards If shit ain't moving, gats spit, we're all was broke once Some got it, some still getting it Some lost it all, can't brought it painless Hustlers, scramblers, burglars, gamblers, big pocket peddlers Y'all remember this, when you do pill by them Slow coasting, window cracked Endo sack blowing, Benzo waxed Make blowing, that's to get so black Watch them pick grips up from their 'llacs [Chorus: Kryst] [Verse Two: Ice-T] Keep it fly player, don't give up When you hit the bottom, baby, that's time to get tough I ain't no Hilton, kids left in the back of car Eighty one Sedan, had to hit the streets and play Maximize my hustle to the fullest, refuse to loose Recognize that I must pay dues Drama comes to everybody, it makes the weak get there And makes the real get cold, and keep done then I have my days of being broke; no mom, no dad No sisters, no brothers, no lip, no pad Like any other poor ghetto youth I stepped my game up gangster, what's your excuse? Nigga, I'ma tell you what to do; tighten up your crew Loose them, weak bitches before they crush you too Aim at the top and prepare for worst Stuck up at the game like you're dying on earth [Chorus: Kryst] [Hook: Kryst] When folks give up fellow, and your back is against the wall Got to push them cause you feel, brothers so easy to fall up But you gotta make moves, don't let nobody to tell you it ain't gonna happen Cause everything is going to be alright Everything is going to be alright! When time has get rough and you ain't got money for rent Everything is going to be okay! When everything that you bought got lost cause the high you spent Everything is going to be alright! When you're struggling and hustling and it's just not working out Everything is going to be okay! [Chorus: Kryst] [Interlude] [Ice-T:] Yeah, this is Big Iceberg [Smooth] Yeah, this is Smoothe Da Hustler, you know [Ice-T:] I'ma tell y'all like they told me [Smooth] But this ain't family [Ice-T:] It ain't about to come up, it's about to come back [Smooth] Yeah, for real [Ice-T:] So whatever you feel like, you're at your bottom That's the time to pop your collars to crush them haters off Yeah, and come back player [Smooth] Let's show them how we do it [Ice-T:] That's how real hustlers do [Smooth] That's what I'm talking about, you know [Ice-T:] Yeah [Smooth] S-M-G for life, dog [Ice-T:] It gets cold man to gain, but that's what you're in it for baby [Smooth] In it to win it [Ice-T:] Pass it down [Smooth] No doubt! [Ice-T:] Rolling across the rise of the lights [Smooth] Got to stay ahead off it [Ice-T:] Yeah, you know what we're talking about [Smooth] By any means necessary [Ice-T:] Yeah [Smooth] Even if the necessary means needs.. [Ice-T:] You can do it man, please believe it, please believe it [Outro: Smoothe Da Hustler] Yeah, don't let nobody tell you man, you can't do what you do Shake that nigga man, you gotta keep shaking the hating of us What I tell them - Iceberg, Hustler The young hustler, young players, keep your head up man! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T  Album: Gangsta Rap Song: My Baby Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  * some girl repeats "OOHH Baby, My Baby" in the background [Intro: Ice-T] Iceberg, Gangsta Rap album, 2006, bitch!!  SMG in full effect, keeping it real gutter for you niggaz But all the gangsters out there ain't got a girl This really especial to them, that's right! I think it's to keep it real And sing something to the ladies, sing something to my girl [Verse One: Ice-T] I love the way you move your tongue Your sexy moves got me sprung The way you lay me back in the bed She loves it when she is giving me head You make my body hot and cold Your fat ass corrupts my soul You get my dick hard as a rock She gets on top and just don't stop Five stilettos on your feet  Your pussy lips taste so sweet So sexy walking down the street Ain't got no problem carry a heat You're just so goddamn fly You're so bad that niggaz don't try  I love the way you moan and cry She is down with me, ride or die [Chorus: Ice-T X2] If you got a bad bitch and you know it Keep it real my niggaz, anytime the week ends to show it Throw your hands up, if you feel the girl that you with Fuck your homies, she is the one sucking your dick [Verse Two: Ice-T] I Love the way you lick your lips The sexy way you move your hips The vision of your big round tits She scents the average nigga in fist You make me want it all night long You make me wanna sing this song You make feel so hard and strong She loves it when I rip her pro-tong I love the way you stroke my dick I love it when you start to lick Your booty is so round and thick She makes cum so damn quick How she getting into those Jeans That finest shape I have ever seen I'm starring at you like a fiend She makes me wanna yell and scream [Chorus: Ice-T X2] [Verse Three: Ice-T] You're skin is so soft and smooth I love it when you fill in your groove They sexy way your body moves She ain't got nothing to prove You know how to bring the heat No other chick can compete A brother don't need to cheat She sicks me dry and leaves me weak [Chorus: Ice-T X4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T  Album: Gangsta Rap Song: Twice the Game Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Intro: Ice-T Talking] Yeah DJ Ace, Iceberg nigga, Gangsters' shit Niggaz out there running their motherfucking mouth Acting like bangers, acting without SAG cards  Like somebody supposed to be afraid [Chorus: Ice-T] You faggots don't scare me, I'm twices cold Niggaz can't tell me shit, I'm twices old Fuck how much you sold, I got twice the cash Fuck how old you are, I blast twices fast No matter how fly you get, I get twices smooth No matter how slick you are, I got twice the moove Fuck how big you get, I got twice the fame One word burnt, that means twice the game [Verse One: Ice-T] Twice the heart nigga, look in my eyes L.A. gangbanger to these streets I'm wise Not to knob us when it come to the guns I've never flashed just reach and blast Chrome hydraulics and the black ski-masks Your next decision might be your last Real niggaz, fade the fuck up with the fakes Think about the next move you make, nigga [Chorus: Ice-T] [Verse Two: Ice-T] Fame, motherfuckers wanted so bad Give away every fucking piece of soul they had Lie to themselves then they lie on the pad It's a motherfucking Hip-Hop fad Get gangsta, get gull, get raw Talking about shit you ain't never fucking saw When the streets talk, they say they need to holler at you You got to jail, you got problems there too That's the drama that comes with the fakeness Bodyguard niggaz straight making me laugh Fourty niggaz in your entourage, twelve of them fags The real nigga in your crew's straight extorting your cash Who I ma talking to? ~ half of you rap boys Rolling with the cops, talking all about you're hardcore No names needed, everybody knows The real niggaz in the game, and the straight whores [Chorus: Ice-T] [Verse Three: Ice-T] The streets got a problem with you They say the shit you say on your records ain't true They say you're talking about people that you never knew It's a gammick niggaz see right through They want a little cash back for the lives you stole They say they'll take you back and your blood and your gold More bodyguards, more stipulates; In the doors of your cars and your SUVs You know, you got real problems cause you're fucking with Gs You got the fake gangster rapper disease Keep lying, nigga, digging your grave Claiming how you bust guns when you know you Bitch-made Your whole posse knows, nigga, when will you learn They're looking at your bankrole laying to turn You wanna be a gangster but forgot one thing Gangsters get murdered or they're dying to bang [Chorus: Ice-T] [Ice-T] Nigga, SMG, go to your stylist  Get some gangster war-draw put together Put on your make-up, come out and do your video Rented cars, rented whores, rented houses Fake guns, fake lifestyles, MTV cribs, enemy in your house nigga Got to practise what you preach nigga Talk the talk you got to walk the walk Street niggaz wanna talk to you, kid, and talk to you face to face Your bodyguards homosexual anyway, fat-ass nigga Iceberg, the truth kid! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T & Black Silver f/ Too Short (The Dangerous Crew) Album: Urban Legends Song: Out There Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro:] [Black] Light a match up! [Short] Bionic, BITCH!! [Black] She called me out there [Short] The bitch called me out there, man [Black] Called me out there [Short] She tried to get a pimp slipping [Black] She called me out there [Short] It ain't nothing but pimping, BITCH!! [Black] Called me out there [Short] Yeah, that's right player [Verse One: Black Silver] Cool and calm the way a player do Approach baby doll like; whose you? What your name is, shorty? - I'm a Navigator I can ease off the rude to spend some time with later And my production is always be paid Some fine dinning, and maybe a little shopping Let the night do what it do, just me and you Hit the Jacuzzi and pop a bottle or two Girl, don't feel shy, you got some model in you I can have a good time, just following you She replied; She was feeling me and my plans She even let me know that she was one of my fans That's when I know, there's I've seen her before In one of our shows, standing in the front row Right before the guards, said she gotta go Her and a crew of groupies be getting through the back door [Chorus: Too Short] She called me out there The bitch called me out there, man Called me out there She tried to get a pimp slipping She called me out there It ain't nothing but pimping, BITCH!! Called me out there Short Dawg in the motherfucking house [Verse Two: Too Short] Way back when I made Freaky Tales In 1988 - I was freaking girls And I fucked a lot of groupies in eighty nine When I started getting famous, if I think she's fine I'ma hit it, I'm back on the row tomorrow Another show, pussy is short to follow But don't bother, cause I don't fuck groupies these days See me with a bitch, best believe she is paid And ?? is what, it's not Gold D Ain't talking about money, don't talk to me (BITCH!!) And paid dues to thieves, and used to lead I blew the trees, while she bruised the knees Let me tell you what happened a few nights go Met a bad little bitch, tried the life of a whore I always had to have two wives or more But I ain't never seen nothing that fine before [Chorus: Too Short with minor variation] She called me out there The bitch called me out there, man Called me out there She tried to get a pimp slipping She called me out there It ain't nothing but pimping, BITCH!! Called me out there [Verse Three: Ice-T] Yes, sometime a pimp can catch your whore out there, man I caught this bitch out at the park this yesterday Staring hard at my rims in the Candy Bay I said: Shut the fuck up! bitch, respect the game IceBerg Bitch (BITCH!!) respect the name I said: The only one position you got is your back The only chance you got in your life is the track I'ma tell you something; that's a goddamn fact I'm a motherfucking Pimp and your man is a Simp The bitch looked at me like a slave set free I said: Hold up! whore, I need my shoes in feet I need my track bitch, fat bitch, that's no joke I don't give a fuck, you gotta fuck the poke The bitch left that day, came bagged at night Hundred grand cash, key and snow-white Looked at a nigga like it was big dough I said: Back to the track, this is Pimping whore [Chorus: with major variation] [Ice-T] I called her out there [Short] I'm hard on the whore, it ain't nothing but Pimping, BITCH!! [Ice-T] I called her out there [Short] Yeah, they know what it is, it ain't nothing but pimping, BITCH!! [Ice-T] I called her out there [Short] You better get with it BITCH, it ain't nothing but pimping, BITCH!! [Ice-T] I called her out there [Short] She already knows, it ain't nothing but pimping, BITCH!! [Outro: Too Short] Yeah, that's right player And you what? - You know what I say? Share that bitch nothing, man And bitch is gonna find out through this pimping, man Call me out there, BITCH!! Better catch this Pimping in your ass, BITCH!! Yeah, what's my favorite word? That's your new name! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T & Black Silver f/ RBX Album:  Urban Legends Song:   Street Sweeper  Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com  [Intro: RBX] Real, Black Ice! Real Street Sweeper Come On!! Come On!!  Ha ha ha [Chorus: Black Silver]  Me and my Street Sweeper, UHH! make a sucker believer YEAH! Me and my Street Sweeper, UHH! make a sucker believer YEAH! You see I hold it in my left hand, load that motherfucker when I ride Jack it off one time for the money, once more when I got him inside Yeah! Yeah! Come On!! Come On!! [Verse One: Black Silver] Fuck all that bragging with that half rap (YEAH!)  Exactly what I'm laughing at (UHHA!) Black Silver ain't having that, Mac-10 they had attack Maximize, out claps guys, crews got outsized Flatline, cold as Ice cause you got baptized Overdosing on that Okie Doke So we hustle a bit on that damn smoke Zooming in like the telescope, game sealed like an envelope Make a nigga walk that high rope, have it quick and I read his phonescope Give me that cash, you don't believe him, I know he seen this shit  It's Mr. Push-on, count stacks, mack some ass, get relax  With my chopper always, we're short stoppers here today Crime Pays been that way, Rhyme pays in a different way 'More Money' that's my word, Bishop, Big Mo' and IceBerg [Chorus: Black Silver]  [Verse Two: Ice-T] I got a Street Sweeper, 12-Guage barrel clip Wanna see the streets clean, nigga get set-trip Butterflying in front of gun, twist it up to swing loaded Fill my shelves with nickles and dimes, watch your chest get exploded I can't pack it, it's real big to hide I bring it out when we're ready to ride We keep shooting no pump, just Click Clack! You gotta hold it steady, it really get back It's very ugly, no chrome kinda burn brown It don't matter, you won't see it when you lay down No way to silence it (*Gun Shot*) it's where the violence is Iceberg nigga, I think your wife is scared [Chorus: Black Silver]    [Verse Three: RBX] Surprise! Street Sweeper The missile, the heat seeker Dust the block off like Return of the Grim Reaper It could be the brash, watch the tongue cold latched Dabble broke out, you got your back patched One time trigger happy, still no love Niggaz get thirsty, so we push and shove Wait! hold on that, you wanna be famous  Baww! Hole over the front page News  [Chorus: Black Silver] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T & Black Silver Album:  Urban Legends Song:   I'm So Fly  Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com   [Intro: Ice-T] Awww man, sometimes I just..  I just say to myself man; why am I this God, man? (I'm so fly!) I can't help it baby, no matter what I do, man (I'm so fly!) Everything just comes for real, man Just makes it ~ just happens, man (I'm so fly!) There I go; just so fly [Verse One: Ice-T] Sometimes I kick back and take a look at my drawer I wish I had a brand new collection of clothes But I don't, so I crease up my Khakis again Scrub off my air ones and I'm back in the wane I might go, and take a little trip to the mall Ain't got no money but I might knock a bitch at the mall  It ain't about your chain, it's about your game I slide up on a shorty, and I spell her my name She liked the scent, a fresh went to green breath mint And play out at the way, the baby's back was bent She told me: She was a whore, if I was a pimp  I told her: Get down with it, get down with it then! [Chorus: Ice-T] I'm so fly - I truly can't help myself I got everything on earth player except for the wealth I'm so fly - I get up every morning and say Goddamn! I'm a lucky man to feel this way I'm so fly - Born with it, always had I guess I gotta give a lot of props to my dad I'm so fly - Number one on the haters mind Take a number bitch nigga, hit the back of the line [Verse Two: Ice-T] Now I used to carry guns and I lock your block Nowadays, I shoot guns on my new XBOX® Eat some cereal, and some Ice corn milk Kick off my gators, maybe lay back and chill  I don't like the phone, cause the phone is always drama My homies always wanna go to war like Osama I tell a man kick back, please don't trip  I try to explain it, when I be tying my clip So uhh.. I keep it cool, dude, check out some Youtube  Throw on my IPod® groove tube; to some old tunes I can't help it, that's how I was made  I'm O.G. - baby like great Kool-Aid® [Chorus: Ice-T] [Verse Three: Ice-T] I listen to these cats everyday on BET I know they wish like hell in their hearts they could me I roll Caddy, drop top, with the Chrome frame I'm riding slow while you're mashing in the fast lane Ain't no rush cousin I'm owning Gold Daytonas and my pump is Cushion® You thought the fuck it wasn't? You're with that high price whore, getting your pockets crease I'm down at Popeyes® with my bitch in a three piece I'm so fly, everything I do And the one thing I don't do is ever wish I was you I'm so fly, and so fly is my crew IceBerg baby, I'm so sure you knew [Chorus: Ice-T] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T, The Glove, Dave Storrs Album: Breakin' Song: Reckless (12") by Ice-T, The Glove & Dave Storrs  Intro  Hey, boy!  Verse 1  Once upon a time a DJ's task  Was just to play records, what more could you ask?  But then came remixes, scratching and cuts  Which was too much for many, drove some DJ's nuts  But the DJ named Glove has reigned supreme  As the turntable wizard of the hip-hop scene  So listen to him, check him out, but remember this  When The Glove's on the wheels of steel he's Reckless  Verse 2  This high-powered music is truly unique  As The Glove cuts the rhythm to the hip-hop beat  He moves like a madman as he spins his disc  He's the number one scratcher on the DJ list, he's Reckless  Verse 3  Now I've seen DJ's, too many to name  Some gained recognition and even fame  But when you talk of MC's, Ice-T is the best  And when you talk of DJ's, forget the rest, Glove's Reckless  Verse 4  So listen very closely as The Glove throws down  He cuts like a razor to the big beat sound  Dave's layin' down a groove that we know you'll like  With The Glove on the turntables and Ice-T on the mic, we're Reckless  Verse 5  So listen to the music, let your mind feel free  Realize you're with the master G-L-O-V-E  Dave and MC Ice-T, you know you're with the best  Because when we're in the mix you know the groove is fresh  and Reckless, Reckless, Reck-Reck-Re-Reckless The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Colors soundtrack Song: Colors Typed by: nemesi_@libero.it Yo Ease let's do this... I am a nightmare walking, psychopath talking King of my jungle just a gangster stalking Living life like a firecracker quick is my fuse Then dead as a deathpack the colors I choose Red or Blue, Cuz or Blood, it just don't matter Sucker die for your life when my shotgun scatters We gangs of L.A. will never die - just multiply You see they hit us then we hit them Then we hit them and they hit us, man It's like a war, ya know what I'm sayin' People dont even understand They don't even know what they dealing with You wanna get rid of the gangs it's gonna take a lotta work But people don't understand the size of this This is no joke man, this is real You don't know me, fool You disown me, cool I don't need your assistance, social persistance Any problem I got I just put my fist in My life is violent but violent is life Peace is a dream, reality is a knife My colors, my honour, my colors, my all With my colors upon me one soldier stands tall Tell me what have you left me, what have I got Last night in cold blood my young brother got shot My home got jacked My mother's on crack My sister can't work cause her arms show trax Madness insanity live in profanity Then some punk claimin' they understandin' me Give me a break, what world do you live in Death is my sect, guess my religion Yo my brother was a gang banger and all my homeboys bang I don't know why I do it man, I just do it I never had much of nuffin man Look at you man, you've got everything going for yourself and I ain't got nuffin man, I've got nuffin I'm living in the ghetto man just look at me man, look at me My pants are saggin braided hair suckers stare but I don't care my game ain't knowelgde my game's fear I've no remorse so squares beware But my true mission is just revenge you ain't in my sect, you ain't my friend wear the wrong color your life could end homocides my favorite venge Listen to me man no matter whatcha do don't ever join a gang you don't wanna be in it man, You're just gonna end up in a mix of dead freinds and time in jail I know, if I had a chance like you, I would never be in a gang man but I didn't have a chance You know I wish i did I'll just walk like a giant police defiant you'll say to stop but I'll say that I cant my gangs my family its all that I have I'm a star, on the walls is my autograph You don't like it, so you know where you can go cause the streets are my stage and terror's my show phsyco-analize tried diognising me wise It was a joke brother the brutally died But it was mine, so let me define my territory don't cross the line Don't try to act crazy cause the bitch dont thank me you can be read like a punk it wouldn'ta made me cause my colors death thou we all want peace but our war won't end, they'll always see See the wars of the street gangs will always get to me man But I don't wanna be down with this situation man but I'm in here, if I had something betta to do I think I'd do it but right now I'm just down here boye I'm trying to get money cause I'm smart I'm gunna get paid while I'm out here I'm gunna get that paper, ya know what I'm saying If I had a chance like you, maybe I would be in school but I'm not, I'm out here living day to day surviving and I'm willing to die for my colors Yo'll please stop, cause I want ya all to live. This is Ice-T, Peace... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Greatest Hits - The Evidence Song: Money, Power & Women Typed by: westupsouthdown@yahoo.com [Chorus 2x] "You gotta make the money first" "Then when you get the money, you get the power" "Then when you get the power, Then you get the woman" [Ice-T] The problem is you broke, You ain't got no car or job You slow with youer hustle, You dress like a slob Ladies ain't looking for no brothers like this They want the dub-twisting ballers with the ice on their wrist You gotta get your cash right to get in the game Might have to pull a pistol, Flip some caine Get out in them streets and hustle hard in the rain Take your come up and reinvest to the game "You gotta make the money first" You need a lot to go far What you think is rich, I just spent on a car What you think is paid, I just blew on a watch What you think is wealthy, I just dropped on a yacht Flip the street cash and try to pick some stocks Kick back in your pad and watch it roll like crops But it really ain't that easy, Or we all would be rich One mistake, You're broke, The come up's a bitch Make the right moves and forget about sleep concentrate on the paper chase, Join the elite Few dun got mad cash and money to spend Money to straight blow and money to lend And only then, You made it past stage one, My friend [Chorus 2x] [Ice-T] Now you got the money and the cash flow thick But you really ain't nothing but a richer trick Just because you're paid, you can still get thick By your low life homies or skanless bitch You gotta move it around, put it in the right hands Maybe a judge, Make a PA your friend Understand what really moves the world Recognize what really moves these girls Juice is more important than cash for real Money you spend, But true power you feel It ain't that easy to reach Respect is about the hardest damn thing in the streets to get Make your moves correct, Watch your crew Watch your back, They watching you Anybody round you has gotta be true Or you never make it past stage two Listen, when you get the real true power, You know People will feel you, Wherever you go And when you really max this game You'll never have to say your name [Ice-T] Now you got the power, It's on, My friend Cuz the one thing women love is powerful men The one thing women hate are brothers that bend They act like they like 'em, But they only pretend They wanna be with that man in the V.I. They don't wanna stand in line You outta your mind? That other player's got cash, But no juice Cuz the powerful men get to choose From a multitude of women that be steppin in crews Willing to do much more than before Give you quick brains, It's insane Just what the woman'll do just for you Cuz if you got the power, Then they gets it too If you rollin benz, Then they rollin too If you livin phat, Then they ballin too That sounds stupid to you, Not to me They winning one move when it takes us three Cars, Big houses, And shopping sprees While most of us see the penitentiary [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T w/ Slayer Album: Judgment Night soundtrack Song: Disorder Typed by: fridgepnufc@hotmail.com WAR!!! Our government is fucked Sure to bring us down The media incites civil unrest Hatred can bring you down WAR!!! I don't want your war WAR!!! WE DON'T NEED YOUR WAR We don't need your war WAR!!! Military beasts starvin countries Drama brings you to your knees Spill your blood to save humanity Dyin for the food we feed Our government is fucked Sure to bring us down The media incites civil unrest Hatred can bring you down Injustice drives you crazy It drive L.A. insane In this generation hatred is the name WAR!!! L.A. '92 Bastard magic should make you cry The answer to the question is we ain't gonna die L.A. '92 Police can make me under stress While all L.A.'s a fuckin mess Don't patronise my fuckin ass Some heads will get crashed L.A. '92 Bush has got his upper cut He's goin to fuckin war He won't revert to sticks and stones Just bullet holes and broken bones Chaos, chaos, chaos, chaos Don't give a fuck! Everybody knock ya down No weight support so taken down The juk-jock, ??? ??? ??? We ain't got shit, now had enough Chaos, chaos, chaos, chaos Don't give a fuck! Disorder!!! (x8) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Shyheim Album: The Lane Promo VLS Song: Get My Cash On Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Ice-T]  Uhh, yeah, Ice-T Check it out, players on the hill Looking for a nutsack Straight lace hustles in the house WHAT!! - East and West Shyheim is in the house Shoaling, yeah, real players unite Raw Breeze in the house, he is from Bronx, baby It's going down, yeah, check it [Verse One: Ice-T]         Pop the Rémy, kick back and let the player represents  High floss, true boss came to take aim These suckers wannabe-us they can please your green I bend whores on a down low; banks obscene  You wanna chill with these niggaz that you wish you could And suck game out my ass like sponges, I run this You can't fuck with my steelo; you niggaz born to be low When I'm on the East I play Ceelo, cash flow A one track mind, serial hustler Quick to break a buster, you snitch bitch I dust ya Bently balling bastard; no hustler faster Game maker, I knock a white girl to break her You can't see me motherfucker; your focus is off You can't be me motherfucker; you're broke and soft Too many niggaz trying to pert my lifestyle by romancing I was kicking game and y'all kids was break-dancing Overlord; so why the whack niggaz is fucking dead? Probably because my aim is over nigga's heads Eastcoast, Westcoast, I play the whole map and bounce You got a Benz but you're living in you mamma's house [Chorus:] [Ice-T] Damn, I'm just trying to.. [Shyheim] Trying to get my cash on, trying to get the loot [Ice-T] Don't want no static, baby, just trying to get paid [Shyheim] Trying to get my cash on, trying to get the loot [Ice-T] Let's keep it moving, baby, let's keep it moving, baby [Shyheim] Trying to get my cash on, trying to get the loot [Ice-T] I don't want no static, kid, just trying to get paid, feel me? [Shyheim] Trying to get my cash on, I'm trying to get the loot [Verse Two: Ice-T] I kick back and bump the rap tapes lace I turn out the lights, makes you stretching right Yeah, I kicks back in the leather, gets my thoughts together Listen to the emcees that kick it clever Ill type flows and complicated vocal batter Meticulous, verbal assaults and topic matter The sence chills through my bones  When I hear an MC rips a microphone, I got a rap Jones But when he starts keep it game, he's my reign cousin You thought I let slide by, real players knew I wasn't I want to let you look into a magazine and dream  the name a thousand damn designers, you ain't never motherfucking seen One day, yes, one day, you might get it But when I see you on the streets, kid, you look pathetic I mass the street game when I was younger Old hustlers said I got that true pimp hunger That's why I got the mad street clout And when you see me on the street I would be buttas no boubt [Chorus: with minor variations] [Ice-T] You know what I'm doing though.. [Shyheim] Trying to get my cash on, trying to get the loot [Ice-T] Don't want no greed, baby, just trying to get mine [Shyheim] Trying to get my cash on, trying to get the loot [Ice-T] Keep it moving, baby, keep it moving, kid, yeah, yeah.. [Shyheim] Trying to get my cash on, trying to get the loot [Ice-T] You know what I do out there in the streets, yeah, yeah [Shyheim] Trying to get my cash on, I'm trying to get the loot [Verse Three: Ice-T] There's only one thing worse than a player hater, that's a player faker Ain't never have been through nothing; you're fronting Dear God; I can't imagine what it's like to rap about a lifestyle that you ain't never lived in fucking life VERSACE!! but you're barely got a fucking belt LOS VAGUS!! and you ain't never wrote the fucking felt Niggaz know the Ice is clean as treasuries plates Whether mashing in the sex, or licking high for gates My reputation is like bulletproof Known to mash-by in the Limo' with hookers hanging out the roof The gangster blueprints your work off, kid What you're praying that you do, yo, I done already did Never claimed to be the greatest rapper and I don't give a fuck Only claimed to be a hustler, known how to check a buck You'll wake up one day and realize; just because your skills can pay me Your girls might not be paid, G, come back out to reality You're broke as fuck, I know, you player-hate me [Chorus: with minor variations] [Ice-T] All I'm just trying to do is.. [Shyheim] Trying to get my cash on, trying to get the loot [Ice-T] That's right, baby, we keep it moving, baby, we keep it moving, baby [Shyheim] Trying to get my cash on, trying to get the loot [Ice-T] Just trying to get my cash on.. like you! [Shyheim] Trying to get my cash on, trying to get the loot [Ice-T] Straight hustler for life.. on the hill! [Shyheim] Trying to get my cash on, trying to get the loot [Ice-T] Yeah.. just trying to get mine [Shyheim] Trying to get my cash on, trying to get the loot [Ice-T] With my niggaz, for life, yeah [Shyheim] Trying to get my cash on, trying to get the loot [Ice-T] You player-hate me, I'm just trying to get mine [Shyheim] Trying to get my cash on, trying to get the loot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube & Ice-T Album: The Looters 12" * Song: The Looters (Street Version) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * released free by DJ Muggs at SoulAssassins.com  [*Opening Dialogue Cast of Starring Characters:] Cletus = Tiny Lister King J.= Ice-T Savon! = Ice Cube Raymond= Bruce A. Young [Opening Dialogue: a quote from 1992 St. Louis Trespass Movie] [King James] Yo Savon, you're my man and everything else But you just can't run up in this building and shoot And fools got my brother hostage, man [Savon] Fuck that!! [King James] I don't want nobody shoots 'til I say so, you understand? I'm running this crew [Savon] And you ain't running shit but your mouth Cause shit ain't worked all day and it's on [Hook: DJ Muggs scratching quotes below] Ugh, YOU GONNA GET YOURS!! --------> Flavor Flav Ugh, YOU GONNA GET YOURS!! --------> Flavor Flav [Ice Cube] Five niggaz on the roof with the proof And one went out White boy wanna know what it's all about Back in St. Louis Down with King James so everybody knew us Who that wanna do us? - GOOSE!! The first motherfucker done went loose Catch him on the roof, got my news from my Deuce Deuce Savon, can't be clowned [Ice-T] Saw the motherfucker got the critical beat down On and on the drama continues to ring For me, I'm known as James the King I got a partner by my right hand Though Savon is the hype man But he thinks that he can do something I can't do "What's that?" - command the crew Now, I'm finding out who was really true Two white boys got my brother on a hostage's tip [Ice Cube] Fuck that, I wanna give them full clips So you better stay calm with the shooters Ugh, and here come the looters [Hook: DJ Muggs scratching quotes below] Move it YOU GONNA GET YOURS!! --------> Flavor Flav Move it YOU GONNA GET YOURS!! --------> Flavor Flav [Ice Cube] Ugh, bailed through the skylight He spends some time, so could you give me a highlight White boy got to stick his nose in, claimed he seen nothing Got to break him off something Rushed down the steps, hands up, sound dumb Shaking like a bitch is how we found him Showed him the Machete, he stepped back from the riot Claimed he ain't never seen a nigga like that With Don and Cletus, we stepped about seven for two  And I'm the meanest motherfucker in my crew Do him, boom, hit another shot Ran for cover (* Gun Shot*) [Ice-T] Awww shit, got my little brother I'm not nice tonight, cause you got me in a Gun Fight Yeah, the cap peeler, big drug dealer I already had to kill the man Called up Raymond who is crazy as I am He got the ammo', he got much guns Trunk the funk, now, my posse is ready to pump the chumps I wanna kill them suckers badder than any of them Let them showed me my brother's health Savon, don't care, he is my nightmare I'm trying to slow him up [Ice Cube] I wanna blow them up So you better stay calm with the shooters Motherfucker [Hook: DJ Muggs scratching quotes below] YOU GONNA GET YOURS!! --------> Flavor Flav Move it YOU GONNA GET YOURS!! --------> Flavor Flav Move it [Ice Cube] Pour more juice to the scene Cause Raymond got a trunk full of M16s Now, bitch give me room He got Wickey, K.J. and Luther and White Moon  Cletus and Savon  Seven motherfuckers that drag like Ping Pong [Ice-T] There's a lot of bullets flying Echoes screeching, there's a lot of motherfuckers dying All I want is my brother back 13 men in the St. Louis death track [Ice Cube] So you better stay calm with the shooters The shooters, the shooters, the motherfucking looters [Hook: DJ Muggs scratching quotes below] YOU GONNA GET YOURS!! --------> Flavor Flav Move it YOU GONNA GET YOURS!! --------> Flavor Flav Move it YOU GONNA GET YOURS!! --------> Flavor Flav Move it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chuck D, DA Smart, Ice Cube, Ice-T, Insane, KAM, Killah Priest   Mobb Deep, The RZA, Shorty, Smooth B Album: One Million Strong Song: Where Ya At? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] So yo check this out This is Ice Cube from the Westside Connection Callin all the way from Johannesburg, South Africa The world has never seen a million black men in one place But on October 16, in Washington, D.C., a million black men will gather "This is a mission, not a small time thing" (sample repeats) [Mobb Deep] Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, word up son, check it out though YaknowhatI'msayin? Word up son Listen up son, knowhatI'msayin? (Watch out for them man) Listen up son, check it out though, yo Open your eyes get wise and look alive focus your attention Windows 95 updated high tech lynchin Crosses of the colored man who claims he holds the keys to the safe Secrets of the world, blow him in his face Who's the master of the universe, galaxy and planets Babylonians ecstatic moon the sinkin of Atlantis (Be the one soul original black filled with melanin  Goin out like represent Kuwait in two thousand) [Ice-T] Brothers gonna have to put themself in check Three strikes you in the penzo, checked to your neck Your woman cries, your baby grows up alone Talkin through a three inch glass on a two way phone You tell me brothers got no options today You best to listen to the Ice closely fool, crime don't pay Gas and dope bullets and coke ain't the way You need to march with the Nation on Atonement Day, represent [Chuck D] Now, to all my brothers we be rhymin like this Yeah I can handle, but they can't kill it mill or dismantle it And we can leave the component alone Show all my brothers a brother instead of negro Crackers in the back obscene knahmean But I've been knockin em out the box like ?? So on the single we be flowin at the lingo Comin together, not solo like Mandingo Chorus: all together So where you at y'all?   Right here, hangin with my brothers and we showin no fear So where you at y'all?   Right here, if you represent then throw your hands in the air [Smooth B] Arm Leg Leg Arm Head My people with braids waves dreads and baldheads A million strong doin duty, wisdom strength beauty Ummah Ahs they are, sun moon star And it's a holy day, come sober Smooth B in D.C., sixteenth of October In unity there is power, none can devour Hour after hour, we shower [RZA & Killah Priest] Imagine us travellin back to Nazareth   Most fabulous To raise up the black dead slaves like Lazarus   When I catch rays through the blaze holy essays   No more death days and vexed slaves possessed in caves Yo it's the last days and times we gots to raise your mind Brothers walk around dumb different and blind Pregnant Earths always carry eggs I pledge to never fall off the ledge and blacks remain family like Sister Sledge [Shorty] God prepared the table for us, in the presence of our enemy Now we soon to be, one in unity One two three I'm a G But the God inside is that G I chose to be The world is a stage and everybody plays a part I'm not considered, the one with a sensitive heart When I say black man you say go Black man GO black man GO Chorus [DA Smart] Somebody stole me, you took me from Kunta to Toby and mold me, in a way that you freed me but still hold me What you tryin to pull? Eatin us like cannibals Whatever happened to that forty acres and that animal Now you tryin to use integration just to fool us Like Malcolm said, we been hoodwinked and bamboozled Mama cryin, and I ain't lyin I'm going to Washington for justice, I'ma get it, or die tryin Don't hesitate, he's at the gate And that's a million black men in one place to set it straight So black women applaud the black God I'm DA Smart, with the million man march [KAM] Damn that's how you know the world about to end Rain hail snow earthquakes and a million black men Upon the God indivisible With liberty and justice for all cause y'all done made us miserable With this AmeriKKKan nightmare That's why October 16th we gon be right there like yeah The same niggaz that you want gone Well we about a million deep on your front lawn It's goin on from here to Abraham Lincoln's statue And every brother here thinkin yeah we need to holla at you About this overdue bidness With the Black Muslim, Christian Jew and Jehovah Witness To get this out in the open the only way Is for us to declare a black holy day The homies say that they rollin Plus we got family, forty miles up, controllin Chorus 4X (to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Evil-E the Great Album: Rhyme Syndicate: Coming Through Song: Comin' Through Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Verse One: Ice-T]         My mafiaso Rap calls an Austro Cosby went deadly, cops would say ohh so City be terrorized, concert we meant to rock My word is my bond, because the Ice speaks no lies I kick flavor while the crew watch my back Kid Jazz, Everlast, Low Pro, Nat the Cat Donald Dee, Bronx Style Bob, T.D.F. Spinmasters, Bango and my man Def Jef You want trouble; we got it You hear gun; we shot it Wrecking and dancing; and suckers dancing with Jackson My glock is crazy respecting, collecting with cheque and Dissing, dogging, microphone hogging Radically speaking, monitor peeking  You get annoyed, worried and scary Beats are too different, styles are too vary What you're gonna do? - I'm gonna follow you It's '88 punk, Syndicate is coming through [Chorus: Evil-E] Rhyme Syndicate.. yeah, is coming through Rhyme Syndicate.. yeah.. coming.. coming.. coming through Rhyme Syndicate.. Rhyme Syndicate.. Rhyme Syndicate.. Yeah.. is coming through [Verse Two: Ice-T] Evil-E cuts the records, the boy don't be joking I write the lyrics, my big Pimp be smoking When we're on the do, since Islam drops the talking And after the jam Syndicate cold be stalking  Cold cooling while the girlies be drooling Take a ten at the time in the room for some schooling The hall, the bar, the floor, the pool And back at the Limo' we got the girls drooling for.. [Chorus: Evil-E] [Verse Three: Ice-T] I got a rhymes like a spectacular, high great vernacular Records I rap for ya, movies I act for ya You say you're deaf? - it might be a fact You are prepared to loose your bluffer cause my rhymes fly like Zocular Don't play me intelligence, cause that's irrelevant Where power is mandatory just to kick lyrics so elegant Impressive, aggressive, suckers suppressing You're talking mess I think that you'd simply do your best to get it  Or shut up, before the boys nut up Trying to diss the posse just can get your butt cut up Rhyme Syndicate is the name of the crew It's simple, wasn't way of living when they're delivering to you Cause..  [Chorus: Evil-E until fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: Rise Above: 24 Black Flag Songs to Benefit the West Memphis Three Song: Police Story Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Ice-T] This fucking city, run by pigs They take the rights away from, all the kids Understand it We're fighting a war, we can't win They hate us, we hate them We can't win - NO WAY!! [Ice-T] Walk down the street, I flip them off They hit me across the head with a.. Billy Club (Stick) Understand it We're fighting a war, we can't win They hate us, we hate them We can't win - NO WAY!! [Ice-T] NOTHING I do, NOTHING I say I tell them to go get FUCKED!! They put me AWAY! - understand it We fight a war, we can't win They hate us, we hate them We can't win - NO WAY!! [Ice-T] I go to court, pay for my crime Stand in line to pay bail I may serve time - understand it We're fighting a war, we can't win They hate us, we hate them We can't win - NO WAY!! [Outro: Ice-T] POLICE STORY!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Hen-G Album: Tank Girl (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) Song: Big Gun Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro] Oooooohhhh, oooooohhhh Oooooohhhh, oooooohhhh [Ice-T] It's going down, yo, the girl got a gun Best run, because she is, quick to flip and empty out the clip And make the men understand where she is coming from The hardcore is connected to the base of her fate She just breaks and brings drama to the situation Ejaculation of her projectile, she buckwild Better recognize that she comes, she comes correct Collects respect, and if not, you'll catch a broken neck, buddy Look down and your shirt is all bloody Looks like she caught you with the bad one For messing with the mad one Told you about this girl before, you didn't listen to me as I talk Now you stalked, by the hunter of the fronter  Who's size five and sexy Quick to catch your body and another one next week Huh, it doesn't matter cause the girl stays strapped She said she had enough of men and now she's looking for payback (WORD!!) And there's no way that you can fade her son She walks softly but she carries the big gun [Chorus: Hen-G X2] She walks softly but she carries the big gun She walks softly but she carries the big gun She walks softly but she carries the big gun [Ice-T] And there's no way that you can fade her son [Ice-T] The most venemous feminist, homey she ain't soft You give her trouble then she might cut your head off Or something that you like to think's the best She'll blow big holes in your shest (*Gun Shot*) She said she gotta cause she says a lot of ladies won't She said she gotta cause she says a lot of ladies don't She said she gotta cause she says a lot of ladies can't She said she gotta cause she knows a lot of ladies  Romance the thoughts of giving men their own medicine Electrocute them, light them up like Con Edison  She got no fear, five rings in her ear Holes in her nose, way out clothes Living life to the fullest, buckshots and bullets Triggers she'll pull it, Earth she wanna rule it Maybe she will, cause she is quick to kill The city lights make her dresses tight, yes she bites You'll never know where she'll coming from She walks softly but she carries the big gun [Chorus: Hen-G X2] [Ice-T] She got no time to trip or argue, you're through I bet she gets you Homeboy'll catch a stretcher like so many before She is on the Bodycount tour, but not rock She couldn't suck the punks and cops You say she is nothing but a woman then you'll come up shot You say why you wanna kill me? - and she says why not! Pop, she got a body that'll make you cry Pop, she got a shotty that'll make you die Don't bring drama to her homey, cause you'll wind up flat She'll put your ass horizontal then she'll pull your cap She got no love, and love is something that she never had She loved the mother but she hated the motherfucking dad So stay the hell out of her way, cause the girl don't play, none She walks softly but she carries the big gun [Chorus: Hen-G W/variation X2] She walked softly but she carried the big gun She walked softly but she carried the big gun She walked softly but she carried the big gun [Ice-T] So don't even try to play her son She walked softly but she carried the big gun She walked softly but she carried the big gun She walked softly but she carried the big gun [Ice-T] So don't even try to front son The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Daddy Nitro Album: Home Invasion/Trespass Soundtrack Song: Depths of Hell Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Daddy Nitro] Now hear dis! All bad man what dey a know The original bad man dey a know, seen? Daddy Nitro, an' Ice-T dey 'pon ? man Come talk wit reality An' any guy who nah like dey got shot in ? face No Ice-T, come talk wit reality star Tell dem bout da endin of da world today.. COME! [Ice-T] I got a attitude as thick as a convict's Bomb ticks, my heart beats as I rhyme over hard shit Watch this, the nigga that you didn't think could do break through with the rhythm that'll rock your whole crew Thought you knew; I ain't no punk or no pooh-butt Step to me, the cops are still diggin niggaz up What's up? What's up? What's up? You wanna try your luck You move you weave you bob you got stuck And now you're trippin with your fuckin brain You never seen so much blood pour through one vein You try to scream, you choke You try to run, your legs are broke You're bulletproof I hope.. Yo, I ain't no nigga to flex, but I will flip Fuck up a nigga and dropkick his fuckin bitch I love to squabble and I'm good widdit So if you want some nigga come get it I ain't trippin nigga trippin at all Yo, I'm fuckin walkin over weak rapper's downfalls It ain't my fault they fell, it ain't my fault I sell I pull my ass up from the depths of hell [Daddy Nitro] Lawd! Jib-bibbidy-bong, jib-bibbidy-be-bong-ska-dang Daddy Nitro an' Ice-T come wid a different some-thang Comin out de ghetto tings are wild like pure 'ell Nuff man get ? in my firebomb sale Some a sell coke but the music we a sell We no inna doubt, we don't want no ambulance bell While other lyrics are full of our style we fill up our clientele Ice-T an' Nitro from the, depths of 'ell, COME! [Ice-T] You punks are jealous cause I'm rollin in fly shit My shit, all paid for and I don't owe no guy shit Fuck you, it ain't my fault your ass is on empty Thought you was it, but you're smooth gettin pimped G.. .. I ain't no hoe fool Got much respect for the new and the old school But many rappers can rip mics but can't count.. .. zero bank amounts Word and many critics are hot cause hard rap hits They like to make it all soft that we pop shit Fuck that, I'll die before I let the hardcore go Cause I'm a nigga from the G-H-E-T-T-O I got a posse who's airtight, quick to fight And got the power to continue or end the night And if you stepped on wrong, then you're a done kid The yellow tape's in the club because one did I got no pity so don't ask me for fuckin any I'll break a bum off but you niggaz can't get a penny When I was broke, I stole my gold, I pawned I lived the life of a hustler off and on I'm just a brother that lived to tell I brought my ass up from the depths of hell [Daddy Nitro] Come! In a de ghetto tings are wild round de clock Some man a smoke crack and soem man a fire shot Me tell de people dem laws, that we no inna dat If a guy try dat thing we get them sixteen shotta It's a lovely night ?? ?? off de chatta Easy Ice-T make them no say you a mark-a Anyway we go on I bet a no say we stop wit lyrics and de music and right on de ? EASE UP and come again my selector All over de world is only for pain an' sufferin That's why Ice-T and Daddy Nitro come wit the reality thing Nice this everytime star Man like Ice-T 'pon the ?? man Come in star, one last time and teach dem bout reality Now watch dis, COME! [Ice-T] I met this girl who act like I owed her somethin Nothin, all I owed her was some good steady fuckin Fuck that, not the one that's gonna fall on no hoe trap Ease back bitch, before you need all your teeth back.. .. I ain't no fuckin mark Made all my money workin bowcutters in the dark Snatch bars and cars and vice grips Long handled sledgehammers, saws and wire snips I got an ill side that drips from my brain at times It still thinks of the psycho and brutal crimes I still remember when I had a low cash flow No hoes, no cars, no gear no dough And times got wicked.. .. I even remember havin to sell all my pawn tickets But suckers spread out and they left me with few friends But that's who wit me as we fuck up the true ends So don't be trippin if your luck's gone bad, be glad It'll empty out the fake fuckin friends you had Then get yourself together, nigga aim straight Shoot point blank at your goals, work hard and wait You can do it even if you fell I brought my ass back from the depths of hell [Daddy Nitro] Cause we are serious, en-ter-tain-ers Talk about de Ice-T, he no joker Cause we are serious, en-ter-tain-ers Talk about de Daddy Nitro me no joker Me come and pull up my lyrics and full up my style and full up our lingual As me sit upon de riddim I'ma sit on proper As me flow upon de riddim like a rockin of de gong Me sit upon de riddim like a true ?? Man no listen Daddy Nitro like a fierce ?? Me flow upon de mic from a ?? area Pam pamma, original chat masta Me pam pamma, original chat masta Me pam pamma, me come fi set fi dance pon fiyah An' if it's on, well you must fi chant up hiyah Me say dis a Daddy Nitro steppin ?? ?? Come down, no try to diss and no dismiss de kid As me sit upon de riddim wit de man Ice-T All of de massive up here listen to me Respect me come from inner New York Ci-ty Die gon test me, man go dead and buried, COME! Ease up man, FIYAH Wicked every time.. woy! Woy! Woy! Woy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube and Ice-T Album: Trespass soundtrack Song: Trespass Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice-T] How many bullets can your back hold, suckin from the HK The red dot's on your dome, from the light ray Boom bam bust oh shit kid, your head is a pile of puss I'm kickin up much dust, the nigga ya can't trust This is my shit, my hood, my turf My gold, my grip, whatever the fuck it's worth I don't need nobody comin in my territory tryin to rip a nigga off and fuck your fuckin sob stories [Ice Cube] Take a good look at my motherfuckin jacker About to feel the wrath, of a greedy ass cracker Pale as snow, so you know the hoe stand out Comin in my hood with his hand out Tryin to get over on the black, but the motherfuckin mack will put a fuckin slug in his back And with the boom ping ping, it ain't no thing to blast on greedy motherfuckers that trespass Chorus [Ice Cube] Olly olly outcome free, here come the G I'm saggin, and Enter the Dragon like Bruce Lee I gots to get mo' money mo' money Can't get pussy with no money See I'm kind of greedy, cause all my heroes got zeroes in back of a one Here's my gun, about to get paid at last But now I'm gettin covered, in dirt and grass, kick it [Ice-T] The madder I get, the higher the debt, the deeper you get The thicker the sweat Cause I'm a nigga with fat clout But ya in, but ya gotta get back out No easy job, for some suckers is out to rob Crosshair on your dome and your mind's blown You wanna go home... ain't that a bitch? Cube, dig the ditch (yep) Chorus [Ice-T] I got a full time job of takin suckers out Breakin em off, yea word, I love revokin clout Test me, stress me, who could the best be? The teflon nine go through vests G But when you're greedy you don't care about life itself You're chasin extreme wealth You can't be trusted cause trust ain't in the fuckin game Scandalous is your fuckin name [Ice Cube] I'm the motherfucker you're stuck wit Ice Cube -- "Wronnnnnnng nigga to FUCK WIT!" I'm rich, pitchin a bitch about gettin mo' The big fish, swimmin in big dough The G backstabber, I got ta have a Lexus Coupe, when I troop with the ski mask, gotta get the cash My homeboy ain't home, so fuck it I'll trespass The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The West Coast Rap All-Stars Album: We're All in the Same Gang Song: We're All in the Same Gang Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (with help from liner notes) {*gun is cocked and fired*} (I'm King News and I come to you with the truth The mean streets took six more lives overnight all the result of gang-bang stupidity By the way, you gangsters should know one of your victims was a three year old girl Well, you gang members, you still don't get it, do ya?) (With your badself) [King Tee] It's straight up madness everywhere I look Used to be a straight a student, now he's a crook Robbin people just to smoke or shoot up Used to have a crew cut, now he's a pooh-put Dropped out of school and he joins the neighborhood gang Hangin on the streets sellin caine To his own people Now when I say people I mean color You a stupid muthaf... I'm tryin to stress the fact that you're dumb Get yourself presentable, son, and just come Together, you better, cause pretty soon it's gonna be too late A message from King Tee The Great [Body & Soul] Sisters, since we are the mothers of this earth It's time we start being good mothers from the birth Of our children, no time for sleepin Teach em to fight and win for the right reason It's your time, it's your life, live it Proud to be black, young and gifted Lifted by the knowledge and takin the right route Gang violence needs to be wiped out A-l-m-i-g-h-ty C and E-z-i-r-e We see the f-u-t-u-r-e Should be a positive thang Body & Soul and you, we're in the same gang [Def Jef] One and the same Everyone came in the same chains Caught with the same aim Brain games and names changed To protect the innocent by-stander Lies, slander and the master-planner Destroy the black male Crack jail and semi-automatic For static if the crack fails So since we all talk the same slang Stop killin, my brother, cause we're all from the same gang [Michel'le] Don't you know we've got to put our heads together? Make the change cause we're all in the same gang [Tone-Loc] Now as a youth I used to get my bang on And on the ave get my part-time slang on Upon a time for me was no joke though They knew I was crazy, so they labelled me Loco Khakis creased, golf hat, feelin sporty Low ridin and tossin up a forty Thinkin in my mind that no one could handle us The downest brothers ever touched Los Angeles I found life was much more suitable Cause I'm the brother that makes black so beautiful I ain't slippin or down with a head trip I'm talkin to all the Bloods and all the Crips Throw down your rag and get on the right track, man It's time to fight, unite and be a black man Tone-Loc is on a positive change Cause remember, we're all in the same gang [Above The Law] Bein the pimps that we are We're here to speak on a situation that has gone too far Here at home in the ghettos of LA Where a young black brother's not promised to see the next day Cause we used to clock on the streets before we made beats But fools just lay and prey on the weak It don't depend on the color of a rag Cause if you got what they want you know they gonna take what you have Cause violence don't only revolve from drugs and thugs And gangs that bang Most times it's a political thang Yeah, a couple of spots'll get popped And if the government wanted to freeze it it could all get stopped But they don't because they want it like that Because the system been set up to hold us back Yeah, Above The Law means that we can do whatever So why don't we stick together? (You got it) [Ice-T] Ice-T rippin the microphone the way I do Listen close, my brothers, cause I'm talkin to you The problem is we got a suicidal lifestyle Cause 90 percent of us are livin foul and wild I say job, you say ([Hen-G:] bad joke I rather jack another brother, watch the gun smoke) Livin in the fast lane flippin like you're insane You won't stop until your blood runs down the street drain I got an idea, give me a minute And if it makes sense, then get with it What if we could take our enemies, feed em poison Undereducate their girls and boys and Split em up, make em fight one another Better yet, make em kill for a color All my brothers need to know one thing No matter what you think, we're all in the same gang [Michel'le] Don't you know we've got to put our heads together? Stop the fighting (Make the change) Because we're all in the same gang [Dr. Dre & MC Ren] Yo, we're not here to preach because we're not ministers We're tellin like it is cause Ren and Dre is like sinister Reality speaks for itself when it's spoken A basehead cluck can't blame nobody for smokin Yo, bullets flyin, mothers cryin, brothers dyin Lyin in the streets, that's why we're tryin To stop it from fallin apart and goin to waste And keepin a smile off a white face N.W.A never preachin, just teachin The knowledge of the streets to each and All that don't understand, that's why we came To let you know that we're all in the same gang [JJ Fad] The J double, F, the a, the d, that is And if you want the solution to the quiz What's black in black, yo, and kills another? An ignorant sucker that isn't labelled as a brother But another So now it's time we evolve And get together and solve it Cause the world is revolvin Around a terrible situation One will kill another for a reputation So it's time we stop and realize that we're all the same Yo Dre, tell em (We're all in the same gang) [Young MC] Brothers killin other brothers I thought the idea was to love one another? Open up the paper to one more death If y'all keep this up then there'll be no one left I try my best to set an example Sayin hype lyrics over hip-hop samples Not just a bragger to boast but to inform Cause we're livin in the calm before the storm You see, I believe that the children are the future But what's it all about if in the future they shoot ya? We're all human beings, if we're cut we'll bleed And I want to see all young people succeed Do 9 to 5, not 5 to 10 Just go to work and not the state pen Cause you live better when you're out there free And that's comin straight to ya from the Young MC [Digital Underground] I'm in a rage Oh yeah? Yo, why is that g? Other races, they say we act like rats in a cage I tried to argue, but check it, every night in the news We prove them suckers right and I got the blues America... Get busy, Humpy The red, the white, the blue and The blue and the red For Clips and Bloods The white for who's got you doin Time bustin caps on one another The Underground's down for peace among brothers Kill a black man? What? Yo, what are you retarded? Tell em, Hump Yo, do you work for the Klan? Do what you like Unless you like gangbangin Let's see how many brothers leave us hangin [Oaktown's 3.4.7.] The gang that should hang is the one that contains The sisters and the brothers who are all in the same frame of mind Now listen, get loose, it's unity time Yeah, yeah Peace is a presence that we all need The future's in our hands, in word and deed I'm Terrible T and I'm Sweet LD We're 3.5.7. totally [MC Hammer] Kickin on the ave 'bout a quarter to 9 All the homies gettin blind in an eight ball line Now on this tip they started runnin at the lip Jumped in their deuce and took a little trip Hit the block about 12 on the tick The windows went down and the nines went click People started yellin, bodies started bailin Bullets cold flyin sendin some to hell and It's gotta stop, we don't need all the violence Peace in the hood and a moment of silence We got together not for ego or fame We got involved cause we're all in the same gang [Eazy-E] Last but not least, yo, Eazy's no sell-out And if you can't hang in the streets, then get the hell out I'm not tryin to tell ya what to do You have your own freedom of choice who to listen to You knew good from bad, fair from foul, right from wrong Now your mother's singing that sad song (My baby ain't never hurt nobody!) But he still got smoked at Bébé's party But you're not the first or the last You're nothin but a short story from the past You're dead now, not number one but a zero Take notes from Eazy-E, the violent hero [Michel'le] Don't you know we've got to put our heads together? Don't you know we've got to put our heads together? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The West Coast Rap All-Stars Album: We're All in the Same Gang Song: We're All in the Same Gang (Gangster Mix) Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (with help from liner notes) [King Tee] It's straight up madness everywhere I look Used to be a straight a student, now he's a crook Robbin people just to smoke or shoot up Used to have a crew cut, now he's a pooh-put Dropped out of school and he joins the neighborhood gang Hangin on the streets sellin caine To his own people Now when I say people I mean color You a stupid muthaf.. I'm tryin to stress the fact that you're dumb Get yourself presentable, son, and just come Together, you better, cause pretty soon it's gonna be too late A message from King Tee The Great [Body & Soul] Sisters, since we are the mothers of this earth It's time we start being good mothers from the birth Of our children, no time for sleepin Teach em to fight and win for the right reason It's your time, it's your life, live it Proud to be black, young and gifted Lifted by the knowledge and takin the right route Gang violence needs to be wiped out A-l-m-i-g-h-ty C and E-z-i-r-e We see the f-u-t-u-r-e Should be a positive thang Body & Soul and you, we're in the same gang [Def Jef] One and the same Everyone came in the same chains Caught with the same aim Brain games and names changed To protect the innocent by-stander Lies, slander and the master-planner Destroy the black male Crack jail and semi-automatic For static if the crack fails So since we all talk the same slang Stop killin, my brother, cause we're all from the same gang [Michel'le] Don't you know we've got to put our heads together? Make the change cause we're all in the same gang [Dr. Dre] Yo, tell em what's up, Loc [Tone-Loc] Like this, holmes? [Tone-Loc] Now as a youth I used to get my bang on And on the ave get my part-time slang on Upon a time for me was no joke though They knew I was crazy, so they labelled me Loco Khakis creased, golf hat, feelin sporty Low ridin and tossin up a forty Thinkin in my mind that no one could handle us The downest brothers ever touched Los Angeles But I chilled and found life more suitable Cause I'm the brother that makes black so beautiful I ain't slippin or down with a head trip I'm talkin to all the Bloods and all the Crips Throw down your rag, get on the right track, man It's time to fight, unite and be a black man Tone-Loc is on a positive change Cause remember, we're all from the same gang [Above The Law] Bein the pimps that we are We're here to speak on a situation that has gone too far Here at home in the ghettos of LA (What's up?) Where a young black brother's not promised to see the next day Cause we used to clock on the streets before we made beats But fools just lay and prey on the weak It don't depend on the color of a rag Cause if you got what they want you know they gonna take what you have Cause violence don't only revolve from drugs and thugs And gangs that bang Most times it's a political thang Yeah, a couple of spots'll get popped And if the government wanted to freeze it it could all get stopped But they don't because they want it like that Because the system been set up to hold us back Yeah, Above The Law means that we can do whatever So why don't we stick together? (You got it) [Ice-T] Ice-T rippin the microphone the way I do Listen close, my brothers, cause I'm talkin to you The problem is we got a suicidal lifestyle Cause 90 percent of us are livin foul and wild I say job, you say ([Hen-G:] bad joke I rather jack another brother, watch the gun smoke) Livin in the fast lane flippin like you're insane You won't stop until your blood runs down the street drain I got an idea, give me a minute And if it makes sense, then get with it What if we could take our enemies, feed em poison Undereducate their girls and boys and Split em up, make em fight one another Better yet, make em kill for a color Keep em drunk and high so they won't know what's up Make em think jail's where you go if you're tough Keep em unemployed, and then they'll probably steal Give em more dope, and that they'll probably deal They'll kill themselves off, think about it, dope plot Somebody parties everytime one of us gets shot All my brothers need to know one thing No matter what you think, we're all in the same gang [Michel'le] Don't you know we've got to put our heads together? [Dr. Dre] I'll stop calling you niggaz when you start acting like black men [Dr. Dre & MC Ren] Yo, we're not here to preach because we're not ministers We're tellin like it is cause Ren and Dre is like sinister Reality speaks for itself when it's spoken A basehead cluck can't blame nobody for smokin Yo, bullets flyin, mothers cryin, brothers dyin Lyin in the streets, that's why we're tryin To stop it from fallin apart and goin to waste And keepin a smile off a white face N.W.A never preachin, just teachin The knowledge of the streets to each and All that don't understand, that's why we came To let you know that we're all in the same gang [JJ Fad] The J double, F, the a, the d, that is And if you want the solution to the quiz What's black in black, yo, and kills another? An ignorant sucker that isn't labelled as a brother But another So now it's time we evolve And get together and solve it Cause the world is revolvin Around a terrible situation One will kill another for a reputation So it's time we stop and realize that we're all the same Yo Dre, tell em (We're all in the same gang) [Young MC] Brothers killin other brothers I thought the idea was to love one another? Openin up the paper to one more death If y'all keep this up then there'll be no one left I try my best to set an example Sayin hype lyrics over hip-hop samples Not just a bragger to boast but to inform Cause we're livin in the calm before the storm You see, I believe that the children are the future But what's it all about if in the future they shoot ya? We're all human beings, if we're cut we'll bleed And I want to see all young people succeed Do 9 to 5, not 5 to 10 Just go to work and not the state pen Cause you live better when you're out there free And that's comin straight to ya from the Young MC [Digital Underground] I'm in a rage Oh yeah? Yo, why is that g? Other races, they say we act like rats in a cage I tried to argue, but check it, every night in the news We prove them suckers right and I got the blues America.. Get busy, Humpy The red, the white, the blue and The blue and the red For Clips and Bloods The white for who's got you doin Time bustin caps on one another The Underground's down for peace among brothers Kill a black man? What? Yo, what are you retarded? Tell em, Hump, tell em Or do you work for the Klan? Do what you like Unless you like gangbangin Let's see how many brothers leave us hangin [Oaktown's 3.4.7.] The gang that should hang is the one that contains The sisters and the brothers who are all in the same frame Of mind Now listen, get loose, it's unity time Yeah, yeah Peace is a presence that we all need The future's in our hands, in word and deed I'm Terrible T and I'm Sweet LD We're 3.5.7. totally [MC Hammer] Kickin on the ave 'bout a quarter to 9 All the homies gettin blind in an eight ball line Now on this tip they started runnin at the lip Jumped in their deuce and took a little trip Hit the block about 12 on the tick The windows went down and the nines went click People started yellin, bodies started bailin Bullets cold flyin sendin some to hell and It's gotta stop, we don't need all the violence Peace in the hood and a moment of silence We got together not for ego or fame We got involved cause we're all in the same gang [Eazy-E] Last but not least, yo, Eazy's no sell-out And if you can't hang in the streets, then get the hell out I'm not tryin to tell ya what to do You have your own freedom of choice who to listen to You knew good from bad, fair from foul, right from wrong Now your mother's singing that sad song (My baby ain't never hurt nobody!) But he still got smoked at Bébé's party But you're not the first or the last You're just a short story from the past You're dead now, not number one but a zero Take notes from Eazy-E, the violent hero [Michel'le] Don't you know we've got to put our heads together? Don't you know we've got to put our heads together? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T Album: WWF Aggression Song: Pimpin' Ain't Easy (Godfather Theme) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice-T] Godfather's in the house.. Grab yo' bitches Pimpin ain't pimpin ain't easy man (repeat 4X) Take a look at me, everything I own's iced out Pimp baby, you can see my wrists with the lights out This is how I do it, mad bitches and clothes Godfather baby, only play to my rogues Step back, hater make a little room for my hoes Gators on my feet, take a look at my toes Money is the reason all the real players know that Godfather lays punks to rest He got no chance up against the best I rocks in the East and I rolls in the West If you don't dig the pimpin I could really care less cause it's, pimp or die, pimp or die baby Pimpin ain't pimpin ain't easy man (repeat 3X) Pimpin ain't pimpin ain't easy.. G-O-D, F-A-T-H-E-R Hoes start runnin when they see my car Even though I'ma pro wrestling star they know I, don't play and I gotta get paid Everything I wear baby's tailor made I come into your town and go off like a grenade And anyone who steps on the mat they get laid Let me pimp or let me die that's the game I chose Condos, speedboats, and beautiful hoes Cartier wristwear, furs and gold And mad cash baby too much to fold cause it's, pimp or die, pimp or die baby Pimpin ain't pimpin ain't easy man (repeat 3X) GRAB YO BITCHES! Pimpin ain't pimpin ain't easy man (repeat 3X) BIG PIMPIN JUMPIN OFF! Pimpin ain't pimpin ain't easy man (repeat 3X) GODFATHER's IN THE HOUSE, BITCH! Pimpin ain't pimpin ain't easy man (repeat 3X) Pimpin ain't pimpin ain't easy.. Break yourself bitch! .. Pimpin ain't pimpin ain't easy man (repeat 3X) Pimpin ain't pimpin ain't - pimp or die baby Pimpin ain't pimpin ain't easy man (repeat 3X) GRAB YO BITCHES! Pimpin ain't pimpin ain't easy man (repeat 3X) BIG PIMPIN JUMPIN OFF! Pimpin ain't pimpin ain't easy man (repeat 5X) GRAB YO BITCHES! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Aladdin, King Tee Album: You Played Yourself (Promo 12") Song: You Played Yourself [Remix] Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro] Bust this ----> DJ Pooh [King Tee] Aww yeah, what's up Aladdin man? [DJ Aladdin] What's up King Tee? [King Tee] Aww, we're chillin' man [DJ Aladdin] Aww, yeah?! [King Tee] My man Ice asked me to come to do this remix, man Do you wanna join me man? [DJ Aladdin] Aww, you know that, you know that [King Tee] Yo man, you know man, you're gonna combine with my man African Islam with some hypes [DJ Aladdin] Aww, yeah [King Tee] You know what I'm sayin? [DJ Aladdin] That's right, that's right [King Tee] You know, You know my man Ice He man, he's a.. [Hook: DJ Evil-E scratching quote below] Panther ----> Paris Panther ----> Paris Panther ----> Paris Panther ----> Paris [Verse 1: Ice-T] This is it, dope from the fly kid The Ice mic is back with the high bid Suckers you've lost, cause players you're not Gangsters you ain't, you're faintin, punk, if you ever heard a gunshot Yo, the pusher, the player, the pimp gangster, the hustler High Roller, Dead Pres' folder Is cold lampin' like a black king on a throne Evil E... turn up the microphone So I can ill and break on the rollin' tape Another album to make? - Great Islam turn the bass kick up a bit Hype the snare, now I got a place to sit And ride the track like a black mack in his 'llac Hit the corner slow where the girls are at And kick game the way it should be done How you gonna drop science? You're dumb Stupid ignorant, don't even talk to me At school you dropped Math, Science and History And then you get on the mic and try to act smart Well let me tell you one thing, you got heart To perpetrate, you're bait, so just wait Til the press shove a mic in your face Or you meet Boogie Down or Chuck D Stetsasonic or the Big Daddy And they ask you about the game you claim you got Drop science now, why not? You start to sweat and fret, it gets hot How'd you get into this spot? You played yourself [Chorus: DJ Evil-E scratching quotes below] Just steppin' Yo, yo, you played yourself ---> Ice-T Just steppin' [Verse 2: Ice-T] I'm no authority but I know the D-E-A-L When it comes to dealin' with the females What you got they want, cash is what they need Slip sucker and they'll break you with speed But you meet a freak, you try to turn her out Spendin' money's what I'm talkin' about But you fool out, your pockets got blew out And after the date, no boots, you got threw out Mad and shook cause your duckets got took Call her up, phone's off the hook But who told you to front and flaunt your grip? You can't buy no relationship You played yourself... [Chorus: DJ Evil-E scratching quotes below] Yo, homeboy, you played yourself... [Verse 3: Ice-T] I'm in the MC game, a lot of MC's front And for the money they're sell out stunts But they claim that they're rich and that they keep cash Yo, let me straighten this out fast Two hundred thousand records sold And these brothers start yellin' about gold? You better double that, then double that again And still don't get sooped, my friend You think you've made it, you're just a lucky man Guess who controls your destiny, fans But you diss them cause you think you're a star That attitude is rude, you won't get far Cause they'll turn on you quick, you'll drop like a brick Unemployment's where you'll sit No friends cause you dissed them too No money, no crew, you're through You played yourself [Chorus: Ice-T w/ minor variations] That's right, you played yourself You played yourself Yo, yo, you played yourself [Verse 4: Ice-T] You got problems, you claim you need a break But every dollar you get you take Straight to the Dopeman, try to get a beam up Your idle time is spent tryin' to scheme up Another way to get money for a jumbo When you go to sleep, you count Five-O's Lyin' and cheatin, everybody you're beatin' Dirty clothes and you're skinny cause you haven't been eatin' You ripped off all your family and your friends Nowhere does your Larceny end And then you get an idea for a big move An armed robbery... - smooth But everything went wrong, somebody got shot You couldn't get away, the cops roll, you're popped And now you're locked, yo, lampin' on Death Row Society's fault? No Nobody put the crack into the pipe Nobody made you smoke off your life You thought that you could do dope and still stay cool? Fool, you played yourself [Chorus: Ice-T w/ minor variations] You played yourself Ain't nobody else's fault You played yourself [King Tee] Yo, yo, yo, yo, what's up Aladdin? You think Ice-T's gonna like this mix? [DJ Aladdin] I think he'll like it, I think he'll like it [Outro: King Tee] Yo, yo, this is some hypes up You know what I'm sayin? Check this out, If you don't call this mix, then you want out mixed You know what I'm sayin? If all y'all rid out, you know what I'm sayin? You played yourself See y'all! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 2 Live Crew f/ Ice-T Album: The Real One Song: The Real One Typed by: urbanspacedude@excite.com Verse 1: Brother Marquis Only the realest can feel us, cap-peelers and killers Hundred-dollar billers and real niggas  Bitches with dime figures, telekenesis in my mind Make my diamonds shine, then I blind niggas Pussy punk perpatrators and playa haters - They can't fade us 'cause we two of the greatest Back out to let 'em have it, fake fucks and faggots Bow down in the presence of players and kiss the karats A wrist full of (?) for all the maggots Back up and get embarrassed, bitch, get off my carriage Uncut, no lactose, hear the raw dose Straight off the key, 100% G Who's puttin' it down on Miami's behalf Home of the nickel (?) and the raw half Everywhere we go, the impression's felt The real is stamped on the bag and the dope is dealt Chorus (2x): Gat in the back, sunroof top, Real one on the scene with the gangsta lean [The real one! Huh? Whut? The real one! Huh, nigga whut?] Verse 2: Ice-T It's '98, playa, check your game Make sure them young boys respect your name Keep your heed at arms, reached, cocked and ready 'Cause the streets'll catch you slippin' and rock you steady Watch your back with your homies that you feel is real Your homeboys from your crew, yeah, they're the ones who do Yeah, the suckas that got the playa hater venom, I wanna take 'em outside and lay slugs up in 'em But that's trippin', and that ain't my sport I'd rather lamp up my cirb and flip to rob a port I sip my v-dozen on the street, bump my beats When I'm twistin' my dub, can't nobody compete (Imagine this) Hundred-g Lex on your wrist (Imagine this) About 10 karats on your fist (Imagine this) All dime hoes on your list Huh, that shit would be nice, but your name ain't Ice (Nigga trip) And screw the style and so on, rock you softly How you gonna step to me, kid, you grew up off me TV, movies and records and tours So many buses in Versace I don't wear it no more Called my nigga in Miami, "Marquis, wussup?" He said, "Playa, chop some game on this bubblin' cut!" I said, "Shoot me the track, or you can come too, Or if y'all wanna ball in Cali, I'll fly in your whole Crew." Chorus Verse 3: Brother Marquis I'ma stay in the field, on a quest for the mil's And try to keep it real till I die or get killed So I can sit back and kick it, write my own ticket And live this lavish lifestyle of trickin' and big-dickin' Seein' that the West and the South's connected Formulatin', plottin' game to perfection Down with the Syndicate, bossin' new tennis shit Crimes cold defended, get caught, do the sin There's politickin' in the 600, drunk and blunted That's how we front it, but you don't wanna run up on it Inside the club packin', actin',  Got my bitch at home c-sackin', got my ones stackin' Parlay, playin' diamond link, cubin' cable Baddest bitches in the stable, mo' money on the table I'm back in the game to show 'em how it's done Ice-T and Marquis, you're fuckin' with the real one! Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 2Pac f/ Ice Cube, Ice-T Album: Strictly For My N.I.G.G.A.Z. Song: Last Wordz Typed by: OHHLA.com Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house the nigga you love to hate Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house the nigga you love to hate Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house the nigga you love to hate Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house the nigga you love to hate [ICE CUBE] Yo, here comes the nigga with the ruff, terror the paranoid, gots to get the boy Get your steel cuz I feel like a headbanger Yah, I got a gang of shits, styles guns my uzzie wieghts a mutha-fuckin' ton bucking down one, bucking down two, bucking down your crew, mutha fuck you Pigs were blue, I where black, nothing but black Cause god damn its a brand new payback Fuck Pat Sajak, never did nothing for a nigga on tha trigga the zigga the zag the nickel the bag the nigga the sag the forty five mag. got you runnin' like a fag So, keep your mutha-fuckin' jokes Cuz, I'm that nigga with a fresh pair of locs No yokes but smokes Crakers and them dirty mackers friends aren't jackers get yah for your drawers, young niggas out to kill for cars Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house [Ice T] O to the mutha fuckin G I break crazy a lot of niggas hate me but they can't fade me Stop me clock me cops wanna glock me mutha fuck mutha fuck pigs can't stop me UHH, am I a G, I got proof Banged in my youth, keep niggas on the roof with a scope, dough, Cube keep the rope Tupac string a nigga up [?Hit the mob dope?] So whats up Punk You want what I got step to me wrong fuck around and get shot Your moms crying fuck her bust her Bitch start screaming to me and I'll dust her Pops got the LP phat, track on hit Laid by the mutha fuckin' Bobcat Ninety three suckas want me to go out Throw the hoe out, bitch mutha fucker I'm rich Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house Got any last wordz [Tupac] Now they're after me, why? cuz a niggas black Sit back Ain't afraid to pull a triggar back Let 'em come step to a real mutha-fucker [Boom, Boom] Mama ain't raised no suckers Dan Quayle, don't you know you need to get your ass kicked Where was you when there was niggas in the caskets? Mutha-fucker rednecks all the same Feel a real nigga if he ain't balled and chained That's why we burn shit and wreck Cause the punk police ain't learned shit yet You mutha-fuckas gonna pay the price Can't make a Black life, don't take a Black life It's on, the next real nigga fall dead Dred, jheri curl, process, or bald head Be prepared for the smoke to bust What niggas need to do is start loc'in up United we stand divided we fall They can shoot one nigga But they can't take us alll  Let's get along with the Mexicans And we can all have peace on the sets again Imagine that if it took place [ha ha ha] Keeping the smile off their white fakes I ain't racist but lets trade places Trace the hate 'n face it  One nigga teach two niggas three teach four niggas And them niggas teach more niggas And when we blast  That'll be the biggest blast you've heard And them is my last wordz Artist: Aki-La f/ Ice-T * Album: Living on My Rough Street Song: City of Angels Typed by: corichan.com (Original/Japanese), no1wammy@hotmail.com * Ice-T does NOT rap in this song [Ice-T {Aki-La in background}] Yeah Yo, welcome to the city of Los Angeles Westside Coldest, fastest city on the face of the map South Central L.A. I know you from out of town, but Just snuggle up next to me We gon' go for a ride all around (All y'all out there, listenin') Round and round (I got you) See the sights, see the lights, it's Ice-T tonight, baby Now I know you from Japan (That's right) And Aki-la, you know I know this city Aki-la, you know you down Like drugs Violence Gang bangin' and drama It's real Get ya crazy out here at times A lot of people die Lot of people wanna know why, but hey That's Los Angeles {Come with us} Call it City Of Angels {If you have a dangerous mind} [Verse 1: Aki-La] I'm used to chilling, baby In a middle of the big city Time after time Nothing changed Here in L.A. I have been looking for somewhere I have been searching for someone Blow my pride Chorus: Aki-la I came here to see real street in L.A. I fly 5000 miles away from J to Party with fly guy, player Ice-T Come and take me I am ready for the west side [Repeat Chorus] [Aki-La] Round and round and round and round and round and round [Ice-T] You rollin' with Iceberg, to fine the love in the game (Verse 2) [Aki-La] I was waiting, baby To get sweat on my body with you For this party cruse Here in L.A. If you know, who you are Come over, join with us We cruise Hollywood To feel real life Vibe so slow I have been Looking for [Ice-T] And I've been looking for you, baby The coldest girl in all of Japan Me and you, baby, it's gonna be big Aki-La and Ice Man You know that's fly Come on [Aki-La] I have been searching for [Ice-T] And I've been searching for you all of my life [Aki-La] Ikitsuku tokoro Out of control [Repeat Chorus] Twice Bridge: Aki-La Round and round and round and round and round Miageta sora Itsumo hiroku Todokanu yume ga unda tameiki Ten to deru ka chi to deru ka futta Daisu ni kakeru yukisaki Livin in L.A. Like a super star You never know Don't know, no, no [Ice-T] Ice, baby [Aki-La] Mmm, don't know, no, no [Repeat Chorus] Twice [Aki-La] I came here to see real street in L.A. [Ice-T] And I'm ready for you [Aki-La] I came here to see real street in L.A. [Ice-T] We gon' make so much money, it's gon' be crazy, large like an oil barge [Repeat Chorus] [Ice-T (Aki-La in background)] Snuggle up close to me, you gon' be okay It's where I'm from (Ready for the westside) B.B.R.I. Round and round Yeah, we goin' round and round Yeah (Ready for the westside) Let's put up the vibe It's gon' be okay Talkin' crazy Having money All them lowriders out there, y'all know she's fly You wish she was in the front seat with you (Ready for the westside...) Dippin' the switches The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Analog Brothers Album: Pimp to Eat Song: Analog Brothers Intro Typed by: WakMasterA@aol.com (Jumbled talking) Whiteys, Niggaz, Blacks, Crackas Jews, Latinos, Pimps, playas, and hustlers The Analog Brothers (Silver Synth) Wild scannin the technological rhythm laser vibo meter  Connected into the time laps per metric spectrometer You witness landscapes of lyrics at a helio-optic compression Rate of written symmetrics for power profits fit shifting And any tririledium composition recorded today Silv Synth the rhythm laser, analog brother We intake on internet systems as if focus right D2 12 equalizer Per 101 frequency To surround sound the performance you click to many express With 16 presets, connect the Mac or PC now plug and play The electronic interface barrier boogie supplier on a 128 channels With reliable software, baby Analog brother, numero uno Silver Synth, y'all, give it up for Silver Synth Now exciting my vortex Mark Moog to your tube (Mark Moog) 7000 horsepower racing machine erasing your dream To be the sickest, MC's you fulla politics with a gimmick Fans, they wanna melate my space lyric, I take your brain to the space limit Wait a second, I'll be done in one New York minute You get the middle digit production small figured out in 3 seconds You never listen MC's be runnin they fuckin mouth I start checkin The truth is, you useless Adolescents tryin to run a dull rap cars They crash and now they shit in my garbage barge Mark Moog outlaw at large, thought you all stay large 5 dollar sacks to keep my head cloudy Meet all mainframes, shut down your aimframe with brain waves CD-Rom strange days make you see me Thats right Mark, yeah Mark Moog Give it up for Mark Moog, y'all, give it up give it up Now exiting the vortex Ice Oscillator, enter your tube (Ice-T) Mister Mister, hellmost, Oscillator Check your data, calculate your loss the crime boss The overlord, documented with more flows and tramp hoes Everyone knows digital blows, watch the flying elbows And he goes the prime analog brother here to trungate  As I oscillate subtones rooms vibrate, hoes gyrate Eeries pulsate, analog fate destruct and conduct a new click track Ya hearda that? Bring that beat back, mattera fact delete the whole track Where's my fuckin Roland at? 808 destort the kick Its 6 in the morning, you're on my motherfuckin dick Analog fan the conspiracy, ya hearda me? This machine does not read simpty, that beats feed me Cassette not cd, believe me microphone pultrates, speedy So far ahead we're behind you, analog brothers, we design you Need I remind you, techinal eclipse don't look we will blind you Oh shit that was dope, Oscillator Ice y'all Give it up for Oscillator Ice y'all c'mon now Now exiting his vortex Keith Korg enter your tube And here he is, man where's Keith? (Kool Keith) Keith Korg, mad vocalist, spittin from the key like San Antonio Spurs George Gervin girls start to wet me, how I'm servin Through this comic book skit, pissed on I'm not Jerry Lewis green man, Calvin Murphy, point guard With shooting range like Kelly Tripucka My testicles connected to a bazooka Dangerous criteria, we mess up your whole rectal interior Stack nature digestive system with a Puerto Rican switchblade That penetrate afros and braids, green man, the board is foreman Fuckin call me Norman when I urinate out the window You're shaufferin the doorman My penis gets hard, I ejactulate with the products mastered Tyrants got the seat I can see my soul jerkin off in the swap meet To a soon album and comin 3-D say I'm cooked out With a buncha reals, ampex and the graveyard My dick stay hard, 4000 mega Hallucinatin gorillas froze and serve em, Vega's ultimate warrior Enok Walkin up like the lost in space robot (Rex Roland JX3P) And I'm Rex Roland The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Analog Brothers Album: Pimp to Eat Song: More Freaks Typed by: WakMasterA@aol.com (Ice-T) Know what I need right now? I need a bitch to suck my dick And just leave and not say shit Do what she supposed to do Ice the Oscillator, nextel motorolla, skypager 12 gauger, pimp ya bitch out major Fade ya while you're budded I'm flooded IC Pov-aid out You're rhyme's played out, your wife stayed out Fuckin duckin niggaz like me the P-I-M-P, Ice the T Smack your bitch until the motherfuckin year 2G History's been written half my fuckin shits been biten So I reintroduce another loop in the noose There's more freak to fuck, but I ain't fuckin no more I make a high-class bitch, into a low price hoe Really doe, oscillation is whore up instration art of war Baby strap it on and hit that nigga raw Let him know, you's a freak but he's a fuckin hoe Then report to a pimp, hit my pager, triple-O Don't lose your flow, meet me in the Denny's, in the back row Eatin grand slams bitch like I give a damn, mo' freaks Second thought, what I really need right now Is a bitch to come over here and let me go up In her motherfuckin asshole, raw dog style, yeah Bust nuts all on her butt cheeks (CHORUS) Now we switch the penal code, mo freakmode Super semen unload, and run that bitch-ass like bar codes Now we switch the penal code, mo freakmode Super semen unload, and run that bitch-ass like bar codes "Y'all niggaz ain't shit, fuck you niggaz, analog brothers, fuck y'all" (Kool Keith) Maxin in the splash jacuzzi analog man with bathrobes Sniffin 8 grams a coke up my nose With Calvin Klein boxer shorts, watchin wide world of sports With no remorse Usin Ivory soap in the back of the century club Jerkin off mode slash naked service Watchin G strings at one of the Minnesota Twins birthday party Why should I run hardy with a female with a wig combed back Ejactulatin 112, while I pull 3 packs of condoms off the shelf With my finger stuck up in the girls butt That look like Mary J. pretty ass hole On a tour bus, followin Dru Hill With some fine bitches takin birth control pills Room in the Radisson hotel with Jennifer Lopez With thongs, swingin my fuckin doorbell With her hair, ass showin Anal penetration dark spot in the back with lights in the front Of my cock, hit the guest list from the side With fallopian tubes showin access, from the side Vanerial protector automatic selector Verbal butt taster with vanilla flavor Between Lisa Ray's butt cheeks, astronomical kodak flashes Showin ya girlfriends with dark brown chocolate tight asses Keith Korg, stucked your girlfriend in the back of the ass crack You's the diaper with a service sword Thats right, got arrested for undecent exposure Walkin in the mourge, now they sent her with a dog strap (CHORUS) "Fuck them analog niggaz, them niggaz had me and my girls  Come over there to dance, them niggaz didn't have no money All they wanted to do is fuck, them niggaz ain't shit Them niggaz is broke, fuck them niggaz, them niggaz is bitches" (Mark Moog) Sexed out psycho sections with the head work Prissy blondes get they shit work Sex offenders who remember masturbation cold in the winter Street corner pervert, get ya swallow off they shoe missles in they mouth Till they coughin, nobody's smellin who's fuckin them Nicco sweets Silk sheets Moog mentality, put the dick in your bitch violently Late night playa missions strip club stealth position Hotel suites be dark, used condoms in the bathroom park I'mma freak ya mama don't know what happened after midnight Soundly gonna blow right, mentally in a back door, Hollywood flip you Now you're a whore, headward blooded out perverted still comin out Alley ways, back stairways bitches tied up, sized up, police follow me Analog lead ya girl bikini collections dangerous erections Find me in the triple X fuckin section 1, 2 I'm in the strip club with a condom on my dick (CHORUS) Analog brothers, 99 and then some More freaks More freaks The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ant Banks f/ Ice-T Album: Big Thangs  Song: Gamblin' Wit Ice-T  Typed by: Dy_face@hotmail.com [Ice-T] yo, What's up player this is Ice-T, now you know Ant I wish I could be there baby representin' with you, on this Big Thangs Album man but right now, I'ma outta here on these Gamblin' we got in the Mediterranean man we just floatin' man  I'm up in them about 18.2 and the dice is hottin' you know, a real player like me  ain't gonna let these mothafuckers cool off man  I got to keep shakin' and rollin' and you do the same god damn thing nigga  don't let this game cool off this is going out to the real niggaz now Ant, don't worry about them player hatin' bitches faggot-Ass-niggaz out there they ain't never gonna have nothin' you know what I'm sayin' there always gonna be me how I do the real pimpin' to a player like yourself don't worry about them niggaz man  step over them niggaz, you know what I'm sayin' no need to fuck up your shoes steppin' on them this is Ice-T, I'm up outta here like I'm stole somethin' Seven, God damn, I'm loosin' the Section I'm out, I'm breakin' out, Awwww shit give me my money, give this bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Uhuru f/ Ice-T Album: Iron Storm Song: Tip of the Iceberg Typed by: westupsouthdown@yahoo.com [Black Uhuru] Radio TV news, Crying of a nation Drugs and child abuse, We say evil rules Famine, Winds of war, Eternal pollution What it's all been for, Where it's leading to Wake up people now, Show you've got some fire We have everything, Everything to lose Don't let evil win, Vanity desire Show them what is good, Show them what is true [Chorus: Black Uhuru] Tip of the iceberg The laws of man design our future Tip of the iceberg It's S-O-S earth in distress Tip of the iceberg This old new message can't be clearer Tip of the iceberg The roll of man called to the test [Black Uhuru] Goodness, Helpfulness, These should be remembered History regret, Nothing we can do Living laws of man, Walking on a wire Clean up time is here, Long it's overdue Now we count to ten, Live our lives together We all play a part in this puzzle too [Chorus: Black Uhuru] [Black Uhuru] Vision how this world would be, With universal love Respecting the true right of everyone Feed the hungry, Help the poor Free the people, We want more [Ice-T] Peace, An interesting concept A dream world, Where no souls are swept Under the rug, Just brotherly love That's why I pray to the heavens above That someday somewhere we will learn to care Cause if we don't, Then we should prepare For certain destruction of this earth we live People take, But we must learn to give Black man, White man, Yellow man, Red man Must understand, The race is hu-man The earth is ours, The air we all must breathe Every mountain, Each and every sea Share, Care, The answer's in there And if not, We gonna live out a nightmare As I speak on the streets, Gunshots are heard It's just the tip of the iceberg [Chorus: Black Uhuru] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brotha Lynch Hung f/ First Degree, Ice-T Album: Loaded Song: Secondz A Way Typed by: Raneforezt@AOL.com (First Degree): Shit done changed, the strip got bigger To make my ends I got the wheel and the trigger I get my swerve on with the 80 P liquor The liquor bring out the nigga in this nigga Got me huntin' with my musket, barred down with substance Bringin' my ruckus to the rival fuckas in rival clusters I'm still givin' birth to perfect joints, I keep it steady Still mixin' up with skeet sours, I like them heavy Heavy'll put a little bass in your voice Yamps choice, no Rolls Royce but I keep it moist I keep it saucy, ya bossy bitch talkin' that costly shit Bossy bitch think she too flossy to trip I'm First muthafuckin' Degree, not your average,  I'll have your boulevard hoppin' Poppin' off when a baller pack a package of suckin' Fuck you fuckin' up duck, stuck like Chuck, now, now getcha dome in the trunk As we donut, I dump, I seen too many moons, took the minds of too many bufoons Fools with no clues that love to watch my aura glisten,  they still don't listen I...I got pot that's hot to trot, can't stop, won't stop I got Lynch Hung in my backseat sniffin' for cops I receipts of tweed purchase, medical purpose, write off at text time So ya'll go home, light the smoke, it's relax time Chorus: Now I apologize for smoke on my mind I been workin' hard and I got to unwind About the J.O.A. stayin' in my brain But I'm seconds away from goin' insane Now I need to lift away (Lynch): Now you niggas know I come sick like a lunatic Man, they must be high cuz they really don't know who they fuckin' with I used to have them all bombed out Drink Alize wine, then rhyme and smoke tweeds till we dropped out I got the chop out, no doubt,  cuz if it ain't about rappin', gunplay's gon' happen Cuz I'm tappin' at yo' window, off that Indo, more sacs than Santana Better check your antenna on your radio or your stereo or your video Cuz I'm not that pretty, but in the bedroom I'm critical You got your chance, now use Hit you with the Loaded album, coutesty of Siccmade Music Evidently you got something against me Don't you tempt me, minty smells of the 20 sac of Indo, Killafornia's best Player haters die a slow death, slow death CHORUS (Ice-T): I don't wear no Chuck Taylors and don't sag my pants But I still lift the switch and make this 64 dance More niggas with me now than I had in the hood And they down for whatever and that's all to the good Wish you would test my technique and heart, nigga what? Nigga, fuck that, bitch nigga what? Baby, duck! What you wanna do now, ya bleedin' from the floor Nigga wanted beef, now he wants beef no more That's how I'm coming 9-6, bitch, rich and mad Hoes in bikinis, rag Lambroginis, overseer runnin' mad streets Creepers with beepers and stash spots for glocks And under car Escobar style, buck wild, you been there, you know the terrain Niggas go insane, tryin' to get the green I'm just surviving on the streets with my peeps And I'm livin' for the day I catch a punk on the creep, yeah CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Caz f/ Ice-T, Layzie Bone Album: Thundadome Song: U a Thug? Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com * * send corrections to the typist [Layzie Bone] A to Z Steve Lo, ball around the motherfuckin' globe Nigga and you know how we do this here Nigga we do that there Pull up a chair, bitch [Layzie Bone] 2x Livin' legends in your presence Learn the lessings we stressin' It's all platinum We make it hot, hot, hot [Caz] You can call me, too sweet Knock a nigga on his back Penetentary six, I'm swingin' on the track Call me Bruno the Barge I'm livin' much too large Muscle hard, disregard before I pull your card Known to hauck hard, when I entered the spot Pull some Cott but funk twelve on the dot You think I'm not, here's the plot Hair layed, game played Back late at the Snootie Fox hittin' some Bray Ain't no reason to hate Nigga I ain't chosin' my fate I'm a pretty motherfucker Like a faggott wanna go straight So wait, and let these pretty niggas speak If you continue to doubt I'll pull your bitch before next week Nigga, Layzie, Caz, and Ice Make ya gonna return like Old Spice Nigga high, Yella's back in Well even' Mack-10 can join the club Even though he bangin' Blood This a pretty nigga clique Pock a stick and we dip [Chorus - Layzie Bone] Oh you a thug, you a thug, you a thug, nigga what So bust ya gun nigga, if you a thug, nigga what What the fuck, what the fuck, what the fuck, nigga what So throw it up nigga, cuz you know we gettin' crunk Throw it up, throw it up, throw it up, nigga what Don't press ya luck nigga, cuz you know we throw this up Nigga what, nigga what, nigga what, nigga what So bust ya gun nigga, if you a thug, nigga what [Layzie Bone] My nigga Caz gave me the gat, and you can believe I'ma blast Nigga I'ma smash and get this cash, makin' you niggas think fast Nigga at last, it's real shit, the type of shit we bring your way Caz, Layzie, and Ice-T and nigga we got them throw aways Go away haters, and the fake then had they time Nigga gone breakthrough with this rhyme Nigga I'll break you with this nine Nigga it's all about perfect timin', feel me Or 'til the Lord call me home And nigga you bet we still be, hustlin' tryin to get that dolla Holla, holla Swervin' in Impalas, and nigga we stay and heat 'em up Beat 'em up Caz, put your hands on these fools Take these fake ass niggas to school Show these fake ass niggas the rules Now you's fuck 'em, fuck 'em, buck 'em all (all, all, all) And nigga we see your ass at the mall And nigga we still ballin' Callin' these bitches, like "Hey ho, what up bitch" (sup be-atch) And they can't stand me But quick to give me the patties, guess the public demand me Understand we lookin' good nigga, and we dressed to impress Puttin' it down for the north, south, to the east, to the west [Ice-T] Who is the, gangsta rap inventor? Slam like the Lakers at the Staples Center Big pimp representer Half you motherfuckers mentha Knocked ya main bitch and bent her Left her with a baby in her I'm mainly known for endless funds, blastin' guns Boostin' bitches, cars with switches Known to rep the hardest city out on the west Known to break a bitch in an hour or less The indoor gun buster, the crowd mover Quick to bring the gravity to ya, with the 9 roover Reach out and touch ya with the chrome duster The pearl clutcher I started this shit and this the thanks I get You fake Killa niggas get no dap, play the back Don't O.G. me when you see, no eye contact Cuz you could find yourself layin' on your back Lookin' up at a blurry paramedic, Ice says [Layzie Bone] Throw it up, throw it up, throw it up, nigga what 	(Livin' legends in your presence 	Learn the lessings we stressin' 	It's all...) Nigga what, nigga what, nigga what, nigga what 	(Livin' legends in your presence 	Learn the lessings we stressin' 	It's all...) [Layzie Bone] 3x Livin' legends in your presence Learn the lessings we stressin' It's all platinum We make it hot, hot, hot [Layzie Bone talking] M-F-S, K How we do this there, we get that K That's right nigga (that's right) Layzie Bone (Layzie Bone) Ice-T (Ice-T) Pretty boys up in here With more toys than y'all, we hittin' switches, cockin' glocks And lettin' all y'all bitches know it don't stop Yea, yea, yea it's all plat.... We told you how them Yellow niggas was makin' a comeback The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Tomekk f/ Ice-T, Sandra, Trigger the Gambler Album: Beat of Life Song: Beat of Life Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro/Chorus: Sandra] Here comes switch to my soul I'm feeling, it's the beat of the life here comes switch to my soul I'm feeling, it's the beat of.. [Ice-T] No Drag call this Pop or Alternative Rock It's the beat from the streets and it's called Hip-Hop It'll be dimensional move shakes, yo, fight in the club it'll be dimensions: smoke and get drunk, the shit that you love guns in the club, the dresscode for niggaz that know Hip-Hop that's only black in music, it's 'bout gettin' the dough come with the flows, and every night fuckin' new hoes [Break] [Ice-T] Yeah, it's goin' down [Trigger] International [Ice-T] Big Iceberg, S.M.G. [Trigger] Trigga Da Gambler [Ice-T] DJ Tomekk, number 1 DJ On Earth, bitch It's Real, what now feel this we about to do some gangster rap [Duet Ice-T and Trigger the Gambler] [Trigger] It's slaughter, fuck whoever thought we couldn't bring it [Ice-T] We bring the ruckus everytime to all your punk motherfuckers [Trigger] Bring it on, word is bond and it only takes one to slip up [Ice-T] Never front nothin, but than niggaz gettin' ripped up [Trigger] Known for stick up, it's S.M.G. comin' [Ice-T] you niggaz bitchin' so much, you startin' sound like my EX-hummin' [Trigger] Hold Up, only real niggaz get down [Ice-T] Slaughter Down [Trigger] Slaughter Down [Ice-T] Slaughter Down [Trigger] Slaughter Down [Ice-T] Slaughter Down [Chorus: Sandra] Here comes switch to my soul I'm feeling, it's the beat of the life here comes switch to my soul I'm feeling, it's the beat of.. [Hook: Sandra] Everybody put your hands up "come on, come on" for the beat of life   "yeah, it's on, come on" I'm comin' from the hardrock "awww" I wanna see you die   "whay for? yeah, yeah, come on" Love, just Hip-Hop   "come on, come on" you stay alive for   "yeah, yeah, come on" just, lovely ass Hip-Hop  "come on, come on" you stay alive [Ice-T] I give a fuck about you rappers, I'ma stonecold shooter gangbanger, straight pimp, hoe recruiter When lookin' at me, it's obvious, my hobby is to come up movin' away illegally, takin' blocks strategically [Trigger the Gambler] I'ma shoot out beef wetter, racer cuttin' shreader drama treater, setter, more rappin' deader timble stomper, bomber, smoking live, drama Gambler's strapped down to the trigger heavy armour down and dirty, say your prayers it's the trigga nigga, they come... [Duet Ice-T and Trigger the Gambler] [Ice-T] glocks on cop [Trigger] and on my block to sell rocks we're big as nation [Ice-T] so move aside [Trigger] to load dumbbuck you dumbfuck [Ice-T] Can't get with this fly shit [Trigger] Then get it, get your brains stuck, who reigns supreme? [Ice-T] Trigga [Trigger] That's my name [Ice-T] And Who's the slickest? [Trigger] Ice Berg, ain't a damn thing changed [Ice-T] And Who are We? [Trigger] S.M.G. how we runnin' the streets [Ice-T] And DJ Tomekk [Trigger] You heard about him bangin' that heat [Ice-T] S.M.G. Baby [Trigger] Sex money and guns [Ice-T] S.M.G. Baby [Trigger] Sex money and guns [Ice-T] S.M.G. Baby [Trigger] Sex money and guns niggaz talk shit with no guns they act for it [Ice-T] we ever get broke with no funds, we blast for it [Trigger] Bitches out of pocket, goin' straight, get smacked for it [Ice-T] Ride up in the club while my niggaz give me gat for it [Trigger] Mack with the Mack, Black gat when we clap for it [Ice-T] Beef when we creep your all crew, can't take a nap for it [Trigger] Call me iced out, run out and tact for it [Ice-T] Lex chromed out, and stop like it jack for it [Chorus: Sandra] Here comes switch to my soul I'm feeling, it's the beat of the life here comes switch to my soul I'm feeling, it's the beat of.. [Outro: Sandra] Everybody put your hands up "come on, come on" for the beat of life   "yeah, it's on, come on" I'm comin' from the hardrock "awww" I wanna see you die   "whay for?" Love, just Hip-Hop   "come on, come on" you stay alive for   "yeah, yeah, come on" just, lovely ass Hip-Hop  "come on, come on" you stay alive    (*Echoes*) "it's on, it's on" Everybody put your hands up "come on, come on" for the beat of life   "yeah, it's on, come on" I'm comin' from the hardrock "awww" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Donald-D f/ Ice-T Album: Notorious Song: Lost in a Freestyle Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ Ice-T ] Yo, yo, Microphone King Donald-D in the house [ Donald-D ] Yo, what's up, Ice, my brother? [ Ice-T ] Yo, yo, coolin out, man This is a track Chilly-D laid, man? [ Donald-D } Word, this is real dope But you know, we gonna kick some real dope flavor [ Ice-T ] Yeah, when I hear a beat like this, man It just makes me wanna bust some freestyle rhymes [ Donald-D ] Well yo, bust it [ VERSE 1: Ice-T ] Yo bust it, I take the mic and I cuss it You say was it, necessary? Very I'm as cold as a stiff in a mortuary The Ice rock the rhymes extraordinary Profanity is just a part of my nature And for years and years I've made ya Bop to the funky beat, kick my rhymes in the street And when a biter bites my rhymes they're the tough meat Catch me slippin, no, I never sleep I got a posse full of killers that be runnin like a track meet You move, you miss, my hits are quick I write your name in blood on my Syndicate shitlist I'm not a dog, but I can dog the mike With me you don't get 3, you're gettin 1 strike Then sucker-duck, you're out, punk, hit the bench I toss you up, twist you like a ??? Stagger, daze ya, drop ya like a hot brick Your posse rolls, but none rolls this thick Dog-it Donald, call him Donald-D Dee on the mike, I'm Ice muthafuckin Tee Donald, kick it as this beat breaks wild Cause I'm lost in a freestyle [ VERSE 2: Donald-D ] I'm playin the back of the club, I'm the audience Tellin Ice-T there's evidence Out on stage when they turn the jam up The candy rap rapper can't help but clam up Sit back, relax, kick off your shoes Let me, the Dee light up your fuse On the mellow tip, get a quart, get ripped Or with your girl champagne you sip Cause every fellow wants to get mellow With a girl whose butt shakes like jell-o In bikers gear, yo, be sincere Or your girlfriend would have to steer Her way into the path of the mike pro On the mellow tip, yo bro, take it slow Cause I'm like a vulture lurkin if you're jerkin In other words, if your rap ain't workin No more, I'll take her on tour And a world of passion that's mellow and raw Straight up, while you wait up, she put the plate up Your dinner, boy, Donald-D just ate up Syndicate Sniper will never smile Cause I'm lost in a freestyle [ VERSE 3: Ice-T ] Yo Dee, I like to rap every time I hear a dope track Pad and pen - and then my wrist reacts It starts movin as the ink lays a deadly trail Press the records, then read the fanmail I love loungin on a beat that's the hype type And then I hit it head-on, I never sideswipe Rocki and break, I'm the studio one-take Sucker wanna battle, I make him sweat a lake I'm not lazy, though, I lamp in a amplified mode Light the fuse, run, cause I'ma explode I kick it how I'm kickin cause I love to kick Rhymes, dope lyrics to the drop of the drum stick On and on,, then I pause for the 1-2 (Hit it)...and then I'm back at you Feelin the groove, makin you move, go wild Cause I'm lost in a freestyle [ VERSE 4: Donald-D ] I do brew with my crew, pull a microphone Had shown on my own, my clientele's grown Rock the house with the clout, but there's no doubt My rhymes quality make rappers scout My style profile, girls do go wild When they name ain't rated at the top of the pile Take it hard at the start, but if you're smart You would roll away like a shopping cart I'm the king, rap dean, got my own A-Team The females do gather when I'm on the scene At a club, on the street when I'm rockin to the beat The cuties and the beauties and the freaky freaks Are there everywhere, but I don't care If you stare or compare me with savoir-faire You will like on a mike how I rock it right In a night on down to the daylight I'm the Dee, can't you see, rockin with Ice-T You will never find two devasted MC's Illin on the mike as the girls go wild Cause we're lost in a freestyle [ VERSE 5: Ice-T ] Coolin with my posse on a hot summer Saturday night Girls skeezin, I call em parasites Schemin on my homies with the big gold ropes Money-hungry bitches, they get my beat-down votes No, not me, they don't talk, cause they know I know Ice can read their minds, I can smell a hoe No baby, don't come talk that pay-me bull Ease back while your dentist still got teeth to pull I ain't no beater, but I love to put a freak in check Go get a job, girl, get some self-respect Stop jockin niggas cause they got fly things Go to school, baby, buy your own rings Yo Dee, I'm really sorry if I broke wild But I'm lost in this freestyle [ VERSE 6: Donald-D ] I'm a pimp with a limp, Sniper who's hyper Bitch, I ain't buyin your baby no diapers I'm too cool, I'm too calm... [ Ice-T ] Yo, yo, yo, Don, Don, Don, Don! [ Donald-D ] Yo, what's up with that, man? [ Ice-T ] Yo man, we're goin overtime, man [ Donald-D ] Aw man! [ Ice-T ] We got to end the song right here, man The song's already five minutes, man [ Donald-D ] I wanna rock, man, come on... [ Ice-T ] Yo, yo, you know what happened, man? You know what happened, homes? [ Donald-D ] What's up, what's up? [ Ice-T ] We got lost in a freestyle... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Donald-D Album: Notorious Song: Syndicate Posse * Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ * originallly released as 'Outlaw' minus chorus and outro ] I am the Syndicate Sniper Microphone King Donald-D, boyee On a no-sell-out mission [ VERSE 1 ] When I rap on wax, everything is hardcore People say I'm lethal, that's why I'm a outlaw Stand in my command, I got the mind of a wizard Don't ask who is it, I'm payin a visit To suckers who suck, lollypops get popped I am above the law, I control the cops They say hey diddle-diddle, I don't play a fiddle It ain't the same old, same old or some silly rap riddle For the rap fanatic who never panic When it's showtime everything is dramatic I'm the modest, the hardest, rappin rap artist Peekin and seekin my own love goddess If she hot like a volcano, I strike like a torpedo Sting like a mosquito, I'm not incognito For the Pope or the Pres, homeboys or celebs All you knuckleheads or the ones with dreads [ CHORUS ] (Syndicate Posse got suckers on the run)	(3x) [ Ice-T ] While your crew's on take Donald-D break [ VERSE 2 ] The beat is dope, so Donald-D explode While you're complainin I'm reignin on another episode I'm the one to portray, I'm your protégé D disobey rappers' resumes You stand there and stare and just can't bear To see a man in your land become a millionaire Without robbin, I'm no gangster lean My record, go check it, is crystal clean Supreme, I'm super, not souped up, I'm strong To make you move to the groove of a Double D song Wrong, no, I wasn't for speaking my piece Now that I am solo, the energy will increase On those who slept, who tried to step on my rep But now you better acceept The intrusion, look again, no illusion Got your mind in a state of confusion [ CHORUS ] [ VERSE 3 ] You want slick? Well, I'm slicker than your favorite grease When I release a devastatin masterpiece That's not borin, it keeps you floorin, you won't cease With Donald D the Microphone King, Beast of the East It ain't Simple Simon, y'all, what I rock ain't simple Girl, you got dimples, but a face full of dimples I'm a tiger, not Tigger, ignite this trigger A crowd in a frenzy, I'm a bad nigga, nigga, nigga I'm the single, singular, solo soloist Life is a gamble, so I took a risk The knowledge that I learned wasn't learned in college A degree doesn't mean the cash flow will be in your wallet Keep steppin while the D is peppin Them up to the utmost, the microphone is my weapon There's no let-up, let me speak my piece Cause Donald-D is sharper than a permanent crease [ CHORUS ] [ VERSE 4 ] We bumrush your city like a 18-wheel tractor We're real rap stars while others are actors On your behalf you put my photograph On your wall, you pull on my phonograph My archrival wasn't a survivor In russian roulette, Donald-D's arrival Was bigger than the Pope comin to New York Bring out the champagne and pop the cork While you rappers are applyin to be my clients I teach rap science, I'm the rap giant On a high power mission to get the recognition The word terminator's the best definition To describe the tribe who don't take bribes From suckers MC's to be on our side We're the boss of course, the force who toss Before the battle you rattled, so take a loss [ CHORUS ] [ OUTRO: Ice-T ] Yo yo, Don, you know what I'm sayin, man? Syndicate ain't takin no shorts out there, boy, yaknowmsayin? All these suckers sellin out left and right, yaknowmsayin? They on the take, boy But Donald-D is down with the Syndicate, the Sniper In full effect We takin no hostages Blowin up like napalm My man Donald-D, don't mess with him This is Ice-T talkin to you, fool What do you think this is, boy? You think this is some kind of game? This is Rhyme Syndicate '89, blowin up Killin fools out there, boy We ain't takin no muthafuckin prisoners Donald-D, break, goddamn it, I'm tired of this bullshit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drunken Master f/ Ice-T Album: Drunkenstyle Song: We Be Fuckin' Typed by: Mad_Dawg_2020@yahoo.com [Woman orgsaming] "Oh, Dre... oh, daddy, PLEASE!" [Drunken Master while orgasam above is repeated] "Uh, Drunken Master- Yeah, yeah- '99, We Be Fuckin' Wha-wha? Remix- WE BE FUCKIN'! It's goin' down- Like that? WE BE FUCKIN', WE BE FUCKIN', WE BE FUCKIN', WE BE... WE BE FUCKIN'! WE BE FUCKIN'! Uh, yeah- Check it out, wha? Wha-wha?!" [Drunken Master] On the 'Lac, hoes don't know how to act I'm the mack, hittin' that thaaang from the back wit' a stack of rubbers wit' 'cha baby's mother workin' undercover like a motherfucker The only drunk hittin' skins in here wit' your daughter Got the bitch doin' shit she don't think she oughta Spread, eagled in the back of the Grand Charokee You know how us niggas be off the hennessy She been down wit' me since way back when Drunk off that henn- Blowin' in the wind Let me stick it in in the back of the truck Drunken Master's ready to fuck- Nigga, what?! We be fuckin'! Everbody likes when 'dem hoes suck somethin' to show they ain't frontin' Keep bumpin' 'cause Dre got 'ya fuckin' and suckin' like there ain't nothin' wrong Ya got it goin' on Ha, what? WE BE FUCKIN'! WE BE FUCKIN', WE BE FUCKIN', WE BE FUCKIN', WE BE FUCKIN'! Player style- Drunken Master WE BE FUCKIN', WE BE FUCKIN', WE BE FUCKIN'! Uh, yeah- Drunkenstyle '99- What? WE BE FUCKIN'! WE BE FUCKIN', WE BE FUCKIN', WHA-WHA?! Uh, yo We just left the key so what's up now?! Bitch, D-R-E, Double Tree 'bound Headed downtown Runnin' through these hoes like a crow 'Do you fuck wit'out a rubba?' Hellll no! You can hit the shower while I blaze up this bud Remember, if I call you a bitch, it's only love Dubs for all the girls up in this bitch especially the ones who be fuckin' and shit and suckin' my dick- You beggin' me to stick it in and when I bust a nut, she tryin' to get it stiff again Fuckin' me? I'm tryin' ta fuck her! She's puttin' in work, now watch her suck squirt ("Oh, shit") Show her to the car and don't get mad 'cause, baby, this is where we part Ya know Dre's in charge. ("Where ya goin'?") EASTSIIIIIDE, NIGGA! I'll meet you at the titty bar I love it when they take it off and break me off I love it when they take it off and break me off I love it when they take it off and break me off I love it when they take it off and break me off I love it when they take it off and break me off I love it when they take it off and break me off We be FUCKIN'! ("FUCKIN'! FUCKIN'...") "Drunken Master, '99 We Be Fuckin'! Whoo! Feelin' this" [Ice-T on a phone] "Yo, shut up! This is Ice-T All you bitches out there in Detroit betta bring me my mothafuckin' money when I see y'all Don't be frontin', I'll bust ya up, bitch- Yeah, straight up Drunken Master-style, I'm up outta here like I stole somethin' Peace" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: E-40 f/ Ice-T Album: The Ball Street Journal  Song: Earl  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  [Intro/Chorus: E-40 X2]  Ex D-Boy used to sell that girl Now, they know my name all across the world They say Earl, EARL!! They say Earl, EARL!! [Verse One: E-40] I'm from Vallejo, California, land of the homer Sides lost lives, politics and drama Over supersize, thump young in a hornya Watch out for that boy in the hoodie, man, he a monster Light a sucker up, fried buster like Chimichanga Somebody come scoop his ass, call a coroner I guess that's the way we bread Chemical babies mislead It's spooky out here in the Yay These goblins will get on your head These thundacat's management ain't scared to be deceased They always cover up they ears When I'm yelling and hollering out peace! They going through it, they cranky, stressed out and tense They starving, they hungry, they eating soup with chopsticks Plus, it's a shortage on purple, and it's a drought on them bricks So he'll go decide to do a kick door, and pull a few licks Some of them parents on drugs, some of them never been loved Some of them want to be thugs, some of them just need a hug [Chorus: E-40 X2]  [Verse Two: E-40] I'ma be around for a minute So get used to it, I was through with it Before most of you marshmallows knew want to do with it Pushing them zones, serving that drome Balling like I play hoop with it Never at home, always be gone Doing a show on the verse split Let it be known, I tote my chrome Refuse to get caught loose with it Looking down at my shoe with it, I'ma real baboon with it 40 over there slipping, he snoozing, he ain't wake He looking like a plate, he chipped up and draped You fuck niggaz got me fucked up, nigga, I'm a shooter Think about the consequences, nigga, I got gouda And niggaz with gouda will send a nigga, fuck a case Cause niggaz with gouda will have your whole family erased But that ain't something I endorse, I only wore it by force I'm trying to teach the youth to be loyal and play sports Instead of in and out of court And back and forth to prison, utilize they skills And stay up out the system [Chorus: E-40 X2]  [Hook: E-40 X2] I'm from Vallejo, California The land of the homer Sides lost lives, politics and drama Sides lost lives, politics and drama Sides lost lives, politics and drama [Outro: Ice-T] E-40 nigga, this ain't no motherfucking news to you, man This nigga been running the motherfucking Yay Running the motherfucking Bay for years now, nigga These niggaz don't play, this is Vallejo, California Nigga, you heard about it Iceberg, nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: E-A-Ski f/ Ice-T Album: Earthquake Song: Player Haters Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Ice-T] Yo, E-A-Ski man What's up with these jealous motherfuckers, man? These fuckers be hating man, these fucking fagots [Chorus: Ice-T X2] Player haters, you mad cause we got what you want We're having it nigga, and we're quick to flaunt But don't step to the Ice or the E-A-Ski Cause every one whose did it; is now R-I-P [Ice-T] What's the matter? - a nigga can't have nothing no more! Keep my strap in my lap when I flex my four Niggaz hawking; looking crazy cause my girl is so fly Niggaz hating on my Daytons, seem they want to die [E-A-Ski] Shit, a motherfucker has got my name in his mouth so it's on Still pack the chrome, got the P-220 at your dome I ain't no motherfucking joke when I bust Still cuff my nuts as I slang these slugs in your guts [Ice-T] Shit, I do got something to loose (What's that?) Crazy cash flow, alligator's shoes (Right!) Fast cars and boats, flowing mad C-Notes Haters catch a bullet and that's all she brought [E-A-Ski] CP Bannon will be the home of the haters A straight death ground Cause they're dead like the motherfucking Oakland Raiders Ain't no Life Support bitch, and when where we hit And clear these motherfucking haters off the Markland [Chorus: Ice-T X2] [Ice-T] Yo Ski, I heard them niggaz up in the bay be tripping, man I can't believe them niggaz be hating like that, man We're representing my nigga [E-A-Ski] It's the haters' Syndrome, so when you bend the.. Corner in your shit, have a stash box; for the fat glocks POP! any nigga that run up showing envy Many; motherfuckers just died on the Eastside It ain't no thing cause niggaz be coming short Hating on motherfuckers that was once broke like you So break bread motherfucker break this (*Gun Shots*) Too much hate just making more blacks statistic [Ice-T] Jealous motherfuckers just get straight up dip You're just mad cause a player hustled up a grip I didn't do nothing to ya, never even knew ya Step (*Gun Shot*) the *TEC-9 *rips right through ya You ain't no player, never was, never will be Talking all that pimp shit fool, you niggaz kill me Niggaz having games straight respect my name Fucking player haters, yo, you all the same [Chorus: Ice-T X2] [Skit:] Shit nigga, we blast if we have to in this motherfucker Ha ha ha, it ain't no thing to blast on a motherfucking hater Nigga don't love me! [E-A-Ski] Niggaz would turn a nice guy into a goddamn maniac Fully strapped, ready for combat nigga, I play a hate back You're talking shit but it don't making money though So therefore, yo, I bonafide taking whore I set up shot and still drop fat shit on ya Still claiming Eastside, Oakland California Motherfuckers still awaiting for my downfall Bump that, fuck all y'all [Ice-T] A lot of you niggaz are haters and don't know it See a nigga knocked a fly bitch and stitch You can't control what you're doing cause you're hating too deep Acting like you're not knowing how the fuck you sleep Damn! a true player can't never act like that I love to see a nigga weaving with his bang gold fat I love to see a nigga clowning with his crimeys and crew Ice can't never player hate that cause my game is too true [Chorus: Ice-T X2] [Ice-T] You know what I'm saying Ski? These motherfucking haters out there man They bet that; that beat ain't nothing man They're just be hating your car They're just be hating cause you got fly clothes They be hating themselves cause they can't knock a bitch Ain't my motherfucking fault, pussy motherfuckers Haters, they be hating man, you don't know man They're just be hating.. they're hating this jam right now Hating they didn't make it - Fuck them! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Everlast f/ Donald D, Ice-T Album: Forever Everlasting Song: The Rhythm Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (Rhythm is both the song's manical and it's demonic charge) (The rhythm)	--> Chuck D [ Diva ] Talkin bout the rhythm All we need is rhythm Talkin bout the rhythm All we need is rhythm [ Everlast ] I'm Everlast, born to be a Caucasian But it makes no difference what persuasion You are, as long as you know how to get up Get on the floor and start working a sweat up To a musical measure that makes you move Soon as the needle's dropped into the groove So get up and dance to the gift I'm givin Forget all your troubles, get into the rhythm (The rhythm)	--> Chuck D [ Diva ] Talkin bout the rhythm All we need is rhythm Talkin bout the rhythm All we need is rhythm (You make me feel so gorgeous) (What more can I say?) [ Donald D ] Yo yo, you know what the world needs We need (peace) (Keep their heads clapping) (The music just turns me on) (The rhythm)	--> Chuck D [ Diva ] Talkin bout the rhythm All we need is rhythm Talkin bout the rhythm All we need is rhythm [ Donald D ] You linger for the rap singer When Donald D brings the Party to the tilt my presence is worldwide You don't dance to this - that's suicide Put your hands into the air, I'm the MC cop The girlies are pipin hot Notorious rhymer is how I'm livin Don't step to me, step to the rhythm (The rhythm)	--> Chuck D [ Diva ] Talkin bout the rhythm All we need is rhythm Talkin bout the rhythm All we need is rhythm (You make me feel so gorgeous) [ Everlast ] And like I said before, the worlds need a lot more (unity) (Okay buddy - start playin) (The music just turns me on) (The rhythm)	--> Chuck D [ Diva ] Talkin bout the rhythm All we need is rhythm Talkin bout the rhythm All we need is rhythm [ Ice-T ] Listen to the track as it rolls, watch the mic as it glows The lethal weapon got you trapped inside a dance mode Ice-T is throwin words at you like dodge ball, y'all You gotta move or get hit, and if you're hit you fall No jokin, no boastin, no braggin Grip the mic like a .44 magnum Dust you off if you're suckers, I ain't You want me to write soft rhymes, I'm sorry, I can't I rock the rhythm (The rhythm)	--> Chuck D [ Diva ] Talkin bout the rhythm All we need is rhythm Talkin bout the rhythm All we need is rhythm (You make me feel so gorgeous) (I know you like the jam) (For the world to have total peace and unity we must first have) (Love) (Okay y'all, this is it) (The music just turns me on) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fredro Starr f/ Begetz, Ice-T, Mieva, Versatile Album: Firestarr Song: One Night Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com [Chorus 2X: Mieva] I don't want to love you I just wanna, fuck you One night, one night, just wanna fuck you [Begetz] Oh bitch you so fine, like a trampoline wit rocks you just shine Be a real bitch, let me hit it from behind Which bed you wanna climb, throwin lace and shit Just want the pussy one time, let 'em know I don't love 'em, I don't hate 'em neither Best way to describe Begetz, is the faithful cheater Ain't no rings on ya finger, is we fuckin or what? Pack a overnight bag, and still ya man trust Said "guns turn me on" she got a thing for rappers Gettin fucked in the ass, face stuck in the mattress Should of listened to Fire, every bitch is liar Ain't worth shit but a blunt and lighter, get high bitch [Versatile] I treat a bitch like a ho, cuz a ho's a bitch You know it's Other People's Money that be makin them trick They makin me sick, never stop suckin my dick Thinkin the nigga runnin tricks cuz he sit in a six I by Crys' just to spit on bitch Very Important Pimp, I know you hear that bitch You see this wrist? When the sky look like this, ya ass can skip A bitch will learn, first of all I don't pay for titties Know you man, gettin hed in a Range, in the city Hittin switches, while ya whole ass zip down my dickey Avoidin hickeys, I don't love ya hoes for nothin Smack a bitch, and you think I'm frontin, playa, trick [Chorus 2X] [Fredro Starr] Trick, what, lace who? I ain't Mase, boo Fire is a nigga that'll fuck you and tape you And show it to your face boo, not behind ya back And let you see how you gettin murdered from the back If it wasn't for the flicks would you be all on my dick When we fuckin, you let a nigga call you bitch When you suckin, will make you swallow all of my shit Should of "Treat You Like a Prostitute" and listened to Rick But the head got better, pussy got wetter Six months later, Begetz couldn't dead her But guess what? I keep that bitch broker than fuck Let her browse wit a cloud and started open her up I brought her out though, shoes, just to open her up It's coconuts, the way she sniff coke up the nuts You know the rules, keep 'em pretty, never cash in the hand That's what you get from a one night stand, don't move bitch [Chorus to end] [Ice-T] That's right bitch, don't move, this Ice-T bitch Now you got real trouble, you know what I'm sayin Fire let me holla at this ho Yo bitch, they told me if you knew better, you'd choose better You know? You think long, you think wrong The problem is bitch, you can't swing a slow bat at a fast pitch Fuck a nigga like me, you might get rich But it ain't gonna be all fun you step outta poppin one muthafuckin inch You better duck or run I really can't get mad at you for not recognizin this izzy Cuz if you ain't never had nothin how the fuck you supposed to get used to somethin The true root of the problem wit most of ya broke ass hoses You so muthafuckin used to losin you can't even figure out what ya fuckin, what Bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Guru f/ Ice-T, Suspectz Album: Baldhead Slick & Da Click Song: Underground Connections Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [*short movie sample*] [Chorus: Guru] We got underground connections, the best ones No stress son, come test son, you'll get done When you be stickin out your chest son Underground connections, the best ones Come test son, you'll get done So don't be stickin out your chest son [Ice-T] So many thugs niggaz rappin bout they saw me sellin crack again Catch me at the Hard Rock, ballin at the MGM Fuckin it all, I blow a million on craps Done spent a million on straps, so I'm heavily heated Never had a bitch on yo' dick kid, though I know you need it Mia keeps the mega hoes and hookers, you can't count the amount And kid them extra bitches in your video don't count I never lied on a record, I put that on my son If my niggaz caught me frontin, they've cut out my tongue Well connected baby bitch nigga, ya can't run far My riders know where the little and the big cribs are It ain't the funds ya got, but how long ya got it It ain't the guns ya got, but how much ya shot it I'll look you deep in your eyes like I ain't never done a record Step up all on ya bitch and have the hooker butt-nekkid With the "knock-the-tooth-out-nigga", "blow-the-roof-out-nigga" "Fuck-the-cops-with-thirty-men-and-shootout-nigga" If I was as hard as you sound, I'd be stuck deep in the hole Still when I mobs in the club, I have ya tuckin ya gold Grabbin ya hoes, lookin for emergency do's Endin the shows, bodies on the disco flo's [Sonny Blade] Yo, yo As far as it go, fuck with fams, it's kilos to grams The circumstance, the way it's goin down, accordin to plan This gangsta hit, pissed off, Bacardi and shit Run the streets, bodying shit, anybody you wit Thinkin I'm Gotti and shit, fuck with anyone of them bitches you wit Pushin a six-hundred, wrist flooded with chips For those that don't know G, this nigga Sonny keeps it funky I bet my life on it, you niggaz don't want it Spittin thirty-thirty, pushin J30's, you niggaz ain't worthy Across the county, my Suspect niggaz surround me Come off it - fuckin ya bitch, whoever's closest I know about the dru-dugs, safe behind the portrait Crazy bank, livin it up, to make an estate You ballin now, face down on the fuckin floor now Sonny Blade got this hits locked down for days I got the guns up, ready to run up startin my blaze [Older Don] Yo, Suspectz, lock down blocks, run up in spots Fuck the cops, swervin on a belt in the drop Bad bitch, rubbin my cock, one hand on the glock And I can't stop, won't stop, until I get it get it Done shitted, called beef and dealt wit it So forget it homes, Older Don is fully blown Southbeach, buggy-eyed Jag, sittin on chrome Freaked off, like the illest porn Pour heat, quick to swarm We can get it on from dusk 'til dawn Flows hot, your's lukewarm - Flex gonna drop the bomb See the tattoos ingraved in the arm, this shit is gangsta... [Guru] Underground rap king baby, word up, I'm here to reign Potential victims know my rep, they fear the pain Emcees think they runnin things cuz they wear the chains Still get third degree burns from the severe flames Ain't nuttin changed kid, I still walk with a bop While you wanna be punks, be lookin awkward a lot Cuz I make the spot hotter than the cops on your block Cuz some of y'all are worse than bitches, and be talkin a lot Cuz you still don't understand that I'm iller than y'all And it ain't just because I know more killers than y'all But because I know that half of y'all ain't willin to brawl See me, I'm quick to start it with you chicken-hearted Fake hustlers, phony gangsters, where'd you get your part at? Some flick that you watched, or some legend you swept Let's talk about some real shit, cuz there's paper to get Time to turn this respect into cash and major checks From NYC to Cali, flip the dough and invest With my Underground Connect, Iceberg pass the tec Only run with street soldiers and no pussy cadets Cop millinneum jewels and you still shop for bagettes Straight like that... ha Baldhead Slick.. Ice-T.. The Suspectz Underground Connections baby... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Insane Clown Posse f/ Ice-T Album: Psychopathics from Outer Space Song: Dead End Typed by: InsaneD420@aol.com The underworld watches in horror As this marks the day that 3 of America's most notorious outlaws Will be executed for their crimes Together the states of Michigan and California Will conduct the executions behind prison walls The 3 prisoners are set to be executed by 3 separate methods Electric chair, hanging, and firing squad Midnight tonight will mark the first execution Death waits in my cell I can smell him Somebody tell him that I still breathe, leave I'm alive I'll never see 25  Yet still I can feel, I'm real When it all happened I was in the lime light News, camera, gaven killer stamina Another year I'm here but forgotten Skin is rotting feeling old, cold Motherfucker in a robe gonna sentence me to die in a metal chair Fizzle my nut hair Bad enough I'll be dead Yet I'm tryin to figure out a way To keep my eyes from poppin out my head Oh they'll remember my ass Twitchin, with my eyes drippin down the glass Shaggy I think they're tryin to start a riot And then it's Ice T but he don't seem fazed by it I know the devil's waitin on me But does God like him playin his role in killin me though Lock me up until I die maybe But you can never tell  We might sharing a cell in hell Cause, my last request was Let my homies smoke my ashes and catch a Violent J buzz One more thing before you hit that switch Please tell my momma that I'm sorry, I never (Chorus x2) Dead end no escape from it Should've thought about that shit before you done it Why? I, never wanna die Don't nobody cry for me, it's only murder The lights dimmed in my cell block Cause all the power they got surged into one spot J's chair hear him screamin, fully loaded It was funny at first till his head exploded It's something else for me  Another kill just as wicked  But cheaper on the light bill It all starts with a thick rope Make a noose and I'm gone Stretch out my neck bone Minutes left I think about my brother When we was young... Wait I don't have a brother What the fuck? My minds in a tangle I wish somebody was here that I could strangle I keep waking up on the floor Cause I strangle myself but what the fuck for? Haha starin at the cracks on the walls Whistlin necks, fidgetin my balls Kill me it'll still all be the same Wicked clown juggalo phantom of the night train What if I drop, but don't die Tie weights to my legs  And give it another try Still coming think of something, I speak I'm not feelin so hot let's go for it next week Didn't work, I pulled down my collar At least they won't be hearin me holla My neck shut (Chorus x2) Dead end no escape from it Should've thought about that shit before you done it Why? I, never wanna die Don't nobody cry for me, it's only murder A bit past 1:30 a.m. now  And the 3rd prisoner slowly makes his way To the disignated spot on prison grounds Where he will be executed by way of firing squad I got seven bitches aiming at me My backs against the wall If I only had my strap then I could plug 'em all Watch 'em fall But they got my ass tied up behind this wall So the homies can't ride up Known killer in fact I killed the most At random though some of them I planned 'em Fuck it, I kicked your bucket for you, floor you Got more guns if there's more of ya War with the cops no prob  They shouldn't took the job Blow holes throught they heads like donuts Grown-ups, kids and girls Gather round and get gunned down I do it for the fun of it, adrenaline rush Coked up quick to bust  Plus I love my dust Gun son, watch the blood run son I'm on one, muthafuckas But check it this time I'll be the one dissected I can't wait to feel the heat when lead and flesh meets Bitter sweet baby, I been waiting for this Go straight to hell kick it with the rest of my clique Fuck a blindfold I wanna look 'em deep in they eyes So they can see the fool's face of a dog as he dies Plus I wanna see the muthafuckas squeeze I got a hot date with my soul mate Bust I can't wait (Chorus x4) Dead end no escape from it Should've thought about that shit before you done it Why? I, never wanna die Don't nobody cry for me, it's only murder Artist: Quincy Jones f/ Big Daddy Kane, Ice-T, Kool Moe Dee, Melle Mel Album: Back on the Block Song: Back on the Block Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ all ] Back Back on the block Back Back on the block Back, on the block, so we can rock With the soul, rhythm, blues, be bop and hip hop Back on the block Back on the block [ VERSE 1: Ice-T ] Ice-T, let me kick my credentials A young player, bred in South Central L.A., home of the bodybag You wanna die, wear the wrong color rag I used to walk in stores and yell: "Lay down!" You flinch an inch - AK spray down But I was lucky cause I never caught the hard time I was blessed with the skill to bust a dope rhyme All my homies died or caught the penzo Lost their diamonds, cops towed their Benzos Livin that life that we thought was it Fast lanin, but the car flipped I'm not gonna lie to ya, cause I don't lie I just kick thick game, some people say: why? Cause I'm back on the block, I got my life back So I school the fools about the fast track I get static from the style of my technique Profanity, the blatant way in which I speak But the Dude knows the streets ain't no kiddie game You don't know the Dude? Quincy's his first name He told me: "Ice, keep doin what you're doin, man Don't give a damn if the squares don't understand You let em tell you what to say and what to write Your whole career'll be over by tomorrow night Rap from your heart, and your heart's with the street Rap on my record, man, Kimiko, send Ice the beat" The Dude is def no doubt, what can I say? The man can roll with Ice-T or Michael J [ all ] Back Back on the block Back Back on the block Back, on the block, so we can rock With the soul, rhythm, blues, be bop and hip hop Back on the block Back on the block [ VERSE 2: Melle Mel ] I'm back, on the block, on the screen I'm on the wax, I'm on the stage, I'm on the scene I'm on the case, just like an attorney The Dude took me on a magic journey To dance in France, alone in Rome On the farmlands of Nebraska, the cold of Alaska The heat of the motherland To be with my brotherman On top of a snowcapped mountain I'm scoutin What another man saw in a race of people To see him give his life for the price of equal The highest wisdoms, the richest kingdoms The Song of Songs we heard David sing them He showed me me when I was young and hung out He showed me makin love, even showed me strung out He showed me poppin nines, standin on a rock But tears came to my eyes when he showed me my block [ Tevin Campbell (& Andrae Crouch Singers) ] Stokie's just Stokie, mama (Stokie's Stokie) And one by one each woman he kiss (He kiss her and she gon' fall in love) Stokie's just Stokie, you know? (Stokie's Stokie) Till someone shows that they care enough (Ain't nothin gonna bother Stokie much) Some say they can't take it no more (Comin here, comin here startin stuff) But Dude is back on duty fo' sho' (Back on the block to stay) They say he ain't gonna be with it (Comin back, comin back to the street) But Dude he know you'll never forget it (Back on the block to stay) [ VERSE 3: Big Daddy Kane ] Back up and give the brother room  To let poetry bloom to whom It may concern or consume As I reminisce before this The bliss that exist But now we brought about a twist Cause I remember of my people bleedin Put through slavery and killed for bravery We shoulda got our freedom much sooner You never seen a blackman on _The Honeymooners_ But now somehow we've learned to earn, to grow, to show The elevation of a people built is so Jesse Jackson, Miss America a black one No more livin for just a small fraction I was once told by the Dude that knowledge is a food To nourish, so to conclude This from an Asiatic descendant, Big Daddy is shocked Yo Q, we back on the block [ all ] Back Back on the block Back Back on the block Back, on the block, so we can rock With the soul, rhythm, blues, be bop and hip hop Back on the block Back on the block [ VERSE 4: Kool Moe Dee ] An everlasting omnipresence is my present State of being, seeing the unpleasant Sight of righteous souls live like peasants The mind stunts growth in adolescence My insight enables me to enlight The weakest of minds, and I put em in flight As I transcend, a-scend or de-scend Re-create, re-incarnate and re-send The powerful spirits of our ancestors For those that don't know how God blessed us Because man messed up, the media dressed up Lies perpetrated as truth, and it left us Confused, but I've seen it all before >From Babylon to the Third World War I'm more than a man, I'm more like an entity Back on the block, and this time my identity Is the Dude Ba-ba-ba-back on the Ba-back on Ba-ba-back on the block Ba-ba-back on Ba-ba-back on the block [ Tevin Campbell (& Andrae Crouch Singers) ] Stoki, ke Stoki, mai-bo (Stoki, Stoki) Wam babma, wam bamb'u mandisa (Wahm bamba wahm bamboo mandisa) (Stoki ke Stoki, mai-bo) (Stoki, Stoki) Wam babma, wam bamb'u mandisa (Wahm bamba wahm bamboo mandisa) M'yeke, yeke, yeke, wena (Kha'mye, kha'myeke wena) Yo khala, khala, khala, u mama (Yo khal'u mama khe) M'yeke, yeke, yeke, wena (Kha'mye, kha'myeke, wena) Yo khala, kha, 'yok 'shaya u baba (Yok shaya u baba khe) [ Rev. Jesse Jackson ] (Now I would - I would contend that ah - The rappers - rap is here to stay) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Dr. Dre, Ice-T Album: Thy Kingdom Come Song: Intro/Thy Kingdom Come  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro] owwwoww Damn (*Laughter*) give me that That means every.... Everybody in jail gotta lock it up (*Cell Block Locked*) [Dr. Dre] Aiy, dog! Like we always do about this time.. [Ice-T] Yeah, this Ice-T, nigga The L.A. player And right now, you are about to witness Some of the most impenitence, incredible, magnificent "yeah" pimpin, hustlin, playin' of all times I'm talkin about my nigga King Tee's LP, bitch Thy Kingdom Come This what you been waitin' on (*sample of Police Sirens*) this nigga ain't on his first Rolex "yeah" this nigga done hittin' switches and smackin bitches since day one Hoe, act like you know I could buy my self a Goddamn Space ship Fly all over you motherfuckers (*sample of Police Radio*) Just drop shit on you, like this King Tee's album motherfuckers "yeah" This is the motherfuckin real shit, bitch Thy Kingdom Come Nigga, this nigga done walkin on the water Pimpin, throwin' some hoes out of the movin' vechiles Goddamn, what the fuck you got to do? Do we got to bring the game to you on a motherfuckin silver platter? Do we got to enforce feed this shit into you? Or you just gonna sit back and listen to this L.P.? Nigga recognize, learn somethin' increase your wealth, learn how to knock a bitch This is the real shit Peep game, for real... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MC Ren f/ Ice-T, Master P, Rakim Album: Venom Media Presents: The Deal Show Soundtrack Song: The Deal Typed by: Dy_face@hotmail.Com [Hook: DJ Eric B scratching and cutting] gangster..gangster.. [Break: [Master P] what's up man, you got stuff? [Ice-T]  yeah, I know what you're talkin' about, I brought it with me      let me go and get it [Master P] yo, you got stuff? [Ice-T]  I got it right here man [Master P] well, I need to see it then [Ice-T]  yo man, check this stuff up [Master P] I see we do this deal [Ice-T]  I was ready to do this deal since we started [Master P] yeah, I'm ready to do the deal [Ice-T]  you got money for me? [Master P] aiy yo, count the money, and let's do this [Hook: DJ Eric B scratching and cutting] gangster..gangster, ugh [Verse 1: Duet MC Ren and Rakim] I was a fiend, before I became a teen I melted microphone instead of cones of ice cream Music orientated, so when Hip-Hop was originated Fitted like pieces of puzzles, complicated cause I grabbed the mic and try to say, " yes y'all!" They tried to take it, and say that I'm too small Cool, cause I don't get upset I kick a hole in the speaker, pull the plug, then I jet Back to the lab, without a mic to grab So then I add all the rhymes I had One after the other one, then I make another one To dis the opposite then ask if the brother's done I get a cravin' like I fiend for nicotine But I don't need a cigarette, know what I mean? I'm raging, ripping up the stage and Don't it sound amazing cause every rhyme is made and thought of, cause it's sort of an addiction, magnatized, by the mixin' Vocals, vocabulary, your verses, you're stuck in.. [Hook: DJ Eric B scratching and cutting] gangster..gangster.. [Outro] yeah, a gangsta Boogay production dircted by Silk the Shocker and written by Ice-T, starring by MC Ren the Ruthless Villain, my nigga Master P and Ice-T music by Eric B and Rakim, camera Father MC lightening Mellow man Ace, casting Choclair, Crew Checkmate and special thanks to C&C Music Factory, Snap, Rascalz and that bold guy from Midnight Oil, Dee-Lite and from the House of Pain we got Danny Boy Kenny Loggins, Culture Beat a Venom Media Film 2006 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Mobb Deep f/) Ice-T Album: Free Agents - The Murda Mixtape Song: This Is Not Supposed To Be Positive... (Intro) Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Ice-T] This is not supposed to be positive This music is negative, because the streets are negative You know; so.. in the records You're gonna hear violence, you're gonna hear aggressive behavior by individuals that lived that lifestyle out You know; that's why I tell them, it's not like Steven King Who makes a horror movie with a happy ending They don't have happy endings, it's a horror movie It's supposed to end horrible, you see! And this is what I do, so.. people that are gonna.. that did like me Are gonna be.. really shocked when they hear my new record Cause it's going to scare the shit out of people The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Motörhead w/ Ice-T, Whitfield Crane (Ugly Kid Joe) Album: Airheads Soundtrack Song: Born to Raise Hell Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Lemmy] Ah ma ma! Alright! [Lemmy] Listen up here, I'll make it quite clear I'm gonna put some boogie in your ear Shake and bop, don't you stop Dance like a maniac until you drop I don't mind.. I don't mind I can run a razor right up your spine What are you waiting for? What do you think you were created for? Show us you care, show us you dare You don't know what happened, not if you weren't there Born to raise hell! Born to raise hell! We know how to do it and we do it real well Born to raise hell! Born to raise hell! Voodoo medicine, cast my spell Born to raise hell! Born to raise hell! Play that guitar just like ringin a bell ...Take it or leave it! [Whitfield Crane] (everybody) Going for broke, rock 'til you choke (It don't matter if you drink or smoke) [Lemmy] Speak through the beat, get up on your feet (Sweatin like a hound dog, white as a sheet) [Ice-T] Don't you be scared, don't you be scared Everybody terrified, yo it don't seem fair [Lemmy] What are you waiting for? What do you think you were created for? Out of your seat, blind in the heat Do the nasty boogie mama, stomp your feet Born to raise hell! Born to raise hell! We know how to do it and we do it real well Born to raise hell! Born to raise hell! Go back to zero, take a pill and get well Born to raise hell! Born to raise hell! Be a good soldier and die where you fell ...It's your number!  {*guitar solo while Lemmy yells "Shut up!" and everything else in the background*} [Lemmy] Serve it back, give it back, give it back (Aw yeah!) Give it back, give it back, give it back (right) Give it back, give it back, give it back  Ohhhhhh STOP~! Born to raise hell! Born to raise hell! [Crane]: We know how to do it and we do it real well Born to raise hell! Born to raise hell! [Lemmy]: Go on out and boogie 'cause you never can tell Born to raise hell! Born to raise hell! [Ice-T]: Be a good soldier and DIE where you fell! Born to raise hell! Born to raise hell! [Everybody]: We know how to do it and we do it real well! {*Lemmy, Crane, and Ice-T yells and ad-libs in the background for the rest of the song*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Breeze, Candyman, Conscious Daughters, Ice-T, KAM, King Tee, Sir Mix-A-Lot, Threat Album: Where Are They Now? (Remix CD) Song: Where Are They Now? (West Coast Remix) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro] This is the Court DJ Exclusive.... [Nas]  Aiyyo, check it out This is Nas, is Hip-Hop dead or is it still alive? Ha ha ha, well, check it out Right about, I'm ridin' with my homies from the West Side West Coast ------> Showin' love West Coast ------> I asked where are they now? West Coast ------> 2007, they right here, here, here Where are they now? -----> KAM [Breeze]   Yo, it's time to rhyme, keep it in mind I'm gifted, with the script, the dough, the lift And if it's, rough enough to keep the crowd  Wonderin' Breeze and L.A. Posse, Where Are They Now? Still layin' in the land of the Palm Trees Warm breeze, sippin' on Don Pees, still chillin' with King TEE Snore on MCin, pass the CVs creen Gettin' money of the words I spit, yo, Still Gee-in'  Still the young somber, now, a nigga got a baby girl Tryin' to raise her right and guide her through this crazy world Still got a slow flow, and fast rap snow Swervin' twenty years, still gettin' asked about cheques Still, spittin' the truth, when I mention the youth On how they be professional, when they step in the booth And never coppin' the Mic, so you can hear me clear Nas wondered, yo, where are they now? I'm right here G [KAM]  Goddamn, that nigga KAM back on the scene With the O.G. west, on the same team Hittin' corners in a Six Trey Choverlet Rag-Top Impala, gettin' Dollars everyday For pushin' heavy Yay, through this Rap Shit Fuckin' with niggaz I done put L.A. on the Map wit So that the Legacy'll last long We're givin' it up, for all the homies that done passed on And can you check Bobcat file He can tell you who we are, what we did and where we at now This bullshit, nigga's tired of that Fools runnin' their mouths, so Where the South side riders at? [Chorus: Breeze, KAM, Nas, King TEE]  Everybody is talkin' about the South and the East Coast But what about the West Coast? West Coast ----> Everybody is talkin' about this South and the East Coast But what about the West Coast? West Coast yeah, Nas's ridin' with you right here The Who? West Coast [King TEE]  Aiy, aiy, watch your resurrect from the jump House shoes, Khaki suit, wild gauge pump Black Raider hat with Bitch Please on the side Central and Green leaf, Nineteen Eighty nine  Just in time, King TEE pushed the line The G's had to have it, Eazy and 'Dre have it I was a damn fool, now dudes wanna act it Where Are They Now? - he's still active We go back like the Jerry Curl Shag We pull this from the Gate, Battle cat was from the Aves I was in that green 64 with the Rag Pull back, and slow motion, Tila show's openin' They're lookin' for that West Coast Torjan Thought to be an X-ed out but I'm just postin' Blessed to be the best, that cracked the West Coast open King Tila back mothafucker, it's a rap [The Candyman]  Ugh, Ugh, The CA- to the N-D-Y-The-M-A-N I still nut in your mouth, not in your hand I love to hear the story, again and again But it originated from this man, The Candyman Damn, it feels good to hear my West Coast pears Makes me wanna shed a tear for the ones who ain't hear I was just a young player in this Westside streets Motivated to be innovator like Ice-T King TEE, Toddy TEE, R.I.P. that Mix-Master-Spade MC Trouble, Lootie, Part DEE And it's a trip to witness trap Rack Brought up on that first album cover with Eazy-E doin' that shit wayback Hell yeah, we need a new West, Dirty South respects I remember doin' shows out there They never tripped of the West Side Spendin' all their chips at the best buyin' Givin' like they just don't care [Deadly Threat]  No more snakes can get away Dumpin' with them funky rhymes Yet, that's MC Deadly Bet, they play them on the Radio all the time I love my folks, I love my G's They can't kill Cali' - they love my weed West Coast done it, East Coast did it Then the South came with it like let's go get it Threat, go and spit it like the ones before The Battle Grammy came and took all the glory I got an Army like Uncle James, K-Dee, AY pumped the jam Bobcat, Battle Cat and DJ Pooh, L.A. - S.C. but we say Zoo It's still never rained or snowed in Cali' We're gettin' blunted in the back of the boilin' Alley, like.. [Chorus: Breeze, KAM] Everybody is talkin' about the South and the East Coast But what about the West Coast? West Coast ----> Everybody is talkin' about the South and the East Coast But what about the West Coast? Where are they Now? [Ice-T] This is it, dope from the fly kid Ice Berg bang for the West, servin' the life bid West Side nigga, for life, Ride-Or-Die I get so Gangster, I stay so fly Saggin' my Khakis, raggin' my flag Nigga break out the gun, bitch, let's play tag Everyday in the street, some body called be Cube I tell him that's my loved one, but this Ice-T, dude I come from that Crenshaw stripped, you heard? Sway cripped up chrome when the 64 lift up It's hard to rock a party, L.A. don't like nobody Nigga's rather pump the trucks and dump shotie  [Sir Mix-A-Lot] I'ma show my nigga Nas, what I got in my garage Yeah, I'ma publishin' this large What a Fountains in my yard The Posse left Broadway to get them on the glass I got class, but still I like the fat ass Mix-A-Lot sheenin' with this S-Class gleamin' Aggressive Pimp leanin, marked the game like the Demon From Tvs to Movies, Hollywood use my shit Seven figure years keep comin, who's your pimp? F4-30 with this black battle shifters That's made of out bliffter, I'm still takin' pictures And I'm lovin' all you sisters, Mix'll never disrespect you West Side vet, you need your paper, I'll connect you [Chorus: The Conscious Daughters, King TEE] Everybody is talkin' about the South and the East Coast But what about the West Coast? West Coast ----> Everybody is talkin' about the South and the East Coast But what about the West Coast? The who? [The Conscious Daughters]  The West Coast It's the rhyme spittin' team You never hittin, the legendary, all time great phenomenon female, monarch, hittin' charts Flowin' automatic nines, spittin' shoe like darts Blowin' bitches apart It's The Conscious Daughters, still stompin' over soil Holler at your folks, the females that's royal  Bay Area, OG's, still gettin' cheese  Like besidin' all the block with 'Pac and Eazy-E (*echoes*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Prince Paul f/ Chuck D, Ice-T Album: Politics of the Business Song: Politics of the Business Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Prince Paul]  Politics of the business [Chorus: Ice-T]  The business, the business Politics of the.. The business, the business Politics of the.. the business Politics of The Business, the business Politics of the.. the business [Ice-T] Anybody who gets in this business And lives his offer but he's living in a miracle [Prince Paul] Awww man, fuck the music business, man Fuck that, I wanna say when you just can't say: Fuck this business You got to get in where you fit in And understand what you get in [Ice-T] I uhh.. I mean, if somebody sits and talks to me about the music business I will tell him not to get in it I will tell him that it's very very very complicated  And hard to actually cease something that living today [Chuck D] Politics of the.. business Rap miserable muscles is that when.. Cats all of a sudden look at BET And say: Awww man, we can do that Man, I can outbone Jay-Z [Ice-T] Yeah, in every one of these videos You're gonna see some sacks! You're gonna see somebody tote some money Or somebody acting like they shoot you It ain't much in between [Prince Paul] I have to tell the artist straight forward You are not that great, as you think you are You smoke too much fucking weed And when.. when.. when you hear yourself back  Everytime, you're coming out and hating yourself [Ice-T] Politics of the business The business, the business You know, that's.. that's the way to get fucked in the business Of course, it's.. it's.. it's a cut throat business [Chuck D] It's what you know.. What you know'll save you in this business all the time [Ice-T] And it's.. I guess.. it's just the bottom line making a hit record  And uhh.. it's not simple as people think You know.. it's very complicated Yeah, if it did, everybody would go make one right now Politics.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Six Feet Under f/ Ice-T Album: True Carnage Song: One Bullet Left Typed by: justfornapster88@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist (Six Feet Under) I'll kill all the haters They'll nerver stop their deaths We'll bread and burn and murder Each of you to the last Return to make it final One bullet to your head I know it just won't happen A world that's free from pain So I'll just use my freedom To fucking kill and maim them Reduce their heads with lead Not ever gonna stop us Not 'til the last one drops off Not 'til they die and rot up Not ever gonna stop Not 'til the last one drops {chorus}(Six Feet Under) One bullet left - one bullet left - one One bullet left - one life to die - one One bullet left - one bullet left - one (Ice-T talking) For some reason you motherfuckers think this is Some kind of motherfuckin game You ain't gonna realize until I got some fucking Steel pointed at your faggot-ass face and blow your Motherfuckin dome off your goddamn shoulders You motherfuckin critic-ass bitch motherfuckers Catch you comin out your motherfuckin house Bleed! (Ice-T) I put the gat to your face and head and blast Blow your fuckin face off rock you with the sawed-off blow guts all over your bitch Leave your stankin in a six foot ditch Run up in your house with a tek out Duct tape your spouse with a gun in her mouth Smack your dids up you think I give a fuck I'll call the fuckin pigs on myself Barricade the black with the ATF I don't give a fuck bitch I pray for death Grab your little girl by the neck Bust her in the chest And throw her on the lawn Call CNN it's on, get this on TV The last one's for me Aim with the pipe down dead in my head And squeeze Leave the whole wall red {chorus}(Ice-T) One bullet left, one bullet left - one One bullet left - one life to die for One bullet left, one bullet left - one One bullet left - one life to die for {talking}(Six Feet Under) Always got one bullet left One of fifty to their fucking chests The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: South Central Cartel f/ 2Pac, Ice-T, MC Eiht, Spice 1 Album: 'N Gatz We Trust Song: Gangsta Team Typed by: OHHLA.com [Havoc the Mouthpiece] Yo Russell Simmons This is your commander in chief of your West Coast operations Havoc the Mouthpiece My orders are to assemble a team of 6 of the West Coast's dopest rappers I have chosen Prodigy, Havoc the Rhyme Son, Spice motherfuckin 1 2Pac, Eiht from Compton's Most Wanted, and Ice-T so let the gangsta team begin [Havikk the Rhime Son] Gnaw on a dick motherfucker cuz I'm a rip a gangsta skit and blow your motherfuckin ass into anincrement I rip 'em vertical diagonal I mean fucked up show that ass and I'm a physically tear it up another G witha glock givin a fuck about a cop I do my talkin with a 12-gauge buckshot like Spice 1 I'm just a giggity-giggity gangsta and keepin a motherfuckin slug up in the chamber +I Don't Give a Fuck+ like 2Pac I get a fuckin thrill when I see a cop drop Squeeze yo motherfuckin neck and snatch your head off your shoulders Peel ya cap read your brain like the devil boy I told ya Make a move for your gat and I'ma split your fuckin back 6 ways with a mack Havoc's in a mood to put a dick in the dirt Jeffrey Dahmer gets no love cuz I'm the murder 1 expert You couldn't deal with the real shit so you got ass whipped Fuckin with a lunatic bitch West Coast on a wreck So motherfuck the mainstream you tuned in to the gangsta team [Prodeje] I broke it down for the gangsta flex snappin necks as I wreck from the gangsta teks You gets no love you get a 9 in your asshole droppin it in the back the fuckin niggas with a damn pole and that nigga Prod he's a gangsta I know the game bro And I could be a fuckin murderer the hot shells melt yo ass G And the Tales From the Crypt grabs yo ass like a movie You got fucked up nigga when you fucked up The brain splat on the floor like some damn nuts West Coast they hoo-ride on your ass if you fast you will still get mortified members only motherfuck the phony I give your ass the blues like Tony Toni Tone Regulate in the 9-tre nigga this is payday Comin from the mists with an A-K O.G. stand no G. nigga from the S.C. with a glock in my hood it don't stop til a nigga drop I don't drop but I bust hot slugs from a drop top [Havoc the Mouthpiece] Yeah Rhyme Son and Prodeje That's the way to show motherfuckers how the gangsta team is runnin shit Now it's time for the rest of you motherfuckin gangstas to show 'em how we livin [2Pac] Now I'm losin it cuz my brother died lookin down the barrel of a 9 from the other side never really did read coppers from the episode finger on the motherfuckin tek ready to let it go boom now these devils really fear me I told ya last year nigga holla if ya hear me and one-time can't fuck with my 4-5 do or die stay high til I motherfuckin die cop-killas killin cops much props you gets love from the motherfuckin thug niggas on the block swingin hard as a motherfuckin barbell Doin it for my niggas in the S.C. Cartel run up on me nigga and I'm blastin ya you Can't fuck with the West Coast massacre [Ice-T] Check check microphone check who's next the Cartel's in the house breakin fools necks and I'm the motherfuckin cop killa now on y'all when I used to pimp them hoes they called me Ice Gorilla Motherfucker it's on and you should've known I don't give a fuck about ya from word say yo I don't give a fuck about much no more You might catch Ice robbin liquor stores before I stop checkin a bank packin a shank Oeelin back busters to maintain my street rank Down with the Cartel and 2Pac the pigs want a nigga with a scope on a rooftop Punk motherfuck 'em they better duck 'em when I'm out to kill I'm quick to buck buck 'em bailin with the Eiht from C.M.W. my nigga Spice 1 is causin trouble too yeah so how you wanna fight we can either straight scrap or bust caps all night on and on I broke dawn and I'm on to stop to these G's and we'll motherfuckin break you heart clean you can't fuck with the gangsta team [MC Eiht] I goes one for my niggas bow here come the nigga fools get pushed to the street cuz I'm in too deep I'm buckin 'em down as they fall I laugh and I'm stealin babies fresh out the twat so the gangsta's pow just call me the big black wolf snappin motherfuckers from the top of my roof no need for help cuz Eiht'll do the hangin down with the gang so let me start bangin niggas don't fuck around so don't be a fool get popped 8 times with the two and thats the way we chillin I let my nigga Ice do the fuckin cop killin I gang bang with the slang from the hub G I'm killin 'em off taken 'em down you'll be R.I.P. Iguess that's the way your silly ass where you gets sorry clown needs to stay the fuck down with that bullshit I'll mack that ass take your cash and no sleepinn when I do my creepin on the bozos fast geyeah nigga fool don't scheme down with the motherfuckin gangsta team [Spice 1] Now I'm bout to pull the motherfuckin trigger comin at 'em with no love is the y uh young nigga drinki red rum cuz I'm 187 proof i'll kill these coppers with my mask on fuck 'em gets my blast on nigga offin motherfuckers like a faucet mop they ass like some water it's the motherfuckin slaughter g bloody glock in my lap as I creep with the dead motherfucker in the passenger seat murder fact with the murder squad kill 'em and I rob its a murder job nigga so let the caps keep peelin on they ass say murder show at 12 and nigga don't be late cuz me and Pac got yo back if the homies call ratta-a-tit-ta-tat quick to fuck 'em up y'all South Central motherfuckin Cartel niggas bail when we mob like we outta hell i'm causin havoc cuz my nigga Havoc said it's on so i'm a buck ema nd I'm a fuck 'em with the shiny chrome kill cop me love cop kill me strangle say me strong for the motherfuckin thrill butta-a-bye-bye G nut nuttin nut but the fuck got my D.J. Extra large with the neener to ya nuts motherfucker O.G. like Ice T. peep warning motherfucking Body Count 6 In The Morning the gangsta team [Havoc the Mouthpiece] Yeah I got to give it up that was a job well motherfuckin done you motherfuckers came out and showed 'em how we do it on the motherfuckin West Coast with the gangsta shit let 'em know how we doin it G. Mutha Fuckin nut [G-Nut-] It's G-Nut from the 1-8-seneven and I'm still in ghetto heaven [Havoc the Mouthpiece] Yeah so motherfuckin Russell Simmons that's how we doin this shit on the West Coast so um watch out for the gangsta team 1-80-7 thousand G..G..G..G..G....... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Spice-1 f/ Ice-T, Too $hort Album: The Black Bossalini Song: Recognize Game Typed by: 6334@verona.k12.wi.us Ice-T Intro: Well alright. Spice 1 in the hiddouse (and Short Dawgs in the house bitch). WIth the L.A. Players (soldiers to the game you know?) Yeah. (Peep game fool). Ant Banks at the crackhouse  ha ha ha better recognize game when it's in your face bitch). Ice-T: It's obvious mad cash got me gassed Shark tanks and views millionaire cruise buying cars in twos "Never lose" my motto since birth Double up knots and crack spots Snitches lead out by silence gun shots Map the area I wanted to cut the fuckin' cops a deal if they don't kneel, They get peeled Bitches recognize I never have no drama with death Bustas always try I leavin' 'em gagging spittin' up flem Take a pen make a mil and if this shit don't sell  I still got the street powder back to flippin' flower South Central nigga what? The representer, damn your girl seen me comin' and ran Young enough to be my daughter My posse use to flip her like a quarter To state to my man for man slaughter Caught her in the stairway took her out the fairway Trunked the punk bitch (That's fair play) Hook: You've got the gangstas that I have tangled baby Bitch recognize game when it's in your face "Well alright ch'all" "ha ha ha" Too Short: You think the town rid of Short? You must be crazy, that silly shit you talkin' just don't faze me I could make a phone call and just like that A bunch of niggas from Oakland all on your back I've never been a shot caller just a nigga in a crew They call me Too Short but I'm still bigger than you bitch I been around you can take a turn but don't get burned I've seen the tables turn  Marks turn into killers rich niggas go broke Use to be a wanna but now I'm old school Short In the game never had the stacks since age 14 I been spittin' these raps soakin' up the game up And even when I came up I fucked with same folks Still did the same stuff Bitch Short Dawgs in the house  I know you want my dick cause it's all in your mouth Hook Spice 1: Picture the game as a quarter toss it up in the air (uh ha) Heads or tails win or lose broke niggas are players (x2) Say what up to the S.P. crooked I.C.E.  Ra rolling with the strap on the side of me Potna don't get it twisted up I got hollow tips extended clips Major chips lookin' at Eclipse jacussi dips Niggas step back I don't know you Don't get to close to me  Some niggas ain't really the motherfucker they suppose to be Cloud killers don't aim until you shoot in the air Better put it down and brake some hoes off like a true player Phoney as three dollar bills niggas ain't recognizin' Fell in the relapse besides I'm a trauma a nigga Look in the eyes and when you see me I be hardcore  What the fuck a real nigga gotta lie to kick it for? I'm tired of these bubblegum ass niggas throwin' monkey wrenches into the game And all the players and pimps feel my pain Hustlers maintainin' riches and keepin' presidentals Not artfical with fishin' niggas know I'm packin' missles Get me two Bentleys some houses Johnson jet skis Ballin' till I die nigga don't fuck with S.P.I. Hook The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Terminator X f/ Chuck D, Ice Cube, Ice-T, MC Lyte Album: Superbad Song: Sticka Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice-T] That's fucked up... where your bodyguards at Godfather? Chillin [Chuck D] You know, every now and then I think people want to hear something from us, nice and easy But there's just one thing you see We never (never) ever (ever) do (do) nothin nice and easy We always gotta do it hard and rough We're gonna take the meaning of this song, and make it hard But at the same time, we're gonna do the style rough (rough) And we're bout to let you know that we (can't) can't get with censorship And the bottom line is that the sticka ain't shit Hit me off one The boom, the boom, the boom Verse One: Chuck D Ha! I take the sticka, wear it like a badge you can pick a Buckwild style raw like a hardcore Jack the Ripper Can't take away my freedom I'm, gettin some Run run against censorship like a slave ship I'm having none of this racist, hit or miss I'm like a doc on the rock, I gotta cut it off I won't let em off and don't forget em Remember the Feds said to a nigga, "Go get him" And all I got left is a swift def rough rhythm and rhyme and a piece of my mind, yo! And now I got a little help from my friends Cause you know I can't do it myself Can I get some help? (Yes yes you can!) Ah can I get some help? (Yes yes you can!) Ah can I get some help, y'all? (Yes yes you can!) Well, can I get another (the boom) boom (the boom) Boom (the boom) boom (the boom) boom We laugh at the sticka, ha ha ha sticka (Repeat 3X) C'mon Terminator can I get another hit? (Yeah) We laugh at the sticka, ha ha ha sticka (Repeat 3X) So here's another motherfucker kickin that shit! Verse Two: Ice-T Bang, motherfucker, bang, I kick street slang Cause this is a G Thang so I'ma let my nuts hang Nigga; I pull the trigga, blow out your fuckin guts Violent? Yeah, I'm the LA MC tyrant Huh, the bigga the sticka the bigga the bank, thanks I gank punks, funk trunks and give a fuck bout what a censor think Ice nigga, Ice nigga step and die twice nigga Rollin with the X, yo censor this, bitch! I rock the ill rhymes, you trip you get flatlined It's war time, soft MC's hear a beat and it's bore time Yo, no pretendin, I'm independent Cause I kill cops yo nigga Warner got dropped We laugh at the sticka, ha ha ha sticka (Repeat 3X) So here's another motherfucker kickin that shit! Verse Three: MC Lyte Yeah! You say sticka, I say 'Who gives a fuck?' I don't front, I do what I want and I'm runnin amuck "Don't do this, accentuate the positive" You want Positive? I'll show you where that nigga live Cause if I'm positive, it's cause I choose to be that way Not cause you told me to, cause this ain't no Simon Say It's representin that I like it like this Two shits, three fucks, and one bad motherfuckin bitch (Ha ha ha sticka. So here's another motherfucker kickin that shit) Verse Four: Ice Cube How the fuck you think you're gonna stop me with a sticka?  (Bitch) I'm under twenty-one still gettin liquor Buckin niggaz down on Sega Now I got my nine like Arnold Schwarzeneggar Terminator X rock and roll, if you're able  (Yep) Checkin out the Playboy Channel on cable Wish I had a missile like they showed on CNN Desert Storm I'm just gettin warm Kill em and kill em and then watch it drop And they'll let me, blame it on Tupac Say 2 Live Crew, and you jerk out Show the same amount of ass on the Jane Fonda workout You wish I was in church, in the right attire To see Jimmy Swaggart, fuck the whole choir (Wassup) How the fuck you think you gonna punk me? When Elvis was a motherfuckin junkie! A fat ass slob and a tramp Now we need to put Cypress Hill on a stamp From my nigga Ice-T, all the way to Chuck D See, we down and you can't seem to fuck me With a sticka so now I guess ya figure You'll have to kill a nigga, and that's when it's on (Bitch!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Toddy Tee f/ Ice-T, Mix Master Spade  Album: Rhyme Syndicate: Comin' Trough/The Ultimate Collection Vol. 1 Song: I Need a Rolex Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro] If you got the time, I got the time.. [Toddy Tee]  Yo, what's up, man? [Ice-T]  Yo, what's happenin? [Toddy Tee] Man, I went to this party last week, man This girl cold dissed me, man, cause I didn't have on no gold, man [Ice-T] Are you serious man?! That's tough, tell me what happened [Verse 1: Toddy Tee] Went to a party, freaks on the wall DJs and Emcees and everybody was havin' to ball And as I walked through the party my mind flipped I left my gold at home and I tripped Goupies, skeezers, girls glore Everybody was movin' the body on the dance floor Looked on the stage, two guys there were rappin' Gold around their neck, this DMC stuff is happenin' Looked to my left, spotted a freak I mean man.. she looked that good, that I was scared to speak My homeboys, they begin to brag  Put your money on the table, would you go for my drag? I said: honey hi!, I wish I was you, so I can make love to me  She said: you serious? I said: yes, my name is T&T, She cold dissed me, wouldn't give me respect No golds on my neck, I need a Rolex [Hook: Mix Master Spade] I need a rolex.. I need a rolex.. If you got the time, I got the time.. [Verse 2: Toddy Tee] That's right, I said Rolex, you heard it my friend What did it cost? ---> King TEE Put it like this, I could've bought a Benz  But I said to myself, I need to look up class I need somethin' that it stand out, somethin' that it last So I went to Salavix, this saleslady: said what's up? I said: yo, I need the whole damn hook up 18K, bought a watch and chain  And a necklace with diamonds and grayed with my name Now, I'm lookin' deaf, ultimately cool and in a mall I shopped at the and bought me a bunch of dress codes Gorche and Slacks, I won't wear a Vila, too many people wears that Now, I'm drapped in my Alligator Shoes  And that's a real, that if you touched them they'll bite you It's '88, now, I'm rockin' the house So clear the way to the stage, cause I'm steppin' out [Hook: Mix Master Spade] I need a rolex.. I need a rolex.. If you got the time, I got the time.. [Verse 3: Toddy Tee] Now, I'm back at the party A week later they let me through the doors My Alligator Shoes, cause I screwed, the people drool  And the guys in the back are sayin: You're so cool Now, I'm standin' on stage, hands gripped on the mic Rolex shinnin' and blindin' them in the light And as I rocked them and begin to shout Yo T man, you looked pimped out So I said: yo thank you, my show is about to over They said we want more, so I looked over my shoulder And there she was starin' in my eyes  Ms. material girl, was hypnotized  By my jewelry, I couldn't understand I knew right then, the Rolex was in command She said: I love you with all respect There's no gold on your neck, girl, you need a Rolex [Hook: Mix Master Spade] I need a rolex.. I need a rolex.. If you got the time, I got the time.. 