The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: Straight Outta Compton You are now about to witness the strength of street knowledge Verse One: Ice Cube Straight outta Compton, crazy motherfucker named Ice Cube From the gang called Niggaz With Attitudes When I'm called off, I got a sawed off Squeeze the trigger, and bodies are hauled off You too, boy, if ya fuck with me The police are gonna hafta come and get me Off yo ass, that's how I'm goin out For the punk motherfuckers that's showin out Niggaz start to mumble, they wanna rumble Mix em and cook em in a pot like gumbo Goin off on a motherfucker like that with a gat that's pointed at yo ass So give it up smooth Ain't no tellin when I'm down for a jack move Here's a murder rap to keep yo dancin with a crime record like Charles Manson AK-47 is the tool Don't make me act the motherfuckin fool Me you can go toe to toe, no maybe I'm knockin niggaz out tha box, daily yo weekly, monthly and yearly until them dumb motherfuckers see clearly that I'm down with the capital C-P-T Boy you can't fuck with me So when I'm in your neighborhood, you better duck Coz Ice Cube is crazy as fuck As I leave, believe I'm stompin but when I come back, boy, I'm comin straight outta Compton Chorus: [City of Compton, City of Compton] [Eazy E] Yo Ren [MC Ren] Whassup? [Eazy E] Tell em where you from! Verse Two: MC Ren Straight outta Compton, another crazy ass nigga More punks I smoke, yo, my rep gets bigger I'm a bad motherfucker and you know this But the pussy ass niggaz don't show this But I don't give a fuck, I'ma make my snaps If not from the records, from jackin the crops Just like burglary, the definition is 'jackin' And when illegally armed it's called 'packin' Shoot a motherfucker in a minute I find a good piece o' pussy, I go up in it So if you're at a show in the front row I'm a call you a bitch or dirty-ass ho You'll probably get mad like a bitch is supposed to But that shows me, slut, you're composed to a crazy muthafucker from tha street Attitude legit cause I'm tearin up shit MC Ren controls the automatic For any dumb muthafucker that starts static Not the right hand cause I'm the hand itself  every time I pull a AK off the shelf  The security is maximum and that's a law R-E-N spells Ren but I'm raw See, coz I'm the motherfuckin villain The definition is clear, you're the witness of a killin that's takin place without a clue And once you're on the scope, your ass is through Look, you might take it as a trip but a nigga like Ren is on a gangsta tip Straight outta Compton... Chorus: [City of Compton, City of Compton] [Dr. Dre] Eazy is his name and the boy is comin... Verse Three: Eazy-E ...straight outta Compton is a brotha that'll smother yo' mother and make ya sister think I love her Dangerous motherfucker raises hell And if I ever get caught I make bail See, I don't give a fuck, that's the problem I see a motherfuckin cop I don't dodge him But I'm smart, lay low, creep a while And when I see a punk pass, I smile To me it's kinda funny, the attitude showin a nigga drivin but don't know where the fuck he's going, just rollin lookin for the one they call Eazy But here's a flash, they never seize me Ruthless! Never seen like a shadow in the dark except when I unload, see I'll get over the hesitation and hear the scream of the one who got the last penetration Give a little gust of wind and I'm jettin But leave a memory no one'll be forgettin So what about the bitch who got shot? Fuck her! You think I give a damn about a bitch? I ain't a sucker! This is the autobiography of the E, and if you ever fuck with me You'll get taken by a stupid dope brotha who will smother word to the motherfucker, straight outta Compton Chorus: [City of Compton, City of Compton] [Damn that shit was dope!] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: Fuck Tha Police Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [MC Ren as Court Officer] Right about now, N.W.A. court is in full effect Judge Dre presiding In the case of N.W.A. vs. the Police Department; prosecuting attourneys are: MC Ren, Ice Cube,  and Eazy-motherfuckin-E [Dr. Dre as The Judge] Order, order, order Ice Cube, take the motherfuckin stand Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothin but the truth so help your black ass? [Ice Cube as Witness] You god damn right! [Dr. Dre] Well won't you tell everybody what the fuck you gotta say? [Ice Cube] Fuck the police comin straight from the underground A young nigga got it bad cause I'm brown And not the other color so police think they have the authority to kill a minority Fuck that shit, cause I ain't the one for a punk motherfucker with a badge and a gun to be beatin on, and thrown in jail We can go toe to toe in the middle of a cell Fuckin with me cause I'm a teenager with a little bit of gold and a pager Searchin my car, lookin for the product Thinkin every nigga is sellin narcotics You'd rather see, me in the pen than me and Lorenzo rollin in a Benz-o Beat a police out of shape and when I'm finished, bring the yellow tape To tape off the scene of the slaughter Still gettin swoll off bread and water I don't know if they fags or what Search a nigga down, and grabbin his nuts And on the other hand, without a gun they can't get none But don't let it be a black and a white one Cause they'll slam ya down to the street top Black police showin out for the white cop Ice Cube will swarm on ANY motherfucker in a blue uniform Just cause I'm from, the CPT Punk police are afraid of me! HUH, a young nigga on the warpath And when I'm finished, it's gonna be a bloodbath of cops, dyin in L.A. Yo Dre, I got somethin to say {*"Fuck the police" -> cut and scratched 4X*} Example of scene one [Cop] Pull your god damn ass over right now [NWA] Aww shit, now what the fuck you pullin me over for? [Cop] Cause I feel like it!   Just sit your ass on the curb and shut the fuck up [NWA] Man, fuck this shit [Cop] Aight smartass, I'm takin your black ass to jail! [Dr. Dre] MC Ren, will you please give your testimony  to the jury about this fucked up incident? [MC Ren]  Fuck the police and Ren said it with authority because the niggaz on the street is a majority A gang, is with whoever I'm steppin and the motherfuckin weapon is kept in  a stash box, for the so-called law Wishin Ren was a nigga that they never saw Lights start flashin behind me But they're scared of a nigga so they mace me to blind me But that shit don't work, I just laugh because it gives em a hint, not to step in my path For police, I'm sayin, "Fuck you punk!" Readin my rights and shit, it's all junk Pullin out a silly club, so you stand with a fake-assed badge and a gun in your hand But take off the gun so you can see what's up And we'll go at it punk, and I'ma fuck you up! Make you think I'ma kick your ass but drop your gat, and Ren's gonna blast I'm sneaky as fuck when it comes to crime But I'ma smoke 'em now and not next time Smoke any motherfucker that sweats me or any asshole, that threatens me I'm a sniper with a hell of a scope Takin out a cop or two, they can't cope with me The motherfuckin villian that's mad With potential, to get bad as fuck So I'ma turn it around Put in my clip, yo, and this is the sound {*BOOM, BOOM*} Yeah, somethin like that but it all depends on the size of the gat Takin out a police, would make my day But a nigga like Ren don't give a fuck to say {*"Fuck the police" -> cut and scratched 4X*} [Cop] {*knocking on the door*} [NWA] Yeah man, what you need? [Cop] Police, open now [NWA] Aww shit [Cop] We have a warrant for Eazy-E's arrest [Cop] Get down and put your hands up where I can see 'em   (Move motherfucker, move now!) [NWA] What the fuck did I do, man what did I do? [Cop] Just shut the fuck up   and get your motherfuckin ass on the floor   (You heard the man, shut the fuck up!) [NWA] But I didn't do shit [Cop] Man just shut the fuck up! [Dr. Dre]  Eazy-E, won't you step up to the stand and tell the jury how you feel about this bullshit? [Eazy-E] I'm tired of the motherfuckin jackin Sweatin my gang, while I'm chillin in the shack, and shinin the light in my face, and for what? Maybe it's because I kick so much butt I kick ass -- or maybe cause I blast on a stupid-assed nigga when I'm playin with the trigger of any Uzi or an AK Cause the police always got somethin stupid to say They put out my picture with silence Cause my identity by itself causes violence The E with the criminal behavior Yeah, I'm a gangsta, but still I got flavor Without a gun and a badge, what do ya got? A sucker in a uniform waitin to get shot by me, or another nigga And with a gat it don't matter if he's smaller or bigger (MC Ren: Size ain't shit, he's from the old school fool) And as you all know, E's here to rule Whenever I'm rollin, keep lookin in the mirror And ears on cue, yo, so I can hear a dumb motherfucker with a gun And if I'm rollin off the 8, he'll be the one that I take out, and then get away While I'm drivin off laughin this is what I'll say {*"Fuck the police" -> cut and scratched 4X*} The verdict [Dre] The jury has found you guilty of bein a redneck,    white bread, chickenshit motherfucker [Cop] But wait, that's a lie! That's a god damn lie! [Dre] Get him out of here! [Cop] I want justice! [Dre] Get him the fuck out my face! [Cop] I want justice! [Dre] Out, RIGHT NOW! [Cop] FUCK YOU, YOU BLACK MOTHER-FUCKERRRRRRRRRRRRS! Fuck the police! (repeat 3X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: Gangsta Gangsta Verse One: Ice Cube Here's a little somethin' bout a nigga like me never shoulda been let out the penititary Ice Cube would like ta say That I'm a crazy mutha fucka from around the way Since I was a youth, I smoked weed out Now I'm the mutha fucka that ya read about Takin' a life or two that's what the hell I do, you don't like how I'm livin well fuck you! This is a gang, and I'm in it My man Dre'll fuck you up in a minute With a right left, right left you're toothless And then you say goddamn they ruthless! Everwhere we go they say [damn!] N W A's fuckin' up tha program And then you realize we don't care We don't just say no, we to busy sayin' yeah! To drinkin' straight out the eight bottle Do I look like a mutha fuckin role model? To a kid lookin' up ta me Life ain't nothin but bitches and money. Cause I'm tha type o' nigga that's built ta last If ya fuck wit me I'll put a foot in ya ass See I don't give a fuck 'cause I keep bailin Yo, what the fuck are they yellin Chorus: Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin "It's not about a salary, it's all about reality" - KRS One Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin "Hopin you sophisticated motherfuckers hear what I have to say" Verse Two: Ice Cube When me and my posse stepped in the house All the punk-ass niggaz start breakin out Cause you know, they know whassup So we started lookin for the bitches with the big butts Like her, but she keep cryin "I got a boyfriend" Bitch stop lyin Dumb-ass hooker ain't nuttin but a dyke Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like Walked over to em, and said, "Whassup?" The first nigga that I saw, hit em in the jaw Ren started stompin em, and so did E By that time got rushed by security Out the door, but we don't quit Ren said, "Let's start some shit!" I got a shotgun, and here's the plot Takin niggaz out with a flurry of buckshots Boom boom boom, yeah I was gunnin And then you look, all you see is niggaz runnin and fallin and yellin and pushin and screamin and cussin, I stepped back, and I kept bustin And then I realized it's time for me to go So I stopped, jumped in the vehicle It's like this, because of that who-ride N.W.A. is wanted for a homicide Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last Fuck wit me, I'll put my foot in your ass See I don't give a fuck, cause I keep bailin Yo, what the fuck are they yellin? Chorus: Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin "It's not about a salary, it's all about reality" - KRS One Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin "He'll tell you exactly how he feel, and don't want a fuckin thing back" Verse Three: Ice Cube Homies all standin around, just hangin Some dope-dealin, some gang-bangin We decide to roll and we deep See a nigga on Dayton's and we creep Real slow, and before you know I had my shotgun pointed in the window He got scared, and hit the gas Right then, I knew I has to smoke his ass He kept rollin, I jumped in the bucket We couldn't catch him, so I said fuck it Then we headed right back to the fort Sweatin all the bitches in the biker shorts We didn't get no play, from the ladies With six niggaz in a car are you crazy? She was scared, and it was showin We all said "Fuck you bitch!" and kept goin To the hood, and we was fin to Find somethin else to get into Like some pussy, or in fact A bum rush, but we call it rat pack On a nigga for nuttin at all Ice Cube'll go stupid when I'm full of eight ball I might stumble, but I won't lose Now I'm dressed in the county blues Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last If you Fuck wit me, I'll put my foot in your ass I don't give a fuck, cause I keep bailin Yo, what the fuck are they yellin? Interlude: Ice Cube, Dr. Dre [Wait a minute, wait a minute, cut this shit] {Man whatcha gonna do now?} "What we're gonna do right here is go way back" [How far you goin back?] "Way back" "As we go a lil somethin like this" - Slick Rick Here's a lil gangsta, short in size A t-shirt and Levi's is his only disguise Built like a tank yet hard to hit Ice Cube and Eazy E cold runnin shit Verse Four: Eazy E, MC Ren Well I'm Eazy E the one they're talkin about Nigga tried to roll the dice and just crapped out Police tried to roll, so it's time to go I creeped away real slow and jumped in the six-fo' Wit the "Diamond in the back, sun-roof top" Diggin the scene with the gangsta lean Cause I'm the E, I don't slang or bang I just smoke motherfuckers like it ain't no thang And all you bitches, you know I'm talkin to you "We want to fuck you Eazy!" I want to fuck you too Cause you see, I don't really take no shit [So let me tell you motherfuckers who you're fuckin with] Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last If you Fuck wit me, I'll put my foot in your ass I don't give a fuck, cause I keep bailin Yo, what the fuck are they yellin? Chorus: Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin "It's not about a salary, it's all about reality" - KRS One Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin "He'll fuck up you and yours, and anything that gets in his way" Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin "It's not about a salary, it's all about reality" - KRS One Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin "He'll just call you a low-life motherfucker, and talk about your  funky ways" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: If it Ain't Ruff [MC Ren:] Ren is the villain and you're just an hostage so whenever I'm steppin cover your head like an ostrich Groupies been waitin for this, suckers been hatin for this You know why ? Because so many are relatin to this Jealous is how they feel it intentionally but they start to love it becoz I made it eventually Pumpin the music I keep the music like pumpin coz Ren ain't in here for nuthin, I keep the average crowd jumpin Yo, you know the color, the villain's in black Always down to make noise, and attack So you better get back unless you wanna come with it and make your face like a target and close your eyes when I hit it You're screamin with fear but it's with fear that you're screamin you're wakin up in a sweat coz Ren is givin bad dreams and I'm not schemin, I'm just tellin the facts That's how it is when N.W.A. starts to jack So brothers that wanna scrap with me That sweezin and sneezin will have to lap with me especially beggin to write some lyrics with me I just snatch your girl to take a nap with me coz when it comes to Ren there's no comparison And if you try to be me, it's quite embarassin but I understand coz you're mentally slow coz I can tell from the jump you're too nervous to go If it aint' ruff it ain't me (scratch) [Tha gangsta's black and he's about to attack] If it ain't ruff it ain't me (scratch) Lemme bust a freestyle here [Allright then] I can tell that you're afraid to fight me simple because you lost the crowd and they had to invite me becoz you're sweat as a puddle but there's a puddle o' sweat I'm a threath, so get a cold rag and wipe your neck and clean the dirt off your face that calls acne It's ridiculous thinkin that you can jack me This is the round where the punch will go until ya A G-A-T that's known as a flow I'm makin a point but it's a point that I'm makin Like, see, I'm hatin the fakin I keep the suckers like shakin Scared to speak with a tongue and they're chozen The sound of my voice in their ear and they're frozen This is a battle to the death, it's like the [?? same ol' ??] against a brother on a tip, with [??] Givin a pain but it's with pain that I'm givin but I'm comparin and tearin'em but I'm makin a livin with the hype of a 9 Volt battery and the odds for me to conquer is averagely good Meanin I'm a flow I'm from the streets so, yo, I'm ready to go If it ain't ruff it ain't me [Yo Ren] [Tha gangsta's black and he's about to attack] If it ain't ruff it ain't me  [Man whatcha gonna do now ?] [get funky] The 'do not disturb' sign is in effect while I'm thinkin of a fool to select to give the victim the verdict so for the verdict a victim slammin my vocals on a dance with the rest then I kick them Tell'em they're guilty, and beep out the bailer and get a new track o' drums so I can play with percussion; pumpin it loud when I perform Yo, you wanna play in my game, put on a uniform It ain't a rule in the book you have to go by Hey, coz when it comes to cheatin yo you should know I for fear in the hearts coz it's the hearts full of fear coz what you hear in your ear is something funky and clear The hump was incredible yo but Ren he was super But now I'm ruthless, a civilian and not a trooper but a soldier with a top rankin givin dope material, the hell with the gankin So play like an airplane and just jet and keep your blood pressure low coz I'm a [??], if not I'm afraid of the show that you're a sucker and you're too nervous to go If it ain't ruff it ain't me [Yo Ren] [The gangsta's black and he's about to attack] If it ain't ruff it ain't me [Yo Ren] [The gangsta's black] If it ain't ... If it ain't (scratching) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. f/ The D.O.C. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: Parental Discretion Iz Advised Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dr. Dre] One, two, three, kick it [The D.O.C.] Aiyyo Dre, what's goin on man? What's goin on? Ay what ch'all gonna do for this last record? Nah tell me what cha'all gonna do? Okay, you want me to do the intro? Aight! Parental discretion is advised for the moment While I'm getting candid, now understand it Ain't too typical in any way, though the pro on the mic is the D.O. to the C. this is an intro I know the DOC makes you want to take a valium So buy a bucket cause upcomin is my album And for the record, meanin my record, check it Listen to the single and you'll be like, yo, I gotta get it But in the meantime, listen to the rhyme of the Dr. Dre, played wit N.W.A. Yella's on the drum roll, rockin the beat Aiyyo Dre, where's you gonna take this shit man? [Dr. Dre] Aiyyo, let's take it to the street (WORD UP!) Let 'em understand perfection Let knowledge be the tool for suckers to stop guessin Cause I don't give a fuck about a radio play Observed the english I display Lyrics for the adults, children have been barred and scarred from listenin to somethin so motherfuckin HARD Dope, pumpin that's so my shit will never falter Yo it's Dre so fuck the "Mind of Minolta" Psycho, like no, other motherfucker So step to me wrong, G-O for what you N-O But be warned, never will I leave like a regular Cause I'm a little better than the regular competitor I use to see 'em on stage Earnin money like a thief, but without a guage Until I got full, of clockin the lame gettin pull (They said you wasn't gon' get paid) Nah that's bullshit! They like it stylistic And I enchant the crowd like I'm a mystic (C-C-C-C) C-C-C-cameras are flashin, when I'm in action A photo, or fresh with a flair for fashion Pure simplicity, see it's elementary You hear one of the hardest motherfuckers this century Try to comprise a word to the wise and the guys Parental discretion is advised [MC Ren] Ren is most extremely high performance The black hat cause I worn this, cause it's like enormous Some shit I don't take it, not even in a toliet And shit from a sucker, put in a pot and I'll boil it Turn up the pilot as it burns And maybe, the motherfuckers will learn I'm not a sub, cause I speak sensible Not considered a prince, cause I'm a principal I'm engineerin; the shit that you're hearin Cause when it comes to power, I'm power steerin Silly you say, I say you're silly when you say it Rushin to the eject, to put my shit in and play it It's like Apollo, but I'm not an amateur And I'm not givin a fuck, while I'm damagin ya It's for the record; so Ren's lyrics is gonna spin it And if there was a trophy involved, I'll win it Possession is mine and I'm the holder Cause a nigga like Ren don't give a fuck cause I'm older So for you to step off would be wise And say fuck it, parental discretion is advised [Ice Cube] I be what is known as a bandit You gotta hand it to me when you truly understand it Cause if you fail to see, read it in braile It'll still be funky -- so what's next is the flex of a genius, my rapid-stutter-steppin if you seen this dope, you hope that I don't really mean this But if played, made the grade or high-top fade It's not my trademark when I get loose in the dark You guess it was a test of a different style It's just another motherfucker on the pile Drivin your ass with the flow of your tongue You hung yourself short, the after-knowledge was brung to your attention, by the hardest motherfuckin artist that is know for lynchin any sucker in a minute Stagger 'em all When I start flowin like Niagara Falls Ice Cube is equipped to rip shit in a battle Move like a snake when I'm mad; and then my tail rattle I get low on the flow so let your kids know When I bust, parental discretion is a must [Eazy-E] Little did they know, that I would be arrivin And it's surprisin, rockin it from where I been But it's the E here to take, no mistake to be made in the trade where funky ass records are bein played Fuck the regular, yo as I get better the bitches wanna trick and go stupid up on the dick So I get 'em hot, thinkin they're gonna get it As they sit, rubbin their legs like a cricket To you it may be funny, but there's no service of beef, without money So slip the C-note, and you can choke on a wing-ding-ding-a-ling down your throat Foreplay; to me ain't shit When you spread 'em I'm ready, then you can get the dick of the Eaze, if you can deal with the size But if you can't, parental discretion's advised! {*echoes*} {*bass guitar and piano solo for a minute*} [Unknown voice at the end after band breaks down] Shut the fuck up!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: 8 Ball (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Kick that shit!" -> Flavor Flav {*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*echoes*} Cool kickin ass {*scratch*} cool kickin ass {*scratch*} Cool kickin ass {*scratch*} "Kich that shit!" "Pull up a chair.." -> Rakim {*echoes*} [Verse One: Eazy-E] I don't drink brass monkey, like to be funky Nickname Eazy-E yo' 8 ball junkie Bass drum kickin, to show my shit Rappin holdin my dick boy, I don't quit Crowd rockin motherfucker from around the way I got a six-shooter, yo' mean I'm brave Rollin through the hood, to find the boys to kick dust and cuss, crank up some noise Police on my drawers, I have to pause 40 ounce in my lap and it's freezin my balls I hook a right turn and let the boys go past then I say to myself, "They can kiss my ass!" Hip to get drunk got the 8 in my lips Put in the old tape Marvin Gaye's greatest hits Turn the shit up had the bass cold whompin Cruisin through the Eastside, South of Compton See a big ass, and I say word I took a look at the face, and the bitch was to the curb Hoes on my tip for the title I'm holdin Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin I, was.. "Cool kickin ass" I, was.. "Raised in L.A." I, was.. "Cruisin down the street in my six-fo'" -> Eazy {"Too, much, posse!" -> Flavor Flav} [Verse Two: Eazy-E] Ridin on Slausson lookin for Crenshaw Turned down the sound, to ditch the law Stopped at a light and had a fit cause a Mexican almost wrecked my shit Flipped his ass off, put it to the floor Bottle was empty so I went to the store Nigga on tilt cause I was drunk See a sissy-ass punk, had to go in my trunk Reached inside cause it's like that Came back out with a silver gat Fired at the punk, and it was all because I had to show the nigga what time it was Pulled out the jammy and like a mirage a sissy like that got out of Dodge Sucka on me cause the title I'm holdin Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin "Fuck it up y'all!" -> repeat 6X {"YEAH!!!", *guitar riff* -> Beastie Boys} [Verse Three: Eazy-E] Olde English 800 cause that's my brand Take it in a bottle, 40, quart, or can Drink it like a madman, yes I do Fuck the police and a 502 Stepped in the party, I was drunk as hell Three bitches already said, "Eric yo' breath smells!" 40 ounce in hand, that's what I got "Yo man you see Eazy earlin in the parkin lot?" Stepped on your foot, cold dissed yo' hoe Asked her to dance and she said, "Hell no!" Called her a bitch cause that's the rule "Bitch, who you callin a bitch?!" Boys in the hood tryin to keep me cool You tell my homeboy you wanna kick my butt I walked in your face and we get 'em up I start droppin the dogs, and wathc you fold Just dumb full of cum, got knocked out cold "Made you look sick you snotty-nosed prick!  Now your fly bitch is all over his dick!" Punk got dropped cause the title I'm holdin Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin "Stomp a mudhole in your ass!" -> Flavor Flav "Stomp a mudhole in your ass, BITCH!" -> Flav [Verse Four: Eazy-E] Pass the brew motherfucker while I tear shit up  and y'all listen up close to roll call Eazy-E's in the place I got money and juice Rendezvous with me and we make the deuce Dre makes the beats so god damn funky Do the Olde 8, fuck the brass monkey Ice Cube writes the rhymes, that I say Hail to the niggaz from C.I.A. Crazy D is down and in effect We make hardcore jams, so fuck respect Make a toast punky-punk to the title I'm holdin Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin {*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*echoes*} {*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*scratched to end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: Something Like That [Dre] Ah yeah, yo Ren, yo ready to do this shit ? [Ren] Yeah, Dre, let's rip shit up [Dre] Hey, yo Yella Boy, why don't you kick me one of them   funky beats ? [Ren] Yo, we got my homeboy Eazy E in the house [Dre] Compton's definately in the house. Yo Ren, whatta we gonna    call this ? Tell'em what yo name is ? [Ren] Yeah something like that [Dre] Allright, let's kick this shit on the one   Kick it [Ren] Back by demand, now it's big as fuck because you as the public, you should know what's up "Compton's in the House" was more than gold, it was a hit cause it was based on some crazy shit So our final conclusion has been permitted Punks made us a target and knew that we'd hit it But that was a part of showbizz [Dre] Hey yo homeboy, why don't you tell'em what your name is ? [Ren] Well for the record it's Ren, and for the street it's villain And strapped with a gat, it's more like Matt Dillon on "Gunsmoke", but not a man of the law I'm just the baddest motherfucker that you ever saw See, I peep and then I creep on a fool Get my bloodpressure high but still stay cool Dig a grave of a nigga lookin' up to me that really had the nerve that he could fuck with me Who was the man in the mass, while I was waitin' to axe  you know, it's MC Ren kickin' mucho ass Gettin' respect in showbizz Hey yo homeboy [Dre: Whassup ?] Why don't you tell'em what yo name is ? [Dre] Dre, the motherfuckin' doctor, bitch hopper The sucker-motherfucker stopper Back with a vocal track that's a fresh one so now, let's get the motherfuckin' session  goin', flowin'. It's time to start throwin' rhymes. So keep in mind all the suckers I'm blowin' cause I'm a start showin' the time Never sayin' I'm the best and just goin' for mine Unlike a lotta suckers who claim they're gettin' busy when their records only make good frisbees You need to stop runnin' off the mouth Stop and think before you put some whack bullshit out It's not difficult, in fact it's kinda simple to create something funky that's original You need to talk about the place to be who you are, what you got, about a suck MC [Dre] Oh yeah, that's what I'm talkin' about, Ren,   You know what I'm sayin' ? [Ren] Yeah, I know what you're sayin', Dre, but you   still ain't told'em enough, man [Dre] Allright, Allright   Well, let's kick one more verse right here, allright   Kick it [Dre]+[Ren] This is portable, something to fuck with yo ear Ren and Dre will appear when the sound is clear to fuck it up like we always do, and that's the trick Sayin' some shit to make the bitches wanna suck our dicks But it's an everyday thang communicating to y'all with the Compton slang Compton's back in the house and your appartment so open your door, by the way, so we can start it Test the monitors and call this mic cause the way we feel, we're gonna fuck it up tonight I got my mic in my hand, with a hell of a grip Bitches screamin' and shit, now it's a trip Waitin' for the grand finale, or the end or stupid rhymes set be Dre and Ren Well, like a kid, we get new shoes and go faster Smilin', like hell, as we move past the suckers, the motherfuckers with the ego hype cause we're positive and they're on a negative type and if think we're about to quit... motherfucker you ain't heard shit [Dre] Yeah, that shit was funky, you know what I'm sayin', Ren ? [Ren] I know what you're sayin', this is MC Ren and Dr.Dre   cold kickin' it in the place [Dre] Ah yeah, my mellow Eazy E in the house   Yella Boy in the house   my boy Ice Cube   Arabian Prince cold rockin' shit [Ren] Oh yeah, hey, I'm a say whassup to my homeboys from CNW [Dre] Yeah, hey, yo Ren, whatta we gonna call this shit ?   Tell'em what yo name is ? [Ren] Yeah something like that... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: Express Yourself Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dr. Dre] Yo man there's a lot of brothers out there  flakin and perpetratin but scared to kick reality [Ice Cube] Man, you been doin all this dope producin You ain't had a chance to show 'em what time it is [Dr. Dre] So what you want me to do? 	{Express yourself!} [Dr. Dre] I'm expressin with my full capabilities And now I'm livin in correctional facilities Cause some don't agree with how I do this I get straight and meditate like a Buddhist I'm droppin flava, my behaviour is hereditary But my technique is very necessary Blame it on Ice Cube; because he said it gets funky when you got a subject and a predicate Add it on a dope beat; and it'll make you think Some suckers just tickle me pink - to my stomach Cause they don't flow like this one You know what? I won't hesitate to diss one or two before I'm through, so don't try to sing this Some drop science; while I'm droppin english Even if Yella, makes it a-capella I still express, yo, I don't smoke weed or sess Cause it's known to give a brother brain damage And brain damage on the mic don't manage - NUTHIN but makin a sucka and you equal Don't be another sequel.. {Express yourself!} 	{Express yourself!} 	{Go on and do it..} 	{Express yourself!} 	{Express yourself!} 	{Go on and do it..} [Dr. Dre] Now, gettin back to the PG That's program, and it's easy Dre is back, new jacks are made hollow Expressin ain't their subject because they like to follow the words, the style, the trend; the records I spin Again and again and again - yo, you're on the other end Whatch a brother blend dope rhymes, with no help There's no fessin or guessin while I'm expressin myself It's crazy to see people be what society wants them to be, but not me RUTHLESS, is the way to go, they know Others say rhymes which fail to be original or they kill where the hip-hop starts Forget about the ghetto, and rap for the pop charts Some musicians cuss at home But scared to use profanity when upon the microphone Yeah, they want reality, but you will hear none They'd rather exaggerate a little fiction Some say no to drugs, and take a stand But after the show, they go lookin for the "Dopeman" Or they ban my group from the radio Hear N.W.A. and say, "Hell no!" But you know it ain't all about wealth As long as you make a note to.. {Express yourself!} 	{Express yourself!} 	{Go on and do it..} 	{Express yourself!} 	{Express yourself!} 	{Go on and do it..} [Dr. Dre] {Express yourself!} .. from the heart cause if you wanna start to move up the chart then expression is a big part of it You ain't efficient when you flow, you ain't swift Movin like a tortoise, full of rigor mortis There's a little bit more to show I got rhymes in my mind, embedded like an embryo or a lesson - all of 'em expression And if you start fessin, I got a Smith and Wessun for ya I might ignore your record because it has no bottom I get loose in the summer winter spring and autumn It's Dre on the mic, gettin physical Doin' the job, N.W.A is the lynch mob! Yes I'ma climb, but you know you need this And the knowledge is growin just like a fetus or a tumor, but here is the rumor Dre is in the neighborhood and he's up to no good When I start expressin myself, Yella, slam it Cause if I stay funky like this I'm doin damage Or I'ma be too hyped, and need a straight jacket I got knowledge, and other suckers lack it So, when you see Dre, a DJ on the mic Ask what it's like - it's like we're gettin hyped tonight Cause if I strike, it ain't for your good health But I won't strike if you just.. {Express yourself!} 	{Express yourself!} 	{Go on and do it..} 	{Express yourself!} 	{Express yourself!} 	{Go on and do it..} 	{Express yourself!} 	{Go on and do it..} 	{Go on and do it..} {*music fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: Compton's N the House Ah yeah, right about now Compton's in de mothafuckin' house [yeah do it do it] NWA's in full effect Hey yo yella boy, kick me that funky-ass beat Yeah, who's in de mothafuckin' house? Compton's in the mothafuckin' house! Yeah, Compton's definetly in the house Hey yo Ren, what we're gonna do? [MC Ren] To the people over here To the people out there To the people, the people, the people, people, the people, people From everywhere watching the show Paying top dolars because they know When we're on the stage, we're in a mothafuckin' range So Dre, why don't you get the 12 guage [yeah] And show 'em how Eazy-Duz-It So if you punks wanna make somethin' of it Step up, run up, get up, what's up sucker You want some of this? Then you're a stupid mothafucka! Kickin' - like the kick from a kickdrum Yella boy on the drum gettin' dumb Programmin' - a beat that's hittin' And if you listen then you know we're not bullshittin' Dope - like a pound or a key So shut de fuck up and listen to me I make these killings I got money to the ceiling [why's that?] Cuz I'm a mothafuckin' ruthless villain MC Ren - stamping any fool in my way With some help from my homeboy Dre [Dr. Dre] Now my name iz Dre - de mothafuckin' doctor Rippin' shit up [oh yeah] and here to rock ya With some help from my homeboy E The criminal of the ruthless posse Fuckin' it up [word up] iz what we do The reputation of the NWA crew Gettin' busy because we're cold stampin' And we're born and raised And we're born and raised And we're born and raised in Compton Speakin' of Compton, it's makin' me sick [why?] Everybody'z talkin' that crazy shit Sayin' they were raised in the CPT [aha] Just as I was, they try to be like me Poppin' that shit, get the fuck out my face Knowin' that they never even seen the place Claimin' my city is my city they claim Mothafuckaz we're about to put some salt in your game .. Yeah I'm tired of these mothafuckerz runnin' around town, talkin' about they're from Compton and shit, tryin' to get on the bandwagon .. Yeah Dre, I know what you're sayin' man, but let's tell 'em who we're talkin' about .. WHAT DO YOU CALL A CREW THAT CAN RAP LIKE THAT ...? yo NWA call 'em mothafuckaz wack.. [yeah you know what time it iz, listen to why we call 'em wack] They got a wacky wack record put o' wacky wack crews Yo what about the lyrics? That shit's wacky wack too With a fucked up style and a fucked up show Hey yo Ren, what about the scratchin', is it def? Fuck no! The mothafuckin' record is a mothafuckin' wack  The mothafuckin' cracka jack needs to step the fuck back ... Do you want some of this? Hell no .. Dre the mothafuckin' doctor Well for the record it's Ren and for the street it's Villain Dre the mothafuckin' doctor Well for the record it's Ren and for the street it's Villain Yella boy, why don't you kick me one of them funky-ass beats? My boy .. my boy .. my boy Ice Cube Yo we got my homeboy Eazy E in de house won't you tell 'em what your name iz? [MC Ren] MC Ren is the mothafuckin' Coroner I'm gettin' rid of mothafuckaz as if they was a foreigner Show no crip to pretend when I'm seen I punch you can block it but I'm a still get in This ain't a TK yo in the first But it's some shit from a nigga in black it's much worse Then a beat from Tyson cuz Ren is not nice and Your ass is better off just rollin' a dice and Findin' you a number for luck Cuz you all need it when you see I don't give a fuck My identity, and the shit is gettin' shown Without a video I'm still gettin' on I'm at a show then my picture is takin' One click of the flash and punk niggaz are breakin' To the door, tryin' to join my fan club Lipstickin' over one of my dubs And it's the minimal scratch for the moment Until I fuck up the so called opponet That's standing in the zone of the twilight Sayin' how in de fuck did he get mixed up in my fight It was'nt a mistake, it was a set-up So until I'm finished poppin' my lyrics you should shut up And don't attempt to speak Because it's bad enough you rollin' up shit quick With a nigga like Ren about the hit Now lemme hear you mothafuckaz talk some more shit I'm a bust your ass in your mouth,  Yo, unless you're sayin' "Compton's in de house" [Dr. Dre] Who realy cares - about a sucker on a take off Bust de move, we can have a shake n' bake-off Me and you can go cuz I don't care yo Rap fight or guerilla warfare We can rumble, cuz when my lungs go in and out I kick rhymes in a bundle to win about Or scarier scaffle I just muffle the eye position, there's no competition Let 'em know that Dre is gettin' stronger Compton's in de house but now it's some' longer I won't get set-up, shut up, I'm kinda fed up You can say uncle and I still won't let up Cuz Dre is the mothafuckin' doctor And if me and Ren's on the mike it's like propaganda, no doubt "Boy you should've known by now" .. Compton's in the house Yeah, it's time to put Compton on de map, don't ever think you can get it on you stupid mothafuckaz! Compton's in the house .. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. (Ice Cube) Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: I Ain't tha One Intro: girl, Ice Cube [Ice Cube, do you think you could give me some money to get  my hair done?] How short's your hair right now? [Well you know I get it done every week, and I need my nails  done too] Look, I'ma tell you like this Verse One: I ain't the one, the one to get played like a pooh butt See I'm from the street, so I know what's up On these silly games that's played by the women I'm only happy when I'm goin up in em But you know, I'm a menace to society But girls in biker shorts are so fly to me So I step to em, with aggression Listen to the kid, and learn a lesson today See they think we narrow minded Cause they got a cute face, and big-behinded So I walk over and say "How ya doin?" See I'm only down for screwin, but you know ya gotta play it off cool Cause if they catch you slippin, you'll get schooled And they'll get you for your money, son Next thing you know you're gettin their hair and they nails done Fool, and they'll let you show em off But when it comes to sex, they got a bad cough Or a headache, it's all give and no take Run out of money, and watch your heart break They'll drop you like a bad habit cause a brother with money yo, they gotta have it Messin with me though, they gets none You can't juice Ice Cube girl, cause I ain't the one Interlude One: [Girrrrrl, you got to get these brothers for all the money  you can honey. Cause if they ain't got no money, they can't  do nothin for me but get out of my face.] [I know what you mean girl, it ain't nothin right jumpin off  unless he got dollars] Verse Two: Sometimes I used to wonder How the hell an ugly dude get a fine girl's number He's gettin juiced for his ducats I tell a girl in a minute yo, I drive a bucket And won't think nuttin of it She can ride or walk, either leave it or love it I show her that I'm not the O, the N-E, say I'm a ruthless N-I double-G A Cause I'm gamin on a female that's gamin on me You know I spell girl with a B A brother like me is only out for one thing I think with my ding-a-ling, but I won't bring no flowers to your doorstep, when we goin out Cause you'll take it for granted, no doubt And after the date, I'ma want to do the wild thing You want lobster huh? I'm thinking Burger King And when I take you, you get frustrated You can't juice Ice Cube and you hate it But you see, I don't go nuts Over girls like you with the BIG ol butts It start comin out the pocket, to knock it But when the damage is done... You can only lay me girl, you can't play me girl For the simple fact that, I ain't the one Interlude Two: [I don't care how they look if they got money,  we can hook up but they ain't gettin none.] [Yeah I just make em think they gonna get some,  play up they mind a lil bit, and get that money.] [Oh Ice Cube, can I have some money pleeeease?] Verse Three: Give you money why bother Cause you know I'm lookin nothin like your father Girl, I can't be played or ganked Ganked means getting took for your bank Or your gold or your money or something Nine times outta ten, she's giving up nothing They get mad when I put it in perspective But let's see if my knowledge is effective To the brothas man they robbing you blind Cause they fine with a big behind, but pay it no mind Keep your money to yourself homie and if you got enough game You'll get her name and her number Without going under You can't leave em and love and stay above em I used to get no play now she stay behind me Cause I said I had a Benz 190 But I lied and played the one Just to get some now she feels dumb To my homies it's funny But that's what you get trying to play me for my money Now don't you feel used But I don't give hoot, huh, because I knock boots You shouldn't be, so damn material And try to milk Ice Cube like cereal Now how many times do I have to say it Cause if I have to go get a gun You girls will learn I don't burn You think I'm a sucka, but I ain't the one Outro: [But you said you love me!] I don't see no rings on this finger [Why you doin me like this? I love you!] Yeah you love my money, I got what I wanted -- beat it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: Dopeman (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yo Dre!! [Ice Cube] It was once said by a man who couldn't quit "Dopeman," please can I have another hit The dopeman said, "Cluck, I don't give a shit if your girl kneel down, and suck my dick"  It all happened and the guy tried to choke her  Nigga didn't care, she ain't nothin but a smoker That's the way goes, that's the name of the game Young brother gettin over by slangin 'caine Gold around his neck in 14 K heaven Bitches clockin on his dick twenty-four/seven Plus he's makin money, keep the bassheads waitin Rollin six-fo' wit the fresh ass Daytons Livin in Compton, Cailfornia C-A His uzi up yo' ass if he don't get paid  Nigga beggin for credit, he's knockin out teeth  Clockin much dollars on the 1st and 15th  Big wad of money nuttin less than a twenty Yo you want a five-oh the dopeman's got plenty  To be a dopeman boy you must qualify Don't get high off your own supply  From a ki' to a G it's all about money Ten piece for a champ, bass pipe comes free If people out there are not hip to the fact If you see somebody gettin money for crack  he's the Chorus: N.W.A. Dopeman, dopeman! (Ay man, give me a hit) Dopeman, dopeman! (Yo man, fuck that shit!)  Dopeman, dopeman! (We just can't quit!) Dopeman, dopeman! (Well suck this bitch!) [Dr. Dre] Wait a minute, wait a minute Who the fuck are you talkin to? Do you know who the fuck I am?  Man I can't believe this shit This bitch is tryin to gank me Yo I oughta slap you upside yo' head  with nine inches of limp dick  [Ice Cube]  You need a nigga with money so you get a dopeman  Juice that fool for as much as you can  She like his car, and he get wit her  Got a black eye cause the dopeman hit her  Let that slide and you pay it no mind  Find that he's slappin you all the time  But that's okay, cause he's so rich Ain't you ain't nuttin but a dopeman's bitch  Do what he say and you keep your mouth shut Poppin that trash might get you fucked up Well sit and cry, if the dopeman strike you He don't give a fuck he got two just like you  There's another girl in the dopeman's life Not quite a bitch but far from a wife  She's called strawberry and everybody know strawberry strawberry is the neighborhood hoe  Do anything for a hit or two Give the bitch a rock she fucked the whole damn crew  It might be your wife and it might make you sick Come home and see her mouth on the dopeman's dick  Strawberry, just look and you'll see her  But don't fuck around she'll give you gonnorhea If people out there are not hip to the fact the strawberry is a girl sellin pussy for crack to the Chorus: N.W.A. Dopeman, dopeman! (Ay man, give me a hit) Dopeman, dopeman! (Yo man, fuck that shit!)  Dopeman, dopeman! (In yo' face) Dopeman, dopeman! "Yo Dre!! Kick in the bass!!" [Ice Cube] If you smoke 'caine, you a stupid motherfucker Known around the hood as the schoolyard clucker Doin that crack with all the money you got On your hands and knees, searchin for a piece of rock Jonesin for a hit, and you're lookin for mo' Done stole the Alpine out of Eazy's six-fo' You need your ass whupped cause it's out of this earth To get a ten-piece need a dollar fifty work Knucklehead nigga, yeah you turned into a crook but swear up and down boy that you ain't hooked You beat your friend up, and you whupped his ass long cause he hit the pipe til the rock was all gone You robbin and stealin, buggin and illin while the dopeman's dealin, what is healin yo' pain Cocaine, this shit's insane Yo E she's a berry, let's run a train (Man, I wouldn't touch that bitch) me neither Hoe go home and wash out your beaver And niggaz out there messin up people's health Yo, what the fuck you gotta say for yourself? [Eazy-E] Well I'm the dopeman, yeah boy, wear a courderoy Money up to here but unemployed You keep smokin that rock and my pockets gettin bigger (Yo, got that five-oh double up nigga!) Yeah high rollin, big money I'm foldin Bitch on my tip for the dick I'm holdin Sprung strawberry jockin me so early Hoe you wanna hit you gotta get your knees dirty Now that's my life, that's how it's cut "Hey dopeman!" Bitch, shut the fuck up! Gotta make a run, it's a big money deal Gankers got the fake but you can get the real from the Chorus: N.W.A. Dopeman, dopeman! (Yeah that's me) Dopeman, dopeman! (Yo can I get a G?)  Dopeman, dopeman! (Clock as much as he can) Fuck this shit who am I? THE DOPEMAN! [Eazy-E (as Mexican guy)] Yo Mr. Dopeman, you think you're slick You sold crack to my sister, and now she's sick But if she happens to die, because of your drug I'm puttin in your coolo, a thirty-eight slug The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: Quiet on the Set [Listen to this] [Eazy E:] Yo Ren ! [MC Ren:] Whassup ? [Eazy E: Take] [one] [MC Ren: Yo] [Hit it] [MC Ren:] Ruthless, plenty of that and much more So at the party, Ren is controllin the floor that you step and do your danceroutine It ain't a dream my man, you're in a gangsta scene with a villain doin damage on a 24 track With confusion to finish my conclusion Arhytomatic rhymes from a radio cat You can't take what I got coz I'll be takin it right back [Ruthless gangsta] Cold killin You wanna know what it's means ? [definition...villain] With the stupid dope rhyme So once you hear one line you can tell it's mine With a baseball cap that's black that I'm wearin and a look that keeps you all starin and wondering why I'm invincible But when you hear my rhyme, it's convincible I don't take no shorts while I'm constructin the ground that makes y'all move around to my hell of a sound Girls drool on me like a dyin [Dr.Dre: Yo Ren, tell'em what they do when you start rhymin] I go to the party. I hip a hop the spot I dunno what it is, but the girls get hot aspirin like they're on fire and their so-called boyfriends with'em are retirin And for this reason I'm a walkin threath So when I'm on stage I want...[Ssssht] [Eazy E: Quiet on tha set] [Light, camera, action] [Eazy E: N.W.A. take] [two] [MC Ren:] Now to get started with my musical profession A gangsta or villain in mine is in session The way that I'm referrin to this makes ya move ya butt but don't stand in a daze, yeah you should know what's up Anyway I keep the clappin along coz nothing bad could go wrong because this song is so strong [?? huh ?? I'm ???] who could ask for anything more  when N.W.A. is cold rockin the floor like stupid, actin like a retard waitin for a bumrush, gettin to the good part It tips me so with temptation writin my lyrics with this hyped information Just look at the center of the stage where the spotlight shines  [Eazy E: Boy you should have known by now] It's mine ! Unpredictable, keepin you extremely enjoyed It's irresistable, meanin that you can't avoid And while I'm on stage, look forward to sweat but after I rip it up I want...[Ssssht] [Eazy E: Quiet on tha set] [Light, camera, action] [Eazy E: N.W.A. take] [three] [MC Ren:] I can be loud as hell, think I will ? [Never] [Ssssht] [Eazy E: Quiet on tha set] Yeah I like that better [?? huh ?? As what I can do ??] I think I earn respect And if I didn't from you, that's what I expect coz if it ain't ruff it ain't me So who really cares how you want me to be See, I'm just me standin at the top of the pile and doin soft known tunes it ain't my style And this concludes our program of how N.W.A. makes a ruthless jam Now first we take an average drum Give it to Dre, and the boy gets dumb It's no secret, that I sit alone at night Pick up a pad and pen and begin to write all kinda lyrics that's promised to play to make everybody say: [They can be cold and ruthless no question about that, but sometimes it's more complicated...] [Eazy E: Yo Dre] [You know what I want you to do ?] [Public Enemy: Bring that beat back, bring that beat back] Now MC Ren is here workin like super glue No matter what I do, I'm always thinkin o' you Coz I'm the pusher, supplyin the fix And this jam's so dope, it don't need a remix But I'm makin obstacles of enemy traps to catch any MC's with the weak-ass raps Crucifyin their [?? huh ??] like just for usin my name The definition is pain, but that's the thing o' the game If they try to retreat, I catch'em one at a time coz they're comittin a crime, and still promotin a rhyme So, you're in the back of me just listen and learn because you'll all get a chance or maybe a turn Now my sideman wants to give a preview so at my next concert I wanna see you there not sittin in a chair standin on yo feet, with yo hand in the air Now I'm about to get out but I'll be back But next time expect the more funkier track deep down for your enjoyment to hear more percussion with lyrics that's smooth to start some discussion The beat that I'm [?? hype ??] and you know that's bad Now continue to dance coz I'm thru with tha set The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: Straight Outta Compton Song: Something 2 Dance 2 Typed by: suitser9@hotmail.com Yo give me somethin' to dance to Calling the police, Calling the g-men Calling all americans Arabian Prince, back wit' a style that's hype Not slow and low, it's the fast type Gettin dumped, can you hear the drums Yo Dre why don't you pump it up some I pumped it up so now what's up Yo Yella boy, add a little cut What the hell, you think we need some bells Yeah, homeboy, might as well There it is, so now what's next A little ssssssssssss So find me a ho, wait a minute You need somethin' else then This is what I want you to do Feel the groove, bust a move Yo I'm tired, what about you Man this is somethin' to dance to Man that's wack, everybody used that Yo, why dont you bring back the other track Yeah there you go that's what I'm sayin I like it when that dope stuffs playin Real loud, in ya ear hole Man let's go, I think my feet are swoll' from dancin' so damn much Maaaaaan, I don't give a what You wanna leave? With all these females pullin on my sleeve I bet, you can jet, homeboy, no sweat This is what I want you to do Feel the groove, bust a move This is somethin' to dance to Let the bass kick Th-th-this is somethin ta dance to(x7) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album:	AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted Song:	The Nigga Ya Love to Hate Typed by: furness@ousd.k12.ca.us I heard payback's a motherfucking nigga That's why I'm sick of gettin treated like a goddamn stepchild Fuck a punk cause I ain't him You gotta deal with the nine-double-M The damn scum that you all hate Just think if niggas decide to retaliate They try to keep me from running up I never tell you to get down it's all about coming up So what they do go and ban the AK? My shit wasn't registered any fucking way So you better duck away run and hide out When I'm rolling real slow and the lights out Cause I'm about to fuck up the program Shooting out the window of a drop-top Brougham When I'm shooting let's see who drop The police the media and suckers that went pop And motherfuckers that say they too black Put em overseas they be begging to come back They say keep em on gangs and drugs Yyou wanna sweep a nigga like me up under the rug Kicking shit called street knowledge Why more niggas in the pen than in college? Now cause of that line I might be your cellmate That's from the nigga ya love to hate BREAK Yeah, ha-ha, it's the nigga you love to hate Ay yo baby, your mother warned you about me It's the nigga you love to hate You do like how I'm living? Well, fuck you Once again it's on, the motherfucking psycho Ice Cube the bitch killa cap peeler Yo runnin through the line like Bo It's no pot to piss in I put my fist in Now who do ya love to hate Cause I talk shit and down the eight-ball Cause I don't fake you're begging I fall off The crossover might as well cut them balls off And get your ass ready for the lynching The mob is droppin common sense and We'll gank in the pen will shank Any Tom Dick and Hank or get the ass  Fake it ain't about how right or wrong you live But how long you live I ain't with the bullshit I meet cold bitches no hoes Don't wanna sleep so I keep popping No-Doz And tell the young people what they gotta know Cause I hate when niggas gotta live low And if you're locked up I dedicate my style in From San Quentin to Rykers Island We got em afraid of the funky shit I like to clown so pump up the sound In the jeep make the old ladies say Oh my god wait it's the nigga ya love to hate BREAK Yeah come on fool It's the nigga you love to hate Yeah run up punk It's the nigga you love to hate A bitch is a....  Soul Train done lost they soul Just call it train cause the bitches look like hoes I see a lotta others damn It almost look like the Bandstand You ask me did I like Arsenio About as much as the bicentennial I don't give a fuck about dissing these fools cause they all scared of the Ice Cube And what I say what I portray and all that And ain't even seen the gat I don't wanna see no dancing I'm sick of that shit listen to the hit Cause yo if I look and see another brother On the video tryin to out-dance each other I'm a tell T-Bone to pass the bottle And don't give me that shit about role model It ain't wise to chastise and preach Just open the eyes of each Cause laws are made to be broken up What niggas need to do is start loc-ing up And build mold and fold theyself into shape Of the nigga ya love to hate The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted Song: AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted Ice Cube with The Lench Mob, I got it goin on A nigga that's livin in the city of the criminal zone One-time can't keep the law in order cos everybody's goin crazy for a quarter You're tuned in to the number one crew in the area The way I'm talkin I'm scarin ya I'm darin ya to raise hell and bail and brag and sag or beat down for ya flag Cos if you is or you ain't a gangbanger Keep one in the chamber Cos you'll get them thangs put on ya son Ice Cube has got the 4-1-1 All the ol' school house fellows are crooks So I get jealous looks They keep thinkin did my hair grow? Will the boys 'n' the hood have to beat down Ice Cube? Hell no, I'll static son, you'll see it's okay I keep my 9 anyway for the day one of my homies wanna squab I'm still rollin wit The Lench Mob (AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted) Back in the day I dip my shirt in dirt Sometimes I got away clean, sometimes people got hurt But if you know me, you know that I'm liable to bust a cap cos it's all about survival of the fittest I'm a menace crook I did so much dirt I need to be in the Guinness Book From the shit I took from people I reap all your fat shit, jack Back to the criminals sect I leave crew after crew but they can't catch me yet Cos I'm slick as slippery They can't get wit me, cops ain't shit to me I can't dig a pig so I drop the dogs and sweat em like sweathogs and get mad, mad cos I'm the nigga that flaunt it AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted Aiyo, here's what the poster read: 'Ice Cube is wanted dead' That's all it said I put heads to bed and fled the scene wit all the green Hear shots and si-reens When I feet first they yo' rings, now they my rings So give it up punk and then I just put another jack in progress It's the American way cos I'm the G-A-N-G-S-T-A Ice Cube - a motherfuckin clepto and tried to catch the early bird but they slept, so who gets the worm? And if I'm caught in a trap you know I'ma beat the wack with a payoff, cop gotta lay off FBI on my dick, stay off! I'm not a rebel or a renegade on a quest I'm a nigga with a 'S' on his chest so get the Kryptonite cos I'm a rip tonight Cos I'm scarin ya, wanted by America (Aiyo Cube man, they on your ass) Word, but who the fuck has heard? It's time to take a trip to the suburbs Let em see a nigga invasion Point blank for the caucasian Cock the hammer then crackle, smile Take me to your house, pal Got to the house, my pockets got fat, see Crack the safe, got the money and the jewellry Three weeks later, I'm at the P-A-D Had a little fly ass bitch wit me Sittin in a dig, yo it couldn't be (Whattup G?) Saw my face on TV Damn (oh shit!) I didn't know I lucked out Struck out, I gotta get the fuck out Pack my bags and tried to hit the dough when the ol' bitch down the street must've turned me in Cos the feds was out there ten deep I got hassled and gaffled in the back seat I think back when I was robbin my own kind The police didn't pay it no mind But when I start robbin the white folks Now I'm in the pen wit the soap-on-a-rope I said it before and I'll still taught it Every motherfucker with a colour is most wanted The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Ice Cube Album:	AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted Song:	What They Hittin' Foe? Typed by: furness@ousd.k12.ca.us Fucking around in a crap game Niggas think I'm soft cause now I'm in the rap game And I don't hang out as much Bang out dope cuts Standing on stage and I'm grabbing my nuts But when it comes to getting in a circle I'm hitting sevens turning broke niggas purple Looking for Little Joe and the dumb nigga scream and choke When deuce-deuce hit the floor yo Now which of ya wanna fade the twenty? I'm turnin your fat pockets skinny Ah yeah I'm shaking the ivory And boom it's like they die for me Fool you can get loud, get mad, hit the joint But don't forget my point There it is yo I put my Nike on the bet so it won't slide Money gone cause I'm never hitting deuce-five I'm never hitting four-trey no way You wanna leave but come on hoe stay Nigga see but that'll work Poppa needs brand-new shoes and a sweatshirt Fool you can't even fuck with that And now that I'm winning I gots to get my gat Cause I see your homies starting to look And broke motherfuckers they make the best crooks And I'm feeling like a baller Bucking fools now the circles getting smaller Now you wanna go and scheme Punk niggas like you just love to triple-team So I pick up my money and start walking Cause now I let the gat start talking Now since ya'll lost you wanna go out like a sucker Take that motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: 	AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted Song:	You Can't Fade Me Typed by: furness@ousd.k12.ca.us Now the taste of alcohol is filling up my bladder What's the date and time it don't matter Had a pocket full of phone numbers I was trying to sort To make a long story short Ran into this girl named Carla Knew her from the back seat of my homie's Impala She said what's up yeah what's the deal Check the hairdo of course it ain't real Then I looked down she was fat in the front I asked how long, well about seven months Oh how time flies when you're having fun She said yeah but the damage is done Where you been, on a little vacation Oh by the way congratulations Who's the lucky man? I don't have a clue Then she said the lucky man is you I dropped my brew And everything looked fuzzy Not a baby by you the neighborhood hussy She said yeah remember that date I thought back and tried to calculate Then I said damn are you sure it's mine Cause I know you been tossed plenty of times She said that day no I wasn't whoring Your ass is mine that's when the sweat started pouring Cause all I saw was Ice Cube in court Paying a gang on child support Then I thought deep about giving up the money What I need to do is kick the bitch in the tummy Naw cause then I'd really get faded That's murder one cause it was premeditated So what I'm a do I don't have a clue How many months left damn only two I'm gettin faded No cigar, G Ay yo homey man I'm getting faded It's crazy cause before I could sleep with her I had to duck and dodge and try to creep with her See the booty and the front was all in place But the girl had the pitbull face So we ran jumped drove swam crawled hid Oh lord god forbid My homies see me at the motel Cause those fools would love to just go tell Everybody in the hood that knows your rep So jump in the back seat and quiet is kept And hold your big fat butt steady Cause yo hoe I got the paper bag ready She started moaning and gobbling like a turkey I knocked the boots from here to Albuquerque I dropped her off man and I'm knowing That I'm a hate myself in the morning I got drunk to help me forget Yo another day another hit shit I'm gettin faded Ay yo you know what time it is Nine months later she's ready to drop the load And everybody in the hood already knows It's supposed to be mine so they laughing at me You know Ice Cube can't be having that G I'm thinking to myself why did I bang her Now I'm in the closet looking for the hanger JD and Jinx and T-Bone won't let up they won't shut up I'm gettin fed up bitch Cause I know you're tryin to break me But if I find out your tryin to fake me I'm a buff that duff for a hoot Beat ya down and leave a crown or two That night she went into labor And the shit is getting kinda major The baby came out damn it was a lifesaver Looking like my next-door neighbor She said it was mine that was her best guess But let's check the results of the blood test I started smiling yeah cause it read negative Damn why did I let her live? After that I should've got the gat And bust and rushed and illed and peeled the cap But no I just told the hoe who laid me Excuse me bitch it's a switch You can't fade me Naw baby not this way Yo you ain't playing Ice Cube out like no booger I don't fall for the okey-doke And before I fall for the okey-doke I let the pistol smoke Now sing it Yeah baby you can't fade me Naw unfadable baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted Song: Once Upon a Time in the Projects Once upon a time in the projects, yo I damn near had to wreck a ho I knocked on the door - "Who is it?" It's Ice Cube, come to pay a little visit to ya And what's up with the niggers in the parking lot She said fuck em, cause they get sparked alot I sat on the couch but it wasn't stable and then I put my Nikes on the coffee table Her brother walked in he's into gangbangin cause he walked up and said "what set you claimin" I don't bang I write the good rhymes The whole scenery reminded me of Good Times I hate to feel bad but I'm in a rut by a young nigga that needs to pull his pants up Her mother came in with a joint in her mouth and fired up the sess it was sess no doubt  She said please excuse my house and all that I said yeah cause I was buzzed from the contact Lookin at a fucked up black and white her mom's bitchin cause the county check wasn't right She had another brother that was three years old and had a bad case of the runny nose He asked me who I was then I had to pause It smelled like he took a shit in his little drawers I saw her sister that needs get her ass kicked only thirteen and already pregnant I grabbed the forty out the bag and took a swig cause I was getting overwhelmed by BeBe Kids They were runnin and playin and cursin and yellin and tellin and look at this young punk bailin I heard a knock on the door without the password and her mom's got the 12 guage Mossberg The nigga said "yo, what's for sale" and the bitch came out with a bag of ya-yo She made the drop and got the 20 dollars from a smoked out fool with ring around the collar The girl I was waiting for came out I said BITCH I DIDN'T KNOW THIS WAS A CRACK HOUSE I got my coat and SUDDENLY ...  (police breaking into house annoucing themselves) The cop busted in and had a Mac-10 pointed to my dome and I said to myself once again it's on He threw me on the carpet no slap jumped back stomped on my head and put his knee in my back First he tried to wrap me up, slap me up, rough me up They couldn't do it so they cuffed me up I said FUCK how much abuse can a nigga take Hey yo officer you're making a big mistake Since I had on a shirt that said I was dope He thought I was selling base and couldn't hear my case He said get out my face I musta had a grudge His reply tell that bullshit to the judge The girl I was with wasn't sayin nothin I said AIYYO BITCH you better tell em SOMETHIN She started draggin and all of a sudden we all got tossed in the patty wagon Now I beat the rap but that ain't the point I had a warrant so I spent 2 weeks in the joint Now the story you heard has one little object DON'T FUCK WITH A BITCH FROM THE PROJECTS! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Ice Cube Album:	AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted Song:	Turn Off the Radio Typed by: furness@ousd.k12.ca.us Turn on the radio take a listen What you're missing Personally I'm sick of the ass-kissing What I'm kicking to you won't get rotation Nowhere in the nation Program directors and DJ's ignored me Cause I simply said fuck Top Forty And top thirty top twenty and top ten Until you put more hip-hop in Then I might grin but don't pretend that you're down with the C And go and dis me in a magazine How could you figure the brother could dig ya DJ face down in the river No it's not a threat but a promise I'm as  Crazy as they come see  Mama didn't love me All I got is my nine And to calm the savage beast here's the Alpine Tune in to the radio listen for a minute Yo G stick a fucking tape in it Cause all the radio do is gangle That R&B love triangle If you're out there kicking it with the brothers You don't care about lovers You wanna hear a young nigga on the mic Going buck wild Throwing and flowing and showing new styles That's where I'm coming from Reality that's what they're running from So if you're down with Ice Cube let me know that you know Yo turn off the radio The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube, Chuck D Album: AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted Song: Tales From the Darkside Typed by: OHHLA.com Verse One: Ice Cube Peace - don't make me laugh! All I hear is motherfuckers rappin sucotash Livin large, tellin me to get out the gang I'm a nigga, gotta live by the trigger How the fuck do you figure? that I can say peace and the gunshots will cease?! Every cop killer goes ignored They just send another nigga to the morgue A point scored- they could give a fuck about us They rather catch us with guns and white powder If I was old, they'd probably be a friend of me Since I'm young, they consider me the enemy They kill ten of me to get the job correct To serve, protect, and break a niggas neck Cuz I'm the one with the trunk of funk And 'Fuck tha Police' in the tape deck You should listen to me cuz there's more to see Call my neighborhood a ghetto cuz it houses minorities The other color don't know you can run but not hide These are tales from the darkside... Verse Two: You wanna free Africa, I stare at yuh Cuz we ain't got it too good in America I can't fuck with them overseas My homeboy died over a key of cocaine It was plain and simple The 9mm went to the temple  was the sound I put the bitch down And ran to the schoolyard bathroom Looked in the trash can yo it had room So I ducked my ass in it for a minute Covered with trash I had to lay back Mad as fuck, thinkin' about the payback Tonite the crew gonna have a little fun I went home and cut the barrel of my shotgun It's gettin critical - I stole a 5.0 I let it go - drive real slow I yelled out 'Ice Cube sucka' The shot-gun kicked - and it murdered motherfuckers I told you last album when I got a sawed off, bodies are hauled off Its a shame, that niggas die young But to the light side it don't matter none It'll be a drive by homicide But to me its just another tale from the darkside... Verse Three: Chuck D Standing in the middle of war In the middle we flex When we die, we won't make +Jet+ +Ebony+ can't see to the lightside The term they apply to us is a nigga Call it what you want, cause I'm comin from the coroner Sayin my rhymes with a Ph.D. Who's black - don't wanna role - sells his soul Watch his head go rollin Who the fuck are they foolin? Nobody knows, but I suppose the color of my clothes Matches the color of the one on my face as they wonder whats under my waist [Standin on the verge] of them gettin brown thats a fact got a fear on their bozack Run, run, run, their ass off, they can not hide Yet Cube, they can't fuck with the darkside! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted Song: A Gangsta's Fairytale Intro: Little Russ, Ice Cube [story-teller] Once upon a time, in the black part of the city  [young kid] Yo G, yo G you better get out of here man, 5-0 [door swings shut, car peels out] [Russ] Yo Ice Cube, man [Cube] Whassup man? [Russ] Why you... [Cube] Whassup? [Russ] Yo Ice Cube man, why you always kickin the shit about the bitches  and the niggaz? Why don't you kick some shit about the kids, man? The fuckin kids?! [Cube] Word Verse One: Ice Cube Little boys and girls, they all love me Come sit on the lap of I-C-E And let me tell ya a story or two About a punk-ass nigga I knew Named Jack, he wasn't that nimble, wasn't that quick Jumped over the candlestick and burnt his dick Ran up the street cause he was piping hot Met a bitch named Jill on the bus stop Dropped a line or two, and he had the hoe At that type of shit he's a pro So Jack and Jill ran up the hill to catch a lil nap Dumb bitch, gave him the claps Then he had to go see Dr. Bombay Got a shot in the ass, and he was on his way To make some money, why not? Down on Sesame Street, the dope spot There he saw the lady who lived in a shoe Sold dope out the front, but in back, marijuana grew For the man that was really important Who lived down the street in a Air Jordan Ride to the fellow Mister Rogers and hoes Drove a 500 sittin on Lorenzoes He broke out, Little Bo Peep, smoked out Saw, her and her friends sellin sheepskins [Little Bo Peep] Yo yo I got them sheepskins      Yo, my empty sheepskins      Yo baby, what's up with that? Hickory dickory dock, it was twelve o'clock Cinderella ain't home must be givin up the cock I don't doubt it, she is kind of freaky of course Had a fight with Snow White, she was fuckin her dwarfs Saw a fight over colors, too Red Riding Hood, and Little Boy Blue A bad influence? Yo I don't know But Ice Cube'll tell the kids how the story should go Interlude: Little Russ Yeah money, that's it, yeah money, that's it This is Little Russ in the house Rock that shit homey, rock that shit! [Well, you know the rest] Verse Two: Ice Cube Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall With a joint, drinkin some 8-ball Three little pigs in a Coup de Ville Lookin for, the wolf to kill They're fucked up and they want revenge Them and Humpty used to be friends Now they're enemies cause he's a traitor Pulled out the Uzi cruised by and sprayed him Cinderella hoeing for the fellas And Mister Rogers is gettin mighty jealous Of the cash that the pigs were makin Time for the pigs to get turned to bacon Cause Mister Rogers found out quick That Humpty Dumpty was blown to bits They said that the motherfuckin wolf was next So Mister Rogers better watch his step So he let the wolf know We're gonna fuck up the pigs, and take their ho Cause Cinderella is much too fast Before twelve, givin up ass Double barrels all loaded and cocked As soon as they show, they gonna get popped They bailed down Sesame Street and caught em Little Boy Blue is up front givin orders Little did they know Cinderella was a fink She called the cops and got thrown in the clink A bad influence? Yo, I don't know But Ice Cube'll tell the kids how the stories should go Outro: Little Russ, Ice Cube [Cube] Aiyyo man was that dope enough for you? [Russ] Yeah you aight, you in the house   We outta here, seeeee-yaaaaa [Cube] Yeah you better go home before I whoop your little bad ass [Barney Rubble] Some bedtime story huh? [Bugs Bunny] It's a nice place to visit, but I wouldn't wanna live here [Andrew Dice Clay] Ay, good ol' Mother Goose, remember her? I fucked her The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Ice Cube f/ Flavor Flav Album:	AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted Song:	I'm Only Out for One Thang Typed by: furness@ousd.k12.ca.us (Flavor Flav) Well two bees in a bucket Mother motherfuck it You either Flavor Flav it Or you Chuck Chuck Chuck it Kiss my ass or suck a D.I.C.- K. stands for kill so don't fuck with me I fucked that lady in the bed I missed that pussy and I bust a spread I tried it again in a thumping wagon The bottom fell out and her ass started dragging Tried it again and I failed to grasp I missed that pussy and I bust my ass Then I fucked this lady in the tree The baby came out and said "Run-DMC" (Ice Cube)  I knew this girl who looked just like you Light brown and a fly hair-do I wanted to do her, screw her So I stepped to her On-key bitch had more ass than a donkey I said you're the type of girl that I can't pass over Give me one chance and I'll bend your ass over Just call me the plumber at the end of the night Cause a nigga like me'll lay plenty of pipe She didn't get offended it was splendid to me Cause mister nice guy is what I pretended to be I guess I just wine her and dine her And by the end of the night I'll be behind her Waxing that ass like Rain Dance On the bumper get the pussy then I dump her Took her to the Comfort Inn Tucked her in Pulled out the third leg pumped it in She said will you call me Yeah I'll call you a bitch or a hoe after I ball ya Naw I'm just playin but it's still the same Cause a nigga like Ice Cube is only out for one thang The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Ice Cube Album:	AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted Song:	Get Off My Dick and Tell Yo Bitch to Come Here Typed by: furness@ousd.k12.ca.us Some don't think I can flow So here we go  To a new track To show the wack That I can throw styles that show up I blow up and blast here Niggas still tripping off the shit I said last year About a bitch is bitch is a bitch is a bitch Then I got rich but I'll never switch So I dedicate this one to the groupie And the Charlie all on my Snoopy Brothers keep asking Ice Cube yo when will you bust They surround me and make a big fuss Now I was taught back on my block That you don't ride on nobody's jock For anything they do Fuck him and his crew Unless you were gettin paid too I'm not saying this to dis each and every fan Women you can ride but man be a man Shake my hand and make it a firm shake Say what's up Ice Cube and then break Cause if you're hangin there I'm a tell you loud and clear Get off my my dick nigga and tell your bitch to come here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Ice Cube Album:	AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted Song:	Rollin' Wit the Lench Mob Typed by: furness@ousd.k12.ca.us You can't fuck with the criminal rapping over gangsta shit First I load the clip and then I make the hit I know some y'all can't fade this Lench Mob niggas are the craziest So you and your boys are ass-out When I'm rollin in a seven-deuce glass house The Mob ain't nothing but a menace When we get the motherfucking dog in us Playing them old beats I'm pouring out some of my beer for my homies Ready to peel your cap You can't believe "Faces of Death" on wax Some say the Mob ain't positive Man fuck that shit cause I gots to live How I live and you could either give a fuck punk Yo or get your ass bucked Some rappers are heaven-sent But Self-Destruction don't pay the fucking rent So you can either sell dope or get your ass a job I'd rather roll it wit the Lench Mob To be down with the Mob is simple Mind your own you want a spot find your own And take mine if you're badder than the strong man I do the right thing I do the wrong thing Do anything cause I ain't faking the scene It's all about how much bacon you bring And if you see something from the gat I will stuff it Yo you ain't seen nothing Cause if you testify you're living blind Cause in the city you live and let die Rolling with the fools One Time can't beat On my knees in the street interlock my hands and feet He said "I know you" I said "you might My name is Ice Cube I did a song you didn't like" So he soaked me up like Bounty Had to do a week in the county A piece of cake it was just like a party Cause in the county you know everybody No I didn't kill or steal or rob Locked up for what cause I'm rollin wit the Lench Mob If you know a female that's rollin with the Lench Mob Watch your step cause the gat is kept In the purse like my homegirl Yo-Yo You gotta be down and you can't be a hoe no Cause if you are I'll be the first one to bust you out After my crew I'll be the first one to rush you out Get the picture or bitch You'll get the eighty-six If she wanna try and mix Business and pleasure make up your own mind You gotta be a hoe on your own time Don't sleep cause even on a solo creep Yo the Mob is still deep And we'll play ya just like a nit-wit You thought you got with the crew you can't get with So get the noose ready for the lynching Now 235 is what I'm benching But nowadays it's still not enough I got something guaranteed to stop the bum rush Give me the gat, step back, and watch me do the job Rolling with the motherfucking Lench Mob The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Ice Cube Album:	AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted Song:	Who's the Mack?  Straight gangsta mack  Straight gangsta mack  Straight gangsta mack  Straight gangsta mack  Who's the mack? is it some brother in a big hat  Thinking he can get any bitch with a good rap?  Rolling in a fucked-up Lincoln  Leaning to the side So it looks like he's sinking  Into that leopard interior  This nigga thinks every girl's inferior  To his tongue, get a dumb bitch sprung  As she's selling more butt  Don't even get a cut of the money  His name is Sonny  And he know the play  And hope to od that he don't find a runaway  That's looking to become a star  He'll have your ass in and out of every car  With every on and Rick, sucking every john's dick  Come short of the money, get your ass kicked  You don't like it but you still call him hunk  Last night the nigga put yo' ass in the trunk  You wanna leave but Sonny started talking fast  And it make you wanna go and sell more ass  He's getting rich, you his bitch and it's like that  Now ask yourself  Who's the mack?  Who's the mack?  It is that fool that wanna pump the gas  Give you a sad story and you give him cash?  He starts macking and macking and you sucking  Quick to say I'm down on my luck  And you give a dollar or a quarter and he's on his way  Then you see his sorry ass the next day  Are you the one getting played like a sucka?  Or do you say, "Get a job, motherfucker"?  Every day, the story gets better  He's wearing dirty pants and a funky-assed sweater  He claims he wants to get something to eat  But every day you find yourself getting beat  He gets your money and you run across the street don't look both ways  'cause he's in a daze  And almost get his ass hit for the crack  Now ask yourself Who's the mack?  Who's the Mack?  Is it that nigga in that club asking  Have you ever been in a hot tub?  I know the game so I watch it unfold  When i see the boy pinned to your earlobe  He's talking shit and you crack a smile  When he tell you that he can go buck wild  For a girl like you and make it feel good  You know it's drama but it sound real good  He started dragging and hopefully he can start tagging  The pussy so he can keep bragging  He say, "I'm 'a leave baby, can you go with me?"  The pussy so he can keep bragging  You wanna do it but you feeling like a H-O-E  You grab his hand, you leave and it's over  'Cause the nigga ain't nothing but a rover  Ya knew the game and you still ended up on your back  Now ask yourself  Who's the Mack?  Macking is the game and everybody's playing  And as long as you believe what they saying  Consider the a M.A.C.K. and with no delay  They are gonna get all the play  But when it comes to me, save the drama for your momma  It's Ice Cube and you know that I'm a  Mack in my own right  When it comes to rhyme and rap  'cause all i do is kick facts  Unlike Iceberg Slimm  And all of them be claimin' be P.I.M.P.  No, I'm not going out that way  I'm just a straight up N I double G A  Next time U get over on a fool  And you did the shit like real smooth Thank Ice Cube for giving up the facts  And ask yourself  Who's the Mack?  Straight gangsta Mack  Straight gangsta Mack  Straight gangsta Mack  Straight gangsta Mack The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Ice Cube f/ Yo-Yo Album:	AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted Song:	It's A Man's World Typed by: furness@ousd.k12.ca.us (Ice Cube) Women they're good for nothing no maybe one thing To serve needs to my ding-a-ling I'm a man who loves the one-night stand Cause after I do ya Huh I never knew ya Cause to kick it man it gives me the fits They wanna lay with they nose under your armpits Ice Cube won't wait so give it up cow After we do it you can go home now I'm a brother with a big long... (Yo-Yo) First of all let me tell you my name it's Yo-Yo When down on a girl first the fist and that's a no-no Yo-Yo thinks the kitchen sink should be thrown in Niggas be scheming and fiending to stick the bone in No, Yo-Yo's not a hoe or a whore And if that's what you're here for Exit through the door There's more To see of me but you're blind so Women like me are fading brothers in the 9-0 (Ice Cube) Ay what up buttercupper Miss Yo-Yo I know you like to rap and like to flow so But when it comes to hip-hop this is a man's world Stay down and play the playground you little girl (Yo-Yo) What you're saying I don't consider it as rapping Cause you're on rewind and I'm the new what's-happening It never fails I'll always get respect And you lose so take a rain check (Ice Cube) Hell no cause you know that I'm first and you're second If it wasn't for me you probably be pregnant And barefoot complaining that your back is aching Shaking and faking while I'm bringing home the bacon (Yo-Yo) Well you're mistaken It's not going that far I make brothers like you play the back yard You used to flow with the title but I took it Bring home the bacon but find another hoe to cook it (Ice Cube) Damn it look it Cause you're talking a lot of bull (Yo-Yo) Well I'm not your puppet so don't even try to pull (Ice Cube) This is a man's world thank you very much (Yo-Yo) But it wouldn't be a damn thing without a woman's touch (Ice Cube) Ah Miss Yo-Yo so what gives I hear females always talkin about women's lib Well get your own crib And stay there Instead of having more babies for the welfare Cause if you don't I'll label you a gold digger The name is Ice Cube you know that I ain't the nigga For you to look at when your hair get nappy So take a piece of the pole and be happy (Yo-Yo) Hell no because to me you're not a thriller You come in the room with your three-inch killer Thinking you can do damage to my backbone Leave your child in the yard until it's full-grown I'm a put it like this my man Without us your hand would be your best friend So give us credit like you know you should If I don't look good you don't look good (Ice Cube) I doubt it baby cause we're still most dominant (Yo-Yo) But you don't know how funky that I can get (Ice Cube) This is a man's world thank you very much (Yo-Yo) But it wouldn't be a damn thing without a woman's touch (Ice Cube) Man women I put a lot of fear in em Cause I had it up to here with em Drink a beer with em No way cause I can only deal with em about an hour every day Yeah if you know what I mean baby (Yo-Yo-) Well I guess now that I think about it I think maybe If you was more of a man instead of faking it Women deserve the credit when they're making it (Ice Cube) Yeah so what's the problem (Yo-Yo) Well I think we solved it I know they know the best male from who's doggin it (Ice Cube) Yeah I admit you can flow (Yo-Yo) Well that's true (Ice Cube) But you see I'm a pro with the bank too (Yo-Yo) Yeah I can see you got it good (Ice Cube) Oh that I know (Yo-Yo) But you see you're not better than Yo-Yo The brand-new intelligent black lady (Ice Cube) You're kinda dope but you still can't fade me (Yo-Yo) So what up then (Ice Cube) Girl what you tryin to do (Yo-Yo) To prove a black woman like me can bring the funk through (Ice Cube) This is a man's world thank you very much (Yo-Yo) But it wouldn't be a damn thing without a woman's touch (Ice Cube) Or a big butt... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted Song: The Bomb It's like a holocaust to the boss when I toss Too much knowledge kicked then you're lost In a shuffle of feet, Jinx the fiddler And I control your mind like Hitler You bow and vow to authority See now, a sucker with a style just boring me So I show K.N.O.W. L.E.D.G.E. it might trouble you Then I transform like a Decepticon With a mic as a bomb In my right palm But I don't stay calm So panic Others can't flow so they go schizophrenic You thought I dropped a dud in your face Until you taste the blood of the bass Then you faint, or better yet pass out When I'm on the mic, believe it's ass out You think you're raw so you draw You lose, you're hung, you bite your tongue The whole town saw in awe as you strangle A noose on your neck, and you dangle From side to side in the blazing heat You're beat, you're dead, the fools fell off You feel you're turning red, it's said That your head burst And this is only the first verse Of the bomb (Break) Don't break up the fight let them rumble Over the years I've watched some go super-bad quick Now the smell of the pen has got them sick to the stomach Now ask yourself, who's stupid? I take funky funky beats and I loop it And pimp slap you in the face with the bass And the boom from the bomb that I drop Stop You have a flat top as a fashion I love Black women with a passion But when they gotta go and show their ass in I gotta clown the hoes, yeah You gotta watch the ones with the big derrieres They'll steer you wrong Ice Cube's got it going on, hit me For the gangster boogie two times for the gangster rhyme The system ain't wholesome They want to put a young brother in Folsom And others see me on lockdown But I come up foul then they get knocked out, word To the brother that rolls the herb Everybody getting knocked to the curb like that Jinx got the gat, and it's a fact He'll kick a funky beat to peel your cap Now who's the mack? Who's the hoe? Who's the trick? I got many, many styles won't you take a pick But don't be alarmed When I trip and stumble and fumble And drop the (rewind) Drop the bomb (Break) I'm solo, you ask how I'm living Still dropping more shit than a pigeon With the L, the E, the N, the C, the H, The M, the O, the B, the great Lyrics that make the beat swing and I gotcha It's the hip-hopper that don't like coppers And if you try to upset the pot son You get kicked in the chest like a shotgun I make the beats, I make the breaks I make the rhymes that make you shake Make you find Ice Cube never caught in the middle I make shit to kick you in the ass a little And still never hesitate to stutter step Or bust a repitition on the mic Still dissing all the hype From left to right How many left to fight? So what that Lench Mob like? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Public Enemy Album: Kill at Will EP Song: Tales From the Darkside (Remix) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Tom Brokaw] Good Evening! - this is Los Angles A city with many claims on America, including this one  It is now the gang Capital of the nation Last year alone, there were 452 gang related murders In the various Los Angles area We will see if there's anything we can be done about all of this It's just another nigga dead -------> Ice Cube It's just another nigga dead -------> Ice Cube (*Sample of L.A.P.D Sirens*) [Ice Cube] Peace, don't make me laugh! All I hear is motherfuckers rapping sucotash Living large, telling me to get out the gang I'm a nigga, got to live by the trigger How the fuck do you figure? That I can say peace and the gunshots will cease?! Every cop killing goes ignored They just send another nigga to the morgue A point scored, they could give a fuck about us They rather catch us with guns and white powder If I was old, they'd probably be friend of me Since I'm young, they consider me the enemy They kill ten of me to get the job correct To serve, protect, and break a nigga's neck Cause I'm the one with the trunk of funk And Fuck the Police in the tape deck You should listen to me, cause there's more to see Call my neighborhood a ghetto cause it houses minorities The other color don't know you can run but not hide These are tales from the darkside Endangered Species It's just another nigga dead ------> Ice Cube Endangered Species [Chuck D]  All of us say it, Danger damn!! [Skit #1: Quotes from Trespass movie by King James (Ice-T)] No, no, no, no, no, no, please No, no, no, no, no, no, don't shoot Don't shoot, don't shoot, no don't shoot [Ice Cube] You wanna free Africa? - I stare at ya Cause we ain't got it too good in America I can't fuck with them overseas My homeboy died over a key of cocaine, it was plain and simple The 9 millimeter went (*pop*) to the temple (*pop pop pop*) was the sound  I put the bitch down, and ran to the schoolyard bathroom Looked in the trash can, yo, it had room So I ducked my ass in it for a minute Covered with trash, I had to lay back Mad as fuck, thinking about the payback Tonight the crew gonna have a little fun I went home and cut the barrel of my shotgun It's getting critical, I stole a 5.0 I let it go, drive real slow I yelled out: Ice Cube sucker The shot gun kicked, and it murdered motherfuckers I told you last album when I got a sawed off, bodies are hauled off It's a shame, that niggaz die young But to the light side, it don't matter none It'll be a drive by homicide But to me, it's just another tale from the darkside [Skit #2: Patrol Cops pulling someone over] [Cop #1] Just walk out, out your car! [Cop #2] You're under conrol [Girl:-] I told you, to look out (*Sample of L.A.P.D Sirens*) [Nigga] Shut up, bitch!! [Flavor Flav] Yo Chuck, these devilish people, they're still fronting on us Let them know we can do this, the PO wants to do this Ha ha, yeaaaaahhhh boyyyyyyyyy [Chuck D] Standing in the middle of war, the minute we flex When we die, we won't make Jet Ebony, can't see to the lightside The term they apply to us is a nigga Call it what you want, cause I'm coming from the coroner Saying my rhymes without Ph.D. Who's black? - don't wanna role, sells his soul Watch his head go rolling Who the fuck are they fooling? Nobody knows, but I suppose the color of my clothes Matches the color of the one on my face As they wonder what's under my waist "Standing on the verge.." of them getting brown that's a fact Got a fear on their bozack Run, run, run, their ass off, they can not hide Yet Cube, they can't fuck with the darkside Endangered Species It's just another nigga dead --------> Ice Cube [Skit #3: Quotes from Trespass movie by King James (Ice-T)] No, no, no, no, no, no, please No, no, no, no, no, no, please man No, no, no, no, no, no, please Wait, don't shoot Don't shoot, no don't shoot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Kill at Will Song: Jackin For beats Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Wait a minute, hold on, get your ass up  Whassup nigga? Get over there... shit  Ya lil punk ass nigga C'mere, c'mere, c'mere boy God damnit you stop that shit now   Take him to jail and get him the hell from in front of this house Now wait a minute, wait a minute, hey man  Whassup? Wait a minute?   There are police, go! Verse One: Give me that beat fool, it's a full time jack move Chilly Chill, yo homie mack the track move And I'll jack any Tom, Dick and Hank That's the name of the SUCKERS I done ganked I get away from a copper Drop a dime, I'll break you off somethin proper With the L-E-N-C-H-M-O-B T-Bone and that's J.D. And here's how we'll greet ya Stop fool, come off that beat ya feel dumb cause you're caught in the dark (ya lil nuttin ass mark) Raise up, cause you cant' have it back You said - "I ain't never got gaffled like that" Off the end of the gat you choke Short Dog's in the house - "Whattup loc?" Nuttin but a come up Gimme that bass, and don't try to run up Cause you'll get banked somethin sweet Ice Cube and the Lench Mob, is jackin for beats Verse Two: Huh, and even if you're down with my crew *Yo Chuck man, i dodn't understand this man  You got to slow down* I jack them too And then we'll freak it Kick that bass, and look what we did Fade the grade, played, and made a few mil and I keep stealin Ice Cube'll make it funky But right about now - *let's get up in the hump* But I don't party and shake my butt I leave that to the brothers with the funny haircurs And it'll drive you nuts Steal your beat, and give it that gangsta touch Like jackin at night Say hi to the three fifty-seven I'm packin And it sounds so sweet Ice Cube and the Lench Mob, is jackin for beats Verse Three: Ice Cube, will take a funky beat and reshape it Locate a dope break, and then I break it And give it that gangsta lean Dead in your face as I turn up the bass I make punk suckers run and duck because I don't try to hide cause you know that I love to jack a fool for his beat and then I'm Audi So when I come to your town don't crowd me Cause I know, you're gonna wanna kick it with me But I know, none of y'all can get with me So you think you're protected Well you are til you put a funky beat on a record Then I have to show and prove and use your groove Cause suckers can't fade the Cube And if I jack you and you keep comin I'll have you marks a 100 Miles and Running! *stop stop stop stop stop!  sa-prize, niggaz* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Ice Cube Album:	Kill at Will EP Song:	Get Off My Dick and Tell Yo Bitch to Come Here (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Flavor Flav] Stay off his dick! Nigga, some don't think I can flow, so here we go  to a new track, to show the wack, that I can throw styles that show up, I blow up and blast here Niggaz still trippin off the shit I said last year About a bitch is a bitch is a hoe is a slut And I don't like niggaz on my nuts! So I dedicate this one to the groupie And the Charlie, all on my Snoopy Brothers keep askin, "Ice Cube yo when will you bust" They surround me and make a big fuss Now I was taught, back on my block That you don't ride on nobody's jock for anything they do, FUCK him and his crew Unless, you were gettin paid too! I'm not saying this to diss each and every fan Women you can ride, man be a man! Shake my hand, and make it a FIRM shake Say, "Whattup Ice Cube?" and then break Cause if you're hangin there I'ma tell you loud and clear Get off my my dick nigga, and tell your bitch to come here * cut n scratch of Flavor Flav saying "stay off his dick"  and Ice Cube saying "all on my Snoopy" * * cut n scratch of Flavor Flav saying "yo yo check this out"  and Ice Cube saying "I'ma tell you loud and clear" * [Ice Cube] Motherfucker, back up off me I'm not signin no autographs, I'm not givin no free t-shirts And I'm not HAVIN none of this bullshit you're talkin YouknowhatI'msayin? ("Get off my dick nigga, and tell your bitch to come here") I step into the club, to rub-a-dub It seems like all the little hoes fall in love with my money, cause yo about a year ago I was just your ordinary average everyday crazy ass bro But you know, I just can't be equal Cause they know, I know a lot of famous people But to a one-night stand, there's no sequel Here's the pickle, pretend it's a popsicle See for a fat booty, I do damage They think I'm a star, so I take advantage It's just another Ice Cube groupie test She's a hoe cause they knew her at the front desk Told her to meet me, at the room 110 And the bitch showed up, with her boyfriend I let him in, all he could do was grin He had a camera, a t-shirt, a pad and pen He said, "Yo Ice Cube, can you sign this?" I only did it cause his bitch was the finest She blew me a kiss and gave a bitter frown Like - how can we get rid of this clown? Me and her sat down, he got a little jealous Cause his punk ass sat in the middle of us And he asked me question after question It felt like a motherfuckin interview session Then his girl got up, I heard the do' shut And he was still there, swingin from my nuts I said, "Get the FUCK out!" and made it loud and clear Get off my dick nigga, and tell your bitch to come here 	I see me about ten mark ass motherfuckers fans 	knock on the door, talkin about whassup? 	Yo man, it was about a hundred and twenty dicks man 	Niggaz start, niggaz comin out of hotel rooms 	without no bitches! 	They can get gaffled like they in a motherfuckin raffle 	Punk ass [Ice Cube] Yo, I respect the respectable If your girl is all on my dick, check the hoe Say, "Yeah that nigga he can rap fly But you know, stars are up in the sky" Cause all I got is hard dick, and bubblegum Just ran out my last stick is where I'm comin from I'm not tellin you to diss Mr. Ice Cube Cause you know, I'm the one that can show and prove Now groupie girls, I just make em wait But the groupie boys, I can't tolerate I hate it so much, I'ma start givin stitches to the niggaz that's starin like bitches Cause I'm not a fairy, a Mary or a faggot Gimme the eye, I'll fly, and tag it Now you see? Jockin ain't healthy Cause you think that I'm young and I'm wealthy? With juice, so I see you try to run behind But I'ma tell you punk, you gets none of mine Cause I was taught, see a fool, use a fool by the niggaz who terrorized the old school So don't try me or buy me a beer Just stay off my dick nigga * echoes * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Kill at Will EP Song: The Product Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I was told, cause I didn't witness the whole act In and out was the movement of the bozack It was hot and sweaty and lots of pushin Then the nut came gushin And it was hell tryin to bail to the ovary With nuttin but the Lord lookin over me I was white with a tail But when I reached the finish line, young black male! One cell made two, and two cells made fo' and so on, so now I'm a embryo Then I got a hunch that I'ma be on lockdown, for nine months Chillin, with my mother to guide me And nuttin but a stomach to hide me from all that worry and bullshit Nine months later, I elbow pull and kick cause my time is up and I don't care With one big push, I'm outta there June 15th, it's just my luck In 1969, a nigga is the product "Ghetto ass nigga, you ain't shit,  and you ain't gon' never be shit!" I learned how to walk and talk and all that They put me in school, but it don't matter Cause I'm sittin in history Learnin bout a sucker, who didn't give a fuck about me They try to shape us But I know Uncle Sam is a motherfuckin rapist So I stopped payin attention Ice Cube, headed, straight to detention Fuck that shit, I roam the hallways I'm sent home and I don't got all A's A high school dropout My father had beef so I tried to knock pops out But I got tossed, he's the boss I'm out of there and mad cause I lost Now bein on my own is a factor So I become, the neighborhood jacker Gimme your car, run your jewels Makin a livin robbin fools And if I let my nine rang out You know, it'll make your brains hang out So what's your fate? Am I the nigga you love, or the one you love to hate? The wrong answer is said, the nigga fled I pump lead, now he's in a puddle of red And if you got a buck, you're shit out of luck Stuck up by the motherfuckin product "Uh-uh motherfucker you gots to get a job  if you wanna stay in my motherfuckin house" "Many young men reject the traditional values  that are important to their parents.  Church, school and family  have been replaced by street, turf, and gang." Twenty-one now, and paid in full Feelin bad, from all the shit I pulled on people back in the day Plus, I got a little baby on the way So I'm tryin to go straight I'm with my baby's momma, out on a date Til the punk ass cops ran my plate Now I'm on a bus upstate "Oh, the young nigga done caught a case!" 	"Sittin in the mess hall, sayin my grace" -> LL Cool J Sent to a concrete hoe-house Where all the products go, no doubt Yo momma, I gotta do eleven Livin in a five by seven Dear baby, your man's gettin worn out of seein young boys gettin they assholes torn out And then he got shanked with a spoon And he was 'sposed to get out soon Is it my fault, he was caught in production Where a young black life means nothin Just because, I didn't want to learn your grammar you say I'm better off in the slammer And it's drivin me batty Cause my little boy, is missin daddy I'm ashamed, but the fact is I wish pops let me off on the mattress Or should I just hang from the top bunk But that's goin out like a punk My life is FUCKED! But it ain't my fault, cause I'm the motherfuckin product "He ain't shit" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Kill at Will Song: Dead Homiez Typed by: OHHLA.com Verse One: Up early in the morning, dressed in black Don't ask why? 'Cause I'm down in a suit and tie They killed a homie that I went to school with(Damn!) I tell ya life ain't shit to fool with I still hear the screams of his mother While my nigga laid dead in the gutter(Shit!) And it's getting to my temple Why is that the only time black folks get to ride in a limo? It makes me so mad I want to get my sawed-in And have some bodies hauled in But no, I pay my respects and I'm through(whaddup Cube?) Hug my crew, and maybe shed a tear or two And I wanna get blitz Grab my 40 ounce and then I reminisce About a brother who had to be the one and only So I dedicate this to my dead homiez... Verse Two: Another homie got murdered on a shakedown{three gun shots} And his mother is at the funeral, havin' a nervous breakdown Two shots hit him in the face when they blasted{two gun shots} A framed picture and a closed casket A single file line about 50 cars long All drivin' slow with they lights on He got a lot of flowers and a big wreath What good is that when you're six feet deep? I look at that shit and gotta think to myself And thank God for my health 'Cause nobody really ever know When it's gonna be they family on the front row So I take everything slow, go with the flow And shut my motherfuckin' mouth if I don't know(Word!) 'Cause that's what Pops told me But I wish he could have said it...to my dead homiez Verse Three: I remember we painted our names on the wall for fun Now it's "Rest in Peace" after every one Except me, but I ain't the one to front Seems like I'm viewin' a body after every month Plus, I knew him when he was yea big Pour beer on the curb before I take a swig But somethin' ain't right When it's a tragedy, that's the only time that the family's tight Lovin' each other in a caring mood There's lots of people and lots of food They say "Be Strong" and you're tryin' But how strong can you be when you see your Pops cryin'? So that's why Ice Cube's dressed up Because the city is so fuckin' messed up And everybody is so phony Take a little time...to think about your dead homiez. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ J. Dee Album: Kill at Will EP Song: JD's Gafflin' Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [J. Dee] Police eat the dick straight up, you know why? I got Jacked just the other night This motherfucker gonna tell me, what I'm doing walk in the streets Man, what the fuck you mean what I'm doing walk in the streets? You gonna buy me a motherfuckering car? Everytime I try to steal one, you take me to jail So what the fuck you talk about.. a nigga like me struggling to stride? Nigga walking in the streets at night is like committing suicide So what the fuck is next? I'm tired of this motherfucking shit Niggaz popping off the Mob, talking about I'm the Nigga You Love to Hate Bitch!! back up off my tip For the simple fact; you're only like a gnat on a dog's dick... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Death Certificate Song: The Wrong Nigga to Fuck With Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One] God damn, it's a brand new payback From the straight gangsta mack in straight gangsta black How many motherfuckers gotta pay Went to the shelf and dusted off the AK Caps gotta get pealed Cause "The Nigga Ya Love to hate" still can "Kill at Will" It ain't no pop cause that sucks And you can New Jack SWING on my nuts Down wit the niggaz that I bail out I'm platinum bitch and I didn't have to sell out Fuck you Ice Cube, that's what the people say Fuck AmeriKKKa, still wit hthe triple K Cause you know when my nine goes buck it'll bust your head like a watermelon dropped from 12 stories up Now let's see who'll drop Punk motherfuckers tryin to ban hip-hop Fuck R&B and the runnin man I'm the one that stand, with the gun in hand Make sure before you buck wit duck quick Punk, cause I'm the wrong nigga to fuck wit "I'ma let y'all know one thing man.." [Verse Two] Hell yeah it's on, you better tell 'em Ice Cube and I'm rolling with the motherfuckin L.M. It's the number one crew in the area Make a move for your gat and I'll bury ya Ashes to ashes, dirt to dirt Punks roll when I put in work cause Lench Mob niggaz are the craziest And y'all motherfuckers can't fade my shit South Central, that's where the Lench Mob dwell Hittin fools up with the big ass L One time can't hold me back Sweatshirt, khakis and crokersacs Stop givin juice to the Raiders Cause Al Davis, never paid us I hope he wear a vest It's all about the L-E-N-C-H y'all know the rest Motherfuckin crew, motherfuckin mob Do a motherfuckin job in a motherfuckin squad In '91 Ice Cube grew stronger and bigger And I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with "One-and-two, ah-three-e-and-ah-four-and.." "Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute" [Cube] Drop a old school beat! [Verse Three] Like I said, it's a brand new payback Now in '91, let's see who beats the jack Sir Jinx grew a little bit taller (Keep the wack beats out) true motherfuckin baller And hoes can't roll on Even bitches looking like En Vogue gotta "Hold On" Don't let me catch Daryl Gates in traffic I gotta have it, to peel his cap backwards I hope he wear a vest too, and his best blue goin up against the Zulu Break his spine like a jellyfish Kick his ass til I'm smellin shit Off wit the head, off wit the head I say And watch the devil start kickin Run around like a chicken, grand dragon finger lickin Yo, turn him over wit a spatula Now we got, Kentucky Fried Cracker Mess with the Cube, you get punked quick Pig, cause I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with! "Last person in the world you wanna fuck with.." (repeat 3X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Death Certificate Song: My Summer Vacation Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [airline attendant] This is the final boarding call for flight 1259 departing from Los Angeles, final destination to St. Louis Thank you [Ice Cube] Damn G, the spot's gettin hot So how the fuck am I supposed to make a knot? Police looking at niggaz through a microscope In L.A. everybody and they momma sell dope They trying to stop it So what the fuck can I do to make a profit? Catch a flight to St. Louis That's cool, cause nobody knew us We stepped off the plane Four gang bangers, professional crack slangers Rented a car at wholesale Drove to the ghetto, and checked in a motel Unpacked and I grab the three-eighty Cause where we stayin, niggaz look shady But they can't fade South Central Cause bustin a cap is fundamental Peepin out every block close Seein which one will clock the most Yeah this is the one no doubt Bust a U Bone, and let's clear these niggaz out 	Ay ay man, whassup nigga? 		Yo, well this Lench Mob nigga! 		*gun shots* Now clearin em out meant casualties Still had the L.A. mentality Bust a cap, and out of there in a hurry Wouldn't you know, a driveby in Missouri Them fools got popped Took their corner next day, set up shop And it's better than slangin in the Valley Triple the profit, makin more than I did in Cali Breakin off rocks like Barney Rubble Cause them mark-ass niggaz don't want trouble And we ain't on edge when we do work Police don't recognize the khakis and the sweatshirts Getting bitches and they can't stand a Nineteen-ninety-one Tony Montana Now the shit's like a war of gang violence, where it was never seen before Punks run when the gat bust Four jheri curl niggaz kickin up dust And some of them are even lookin up to us Wearing our colors and talkin that gang fuss Giving up much love Dyin for a street, that they ain't never heard of But other motherfuckers want to stand strong So you know the phrase, once again it's on [TV announcer] Top of the news tonight, gangs from South Central Los Angeles which are known for their driveby shootings have migrated into East St. Louis leaving three dead and two others injured No arrests have been made Police say this is a nationwide trend with similar incidents occuring in Texas, Michigan, and Oklahoma (female voice repeating in background:  "If it can happen here, it can happen anywhere") [Ice Cube] BOOM - my homie got shot he's a goner black St. Louis niggaz want they corner back Shooting in snowy weather It's illegal business, niggaz still can't stick together Fuckin police got the four-one-one that L.A. ain't all, surf and sun But we ain't thinkin 'bout the boys Feudin, like the Hatfields and McCoys Now the shit's gettin tricky Cause now they lookin for the colors and the Dickies Damn, the spot's gettin hot from the battle About to pack up and start slangin in Seattle But the NARCs, raid about six in the morning Try to catch a nigga when he's yawnin Put his glock to my chest as I paused Went to jail in my motherfuckin drawers Tryin to give me, fifty-seven years Face'll be full of those tattooed tears It's the same old story and the same old nigga stuck And the public defender ain't givin a fuck The fool must be sparkin Talkin about a double life plea bargain You got to deal with the Crips and Bloods by hand G Plus the Black Guerilla Family And the white pride don't like no side And it's a riot if any more niggaz die No parole or probation Now this is a young man's summer vacation No chance for rehabilitation Cause look at the motherfuckin years that I'm facin I'ma end it like this cause you know what's up My life is fucked [Outro]  Police, eat a dick straight up "Look here you little God damn nigger, you're not gaffling nobody!" (Sit down! Get down! Kick his ass!) "You fucking understand me? That's right!" "Now get down on the God damn ground, NOWWW! Fucking move, NOWWW!" (Let me take a, let me take a shot at him) "We're gonna do you like King!"  What God damn King? "Rodney King, Martin Luther King, and all them God damn kings in Africa"  Look out motherfucker! {*three gun shots*} {*police dog whines*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Death Certificate Song: Steady Mobbin Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (c'mon G) [JD] Police, eat a dick straight up 	Look here you little god damn nigger, your not gafflin nobody 	You fuckin understand me (kick his ass) 	That's right, get down on the god damn ground now 	Fuckin move now (Let me take a shot at him) 	We're gonna do you like King [JD] What god damn King 	Rodney King, Martin Luther King 	and all the other god damn King's from Africa [JD] Look out motherfucker 	*gun shots* [Ice Cube] God damn, the bigger the cap the bigger the peelin And when dealin with the Lench Mob you gots to know Steady Mobbin is not just the name of this jam, but a way of life Bound together by motherfuckers that's known to break em off somethin, give it to me Four or five niggaz in a mothership Better known as a goose and we all wanna smother shit Bent, front and back glass got tint Tryin to get our hands on some dollars and cents And fools can't hold us Every chance we get, we hittin up the rollers Comin up short of the green guys And I might start slangin bean pies Or the bootleg t-shirt of the month With "U Can't Touch This" on the front I'm bout to get rich Cause life ain't nuttin but money and fuck a bitch They drop like dominoes And if you didn't know, Ice Cube got drama hoes So after the screwin I bust a nut and get up and put on my white Ewings I'm out the do' All you might get is a rubber on the floor Cause I'm ready to hit the road like Mario Andretti Bitch, cause I'm steady mobbin Bustin caps in the mix Rather be judged by twelve than carried by six Cause I'm gettin major Fuck Pac Tel, move to Sky Pager Told all my friends Don't drink 8 Ball, cause St. Ide's is givin ends Fools get drunk and wanna compete Slapboxin in the street Niggaz get mad, tempers are flarin cause they got a few bitches starin Just for the nappy heads But scandalous bitches, make for happy Feds I'm making my duty to cuss em out, cause I just don't trust em And if you tell on me I'm bombin on Betty Bitch shoulda known I was steady mobbin Since one-time so hot Got me a stash spot in my hooptie for the glock And I'm rollin on rims Eating soul food, and neckbones from M&M's Grumblin like a motherfucker Greasy-ass lips, now I gots to take a shit Saw Sir Jinx bailin' When I hit a left, I moved felon, 'Whattup loc?' Don't you know that niggaz get smoked That take they life for a joke, get in nigga I take you to the pad zoom Went to mom's house and dropped a load in the bathroom Jumped back in my low rider Comin out feelin about ten pounds lighter Went to Bone's house so I can get the gat Looking for the place where all the hoes kick it at Lench Mob ain't nuttin but tramps But hoes lickin us like stamps  One fool brought the music for the yams But Ice Cube had more amps, get in bitch Cause I had the jam on And I don't want to hear shit about a tampon Give me the nappy and make me happy The hoe said 'Pappy could you slap me on the ass hard and fast and could please try not to leave a gash?' I said yeah, but I don't play sex When I'm putting on the latex Slipped on the condom Fucked around and dropped the bomb son And it came out sort of like confetti In for the night, no longer steady mobbin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Death Certificate Song: Givin' Up the Nappy Dug Out Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [*doorbell: DING DONG!*] [Pops]	Yeah [Cube]	Umm, uhh is Cheryl here? [Pops]	Well who are you? [Cube]	Tell her Ice Cube is here [Pops]	WHO?! [Cube]	Ice Cube! [Pops]	ICE CUBE?! 	Man I ain't lettin my damn daughter 	go out with no damn Ice Cubes man! 	Man what the hell you talkin about man? 	I brought my daughter up man, 	in a Catholic school, private school 	Man what you want with her? 	I'm sick of this bullshit! [Cube]	Yo man, let me tell you somethin.. [Verse One] Your daughter was a nice girl, now she is a slut A queen treatin niggaz just like King Tut Gobblin up nuts, sorta like a hummingbird Suckin up the Lench Mob crew, and I'm comin third Used to get straight A's, now she just skippin class Oh my, do I like to grip the hips and ass Only seventeen, with a lot of practice  on black boys jimmies and white boys cactus Sorry sorry sir, but I gotta be brief A lotta niggaz like bustin nuts in her teeth Drink it up, drink it up, even though she's Catholic that don't mean shit, cause she's givin up the ass quick Quicker than you can say, "Candy," the bitch is on my Snicker... and oh man she can take on three men - built like He-Men Her little-bitty twat got gallons of semen Fourteen niggaz in line ready to bang yo' pride-and-joy, I mean daddy's little angel Tell the little bitch to bring her ass out the house cause your daughter's known, for givin up the nappy dug out Chorus: repeat 2X "I got a big old ding-a-ling, and if that bitch can hang  I'm gonna do my thing, with your dauuuughter!" [Cube] Givin up the nappy dug out! Interlude: Pops [Pops]	Look motherfucker you better get from in front of my house 	with that old god damn bullshit 	You girlie-ass motherfucker 	You better get out of here witcho' fine ass 	Man, youse a little fine motherfucker [Verse Two] Mister, mister, before you make me go I'm here to let you know your little girl is a hoe Nympho, nympho, boy is she bad Get her all alone and out comes the kneepads I know she is a minor and it is illegal but the bitch is worse than Vanessa Del Rio And if you de-cide to call rape we got the little hooker on tape, now: tell the fuckin slut to please hurry up and wear that dress that's tight on her butt So I can finger-fuck on the way to the bed Been in so many rooms, she got a dot on her forehead Face turnin red from grabbin them ankles Fuck and get up is how I do them stank-hoes You should hear how she sounds with a cock And her boots get knocked, from here to Czechoslovakia Two are on top, one on the bottom First nigga got the boots; man, you shoulda shot him cause after I got 'em it was over Now niggaz get lucky like a four-leaf clover on daddy's little girl. She keeps nuts in her mouth like the bitch was a squirrel So tell Cheryl to bring her ass home cause the line at my house is gettin loooooooong, ay! Chorus Chorus Two: (continued from previous) "I got a big old ding-a-ling, and if that bitch can hang  I'm gonna do my thing, with your dauuuughter!" [Cube] Yeah.. yeah.. bitch, bitch givin up the nappy dug out! "I got a big old ding-a-ling, and if that bitch can hang  I'm gonna do my thing, with your dauuuughter!" [Cube] Yo..  [Pops]	Little motherfucker! [Girl]	Daddy, where did he go? [Pops]	I'll tell you where he went, god damnit! [Girl]	Mercy! "Givin up the nappy, givin up the nappy dug out" -> Kane (2X) "Givin up the nappy dug out.." (2X) "Givin up the nappy, givin up the nappy dug out" -> Kane (2X) "Givin up the nappy dug out.." (1X) "Givin-givin up the nappy dug out.." [Girl]	Mercy! [Announcer] Warning: when having sexual intercourse with a female like Cheryl you must use, jimmy hat condoms [Condom rap] We're called jimmy hats, have you ever seen us? Most guys wear us round rolled up on your penis If you're real smart, you will always use us Put me in your wallet, 'fore some dummy screws us And goin bare back, without the bare facts 'll have creepy crawlers crawlin on your nutsac! So get the J-I-M-M-Y to the hats It's me and two brothers in a pack "Run out and get your jimmy hats.." -> KRS-One  "Small (AND EXTRA LARGE)" "Run out and get your jimmy hats.." -> KRS-One [Condom] Or this might happen to you! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Death Certificate Song: Look Who's Burnin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * intro: conversation between [1] and [2] + a [Nurse] [1] Ay but, what you doin up here anyway nigga? [2] Man I came up to get some rubbers man, what you doin up here? [1] No shit? Man, I came up here to get a physical [1] You know for my job, you gotta get a physical and shit, but.. [2] Really? [Nurse] Philip Brown to the front desk - Philip Brown [1] Aw that's me right there, hey man you stay up man! [Nurse] Philip Brown! [1] Be careful and shit you know... [2] Awright then homey! [Nurse] Philip Brown? [1] Yeah? [Nurse] Can I help you? [1] Ahh, ah-uh-yeah, I'd like to get  [1] I'd like to get a physical [Nurse] We don't give physicals here [1] Oh you don't? [Nurse] No, all we test for is VD, herpes, syphillis and gonorrhea [1] I'd like to see a doctor [Nurse] What's the matter, you BURNING? [1] Huh?? "Stepped out my house, stopped short, oh no.." -> Slick Rick 	"Why is my thing-thing burnin like this?" [Nurse] You BURNING? "Stepped out my house, stopped short, oh no.." -> Slick Rick "What have I, done stuck my dick in?" -> Kool Moe Dee [Ice Cube] I went to the free clinic, it was filled to capacity Now how bad can a piece of ass be? Very bad, so I had to make the trip and thank God, I didn't have the drips I was there so a hoe couldn't gimme that Just to get - twenty free jimmy hats Now look who I see Ain't that... yeah, that's the bitch from up the street! With the big fat tail who always told Cube to go to hell She thought she was wiser Now she's sittin in the waitin room, burnin like heat-mizer Yeah I see ya First Miss Thang, now Miss Gonorrhea Man it's a trip how the world keeps turnin It's 1991, and look who's burnin Chorus One: various samples (repeat 2X) "Does it get you hot?"		"It's got me hot!" "This is a girl playin hard to get.." -> Slick Rick "Burnin up, burnin!" "What have I, done stuck my dick in?" -> Kool Moe Dee [Ice Cube] Now everybody is a victim, you can go see 'em and you'll hear more claps than the Coliseum Sittin there all quiet and embarrassed Whup - there go that bitch who was careless I remember - she wouldn't give the cock to anybody who lived on the block Now hoe, look what you got BEND THAT BIG ASS OVER for the shot Cause somebody is pipin hot Drippin like a faucet, I'm glad I didn't toss it Got you a college boy, who was worse than me and he probably fucked the whole university Still wanted him to dick you down, kick you down with some bucks, now who got fucked? With a nigga for the money he's earnin but ask for some water bitch, and look who's burnin Chorus Two: various samples (repeat 2X) "Does it get you hot?"		"Can you get that?" "This is a girl playin hard to get.." -> Slick Rick "Burnin up, burnin!" 	"Why is my thing-thing burnin like this?" Interlude: more samples "It burns.."	{*man moaning in pain, urinating sound*} "Fitfully, sputteringly to it's end.."	{*aww shit!!*} ".. at which there is, a little surprise" 	{*That stupid ass..*}	"BITCH!!!!" [Ice Cube] Yo, it ain't my fault you got the heebie-jibbies but you still try to act like you didn't see me So I walk over, and say "Hi, bitch, don't try to act surprised!" You shoulda put a sock on the pickle and your pussy wouldn't be blowin smoke signals Man, this is gonna kill 'em Guess who got a big fat dose of penicillin? They'll ask, "Who?", and I tell 'em you The new leader of the big booty crew And after the day, I'm sorry to say You come through the neighborhood, you couldn't give it away To a nigga, who's out to get major paid but you'll have him, pissin out razorblades But a bitch like you..ll be returnin with the H-I-V, R.I.P. Chorus Three: various samples (repeat 2X) "You can't trust a big butt and a smile.." -> KRS-One 	"I'm burning up!" "You can't trust a big butt and a smile.." -> KRS-One "You can't trust a big butt and a smile.." -> KRS-One 	"I'm burning up!" "What have I, done stuck my dick in?" -> Kool Moe Dee [Outro] ".. done stuck my dick in?" 	"I'm burning up!" "It's hot.. I'm burning up!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Death Certificate Song: A Bird in the Hand Typed by: OHHLA.com (Big Bird: Sesame Street) Hey look at this! I was cleaning out my nest and I found a book of my old poetry (Ice Cube) Fresh out of school cause I was a high school grad gots to get a job cuz I was a high school dad Wish I got paid like I was rappin' to the nation  but thats not likely, so here's my application Pass it to the man at AT&T Cuz when I was in school I got the a. e. e. But there's no s. e. for this youngsta I didn't have no money so now I have to hunch the Back like a slave, thats what be happenin  but whitey says there's no room for the African  Always knew that I would boycott, jeez but welcome to McDonalds can I take your order please Gotta sell ya food that might give you cancer cuz my baby doesn't take no for an answer Now I pay taxes that you never give me back  what about diapers, bottles, and similac  Do I gotta go sell me a whole lotta crack for decent shelter and clothes on my back? Or should I just wait for help from Bush or Jesse Jackson, and operation Push  If you ask me the whole thing needs a douch a masengel what the hell cracker sale in the neighborhood  To the whorehouse bitches, Miss porker, little joe or Todd Bridges Or anybody that he know  so I got me a bird, better known as a kilo Now everybody know I went from po' to a nigga that got dough So now you put the feds against me cause I couldn't follow the plan of the presidency I'm never givin' love again Cuz blacks are too fuckin broke to be republican  Now I remember I used to be cool till I stopped fillin' out my W-2 Now senators are gettin' hired and your plan against the ghetto backfired  So now you got a pep talk  but sorry, this is our only room to walk Cause we don't want a drug push But a bird in the hand is worth more than the bush tell the politicians, the hustlers: live and let live (yeah) tell the politicians, the hustlers: live and let live (yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Death Certificate Song: Man's Best Friend Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "I can dig it!" Chorus: samples (repeat 2X) *1 and *2, *3 and *4 simultaneously *1 "Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay" *2 "Dog-catcher, dog-catcher!" *3 "Bow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay" *4 "I can dig it!" [Verse One] Here's another topic I'm addressin so learn a quick lesson, about your Smith and Wesson Sit your ass back and comprehend as I let you know about man's best friend Now remember: it used to be a dog like Lassie but now in ninety-one it's a gun if you asked me Just like a jimmy hat's used for protection I use my nine when suckers start to flexin Cause if you run up and try to play mine I'd rather have a AK than a fuckin canine Cause if you shot your gun, and my dog tried to fetch her me and the dog's goin out on a stretcher And I ain't with that, so I gotta get that big black gat, aim and I hit that Forget about a dog fool, he'll shit in the den Nowadays.. a gat is man's best friend Chorus + Cube saying "Man's best friend" after *3 first time [Verse Two] Here is the reason why Ice Cube pack Just in case the little punks try to jack I can't put a motherfuckin pitbull  under a coat, in the small of my back So I gotta take my beretta, and I betcha it'll probably work, a 100 percent better Cause it'll keep me out of danger with sixteen in the clip and one in the chamber So this goes to all y'all intruders Beware of the owner, cause the owner is a shooter I don't just wanna give your ass rabies I'd rather have your ass pushing up daisies And I can't do that with Benji, Rin Tin Tin, or Spuds McKenzie Forget about a dog fool, he'll shit in the den Nowadays, a gat is man's best friend "Just don't let me see you shoot no dogs!" 	"Hey, I got shots fired here, send me another unit" "The profile of a typical American gun owner is this:  Over thirty, white, male, middle class" --> Peter Jennings "Take that motherfuckers!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Death Certificate Song: Alive On Arrival Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Down at the best spot Its me and JD and they sellin more birds than a pet shop The spot's hot and everybody nervous That's when the blue car served us Oh why did fools had to let loose Heard six pops from a deuce deuce Big Tom had to push us 13 niggaz runnin straight to the bushes For they gats so they could draw down But why a motherfucker like me had to fall down Not known why I dropped out Fuck it, still can't afford to get popped out So now I gotta jet Only ran one block, but my shirt soakin wet Tryin to see if we got him Looked down at my sweatshirt red at the bottom Didn't panic but I still looked cracked out Yelled to the homies then I blacked out Woke up in the back of a tray On my way, to MLK That the county hospital jack Where niggaz die over a little scratch Still sittin in the trauma center In my back is where the bullet entered Yo nurse I'm gettin kind of warm Bitch still made me fill out the fuckin form Coughin up blood on my hands and knees Then I heard "freeze nigger don't move" Yo, I didn't do a thing Didn't wanna go out like my man Rodney King Still got gaffled Internal bleeding as the bullet starts to travel Now I'm handcuffed Being asked information on my gang affiliation I don't bang, I rock the good rhymes And I'm a victim of neighborhood crime I need to see a MD And ya'll mothafuckers giving me the third degree Look at the waiting room Its filled to the rim like the county jail day room Nobody gettin help Since we poor The hospital move slow Now I'm layed out People steppin over me to get closer to the tv Just like a piece of dog shit Now will I die on this nappy ass carpet One hour done passed Done watched two episodes of M*A*S*H And when I'm almost through They call my name and put me on ICU Halfway dead No respect and handcuffed to the bed Now the trauma starts Cause the bullet must be just a hair from my heart So I begin the ass kissin Just to get looked at by an overworked physician Got the chills, but my temperatures 103 Only got a band-aid and an IV That's when I start cussin Police steady askin me who did the bustin Why oh why can't I get help Cause I'm black, I gots to go for self Too many black bodies the hospital housin So at 10 P.M. I was Audi 5000 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Death Certificate Song: I Wanna Kill Sam Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "The army is the only way out for a young black teenager.  We'll provide you with housing.  We'll provide you with education.  We'll provide you with everything you need to survive in life.  We'll help you to be the best soldier in the U.S. of A." 	"Because we do more before 7 A.M.  	 than most niggers do in their whole lifetime." [Cube] Huh-huh, huh-HAH.. "I'm comin!" (repeat 3X) [Cube] I'm comin! [Verse One] I wanna kill him, cause he tried to play me like the trick but you see, I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with I got the A to the motherfuckin K, and it's ready to rip Slapped in my banana clip And I'm lookin.. (lookin..) Is he in Watts, Oakland, Philly or Brooklyn? It seems like he got the whole country behind him so it's sort of hard to find him But when I do, gotta put my gat in his mouth Pump seventeen rounds make his brains hang out Cause the shit he did was uncalled for tried to fuck a brother up the ass like a small whore And that shit ain't fly So now I'm settin up, the ultimate drive-by And when you hear this shit,  it make the world say "DAMN! .. I wanna kill Sam." "Do the niggaz run this moth-er-fuck-er?" (repeat 2X) {*door knocking*} "Momma!! Some man at the front do'!" 	"Sit yo' ass down." "Uhh hi.. I have reason to believe that someone in this household  has just turned eighteen, am I correct?" [Verse Two] Here's why I wanna kill the punk cause he tried to take a motherfuckin chunk of the funk He came to my house, I let 'em bail in cause he said he was down with the L.M. He gave up a little dap then turned around, and pulled out a gat I knew it was a caper I said, "Please don't kill my mother," so he raped her Tied me up, took me outside and I was thrown in a big truck And it was packed like sardines Full of niggaz, who fell for the same scheme Took us to a place and made us work all day and we couldn't have shit to say Broke up the families forever and to this day black folks can't stick together And it's odd.. Broke us down, made us pray - to his God And when I think about it,  it make me say "DAMN! .. I wanna kill Sam." "I'm comin!" (repeat 3X) [Verse Three] Now in ninety-one, he wanna tax me I remember, the son of a bitch used to axe me and hang me by a rope til my neck snapped Now the sneaky motherfucker wanna ban rap and put me under dirt or concrete But God, can see through a white sheet Cause you the devil in drag You can burn your cross well I'll burn your flag Try to give me the H-I-V so I can stop makin babies like me And you're givin dope to my people chump Just wait til we get over that hump Cause yo' ass is grass cause I'ma blast Can't bury rap, like you buried jazz Cause we stopped bein whores, stop doin floors So bitch you can fight your own wars So if you see a man in red white and blue gettin janked by the Lench Mob crew It's a man who deserves to buckle I wanna kill Sam cause he ain't my motherfuckin Uncle! "We've gone nowhere in 200 years?"		"That's correct." "We-we-we've gone nowhere in 200 years?"	"That's correct." "We-we-we've gone nowhere in 200 years?"	"That's correct." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Death Certificate Song: Horny Little Devil Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: You are the prince of darkness Arch enemy, father of evil Hell born, demonic, savage, fierce, viscious, wild Tameless, barbaric, uncontrollabe, obstinate beast Verse One: Horny little devil, you gotta back up Horny little devil, you can't bust a nut Lookin at my girlfriend's black skin You wanna jump in, but she don't like white men So don't throw that work you fuckin jerk Or get your punk devil ass hurt motherfucker She ain't with the pale face Cause y'all fuck at a snail's pace  And you might get sprayed with mace  By the ebony So when she's doing her job you better let her be Don't try to pinch the gluterus Thinkin that you about to knock out the uterus Cause she'll tell you to kiss her ass quick And where I'm from, devils get their ass kicked Mr. Sexual Harrasment  Asking for a blow while the answer is "fuck no" Looks like you wanna terminate  But that's when I go Psycho like Norman Bates I wanna kill the devil for talkin shit Cause he can't get a taste of the chocolate African breast; cause white bitches got no butt and no chest Black women have bodies like goddesses Sorta like Venus, but put away your penis Cause the devil is a savage motherfucker That's why I'm lighter than the average brother Cause you raped our women and we felt it But it'll never happen again if I can help it (me neither) Cause nobody in my neighborhood has caught jungle fever yet So horny little devil, you better listen Before your ass comes up missin and it's like that Verse Two: Now you wanna get me  Horny little must be a F-A-G Tryin to fuck me out my land and my manhood Got broke eating Spam and canned goods Locking down on my neighborhoods Treat me less than a man cause right now you got the upper hand But my ass is a virgin You mignt have fucked the Indians but you can't surgeon me  And when I'm on top I wont be fuckin ya I'd rather put a buck in ya Cause I hate the devil with a passion and when I see the whites of his eyes I start blastin Dig a hole and throw his ass in  And I won't be happy til I'm down to my last ten Get his fuckin pitchfork Tie him up, and then feed the bitch pork Little devil wanna fuck me out my pay But horny little devil true niggaz aren't gay  And you can't play with my Yo-Yo and definitely can't play with me you fuckin homo Cause we'll blow your head off And turn that white sheet into a red cloth Plus when they're all dead  I can quit that jheri juice and get a bald head Then let it nap up  Go down to the corner store and beat the Jap up Clean all the crap up  out my city  Now the whole block look shitty Put his dick on a wood block Swing swing swing, and chop chop chop Now who's the next to nut Color Me Badd, but you can't sex me up  So don't even try to put a dick in a die Because this is what why in 1991 I'ma get my gun Put an end to the devil, so get a fucking shovel (repeat chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Death Certificate Song: Black Korea Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (blends into intro with dialogue from Spike Lee's _Do the Right Thing_) "Twenty D Energizers." 	"Twenty, C Energizer?" "D, not C, D." 	"B Energizer?" "D motherfucker, D! Learn to speak english first, alright? D!" 		"How many you say?" "Twenty, motherfucker, twenty." 		"Honey..." 	"Mother-fuck you!" [Ice Cube] Everytime I wanna go get a fuckin brew I gotta go down to the store with the two oriental one-penny countin motherfuckers that make a nigga made enough to cause a little ruckus Thinkin every brother in the world's out to take So they watch every damn move that I make They hope I don't pull out a gat and try to rob they funky little store, but bitch, I got a job ("Look you little Chinese motherfucker  I ain't tryin to steal none of yo' shit, leave me alone!" 	"Mother-fuck you!") Yo yo, check it out So don't follow me, up and down your market Or your little chop suey ass'll be a target of the nationwide boycott Juice with the people, that's what the boy got So pay respect to the black fist or we'll burn your store, right down to a crisp And then we'll see ya! Cause you can't turn the ghetto - into Black Korea 	"I do fuck you!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Ice Cube Album:	Death Certificate Song:	True to the Game Typed by: furness@ousd.k12.ca.us It's the nigga ya love to hate with a new song So what really goes on Nothing but a come-up, but ain't that a bitch They hate to see a young nigga rich But I refuse to switch even though Cause I can't move to the snow Cause soon as y'all get some dough Ya wanna put a white bitch on your elbow Moving out your neighborhood But I walk through the ghetto and the flavor's good Little kids jumping on me But you, you wanna be white and corny Living way out "Nigger go home" spray-painted on your house Trying to be White or a Jew But ask yourself, who are they to be equal to? Get the hell out Stop being an Uncle Tom, you little sell-out House nigga scum Give something back to the place where you made it from Before you end up broke Fuck around and get your ghetto pass revoked I ain't saying no names, you know who you are You little punk, be true to the game BREAK When you first start rhyming It started off slow and then you start climbing But it wasn't fast enough I guess So you gave your other style a test You was hardcore hip-hop Now look at yourself, boy you done flip-flopped Giving our music away to the mainstream Don't you know they ain't down with the team They just sent they boss over Put a bug in your ear and now you crossed over On MTV but they don't care They'll have a new nigga next year You out in the cold No more white fans and no more soul And you might have a heart attack When you find out the black folks don't want you back And you know what's worse? You was just like the nigga in the first verse Stop selling out your race And wipe that stupid-ass smile off your face Niggas always gotta show they teeth Now I'm a be brief Be true to the game BREAK A message to the oreo cookie Find a mirror and take a look, G Do you like what you see? But you're quick to point the finger at me You wanna be the big fish, you little guppy Black man can't be no yuppie You put on your suit and tie and your big clothes You don't associate with the Negroes You wanna be just like Jack But Jack is calling you a nigga behind your back So back off genius I don't need you to correct my broken English You know that's right You ain't white So stop holding your ass tight Cause you can't pass So why you keep trying to pass? With your black ass Mister Big But in reality, you're shorter than a midge You only got yourself to blame Get a grip, oreo and be true to the game Be true to the game! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube, Threat, KAM, WC, Coolio, King Tee, J-Dee Album: Death Certificate Song: Color Blind Typed by: mrmaj@juno.com [Ice Cube] Here's another day at the stoplight I'm lookin in my mirror so I can see who can see me South Central is puttin Ice Cube to the test With four brothas in the SS I can't go around and can't back up So I gotta peep game layin in the cut Is this a jack or a kidnap? Since I'm never ever slippin I fully strapped I grab my gat out the glove Now, do these fools got a problem with me? Or do they got love? So when the light turns green, I don't bone out I wanna see what these black men are all about Cuz if it's my time, I'm just short If not, I'm pluggin they Super Sport First they get behind my ride... Then they switch lanes to the left side I'm scopin out the one smokin indo Comin up fast, rollin down his window He threw up a sign, I put away my nine Fool, cuz I'm color blind [Threat] Killa Cali, the state where they kill Over colors cuz brothas don't know the deal And they'll cap you, not if they have to But if they want to, first they might confront you But every nigga on my block can't stop  And he won't stop and he don't stop Not to the bang bang boogie, but they like to gangbang And rookies ain't the only ones that drop Some say the little locs are gettin a little too loc'ed And when it comes to dust, they kick up the most Say the wrong word  then whistle down the street to your homies like a bird Bust a u-turn, come back and get served nigga For the women, it don't matter how loud they blouse get But men, the wrong color outfit, could get your mouth split It's a shame, but it ain't no thang to me Cuz I slang these thangs like a G It's on, is anybody killin for the summertime I gotta get another nine, even though I'm colorblind [KAM] I'm fresh outta county on bail And no sooner do I get out, seems like I'm right back in jail For some gang related activity Cuz everyday, different fools try to get with me For no more than a color, or territory Can't rehabilitate 'em, that's the sheriff's story So what's left, the judge goes deaf When you try to tell your side And you ain't blue eyed Boy you better duck cuz the book is comin' And just hand your car keys over to your woman Because it aint no sunshine where you headed And the shit'll drive you crazy if you let it But now, I got time to think Because they hit me with everything but the kitchen sink And I ain't even shed a tear Cuz believe it or not, they got more love for me here Now picture that, but on a black and white photograph Cuz brothas, you don't know the half On the streets I was damn near outta my mind But ever since I've been down I'm colorblind [WC] Now here's the game plan, yo, at a quarter to nine I was told to peel a cap on the other side Yo, young and dumb, full of come up, a baby loc I gotta put in work for the hood and that ain't no joke [Coolio] Stable and able but I'm not ready and willin Cuz I'm only 13 and I ain't never did a killin Grabbed the A.K. and jumped in the G ride Started up the bucket and headed for the other side [WC] Yo, spotted the enemies, now I'm on a creep tip Hit the 5 dollar stick and then I put in my clip [Coolio] So, I jumped out the car and no matter what the cost I had my mind set on sendin niggaz to Harrison Ross [WC] Caught one from the back and I looked in eyes  Thinkin should I peel his cap, or should I let him survive Yo, I'm trapped in the plan designed by another side [Coolio] I ain't contributin to genocide (why?) Cuz I'm colorblind [King Tee] Niggaz in the hood ain't changed And I've finally figure out that we're not in the same gang Cuz, I walk the alleys of Compton with nowhere to turn Every which way I get burned baby Lou wears blue, Big Fred wears red Put 'em together and we color 'em dead Dead, dyin, gettin smoked like part of the fun They get smoked just to show how many come to the funeral [J-Dee (Lench Mob)] I understand how all my homeboys feel Cuz I was shot and to this day, I pack my steel Cuz I was born in a certain territory Where you don't talk only the streets tell stories With blue and red bandanas on the street And if you slippin, you'll be six feet deep Cuz me and T-bone, we pay it no mind And for the rest of the mob, we stay color blind. . . The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Death Certificate Song: Doing Dumb Shit Typed by: furness@ousd.k12.ca.us When I was young I used to hang with the seventh graders Little bad motherfucker playing Space Invaders Fucking with the girls in the fourth grade Either feeling on they butts or pulling on they braids Walking with the schoolhouse bully By doing that, I had a lot of pull, G Cheating on tests, making a mess Cussing like a sailor at recess It must a been a half moon Cause you'll catch me running out the little girls' bathroom Chewing on Good and Plenties Got my gamble on at lunch pitching pennies Yo I was living like the class clown Pulling all the hokes, making all the jokes man When you young it's hard to see That it's wrong throwing rocks at the RTD Popping out your window with a BB gun Better yet knocking on your door and run Playing hide-and-go-get-it for a little stank Even though I was still shooting blanks As soon as the dark hit I was stealing candy out the corner market Until I got my ass whipped Cause I was ten years old, doing dumb shit Thirteen, that's how old I was When my jimmy started getting a little peach fuzz And I was looking at any butt and ass Me and my homies started cutting class Going up to the high school Looking for any bitch I could lie to Tell em I was older than I really was Smoked my first joint and got really buzzed That's what a mack's made of But when I got my first piece of pussy I fell in love Hard as a rock the long way And then I put the rubber on the wrong way But I still gotta have it Overexcited and fucking like a jackrabbit Goddamn I was hot A virgin but I still knew how to lay pipe Even though the hoe worked me I still knocked the boots from here to Albuquerque Then the shit got strange money I started shaking and jimmy felt funny Then the nut came gushing I jumped up got dressed and start pushing Cause I thought the bitch broke my dick Cause I was still young doing dumb shit At 17 got my first Volkswagon And mastered the life-long art of dragging To the women in college Hung out with the OG's and got some street knowledge Breaking in cars and all that Hitting punk fools with a baseball bat Fucking at a real fast rate Til they said that I might not graduate Then I said fuck the dumb shit Cause Pops'll fuck me up quick If things continued So I start rapping about shit I been through And I got real good Now I look at all the kids in the neighborhood Trying to be baby macks Doing shit that I did seven years back Going through a stage But before they can grow up they on the front page And they mommas is having a fit Cause they died young doing dumb shi The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Death Certificate Song: Us Typed by: OHHLA.com Verse One: Could you tell me who released our animal instinct? Got the white man sittin' there tickled pink. Laughin' at us on the avenue Bustin' caps at each other after havin' brew We can't enjoy ourselves Too busy jealous... Of each other's wealth Commin' up is just in me But the Black community is full of envy Too much back-stabbin' While I look up the street I see all the japs grabbin' Every vacant lot in my neighborhood Build a store, and sell their goods To the county of sips (?) You know us po niggas: nappy hair and big lips? Four or five babies on your crotch And you expect Uncle Sam to help us out? We ain't nothin' but porchmonkeys To the average bigot, redneck honky You say comin' up is a must But before we can come up, take a look at US Verse Two: And all y'all dope-dealers... Your as bad as the po-lice- cause ya kill us You got rich when you started slangin' dope But you ain't built us a supermarket So when can spend our money with the blacks Too busy buyin' gold an' Caddilacs That's what ya doin' with the money that ya raisin' Exploitin' us like the Caucasians did For 400 years - I got 400 tears- for 400 peers Died last year from gang-related crimes That's why I got gang-related rhymes But when I do a show ta kick some facts Us Blacks don't know how ta act Sometimes I believe the hype, man We're messin' up ourselves and blame the white man But don't point the finger you jiggaboo Take a look at yourself ya dumb nigga you Pretty soon hip-hop won't be so nice No Ice Cube, just Vannilla Ice And yall sit and scream and cus But there's no one ta blame- but US Verse Three: US ... will always sing the blues 'Cause all we care about is hairstyles and tennis shoes But if ya step on mine ya pushed a button "Cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin' Just like a beast But I'm the first nigga ta holler out {PEACE, BLACK MAN} I beat my wife and children to a pulp When I get drunk and smoke dope Got a bad heart condition Still eat hog-mogs an' chitlin's Bet my money on the dice and the horses Jobless, so I'm a hope for the armed forces Go to church but they tease us Wit' a picture of a blue-eyed Jesus They used to call me Negro After all this time I'm still bustin up the chiffarobe No respect and didn't know it And I'm havin' more babies than I really can afford In jail 'cause I can't pay the mother Held back in life because of my color Now this is just a little summary Of US, but yall think it's dumb of me To put a mirror to ya face, but trust Nobody gives a fuck about... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Death Certificate Song: No Vaseline Typed by: OHHLA.com Got damn, I'm glad ya'll set it off. Used to be hard, now you're just wet and soft. First you was down with the AK, and now I see you on a video with Michel'le? Lookin' like straight bozos. I saw it comin', that's why I went solo. And kept on stompin',  when ya'll mothafuckers moved straight outta Compton. Livin' with the whites, one big house, and not another nigga in site. I started off with too much cargo, dropped four niggas now I'm makin' all the dough. White man just rulin'. The Niggas With Attitudes -- who ya foolin'? Ya'll niggas just phony, I put that on my mama and my dead homeys. Yella Boy's on your team, so you're losin'; Ay yo Dre, stick to producin'. Callin' me Arnold, but you Been-a-dick; Eazy E saw your ass and went in it quick. You got jealous when I got my own company, but I'm a man, and ain't nobody helpin' me. Tryin' to sound like Amerikkka's Most, you could yell all day but you don't come close. Cuz you know I'm the one that flown, ya done run 100 miles, but you still got one to go. With the L-E-N-C-H M-O-B, and ya'll disgrace the C-P-T. Cuz you're gettin' fucked out your green by a white boy, with no vaseline... [Refrain] (L.L. sample: "Now you're gettin' done without vaseline...") 3x 	 (Biz Markie sample: "Damn, it feels good to see people...on it") The bigger the cap, the bigger the peelin', who gives a fuck about a punk-ass villain? You're gettin' fucked real quick,  and Eazy's dick, is smellin' like MC Ren's shit. Tried to tell you a year ago, but Willie D told me to let a hoe be a hoe, so I couldn't stop you from gettin' ganked, now let's play big-bank-take-little-bank. Tried to dis Ice Cube, it wasn't worth it cuz the broomstick fit your ass so perfect. Cut my hair and I'll cut them balls, cuz I heard you're, like, givin' up the drawers. Gang-banged by your manager, fella,  gettin' money out your ass, like a mothafuckin' Ready Teller. Givin' up the dollar bills, now they got the Villain with a purse and high-heels. So don't believe what Ren say, cuz he's goin' out like Kunte Kinte, but I got a whip for ya Toby; used to be my homey, now you act like you don't know me. It's a case of divide-and-conquer, cuz you let a Jew break up my crew. House nigga gotta run and hide, yellin' Compton, but you moved to Riverside. So don't front, MC Ren, cuz I remember when you drove a B 2-10. Broke as a mothafuckin' joke. Let you on the scene to back up the Verse Team. It ain't my fault, one nigga got smart, and they rippin' your asshole apart. By takin' your green, oh yeah, the Villain does get fucked with no vaseline. [Refrain scratched]  I never have dinner with the President. I never have dinner with the President. I never have dinner with the President. And when I see your ass again, I'll be hesitant. Now I think you a snitch, throw a house nigga in a ditch. Half-pint bitch, fuckin' your homeboys. You little maggot; Eazy E turned faggot. With your manager, fella, fuckin' MC Ren, Dr. Dre, and Yella. But if they were smart as me, Eazy E would be hangin' from a tree. With no vaseline, just a match and a little bit of gasoline. Light 'em up, burn 'em up, flame on... till that Jheri curl is gone. On a permanent vacation, off the Massa plantation. Heard you both got the same bank account, dumb nigga, what you thinkin' bout? Get rid of that Devil real simple, put a bullet in his temple. Cuz you can't be the Nigga 4 Life crew  with a white Jew tellin' you what to do. Pullin' wools with your scams, now I gotta play the Silence of the Lambs. With a midget who's a punk too, tryin' to fuck me, but I'd rather fuck you. Eric Wright, punk, always into somethin', gettin' fucked at night. By Mista Shitpacker, bend over for the gotdamn cracker, no vaseline... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: The Predator Song: When Will They Shoot? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Stalkin.. walkin in my big black boots" -> Brother J 	(repeat 2X) [Ice Cube]  God damn, another fuckin payback with a twist Them motherfuckers shot but the punks missed Ice Cube is out-gunned, what is the outcome? Will they do me like Malcolm? Cause I bust styles, new styles, standin - strong! While, others +Run+ a +Hundred Miles+ But I never run, never will Deal with the devil with my motherfuckin steel - BOOM!  Media try to do me But I was a Boy-N-the-Hood before the movie, yeah Call me nigga, bigger than a spook But you the one that voted for Duke, motherfucker White man, is somethin I tried to study But I got my hands bloody, yeah They said I could sing like a Jaybird But nigga, don't say the J-word I thought they was buggin cause to us Uncle Sam, is Hitler without an oven Burnin our black skin Buy my neighborhood - then push the crack in Doin us wrong from the first day And don't understand why a nigga got an AK Callin me an African-American like everything is fair again, shit Devil, you got to get the shit right I'm black Blacker than a trillion midnights +Don't Believe the Hype+ was said in '88  by the great Chuck D, now they're tryin to fuck me ".. with +No Vaseline+  Just a match and a little bit of gasoline.." - HUH! It's a great day for genocide (What's that?) That's the day all the niggaz died They killed JFK in '63 So what the fuck you think they'll do to me? But I'm the O.G. and I bust back (boom boom) Bust back (Boom boom!) peel a cap (BOOM BOOM!) Gimme room in the fire of the sun Here the mack come, here the black come, watch Jack run! Motherfuckers can't gank me Fuck a devil, fuck a rebel, and a yankee Overrun and put the Presidency After needin that, I'm down wit O.P.P., yeah I met Farrakhan and had dinner And you ask if I'm a five-percenter, well... No, but I go where the brothers go Down with Compton Mosque, Number 54 Made a little dough, still got a sister on my elbow Did Ice Cube sell out? You say, "Hell no!" A black woman is my manager, not in the kitchen So could you please stop bitchin? "Stalkin.. walkin in my big black boots" -> Brother J [Cube] Yeah, yeah.. 	"But when will they shoot?" "Stalkin.. walkin in my big black boots" -> Brother J [Cube] Yeah, yeah.. 	"But when will they shoot?" .. {*automatic gunfire*) [Ice Cube] You missed, and didn't hit Da Lench Mob either "Guerillas in the Mist.." without Jungle Fever But I got the fever for the flava of a cracker Not a Pringle, bust the single, here's my new jingle 	"Stalkin.. walkin in my big black boots" The KKK has got three-piece suits Using niggaz like turkey shoots My motto is +Treat 'Em Like a Prostitute+ Now if I say no violence, devil, you won't respect mine Fuck the dumb shit - and get my Tec-9 And if they approach us A-ight, a-ight - I bury those cockroaches And if you can't deal with my +Kill at Will+ Here's a new gift to get - try my +Death Certificate+ +Amerikkka's Most+, Amerikkka's burnt - it's like toast Like Jordan, I'm goin coast to coast Dribblin the funk here comes the nigga with the motherfuckin monster dunk, get off me punk! 	"Jordan.. watch Jordan,  	 aiyyo yo watch Jordan .. YES!" 		"You better eat your Wheaties" -> M.J. "Stalkin.. walkin in my big black boots" -> Brother J [Cube] Yeah, yeah.. 	"But when will they shoot?" "Stalkin.. walkin in my big black boots" -> Brother J [Cube] Yeah, yeah.. 	"But when will they shoot?" [Ice Cube] Darryl Gates got the studio surrounded Cause he don't like the niggaz that I'm down with Motherfucker wanna do us Cause I like Nat, Huey, Malcolm, and Louis Most got done by a black man's bullet Give a trigger to a nigga and watch him pull it Negro assass-in I'ma dig a ditch, bitch, and throw yo' ass in When they shoot, no, it won't be a cracker They use somebody much blacker What I do? I called up the Geto Boy(s) crew Cause +My Mind's Playing Tricks On Me+ too Never died, surround my crib and F.O.I. makin sure nobody creep when I sleep Keep a 9 millimeter in my Jeep - PEEP! When I roll, I gots to roll deep Ain't goin out cheap Met the MADD Circle on Cypress Hill cause it's so steep They'll never get me, they'll never hit me Motherfuck that shit J-Dee Now I'm relaxed Grab the St. Ide's brew so I can max Sittin by the window cause it's so fuckin hot and then I heard a shot - boom. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: The Predator Song: Wicked Typed by: BillyBlankoBX@gmail.com [Intro: Don Jaguar] Now dis one dedicated to de man dem call MacGyver (bo!) And all double-oh-seven James Bond spy man is from de area (gunshot, gunshot) Maximum respect to de man dem call Ice Cube (bo! bo!) Him nah bust no deuce-deuce, no trey-eight, but four-four (GET WICKED!) [Verse One] One, two, three and I come with the wicked style and you know that I'm from, the wicked crew, act like you knew Cause I got everybody jumpin to the voodoo, kick it Wicked, rhymes, picket, signs While me and the Mob gotta trunk fulla 9's Play ya and I'll slay ya I got thug-made dough by the ha-ir Ready to BUCK BUCK BUCK and it's a must to DUCK DUCK DUCK before I bust Lookin for the one that did it but like En Vogue, no you're never gonna get it Cos I'm the one with the fat mad skills and I won't choke like the Buffalo Bills Sittin at the pad just chillin cause Larry Parker just got two million, oh what a feelin So shake that nigga and pass me the pill and I'll slam dunk ya like Shaquille O'Neal Like it, dig it, maybe and watch that test tube baby, kick it Cause I get wicked [Chorus: Don Jaguar] You know dem wicked, Ice Cube and Torture Chamber sound Yes dem wicked, him pick up de mic and buss up de ground Yes dem wicked, all of dem gyal with de sound My name is Don Jaguar and Ice Cube we run de town (wicked!) ("Look at the way I kick it, I'm wicked" - Das EFX) Bo! Wicked! Bo! Wicked man! (bo!) ("Look at the way I kick it, I'm wicked" - Das EFX) Bo! Wicked! Bo! Wicked man! (bo!) [Verse Two] Won't say nuttin, just listen Got me a plan to break Tyson outta prison Come my way and get served Still got a duece that'll bunny hop the curb Nappy head, nappy chest, nappy chin Never seen with a happy grin Show the fat foul cause I'm down Take a look around and all you see is big black boots steppin Use my steel toe as a weapon Kick ya and flip ya, now they want to label this nigga, tape with the sticker Kickin out girls that's nicety Yo, I gotta body count like Ice-T From here to New York I get skins and ain't talkin bout pork Swine, pig, dick Listen to the flow of a so-called negro who didn't know I was funky as Wilson Pickett, dig it Cause I get wicked [Verse Three] People wanna know how come I gotta gat and I'm lookin out the window like Malcolm Ready to bring that noise Kinda trigger happy like the Geto Boys April 29th was power to the people and we might just see a sequel cos police got equal pay A horse is a pig that don't fly straight Doin Darryl Gates but is Willie Williams down with the pilgrims Just a super slave We'll have to break his ass up like Super Dave I'm wicked enough to board this Cos now it's on to the fullest Gorilla straight from the mist But I don't miss when it comes to this Bring the yellow tape The white cape, cause I'm so straight Thru with the picket signs, take his job and stick it Bigot, cause I get wicked [Chorus/Outro: Don Jaguar] Yes dem wicked, dem wicked, jus pick up de mic Yes dem wicked, dem wicked, jus put down de gun Yes dem wicked, dem wicked, cuz we run de town Dem wicked, dem wicked, cuz we run de town Yes dem wicked, gwaan! Back wha, seen, den de one dem call Ice Cube International superstar don gorgon style (bo!) Way back in Brooklyn, inside of Los Angeles, South Central style Torture chambers, (bo!) dem run the country (maximum respect!) And my name is Don Jaguar, we are the top celebrity seen Because we wicked, we wicked, we pick up de mics Yes we wicked, we wicked, we put down de guns Yes dem wicked, dem wicked, but we run de town (wicked man!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: The Predator Song: Now I Gotta Wet'Cha It's on like Donkey Kong You wanted that fast buck now I gotta light that ass up The nigga with the big fat trigger Don't test me, gravedigger had the swig of the ST, remember the time we first met her You threw your set up now you gotta get wetter BOOM! PING! BUCK! POW! Now who's that nigga with the diff'rent style? Uhh, ya wanted ta trick It's all about the pud and who can empty it First mate, they made day AK and I'll Kurtis Blow ya ass away like AJ I'm almost certain I'm put on the hurtin Bitch, it's curtains! Locced in my motherfuckin head Gotta play connect-the-dots with my infrared You in danger, Mr Gangbanger It ain't cool to take nappy from a stranger Wit'cha drive-by's it took time to catch ya but now I gotta wet'cha Chorus: Now I gotta wet'cha (wet'cha) Now I gotta wet'cha (wet'cha) I'm comin ta get'cha (get'cha) You better hope I don't catch ya (catch ya) (You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger (You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger S-I-M-I Valley for the KKK, Rodney! A place on the map where the order is though devils can't leap up a motorist and get nothin but a slap on the wrist Gorillas, gorillas report to the mist The fist of fury and I'ma shove em Motherfuck the jury and who ever love em Why you have to leave it to Beaver? Now I'm chasin Beaver' ass with a cleaver With the sling, sling, sling and chop, chop, chop Get them on, nigga cos tonight we're havin chopped liver And I'ma cut out'cha heart Start the fryin pan for the devil a'la carte Twelve motherfuckers ya better be glad I never met'cha Cos I'm gonna wet'cha Chorus Now wet motherfuckers are bloody Cos a bullet'll mould your ass like silly putty White in the shape A hollow point'll run up in ya like ya got weight Comin out'cha back, Mr Mack Now they got yo' guts in a sack Use to have ya crew real fat in a huddle now you're wet in a puddle, here is the Ice Cube rebuttle You ain't gotta chance, cos even if my bullet just glance Ya still wet your pants So what'cha wanna do when I got'cha ass point blank Ya guaranteed to spank Stiff as a board, ya floored Go meet the Lord and then get ignored Cos you're on your way to hell and that I can bet'cha That's why I had to wet'cha Chorus (You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger *repeat to fade* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: The Predator Song: The Predator Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "There's no stoppin what can't be stopped.  No killin what can't be killed.." "There's somethin out there waitin for us." (repeat 2X) [Ice Cube] You can run but you can't hide from the Westside night stalker, shit talker Run and tell them it's the L.M. Nigga with the gat and I'm back off the everyday prey that I slay Rollin with a fo' chase ya through South Central Monkey-wrench ho should know that, she'll get the bozack Cause I'm not stavin, but fuck that Johnny Carson ho Never had me on the Late Night Show Comin with the shit that'll hit +Steady Mobbin'+ cause the flavor's good There goes the neighborhood Nigga with the third album; how come he don't fall off? Rollin with the sawed-off gauge Turn the page of the chapter, caught up in the rapture But you know Anita, she can get the pita Eat 'em up yum, and you're floored Motherfuck Billboard and the editor - here comes the Predator "Yo I'm out, but - I'll be back" (repeat 4X) [Ice Cube] Check your head for the new style Fuck Laurence Powell and Briseno - Wind and Koon, pretty soon we'll fuck them like they fucked us and won't kiss 'em Riots ain't nothin but dodge for the system Fightin with the beast, no justice, no peace If any, even if we fuck up Denny Niggaz are sick of your white man tricks with no treat That's right; now it's on, on sight You call me a Muslim, no I'm not a resident Still got my vote in - Farrakhan for president of white America, I'm tearing ya a new asshole Who's the nigga with the new black Strollin to your suburb house and I douse with gas, now who's cleanin up trash? Eat 'em up yum, and you're floored Motherfuck Billboard and the editor - here comes the Predator "Yo I'm out, but - I'll be back" (repeat 3X) "Yo I'm out.."  "Here comes the Predator" "There's somethin out there waitin for us." [Ice Cube] Got my black rag showin and I'm hoin; Ira Reiner can kiss my grits like Flo, on "Mel's Diner" I'm meaner than a motherfuckin hyena chasin antelope Put my chrome to your dome, watch it bust like a cantaloupe I can't stand a rope, so don't try to hang 'em Talk about dogs; boy I can slang 'em Rat-a-tat-tat on your noggin Cause Ice'll cream your ass like Haagen-Dasz chocoloate - I get - crazy when I catch wreck Even be flippin the tongue like da-diggity-dung Das-EFX So who is Ice Cube? I'm a rapper, actor, macker Got a little problem with the redneck cracker, did the tallywacker Jerry Heller is a devil shit-packer Comin with a crazy pitch And the Statue of Liberty ain't nothin but a lazy bitch Don't wanna give up the crack, to the black But you'll call it racial, if we go and rape the ho But eat 'em up yum, and you're floored Motherfuck Billboard and the editor - I am the Predator "Yo I'm out, but - I'll be back" (repeat 3X) "Yo I'm out.."  "Yo I'm out, but - I'll be back" (repeat 3X) "Yo I'm out.."  "They indicated, that when trapped, the creature activated  a self-destruct device, that destroyed, enough rainforest  to cover three hundred city blocks." {*KA-BOOM*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: The Predator Song: It Was a Good Day Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] Break 'em off somethin {*inhales*} Shit.. {*exhales*} Yo.. Yo.. uhh.. [Verse One] Just wakin up in the mornin gotta thank God I don't know but today seems kinda odd No barkin from the dog, no smog And momma cooked a breakfast with no hog (damn) I got my grub on, but didn't pig out Finally got a call from a girl I wanna dig out (Whassup?) Hooked it up for later as I hit the do' Thinkin will I live, another twenty-fo' I gotta go cause I got me a drop top And if I hit the switch, I can make the ass drop Had to stop, at a red light Lookin in my mirror and not a jacker in sight And everything is alright I got a beep from Kim, and she can fuck all night Called up the homies and I'm askin y'all Which park, are y'all playin basketball? Get me on the court and I'm trouble Last week fucked around and got a triple double Freakin niggaz everyway like M.J. I can't believe, today was a good day (shit!) [Verse Two] Drove to the pad and hit the showers Didn't even get no static from the cowards Cause just yesterday them fools tried to blast me Saw the police and they rolled right past me No flexin, didn't even look in a nigga's direction as I ran the intersection Went to $hort Dog's house, they was watchin Yo! MTV Raps What's the haps on the craps? Shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em Roll 'em in a circle of niggaz and watch me break 'em with the seven, seven-eleven, seven-eleven Seven even back do' Lil' Joe I picked up the cash flow Then we played bones, and I'm yellin domino Plus nobody I know got killed in South Central L.A. Today was a good day (shit!) [Verse Three] Left my nigga's house paid (what) Picked up a girl been tryin to fuck since the 12th grade It's ironic, I had the brew she had the chronic The Lakers beat the Supersonics I felt on the big fat fanny Pulled out the jammy, and killed the punanny And my dick runs deep, so deep So deep put her ass to sleep Woke her up around one She didn't hesitate, to call Ice Cube the top gun Drove her to the pad and I'm coastin Took another sip of the potion hit the three-wheel motion I was glad everything had worked out Dropped her ass off and then chirped out Today was like one of those fly dreams Didn't even see a berry flashin those high beams No helicopter looking for a murder  Two in the mornin got the Fatburger  Even saw the lights of the Goodyear Blimp And it read, "Ice Cube's a pimp" (yeah) Drunk as hell but no throwin up  Half way home and my pager still blowin up Today I didn't even have to use my A.K. I got to say it was a good day (shit!) [Ice Cube] Hey wait, wait a minute Pooh, stop this shit What the fuck I'm thinkin about? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: The Predator Song: We Had to Tear This Muthafucka Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash ("Peace, quiet and good order will be maintained in our city  to the best of our ability. Riots, melees and disturbances  of the peace are against the interests of all our people; and  therefore cannot be permitted.") ("The jury found that they were all not guilty, not guilty...") ("We've been told that all along Crenshaw Boulevard  that there's a series of fires. A lot of looting is going on.  A disaster area, obviously.") ("The jury found that they were all not guilty, not guilty...") [Cube] Make it rough   ("A lot of activity continues here at this command post.") [Cube] Make it rough!! ("We have sporadic fires, throughout the city of Los Angeles.") [Verse 1] Not guilty, the filthy, devils tried to kill me When the news get to the hood the niggaz will be hotter than cayenne pepper, cuss, bust Kickin up dust is a must I can't trust, a cracker in a blue uniform Stick a nigga like a unicorn Born, wicked, Laurence, Powell, foul Cut his fuckin throat and I smile  Go to Simi Valley and surely somebody knows the address of the jury Pay a little visit, "Who is it?" (Ohh it's Ice Cube) "Can I talk to the grand wizard," then boom!! Make him eat the barrel, modern day feral Now he's zipped up like leather tuscadero Pretty soon we'll catch Sergeant Koon Shoot him in the face, run up in him with a broom- -stick, prick, devils ain't shit Introduce his ass to the AK-40 dick Two days niggaz layed in the cut To get some respect we had to tear this muthafucka up {"Wroooooooooong nigga to FUCK WITH!"} [Cube] Make it rough {"Wroooooooooong nigga to FUCK WITH!"} [Verse 2] I gotta mac-10 for Officer Wind Damn his devil ass need to be shipped back to Kansas in a casket, crew cut faggot Now he ain't nothin but food for the maggots Lunch, punch, Hawaiin, lyin Niggas ain't buyin, ya story, bore me Tearin up shit with fire, shooters, looters Now I got a laptop computer I told you it would happened and you heard it, read it But all you can call me was anti-semitic Regret it? Nope, said it? Yep Listen to my big black boots as I step Niggaz had to break you off somethin, give Bush a push But your National Guard ain't hard You had to get Rodney to stop me, cause you know what? We woulda to' this muthafucka up {"Wroooooooooong nigga to FUCK WITH!"} [Cube] Make it rough {"Wroooooooooong nigga to FUCK WITH!"} [Cube] Ay Muggs, make it rough! {"Wroooooooooong nigga to FUCK WITH!"} {"Wroooooooooong nigga to FUCK WITH!"} [Verse 3] It's on, "Gone With the Wind" and I know white men can't dunk, now I'm stealin blunts And a cake from Betty Crocker, Orville Reddenbacher Don't fuck with the black-owned stores but hit the Foot Lockers Steal, motherfuck Fire Marshall Bill Oh what the hell, throw the cocktail, I smell smoke Got the fuck out, Ice Cube lucked out My nigga had his truck out, didn't get stuck out in front of that store with the Nikes and Adidas Oh Jesus, Western Surplus got the heaters Meet us, so we can get the 9's and the what-nots Got the Mossberg with the double eyed buckshot Ready for Darryl, and like Beretta would say keep your eye on the barrel, a sparrow Don't do the crime if you can't do the time But I'm rollin, so that's a fucked up slogan The Hogan's, Heroes, spotted the guerilla by the Sizzler, hittin up police killer The super-duper nigga that'll buck We had to tear this muthafucka up, so what the fuck!?! {"Wroooooooooong nigga to FUCK WITH!"} [Cube] Huh, make it rough! {"Wroooooooooong nigga to FUCK WITH!"} [Cube] Yo Muggs, make it rough {"Wroooooooooong nigga to FUCK WITH!"} [Cube] Huh, make it rough {"Wroooooooooong nigga to FUCK WITH!"} [Cube] Enough! {"Wroooooooooong nigga to FUCK WITH!"} {"Wroooooooooong nigga to FUCK WITH!"} {"Wroooooooooong nigga to FUCK WITH!"} {"Wroooooooooong nigga to FUCK WITH!"} {"Wroooooooooong nigga to FUCK WITH!"} {"Wroooooooooong nigga to FUCK WITH!"} {"Wroooooooooong nigga to FUCK WITH!"} ("Not guilty verdicts for Stacey Koon, Laurence Powell, Timothy  Wind, and Theodore Briseno. The four officers accused of beating  motorist Rodney King.") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: The Predator Song: Dirty Mack There's a new girl on my street And I might introduce her to mack me Told my homeboy I was scoping hoping To crack them legs wide open Ready to break that banging ass Get it with the shad Take a bath in her mouth yeah Better keep the trojan And if the sex was good still be the whole frame Fucked around and told my plan to the man Sitting next to the god damn men How was I to know son That the nigg' blow with one and told the 4-1-1 With a big fat grand Talking 'bout all the whores that I ran up in Broke a nigga plan like dishes Cuz now the bitch is getting suspicious She know I fuck whores outa habit Who framed Cube, mothafuck Roger Rabbit! Cuz I couldn't have and got stabbed in the back By a black ass dirty mack...   CHORUS :  And if you didn't know it's like that  I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack  Yeah nigga didn't you know it was like that  I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack... There goes the bill-board pull it And see up I'm still #1 with the bullet what the fuck do I sing? It looks like the Predator it's gettin dissed by the editor Looked up and hell of white for caper It's to lynch a nigga on paper But I'm much too black for the god damn cracker Huh! Dirty Macker Even the Guardian Angel got mental But never seen their ass walking past South Central Little super hair oh don't lemme catcha I fuck around and wetcha Try to dirty mack me out Try to take food out my kids mouth You're looking at my people are stronger than your evil All you ask where they got the hip hop At the dope the 187 taxi on your toe So act like you know That nigga that's known to jack Devils in little red hats Motherfuckin dirty macks!   CHORUS Don't come to an O.G., with that 'he said she said' Bitch, hit the freeway, dirty mack's get tossed Cuz I fuck around, and jump your ass like Kris Kross Just might blast, snake in the grass Gotta shake up the ass Found at a trunk of funk Tall and stiff as a philly blunt What more do you want you unfucked up the plot And deserve just what you got Cuz I'm hotter than tabasco You little ass hole Mow I gotta do you like grass chow PKO now you see they flow on cannabis Cause you scandalous Don't know who the man is Ice Cube a jack The white ass Dirt Mack   OUTRO:  And if you didn't know it's like that  I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack  Yo Savage didn't you know it was like that  I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack  I suppose you don't know it's like that  I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: The Predator Song: Don't Trust Em You can't trust a big butt and a smile No, that's the old style In ninety-deuce, shit ain't quite the same Bitches gotta brand new game, yo It's kinda hard to see But the dating game ain't what it used to be Back in the day, if a ho wanted ya dough She give you a piece of ass and there we go Go and get knocked up and then get socked up You be broke and locked up But the news done hit Bitches all over on some new improved shit To y'all macks Come to find out that bitches are pullin jacks I remember every night all you had to worry about Was gettin caught at a red light And the nigga gettin ya five, day to days Now shit done changed Cos you gots to watch the ones in the skirt And it ain't about gettin burnt I know it sounds strange, but could you Stop thinkin with ya dick for a change Cos you'll get a bullet in your brain, Mr Rich And about that bitch, don't trust em Chorus (Ice Cube comin at'cha with a crazy bitch) Don't trust no (Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!) (Ice Cube comin at'cha with a crazy bitch) You can't trust no (Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!) *Repeat* Here's how the bitches jack: They try to catch a dumb nigga in the act You came to the club, stepped to the bar And pulled out a wad of Doves After you got buzzed, she walk by You saw how big her ass was Got her on the dancefloor And she started dancin like a ho Jimmy got stiff, she ain't have a ride home So you gave the bitch a lift She didn't wanna trouble you But hopped her big ass in your BMW Hopped to her house and started kissin And Jimmy just wouldn't listen Cos you got real horny And that ain't cool at four in the morning Started undressing the ho Got to the drawers and the ho said "No! "Not on the first date "It's gettin kinda late, could you come back at eight?" You said "Yeah!" cos you thought you met a wholesome ho But nigga, she know you rollin in some dough And you'll regret and somethin 'bout a bitch you just met Don't trust em! Interlude: (scratching of BBD's 'Poison' and PE's 'Don't Believe The Hype') Eight o'clock on the dot, nigga's hot Dick hard as a rock Straight on a solo creep Can't wait till her little boy go to sleep So you can seduce the G Bust a nut and make an excuse to leave You got her worked out cos you the man But the bitch got diff'rent plans She said "Take off your clothes, jump in the bed" While she powder her nose You get butt naked, cos you ready to wreck it! Cos you's a motherfuckin punk, next thing you know The door flies open with a blast With four niggas in ski masks Pointin a gun at the pimp You're scared as a motherfucker and Jimmy done went limp They beat you down just a taste Take ya to your house and make ya open up the safe Drove you far, tied up in the trunk of your own fuckin car Take you out and pop the cap I told you the bitch was a trap Don't trust em! Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: The Predator Song: Gangsta Fairytale 2 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Little Russ] Hey motherfuckin Cube, what the fuck wrong with you? You didn't kick the rest of that Gangsta Fairytale shit Why don't you kick it one good time Niggaz on the playground wanna know what's happenin You left em hangin man, what the fuck? [Verse One: Ice Cube] Little Boy Blue is outta Folsom Now them three little pigs gotta roast him Drivin down Sesame Street and I bet That little motherfucker's out fuckin Smurfette Ain't saw the wolf yet, but it's no doubt They'll catch his ass slippin at his grandma house They got the Mac-10 pointed out the coop Cause they gotta follow they nose like Fruit Loops Peeped out Little Miss Muffet on her tuffet eatin grits She saw the Mac-10 and the bitch had the shits Ran into her house, called up her crew Cause Red Riding Hood wants to kill Little Boy Blue And the wolf too, what is Mister Rogers doing? Moved out his Jordan, bought him a Ewing Him, Little Boy Blue and the wolf in the cellar Planning on gettin Cinderella Cause Cinderella still works for the pigs Through with the dwarfs, fuckin Bebe's kids Now Snow White got the horny ass fever Fuckin the Beauty's Beast like Jungle Fever Now the word's on the street When the crews meet You better make some fuckin room Cause it's on with the pigs and them other nigs When the cow jump over the moon, everybody jump [Verse Two] Now Little Boy Blue is up front WIth the nine millimeter, ready for the hunt Little Red Riding Hood caught his ass slippin Drew down on the boy cause the bitch is set-trippin About to get loose with the deuce deuce That's when the boy said, "What about the gang truce?" The little hoe had no words The wolf came around and the bitch got served Three little pigs bought wigs Dressed like sheep, Cinderella is Little Bo Peep Tryin to creep, on the crew The wolf, the Rogers, the Blue, they through Cause the pigs did the buck buck bang, ping Now you hear the fat lady sing Cinderella, ran like a bitch To the pay phone cause the bitch is still a snitch Now the pigs are caught by the pigs and taken In the pen to get fried like bacon You still can't trust no hoe And Ice Cube'll tell the kids how the stories, should go [Outro: Little Russ] Yeah Cube, man that shit was dope nigga You all that and a bowl of grits Nigga that shit was on props, nigga! Yeah that's how you kick that shit for the ninety-deuce, nigga What's happenin nigga?! Yeah nigga that's Gangsta Fairytale part 2 nigga All you trick-ass niggaz can't fuck with it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Das EFX Album: The Predator Song: Check Yo Self Typed by: OHHLA.com Intro: Das EFX Yeah! Word is bond! Das EFX in this yaknowhatI'msayin Straight from the sewer, word is bond! Yeah! Yah! Ah-yeah! We doin this with my nigga Where my nigga? Ice Cube in the motherfucker Word is bond! (Yeah!) Verse One: Ice Cube You better check yo self before you wreck yo self Cos I'm bad for your health, I come real stealth Droppin bombs on ya moms, fuck car alarms Doin foul crime, I'm that nigga wit'cha Alpine Sold it for a six-o, always let tricks know And friends know, we got the indo No I'm not a sucker, sittin in a House of Pain And no I'm not the butler, I'll cut ya (Uh!) Headbutt ya, you say you can't touch this And I wouldn't touch ya, in fact motherfuck ya Here to let you know boy, oh boy I make dough but don't call me DoughBoy This ain't no fuckin motion picture A guy or bitch-a, I'll get wit'cha And hit ya, takin that yack to the neck So you better run a check Chorus One: Das EFX and Ice Cube [Das] So come on and chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self   Chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self   Yeah, come on and check yo self before you wreck yo self [Ice] Cause shotgun bullets are bad for your health Hook: Das EFX Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!) *repeat 2X* Verse Two: Ice Cube Tricks wanna step to Cube and then they get played Cause they bitchmade pullin out a switchblade That's kinda trifle, caise that's a knife-o AK-47, assault rifle Hold the fifty, I'm nifty, pow I gotta new style, "WATCH OUT NOW!" I hate motherfuckers claimin that they foldin bank But steady talkin shit in the holding tank First you wanna step to me Now your ass screamin for the deputy They send you to Charlie-Baker-Denver row Now they runnin up in ya slow You're gone, used to be the Don Juan (Check that shit out!) Now your name is just Twan Switch it, snap it, rollin your eyes and neck You better run a check Chorus Two: Das EFX and Ice Cube [Das] So chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self   Come on and check yo self before you wrickity-wreck yo self   So chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self [Ice] Cause big dicks up yo ass is bad for yo health Hook Verse Three: Ice Cube If you're foul, you better run a make on that license plate You coulda had a V8 Instead of a tre-eight slug to the cranium (POOOOOW!) I got six and I'm aimin em Will I shoot or keep you guessin Cause fuck you and that shit ya stressin Bitch, get off the wood, you're no good There goes the neighbourhood hooker (Slut!) Go ahead and keep your drawers Givin up the claps and who needs applause At a time like this, pop the coochie and ya dead The bitch is a Miami Hurricane hit Sprung, niggaz call her 'Lips and Lungs' Nappy dugout, get the fuck out Cause women like you gets no respect Bitch, you better run a check Chorus Three: Das EFX and Ice Cube [Das] So chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self   So chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self   Come on and check yo self before you wrickity-wreck yo self [Ice] Cause bitches like you is bad for my health Hook Chorus Three Hook 3X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: The Predator Song: Who Got the Camera? Typed by: OHHLA.com [Verse 1] Drivin down the motherfuckin highway The flyway, "Hey, bitch, you goin my way?" Now I got a passenger I looked at the miniskirt, and I'm askin' her "Would you like to hit the fat bud? "Or perhaps can I run your name through the mud? "I mean, Are you giving up the nappy dugout?" She said, "No," "Well then, get the fuck out!" Cause I know where the hoes be feinin' plus your fat ass got my six-deuce leanin'  Bust a U on the avenue why oh why there ain't shit to do Bumping Sir Jinx's latest mix and you thought that shit played out in eighty six  Lookin for my dogs  looked up in the mirror being followed by the hogs One time's on my motherfuckin line why the fuck the swine had to get behind a nigga like me They must think it's a G(ank) They both walk up with the G-L-O-C [Police: Get out of the car! There was a robbery; the nigger looked just like you. All right, put your hands up, take your pants down, spread your cheeks.] Started they investigation: No driver's license no registration When I stepped out the car they slammed me  goddamn y'all who got the camera? [Chorus: repeat 2X] "Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit" "Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit" Who got the camera? [Verse 2] No lights no camera no action and the pigs wouldn't believe that my slave name was Jackson He said, "Don't lie to me "I'm looking for John, Matty, or Spike Lee" The motherfuckers called for back up I guess they planned to beat the mack up He called me a silly ass thug and pulled out his billy ass club Tearin up my coupe lookin for the chronic  goddamn nobody got a panasonic Found an empty can of old gold  came around and put my ass in a choke hold Fucked around and broke my pager Then they hit a nigger with a Taser The motherfucking pigs was trying to hurt me I fell to the ground and said, "Lord, have mercy!" Then they hit me in the face ya'll  but to them it ain't nuttin but (a friendly game of base ball) Crowd stood around I said god damn ya Who got the camera? [Verse 3] I knew when I saw that deputy smirkin'  That they was gonna put some work in Mr. law had to hit me in the jaw cause I called them faggots with guns and badges They played rat-a-tat-tat on me head  but if I had the gatty-gat-gat they'd be dead A victim of a big fat 187 and little devils don't go to heaven  Last night it was eleven but they wasn't scarin me so they tried the flashlight therapy I looked at the black one and called him a traitor  I don't give a fuck if you got a beta  Just take my fuckin picture  So I can go downtown and pitch a bitch about The one that called me a spook His name is Officer David Duke If the crowd wasn't around, they would've shot me tried to play me out like my name was rodney Fuckin police gettin badder Cause if I had a camera, the shit wouldn't matter (bitch) Uhh, who got my nine Who got my nine Y'all done did it this time, uh Who the fuck got my nine? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: The Predator Song: Say Hi To The Bad Guy Intro: (*guy talking*) Good evening. Police, do not try to adjust your radios. There is nothing wrong. We have takin control over this city as to bring you this special bulletin and we will return this motherfucker to ya as soon as the National Guard move in. Verse 1: The cops wanna catch the nigga that won't fetch But I'll blast ya, never call ya master Who is that kickin up shit much faster? Rollin on a scooter, you know I might do ya See a black clock and my buckshots run right thru ya I never knew ya Cos I'm not a trick You can suck the biggity-dick, I'm not the piggity-pig I get away quickity-quick on the plane to South Central Never get played by the monkey wrench ho Staedy mobbin I'm just like Robin Hood up to no good, so many bitches on my wood To the right of me and to the left of me Bitch, I got so much game I need a referee Throw a penalty of ass interference Damn, y'all over me, so bitch get on the bitch Here comes the cops so I better hit the fence Better run fast cos the dobermans pinch And I won't play mine in the daytime Goddamn, here comes the canine Four legged copper that wants to use Ice Cube as a whopper But who's the first nigga to outrun a chopper? No lie say hi to the bad guy Interlude: (*Cube talkin with officer*) Fuck! (Hey guys, where ya headed?) Nowhere, man (Got your licence and registration?) Yeah, hold up, right here (Hey, what's in that box back there?) Nuttin, aah, nuttin (They happen to be donuts?) (Ya got a glazed donut? How bout a beerclaw?) Aaah... (If you don't have one, I got ta gaffle ya) What? You gon' gaf... Yeah! Verse 2: See one-time, hit em up cos you know the Lench Mob is down to get em up People think Ice Cube roll with the gangs cos I'm in a coupe de sittin on thangs Ain't gotta tell me twice about the jack see a got a 9 in my lap ta take care of that Caps get peeled on the regular cos niggas try to get me for my cellular Knick knack paddy wack, the mack daddy's back Kidnappin hos like the Patty Hurst jack Have the white ho, where the fo'-fo'? Go rob a liquor store, they can't blame it on a nigga row Bring the money to the rooster Had the bitch and the Mob bein the booster Damn, can't stand when the bitch get sent to sample *?bran?* and come back up man You wanna point the finger at me cos the OG is sooped like Chevro RD Humpin, jumpin, had the place jumpin Goddamn, gotta break you off sometin You wanna know why I bust in half Now look at you now Huh, and I'm out real fast Get the paper out yo' ass, baby Yo, here we go, listen to the po' Shoot the bo-bo and act like ya know, ho Fuck with the flow and die When I walk by say hi to the bad guy Interlude: Ai yo man, there's just one left (I'll make a deal with ya) What? (Aah, ya got one of those powdered donuts? (How bout that twister? If it have cream in the middle, I'm gonna have to gaffle ya!) You gon' gaffle us? (Hey, can I reach back there and get one?0 Aaah yeah homie, go on and reach ahead here Duck ya head in here man *gun shots* (What kind of cop killer are you?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Lethal Injection Song: The Shot [phones ringing, babies crying] white guy: Hi how ya doin' ? nurse: Doctor's office, could you hold please? Yes sir can I help you? white guy: Yes I have a four o'clock appointment, I'm here to get my shot. nurse: Okay, come right with me. white guy: This isn't gonna take too long is it? nurse: Here we are, here have a seat right here. white guy: Oh great, thanks, thanks. nurse: The doctor will be right with you, and can I get you anything? white guy: Uhh maybe a glass of water would be great. nurse: Okay great. [door shuts] white guy: Damn, what is taking so long? [door creaks open, funky music in the backround] doctor Ice Cube: Yo wussup? white guy: Hi how ya doin' ? doctor Ice Cube: Alright, let's see what we got here uhh, Mr. White huh? white guy: Yes sir that's me. doctor Ice Cube: heh, I heard you don't like shots do ya? white guy: No I sure don't. doctor Ice Cube: Aww you're a big boy uhh this won't hurt a bit,      jus' uhh turn your head... white guy: Let's get this over with. doctor Ice Cube: yeah uhh, rub a little alcohol on there, right here,      for you, and uhh brace yourself! [click] [BANG!] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Lethal Injection Song: Really Doe Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*GUN SHOT*} "Ain't nobody talkin when I'm talkin fellas so shut the fuck up!" {Slick Rick sample repeats in background:   "And who the fuck are you?"} [Ice Cube] Ohh.. steppin up in my motherfuckin uhh.. Chuck Taylors, Knick kickers, Wallabee's, ?? On my ass I got the umm.. um.. khakis, 501's On my back I got the uhh.. sweatshirt You know, with the fat three creases Uhh, my t-shirt, Slingshot, uhh.. khaki shirt Umm, and I got the K-cutter, in my, in my pocket Uhh, got the afro, the braids Motherfuckin uhh, rollers 	"You got to believe, somethin.." And I just ask my motherfuckin self, uhh 	"I got to believe in me.." {"And who the fuck are you?"} {"And who the fuck are you?"} [Ice Cube] To G or not to G, is the question And like Smith told Wesson I'm shady with the .380 old school diploma I'll leave that ass in a coma, so If you got a herringbone, _Welcome to the Terrordome_ Two-eleven, sorry Reverend Oh my god, gettin robbed Reach for the small, "Atomic Dog" Hard to swallow, janky as Rollo Count to ten, and don't try to follow Cause just like Waco, I can take fo' -- -- ATF, to they death Bust a left on Western, go and get a room Don't want to be a felon like Stacey Koon Get the right bitch, hit the light switch, here we go Tap that ass like this - really doe 	"You got to believe, somethin.." West Side Lench Mob 	"I got to believe in me.." Cause I'm a motherfuckin G Cause I'm a mother-fuckin.. {"And who the fuck are you?"} [Ice Cube] Thirty in a holdin tank, catch the vapors Make me a pillow out of toilet paper Concrete bench kickin off the hemorrhoids Ese's deep, don't fuck with dem boys Phone check, co-llect call from the baller Her mama said please don't call her Do-Wah-Diddy, far from +New Jack City+ Seen one of my peers, "What the fuck you doin in here?" He said, "One-eighty-seven on the enemy" And they treat me like I just shot a Kennedy! Deputy bitch thinks she's the Queen Bee Ink on my thumb, index, and pinky "Sir, what set you from?" Play dumb "General popu-la-tion" Mama put your house up, and I can bounce up out this motherfucker, that's why I love ya Out like a boss, with a half-pint of sauce Got the shit sewed up like Betsy Ross What a friend know? Buy some indo Never fuck with a silly ho - really doe 	"You got to believe, somethin.." Really doe, bitch 	"I got to believe in me.." Cause I'm a motherfuckin G God damn I'm a motherfuckin G 	"You got to believe, somethin.." Yup, that's right 	"I got to believe in me.." Cause I'm a motherfuckin G God damn I'm a.. {"And who the fuck are you?"} Knock you out like NyQuil, I'll kill you quick You sucker-for-love-ass trick So don't run up, wit ya gun up Cause I got the back breaker, double pump rump shaker Cause we can play hookie in the _Aqua Boogie_ With concrete Nikes, ya gets no stripes Livin unforgiven with the mic on And punks runnin like roaches with the light on And that's all the shit I'm startin Bust a cap (ka-kow-POW) like Jerome on Martin You lookin for a punk with benefits cause you got a baby, that take many shits And you know I got a grip like a baby on a tit Scopin hopin, thighs open But I kick back, six-pack, and hit the Phillie slow Hooker hoe - really doe 	"You got to believe, somethin.." Ice Cube, yup 	"I got to believe in me.." Cause I'm a motherfuckin G God damn I'm a motherfuckin G 	"You got to believe, somethin.." Really doe - West Side 	"I got to believe in me.." Cause I'm a motherfuckin G Motherfuckin O, motherfuckin G 	"You got to believe, somethin.." East Side 	"I got to believe in me.." {"And who the fuck are you?"} {"And who the fuck are you?"} 	"You got to believe, somethin.." South.. Side 	"I got to believe in me.." Cause I'm a motherfuckin G G, G, G, motherfuckin G 	"You got to believe, somethin.." North Side 	"I got to believe in me.." {"And who the fuck are you?"} {"And who the fuck are you?"} 	"You got to believe, somethin.." 	"I got to believe in me.." {"And who the fuck are you?"} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Lethal Injection Song: Ghetto Bird Verse One: Why, oh why must you swoop through the hood like everybody from the hood is up to no good. You think all the girls around here are trickin up there lookin like Superchicken At night I see your light through my bedroom window But I ain't got shit but the pad and pencil I can't wait till I hear you say  "I'm going down, mayday, mayday." I'm gonna clown Cause everytime that the pigs have got me y'all rub it in with the flying Nazi military force, but we don't want ya Standin' on my roof with the rocket launcher "So fly like an eagle." But don't follow us wherever we go The shit that I'm saying, make it's heard Motherfuck you and your punk-ass ghetto bird ["Run, run, run, from the ghetto bird" (2x)] Verse Two: Now.. My homey's here to lick on a trick for a Rolex And let me try the four next Now the four I was driving was hotter than july looked up and didn't see it whippin' in the sky Saw a chopper with numbers on the bottom "Calling all cars, I think we've got em." I hit the gas and I mashed past Inglewood I think I drove through every single hood South Central, Compton and Watts Long Beach, bust a U, here come the cops Wish I had a genie with about three wishes Metal flake green on D's I look suspicious You know that I'm running Shit, I hear it humming Fuck, I see it coming Is it a bird? Yup Is it a plane? No I hit me a right on El Segundo Wanted to holla, had to ditch the Impala Let's see if they would folla Me, hit a fence, hit a fence, and another met me a baby pitbull and his mother Ran up in some peoples house and looked out of the window I wish it was my ten-four had to pull a strap on a fool named Louis the Third cuz I'm getting chased by the ghetto bird "Just put his hat, ehrrr, he combed his hair and then put his hat back  on. Errr, he's acting nonchalant up there in that cockpit, going 115  miles an hour, with the police chasing him. Ehm, they're not gonna be  real happy when they catch up with him, no matter what, the eh...  Ehrr, they hate, they hate a bigmouth even worse." Verse Three: Officer Bird's on his way, and I don't wanna see him could you please give me the keys to the B.M.? See, I didn't want to gank you but don't make me bank you, thank you Tried to get yo the hood, and you might guess that a fool like me woulda shot Cyrus  Incognito, Ghetto Eagle Saying, "Fuck, where did he go?" I bust me a left from Rubellon. Park The 735 and I'm bailin Went to my homegirl's house and got a hug man, She helped me run like Harriet Tubman Looked out the window by the black bed I saw the pigs and the four on a flatbed Then the light from the bird hit me in the face I close the blinds cause I didn't wanna catch a case All that night, I heard the bird circle while I was eating fish and watching Urkel She said I could sleep on the couch By two A.M. I was digging her out Fuck the ghetto bird  "Which way is he going now?"  "Ok, now..now he's..he's actually southbound..on a service street..  and, uh...Gee whiz, uh, I'm gonna get my maps out here and figure  out which service srteet he suddelny turned off on. Uh, the sherriffs  are..are...well I know that...Sherriffs ground units got thrown off" Motherfuck you and your punk-ass ghetto bird The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Lethal Injection Song: You Know How We Do It Typed by: LTho224999@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] Yeah... yeah!  Fool -- you know how we do it West Side Comin from the West Side Nothin but the West Side Ain't nuttin goin on but the bomb-ass rap song Hittin all night long Just like me on the black and white ivory Gettin six on artillery, you don't want to see a G Break yo' ass like dishes Buster-ass tricks, sleep with the fishes Runnin from Lennox, up at Venice They wanna have me in stripes, like Dennis the Menace But that ain't poppin, ain't no stoppin Fo'-hoppin, ass droppin, Coupe DeVille My truth can, ill - fool I got skills So, back on up 'fore I check that chin Down as fuck and I'm full off Henn' You gets no love and I thought you knew it Fool, you know how we do it Comin from the West Side West Side, comin from the West Side [Ice Cube] Chillin with the homies, smellin the bud Double parked and I'm talkin to Dub about who got a plan, who got a plot whom got got, and who got shot Cause everybody knows that he got the info Crazy Toones hangin out the window Fool I got them bomb-ass tapes Da Lench Mob, _Planet of the Apes_ I'm down with Eiht, and _Watts Up_ Kam is solo, they got nuts When Ice Cube write a sentence I want "The Bomb," just like George Clinton S-K-D is down to catch a body Put on _Knee Deep_, we'll turn out your party You gets no love and I thought you knew it Fool, you know how we do it You know how we do it [Ice Cube] Jack B. Nimble, and Jack B. Quick if you wanna jack me on a lick, cause I'm that fool from South Central You think you stuck yourself, with a number 2 pencil That's how I poke hot lead in yo' ass With "Mo' Bounce to the Ounce" in the dash Mash up, Ve-nice, headed for the West  Everything is great, slow down for the dip On a 100 and 8th and keep mashin Don't drink and drive to keep the fo' from crashin Stashin a glock and I thought you knew it You know how we do it Comin from the West Side, West Side Nuttin but a West Side It's hittin on the West Side Fool, you know how we do it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Lethal Injection Song: Cave Bitch Intro: Dr. Khalid Muhammed Give me a black goddess sister I can't resist her. No stringy haired, blonde hair, blue eyed, pale skinned buttermilk complexion. Grafted, recessive, depressive, ironing board backside straight up and straight down. No frills, no thrills, Miss six o'clock, subject to have the itch, mutanoid, caucazoid, white cave bitch... Verse One: Ice Cube Ease back white bitch, I don't play that Just because I got on my L.A. hat Stalkin' walking in my big black boots Is my jingle, now you want Mandingo Big, black and handsome I should hold your devil ass for ransome Sorta like Patty Herst, but I'll burst first bitch And you know what's worse I'm coming from the land where the choppers roam So phuck you bitch and your Coppertone Stringy hair - no derrier - frontin' and fakin' with your silicone pair Do I wanna phuck? Not hardly That's kinda like Barbie phuckin' Bob Marley It ain't gonna happen, I keep rappin' Muthaphuck Teniell, but see I'm the Captain of this ship And I'm true to the game Ya all look the same Standin' by my backstage door, hopin' that'll switch Spread out you little cave bitch Verse Two: Ice Cube Why everytime we get famous You wanna play us like Andy and Amos? The devil sent you to try and tame us But you can't tame me, with no bitch named Amy Lookin' for the dark meat But ho, I ain't tryin' to go out like Barkely Cuz everytime I turn on the TV I see several brothers with she-devils Smilin' cuz you out on a date But sooner or later, the bitch'll yell rape Soon as daddy found out you a jigaboo He'll kill like he did Emmitt Till Yah, he tried to kick bass But the bitch probably threw it in his face Sargent Bale ain't nothin' but a trick Nasty as hell, stanky little cave bitch Verse Three: Now don't think that I hate you Cuz I won't date you, bitch I gotta stay true You can be a fan, but don't expand And try to get my dick in your hand You better run to the minute man Pale as snow, so act like y'know Cuz if I slap it, flip it, and rub it like that Yeah, it gotta be black Plus yo ass too flat I need a butt big enough that can clap Rat-a-tat-tat You can't get mine ho I'd rather phuck an albino Atleast I know, she's comin' from the Nubian And not the Ku Klux Klan that you be in And I don't give a fuck if your family is rich You're still a little cave bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ George Clinton Album: Lethal Injection Song: Bop Gun (One Nation) Typed by: bizzy_manson666@hotmail.com, urbanspacedude@excite.com At these up late times, hardcore funkateers before the bop gun.  We unleash you a positive light. The bop gun can do you no harm. It frees yo mind, so yo kind can follow. (Yeahhh.) So wide you can't get around it So low you can't get under it So high you can't get over it IIIIIIII, can't get over it [Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit] [Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit] [Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit] [Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit] Well all right!  [Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit] Attention all radio station jocks ... [Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit] haw haw, got to be groovin' jammin' on yo box. [Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit] The Mothership Connection is upon you again. [Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit] Yeah, workin' up a sweat, is it wet yet? [Ready or not, here we come Getting down for the one which we believe in] Verse 1: Ice Cube 1993, much more ba-e-ya-e-younce Ice Cube comin' with the half ounce Not Just Knee Deep, jeep fulla smog A, To, mic, Dog Like ya behind, heard it through the grapevine How much longer will you be mine? And I'ma tell ya, I don't like drama So do I have to put my handcuffs on your mama 'Cause Bertha Butt did her fuckin' boogie with her crew But I'd rather fuck you, boo And make you say humdrum, tweedee dum Humdrum don't succumb when I'm done, buckin' shit One nation under a groove gettin down for the fuck of it Tear the roof of this motherfucker like we did last night, son And hit you with the bop gun [George Clinton] Here's my chance to dance my way Out of my constriction Gonna be freakin' up and down Hang up really late The groove I only got We shall all be moved Ready or not, here we come Gettin down for the one which we believe in [One nation under a groove Gettin down just for the funk of it One nation and we're on the move Nothin can stop us now] {Yeah.} Dance, sucka, dance! {Yeah, heh heh. And it don't stop. Sheeeit.} Givin' you more of what you're funkin' for Aw, feet don't fail me now! Ha ha! [Givin' you more of what you're funkin' for] Do you promise the funk {yep}, the whole funk,  Nothin but the funk? {Hit you with the bop gun, heh, Buss a cap with my bop gun,  Gotta hit you with the bop gun, Buss a cap with the bop gun, hit you with the bop gun,  Buss a cap with the bop gun, heh, 'cause I'm the top gun...} Ready. {yep} Ready. {yep} Ready. {yep, come on} [Ready or not, here we come Gettin down on the one which we believe in] Verse 2: Ice Cube If you hear any noise, it's just me and the boys Playin with our toys M-1, cuz everybody's gotta have fun Under the sun, under the sun So rough, so tough when I get down The disco fiend with the monster sound I wants to get fucked up when I'm chillin', whoa The bigger the headache, the bigger the pill-in You let her funk me 'cause my funk is the best Comin from the West Kickin that shit be occupied, dedicated to the preservation motion of hips Hittin them dips, cd skips but I'm straight As I bounce, rock, skate, now I'll toast to that If it's rough, make the girls say  "Do that stuff! Aw, do that stuff!" But ya got to be, you got to be a freak of the week For the top gun, hit you with the bop gun [One nation under a groove Gettin down just for the funk of it One nation and we're on the move Nothin can stop us now] {Trick! Yeeah!} Jus hit 'em with the bop gun! [One nation under a groove {heh} Gettin down just for the funk of it One nation and we're on the move Nothin can stop us now] {Get up with the bop gun...} [One nation under a groove ('bout time we got down, one time) Gettin down just for {the fuck of it, yeahh} One nation and we're on the move Nothin can stop us now] [One nation under a groove (now everybody say) Gettin down just for the funk of it One nation and we're on the move Nothin can stop us now] [Here's my chance to dance my way Out of my constriction] [Feet don't fail me now! Ha ha!] {Get 'em with the bop gun... I'm a' blast with the bop gun ... heh heh ... On yo ass with the with the bop gun ... I'm talkin' trash with the bop gun ... yeah And it don't stop And it won't stop} Here's my chance to dance my wayyy, Out of my constriction (Yeahhh, feel the shit now!) {Oh shit}  ... hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there! Lemme hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there!  {Oh yeah} Lemme hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there! Lemme hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there! Lemme hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there! Lemme hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there! [Givin' you more of what you're funkin' for Feet don't fail me now] (That's right!) [Do you promise the funk Givin' you more of what you're funkin' for Ooo, feet don't fail me now ....  Can I get it on my good foot, good gawd ...  'Bout time I got down one time] (Can I get down one time) [Ice Cube] Do not attempt to adjust your radio There ain't nothin' wrong, so hit the bong Waitin' on the double dutch bus for a ride As the buffalo bitch go round the outside Put a glide in your stride and a dip in your hip Got Daytons on the mothership And you can ring my bell if you need me to pass The dutchie on the left hand side for the sale Cuz nobody knows where the nose goes when the doors close  Dog chow got the hoes Lookin' for the theme from the Black Hole Now I'll big bang you with my black pole Flashlight, red light, we don't like cops on the bike Just made bail, tonight So whatcha gonna do when you get outta jail? I'm gonna have some fun with the bop gun (Ready or not, here we come Getting down on the one which we believe in) [One nation under a groove  (Here is my chance to dance my wayyy) Gettin down just for the funk of it (One Nationnnn) One nation and we're on the move (Get it on my good foot, good gawd) Nothin can stop us now] (Ha ha ha ha ha haeeee) [One nation under a groove  Gettin down just for the funk of it One nation and we're on the move Nothin can stop us now] (Now I want everybody to put together this time ... hit me!) [One nation under a groove  (Can I get it on my good foot) Gettin down just for the funk of it (Bout time I got down one time) One nation and we're on the move Nothin can stop us now] (Uh huh, uh huh, one nation) [One nation under a groove  (Can I get it on my good foot) Gettin down just for the funk of it (Bout time I got down one time) One nation and we're on the move Nothin can stop us now] [One nation under a groove (Ooh yeah) Gettin down just for the funk of it (Ooh yeah) One nation and we're on the move Nothin can stop us now] (Ha ha ha ha ha haeeee) [One nation under a groove  Gettin down just for the funk of it (Bout time I got down one time) One nation and we're on the move Nothin can stop us nowwwwww.] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Lethal Injection Song: What Can I Do? Intro: [sampled announcer] In any country, prison is where society sends it's failures But in this country, society itself is failing. Verse One: Today, how you like me now, I'm in the mix? It's 1986 and I got the fix with the chicken and a quota Got the baking soda, let the water boil, workers all loyal Dropped out the twelveth Cuz my wealth is shorter than a midget on his knees Now I slang keys Infest my hood with crack, cuz I'm the mack Take a nation of millions to hold me back Too big for my britches, and I got bitches Now I'm hittin' switches, niggas want my riches Used to get 18 when my G was alive, now a key is 13-5 '89s the number, another summer Police ain't get no dumber Streets dried up, used to think it would last But being a king-pin is a thing of the past They tried to blast me for selling a boulder Now I got my ass in Minnesota Got my own crew, it's on brand new Damn, what can I do? Today... Verse Two: Already done stack me half a mill ticket Bought a house next to Prince, so now I can kick it Now I got ends, wavin' to my friends, rollin' in my Benz Goin' to see the Twins, play at the dome Police are tappin' my mobile phone I'm almost home Gettin' excited, indited, spent a grip and a year tryin' to fight it Lawyer got paid, plea, no contest And everything I own got repossessed Now take a look at the dust And I'm happy cuz I only got 36 months Never picked up a book But my arms are 16 inches, niggas look Can't wait for '92 so I can get with my crew And see, what can I do? Today... Verse Three: Phucked up in the pen, now it's ninety-fo Back in LA, and I'm bailin' in the dough Everybody, now I gotta start from scratch So where to work at, and niggas smirk at Me say ain't nuttin' poppin from here to the LB What you tell me? No it ain't crack, and everybody's jackin' for a coupe Cuz, they sent in the troops Even tho I got muscle, that ain't my hustle Takin' niggas sh*t in a tussle No skills to pay the bills Takin' 'bout education to battle inflashion No college degree, just a dumb ass G (Yeah you Nigga, who me?) I got a baby on the way, damn it's a mess Have you ever been convicted of a felony? Yes Took some advice from my Uncle Fester All dressed up in polyester Welcome to McDonalds may I please help you? sh*t, what can I do? Today... Outro: The white man has broke every law known to man to establish AmeriKKKa. But he'll put you in the state penitentary, he'll put you in the federal penitentary for breaking these same laws. Now we gonna look and see if this muthaphucker is guilty for the laws he'll put you in jail for : Drug using, drug selling, armed robbery, strong armed robbery, grand larceny, rape, racketering, conspiracy to commit murder, extortion, aggravated assault, mayhem, sodomy of the black man, trespassing, embezzelment, purgery, kidnapping, smuggling, grand theft, brandishing a firearm, carrying a conceled weapon, breaking and entering, and premeditated cold-blooded murder. Guilty on every charge. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Lethal Injection Song: Lil Ass Gee Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au Look at that lil' ass Westside doped out insane-in-the-brain little nigga servin caine Use to have to axe could he cross the street now he's rollin in a Gee, the Gee is on E He's quick to hit you up with the two fingers spreaded (Wassup?) Don't roll that shit (Wassup?) and hold that shit (Wassup?) Now you know what fuckin set he's claimin A wild little nigga and it ain't no tamin And just when you think everything is calm that motherfucker is the first to bum like bang, ping, catch you with the sleeper He'll draw down and then check his beeper He's clockin them chicks and bucks Gettin, his little dick sucked by the, clucks And will he do dirt? Fool oh please Little locs are harder then the OGz You fall to the ground and beg please Just got served by little niggas on the 10-speed 12 years old, got bumps they can't keep A straight killer, a fool, a lil ass gee..... God damn, it's a trick Use to have the G.I.Joe with the kung-fu grip Now he's straight Crip, or Blood Now ya sag, you use the blunt Now ya known as the favorite groupie Goin to camp and it ain't Camp Snoopy (Wassup?) But I ain't surprised It's 12 months later, year, I see you got a little size You motherfuckin crook You want respect cos you didn't get'cha manhood took Drinkin that 'yac like it's no tomorr-y Westside hustler fucker-tory In the jail and it ain't no thang Can't wait til you get 22's on the hang (Uhh) A underage boy that's lookin tossed And that's ya idea of who you hide All you want for Christmas is guns and drinkers Little nigga nuttier than a Snicker You don't wanna be like Mike, you wanna be like me A fool, a killer, a lil ass gee...... Interlude: (*two sampled guys talking*) See, I knew it wouldn't be long They got your ass stretched like Stretch Armstrong In the one-man cell, it got'cha thinkin Sendin more kites than Benjamin Franklin 20 years old but ya still a veteran Won't touch down til we're livin like the Jetsons Proud of ya self, because ya done done it Gotcha 22's and your name on your stomach Never even think about a woman to fuck Rather stand in lin eor bust the ass of a young buck Got stuck, now you're bleedin Hospital ward, is got your reading Learn about the knowledge of self ya see that ya mad enough to go and stick the death to these See, it ain't about bein hard But that's whatcha tell the little homies in the yard Ya already done did 10 and wish you could start all over again Brand new inmates and who do ya see Your baby brother in shackles, a fool, a lil ass gee..... A fool, a lil ass gee Yo this go out to the little hardhead homies who probably gon' see more, ahh, assholes than pussyholes when they get you in that system The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Lethal Injection Song: Make it Ruff, Make it Smooth Intro: K-Dee, Ice Cube [hey yo cube] MAKE IT RUFF [cube check it out] whassup? [yo this bitch was suckin my dick, you know what i told her?] what? [make the music with ya mouth biiiyaaatch!] hahahaha, baby baby! [hahah ya like that] MAKE IT RUFF [naw, make it smooth] Verse One: Ice Cube, K-Dee i make niggas say 'woof' cos i'm in the coupe with no roof [ya smell like somethin 90-proof] cos i'm ruff, and nigga you can buck these nuts if you comin with that smooth shit, hard core rules shit [i make the hoes say 'hay' each and every day bitch cos i'm the k-dee, no i'm not a g] mothafuckin wannabe mack [but i'm smooth like that] i gots ta buck...you...right on up, punk you lucky that cha livin cos i'm the unforgiven; i like power, ain't a damn thing funny [i like pussy and money and i won't slam like onyx or never ever stutter but i'm b-b-butter; leader of the new school, you hard core fool!] nigga make it ruff! [make it smooth!] MAKE IT RUFF [naw, make it smooth.] Verse Two: K-Dee, Ice Cube [K-Dee] you can lick me up and down till i yell stop! damn bitch ya missed a drop...cos i don't play when i sway it's the quicker picker upper; a pro that moves slow before this hoe i'm quick to dump her; so eeny-meeny-miney-mo, where's my dough? i gots ta make a livin, i out ta get mo;  money, and got more nuts for ya honey; so come and break me off, this nigga's walkin soft;  it's the smoothness that make niggas move to this;  for you ruffnecks, i'll check you with my tool and shit;  don't sweat 'em, just let 'em play that hardcore role; we still cool, but just make it smooth... [Ice Cube] you know what, it's like a jungle sometimes it makes me wonder how i keep from goin under, i'm chocolate thunder; ruff as sin, cuts on ya skin and i blend with the tracks, see i'm black k-dee is the mack; matter fact niggas hit me up with the c's and b's but you don't wanna fuck wit these cos i'll put 'em on ya and we'll have to wake ya mothafuckin ass up with ammonia cos hardcore rap is always on the map and it don't stop devoid of pop; and if i drop another smooth hit it'll still be hard, cos i helped start this shit; so make it ruff [naw make it smooth!] make it ruff! [make it smooth!!] make it ruff! [make it smooth!!] MAKE IT RUFF [..naw...make it smooth.] MAKE IT- MAKE IT RUFF [naw, make it smooth.] Verse Three: Ice Cube, K-Dee i hate when niggas get too fuckin sexy on the track, i'm pro black. [well i'm a pro-mack.] i like hittin switches. [i love hittin bitches, cos i'm a player.] hard rhyme sayer! [i thought you knew, but ain't no thang, you knew the way i swang; creepin, ain't no sleepin, ain't a damn thing changed; i hit hoe after hoe with this laid-back shit.] fool, i kill at will and still can fade that shit; cos it's the predator, i edit(?) her, so nigga watch yo step! [you in a gang like starr, tryina get a rep!] it ain't no sweat for me to buck buck nigga don't give a fuck; you better duck duck or get your ass stuck stuck! [don't let the smooth shit fool ya, cos i can get it on; cos i be breakin bones like dragonfly jones; quick to put em on ya.] don't make me act a fool! nigga, make it ruff! [make it smooth!] MAKE IT RUFF make it ruff [make it smooth] MAKE- MAKE IT- MAKE IT RUFF ...make it ruff [make it smooth!] MAKE IT RUFF ice cube's up in this motherfucker [k-dee's up in this motherfucker] MAKE IT RUFF [naw make it smooth.] MAKE IT RUFF [naw, make it smooth!] MAKE- MAKE IT RUFF- RUFF  MAKE- MAKE IT RUFF [naw make it smooth.] MAKE IT RUFF- RUFF [naw, make it smooth.] [naw, naw, make it smooth] [naw, make it smooth] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Lethal Injection Song: Down For Whatever Intro  Damn.  I'm broke.  My feet hurt.  (Inside the mind of a car jacker)  And that bitch is slippin.  It makes me wanna..creep.  It makes me wanna..creep. Verse One  Damn, I'm such a G it's pathetic  Here comes the big-headed  Nigga that's dippin  Sippin on Courvoisier  Goddamn I must havta floss today  Now pimpin aint easy but it's necessary  So I'm chasin bitches like Tom chased Jerry  I'll put the pedal to the flo-uh  In my two-tone Ford Explo-uh  You know how it's done  Sounds bumpin  Ain't that sumthin?  Jumped on the 110  She's flyin in the Blazer  Like "Go Speed Racer"  But I ain't gonna chase her  Like Racer X  But I won't flex  Til it's time to have sex  So when you wanna get togetha?  Cause you know a nigga like me  Is down for whatever  And I'm down for whatever Verse Two  When I was little I didn't wanna be like Mike  I wanted to be like Ike  Cause  Papa Was A Rolling Stone in the sixties  And he liked green like Bill Bixby  Told me that my best friend was a ten and a twenty  Pokets never skinny  Played let's get it on in the living room  Cause he'll turn the party out sayin, "This is MY muthafuckin house"  And y'all gots to go  Through the door  And if you can't find the door  He'll help you with the four-four  Talkin much shit on the grass  And straight down to blast  I'm still in my p.j.'s  He's in a turtleneck sweater  And we down for whatever  And I'm down  Solid Pro is down for whatever  The Don Jaguar is down for whatever  And it don't seem to stop Verse Three  Now  I don't talk a lot of shit  But when it's time to get busy with these hos, let's go  Cause I'd rather see a skinhead dead  Then my niggas wearin blue or red  Cause I got the gift  To hit these hos swift  And I'm smellin like a fifth  Of sumthin  Yeah, that's right  I'm standin in the store  Koreans  Act so nice  Cause I got potentials to blow up a Winchells  Donut  And you know what?  I'm Cool Like Dat like Digable Planets  But don't take a nigga for granted  Cause whether it's a verdict of the L.A. four  You just don't know  That this rappin-ass nigga will change with the weather  And be down for whatever Outro  And I'm down  Creep.  And I'm down for whatever   Ice Cube - devoid of pop   And I will never dance for you trick-ass niggas  It makes me wanna..creep.  It makes me wanna..creep. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Lethal Injection Song: Enemy Intro: Every January 16th, it's "The Dreamer, The Dreamer." And all of you say, "I have a dream; The Dreamer." And what did he dream?It stuck him right there. And little black boys, and little white girls will one day hold hands together. Shit. Is that where it's at?Is that where it's at now? Them little blacks hands are yours. You can't hold the black brothers' hands? But you gonna grow old holdin' crackers' hands before you hold each other's hands? You gonna walk with your enemy before you learn to walk with one another? How sick can you be? (Enemy) Verse One: Where you gonna go when the brothers wanna bust a shot where you gonna go when I wanna kill bloodclot Supercat said that the ghetto red hot bust a gloc, bust a gloc, devils get shot nappy-headed, no-dreded look where ya read it buck the devil, buck the devil, look who said it listen what I say after 1995 not one death will be alive god will survive, him protect the civilized who really cares if the enemy lives or dies? not me, not me me never eat from the tree with the apple I'd rather have a Snapple do you know where you're going to do you know where you're runnin from scared of the sun, I live in the sun You shrivel up like a raisin and burn like the blunt that I'm blazin Ku Klux Klan scared of my nutty beats cause them nutty beats equal bloody sheets out number you somethin like 15 to 3 see, don't love your enemy Chorus Enemies, enemy runnin from the G enemies, enemy, you're my enemy enemies, enemy, when will I see? enemies, enemy R.I.P. Verse Two: Where you gonna run when God wanna do ya? J. Edgar Hoover, I wish I woulda knew ya with the boom ping ping is the ring from the fire me not afraid, cause me know Elijah goin to the East but straight from the Westside swing down sweet chariot nad let me ride through the fire, through the fire that will please us I know that Farrakhan is your baby Jesus devil don't you know I'm a soldier? in God's name and the baby claim I'm gonna hold ya like Folger's Crystals feds I'ma pick your ass like Juan Valdez you don't care if me die from the cracka you don't care if me have a heart attacka you don't care if me get car jacka you don't care cause you're nothing but a cracka now it's Judgement Day, and Allah'll never play "freedom got an AK," them Guerilla say Bobby Seale said, "please make it rough, bro" when God give the word, me herd like the buffalo through your neighborhood, watch me blast tribe of Shabazz, get in that ass you shoulda took heed of my word and became a friend of me now you're just a enemy Chorus Verse Three: Now I change my style up, my style up,bodies pile up just to trouble you, throwin out the W sent me a subpoena cause I kill more crackas then Bosnia, Herze - govina each and every day out a siz-tre Chevrolet with the heavy A to the muthafuckin K now you treat me like a germ cause your scared of the su - per sperm please don't bust til you see, the whites of his eyes the whites of his skin, the whites of his lies nappy head nigga with the bone in his nose ya scared I'ma put this bone in your hoes but I don't wanna, I've been to cona from the cavebitch with the nasty persona hit me with the big black billy club cause you white and your hoe than a silly nub three men in the tub, rub-a-dub-dub and it's really scary, now they're in the military Sodom and Gomorrah, devil read your Torah, Bible, Holy Qur'an once again it's on, got the hollow point teflon and the brother Ron 2X, so who's next? (devil) with Dub C, Brother G Crazy Toons is a crazy coon ready for the enemy high off the Hennesy hundred ten degree, no it's not Tennesee West L.A., what the hell can I say? niggas wanna play, each and every day pass me the pill, a nigga shoot the J rougher than the roughest rough muthafucka, had enough muthafucka? handcuff this muthafucka with the duct tape, tie it to the bumper grab his bitch, dump her, cause nobody wanna hump her they call me Thumper cause I thump til it hurt knock your dick in the dirt, puttin in work Master Farad Muhammad comin like a comet when they see em, they all start to vomit 1995, Elijah is alive Lewis Farrakhan, NOI Bloods and Crips and little ol me and we all gettin ready for the enemy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Lethal Injection Song: Heaven Verse One: Listen to the preacherman But are you talkin' to me I can't hear you with a mouth full of pig's feet If I should need the swine flesh Your body is a mess, but you're blessed With a father, son, spirit and the holy ghost But my whole neigborhood is comatose Lookin' for survival The devil made you a slave and he gave you a bible 400 years gettin' our ass kicked By so-called christians and catholics But I watch 'em burn in a fire See I'm a g, that's why I ain't in your choir Cause I see, cause I know The church ain't nothin' but a fashion show Get the devil to a 187 And they won't call me a nigga when I get to heaven Verse Two: You're waitin' for the devil to come from the ground Clown, take a look around Just look at the cross that the priest is holdin' A beast in sheep's clothing But I'm rollin' with that knowledge of self Cause heaven ain't just wealth So mister preacher, if I couldn't pay my tithe Do I have to wait outside? White man, please take another look Cause we couldn't be readin' out of the same book Cause youse a crook and I'm a brother King James had sex with his mother Is that your edition? Is that your religion? Black man, you gotta make a desicion Cause God is comin' on day number seven And he won't call me a nigga when I get to heaven Verse Three: The same white man that threw me in the slammer He bombed the church in Alabama So if I cock the hammer, God won't mind If I have to kill the human swine Cause God is a killer from the start Why you think Noah had to build his ark And God is a man from his feet to his hair That's why you say 'amen' after each and every prayer I just stare at the church man Spendin' more money on the church band But Elijah's got a plan Got the white man screamin': 'Damn that Farrakhan!' Cause one day these babies are uprise Much more than bowties and bean pies Kickin' knowledge at 7-11 And they won't call me a nigga when I get to heaven The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Bootlegs & B-Sides Song: Robbin' Hood (Cause it Ain't All Good) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "My job is to tell it like it is.." [Ice Cube] See who the fuck I'ma jack today Nigga broke, shit and it's early in the mornin "Today I'm going to tell you the story of Robin Hood" [Ice Cube] At last, grab my ski-mask out the closet Now let's see how big did my balls get? I brush my teeth - it takes a thief Swervin, cause I'm tryin to roll up the chronic leaf At a stop sign, I take a hit and hold it on I cough (*cough cough*) now I'm off Drivin down the two-lane highway It's all bad, thinkin bout shit I never had Pass through the W.S. (neighbor-hood) Knowin I can do my best in Westwood Cut off by a white BM, driven by a yuppie He sticks up his finger like, "Fuck me" Now I gotta to follow him HOME, with my CHROME Send him to the Twilight ZONE, it's ON Niggaz say I'm gone cause I'm fuckin with the rich (say what?) but they all full of bitch (yeah) Don't need a snitch, so I'm rollin solo in a straight bucket, no it ain't a low-low He pulls up to a seven bedroom, eight bath Oh yeah! He's got to feel the wrath Pistola to the neck, devil turn off the Westec(?) and when you're rollin have mo' respect (bitch) Tied his ass up and took everything I could A nigga straight robbin, mobbin, back to the hood Chorus: Ice Cube (repeat 2X) All my niggaz love (the adventures of) All my niggaz love (the adventures of) All my niggaz love (the adventures of.. .. robbin hood, cause it ain't all good) [Ice Cube] Since two-eleven is my favorite number fuck squabbin, cause I be +Robin+ like the Boy Wonder "Holy Bandit!" Leave yo' ass stranded and you know that Unhook the LoJack, cellular phone under the flo' mat (Uh) They wanna say that it's federal Actin like your ninety-five Coupe, is headed fo' Beirut they wanna shoot me like a terrorist but I don't give a FUCK, cause I'm takin care of this Trigger finger got blisters Heard from your sisters, you be rollin on the twisters Now when we meet, I can make your heart beat.. .. and make you feel, so neat Or you can get us fifteen twenties out the ATM, I'll take all of them (give 'em up) I'm king of the Slim Jim, it's the incredible Nine-oh-two-one-oh, is where I'm headed foe Don't need no Merry Men, I fuck around and bury them (POW!) if they told, what I stole (uh) Motherfuckers got to know that I'm lethal Steal from the rich, and slide it to my people Chorus 1/2 [Ice Cube] I stalk, rich ass people like Hudson Hawk Bitch don't talk, let's take a walk Nigga got nuttin to lose, you know the rules The purse and the jewels or the eleven o'clock news Which one? Magnum gun to the titties Makin scared devils, move from my city with the strong-arm, fuck the long arm of the law Bitch count to ten and forget who you saw (hurry up) Had to clock her with the handle, cause your husband's a thief with an S&L scandal Don't feel bad if you're stuck up, ahhhh Nobody move, nobody get - shut the fuck up! I'm nervous, quick to serve this heat in yo' meat, make your blood skeet A nigga just tryin to get on his feet So hurry up rich bitch, before I twitch She said, "Don't rape me, and don't kill me" Nigga don't want to fuck, yo' filthy ass Just give me the cash and we good All I wanna do is rob you on my way to the hood Chorus Chorus: Ice Cube All my niggaz love (the adventures of) All my niggaz love (the adventures of) All my niggaz love (the adventures of.. .. robbin hood, cause it ain't all good) All my niggaz love (the adventures of) All my niggaz love (the adventures of) All my niggaz love (the adventures of.. .. robbin hood, cause ain't SHIT good, YEAH!) "You know somethin Robin?" (8X) "You know somethin Robin? You're takin too many chances." 	"You must be joking!" "You're takin too many chances." 	"You must be joking!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Mack 10 Album: Bootlegs & B-Sides Song: What Can I Do? (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [sampled announcer] In any country, prison is where society sends it's failures But in this country, society itself is failing [Ice Cube] Hellll yeah! Uhh.. Ta-dow! Uhh.. Ta-dow! Uhh.. Ta-dow! UHH! Ta-dow, how ya like me now I'm in the mix It's nineteen-eighty-six and I got the fix with the chicken and a quota, got the bakin soda Let the water boil, workers all loyal Dropped out the twelveth cause my wealth is shorter  than a midget on his knees, now I slang ki's Infest my hood with crack, I'm the mack +It Take a Nation of Millions to Hold Me Back+ Too big for my britches, and I got bitches Now I'm hittin switches, niggaz want my riches Used to get 18, when my G was alive Now a ki' is 13-5 Eighty-nine's the number, another summer (Get down!) Police ain't get no dumber Streets dried up, used to think it would last But being a kingpin is a thing of the past They tried to blast me for slangin a boulder Now I got my ass in Minnesota Got my own crew, it's on brand new Damn, what can I do? Oooh Ta-dow, what can I do? Ta-dow, what can I do? Ta-dow, how ya like me now? Ta-dow, what can I do? Ta-dow, what can I do? Ta-dow, how ya like me now? Fool [Ice Cube] Already done stacked me half a meal ticket Bought a house next to Prince, now I can kick it Now I got ends, wavin to my friends Rollin in a Benz, goin to see the Twins play at the 'dome; police are tappin my mobile phone I'm almost home Gettin excited, indicted Spent a grip and a year tryin to fight it Lawyer got paid; plea, no contest cause everything I own, got repossessed Now take a look at the dust And I'm happy cause I only got 36 months I never picked up a book cause, my arms are 16 inches, nigga look (OOOH) Can't wait for ninety-two so I can get with my crew and see, what can I do Ta-dow, what can I do? Ta-dow, what can I do? Ta-dow, how ya like me now? Ta-dow, what can I do? Ta-dow, what can I do? Ta-dow, how ya like me now? [Ice Cube] Fucked up in the pen, now it's ninety-fo' Back in L.A., and I'm bailin through the do' Everybody, know I gotta start from scratch So where the work at, and niggaz smirk at me sayin ain't nuttin poppin from here to the L.B. What you tell me? No it ain't crackin, everybody's jackin for a Coupe Since, they sent in the troops Even though I got muscle, that ain't my hustle Takin a nigga's shit in a tussle No skills, to pay the bills Talkin about education to battle inflation No college degree, just a dumb ass G (Yeah you fool..) Who me? I got a baby on the way, damn it's a mess Have you ever been convicted of a felony? Yes Took some advice from my Uncle Fester All dressed up in polyester Welcome to McDonalds may I please help you? [Mack 10] Yeah you can help me punk Give me all of the money, or I'm dumpin That's on my momma Ay homeboy, while you at it gimme large fries, a strawberry shake A Big Mac, cause this Mack 10 fo' life [Ice Cube] Can I roll wit you? What can I do? Now I'm on the run, with a gun and this fool I don't know, pedal to the flo' Swervin, servin all of the pigs Just because they tryin to split my wig I'm in custody, L.A.P.D. One more felony, strike number three Twenty-five to life in cell block two It's true, that's what I gotta do, oooh Ta-dow, what can I do? Ta-dow, what can I do? Ta-dow, how ya like me now? Ta-dow, what can I do? Ta-dow, what can I do? Ta-dow, how ya like me now? Wesssssyde! What can I do, what can I do? Ice Cube.. what can I do, what can I do? What can I do, oooh [sampled announcer] In any country, prison is where society sends it's failures But in this country, society itself is failing Artist: Ice Cube Album: Bootlegs and B-Sides Song: 24 Wit an L * Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com *Originally appeared as a B-side to Cube's "Check Yo Self" single 	24 with an L, 24 years old and I got life in this motherfucker... 24 with an L as I bail through the concrete, shit is kinda deep Deep, deeper than Atlantis, you got to know who the man is L.A. better known as Pelican's Bay The ghetto bird's got the word from the stool pigeon A bird in the hand can't beat a chicken There ain't no warden (shit) Just broken glass fucking up my Jordans Twice upon the time in the projects I done got jacked for my Rolex But I keep going, let it pass Cause the swap meet got a sale on ski masks And my little homie Kevin Been carjacking since '87 (really doe) L.A. is like a jail cell And I got 24 with an L 	"Get in that cell, nigger" (Repeat 8x) Now, I made a little money, good But I still want to live in the hood But buying new fly shit Is just like inviting ants to a picnic There's just too many sets And now I'm getting those kidnap threats But who wanna get wet? Cause I'll soak ya, you think I'm fat like Oprah All I got is a little piece of nothing And now you want to jack all the sudden Rahter have me face down on the floor Instead of that devil you work for Motherfucking coward And clowning my man cause he wants to go to Howard Now I got a strap when I bail Through the hood, 24 with an L 	"Get in that cell, nigger" (Repeat 8x) 24 years, but see I got life Sorry Mike, it does matter if you're black or white Cause I'm up against the black and white They spread my legs and grab my nuts tight Niggas keep hitting me up And bitches try to get a drop of nut Asking me to dick this So they can blow up, throw up from the morning sickness Keep my shoulder on the wall like the county Cause you buster-ass niggas can't clown me South of pee go, that's where we go Deep in a Regal, Desert Eagle Sitting on my lap like a bitch with a gat Westside's on the map So if you want to scrap or even drop shells 24 with an L 	"Get in that cell, nigger" (Repeat 12x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Bootlegs & B-Sides Song: You Know How We Do It (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] Slippin, slidin, glidin LOW-ridin Ain't no hidin from this hit Fool -- you know how we do it West Side I'm comin from the West Side Wessyde, it's hittin on the West Side.. Yeah, fool.. Ain't nuttin goin on but the bomb-ass rap song Hittin all night long Just like me on the black and white ivory Gettin six on artillery, you don't want to see a G Break yo' ass like dishes Buster-ass tricks, sleep with the fishes Runnin from Lennox, up at Venice They wanna have me in stripes, like Dennis the Menace But that ain't poppin, ain't no stoppin Fo'-hoppin, ass droppin, Coupe DeVille My truth can kill - fool I got skills So, back on up 'fore I check that chin Down as fuck and I'm full off Henn' You gets no love and I thought you knew it Fool, you know how we do it Wessyde, it's bumpin on the East Side It's slammin on the South Side Makin noise on the North Side [Ice Cube] Chillin with the homies, smellin the bud Double parked, and I'm talkin to Dub about who got a plan, who got a plot whom got got, and who got shot Cause everybody knows that he got the info Crazy Toones hangin out the window "Fool I got them bomb-ass tapes" Da Lench Mob, _Planet of the Apes_ I'm down with Eiht, and _Watts Up_ Kam and Solo, they got nuts When Ice Cube write a sentence I want "The Bomb," just like George Clinton S-K-D is down to catch a body Put on _Knee Deep_, we'll turn out your party You gets no love and I thought you knew it Fool, you know how we do it Fool, you know how we do it I'm hittin on the West Side It's bumpin on the East Side Slammin on the South Side Makin noise on the North Side [Ice Cube] Now Jack B. Nimble, and Jack B. Quick if you wanna jack me on a lick, cause I'm that fool from South Central You think you stuck yourself, with a number 2 pencil That's how I poke hot lead in yo' ass With "Mo' Bounce to the Ounce" in the dash Mash up, Ve-nice, headed for the West  Everything is great, slow down for the dip On a 100 and 8th and keep mashin Don't drink and drive to keep the fo' from crashin Stashin a glock and I thought you knew it Fool, you know how we do it -- and You can't fade the R-E-M-I-X Goin to the bank cashin big fat checks What's next on the menu? Got a big fat booty to attend to, ooh with the rhythm it takes to dance to but we got to live, too Mobbin and robbin and squabbin and stealin K-Dee and me, I got the feelin and won't be happy til I'm platinum loc' The mic smoke (and all the hoes are broke) The freshest MC in the world, who is? (You is) You know how we do it Fool, you know how we do it I'm hittin on the West Side It's bumpin on the East Side Slammin on the South Side Makin noise on the North Side "Ain't nuttin goin on but the bomb-ass rap song" (3X) "Ain't nuttin goin on but the bomb-ass rap song" -> scratched The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Bootlegs & B-Sides Song: 2 N the Morning Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Yeah this is a story of a famous dog  of a dog that chases it's tail, will be dizzy" [Ice Cube] Met her snake ass at a barbecue bash She had a lot of ass and a twenty dollar stash .. of some of that superb 'erb She said, "I got the chronic, so fuck whatcha heard" "Ice Cube do you wanna hit this?  This shit is hype, sho' you right" Soon as she passed me the J and a lighter Me and this hoodrat bitch got tighter Talkin all day on the blanket (so whassup?) with her ass jacked up, beggin me to spank it Lookin like a host from the Barbary coast Nigga don't wanna get burnt like toast Whassup wit deez nuts in ya me-outh Aight everybody.. c'mon we out Took her to the six dollar hole in the wall and I like how she's holdin the balls Gobble gobble, from the incision Stuff that bitch and it ain't Thanksgiving Didn't even have to fuck all night long Take me home, damn it's on Jumped out the cover, snatched off the rubber Met the hoe's mother - yo whassup? Got the seven digits and I'm gone'n that's the kinda bitch you can call at 2 n the morning Chorus: Ice Cube Not just knee deep, she was O.G. deep when she did the freak with me Not just knee deep, she was O.G. deep when she did the freak with me "Yeah this is a story of a famous dog  of a dog that chases it's tail, will be dizzy" [Ice Cube] I bumped this hoe on the danceflo' Where you wanna go? She said, "I don't know" I thought I had a treat in the passenger seat Now her ass wanna get somethin to eat From where? She said, "Denny's I figure" I said hell naw cause they don't like niggaz Let's go to my house and order Domino's and maybe I can get the bitch out her clothes Got to the panties, her ass started fightin and I'm thinkin bout my dog Mike Tyson Took her ass home, all alone (ring ring) Whoa-oh, there go the phone Ay whatcha doin? "Nuthin" Then what about screwin? Now I'm fuckin and I'm yawnin (*YAWN*) yup but thank God for the bitch  that'll come/cum at 2 n the morning Chorus [Ice Cube] You the kind of girl to eat a dick up raw and drink a 40 through a straw And I love ya, cause you're down to get dug and your man don't know you're gettin fucked by a thug You a woman that's true (that's right) Doin what the fuck you wanna do And it's cool, cause you got a purse full of rubbers and I'm a friend of your brother's (yup) So jump your freaky ass in your Hyundai I got a room at the Omni Nothin tricky, no you ain't picky Whassup Nikki? Down for a quickie Get your lil' dickie and your Mickey and you're straight and gotta be at work by 8 Called you last night, you wasn't home and damn - it's half past 2 n the morning Chorus "Yeah this is a story of a famous dog  of a dog that chases it's tail, will be dizzy" [girl] Hello? [Cube] Yo whassup this Cube, whatchu doin? [girl] I'm asleep [Cube] Asleep? Get yer ass up and come over here [girl] Want me to drive way over there? [Cube] Yeah, come on through and shit, y'know, it's about 2 [girl] Alright, here I come.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Bootlegs & B-Sides Song: Check Yo Self CHORUS: So come on and chick-ity-check yo self before you wreck yo self You betta check yo self for you wreck yo self Cause I'm bad for your health I come real stealth Droppin bombs on ya moms, fuck car alarms Do without one mother nigga wit yo Alpine Sold it for six-o, always let tricks know And friends know, we got that indoe Yo I'm not a sucka, sittin in A House of Pain And no I'm not the butler, I'll cut ya Head-butt ya, you say you can't touch this And I wouldn't touch ya, punk motherfucker Here to let you know boy, oh boy I make dough, but don't call me Dough-Boy This ain't no fuckin picture A guy or bitch-a, my nigga get wit ya And hit ya, makin they yack to the neck So you better run a check CHORUS Tricks wanna step to Cube and then they get played Cause they bitch may pullin out a switchblade That's kinda trifle, cause that's a knife-o AK-47, assault rifle Hold the fifty, I'm nifty now, [Watch out now] I hate motherfuckers claimin that they foldin bank But steady talkin shit in the holdin tank First you wanna step to me, now your ass screamin for the deputy They send you to Charlie-Baker-Denver row, now the runnin up in ya slow You're God, used to be the Don Juan, now your name is just Twan Switch it, snap it, rollin your eyes and neck, you better run a check CHORUS Big dicks in ya ass is bad for your health If you're foul you better run a make on that license plate you coulda had a V8 Instead of a trey-eight slug to ya cranium I got six and I'm aimin em Will I bus or keep you guessin Cause fuck you and that shit ya stressin Bitch, get off the wood, you no good There goes the neighborhood hooker Go ahead and keep your drawers  givin up the claps and who needs applause at a  time like this, pop ya coochie and ya dead Bitch is a Miami Hurricane head Sprung, niggas call her lips and lungs Nappy dugout, get the fuck out Cause women like you gets no respect Bitch, you better run a check CHORUS Cause bitches like you is bad for my health Cause the Lench Mob is bad for ya health Nine-trey, remix, old school tip, yeah It's like a jungle sometimes it makes me wonder how I keep from goin under The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Bootlegs & B-Sides Song: You Don't Wanna Fuck Wit These (Unreleased '93 Shit) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] You don't wanna fuck wit these You don't wanna fuck wit these Run up you big-ass bitch and I'll have you clockin G's Wit my knockout jab, mess around and stab yo' ass in the gut, I don't give a fuck Down with the brown, clownin these honkies that got us in the mix with they 666 Tricks get found, stinkin like tuna Bailin through your hood in my fresh suede Pumas And I don't hit gates, nigga pump yo' brakes cause I ain't runnin, you better start gunnin Take your hand off your metal There's nowhere to hide, cause the world is a ghetto Want my afro long like Mad Dawg on a velvet poster, 40 on the coaster cause moms don't play that shit Been hard on a nigga since (?)8-8-6(?) Sayin you need Jesus, cause I got the fresh sweatshirt with the three fat, creases And it's on like that, nigga where you at? At a phone booth, I'm comin in the Coupe Beanie pull over, fool there they go Drive real slow so we can let them hoes know that G's even bust on L.A.P.D.'s Make 'em eat cheese, cause they don't wanna fuck with these And he don't wanna fuck wit these I got mo' flavor than a hoe with a dick and a stick of gum on her tongue, I get you sprung with the psycho-alpha-disco, my fist go in my pocket, grabbin on my pistol But I won't pull it out til it's time to spit Make the girls say, "Damn, niggaz can't have shit" Cause I see Satan, waitin in the cut for this black motherfucker, to bail out his hut And I don't give a mad-ass fuck about a sheriff who's tryin to tear-off a (??) My chinny chin chin hit him up with the right and then I bend bend got his ass in my sight My Chuck's hit the cement, then I bent the corner Yellin, "+Cop Killer+, and fuck Time-Warner" Got the wick-a-tick(??) niggaz say, damn he's so sweet Hypnotize yo' ass like that shit "Knee Deep" And you hate it, gang-affiliated Niggaz be bumpin, just a little somethin from that loc'ed out nigga that cater to the O.G.'s And let you know, that you don't wanna fuck wit these And you don't wanna fuck wit these And you don't wanna fuck wit these Rollin through the hood, when I see a bitch I hit the switch, she's on my dick Fresh t-shirt, thick like I hangs They say I got St. Ide's rushin through my veins from the CRASH units, all the way to Vice They claimin Ice Cube, ain't nuttin nice cause I keep hittin, fuck Bill Clinton No repentin, just representin I can walk through the park cause it's crazy after dark Keep my hand on my gun, cause I ain't the one Bang you're dead, brains out your head I wish I was the nigga that invented infrared Now I got it poppin but what's that odor? Smells like a hot pot of that bakin soda Cause I know nigs from A's to Z's slangin ki's Sayin you don't wanna fuck wit these Nigga please The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ N.O. Joe Johnson Album: Bootlegs & B-Sides Song: Lil Ass Gee (Eerie Gumbo Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Ass Gee] Hell naw nigga fuck this Nigga let me up out of here! Nigga y'all can't take me to jail anyway I don't even know why y'all got me gaffled Look, fuck that, when my big homies find out about this shit y'all gon' be workin in Alaska, so dress warm motherfucker [Ice Cube] Hahahaha, yeah "This type of shit it happens ev-ery-day" -> Slick Rick (2X) [Ice Cube] Look at that lil' ass Westside loc'ed out insane-in-the-brain little nigga servin 'caine Use to have to ask could he cross the street Now he's rollin in a G, the G is on E He's quick to hit you up with the two fingers spreaded (Wassup?) He'll roll that shit (Wassup?) and hold that shit (Wassup?) Now you know what fuckin set he's claimin A wild little nigga and it ain't no tamin And just when you think everything is calm that motherfucker is the first to bomb (like the) bang, ping, catch you with the sleeper He'll draw down, and then check his beeper (fool) He's clockin them chips and bucks Gettin, his little dick sucked by the, clucks (yeah) And will he do dirt? Fool oh please Little loc's are harder then the O.G.'s (that's right) You fall to the ground and then bleed Just got served by little niggaz on a 10-speed Twelve years old, got bumps they can't keep A straight killer, a fool, a lil' ass gee (a lil' ass gee) (a lil' ass gee) [Lil Ass Gee] 	Hey, you little niggaz need to get up out the spot man What, what nigga you think I'm a lil' punk or somethin? 	What you trippin for man? Nigga fuck yo' life! {*BLAM BLAM, BLAM*} Chorus: N.O. Joe Johnson When you run for yo' gun, just to save yo' life it's just a .. little ass gee When you hatin on these fools on these motherfuckin streets I'm just a .. little ass gee When I step up on yo' ass with the shank niggaz know it's just a .. little ass gee Just a young motherfuckin tryin to clock my grip I'm just a .. little ass gee [Ice Cube] God damn, it's a trip Use to have the G.I. Joe, with the kung-fu grip (yep) Now it's straight Crip, or Blood Now ya sag, you used the flood (mark) Now you're known as the baby Droopy (yeah) Goin to camp, and it ain't Camp Snoopy (Wassup?) But I ain't surprised It's 12 months later, yea, I see you got a little size You motherfuckin crook You want respect cause you didn't get'cha manhood took Drinkin that 'gac like it's no tomorr-y Westside hustler, fuck Atari Been to jail, and it ain't no thang Can't wait til you get 22's on the hang (nigga look) A underage boy that's smokin tye And that's your idea of junior high All you want for Christmas is guns and triggers Little nigga nuttier than a Snickers You don't wanna be like Mike, you wanna be like me A fool, a killer, a lil' ass gee (a lil' ass gee) (a lil' ass gee) "Crazy motherfucker from around the way" -> Cube (N.W.A.) Chorus [sampled interlude] We have people, that have been conditioned not to expect to live, beyond the age of 30 They no longer care Once they no longer care, they're extremely dangerous "I'm not afraid of bein shot  cause that's the environment I grew up in" [Ice Cube] See, I knew it wouldn't be long (tell 'em) They got yo' ass stretched like Stretch Armstrong in the one-man cell, it got'cha thinkin Sendin more kites than Benjamin Franklin Twenty years old but ya still a veteran Won't touch down til we're livin like the Jetsons Proud of yourself, because ya done done it Gotcha 22's and your name on your stomach Never even think about a woman to fuck Rather stand in line to bust the ass of a young buck (Who's next?) Got stuck, now you're bleedin Hospital ward, is got your reading Learn about the knowledge of self ya see Got ya mad enough to go and stick the deputy See, it ain't about bein hard (that's right) but that's whatcha tell the little homies on the yard Ya already done did ten and wish you could start all over again Brand new inmates, and who do ya see Your baby brother in shackles, a fool, a lil' ass gee (a lil' ass gee) (a lil' ass gee) A fool, a lil' ass gee Yo this go out to the little hardhead homies who probably gon' see more uhh, asshole.. than pussyhole when they get you in that system, and I ain't trippin Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ W.C. Album: Bootlegs and B-Sides Song: My Skin is My Sin * Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com * Originally appeared as a B-side to Cube's "Really Doe" single 	Motherfucker, you'd better break yourself... [Ice Cube] My skin is my sin, look at my complexion Section 8, erection great Balls like Ru Paul and a big fat plank Get you higher than a Spike Lee joint See I'm a chicken hawk and I'm hunting chicken and watermelon It ain't nothing but hard time bailing Just got a misdomener Cause I got a deuce-five, and I'm black as Sarafina Get the hell out Somolia, we didn't call y'all I can't wait till I can kill all y'all Fuck Reggie Denton and Jimmy (Johnny) Cochran Damn I couldn't get close enough to sock him I plead guilty your honor Cause I dissed the Pope more times than Sinead O'Connor Huh huh, cool, like Butthead and Beavis Truer than the Mack but I'm downer than he is And that police chief named Willie Can take his motherfucking ass back to Philly Dropped a bomb on a crew named "Move" Years ago, here's a hoe That's ready to stop me, they think I'm Khadafi Rolling in a six-tre jalopy They want to give me ten in the pen cause I'm smelling like Hen My skin is my sin 	My S-K-I-N is my S-I-N ("Burning our black skin") (Repeat 2x) [Ice Cube] I Get Around like Tupac, just bought a new glock And I want what you got So please give it up so I can live it up Just like the rich but I still eat grits I don't know karate But I can still beat the dog shit out of Nazis You claim you want to put in work Plotting to blow up a church See you devils are all the same You'll gun down a congregation in Jesus' name Using me as a scapegoat, well cracker don't sleep Far from a goat, more like a black sheep Lamb of God, and it's odd That Allah is a man that don't need a tan And you can't stand when I talk like that And why do black men have to walk like that? Cause we swing low like a chariot And now I got Harriet all on my dick Cause my shoe size is much bigger than a motherfucking 10 My skin is my sin 	My S-K-I-N is my S-I-N ("Burning our black skin") (Repeat 2x) [W.C.] Who's that janky-ass nigga with last? Standing like a G pissing on America's flag Dub C, the nigga from Westside Westide Maad Circle bailing with a double barrel Cause uh, my skin is my sin And all I need is knowledge of self and ammunition is my best friend When it's time to roll nigga, we ain't calling on Jesus I'm calling Mad Dog for the 9 millimeters Cause I give the song with those peckerwoods to the fullest And a bitch by the name of America's on it The same bitch that jacked my forefathers And the Indians took my motherfucking religion Place a holy Bible in my hand, but for what? Like Jim Kelly said, "You try to set me up?" Shit... I'm too slick for your lies in disguise When will you devils open your eyes and realize? Like Pepsi, niggas got a new generation And we don't want your American education Ain't no brain washing this way Fuck America, Tom Meztger, and KKK And to the cracker named J.B. Stoner Don't let me catch you on no corners I see you on TV talking more shit But just like your punk-ass anscestors, you's a bitch You's a bitch if I ever saw one Grand Wizard bring your ass on Imperial so we can get physical And watch God show and prove Not only mentally but physically the black man rules So run devil run, you's to best start running Because the niggas are coming, oh, the niggas are coming And ain't no way you gon' win Cause I come from a tribe of O.G.'s and my skin is my sin 	My S-K-I-N is my S-I-N ("Burning our black skin") (Repeat 2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Bootlegs & B-Sides Song: It Was a Good Day (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Smooth.. heh.. yep.. Heheheh.. remix.. Just waking up in the mornin gotta thank God I don't know but today seems kinda odd No barkin from the dogs, no smog And momma cooked a breakfast with no hog I got my grub on, but didn't pig out Finally got a call from a girl I wanna dig out Hooked it up for later as I hit the do' Thinkin will I live, another twenty-fo' I gotta go cause I got me a drop top And if I hit the switch, I can make the ass drop Had to stop, at a red light Lookin in my mirror and not a jacker in sight And everything is alright I got a beep from Kim, and she can do it all night Called up the homies and I'm askin y'all Which park, are y'all playin basketball? Get me on the court and I'm trouble Last week messed around and got a triple double Freakin brothers everyway like M.J. I can't believe, today was a good day That's right.. Creep to the pad and hit the showers Didn't even get no static from the cowards Cause just yesterday them fools tried to blast me Saw the police and they rolled right past me No flexin, didn't even look in a brother's direction as I ran the intersection Went to $hort Dog's house, they was watchin Yo! MTV Raps What's the haps on the craps? Shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em Roll 'em in a circle of homies and watch me break 'em with the seven, seven-eleven, seven-eleven Seven even back do' Lil' Joe Picked up the cash flow Then we played bones, and I'm yellin domino Plus nobody I know got killed in South Central L.A. Today was a good day Hehe.. Left my homie's house paid Picked up a girl been tryin to do since the twelve grade It's ironic, I had the brew she had the chronic The Lakers beat the Supersonics Felt on the big fat fanny Pulled out the jammy, and killed the punanny And my jimmy runs deep, so deep So deep put her butt to sleep Woke her up around one She didn't hesitate, to call Ice Cube the top gun Drove her to the pad and I'm coastin Took another sip of the potion hit the three-wheel motion I was glad everything had worked out Dropped her butt off and then chirped out Today was like one of those fly dreams Didn't even see a berry flashin those high beams No helicopter lookin for the murder  Two in the mornin got the Fatburger  Even saw the lights of the Goodyear Blimp And it read, "Ice Cube's a pimp" Drunk as hell but no throwin up  Half way home and my pager still blowin up Today I didn't even have to use my A.K. I gotta say it was a good day The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Bootlegs and B-Sides Song: U Ain't Gonna Take My Life * Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com * Originally appeared as a B-side to Cube's "Wicked" single Mr. Dirty Harry, you look really scary With your .357, officer Kevin Spent 11 years on the force trying to get mine Head got the flat top, boots got the spit shine Don't give a fuck about my neighborhood Just wanna do your eight hours, then hit the showers Shoot a brother down adn you don't send flowers Goddamn sherrif, can't wait to tarriff A chunk of a nigga ass, but watch a nigga blast And get away nigga fast You ain't gonna have me face down no more You ain't gonna have a chance to clown no more To the boys in blue, I got kids too Ain't going out like a jigaboo, no no no On my way to the store You see me in a Range Rover, now you gotta pull me over But where oh where is the ticket? You got your hand on your gun cause you're wicked You don't like the face of the original man But you gotta treat me like an individual man Talk right and I'll talk right back Show some goddamn respect to the black Cause I gotta get back to my wife But I'm sorry, you ain't gonna take my life Just because you got a badge Did you think Ice Cube was gonna wave the white flag? Cracker please, you can yell freeze I'd rather die standing up than die on my knees You think you can do anything you want to do To my crew when you come through, man fuck you Shooting up South Central Catch your ass slipping at a rent show Could have popped you off, one dead cop But I know you got a wife and a dog named Spot I show a little mercy cause I'm civilized Looking through a nigga's eyes at a much bigger prize But when I saw Rodney it got me so hot Made me wanna go out and pop me a cop Cause every time you see me sagging Here comes the Grand Dragon, in the motherfucking patty wagon Try to play me like a trick Sometimes you act like a dick, Mr. Nightstick Back then, I used to throw my Mack-10 But nowadays you got the black skin Back then you don't like the voice of a nigga named Ice But you ain't gonna take my life You man let's get an understanding I know that your job is demanding But I only got me one life to live You only got about six shots to give And I got a big AK with a 50-round clip So why should we trip? You ain't gonna punk me, so what you trying for? Ain't no job worth dying for, is it? Might pay a visit to Petey Wheatstraw When you stop me on the shore, officer of the law And if I did something wrong, you can lock me up Never never never gonna sock me up So next time you have the urge, all of the sudden To fuck with a nigga for nothing Think about me, a brother that's 23 I got a son and a J-O-B So before you pull your gun, you'd better think twice Pig, cause you ain't gonna take my life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Bootlegs & B-Sides Song: When I Get to Heaven (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] Microphone check, heh, yo Heh, yeah.. 	{They won't call me a nigga..} - 2X Listen to the preacher man, but are you talkin to me? I can't hear you with a mouth full of pig's feet Thy shouldn't eat the swine flesh Your body is a mess, but you're blessed with the father, son, spirit and the holy ghost But my whole neigborhood is comatose Lookin for survival The devil made you a slave and he gave you a bible 400 years of gettin our ass kicked by so-called Christians and Catholics But I'ma watch 'em burn in the fire See I'm a G, that's why I ain't in your choir Cause I see, cause I know The church ain't nuttin but a fashion show Get the devil do a one-eighty-seven and they won't, call me a nigga, when I get to heaven 	{They won't call me a nigga} 	{when I get to heaven} 	{No they won't! Haha no they won't, no they won't} You're waitin for the devil to come from the ground Clown, take a look around Just look at the cross that the priest is holdin A beast, in sheep's clothing But I'm rollin, with that knowledge of self Cause heaven, ain't just wealth So mister preacher, if I couldn't pay my tithe Do I have to wait outside? White man, please take another look Cause we couldn't be readin out the same book Cause you'se a crook and I'm a brother King James had sex with his mother Is that yo' edition? Is that your religion? Black man, you gotta make a desicion Cause God is comin on day number seven and they won't, call me a nigga, when I get to heaven 	{They won't call me a nigga} 	{when I get to heaven} 	{No they won't! Haha no they won't, no they won't} 	{They won't call me a nigga} 	{when I get to heaven} 	{No they won't! Haha no they won't, no they won't} The same white man that threw me in the slammer He bombed the church in Alabama So if I cock the hammer, God won't mind if I have to kill the human swine Cause God is a killer from the start Why you think, Noah had to build his Ark? And God is a man from his feet to his hair That's why you say 'amen' after each and every prayer I just stare at the church man Spendin mo' money on the church band But Elijah's got a plan Got the white man screamin - Damn that Farrakhan! Cause one day these babies'll uprise Much more than bow ties and bean pies Kickin knowledge at the 7-11 And they won't, call me a nigga, when I get to heaven 	{They won't call me a nigga} 	{when I get to heaven} 	{No they won't! Haha no they won't, no they won't} 	--> repeat all 8X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ George Clinton, Flavor Flav Album: Bootlegs & B-Sides Song: D'Voidofpopniggafiedmegamix Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Male Interviewer] Aiyyo, Ice Cube man Since you went solo, what's up with the rest of the crew? [Chorus: George Clinton] So High you can't get around it So low you can't get under it So High you can't get over it I can't get over it Nothin' can stop us now [Hook: Sir Jinx Scratching quotes below] Dirty mother, dirty mother -----> Ice Cube Make it rough    -----> Ice Cube Dirty mother, dirty mother -----> Ice Cube Dirty mother, dirty mother -----> Ice Cube Cause I'm steady mobbin' -----> Ice Cube Have you never sense the recite in my rhymes? Standin' on stage and I'm grabbin' my nuts -----> Ice Cube Steady mobbin' --------> Darryl Gates Have you never sense the recite in my rhymes? Standin' on stage and I'm grabbin' my nuts -----> Ice Cube There goes the Neighborhood ----------> George Clinton There goes the Neighborhood ----------> George Clinton There goes the Neighborhood ----------> George Clinton [Hook] I got a big old ding-a-ling, and if that bitch can hang See, I'm gonna do my thing, with your dauuuughter Givin' up the nappy dug out! -----> Ice Cube Said, I got a big old ding-a-ling, and if that bitch can hang Said, I'm gonna do my thing, with your dauuuughter Givin' up the nappy dug out! -----> Ice Cube [Girl] Daddy, where did he go? [Pop] I'll tell you where he went, goddamn it (*4 Gun Shots*) [Ice Cube] Give me that beat fool, it's a full time jack move Chilly Chill, yo, homie make the track move And I'll jack any Tom, Dick and Hank That's the name of the suckers I done ganked I get away from a copper Drop a dime, I'll break you off somethin' proper With the L-E-N-C-H-M-O-B, T-Bone and that's J.D. And here's how we'll greet you Stop!!! Here we go, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute Drop an Old School beat  [Ice Cube] Goddamn, I'm glad, goddamn, I'm glad  Goddamn, Goddamn, Goddamn, Goddamn, Goddamn Goddamn, I'm glad y'all set it off Used to be hard, now, you're just wet and soft First you was down with the A.K. And now I see you on a video with Michel'le Lookin' like straight bozos I saw it comin, that's why I went solo And kept on stompin'  When y'all motherfuckers moved straight outta Compton Damn, you're wicked, man!! [Hook: Sir Jinx Scratching quotes below] Now, you're gettin' done without vaseline ---> LL Cool J Now, you're gettin' done without vaseline ---> LL Cool J Now, you're gettin' done without vaseline ---> LL Cool J Damn, it feels good to see people.. on it ---> Biz Markie No Vaseline ---> Ice Cube [Ice Cube] Little boys and girls, they all love me Come sit on the lap of I-C-E And let me tell you a story or two About a punk-Ass-Nigga I knew Hickory dickory dock, it was twelve o'clock Cinderella ain't home must be givin' up the cock I don't doubt it, she is kind of freaky of course Had a fight with Snow White, she was fuckin' her dwarfs Saw a fight over colors, too Red Ridin' Hood, and Little Boy Blue A bad influence? - y'all I don't know But Ice Cube'll tell the kids how the story should go [Interlude: Little Russ] Yeah money, that's it, yeah money, that's it This is Little Russ in the house Rock that shit homey, rock that shit [Hook: Sir Jinx Scratching quotes below] Cops ain't shit to me ------> Ice Cube Fuck all y'all  ------> Ice Cube Cops ain't shit to me ------> Ice Cube Yeah, good that all them girls remember him, Ice fuck that [Ice Cube] Once upon a time in the projects y'all Yo, I damn near had to wreck a whore I knocked on the door (*Knock knock*) who is it? It's Ice cube came to pay a little visit to you Today I didn't even have to use my A.K. Yo, I gotta say it was a good day (*Gun shots*) Today I didn't even have to use my A.K. I gotta say it was a good day (*Gun shots*) Today I didn't even have to use my A.K. I gotta say it was a good day (*Gun shots*) Today I didn't even have to use my A.K. I gotta say it was a good day (*Gun shots*) Fucked up my night [Hook: Sir Jinx Scratching quotes below] Now, ask yourself, now, ask yourself ------> Ice Cube What did you say? -------> Prostitute Now, ask yourself, now, ask yourself ------> Ice Cube What did you say? -------> Prostitute Who's the mack? ---------------> Ice Cube Straight Gangster mack -------> Humpty Hump You know how we do it, yeah --> Ice Cube Straight Gangster mack -------> Humpty Hump You know how we do it -------> Ice Cube Straight Gangster mack -------> Humpty Hump You know how we do it -------> Ice Cube Straight Gangster mack --------> Humpty Hump You know how we do it -------> Ice Cube [Ice cube] Why, oh why must you swoop through the hood Like everybody from the hood, is up to no good? Why, oh why must you swoop through the hood Like everybody from the hood, is up to no good? (*Helicopter Propeller Turning*) Run from the ghetto bird Run, run, run, from the ghetto bird Run, run, run, from the ghetto bird Motherfuck you and your punk-ass ghetto bird (*Helicopter Propeller Turning*) [Outro: Flavor Flav] Stay off his dick..  (*Flavor Flav sprays Shots all around the place*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Bow Down   Song: World Domination (Intro) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com There is a threat in the world today! A threat to our living, a threat to our society And maybe even a threat to our vary existing And what is this threat? The WESTSIDE CONNECTION An organization made up of highly motivated, extremely aggressive gangsters turned businessmen with one single obective;  World Domination!! Or in their words;  "Creating a worldwide West-side" Vowing to make every man, woman and child bow down to the 'W' A hand sign used by their members to show affiliation We have confirmed reports, that W's have been appearing  on various monuments and historical Landmarks throughout the world There are also talks Of Mount Rushmore being renamed as Mount Westmore,  with America's forefathers being replaced by the WESTSIDE CONNECTION forefathers Ice Cube, WC and Mack 10  A.K.A. The Gangsta, The Killa, and The Dope Dealer When confronted with these allegations they released a statement saying...  Quote... "Bitch, you know the side, world motherfucking wide" unquote The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Bow Down   Song: Bow Down (ICE CUBE) Tha world is mine nigga get back Dont fuck with my stack the gage is racked About to drop the bomb Iam tha motherfuckin don Big fish in a small pond Now tha feds wanna throw the book at the crook but I shook they worm and they hook Guppies hold they breath they wanna miss me when Iam tipsey Runnin everything WEST of the Mississippi Its the unseen pullin strings wit my pinky ring We got your woman so pucker up FO we fuck her up Bow down before I make a phone call Got 25 niggaz runnin up on ya'll Fo the cheese we want them keys Everybody freeze on ya knees butt naked please Before any of you guppies get heart Nigga rewind my part and....(Bow Down) (MACK 10) I take ten steps and I draw Now who's dissin the mad ass Inglewood addition I bust like a pimple my mind is illmental The Westside connects with me and south central And a drag from tha zig zag cant fuck with the Philly's Holdin down tha wild west like a kid they  call Billy Once again it's Mack 10 the gold crown holda Strong as a Coca-Cola with a crome pistola Now who wanna fuss so I can buss when I cuss My look bring you fear with gear deom the Surplus Since a teen I chased tha green the crack scene king- Lolos Cornishes and Bagguetts on my peices So reconize these real G's take the cheese The WESTSIDE CONNECTION keep it rollin like gold D's Three Wheelin and Dealin is like tha California  style But in tha mean while in my town you got to BOW --Hook-- Bow Down when you come to my town Bow down when we west-ward bound cuz we aint no haters like you Bow Down to some nigga's that's greater than  you --End Hook-- (W.C.) Well it's that chuck wearin still sportin a beanie the shadiest nigga in the click who want to see me as I slide my locs on let my khakis hang WESTSIDE CONNECT gang bing bing bang run away run away or get yo punk ass sprayed by this H double O to D to the S.T.A fuck hidin it iam gang related simple and plain which means I culd give a fuck about you nigga's in the rap game Flashy nigga's get stuck up beat the fuck up when you come around keep your chain tucked from this zero zero's affiliated fuck a studio lyricist I'm real with this talk the talk walk the walk Dis me on WAX and Iam tryin to saw your whole fuckin head off nigga  I'm platium bond so bitch shut up punk all yahh Could kiss my converse like sh'o nuff.... --Hook-- (ICE CUBE)--Spoken (Yea lemme tell you sumthin) (gangsta's make the world go round) (you aint gotta clown) (But if you livin on tha WEST SIDE of yo town) (Make them other fool's BOW DOWN) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: WESTSIDE CONNECTION	 Album: Bow Down	 Song: Gangstas Make The World Go Round (ICE CUBE) Iam gettin dizzy as the world keeps spinnin like a frisbie Gangsta's and girls make the world twirl No hesitation I can run a nation from incarceration 30 years is what Im facin but give me 7 seas and 11 gees I make enough cheese to bring wall street to its knees Nigga please I got enough guns To fill the empire state building full of 1's Go to school is what you tell us But nigga's in school is scared of the Goodfellas We got the Yayo you can just say no But nobody makes a fuckin move untill I say so That's how it is and that's how it's gonna be Kids when you grow up who the fuck you wanna be? Like me ya black superhero Got enough zeros to hire Bob Shapiro Ya honor Im have to get rid of ya Because it aint no trivia about my house in WEST BOLIVIA Blew the jury a kiss they rather dismiss Them swim the big fish YOU fuckin guppies!!!!!!!! --Hook-- Gangsta's make the world go round --Hook-- (W.C.) Not just saggin waving my flag and never will I ease up nigga so stop askin see I was taught as a tiny loc on the set its all about the pussy & money fuck the rest nigga this tech is quicker to collect when Im seekin all the jewlery & the money so miss me with that preachin teaching fuck all that bullshit I want to slang yae like Noriaga sit back watch my paper collect like the I.R.S. as I kick it with 50 bitches all on my dick just like the president & like the police I want a gang of killers all on my side thats down to lie more crooked that St. Ides rip ride on my behalf as I call shots as if I was Saddaam Hussein jackin motha fuckas for Dana Danes hated by many bit I don't care because I rather be feared than loved with a pocket full  of dubs because Gangsta gangsta's make th eworld go round & if you want a peice then you best to be down so quit chastising me analzing me & like the escorts look over your sholder nigga its plain to see crooked ass cowards...................... --Hook-- Gangstas Make The World Go ROund --Hook-- (Mack 10)360 degrees like my D's the world be spinning Nigga's been sinning since the beginning Historys a trip so I peep when Iam reading Nigga's probaly grew weed in the garden of Eden Before big ballin sex cars and loot Its like bitches been scandolaus biting forbidden fruit But gangsta's dont deal with that shit, on the Westside And since they regulating hoes I roll with the Best side So check it as my lifetime is ticking Coming up strong licking and flipping chickens Need cheese in amounts of G's I gave up sports to slang Key's But blamed it on my Knees Make sure I got what I need to make your order Everything to baggies triple beams to jugs for my water like a snitch lifes a bitch a world full of drama Drug paraphernalia being found by my momma Trauma brings the sad song on your way to killa king nigga So now I stand with heat in my hand for my whole life span Cause evil lurks the land Plus I got a packet with this gang-bang jacket Gotta hold it keep it loaded devoted since quoted Fo sho One-0 got the ups on thses prankstas While the world keep twisting as a Westside  Gangsta FOE LIFE NIGGA --Hook-- Gangstas make the world go round --Hook-- The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Bow Down Song: All the Critics in New York Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au [Mack 10 talking] Goddamn! New York City! Skyscrapers and everything! [Ice Cube] Back in the day, we used to respect y'all niggas We used to be down with y'all niggas All you have for the West Coast, is criticism and disrespect So I say to you and your city y'all niggas will never get our respect again Westside nigga (Keeping it real) Yeah! (Keeping it real) [All] WESTSIIIIIDE! Is Brooklyn in the house?!? (Check it out) What about Queens in the house?!? (INGLEWOOOOD!!!) Manhattan in the house?!? (South Central) Long Island in the house?!? (Check it out) Is the Bronx in the house?!? (Waddup) Staten Island in the house?!? (Woop woop) The West Coast is in the house sayin why you talkin loud?!? What you talkin bout?!? [Ice Cube] Fuck all the critics in the N-Y-C Who wants to rock the microphone after me? Think of who you are and who you be My energy holds it down like the NFC I'm going thorough thru your borough wit my Raider jacket and my jheri curl, gangstas rule the world On the west, nevertheless, W-S We got the bomb and you niggas got the stress [Mack 10] You couldn't have said it no better homeboy With my automatic toy, I kill and destroy These buster ass critics from the N-Y-C Don't they know that I be from the I-N-G My peeps play for keeps, deep crews pay dues by murder ones and twos, rip riders and Damus  Choose to stay gangsta, you never ever ran us We bustin clips like bananas, sportin colored bandanas [WC} It's the Mister hoodsta, cap peeler Dusty ass New York critic killer Dumping and pumping the motherfuckin lead in their chest because ain't none of them niggas ever gave it up for the West So now it's on and, the gauge in my pants got me limpin Fuck U-N-I-T-Y, I'm coast trippin Saggin as a Pelle, smashin tape recorders This is 187 on a New York reporter "New York, New York" "New York, New York" "New York, New York" "New York, New York" [Ice Cube] Fuck all the critics in the N-Y-C tryin to get an East hip-hop monopoly But I've been writing gangsta shit since '83 when y'all was still scared to use profanity Now everybody wanna run and go and get triggers and blame it on these West Coast seven-figure niggas Just because we made it real niggas got to deal I hope blood ain't got to spill, I kill [Mack 10] It's like the battle of the sexes You wanna treat us like bitches cos we're platinum when we flex this With mic in hand, fans in the stands We make a mill-ion from California to Japan, bitch Went overseas, seen D's how we done it 88's to 100's to let me know who really run it This West Coast gangsta shit got it crackin, or we jackin Packin nina's and sellin out arenas, niggas [WC] You make me wanna holler, throw up both my Dubs And roll these niggas up, I got to beat em when I see me, T-Roller cut off his scrotum Leave em bleedin in particles for them biases articles I'm mashin and blastin so get the casket I bet you after this I get a fuckin hip-hop classic I'm banning you niggas from the scene Kickin over newstands, pouring gasoline on your magazines [Ice Cube] To the West my niggas, to the West To the West my niggas, to the West To the West my niggas, to the West We the best my niggas don't stress Fuck all the critics in the N-Y-C and your articles tryin to rate my LP Fuck your backpacks and your wack ass raps Sayin we ain't real because we make snaps Sellin 6-fo's to the dab, what you lookin at? With your Brooklyn hat and your pen and pad, nigga I got a pocket full of green busting at the seams Fuck your baggy jeans, fuck your magazines [Mack 10] Hey hey hey, what's happenin round tre? It's still M-Y critic K on mines all motherfuckin day It's a trip the script flipped from when you niggas was bossin Got to flossin, fell off, and got the nail in the coffin Who wanna regret, fuckin with my set I be a 24-year street Westside Connect vet You niggas better watch how you greet us when you meet us We packin heaters and the only way you beat us is cheat us [WC] AIIIIYO!!! Nigga fuck that shit I gotta, kill it kill it, fuck a New York critic He write about how I lived it, did it, plus I'm still with it Puttin it down on all these DJs, hate, fakin and flakin Never once played my record on their radio station No love for a New York critic or disc jock Matter of fact I'm blamin all y'all for fuckin up hip-hop [All] Is Brooklyn in the house?!? (Check it out) What about Queens in the house?!? (WESTSIIIIIIIDE!!!) Manhattan in the house?!? (And it don't stop) Long Island in the house?!? (YEAH! YEAH! Check it out) Is the Bronx in the house?!?  Staten Island in the house?!? (Say what say what??) The West Coast is in the house sayin (Yeah) why you talkin loud?!? What you talkin bout?!? [Ice Cube]			[Mack 10 talking over Ice Cube] Why talkin loud?!?		Yeah, take it how you wanna take it, punk What you talkin bout?!?		We're gonna make it how  *repeat 15x*			we gonna make it, punk WESTSIDE NIGGA!!!		What y'all niggas talkin about? 				Y'all ain't acquantin and barkin on hip-hop 				This Westside Connection 				WESTSIIIIDE!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Bow Down Song: Do You Like Criminals? (WC) Say hoe I got way more dick than them niggas rolling your lexos No punk ass Versace gear just the nigga with the triple 1 braids in his beard Quick to get the pussy dripping so quit tripping  Like you got a nigga resembling Donnie Simpson Hoe I'm from the wild wild west fuck them preppy niggas You need to get with this malt Liqour sipper picture me simpin over ya never How ya figure I'll be crying over yo ass like a  Baby face nigga bitch you better be glad I got 3 strikes because back in '85  I'd been done gave your ass a black eye See I been waving at your ass all week but all You do is roll your eyes like your shit don't stink So now it's time for a nigga clown your ass Because i can tell from the tattoos you's a high class hood rat Don't want to fuck with niggas in khakis But hoe i bet for the dough  You quick to jack that ass like a 4 So quit fronting on a nigga and lick these and bitch hit the road with your fucked up weave....... (Ice Cube) How would you like to get a nigga rugged and raw Outlaw rollin' down the shaw Don't you want a mothafucka that's hard Or a bitch-made cute as El Debarge? Do you like negros? Him and those? Individuals called criminals? How'd you figure a West Coast nigga Drinking liquor got to know how to dig you When we dated straight fade it Penetrated, Ms. sasfisacated No daddy hate it Never met a nigga quite as fly as me All bottled up in your high society You want to chech my mental Cause how could a nigga from South Central rollin' in a Benzo Spice in ya life is what you need you intreigued by the smell of my weed I represent reality in your world full of lies And i can see it in your eyes You worried sick and I'm chillin' (Westside) Tell your family to fuck off and roll with this villian (chorus) Do you like negros, him and those, individuals called criminals?(2x) (Mack 10) Who wanna fuck wit it I put it down for real tho It's Mack 10 and let you niggas know I'm gun ho Baby i guess maybe i can get with your program With hunnit spode tonas on my front and back Broham hit a lick or two make your whole life a thriller  Make you wanna shake the nerd and come ride with a killa Hot as sauce out the floss no need to be discreet I swing the fuck out this bitch til my bumper touch the street On switches and I'm workin jerkin hot ya nigga smirkin Jack the ass up and down til my back wheels is chirpin You need to be with me bitch you too fucking bombay To be on the Shaw with a nigga with a Hyundai  I take you through my neighborgood raise where crime pays No girbauds no fades just cacky's and French braids And my friends is niggas that know what ends is In high-top Chucks pushin V-12 Benz' With hoochy hoes groopy hoes  You know those with a gang of money lolo' and penitintiary fo do's So shake him now no need of waitin of debatin Slam the door on them five stars and hop on these Daytons (K-Dee) Dee, dee, dee, daddi, daddi, dee, dee, daddi day I come from the crew I thought you knew we don't play I see your frowning but I'm clownin' anyway Can't nobody fade K-Dee baby, baby I know you're Catholic  But can you have you have dick up in them guts all the way to These nuts Your a rich girl far from skeezer I'm playing at the mall with your Visa You wanna swang with K-Swinger (When the West is in the houseoh my God! danger) But take a hit you'll live But when you hit it hoe you got to puff, puff give Now i see you giggling But all I wanna see is ass wiggling and titties jiggling So what you wanna do? Don't go chasing waterfalls Stick to them dicks and balls your use to Go ahead and take a big lick Cause girls look so good on the end of My dick That right is it tight?  I know you ain't a dike What type of nigga do you like? Bitch!  (chorus) (chorus II) Bitch I'm from the wild, wild west Can't you tell buy the "S" on my chest We got hoes for days  Plus we claiming no stress no mothafuckin' dress (chorus) (chorus II) Do you like criminals? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection	 Album: Bow Down Song: Gangstas Don't Dance (Insert) [Mack 10] Gangstas don't dance, we boogie niggas go out and get your cookies Gangstas don't dance we boogie stay the fuck away from the rookies The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Bow Down Song: The Gangsta, the Killa, and the Dope Deala Typed by: suitser@hotmail.com (Intro: Ice Cube) Hey, living in a California cage--ya'll trying to study me Gangbangin' a never die--it's too much love You always gonna get niggas like us, you know what I mean God damn--how many more motherfuckin' penatentaries ya'll gonna build How many jars you gonna try to put us in You know what I'm saying Killa county is a state, murda (*repeat 4X*) (Ice Cube) Can't none of ya'll niggas fuck with none of these niggas These triggas we's killas[hahaha] Sittin' on the porch in between legs Wit a bitch French braiding my head Leave 'em til they matted forearm tatted What's the Connection bitch you looking at it It don't stop I hit mo' licks than it Takes to get to the center [once, two, three]of a blow pop And it's gonna take a miracle To drive a car this color down Imperial Yeah, I got heart but ain't trying to see Marcia Clark [Punk ass nigga] So let's wait till it get dark So many foe's walk in my ??? It's like the international, house of pancakes All on the grass, every bitch passed A first not last, when we all hit the ass Doin' tricks jacked up like a six[what] One Pussy, and thirteen dicks Gangsta's don't dance we boogie[ahhh] Niggas run out and get ya cookie [Westside] Killa county is a state, murda (*repeat 4X*) (W.C.) Who's that dumpin' out that window hoo riding[westsiide] nobody survives when I got my steel up Throwing my shit up pulling the trigga What the fuck you lookin' at nigga[whistle] True blue when I bust Leavin' bodies hangin' like the tongue of my chucks Chalk another one, homicidal in the G ride I swear I'm killing every nigga standing outside letting 'em have it With my double barrel sawed off I'm smoking everybody nigga bitches and all Stretch 'em out in broad daylight muthafuck the witnesses eyes big as golf balls from the funny cigarette[haha] as the sun frowns on my forehead I sweat murder which makes me a walking dead man man bringing more bad news than shlepp rock when I bust shots W.C. keep the hammer cocked The gangsta, the killa, and the dope deala (*repeat 4X*) (Mack 10) What's crackin Well, it's the nigga that's housin' the scene I got pounds of green and birds sittin' on the triple beams I put it down on and off the record my flats a double decker, marble floors all checkered Now what can I say every bitch I lay be pure and bombay like Peruvian yae So I brag and I boast man I got the most, man I make more deliveries than the postman My homie Carlito plug me with the amigos an now it's kilos five and six double zeros Now what's next I'm stuck like a Kotex blindin' niggas with the buggas in my Rolex With my aces o-t on a regular basis we got pauveted faces fightin' federal cases cause ain't nothin' reala' than niggas gettin' they scrilla like a gangsta, a killa But Mack I'll be the dope deala Killa county is a state, murda (*repeat 4X*) The gangsta the killa and the dope deala[murda] (*repeat 8X*) Damn it's a trip, all these cameras goin up I cant go here, I can't go there I feel institutionalized And i'm on the street The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Bow Down Song: Cross 'Em Out and Put a 'K Typed by: HiAugi@aol.com INTRO:(ICE CUBE) Brrrgh! Ai!Ai! In about four seconds,a gangsta will begin to speak VERSE ONE:(MACK 10,ICE CUBE,WC) Well it's the mad chickenhawk with the dirty lick style And pullin 211's ever since TAA-DOOW There's ten million ways to die Choosin Mack and hit the boopin floosin Off this gang-bang music So all I'd wanna got the room stumped I'm smokin,make dough like Trump Cookin ??? to they chunk,punk! Straight off dust,nigga trust I bust And cross em out and put a'K if they ain't down with us It's off the hook,nigga,I'm a Westside crook,nigga The forty motherfuckin dollars on my books,nigga I'm not an MC,I'm not a G I mean I'm A-to fuckin-Z and everything in between Rappers like gangbangin cos I'm in it to the fullest And my hood ain't never dodgin bullets It's all about the Bloods and Crips,no one tri-ips Colours and dips,bitches and chips,nigga! Woo-ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo What's this my ??? low-grader system That takes puff B-I-itches on the premises Nigga be dissin on a down low So now my motto's:"Fuck every rapper from the East and the West Coast" New School,Old School,I hate you motherfuckers I'm steady plottin,cracklin my ass wit'cha album covers Cross em out and put a'K Then no Saint days,nigga,then run the fuckin holidays *Chorus [3x]: Ice Cube, Mack 10, WC* 'Ey! I Cross 'Em Out and Put a 'K! Inglewoooood! Nigga! To South Central L.A.! VERSE 2:(MACK 10,ICE CUBE,WC) Goddamn nigga!This shit make me sick All these West Coast cowards ridin New York beat(Brrgh!) Busters get sprayed wearin high-top fades And Cango's backwards with dark-ass shades No switchblades,nigga,we shoots That's how it is on the West when you're true to your roots So kill the action,punk,hootchie bitches clown Nigga get your sag on and keep your pants legs down Check it!Ho shut your mouth and get naked! I'm Connected and ain't no bitches singin on this record No R&B tracks,just niggas on wax Kickin facts with these gang-bang raps Every nigga in the industry wanna rap with me Like it's all good,you ain't from my hood Nigga,I don't even like your shit,I don't like your form I'm true,your through,nigga FUCK you! Nigga get off,this shit is wacked Fuck that,I bust you in the can with a motherfuckin propajack Spit on ya,shit on ya when I get on your pissil You're goin up and your fuckin cos I ain't lovin none of ya And even the female rappers are gettin smacked Stabbed in the titties and kicked in the back Cos I'm a westside Connection hista Bored from a lover dishin nothin but (?foolers?) and dirty rubbers CHORUS INTERLUDE:(ICE CUBE) Brrrgh! In about four seconds,a killa will begin to speak VERSE THREE:(MACK 10,ICE CUBE,WC) Now you can cross out the busters and snitches B-Real and Miss Muggs is like Hollywood bitches From the niggas I know in the streets I run through Swear to god bitch,real it ain't one dog and no(body) So watch what you say,who ya talkin bout,ya tweakin And keep hogs out'cha mouth when ya bitch ass is speakin I'm sick wit it,cappin'cha dome till I hit it This Westside Connection,Cypress know they can't fuck with it Use to get kisses and hugs,now I'm servin ya slugs Fuck B-Real and Muggs,y'all niggas ain't no fuckin thugs Be all surprised,everybody dies From Columbian neckties covered with fright Ya fuckin maggots,ya fuckin faggots I shoulda hurt you,every motherfucker that I know wanna hurt you So when I pull my spray-can to spray I'm sprayin C-H-K all motherfuckin day I once knew this bitch by the name of Q-Tip Who claim he had a problem with this gangsta shit Behind closed doors,runnin his mouth like a trick-in Till this nigga bout the name of Dove caught him slippin Tied his ass up and threw him in the truck Put an apple in his mouth and dug his ass out I ??? ??? lead him then down his body stashed In a trash bag with a cue-cover in his ass CHORUS OUTRO:(ICE CUBE) Don't go chasin waterfalls Stick to them dicks and balls you're used to Punk ass motherfuckers! Brrrrgh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Bow Down Song: King of the Hill Typed by: puto4life@hotmail.com [Ice Cube] Oh Yeah, It ain't over motherfuckers... Niggas don't understand... Every few years, Niggas got to get their motherfucking caps peeled back... Nigga this is Westside nigga...dont think, nigga DONT THINK! Now, next motherfuckers...go by the name of Cypress Hill K all motherfucking day [Ice Cube] Every few years niggas think they can deal with the real Now I gots to fuck Cypress Hill I got a voice you should fear! I drink a beer bust a rap and end your fucking career You fuckin cowards Never seen a hood high powered Like the Westside Connect Slide me my tech I Got'em Soon as I spot'em I'm dumpin Gots to treat these bitch ass niggas like they stole something I see a joint in your clutch You're smokin that shit too much Got your bitch ass touched Sen Dogg you can't rap from the guts And B-Real sounding like he got baby nuts I don't know why y'all think y'all slick I don't know what rapper down wit your click I don't know one bitch on your dick And I don't know one nigga pumping your shit I hear you claiming South Central wait... You ain't from my hood! Y'all hoes from South Gate Coming with a voice high pitched The "B" in B-Real must stand for Bitch [Mack 10] We'll its the Hip-Hop junkie startin static Now I'm rolling up Cypress Hill letting niggas have it Got these wannabe thugs up Load my slugs up Hey yo back up Cube Dogg we passed that bitch Muggs up Pull over and let me out this show no sight And let me show this White Boy What that Westside Connect like Boo Ya Boo Ya! from tha gauge as I spit them Tha buck shots spray and made them lay as I hit'em (Uhhh) Ain't got the Swedish punks ass no mo' 1 down and 2 to go Hand me a Fo' Fo' Let me get my ride on Get my homicide on B-Real wish he could be me 'cause he know he can't see me (Biiiiiitch!) You should have known you can't fade a real hog Bringin Inglewood small Cause I'm a real dogg You bustas wanna see me but you bustas can't come close Because I'm ACE homies with Americas Most Nigga miss me I'm used to a hoe trying to kiss me Now what gave your bitch ass enough heart to diss me? You'll come up missing And Sen Dogg is so wacked he ain't even worth dissin (hahaha) You niggas need to listen On everything I love my heat can't release a dub Fuck rappin fuck strapping I'll create another bloody glove Its 1 - 0 and For sho' I'll kill You pussies can't match my skill Cause I'm the King Of The Hill! [Ice Cube] Everybody in the Ghetto, know what you're doing 1 white boy and 2 fucking Cubans Claiming that you're Loco But you ain't Mexican Listen to "No Vaseline" Before you flex again Fucking with tha hoggs You say you bloods But you ain't nothing but a Dogg fool On tour only rapping to tha yuppies We the Big Fish that'll make a dish out you fucking guppies So who y'all with? Niggaz down with Cypress can wipe this shit off my dick Has I stick it like King Kong And play Ping Pong With this fake ass Cheech and Chong Did you tell ya Momma that I had to help ya When Sen Dogg left your bitch ass in Australia You say that I took your hook? It must be the White Boy thinking all niggaz crooks Now What? You hip-hop Hippies How you fucking junkies Think you Gonna Punk Me? And chill And Deal with tha fact that you ain't got enough skill To kill The King Of The Hill (Mack10) Ice Cube could you pass me my steel? [Ice Cube] For real! (Mack10) I'm the king of the Hill! [Ice Cube] Mack10 could you pass me my steel? (Mack10) For real! [Ice Cube] I'm the King of the Hill! (Mack10) Ice Cube could you pass me my steel? [Ice Cube] For real! (Mack10) I'm the king of the Hill! [Ice Cube] Westside could you pass me my steel? (Mack10) For real! [Ice Cube] I'm the King of the Hill! "I'm havin Illusions" [Ice Cube] A Westside niggas whooping on your motherfuckin ass That's what you got illusions of... BITCH! (Mack10) Yeah nigga youse a bitch Dogg we aint got no niggas like you on my side Nigga this is Inglewood Westside Yeeeeeah [Ice Cube] Check it out... We're waiting for round 2 you punk ass mothefuckers and anybody else that wanna get some Stand in line But bring a lunch mothefuckers... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Bow Down Song: 3 Time Felons Intro, Ice Cube: What would you do If I punked your whole crew? Would you run like a bitch from me? Niggaz don't test  Cause we come from the west Yes the W-S to the C Westside! Westside niggaz Fuck everybody that used to be down That ain't down no mo Y'all niggaz ain't from the best side Y'all don't know how we puts it down Trick ass motherfuckers Verse 1, Ice Cube: Let's make it happen, nigga, fuck rappin I'm bellin With three time felons, nigga, who you tellin? Doug Lou Ellen that a fool sellin Thirty-six ounces what that amounts is A whole chicken finger licken is the rumor Catch a tumor you say I'm dickin my consumer Suede Puma's as I walk down Florence With warrants that don't go to court in Torrance Tonight I'm buzzin thought I wasn't Mack 10 and W.C. is like my blood cousins Eleven strikes from armed robbery to stolen bikes A nigga likes your motherfuckin Nikes I shift gears when I see tears Fuck a record, fuck a movie I rack my uzi On boosy niggaz that pretend to be friend to me We the dopest niggaz on Hennessy in the industry I did a lick well I'm in a thick cell Gold teeth, two motors and pig tails And when I hear Westside Connection I get the fuckin erection Chorus, W.C.: So, fuck what you saying, fuck who you tellin I'm only bellin with some three time felons Nya, fuck what you saying, fuck who you tellin I'm only bellin with some three time felons Bridge: Rollin till the wheels fall off A nigga rollin till the wheels fall off Westside rollin till the wheels fall off A nigga rollin till the wheels fall off Verse 2, Mack 10: I gots to handle mines So I grinds Real O.G. parolle Throw the woop on the quarter key Ain't been out but a minute Nigga, in it, to win it Cause a five year joke leave yo stack dented Got my pockets back swollen  Motorola holdin A nigga got the whole hood rollin BG's get you what you want when you need it I got them little niggaz all posted up and heated Hogs put it down nothing less than a fat knot Niggaz callin Mack's spot Jackpot, the crack spot Got the double up bomb can't wait So wont you bounce rock skate To where the cluckers hibernate Where we livin like stars switchin cars like they leases Servin ten pieces to your aunties and nieces While the loot keep me blasted from Inglewood to Venus Tatted Westside Connection on my back in Old English So, nigga, what you wanna bet on a set full of vet lick hitters And, ain't a crew that can get with us It's west coast, the most, I be yellin Nigga, Mack 10 bellin as a three time felon Chorus, Ice Cube: Fuck what you sayin, and fuck who you tellin I'm only bellin with some three time felons Fool, fuck what you sayin, and fuck who you tellin I'm only bellin with some three time felons Bridge Verse 3, W.C.: Let it rain, let it drip Niggaz are best to duck when I'm unleashing these clips Thoughts of manslaughter got my finger on the trigger Fuck a peace treaty, it's on with all you niggaz Cause ain't no contaning me when I'm ringing these motherfuckin heaters Causing tragedy Tearing off your whole chest cavity Mobbing through the neighborhood, nigga, twenty inch bollters Fresh house, shoes, hair, rollers Lenny wanna kill me cause I got 'em all scared of this Cutthroat janky enviromental terrorist Stickering my tapes hoping that they can silence me Cause I'm a nigga that's yellin fuck society But ain't no stopping this westside click So, tell that bitch Delores Tucker to suck a niggaz dick Cause I'm punking mo niggaz than Deebo Illegal sipping Seagrams straight smoking on a Primo Chorus, Mack 10: Nigga, fuck what you sayin, fuck who you tellin I'm only bellin with some three time felons Fuck what your sayin, and fuck who your tellin I'm only bellin with some three time felons Bridge Outro, W.C, Ice Cube: West coast till the casket drop Rollin till the wheels fall off West coast till the casket drop Rollin till the wheels fall off West coast till the casket drop Rollin till the wheels fall off West coast till the casket drop Westside, rollin till the wheels fall off Yeah, time is runnin out niggaros and nigga hoes All W's must be true Inspected by the Westside Connect Gang WSCG Bonafied and worldwide When you see Ice Cube throw up the W! When you see Mack 10 throw up the W! When you see W.C. throw up the W! When you see Crazy Tunes throw up the W! When you see K-Dee throw up the W! When you see The Comrades throw up the W! All Frum Tha I throw up the W! Westside till I die, what you thinkin of? And y'all bitches can throw it up to The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection	 Album: Bow Down Song: Westward Ho [Ice Cube] Check it hoe shut your mouth and get naked I'm connected plus I'm makin' hit records So, if you wanna win hop in and take a spin That's W.C. and Mack 10 What's your name girlfriend You can have some fun wit us lay in the sun wit us Pack a gun wit us and make a run wit us To these illegal amigos who wanna buy bald eagles out my regals we shoppin' at Spiegels So what you wanna do  Decision, decisions And what you think about dick and pussy collisions You're a irrisistable bitch and all that Me I'm rich as fuck plus I smell like yack so come on Chorus, Repeat 2X: Irristable bitch let's go Where we goin' Westward ho [Mack 10:] A nigga gots to get chose it's a house full of hoes I suppose at least one of those want Mister flossy with the kilos You know it's quick fast shit it's all about the cash Pauveted Rolex' and Benz' in the S class Don't get it twisted nigga you know the word Cube got the herb and I don't fuck with nothin' less than a bird I make yo whole crew scatter what ya say don't matter cause nigga you's a punk so tell yo bitch I need to holler at her I take fo shows hop in my Benzo I stomp my Chuck to the flo as I head Westward with yo ho It's Mack 1-0 so fuck what she say I put it down the G way I'm gettin' head on the freeway. Chorus [W.C.] Hoe you need some dick in yo life dick in yo life like Jodeci I'm fienning to fuck you 'til your bleeding you need to be rolling with this cap peela, fuck that sucka for love lolly pop toe lickin' ass nigga See you say you want a real G so why don't you play like Jayo Felony and bitch take a ride with me because I can use a ho like you a bitch down to blast and help me twist this mutha fucking plastic because you're a true bitch from the westside About five-ten, two-twenty with scars on your thighs And that's they type of hoe I want down with me so bitch get your ass in and let's rob the whole city [Ice Cube:] Did I mention I think about you when I'm benchin' and running my trigger finger all through your extensions It's intense dreamin' of a black picket fence His and her nine's teach you how to rhyme on the mic You Tina I'm Ike Know you ain't a dike cause you seem to like the way I lay pipe Keep it tight let's put this mattress to the test Yes, I must confess, I got some prior arrest Fa show ya know we're goin' westward hoe  can you handle half a chicken in the door panel We at the mo' with a four-O and a joint We got high, fucked around  and missed the drop off point Chorus [Mack 10:] I put it down all around Westbound is where I'm headed Since I keep my heat leaded if you trip you get wetted We be huffing like hogs nigga who can see my crew No better yet me and you nigga what you wanna do, fool Cause all I do is wreck from the hip I teck and when I come from the shoulders I straight Westside Connect I got chickens by the flock I got the block on lock Around the clock I sell rock so ain't a bitch I can't knock So handcuff your trick if she's a good lookin' ho cause dog I run with niggas that the Fed's is lookin' fo' They wanna get us because our pockets is the fattest And bitches be jockin' us because we got the baller status [W.C.] I want a janky bitch, a janky bitch, a bitch straight down penitentiary bound with the qualifications of a hoe like you C-sections tattoos stretch marks and bullet wounds A rough bitch in a beanie the type of bitch that's down to do a drive by on my enemies like Mary J. you're all I need  when I'm in jail the kind of hoe that's down to keester me weed Fantasies of you and me I keep  Having 'em at the park smoking on a hump sharing a tall can of Magnum fucking in the back of the coup let's get it cracking So pass the stick and tell me hoe what's happening Chorus This West Coast gangsta' shit got it crackin' We all mackin' so baby how you actin' This West Coast gangsta' shit got it crackin' We all mackin' so baby how you actin' Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Bow Down   Song: The Pledge (Insert) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Westside Connection] I pledge allegiance to the rag  of United Westside Connection And to the 'W' for which it stands One neighborhood, under God, Invincible With luxuries and richies for all!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection f /K-Dee, Tha Comrades, AllFrumThaI Album: Bow Down Song: Hoo-Bangin' (WSCG Style) [Intro:] [Ice Cube] (Westsiiiiide!) Hoo-Bangin' on the transformers  These trick-ass niggas quick to tuck they tail But fuck that... you know how we git... (Can't get enough of this gangsta shit!) [Ice Cube] It's the don go let'em know Unwettable, ahh.. big fish incredible Hoo-Bangin' on the white collars got a pile of dollars Still rollin' Impalas I'm bombin' on Common Sense Chicago is mine nigga hit the fence Intense kingpin nigga worldwide And I bring sin when I wanna hoo-ride Who died and who applied the pressure Show me 3 niggas that's fresher Westside Connect Gang oh yeah we talkin' shit Nigga do you know who you fuckin' wit? [Ice Cube] Ice Cube is the lick Westside is the click (Can't get enough of this gangsta shit!)[2X] [Mack 10] It's Mack 10 fool that nigga with heaters Gauges revolvers techs and millimeters You know how we hoo-ride when we collide Niggas run but they can't hide Cause its world wide (Inglewooooooooooood!!) I'm jackin' and lickin niggas thats straight trippin' Square ass niggas can't tell a ounce from a chicken I fill you full of lead and I take you Big heads So nigga watch how ya talkin' I'm still chicken hawkin So hit the deck punk don't move my tech is bigger And you'll be dead if I pull this trigger So where the safe at I want the loot and the cavey Yo money or yo life so punk act like you savey [Ice Cube] Mack 10 is the lick Westside is the click (Can't get enough of this gangsta shit!)[2X] [WC] Allie Allie All come free bending the corner blowed with a pocket full of weed serving all enemies fuck your whole set this is the Westside Connect I'm stealing to the neck nigga where y'all from where y'all from better be the same that I'm claiming muthafuck explainin' I'm swinging dropping these thangs drinking gin out the bottle steadily hoo slangin' out the blue Monte Carlo spitting hollows out my roscoe in packs as I blast getting my stalk on walk-on nigga waving my flag skip skip I'm from that do low double-O hoodsta ride Sack jacking purse snatching hoo-banging till I die [Ice Cube] Dub-C is the lick Westside is the click (Can't get enough of this gangsta shit!)[2X] [K-Dee] Bullshit after bullshit what is this? Got to let these mothafuckas know we mean business Cock the hammer back and all smiles turn to frowns Bow down before you realize you out of bounds Connect subject to do ya who ya Think you fuckin' wit don't let that smooth shit fool ya Gots no love for you your crew we bring trouble too Steal you bitch and have her throwing up the "W" [Ice Cube] K-Dee is the lick Westside is the click (Can't get enough of this gangsta shit!)[2X] [Tha Comrades] Now we duck tapin ankles and wrists Following home niggas bitches layin in The cut in chucks an ski masks pistol whip they ass till they open up the safe in Calabasas Ashes to ashes dust to dust nigga kick in yo assets all yo doe an yo baguettes Befoe I have to go to torturin' robberies been the thang since paroled out of Corcoran [Ice Cube] Tha Comrades is the lick Westside is the click (Can't get enough of this gangsta shit!) [AllFrumTha I] Guess who just stepped out the smog It's the Westside Connection mixed wit rips an Dogs All you mutha fuckas is talkin tuff Mad at my homies 'cause they platinum plus Since I'm the gate keeper  fuck yo street sweeper  all my homies is hand wit they heaters  you better tighten up yo bullet-proof vest  you niggas can't fuck wit the Wild wild west [Outro:] [Ice Cube] AllFrumTha I is the lick Westside is the click (Can't get enough of this gangsta shit!) Connect Gang is the lick Westside is the click (Can't get enough of this gangsta shit!)  Incredible, ahh.. Dub-S-C-G Sendin' love to the penetentiry We hoo-bang, and we hoo-ride Always represent the worldwide Westside (Westsii-iide!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: War & Peace Vol. 1 Song: Ask About Me Typed by: flint@webster.sk.ca [hook] [Mr. Short Khop, (Ice Cube)] I check it in on the West Coast (Ask about me) I check it in in the Dirty South (a-yeay) I check it in in the Mid-West (hustle, man) I check it in on the East Coast (The Hustle Gang) (Look at me) (Don Matta') (Poppa Don) [Ice Cube] Check my blood pressure, they think they fresher than the Don Prescription pills to keep me calm, Nigga, I'm da bomb! In the black Testerosa, Sippin' on Mimosa, A bleedin' ?nosa? I'm in the West, we ain't got the ?nego? Give me Sicko kilos from Puerto Rico When I okay it, So much cheese, you got to weigh it Never thought these niggaz was the feds "Freeze" was the sound I started lettin' off rounds, lay the whole fuckin' room down I don't wanna see Your Honor,  Ratha eat pirhana from Benny Hana, Smokin' marijuana in my sauna, I done hade it with these attics and faggots, They them rattic causin' static, bring me my A-U-T-O-matic, oh niggaz wanna se how we ride Bitch, you know the muthafuckin' side, world muthafuckin' wide. Make yo' hustle official, And them niggaz that's wit' you, gotta push tha issue, on the fools that dis you, whether pump or pistol, when it's up in yo' gristle, hand yo' mama a tissue, If I decide to kiss you. *hook* (replace "a-yeay" with "Ask about me") Can you dig her? It's the bigger, seven-figure, super nigga Wit' the triggas at yo' dome,  we like to roam, Through yo' muthafuckin' home like a comb and find the money that's gone And we'll take you, shake you, break you, take two, play you on wit' the chrome, nigga shoot! Execute, they try to electrocute I got too much loot Ya say I'm on yo' hit list, You niggaz miss, tryin' to turn my muthafuckin' cheese into Swiss Rappers make bucks and I can hear it, hard to fear it, 'Cuz I know you grew up on my lyrics It's the boss player, never lost hair over assholes, blast holes in you muthafuckin' tadpoles Like a bullfrog, nigga I'm a bullhog, guppies get worked like puppies by the bulldog Where millions never gave a fuck about Sicilians, or killas on T.V. can see, we got the real ones So check yo' muthafuckin CD-Rom and your World Wide Web, dot com, It's the Don Mega! *chorus* *hook* [Mr. Short Khop, (Ice Cube)] What cha call it? (The Hustle Gang) x3 What cha call it? (Hustle, man) [Ice Cube] Ask About me x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Mr. Short KHOP Album: War Song: Pushin' Weight Typed by: m_a_2@hotmail.com [Ice Cube] Yeah, yeah Blaze one for the nation Brrrrr Brrrrr Brrrrr Verse 1: Ice Cube I got lyrics that wake up spirits They told me how to make big hits and spend digits Can you dig it? You fed, you dead, see red My lead, yo head, I fed Like you shit I got rhymes push that shit like weight My nigga Lincoln help me navigate Thru this hate retaliate, it's official I got that bomb, bomb, diddy, diddy, diddy, bomb, bomb When I hit you Push the issue My ghetto dope is amazin The bitch that's with you already know that I'm blazin That's by the number, we can slumber, on the under Girl no wonder, you got a ass full of thunder The frozen Tundra ain't cold enough And baby ain't old enough For this game I'm rollin up De-zamn it feels good to be the don Straight legit, while niggas like Gotti just sit Chorus: Ice Cube A yeah yeah I push rhymes like weight I push rhymes like weight (4X) Verse 2: Ice Cube I hold zone like a Corleone No more fuckin with that homegrown Hit the shit we on The rolleo's and the baggetts You still fuckin with them faggets We turn haters into maggets Oak on the dash, but no coke on the hash You broke ass niggas learn to mash, like me Constantly, put the hustle down With four or five niggas that's musclebound Send your head to the taxidermist Won't be satisfied, till I get my face on a thermos You got to earn this, you can't take it Can't fake it, got to live it, or we gots to visit Who is it, the exquisite, Don Mega Walkin with my entourage, I think I'm betta, makin chedda You see me sag in my Jag, with the rag recognize the flag You betta get back, everybody wanna do it like me I got it made, been makin rap money since the tenth grade (Ch-ching) (since the tenth grade) (Ch-ching) (What you need) Chorus Verse 3: Mr. Short Khop I keeps a firm grip on my shit when in transit Uncandid, it's the young bandit Fresh out the trenches, the wood works City of the ?Tempeon?, where the hoods lurk In search of the rich blocks, to lick spots, and kick rocks >From shattered glass, down the pig locks Want tips by the clock You niggas scramblin for fouyan And settle for crumbs and croutans I'm out for armored bucks and armored trucks, with armed killas Bitch niggas get swallowed by the armadillos Ain't no harmin me, the army full honary niggas you can't see So while you pace bitches and saturns livin jenky I hangs with niggas who got patterns on they hankey After Ben Frankeys, with the big skullen eyes You niggas bound and nullified Sit back and mine stack it multiply Chorus: Ice Cube and Mr. Short Khop [IC]A yeah yeah [MSK]I push rhymes like weight [MSK]I push rhymes like weight (2X) [IC]A yeah yeah [IC]I push rhymes like weight [IC]I push rhymes like weight (2X) [Ice Cube] (starts during chorus) Ask about me Worldwide baby Worldwide baby (A yeah yeah) Ice Cube makin more money in the rap game Than some of you can (A yeah yeah) with a bird in your hand Puttin it down We wanted in fifty states for this weight (A yeah yeah) Pushin rhymes like weight Pushin rhymes like weight (A yeah yeah) Yeah, blaze one for the nation (A yeah yeah) You know my name You know my name (A yeah yeah) You know my name [Mr. Short Khop] Yeah, some of you fools just got in it and think you gonna change the game You ain't changin nothin [Ice Cube] I been doin this, I been doin this Ask about me Ask about me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Mr. Short Khop) Album: War & Peace Vol. 1 (The War Disc) Song: Dr. Frankenstein Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au Supreme gangsta shit We dream gangsta shit *rain pouring* Yes *electric shock, beaker tingling* Yes *knock on dorr* Yeah what is it? *continual knocking on door* What is it?!? (Doctor, is everything alright?) Yes, I'm straight, go to bed *thunder claps* *animal screams* Yeah! Yeah! *woman screaming* It's ALIVE! [Ice Cube] It's pourin rain, thunder and lightning Clash of the titans, I'm home writin Gangsta rap has arrived, I'm the only man alive October 31st, 1985 Hard times, just got harder Adolescent Ice Cube, the shit starter A martyr, thanks to the father for bein this mean as sixteen raps, feel like the bitch scream You learned about your triple beam from me You stopped payin for pussy and hit that ass for free A little G never thought, that I could change the world witta attitude, a Raider jacket and a jheri curl Got every girl wantin to do me, screw me Boyz N The Hood, the first rap, the first movie Oooh wee *woman screaming* it's alive So whatchu gon' do 24-7, 3-65 Dr. Frankenstein Dr. Frankenstein 	[Mr. Short Khop - x2] 	Ooooh wee, it's alive 	You better run and hide 	Cover your ears and your eyes [Ice Cube] The world had to bow to this new style Dial 9-1-1, makin more money than the law allow But Fuck Tha Police, they can get deez Now who was sayin shit like that before me? No-body, but everybody wanna take the star's place and be Scarface in the car chase Illigitimate, counterfeit Even got white boys talkin shit off the shit I invent No no, motherfuckers musta took a photo Tryin to call my gangsta shit 'mafioso' but who ya usin? Fool it ain't no solution to the evolution, of pimps and prostitution I cuss, skanlous, I give a rush to niggas who mind turn to mush, smokin on brush Hush, I'm just a lush for this Hen Chrome electroids, connected to my pen When, blowin motherfuckers ain't knowin what we goin through Spiritually, lyrically showin you They call me, 'AmeriKKKa's Most Hated' Gettin liberated by this monster I created Dr. Frankenstein 	[Mr. Short Khop] 	We love to bump you Frankenstein 	Yo' shit is the best 	Take my body and my mind 	Don't fuck with the stress 	Hit me with that game to win 	If you want, hit me again 	We love you Frankenstein 	We love you Frankenstein [Ice Cube] Now how many times did a nigga have to warn ya? Ya fuckin up the formula (call the coroner) It's outta hand, cos sucker ass niggas like you try to pay the rent off my blueprint New cent to the industry You thought my shit was biodegradable, uh uh, it's unfadeable Unstoppable, runnin through your suburbs Incredible thug words We gets down, nigga do the Monster Mash and watch a nigga like me collect monster cash Cos I'm sittin wit this bitch who got monster ass Keep em wonderin how long the Don will last And never pass, and when I want it buttered on toast Can't no nigga see Ice Cube on no coast So all you gotta do is focus and see that I'm the fuckin loccest with this hocus pocus Dr. Frankenstein Dr. Frankenstein, ugh 	[Mr. Short Khop - x4] 	Ooooh wee, it's alive 	You better run and hide 	Cover your ears and your eyes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube (f/ Korn) * Album: War & Peace Vol. 1 (The War Disc) Song: Fuck Dying Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * Korn's performance is instrumental only [+AD+]	Ice Cube 	Ice Cube! [Cube]	That's Don Mega to you, you cocksucker [+AD+]	I am the Angel of Death 	And your name is on my list [Cube]	Sheeyit! [+AD+]	Come with me.. [Cube]	I ain't goin nowhere wit yo' ass 	And if you put your hands on me, we gettin down right here Don Mega! *echoes* [repeat line 4X, 2X solo, 2X in background] Join the party, I can provide the army Join the party, I can provide the army! Join the party, I can provide the army!! Join the party, I can provide the army!!! Verse One: Ice Cube Come and hear the voice of the man they call the Trojan Horse Ride on the outside, with inner force Throw you off course, of course, you missed the runway We mash, like the first kickoff, on a Sunday Collisions, divisions of niggaz, down to listen And when we on the mission, call your mortician Join the party, I can provide the army!! First we flank em then we spank em.. I outrank em! You can call me Citizen Kane, for my reign Ten years great, one of the ten great Mr. Media, look inside your encyclopedia 2002, see Ice Cube Fuck a five-star, I'm a live star What you got to die for? Who you wanna ride for? Fuck dying! (Fuck dying!) Don Mega! *echoes* [repeat line 2X] Verse Two: Ice Cube It's the suspect king of the roughnecks, bonafide Worldwide, your highness, the finest Big as China, nigga rhymer, chart climber Quick to send a first-timer back to his Aunt Jemimah Physi-cal, nigga roll with the winners After these dinners, go out and represent us We got antennas, scanners and satellites To see if you battle right, we got to bite Hold on tight, shake, and pump venom Some haters don't learn til you leave lead in em See the dead in em, rigarmortis spread in em Keep your mouth shut, motherfuckin mouth slug See these crossed legs, quick to cross Feds Foe to mighty one, it's the mighty son Fuck dying! *echoes* Yeah.. Don Mega! *echoes* [repeat line 4X, 2X solo, 2X in background] Join the party, I can provide the army Join the party, I can provide the army! Join the party, I can provide the army!! Join the party, I can provide the army!!! Fuck dying!!! I can provide the army (4X) Join the party! In the ghetto, in the ghetto In the city, the suburbs.. penetentiary! Join the party! In the county.. Fuck dying, fuck dying! Join the party, I can provide the army (yeayayyyy) Join the party, I can provide the army! (yeayayyyy) Join the party, I can provide the army!! (yeayayyyy) Join the party, I can provide the army!!! (fuck dying!) I can provide the army (4X) Eternal life baby Eternal life (2X) .. 	Hear ye, hear ye! 	All connect gang members and powers 	are to meet at the West Wing 	To be led into battle by the one and only 	Ice Cube the Great! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: War & Peace Vol. 1 (The War Disc) Song: War & Peace Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Ice Cube the great!! "He has indicated to us that he has sufficient.. firepower..  to.. blow up the Bradley vehicle..  and in fact his words were,  'We are ready for war.. let's get it on'" [Ice Cube] War..				"War, and peace" Sing it! Chorus: singer interprets No Doubt's "Don't Speak" War and peace... (Sing it!)  War and peace, forever! War and peace, together.. always! Verse One: Ice Cube I'm at the highest peak, still glad the meak is understandin me Artillery, thoughts of killin me is just a fantasy The man in me is ready for war, like Holyfield/Tyson IV A gang against you niggaz on the shore Either or, your whole family is on the floor Windows breakin all around em, you can't climb this mountain I'm at the fountain, with my troops I start screamin at em like Patton, we gattin at you fools! Chorus Verse Two: Ice Cube Negotiate... 		strategy is the key! I hope they ain't...	exclusively after me! Cause if they are...	we gots to be who we be! And make a star...	out of a head enemy! The papers said...	that he died tragically! They found his head...	with no legs and bo-dy! We made a pledge...	to the Dub-S-C! Bloodshed...		if they got no love for peace! Sing it! Chorus Verse Three: Ice Cube I'd rather break bread than uhh, break your head Break your legs, have em broken, I ain't no joke Don't provoke, the gun smoke from the highest slope Eternal peace, for my peoples and my folks My crips and my bloods, criminals and my thugs Just show a nigga love when I'm rollin on them dubs Just, give a nigga hugs, we can ride on this piece Westside for Life but still down with the East Sing it! Chorus 2X 	After the haters attempt to blow up his car 	We find our hero, Ice Cube, on the ground 	Bruised, but not beaten 	He pulls out his cell phone.. WITH THE CHIP! 	And begins to dial Mack One-Oh 	Who's faded and rolling through Inglewood 	with Mr. Short KHOP 	Words.. are spoken The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube		 Album: War & Peace Vol. 1/I Got the Hook Up soundtrack Song: Ghetto Vet  Typed by: grouper@mediaone.net Life.... niggas used to come and get me  when it was time to disagree with an enemy pass the hennessy it gives me energy packed the gat in the small of my back where these niggas at I clear the whole pack talkin' shit cuz I'm down for my set I'm a vet  smokin' on a wet cigarette  (who these niggas think they are) (wishin' on a ghetto star i represent my tar) I start bustin' and they scatter like water bugs  cuz these westside niggas is harder thugs  enslve us but nothin' can save us from sportin' Ben Davis shootin' at your neighbors (cuz sometimes I feel like a nut don't give a fuck when I open ya up) hot rocks fly from the back seat and  busta ass niggas run like a track meet an if you crawl in the middle bleed mo' than a little (what) killer king is the hospital feelin' numb from the bullets I hum  and when they hit black mothers have fits I don't give a shit (Chorus) [Mack 10] Fool I'm a vet you can bet that  I could dance underwater and not get wet (check it) [Mr. Short Khop] Its rainin' bullets and I'm still there (Foe life) I'm still there my house shoes get wet from the dew on the grass up early in the morning takin' out the trash feelin' like a loser alcohol abuser  two youngsters roll up on a beach cruiser one on the peddles the other on the handle bars (what) tryin' be ghetto stars they said: Are you from the westside is it so?  i said hell yea and who wanta to know (me) in slow mo fo' fo' slugs face down in the mud  puddle full of blood left for dead  the pain starts to spread now I can't feel my legs I meet doctor who at King Drew medical center  as I enter I.C.U. he said the bullet hit a nerve that was vital I said I can't move my legs he said don't try to now this ain't the end my friend but you'll probably never walk again I sit there motionless holdin' this pain inside contemplating suicide at night I jerk and jerk but my dick don't work it don't even hurt (damn) now who'd ever thought a nigga rude as Ice Cube  I be pissin' through a tube Fool i'm a vet (Chorus) [Mack 10] Fool I'm a vet you can bet that  I could dance underwater and not get wet (check it) [Mr. Short Khop] Its rainin' bullets and I'm still there young ghetto nigga in a wheelchair fuck a V-A they need G-A  gang hospital for a crippal now I'm drinkin' rippal same corner same hood I'm still there with bandanas tied to my wheel chair To all the hoodrat hoes I'm fired they mad cuz my tongue get tired now everybody wanna put they dope on me  sayin' I won't get searched by the LAPD I'm sitting on a doorway duece five Dependin on that to keep my ass alive I don't got bows but my arm's about a one-six My fuckin legs, lookin like tooth picks some times I can't deal got to beg the B G's to roll me up the hill  put me on the porch now I'm on the torch smokin' cocaine just to maintain nutin' to gain nutin' to lose  and last night I couldn't make it to the bathroom feelin' like a two year old you can't get a sip from the brew I hold nigga its the only friend to a stranger AKA hadicap gangbanger there's a lot in my life I regret becomin' a ghetto vet Fool I'm a Vet (Chorus)(2X) [Mack 10] Fool I'm a vet you can bet that  I could dance underwater and not get wet (check it) [Mr. Short Khop] Its rainin' bullets and I'm still there young ghetto nigga in a wheelchair Life..... Yea.... Life... Yea.... Life... Life.... Dedicated to all the ghetto vets  for every nigga that done took one for the hood The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: War & Peace Vol. 1 (The War Disc)/Gang Related soundtrack Song: Greed Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Now, if the greenbacks don't stack large on my side of the yard I ain't fuckin with it This cake has got to be all icing baby Now I know I'm taking the biggest piece but god damn I'm the biggest fish with the biggest mouth bitch You wanna be rich right? (Hell yeah) Well stick with me, do as I does, and be as I be We be stackin chips, packin clips, mackin chicks Laugh at tits, slappin dick, in yo' bitch (bitch!) Makin hoes, take these clothes, from these sto's Walkin slow, there go the po', now here we go Parking lot to the spot, Marriott Cause what I got to make a knot, is very hot Who's at the do', go and check, I got the Tec Tell him that you soakin wet, until he jet Now lift up your fuckin dress, where's the rest Bitch can hide a treasure chest, in her breasts Uh-huh strip search, whip skirts Uh-huh shit hurts, but it works bitch You can jerk niggaz but you can't jerk me Hoe I only tell you once that this dick ain't free I'm talkin greed 	*Chorus* Greed, give me everything that I need How you gon' deal with the niggaz that I feed 	(repeat 2X) We smokin weed, you and me Lookin for that currency 	(repeat 2X) Now bitch niggaz don't mean shit, from where I sit Magnificent blow your back out, if you act out Eighteen deep when the plane soar The bitch threw her tits, asked my click who we play fo' Penetrate the clouds, loud, and obnoxious Surround the airport with feds and helicopters Escorted, detained and deported Scared of the ly-rics, and when they bitches hear us We the clear-est, you can fear us Smile on the day of your dissapear-ance, smoke in mirr-ors Break em all, pull over and jump out Cause I can take em all, all bustas shake em all I'm at the mall, buyin shit, like hot dog on a stick These bitches all on the dick Ice Cube ain't a lick (nope) make me bleed And now you got to deal with the niggaz that I feed, greed Uhh uhh uhh *pigs squeal* (Give me more, give me more) Greed, Greed When you get your hands on it, wanna fawn it Wanna dance on it, everybody want it 	(repeat 2X) You punks is petty, still we steady, countin fetti I'm the one closin escrow, with the best flow (Do you wear a vest?) No Niggaz hit me I'ma turn into The Crow *caw caw* and take a shit on everything counterfeit, the Don Mega Blade Runner, in a beige Hummer all summer It'd take about twelve honkeys, to convict the nigga makin you sick, ask the 12 Monkeys Up in Detroit holdin weed court, all through the South Picked up a ounce in Shreveport My lead give head tunnels (boom!) to any motherfucker disgruntled exit wound, look like a funnel Worldwide, international jet set My niggaz love fuckin bitches that they just met Get it wet, and you can do anything When I'm in Paris niggaz french-kiss the pinky ring 	*Chorus* Yeah, Ice Cube, trillionaire I own a mansion and a yacht, haha We do it like it should be does Yeah, Westside niggaz is very greedy, uhh Death Row is very greedy Sic-Wid-It records is very greedy Dangerous Music greedy greedy greedy Ruthless Records greedy, Suave House, greedy So So Def, greedy Rap-A-Lot greedy as fuck No Limit, hah, hella greedy, uhh Def Jam greedy, we all know Priority greedy as a motherfucker, hahaha Hey got twenties on my BM, you still fuckin with a GM What can you tell me, nigga? *pigs squeal* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: War & Peace Vol. 1 (The War Disc) Song: Cash Over Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mack 10] Whassup Cube dog? I got this bitch-ass nigga right here Y'know, fuckin with this tramp-ass bitch Puttin her before the scrill' all the time, yaknowhatI'msayin? Man I got this nigga transcripts, and every-mother-fuckin thang Tellin this bitch all my mother-fuckin business Puttin ass over cash everyday Nigga fuck that, this Westside [Ice Cube] Be gone you fuckin peon, got the Don furious Talkin on the phone got the Federal curious I'm serious! I don't give a fuck where he is Snatch him out the factory, bring his ass back to me How the fuck you think I got the NAME Bossalini? Punk Mack God Rap Genie, you can't see me Up in this game ever since you was a lame Y'all train at my school, nigga I rule You never make me holla, smokin on a fifteen dollar from across the water, watch your daughter She might catch the Holy Ghost from this rap sermon While you vermin smokin Sherman, I'm rollin somethin German, bitch Money earnin makin mo' money (ching ching) Enemies look so funny, with they clothes bummy Don't need no honey, that's right Cause I'm thinkin with my big head, FUCK what my dick said! Chorus: Ice Cube We puttin cash over ass, each and every day Go on let the players play.. (the hustlers) (We some money makin motherfuckers.. I know that you love us!) We puttin cash over ass, each and every day Go on let the players play.. (the hustlers) (We some money makin motherfuckers.. I know that you love us!) [Ice Cube] Now who's that nigga got these bitches lookin silly? Me! I'm the Big Willie for rilly, the real dilly You can ask Phillie cause I got a year's supply (Yup!) You must want to die, don't get the lye after dark up at Griffith Park, shallow grave for the mark check his heart, the game about to start Big thangs automatic pu-tang (automatic) Keep your mind off them bitches, eyes on your riches If it twitches give it stitches If it jiggles or switches, fuck and take pictures, now I'm livin in a two-point zone, and I'm still bumpin Call me in the clutch, ain't lost my touch Nigga what? on the microphone If I drove it in the video, bitch, I can drive it home Tight as a Corleone You got to get your own, baby get on, now Chorus [Ice Cube] Get your ass up and go to work, cause you know on payday, nigga that shit gon' hurt Fuckin with a skirt instead of handlin your bizness Rich dude, now you got to make three wishes I'm suspicious, of any motherfucker puttin fuck over finance 'Specially fuckin up my plans I'm the boss, I can be late but you'll never see her and me, over currency Givin you the third degree, cause you got too many broke bitches and you like bankin for a penny Stop fuckin on them dum-dums Find one with some ass and some income Who wanna win? Who wanna spin? Who wanna make, twenty-five eight? Me Ice Cube the great.. pushin rhymes like weight Chorus 2X Never put that hoe, in front of that dough nigga For what? (Never... fuck a bitch nigga) For what? She ain't gon' love you if you ain't got no dough fool (Bitch fuckin with me got to be workin, gettin paid yaknahmsayin?) Gotta come up, scrilla scrilla y'all (Never ass over cash nigga) Scrilla scrilla y'all (We greedy) Cha-ching! (She can get some CD's, push some keys) Cha-ching! (Ha ha ha, make the bitches shake they tit-ties) Cha-ching, cha-ching! (Over my knee) Cha-ching, cha-ching! (Never ass over cash) Never ass over cash The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Mack 10 Album: War & Peace Vol. 1 (The War Disc) Song: The Curse of Money Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au [Intro - Sleep] Hey wassup Cube? Man I'm glad I caught you at your momma' house homey Wassup man? You still got your pager right or you lost it?  (It's the curse, the curse....the curse, the curse) Y'know my code right? I been pagin you for about a week man (The curse, the curse) I heard about the deal ya got Greed, Khop (The curse, the curse) Check this out, you owe a nigga somethin man 	[Ice Cube] 	Do the math baby, do the math (Ch-ching) 	Do the math baby, do the math (Ch-ching) 	Do the math baby (The curse, the curse) 	Do the math baby (The curse, the curse) It's the curse of money, once you get it, fool you got it Buy a new pair of drawers and motherfuckers spot it Niggas plotted, to have me knotted up in basements till these cocksuckers see what they're faced with Their fantasies of a life stress-free Full of orgies, in the Florida Keys But this bullshit is so thick, it's like mountains Sick of threatenin all my lawyers and accountants The decibals, gold diggers goin for the testicles Soon they realise, I don't invest in hoes Sometimes it's like hell on earth When everybody tryin to get your ass for all your worth It's the curse 	(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby 	(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby 	(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby 	(The curse, the curse) Do the math  	When you hot, they think you got more than you got 	When you not, motherfuckers callin you a flop 	I just laugh, the curse everybody wanna have 	Before you sell your soul better do the math I start to scream shit like "May day, may day" Cos motherfuckers think it's all grav-ay wit my pay day And like I said, it's the curse of money They start laughin at your jokes when they ain't that funny (Ha ha ha) See this ass kissin yes man Shakin hands with the left hand, get my weap-an, get to stepp-an Fuck every phony ass nigga round me Stick a shaft up your ass like Richie Roundtree (Yea yea!) Got to have some gas money if you goin If not who you fuckin? Who you flowin? Who you owin? In '98 don't shit come free Not even hard rhymes that's describin these hard times 	(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby, do it 	(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby, aha 	(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby 	(The curse, the curse) Do the math, ooh wee 	When you hot, they think you got more than you got 	When you not, motherfuckers callin you a flop 	I just laugh (haha), the curse everybody wanna have 	Before you sell your soul better do the math [Mack 10] To relax I smoke a stick, the shit make me sick Gotta gang of new homies, and relatives on my dick No time for drama, busters get sprayed Bitches wanna get layed, and everybody need their bills paid (Everybody) Motherfuckers, sweat me like a spy They wanna kick it cos I, got the curse of mulah Make me wanna start scrappin and look at me to make it happen What the fuck was they doin before Mack 10 was rappin ?!? Tell me  (What the fuck?) how can I remain a man of seven figures when I'm rushed by gold diggers everytime I get bigger? (Ch-ching) Like David Banner, when I tweak I turn green And everytime I'm seen it's like people start to fiend It's the curse 	[Ice Cube] 	(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby [aha] 	(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby [1 million, 2 million] 	(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby [3 million] 	(The curse, the curse) Do the math  	When you hot, they think you got more than you got  	[Yeah they do] 	When you not, motherfuckers callin you a flop [Motherfuckers] 	I just laugh, the curse everybody wanna have 	Before you sell your soul better do the math [Better do it] 	(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby  	[Get the fuck outta here] 	(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby  	[With dollar signs in your eyes] 	(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby [Ha ha, sheeit] 	(The curse, the curse) Do the math  [Outro - Ice Cube] Leave your ass broke Rabbit ears, nigga for pockets, haha he I'm cursed! Hahaha, but I love it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Mack 10 Album: War & Peace Vol. 1 Song: The Peckin' Order Typed by: chatpolarn@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "In the deep and dark bowels of the underworld,  order must be maintained.  Without a strict and unforgiving chain of command,   chaos is inevitable." [Ice Cube] Whassup youngsta? Since you the new booty, and don't know nothin, I got to show you bout the peckin order It's the order in how we do things and move things See, somebody gon' tell you what to do after I tell that motherfucker what to do It's the peckin order (*echo*) It's the peckin order (*echo*) We got the power to make you niggaz sour Big fish whale like Ichikowa, steppin out the shower It's the peckin order, ask ya daugther how we peck Inspect, high class ass to projects Push my Lex through the California rain, gutter lane Infamous schemes on the brain for my connect gang, put a strain on every link in our chain, that's right - we all get arraigned Takin sworn notes to makin c-notes Knowin all the while that bullshit floats and niggaz don't So nigga don't - gangsta paradise ain't nuttin nice Yeah we livin so trife we need Je-sus in our life Chorus: Ice Cube, Mack 10 [Cube]	It's the peckin order  [Mack]	It's the order how we do things 	and move things, only fuck with the true things [Ice Cube] Havin heavy intercourse with the world of depression Messin with the wrong bitches never learn our lesson Stressin, no guessin, never question Even when we playin, we testin, confession Do you still wanna meet where the killers eat? Held accountable for anythang you repeat It's the peckin order, ask your daughter how we peck When we smoke you, it's your best friend you suspect Chorus [Mack 10] Now c'mon, come on potnah, c'mon (it's the peckin order) Fuck that, I don't wanna hear none of that shit man All that cryin and beggin and shit To be honest wit you that shit really don't even affect me in no kind of way potnah You wastin your muthafuckin time (it's the peckin order) Let's get this shit goin, let's get it over with C'mon back here, back here I can't make no motherfuckin mess right here Check this out homie, make it easy on yourself I know you want a motherfuckin open casket where your peoples can see you and kiss on you but you gon' piss me off and I'ma blow noodles out your motherfuckin head and ain't none of that happenin after that So, c'mon back here, c'mon, right - c'mon, ay But you know, one more thing before I do this {*BLAM!!*} [Ice Cube] It's the peckin order (*echo*) It's the peckin order (*echo*) It's the peckin order (*echo*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Mr. Short Khop Album: War & Peace Vol. 1 (The War Disc) Song: Limos, Demos & Bimbos Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au [Intro] (Hey did you hear that?) 	Yeah just get the fuckin door! *car door opens and closes* 	[Ice Cube] 	Limos, demos and bimbos! (Hey slow this motherfucker down man) 	Limos, demos and bimbos! (ugh ugh ugh ugh) Hit the sunroof, and let's contemplate the freaks we can run through Got the chauffer pullin over Snatch one inside, she wanna ride with this mission Close the partition, he like to listen All fuckin, no kissin, just smokin and drinkin Super vets in a super stretch Lincoln Thinkin bout the good ol' days of hip hop in its purest form before the eye of the storm I could give a fuck about you hatin, on my way to the Colliseum with seventeen-five waitin They scream for the limousine, it's all clean Tinted, your shit is rented, you know we spend it While you worry bout the five mics, I'm in the limelight wit movies comin out, yo' time is runnin out I just finished doin "Live At The Apollo" Indication from my driver damn we're bein followed [Mr. Short Khop] You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life [Ice Cube]	 I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life [Mr. Short Khop] You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life [Ice Cube]	 I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life 	Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm only fuckin with the...) 	Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm livin so trife, ugh ugh ugh ugh) [Mr. Short Khop] Caught him in motion, had me potent, let him know about the showin and how I'm knowin to keep it cracked open Cans of ass-beatin, plus on how I crash meetins and have your whole staff leavin half-breathin Got shit to hold my own, big bucks But Khop's soon to run it through em, nigga check nuts Put to the test then put two to rest Wiped out with lights out, two to the chest Hold it now tell a few, legitimate We loaded, for revenue, let's get this shit and split this shit for three days, count it three ways Nigga fuck what he say, havin heat pays It's all about the thoroughbred, top choice with the voice that keep ??? moist Mr. Short Khop expected the truest, dare you niggas step to us I stay connected til death do us [Ice Cube]	 You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life [Mr.Short Khop]	 I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life [Ice Cube]	 You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life [Mr.Short Khop]	 I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life 	Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm only fuckin with the...) 	Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm livin so trife I need JESUS, JESUS) [Ice Cube] The alley was pitch black, I'm in the back of this black Lac These fuckers pull up in a Ac They don't understand the impact Two thousand dollar three-piece suit, can you spend that? They call me the Don Mega (Don Mega) *motorcycle speeding past* cos I'm down to play a double-header in stormy weather Superstar, goddamn them niggas got me Stop the car and blast the paparazzi *gun shots, motorcycle* [Mr. Short Khop] You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life [Ice Cube]	 I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life [Mr. Short Khop] You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life [Ice Cube]	 I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life 	Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm only fuckin with the...) 	Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm livin so trife I need Jesus, ugh) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: War & Peace Vol. 1 (The War Disc) Song: Once Upon a Time in the Projects 2 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Once upon a time in the projects yo I damn near had to wreck a hoe Yellin through the screen do' (HEY, let me in!) (Big Daddy got a fifth of gin, and down to sin) Baby up in two-ten, is on a nigga Bendin over pickin up her mail, she can tell I'm dyin to get her I'm sittin in yo' livin room, slash kitchen A nigga ain't tryin to be the fuckin groom so stop bitchin *knock knock knock* I like the way that ass is switchin, answer the do' Some nigga in a eighty-kay, yo' baby daddy lookin like he mad at me (what) wit'cho name on his neck Here we go with mo' drama in the projects 	Wait a minute, who is this motherfucker? You better take his ass in the back, and start talkin Nick that bud 'fore it bloom, and start stalkin I can hear you guys yellin *glass breaks* a little strugglin Youse a FOOL if you think that I'm jumpin in That nigga jet, smokin on a ciggarette You say domestic shit, get you soakin wet? Well come widdit and get it, blow my socks while I'm drinkin all the Kool-Aid, watchin Jamie Foxx I'm hearin mo' knocks *knock knock knock* (Oh, that's just my people  They came all the way to the projects to meet you) Who? This fool wearin black, his girl, in the see through Distraction, a little action, *fight ensues* I woke up Tied up like (What happened? Punk you shoulda stuck to rappin Niggaz tell me you got a house full of platinum.. Where the platinum at motherfucker? I hear that shit worth more than gold!) 	Wait a minute motherfucker, this my house! Once upon a time in the projects (3X) Once upon a time, once upon a time I'm like baffled, they got me gaffled, with the duct tape So I remain raw, in come this chainsaw *knock knock knock* Another knock, it's the girl from two-ten here to drop salt, that's when them bitches fought I thought, "I bet-ta plan my escape" In the midst of this commotion, Ice Cube is breakin tape I'm free, bombin on the first thing I see And guess who walk in, with a nine, and a grin It's the baby daddy he ain't playin, *gunshots* He started layin everybody down, about face with a frown I'm runnin to the bedroom, I lock the do' and grab the phone, the bitch phone ain't turned on I think I'm gone, that's when I hear a soft knock It's the girl from two-ten, with her number, and a glock Said, "Call me up, if it's for sex, or chin check Nigga get you a real ass bitch from the projects!" 	And I just might do that Once upon a time in the projects (3X) Once upon a time, once upon a time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ K-Mac, Mr. Short Hkop Album: War & Peace Vol. 1 (The War Disc) Song: If I Was Fucking You Typed by: don_vaskez@freemail.hu [Intro - 'Big Worm' talking] Yeah that's cool Er, everything closed so we just We might as well just go straight to the hotel And just get some rest Let me slide this dick up on in ya [Verse 1] [Ice Cube] If I was fucking you right about now You'd have a dick stuck in you (yeah) Have to go brag to your fucking crew On how this rap nigga dick you down Tenderised them guts and didn't have to kick you down Who this bitch nigga wit' you now? Do we know about your X-files? And your sex styles? And all the niggaz that you think about fucking And the shit you know you really wanna do when we buzzin' (hahaha) [K-Mac] If I was fucking you, shit, it'd be like drama (yeah) And you might get tripped on by my baby mama (hey mac) So do what I tell you and everything'll be alright You're cute as fuck, plus that ass is tight (hype) Get the fuck on 'fore these niggaz start to fight I can see it in your eyes, you wanna fuck tonight Give head and everything, she got a fool in love (fool) Gave it up to me, a gangsta, after the club [Mr. Short Khop] If I was fucking you, I'd be pakin the piss The horny weight dick gettin' laid is for chips Bitch I'm tryina' make grips Him in with the trojan pack 'o six Hin the gin and juice the mix No time to pause, gots to drop draws Prep though a ass-spanking', breakin' down walls With tactics, nigga used two prophylactics (double-up) Hit the twat chopper style Bang it up back (echo) [Hook] If I was fucking you (echo) (overlapping) ooh, oo, yeah, a, ahh, uhh, uh, come on [Verse 2] [Ice Cube] If I was fucking you, you'd be like fuck everybody Cube, this pussy yours Washin' dishes, rubbin' floors Doin' chores for a nigga Open doors for a nigga Ridin' shotgun, holdin' forty-fours for a nigga At the motelly, got you on your belly In come morcelli Niggaz calling K-Mac, bitches calling Kelly Do it like Arthur Fonzarelli, hit the lights So we can try to reform these potential dykes [K-Mac] If I was fucking you, you'd be spendin' all your dough (yeah) Buying nigga shit, that you don't even know (mm) Credit card maxed-out Bank account tapped-out Writin' bad cheques (hahaha) When I call you break your neck You do whatever please me, runnin' burs while I take it easy Will as you do whatever, live your life just to please me These buster-ass niggaz make the shit so easy (He was fucking me?) for sheazy [Mr. Short Khop] If I was fucking you, I'd let the homies fuck too Run up in the guts, bust nuts and we're through Have you fiendin' Cooch screamin, needin' cleanin' Creamin', tag-teamin', suckin' semen Keep it low, put it in your grill cos you love me With video footage of you giving nigga scully (got you) Hold it till you choked off the bitch then got gut And roll one to smoke, grab my shit and shake my spot [Hook] [Outro] ['Big Worm' talking] Nineteen inches of complicated funk. hahahaha Ango urgin', probably be vomiting dick for a week though Suckin' on semen, hahahahahahah... Hmmm... be careful what you wish for, you just might get it Artist: Ice Cube Album: War & Peace Vol. 1 (The War Disc) Song: X-Bitches Typed by: don_vaskez@freemail.hu [Ice Cube Talking] Damn, what you doing over here? Wassup? Yeah I was thinking about you the other day And I was thinking I should have never fucked wit' your ass I should have left you right where I found you My bad (echo) [Verse 1] When I was wit you all you ever do was bitch Talk shit, but you could suck dick So I didn't sweat all the fussin' and cussin' On New Year's Eve, the night I was bussin'(wow) I would stress and strain to mantain And didn't need to hear your motherfuckin ass complain About niggaz in the house (mm), feet on the couch Talkin' all loud (yeah), blunt in my mouth (yeah) Bitch I got fifty cents on this genesis Talkin' 'bout niggaz got to vacate the premises (She ??) Homie history An' outa nowhere your ass got heart Poured out the pub, then you got drugged We at it again, I tried to count to ten There's no end to your naggin' You can't treat me like I'm faggin', ho You see I'm saggin' (no) Why I gotta act like a motherfucking asshole (why) To be king of my motherfucking castle You'll never be the missus (never) Breakin' all my dishes And fuck all my X-bitches [Hook 1] Fuck you, fuck you and fuck you The world ain't yours, the world ain't yours (repeat) [Verse 2] On an' off, off an' on, bitch I'm grown So stop playing on my phone (stop) It was a time we used to bump and grind And find heaven (ahh) Without a motherfucking reverend Manage troiges and bomb-ass massages And dreams of three-car garages You say I'm cheating when I'm up at the studio Come to find out you the ho, oh And you was way out Talkin' 'bout rap, was gonna play ya And I was wasting my time writing rhyme (hahaha) You made yourself loud and clear You wanted me to choose between you and my career (bitch) Started fucking with this baller named Chris Couldn't resist the Rolex on his wrist I kept on writing my raps with profanity Now I'm on tour fucking bitches like vanity You tried to diss this, now you miss this And the first and fifteenth is like Christmas Send me naked pictures but give it a rest With Mrs Ice Cube tatood on your breast Now you at the back door of my show Dressed like a ho, aksin' could you blow (no) Hell no but it's still delicious Went from rags to riches And fuck all my X-bitches [Hook 2] Fuck you, fuck you, especially you The world ain't yours, the world ain't yours (repeat) Now I hear you sayin' "Yeah I used to fuck 'im" Not lettin' 'em know I was a young buck then Niggaz aksin' me "Man, did you love her?" Loved her stupid ass enough to fuck her with a rubber (bitch) Now I hear, I'm your big brother (who?) Second cousin, friend Bitch since when? Incest ain't the way I swing (nah) Never bought your ass a goddamn thing That I had to pay for I was hateful Ungrateful (uh) and never faithful Fuckin' everything that I could get my paws on Walkin' through hell with gasoline draws on Now I'm on the mic, music is my life Kids and a wife, heard you was a dyke (damn) It's your thing if you like the switches But it's my world and fuck all my X-bitches [Hook 1] x 1 [Hook 2] x 1 [Ice Cube talking] Never go down the same road twice Advice from the big homie Ice Cube Hmm, girl you better get away from here I don't want that shit no more Na,na ahem, and don't be callin' at my mama' house neither I'm through wit' you. I'm through wit' you I done got smarter. I done got smarter I ain't fuckin' wit' your daughter The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: War & Peace Vol. 1 (The War Disc) Song: Extradition Typed by: don_vaskez@freemail.hu [Ice Cube Talking] Dear Mum, If some people came by the house lookin for me I'm innocent of anything they say I done Now I don't know when I'll be able to write you again But I will be back to California to see you Your son, Ice-motherfucking-Cube [Hook 1] Keep my hand on my gun cos they got me on the run I swear I didn't do what they say I done (x2) [Verse 1] Ghetto destroyer, paranoia, I need a lawyer This bitch named Netoia, say they lookin for ya Got to get the fuck out of here (yeah right) This bitch dimmed the lights (nigga, spend the night) Bust a quick nut, got to fuck up and gat on Cos this the same street I got shot on So God bless the Impala double-S I gotta holla cos I'm smokin on double breasts Tweakin, niggaz be leakin, information Got the feds seekin, incarceration Niggaz say my name popped up Bitch hop up Nigga close the shop up They tryina stop up my cashflow Leave me asshole naked (fuck!) Gone in sixty seconds, burn all records Nigga gettin skinny eating Denny's Count my pennies, only got a bag fulla twenties [Hook 2] Listen, these Feds fishin for this extradition I'm on a mission, fuck 'em, fight 'em, dodge 'em, ditch 'em I gotta kick rocks, I can't pick locks Or spend the rest of my life in a shit-box [Verse 2] It's so hard to get a room without a credit card It's so hard not to let 'em know where you are Tried to get a Rent-A-Car Whitey laughed when I showed him cash Had to mash 'fore he called the Feds on my ass Went to Vegas for the weekend Met a ho down for freakin Hey bitch, why you sneakin? Grabbed the paper out her hand Am I the man on the front page? (Fuck!) Same height, same age (click-click) Rap gauge, put it down the G-way Got my hostage suckin sausage on the freeway She say let's hit or suck ok? Ran inside and made the niggaz all pay It's like I hit the Lotto outside Colorado Brought a ??? for his wallet and my votto That's my motto and I gotta warn ya Before I'm through, I'm going back to California [Hook 1] [Hook 2] [Verse 3] My boys, Utah to Illinois Settin decoys, so I can infiltrate All fifty states Can't wait till I'm back on my feet Switch and shake this bitch in her sleep Low key you feds can't see me All up in D.C. with strike number three Clownin, made a little stock to get a little cock Now I got niggaz bangin in Little Rock I'm going back to Cali westbound with my strikes Don't give a fuck who's on the marin or the mic I should've known when I seen that motherfucker in the lobby looking like he wanna rob me (Fuck!) Federal, don't like no black hetero-sexual, intellectual Tried to turn me into a vegetable An I'm 'a sue all black and blue When I come to-hand cuff (Fuck y'all!) Big grey bus, scandalous (Fuck you too!) Cos they can't stand us They get excited and I tried to fight it (mama) I'm going back to Cali for sure, extradited [Hook 1] [Hook 2] [Ice Cube talking] Hey mama, when y'all send pictures you can't send a polaroid Got to be the regular pictures An' they got us in here puttin' in computer chips or something I don't know. Like they playin with us, it's like a game It ain't nuttin' but a game to them mama It's my life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: War & Peace * Vol. 1: The War Disc Song: Three Strikes You In Typed by: ccyao@worldnet.att.net One mo' strike and I'm through, nigga Bottom of the ninth swingin, for my life I'm up at the plate, goin for the gate They got my moms seated in section eight Been on deck since my last felony  I'm that 0 for 2 mothafucka  With the Louisville Slugger Shay Whitie, that left hand punk is on the mound and he comin wit dat off-speed junk Its the Westside Hustlaz, vs these LA Pigs You can say the damned vs the nigs My little homies in the dugout They lookin' sad, cuz fourteen niggas done struck-out My first offense was possession of weed Now I'm in the major leagues and that mothafucka Bill Clinton-is a son of a bitch had the nerve to throw out the first pitch  I'm just tryin' to get rich like Trump The Home Run king is now in a slump, pass me a hunk How the fuck can I stay out the pen When its one-two-three strikes you in Chorus: One-two three strikes you in Now how the fuck a nigga supposed  to stay out the pen, I'm on a blend of Gin and Hen, everyday of my life With two strikes it ain't right He's in the wind-up Here come the pitch I swing, aw shit (foul tip) They felt the chill cuz if I get on first You know the deal - a niggas gots to steal Like to steal home and I betcha That I can run over, the LA Pig catcher Just because I'm black, wit a bat They wanna send a nigga back to the warning track fulla count they say I won't amount to shit But fool I can hit like Kenny Grit With a split in my mouth on tha cellular phone (It's going, going, gone!) And watch a pitcher get served You from tha LA Pigs  I know you coming with a curve Ay batter, batter is the chitter-chatter I'm the designated hitter, a nigga much badder, than Babe Ruth Will I tell the truth and nothing but the truth Hell yea, I'd rather be shootin' hoops Cuz a niggas guaranteed to win  Against a bullshit loss and three strikes you in Take me out to the ballgame  Take me out to the crowd (wha what, wha what) Another nigga on trial Keep ya peanuts Jeezuh And fuck you Cracker Jack I hope I never come back I gots to root for my homeboys If they dont win its a shame Cuz its one-two-three strikes you in twenty-five years of pain you know my name They wanna nigga to run and get hung high strung, so this pig can win the Cy-Young I'ma hit this mothafucka a mile In the batters box, high as Steve Hal You can't salary cap my gat No strike, cuz gangsta-rap is on the map I'm like Satchel Paige wit a gauge Or Jackie Robinson, when I'm robbin' one  of you Cracker Jacks fool I'm a mothafuckin vet And fuck yo seventh-inning stretch, so Take me out to the ballgame, and see my neighborhood name In your Ghetto Hall of Fame Chorus x 3 Yea (It ain't right) Playin' people like a game (It aint right) Human beings, puttin' em in a jar (It aint right) for double life, triple life (It aint right) Take me out to the ballgame  Take me out to the crowd (wha what, wha what) Another nigga on trial Keep ya peanuts Jeezuh And fuck you Cracker Jack  I hope I never come back I gots to root for my homeboys If they dont win its a shame Cuz its one-two-three strikes you in twenty-five years of pain you know my name You know my name (wha what, wha what) x 4 If I die tonight, you know who did it (you know) If I ride tonight, you know who did it (you know) If they sheck me up, you know who did it (don't guess) If they check my nuts, you know who did it (get 'em) If they break my bank, you know who did it (yea) If they pull my rank, you know who did it (get 'em) If they sock me up, you know who did it (yea) If they lock me up, you know who did it (get 'em) If they smear my name, you know who did it  If they kill my game, you know who did it Remember me (you know who did it) Wha what, wha what (you know who did it) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: War & Peace Vol. 1 (The War Disc) Song: Penitentiary Typed by: don_vaskez@freemail.hu "Attention all nigga rows and nigga hoes We've decided to rob this motherfucker the legal way Nobs injecting ourselves to become property on the stock In the penal system. In the justice system" Penitentiary, I hear you calling me (x4) [Verse 1] As the world turns, it burns while it's spinning Coming to a fucked-up ending I can't wait till the day everything in the hood is straight And I can hit the perly gates Until then, the pen is unfair Slave ships in the middle of nowhere (mama) I lets my goddamn hair grow (mama) Bellin' in court, lookin' like a scarecrow On Capital Hill, they done passed a bill Coming at me with a fucked-up deal (nah) The judge gave me a 'L' But y'all can't tell I wait and cry in my cell Convicted negro, superhero Speaker of the house Hate the lyrics in my mouth Bitches in the south showin' ass (mmm) Mix a lot, got hoes puttin titties on the glass We blast in the west for example And rap about this shit over funkadelic samples Yo' babies see me kill a fool on TV (Wilson!) And straight call me a G [Hook 1] Penitentiary, I hear you calling me Penitentiary, I hear you calling me Thinkin' of illegal ways to get paid But it ain't shit, got to be legit [Hook 2] In South-central L.A. You can buy your game from the C.I.A., hey-hey In South-central L.A. You can buy your game from the C.I.A. baby [Hook 1] [Verse 2] When the evil outweighs the good And you only give a fuck about the bucks The Earth will self-destruct (bitch!) Fuck the ozone layer, bitch I'm a playa (bitch!) Plus we got a black mayor I get sex when I show flex (Booom!) Port Bay Rolex (Booom!) Which ho is next? (Booom!) Treat you like a piece of meat, not a mate Calling you a ho 'cos I'm fucking on the first date (uh) My world is a one-mile radius I swear every other hood is the shadiest (uh) Could the Crips and Bloods be all rotten When the trilateral commission is plottin'? What you gonna do when the Earth erupts? Some niggaz gettin' nuts outa styrofoam cups (punk) Fool you on monster swow But won't even think about, socking Bob Doe (punk) Asshole from the Senate How can you relate to a project tennant? Motherfuck you and the Department of Corrections Tryina' get a section of this west-side connection [Hook 1] x2 [Hook 2] Just because you gotta stay You ain't gotta rot away We gon' come and get you one day (repeat until fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Dr. Dre, MC Ren Album: War and Peace Vol. 2 (The Peace Disc) Song: Hello Typed by: elrookus@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes {Hello..} [Dr. Dre] I started this gangsta shit And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..} [MC Ren] I started this gangsta shit And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..} [Ice Cube] The motherfuckin world is a ghetto Full of magazines, full clips, and heavy metal When the smoke settle.. .. I'm just lookin for a big yellow; in six inch stilletos Dr. Dre {Hello..} perculatin keep em waitin While you sittin here hatin, yo' bitch is hyperventilatin' Hopin that we penetratin, you gets natin cause I never been to Satan, for hardcore administratin Gangbang affiliatin; MC Ren'll have you  wildin off a zone and a whole half a gallon {Get to dialin..} 9 1 1 emergency {And you can tell em..} It's my son he's hurtin me {And he's a felon..} On parole for robbery Ain't no coppin a plea, ain't no stoppin a G I'm in the 6 you got to hop in the 3, company monopoly You handle shit sloppily I drop a ki properly They call me the Don Dada Pop a collar, drop a dollar if you hear me you can holla Even rottweilers, follow, the Impala Wanna talk about this concrete? Nigga I'm a scholar The incredible, hetero-sexual, credible Beg a hoe, let it go, dick ain't edible Nigga ain't federal, I plan shit while you hand picked motherfuckers givin up transcripts Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes {Hello..} I started this gangsta shit And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..} [Dr. Dre] I started this gangsta shit And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? [MC Ren] Villain blows up yo' spot Take yo' notebook yo' bitch and yo' glock This motherfucker thought the coochie had a padlock You slapped her ass that's alarmin cause she want my Worm like Carmen We chin check niggaz, them thin check niggaz run trains on golddiggers beware these fo' niggaz Scarin motherfuckers like Steven King flicks Makin niggaz clear the room like a dyke flea a dick Makin 2nd II None shit, nigga like Quik So when I bomb first nigga who you rollin with? Fuck that ice on your wrist, fuck yo' fine ass bitch Cause you could lose it in a tussle nigga watch me hustle Watch niggaz kiss my ass without flexin a muscle Bitches - all in the back they knees waitin to buckle Same time same channel don't change the dial Niggaz4Life, fuckin your wife, these niggaz wild {Hello..} I started this gangsta shit And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..} [Ice Cube] I started this gangsta shit And this the muh'fuckin thanks I get? {Hello..} [Dr. Dre] Did I fall off? Got you in your room  rippin every "Chronic" poster on your wall off Just cause I put away the sawed off Now I got you sittin back with a smirk; listenin with your arms crossed Questionin Dre's credibility {What?} Wondering if it's still in me to produce hits; Y'all be killin me As if I need to make mo' - I got a mansion  and six cars that are paid fo' - suck my dick! {Hello..} We came a long way from not givin a fuck Sellin tapes out of a trunk to movin this far up Now we got the whole world starstruck Made a million plus and still don't give a motherfuck Motherfucker I'm Dre - I don't need your respect I don't need to make another album bitch I don't gotta do shit I do it because I want to not to stay in the game Fuck the fame, I'm still stayin the same, lil' bitch! {Hello..} I started this gangsta shit And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..} [MC Ren] I started this gangsta shit And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..} [Ice Cube] Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes {Hello..} Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Chris Rock Album: War and Peace Vol. 2 (The Peace Disc) Song: You Ain't Gotta Lie Ta Kick It Typed by: elrookus@hotmail.com [Chris Rock] You ain't gotta lie ta kick it [Ice Cube] (verse one) {:02} I know ya like to see me doin' bad But i'm doin' good, fuck the police that's rollin' thru my neighborhood Fuckin' peaker wood see me in the five speed I don't care if his motherfuckin' eyes bleed (yeah yeah!) This is my weed, this is my world Don't get mad when you see them hundred spokes twirl Candied out while you spit yo' last on the pearl The Don Daada, i'm hotta than holly watta Wish i was your baby fatha, cuz i got a fuckin' head on my shoulder And lead in my holster, face on the poster The kinda nigga that you wanna get close ta' But you can't so you start the lyin' Just like that nigga that think he dyin' Get ta cryin', snitchin' and testifyin' To all my people if i'm talkin 'bout your baby mama When she meet Ice Cube tell her save the drama [Chris Rock] Yo Cube, im goan have all da biches here --You ain't got to lie ta kick it-- Yo man fuck dem bitches, dey ain't call me back But i just paged my auntie --You ain't got to lie ta kick it-- [Ice Cube] Tell your mama, tell your daddy, tell your auntie --You ain't got to lie ta kick it-- Tell your cousin, tell your sister, if she want me --You ain't got to lie ta kick it-- [Ice Cube] (verse two) {1:02} I'm a be as real as I can with this Not just the fake analyst on canabis, who only say that the world is Scandalist, without findin' out a way to handle this Dismantle this, either with the rhyme or the fist How the fuck we get in the belly of this bitch? I be rich if it wasn't for the snitch Lyin' to the enemies, wild conspiracies I'm a say this 'till the day that I die Seven thirty fives bring on bitches lies While you bullshitin', I'm hard hittin' like 2pac, I keep spittin' 'till my heart stop Young niggas tryin' to tell me that i'm played Once they say you played, nigga you must be payed (HA HA! huh ha) Pushin' weight since the tenth grade do my thing Got more plaques than Jordan got rings, nigga sayin' [Chris Rock] Yo Cube, i got the new Biz 9000 --You ain't got to lie ta kick it-- I got the Playstation in the windshield nigga! --You ain't got to lie ta kick it-- [Ice Cube] Tell your mama, tell your daddy, tell your auntie --You ain't got to lie ta kick it-- Tell your cousin, tell your sister, if she want me --You ain't got to lie ta kick it-- [Ice Cube] (verse three) {2:02} I hate to see your ass comin' (yep), with your mouth runnin' Talkin' 'bout somethin' (what?), that ain't meanin' nothin' 'Bout your second cousin (hmm), who be always buzzin' Where she was or wasn't, who she now fuckin' Stories by the dozen Punch you got the sequel (what?) To let you tell it Randy Moss is your people It's evident, your ass lie like the president But stretch marks on your mouth is the evidence (ha ha) How the fuck can your friends be the benjamins?! (punk) And your little ass car's full of fender benz There you go on the stand with your hand up (lyin') Testifyin' about a man that's in handcuffs We should do you like the Mack said And if he lie like a crackhead pop 'em like a black head Let him ooze, let him loose Let him lie by his motherfuckin' ass on the news (yeah yeah) [Chris Rock] Yo Cube, check out this ring, 69 karots --You ain't got to lie ta kick it-- It's Kryptonite nigga, Kryptonite! --You ain't got to lie ta kick it-- [Ice Cube] Tell your mama, tell your daddy, tell your auntie --You ain't got to lie ta kick it-- Tell your cousin, tell your sister, if she want me --You ain't got to lie ta kick it-- {repeat last 4 lines} [Chris Rock - ad lib outro...] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Gangsta, Jayo Felony, Squeek Rule Album: War and Peace Vol. 2 (The Peace Disc) Song: The Gutter Shit Typed by: elrookus@hotmail.com [Ice Cube] I been servin' niggas since 1985 Niggas want the gutter Ice Cube, Jay-O Felony My nigga Gangsta, Squeek Rule Keep it gangsta y'all, keep it gangsta (chorus) {:14} Niggas want that gutter shit Fuck that other shit, that play it for your mother shit Ain't the rugged shit {repeat} (verse one) {:25} Keep it gangsta y'all, I want to thank you all Niggas comin' with that bullshit, it's gankin' y'all We can ride to this kinda shit and bank them all Nigga ball 'till you fall motherfucker thats all Can't none of y'all hang with me putin' in work Turn this motherfucker up unless you goin' to church Nowadays, crazy ass bitches want they bills paid But can't even make a good thang of kool-aid (ha ha) But chicken heads get chicken feed (bahk bakh) (a) Lil' dick and weed (bahk bakh) Everything that a chicken need (bahk bakh) Tryin' to pot I get real as Chris Rock Make a bitch hot, turn into Fort Knox (bitch know) It's Ice Cube comin' straight from the gutter Westcoast Don, you fags undastata (?) [Jayo] (verse two) {:59} There is sa-lethal in the gas chamber I'm full of anger, nigga the west is in the house But you still in for some danger And when i'm thru, I take your bitch and finger bang her But if she looks tossed up, i'll slang her Beat you like mama dearest with a clothes hanger Cuz the gang a niggas be tryin' to spit But you can't spit it like this I come equiped to rip, any battle And leave him strung in his crew but they put me in the twist like Trump I can collapse or puncture, the lungs of anyone Give him a chance to spit his last word, unerve then he done 20/20 ain't good enough Rappers they ain't seein' me, this Jay-O Felony And nobody can stand three of me Caution keep MC's out of my reach, i'm on a mission And be gettin' to your fuckin' hide to be called a physician Immediately, I puts it down at a show (Jay-O) But loked to choke the shit out a fool, nigga dat's on doo low [Ice Cube] Keep it gansta y'all, keep it gangsta (keep it gangsta) Keep it gansta y'all, keep it gangsta (keep it gangsta) Keep it gansta y'all, keep it gangsta (all my life) Keep it gansta y'all, keep it gangsta (all my life) (verse three) {1:50} I'm sick of these rap niggas lyin' 'bout they rich (what?) Lyin' 'bout they bitch (what?) Lyin' 'bout they dick (what?) I'm sick of these rap niggas lyin' 'bout they hits (huh?) Lyin' 'bout they whips (huh?) Lyin' 'bout they six (yeah) I'm sick of these rap niggas lyin' 'bout they clothes (brrrmmph!) Lyin' 'bout they hoes (uhh) Lyin' 'bout they rows (uhh) I'm sick of these rap niggas lyin' 'bout they house (punk!) Lyin' about they clout (yeah) Lyin' up in they mouth (yeah yeah) It's the Mah-hurage-ny, my niggas; kamekaze Illuminaughty, bitch hoes in they body We the riders, we push like mahz-er-aties Do karatees, on hatters, and you hotties Fuck the party, come on, my niggas focus We the richest, pretend that we the brokest Niggas notice, as soon as you're checking quotas We the coldest, so go and tell the rollers (biotch!) [Gangsta] (verse four) {2:30} Who dat? next out the game, in blue kahks Gangsta's the name, niggas wonderin' how I do that By the thug way, package and transportin' the drug way Only means of makin' a livin', the Crip and Blood way I'm on grates when i'm grindin' I'm on stakes when i'm dinnin' And on sunday's on the wine Is you can't calm the savage beast (never) And I can make your birds rise like geese, K-Mac tell 'em You sell 'em, I swell 'em, loke (sell 'em loke) Hard or soft determines how much a nigga sell 'em for We got the fish scale texture (fish scale) Now if you cook it yourself you get extras Dub that shit to death with this dub thang Only a few niggas left with this love mang So we cop together (yeah), put it in the beeker Rock together (uhh), claim blocks together And fuck cock together, nigga (brrrph!) [Ice Cube] (chorus) {3:11} Niggas want that gutter shit Fuck that other shit, that play it for your mother shit Ain't the rugged shit {repeat} (Squeek Rule) [Squeek Rule] (verse five) {3:22} Look in my eyes I see the dollar sign dogg, and my dick start to rise Got to handle money, got to stack the money (tell 'em) Buzzin' like a bee cuz I crave for the honey Million dollar tickets make bitches look wicked So you innocent hoes, ain't got to like ta kick it I know you knows (uhh), cuz now my decimals (yep) Done fiend for the green, keep you itchin' in your panty hose Your eyes full of gleem (brrrmmph!) You wanna get on my team, and live my dream Captain of the ship is what i'm boastin' Hit the three wheel motion, i'm the shit when i'm coastin' (uh huh) Down the boulevard, flossin' hard Lights hit the chrome, don't go lick 'em like a movie star Money makes me a savage (what it do?) Shit, I brake down the world for the cabbage (Squeek Rule) [Ice Cube] Keep it gansta y'all, keep it gangsta Keep it gansta y'all, keep it gangsta Keep it gansta y'all, keep it gangsta (all my life) Keep it gansta y'all, keep it gangsta (all my life) (chorus) {4:11} Niggas want that gutter shit Fuck that other shit, that play it for your mother shit Ain't the rugged shit {repeat} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: War and Peace Vol. 2 (The Peace Disc) Song: Supreme Hustle Typed by: elrookus@hotmail.com {interigation intro...} [Ice Cube] {:46} Don Dadaa, uhh, uhh, yeah You can't see me, but you can feel me You can feel me, you can feel me It's the world, famous, supreme team show, supreme team show...{x2} uhh, look at me (verse one) {1:09} I be the one that you love to hate I be the one that's from out of state I be the one with the nickle plate I be the one with the mean face I be the one with the bad taste I be the one that you worry 'bout I be the one that make ya hurry out I be the one that make your mama shout I be the one that's the cleanest (fo' sho') I be the one with the niggas and guns that's the meanest (let 'em know) (chorus) {1:32} Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) I call em team tustle (whatcha call it?) Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) I call em team tustle (yeah yeah) (verse two) {1:43} You be the one that we laugh at (ha ha) You be the one that can't have that (uh uhn) You be the one to get your ass cracked (crack!) You be the one that's takin' live rounds You be the one thats got to run from them bloodhounds You be the one with the eight babies My seven ladies, still dressin' like the eighties You be the one that just checked in emergency You be the one thats a die, in need of surgery (chorus) {2:06} Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) I call em team tustle (ready) Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) I call em team tustle It's the world, famous, supreme team show, supreme team show...{x2} (verse three) {2:28} We be the ones that your woman love We be the ones that your fellas hug We be the ones that you jellous of We be the ones with the big guns We be the ones with the six-uns You should get one We be the ones with the dirty spirits We be the ones with them bomb ass dirty lyrics We be the ones that your kids like We be the ones that make you beat your wife And hate your life (tell 'em) (chorus) {2:51} Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) I call em team tustle (yeah yeah) Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) I call em team tustle (brrrrmph) Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) I call em team tustle (uh huh) Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) I call em team tustle (automatic) uh huh, yep, uh huh, yep It's the world, famous, supreme team show, supreme team show...{x2} (outro) {3:35} You got to hustle a dot, no lie to all my people that's down to survive Gone and ride Hustle a dot, no lie, to all my people that's down to survive Gone and ride Hustle a dot, no lie, to all my people that's down to survive Gone and ride Hustle a dot, no lie, to all my people that's down to survive Gone and ride Get ya ride on (gone and ride) Hustle mang hustle mang (gone and ride) It's automatic Ice Cube; incredible, yeah I'm on the grind all the time Hustle mang, hustle mang, hustle mang= The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: War and Peace Vol. 2 (The Peace Disc) Song: 24 MC Hours Typed by: elrookus@hotmail.com [Ice Cube] Put the whoop on 'em (Ice Cube, a.k.a. Don Mega) Put the whoop on 'em (a.k.a. Poppa Don) Put the whoop on 'em (a.k.a. the Big Fish) Put the whoop on 'em (a.k.a. Brainiac) Keep it gangsta y'all, Keep it gangsta (uh huh) Keep it gangsta y'all, Keep it gangsta (Keep it gangsta) Keep it gangsta y'all, Keep it gangsta (all my life) Keep it gangsta y'all, Keep it gangsta (all my life) (verse one) {:21} Everyting is real on this concrete and steel Niggas peel your cap for a happy meal I got to deal with this ball of confusion, world of illusions We ain't losin' playa (never), weez winnin' Playin' every night when we sendin' paper chasing, grinin' While you still chasin' women 'round tables no lieutenants Use your own man grown, (hook it up) It's Ice Cube and the family stone Breakin' bread every night in L.A. And I pray, for one more day that's unate (check it) It's 90 degrees no enemies in sight Even the Don gotta fall to his knees every night (chorus) {:52} Can I get 24 more hours (can I get get) Without dealin' with these killers and these cowards (can I can can) I don't wanna loose, all i wanna do is win I fucked up today, can I try it again? (verse two) {1:03} I'm lovin' every breath like a cold sip of soda While I'm bankin' down these back streets, thanks for lookin' over Damn sure nice to know ya, fuck a four leaf clover And thanks for this range rover We gets down with this underground gangsta shit Politians and parents, always havin' a fit Everybody wanna know "who you with?" "where you from?" Why you lookin' at me dumb? Here's a bullet cuz you number one Nobody knows, the fate of a platinum rap star (nobody knows) We gotta wait until tommorow (yeah yeah) And I'm a nigga like you (yeah yeah) You know I got the bar (chorus) {1:33} Can I get 24 more hours (can I get get) Without dealin' with these killers and these cowards (can I can can) I don't wanna loose, all i wanna do is win I fucked up today, can I try it again? Put the whoop on 'em (look to allah) Put the whoop on 'em (pray to your god) Put the whoop on 'em (I look to allah) Put the whoop on 'em (pray to your god) (verse three) {1:54} Mister prosperity, these niggas wanna bury me Your bitch wanna mary me Rollin' more than a cherokee Don't, I drive what I want, and what I ain't drivin' I don't want Let it be known (let it be known) Permits hit the conk in the reagal But weez legal niggas dollars got bald eagles nigga You can't undermine Mister Grime You rappin' 'bout the same shit i rapped about in '89 Tryin' to be the new fien(d) (never), with raps complex They love you one minute and they hate you the next Push my lex thru the california sunshine Look back on my life and say "damn I done done fine" (damn) (I done done fine) (uhh) Mister Ice Cube, i'm always on the grime (always, always) The Don Mega Mega Don, Don Mega Mega Don (chorus) {2:35} Can I get 24 more hours (can I get get) Without dealin' with these killers and these cowards (can I can can) I don't wanna loose, all i wanna do is win I fucked up today, can I try it again? Keep it gangsta y'all, Keep it gangsta (keep it gangsta) Keep it gangsta y'all, Keep it gangsta (everybody) Keep it gangsta y'all, Keep it gangsta (Keep it gangsta) Keep it gangsta y'all, Keep it gangsta (all my life) (outro) {2:56} I know we can make it, I know that we can I know damn well that we can work it out I know we can make it, I know that we can I know damn well that we can work it out I know we can make it, I know that we can I know damn well that we can work it out I know we can make it, I know that we can I know damn well that we can work it out ...and we can work it out, we goan work it out my niggas work it out, help us work it out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Krayzie Bone Album: War and Peace Vol. 2 (The Peace Disc) Song: Until We Rich Typed by: Vacca@slip.net, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Krayzie Bone] Nigga the mission's to get what you don't got The struggle it don't stop, until we drop [Ice Cube] Krayzie Bone and Ice Cube.. The best thing in life in life is life (uh-huh, uh-huh) Get your mind right, and get your grind right (we gotta keep goin) [Krazyie] Hey young thugs (we gotta keep goin) Get your mind right, and get your grind right [Krazyie] Hey young thugs.. Get your mind right, and get your grind right [Ice Cube] Look into my eyes if you wanna know me Before you hypnotized, homey what do you see A figure that's just a little bigger than dealers A hustler countin figures ain't pulled no triggers Can you dig us, we be the ultimate lick We's the hitters, that make the ultimate hits Kinda floss-ey, kinda boss-ey It's gotta be done my way, do what the {fuck} I say Top of the pyramid, homey what I tell you If you leave this Westside umbrella you hit the cellar Bring me my slippers, black robe, and my globe and I could rule the world with my eyes closed (with my eyes closed..) Chorus: Krayzie Bone See the mission's to get what we don't got until we filthy rich and on top -- -- you betta go get it, it's yours Nigga the mission's to get what you don't got The struggle it don't stop until we drop [Cube]	Krazyie Bone and Ice Cube See the mission's to get what we don't got until we filthy rich and on top -- -- you betta go get it, it's yours Nigga the mission's to get what you don't got The struggle it don't stop until we drop [Ice Cube] To all the little homies that's watchin TV I see you tryin to be a O.G. like me Chasin dreams, pullin mo' schemes for wealth But the best thing in life is health, be yourself playa Television it'll keep yo' ass wishin forever  You'll never get you life together Don't talk about death, I got too much life to live Too many orders to give -- what it is, showbiz Taught you what a trick and a hoe is (WHAT?) Showed you what a Six-ty Fo' is (WHAT?) Lord knows, "In God We Trust" and everybody in the world wanna be like us (everybody) Chorus [Ice Cube] To the kids of the world that's waitin for wealth Waitin for health, you better do for self Homey that's yo' last cup Forget about the fast buck; boy, get you ass up People use yo' brain to gain Do something that ain't never been done; and we can spend hun's Wipe our ass with twenties, light our joints with ones Throw away the guns, have nuttin but fun And homey we could do that {shit}! Police have a fit, when yo' paper's legit We gotta get off the phone, we gotta teach our own Send your baby to school and she'll come back grown We got to talk to our grandma's And she'll help us throught them dark halls, and them pitfalls Everybody know we got the world to gain We got to stop the pain, lord stop the rain Chorus [Ice Cube] Keep goin, little homey why you slowin? Keep rollin, little homey why you slowin? Keep rollin, little homey why you slowin? Keep rollin, rollin, rollin, rollin [Krayzie Bone] Hey young thugs, the world is yours.. Hey young thugs, the world is yours.. Hey young thugs, the world is yours.. Yeah young thug, the world is yours.. Hey young thugs, the world is yours.. Hey young thugs, the world is yours.. Hey young thugs, the world is yours.. (get your mind right, and get your grind right) Yeah young thug, the world is yours.. Hey young thugs, the world is yours.. (Ice Cube..) Hey young thugs, the world is yours.. (the best thing in life is life) Hey young thugs, the world is yours..  (I got to say it twice) Yeah young thug, the world is yours.. (the best thing in life is life) Hey young thugs, the world is yours.. (get your mind right, and get your grind right) Hey young thugs, the world is yours.. Hey young thugs, the world is yours.. Yeah young thug, the world is yours.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Mack 10, Ms. Toi Album: Next Friday Soundtrack Song: You Can Do It Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Ice Cube] Yeah, yeah Get your ass and hurra Uh, Ice Cube baby Ninety-nine baby I'm on the grind baby All the time baby Show me something [Ms. Toi] You can do it put your back into it [Ice Cube] I can do it put your ass into it [Ms. Toi] You can do it put your back into it [Ice Cube] I can do it put your ass into it [Ms. Toi] Put your back into it [Ice Cube] Put your ass into it [Ice Cube] Tic-tic-boom Hear me banging down these back streets Bumpin' BlackSTREET, treated like a athlete Life ain't a track meet (no) it's a marathon Fuck the cemetery that a nigga get buried on We be clubbing till the day we die Nigga ask the bartender if you think we lie But if you think we high, nigga think again Cause when it's sink or swim You got to think to win And if I drink this Hen' Everybody will know it Cause I ain't going for it So pray to the Lord that I don't pull out Cuss out and bust out Go the nigga route Make the trigger shout, uh You can try to smoke an ounce to this While I pronounce this shit Baby bounce them tits Mama move them hips Baby shake them cheeks I got dick for days You got ass for weeks, yeah, yeah [Ms. Toi] (Ice Cube) Don't stop get it, get it (That's real) Don't stop nigga hit it (I will) [Ice Cube] I'm gon' do it, gon' do it Gon' do it, do it, do it [Ms. Toi] You can do it put your back into it [Ice Cube] I can do it put your ass into it [Ms. Toi] You can do it put your back into it [Ice Cube] I can do it put your ass into it [Ms. Toi] Put your back into it [Ice Cube] Put your ass into it [Ice Cube] Now all I wanna do is have fun with my loved ones The thug ones, relatives and my cousins And I got em by the dozen When they buzzin', quick to say fuck your husband This is for my niggas locked away Extra love for the ones who ain't got no date But when we hit checkmate with Ice Cube the great As soon as I get a word we can rush the safe Fuck them license plates because life is great It don't matter if you're rich and your folks ain't straight I'm still coming with that underground gangsta shit No matter how many niggas say we ain't the shit, bitch [Ms. Toi] (Ice Cube) Don't stop get it, get it (That's real) Don't stop nigga hit it (I will) [Ice Cube] I'm gon' do it, gon' do it Gon' do it, do it, do it [Ms. Toi] You can do it put your back into it [Ice Cube] I can do it put your ass into it [Ms. Toi] You can do it put your back into it [Ice Cube] I can do it put your ass into it [Ms. Toi] Put your back into it [Ice Cube] Put your ass into it [Mack 10] I do hard core rhyming, hard time grinding With will I pimp hoes Other niggas wine and dine them Gotta love this pup shit Passing the mud shit Pockets on flood shit OG lyrical blood shit I don't rent I buy shit Niggas jealous of my shit You unaware of this young nigga getting all the fly shit While you're rooting and recruiting Nigga 6-8 whooping I was in the hood shooting cause I had the wife whooping I come from padres gold in oversized jars I past up strife and got star awards No time for playa hating, Mack paper chasing Came out the substation to the hip hop nation The mo' hits the mo' bigga with illegal weight figga Done develop the status of a platinum plus nigga Bust the first asshole to show I can hit it I keep pushing, don't quit it Don't stop till I get it [Ms. Toi] (Ice Cube) Don't stop get it, get it (That's real) Don't stop nigga hit it (I will) [Ice Cube] I'm gon' do it, gon' do it Gon' do it, do it, do it [Ms. Toi] You can do it put your back into it [Ice Cube] I can do it put your ass into it [Ms. Toi] You can do it put your back into it [Ice Cube] I can do it put your ass into it [Ms. Toi] You can do it put your back into it [Ice Cube] I can do it put your ass into it [Ms. Toi] You can do it put your back into it [Ice Cube] I can do it put your ass into it [Ms. Toi] (Ice Cube) Don't stop get it, get it (That's real) Don't stop nigga hit it (I will) [Ice Cube] I'm gon' do it, gon' do it Gon' do it, do it, do it [Ms. Toi] You can do it put your back into it [Ice Cube] I can do it put your ass into it [Ms. Toi] You can do it put your back into it [Ice Cube] I can do it put your ass into it Put your ass into it We be clubbing Freaky gyration is close to fornication We be clubbing Freaky gyration is close to fornication Yeah uh-huh, Ice Cube, Westside Connection Know how we do? We puttin' it down, constantly Get your ass up and hurra The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: War and Peace Vol. 2 (The Peace Disc) Song: Gotta Be Insanity Typed by: elrookus@hotmail.com [Ice Cube] Uhh, gotta get it...uhhh....hmmm....get it, get it --baby-- (verse one) {:21} Stab thru the neighborhood, these spinin' Weez winin', scrap with the John Lennon Head rests, TV's in 'em Best in the nation, on this playstation The Don Daata, gotta get you hotter Been a buck naked nigga smokin' water On a friday, the get high day Blowin' at a hot date, findin' Shade Black and bicantay, with ass everwhere, how you do that there? A sight to behold, break the mold Just tryin' to get some before the world explode I see you tryin' to get caught Well shake what your mama gave ya, plus what you bought We fuck and we fought, we laugh and we cry Told the truth and we lie (chorus) {:57} You be good to me, i'll be good to you Anything you want, anything you do I got my eyes on you, and i'm in to you Give it all I got, and to keep it hot (verse two) {1:15} Now what a freak like you, doin' with a fool like me? Explain it to your family It's got to be insanity --because I like what you're doing to me-- You know you ain't right standin' at the light Think it's chocolate with that shit too tight And if I fuck around and get you in the car with me Motherfuckers would think I had a star with me Now see the haterism increase They hate when you got a dime piece And I got one shotgun, and I might catch a hot one When i'm lookin' for love and niggas got none, uhh If you let me handcuff your wrist Bonnie and Clyde ain't got shit on this Cuz Bonnie and Clyde had to take a risk But most of my money see it's all legit --baby-- It's all about your state of mind Now what would you do if I handed you a tech nine? Are you feelin' me? Would you stay down like Hillary? Even if you thought about killin' me? (chorus) {2:02} You be good to me, i'll be good to you Anything you want, anything you do I got my eyes on you, and i'm in to you Give it all I got, and to keep it hot (verse three) {2:19} Now what a freak like you, doin' with a fool like me? Explain it to your family It's got to be insanity --because I like what you're doing to me-- Are you the type of girl that would call them folks Have your man leave the house in chains and ropes Don't need the kind of girl that'll have me in court On lawsuits lyin' about demestic abuse Have a bitch like Judge Judy cussin' me out Garnish my cheques, reposses my lex Cuz I come from a place in southern Californi Where hoes rake niggas for tons of alimoni But fuck the world don't aks me for shit Unless you my boo, and i'm fuckin' you The rest of these broads ain't knowin' That i'm a have you bumpin' Lauryn, in somethin' foreign Come thru blow the horn Stick your wrists out the window And wave to your kinfolks Let 'em know who you with And to your crazy ass daddy, let him know who to get (chorus) {3:06} You be good to me, i'll be good to you Anything you want, anything you do I got my eyes on you, and i'm in to you Give it all I got, and to keep it hot Now what a freak like you, doin' with a fool like me? Explain it to your family It's got to be insanity --because I like what you're doing to me-- {repeat last 3 lines, 4 times} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: War & Peace Vol. 2 (The Peace Disc) Song: Roll All Day Typed by: elrookus@hotmail.com [Ice Cube] I got a full tank of unleaded {repeat 4X} Now we could roll all day, if I could ride all night ---I got a full tank of unleaded--- {repeat} [Verse One] I see you walkin' and I'm damn near stalkin' You a chicken head and I'm chicken hawkin', now we talkin' 'Bout your unlucky background And how your ex-boyfriend is smokin' crack now (why) I'm very very sympathetic But baby where you headed? ---I got a full tank of unleaded--- She got in and had ass for days like ---BOOM, BAM, GOD, DAMN!--- She asks me would I harm her; no, I'm a charmer A fuckin knight in shining armour We went out and had a blast, everytime she walked past Nigga got a quick fast glimpse of that ass ("what choo wanna do after this?") I wanna get your titties in my fist But you wanna kiss Your mouth might taste like dick (ewww) And I grew up on bad WIC, trick [Chorus: repeat 2X] Now we could roll all day, if I could ride all night ---I got a full tank of unleaded--- [Verse Two] Niggas that I know don't kiss no hoes Niggas that I know don't buy no clothes Niggas that I know don't fuck no pros Niggas that I know roll coupes and fours (yeah) Pull them panties off your hips Pussy deep as crips And 'bout as wide as my grip Never ever get me with that whip appeal They got a pants full of black steel Am I too real? You like dick I know you do Wanna bring out the hoe in you I know what you're goin' thru You already think you're cree-al You should learn to suck this like Vanessa Del Rio Aww, you thought I was a nice guy But shit, I was around eight, with bitches gettin' laid If I wrap my dick in plastic Now, how wide can that ass get? It's gettin' drastic [Verse Three] Should of picked up an old girl that I know That's what I get for fucking with you young hoes About to get an attitude, what's happenin? Baby how you actin'? Let's get it crackin' (c'mon) No? Well then bitch you got to go I put her ass out, on imperial Hoe slammed my door, next to Texaco Kick my lex-o, broke my window Put out my indo Jumped out and said "bitch are you crazy?" Fucked around and got lazy She jumped in my car, took off, now I'm stuck And all I want to do was fuck (damn....) I had to stroll all day, I had to walk all night ---I had a full tank of unleaded--- {repeat} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: War and Peace Vol. 2 (The Peace Disc) Song: Can You Bounce Typed by: elrookus@hotmail.com --Bounce it bounce it, shake it shake it Wiggle wiggle, Make it jiggle, just a little-- [Ice Cube] Baby baby can you bouce to this (bounce) Fuck around and smoke an ounce to this (bounce) Turn it up, we can clown to this Throw your hands in the air if you down with this (verse one) {:20} I hear you bragin 'bout the money you foldin' Same nigga that be kissin' my colon When you picture me rollin' Nigga picture me holdin', pure heat like Nolan They call me Poppa Doctor See your bitch and i knock her I collect them like Pokemon >From Nokishan, accept the ones with no behind You can keep 'em, keep 'em from creepin' where i'm sleepin' Same bitch and same club every weekend Same drink, same dress, brainless What would you do if i handed you a stainless Can't fuck with a girl that's gameless Would you tell the po-po's what my name is Baby baby can you bouce to this (baby bounce) Fuck around and smoke an ounce to this (smoke an ounce) Turn it up, we can clown to this Throw your hands in the air if you down with this (yeah yeah) --Bounce it bounce it, shake it shake it Wiggle wiggle, Make it jiggle, just a little-- {repeat} (verse two) {1:12} Don't stop get it get it I'm not the kind to get jiggy with it I'm the kind to get niggy with it I'm a show you what it's all about, trick! Shake yo' ass till your curls fall out, bitch! Don't pretend you can live without, dick! Come with me ain't no doubt that i'm, rich! Whatchoo goan do in the early 'morn When the lights come on, and your drink is gone Do you think you grown Think we convone (?) It's a party at my house i got drinks at home Get to undressin', pull out the lethal weapon Look you in the eye and i aks you one question Baby baby can you bouce to this (bounce) Fuck around and smoke an ounce to this (what choo smokin' on?) Turn it up, we can clown to this Throw your hands in the air if you down with this --Bounce it bounce it, shake it shake it Wiggle wiggle, Make it jiggle, just a little-- {repeat} (Jay-Z sample) ---"Bounce, bitch, bounce wit me wit me...can ya"---{repeat} (verse three) {2:15} Who that nigga that be in the club every week Who that cheep mutherfucker won't buy you a drink Who that bitch dressed like a freak but she won't speak Who that hoe think she is, like her shit don't stink Who that player on the floor, sweatin' in all silk Who that girl showin' tits, like she got milk Who that hater in the corner, always on tilt Who that fool in the parking lot about to get killed (yeah) Baby baby can you bouce to this (can you bounce) Fuck around and smoke an ounce to this (blaze one) Turn it up, we can clown to this Throw your hands in the air if you down with this (if you down with this) Baby baby can you bouce to this (huh) Fuck around and smoke an ounce to this (dogg best C.G.(?) Turn it up, we can clown to this Throw your hands in the air if you down with this --Bounce it bounce it, shake it shake it Wiggle wiggle, Make it jiggle, just a little-- {repeat} yeah, Ice Cube (bounce it, bounce it...) (Jay-Z sample) ---"Bounce, bitch, bounce wit me wit me...can ya"---{repeat} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: War and Peace Vol. 2 (The Peace Disc) Song: Record Company Pimpin' Typed by: elrookus@hotmail.com [Ice Cube] Please listen to my demo {x8} A nigga told me, the record company's the pimp The artist is the hoe, The stage is the corner And the audience is the trip, god damn (verse one) {:21} Incredible young nigga, you can't belive i'm just one nigga God damn i've gotten bigger Intellect superior, Walk in a room and make the whole interior, inferior If you look me in my eyes You might fuck around and loose control of your mind body and your soul Grab ahold Undisputed on the microphone, what choo think If you wink, i'll make you ich think Did you blink, did you ever drink your own brain matter Shotgun enima, this ain't no cinema All praises due to the creator --for this man here, that can't no nigga stand near-- True, inventor of the double-you What choo wanna do, i got the red and the blue Show me one nigga dedicated to raps I'll show you ten niggas dedicated to snaps Record company death traps settin' decoys Just to pimp young b-boys With a cup full of yak, studio contact Maniac with a contract Well turn up the bass and the motherfuckin' treble About to do a deal with the devil for my vocal level Bullshit points, plus he want to rub it in And take all my publishin', god damn Do i take it up the rectum Just to rock the spectrum Give up a right arm, just to do a form Hell no, all you motherfukers goan leave this bitch limpin' No more, record company pimpin' No more (No more), record company pimpin' No more (No more), record company pimpin' No more (No more), record company pimpin' No more No more No more No more You ain't pimpin' me (uhn uhh, uhn uhh) I ain't pimpin' you (uhn uhh, uhn uhh) I just wanna be free (i just wanna be free) So what we gonna do (can i holla at you, holla at you) You ain't pimpin' me (please listen to my demo) I ain't pimpin' you (please listen to my demo) I just wanna be free (i just wanna be free) So what we gonna do (can i holla at you, holla at you) (verse two) {2:01} I'ma keep it simple, it went from "please listen to my demo" To "get your ass out my limo" Stretch presidential It's essential cuz the record company will have your ass in a rental If you let 'em, You have to behead 'em Contracts you never read 'em CEO's you never met 'em Sent to an atourney, Burnstein and Burney Nigga that's his lawyer, ain't got nothin' for ya Treat ya like they emloy ya, i'm a warrior Bite you in the ass like a Georgetown Hoya When they ignore ya cause, you got to hold your balls Catch a motherfucker slippin' in bathroom stalls And then you show 'em that you ain't a rookie Let 'em know that you'd rather have, more points than more pussy Pimp turned bookie Now how the fuck i get in so much debt God damn, we just met Welcome to the rap game Motherfucker be confused and broke before he know whats happenin' You can be the star and fuck women I'ma just play the back and keep winnin' No more (No more), record company pimpin' No more (No more), record company pimpin' No more (No more), record company pimpin' No more No more No more No more You ain't pimpin' me (please listen to my demo) I ain't pimpin' you (please listen to my demo) I just wanna be free (i just wanna be free) So what we gonna do (i got to holla at you, holla at you) You ain't pimpin' me (uhn uhh, uhn uhh) I ain't pimpin' you (uhn uhh, uhn uhh) I just wanna be free (i just wanna be free) So what we gonna do (can i holla at you, holla at you) It went from please listen to my demo To get your ass out my limo {x4} (outro) {3:43} Mama's, don't let your kids grow up to be rappers Unless you tell them if they gonna get in this buisness They better learn this buisness Or they goan get fucked Simple as that Simple as that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: War and Peace Vol. 2 (The Peace Disc) Song: Waitin' Ta Hate Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (Ain't no 'California Love') (Love) (Love)... I see them niggas You see them niggas? I see them niggas Look at them niggas just waitin to hate (wait) Waitin to hate, waitin to hate (look at them niggas) Look at them bitches just waitin to hate (wait) Waitin to hate (wait) waitin to hate [ VERSE 1 ] Get your ride on, ride on This ain't the day for you to die on, die on I'm a nigga that they lie on, lie on See these shoes you wanna try on, try on Yo, we can go to war with the enemy All we need is A.K.s and Hennessy This ain't back in the days of Tennessee Pull the trigger and release the energy ( *shots* ) See muthafuckas run till they catch one In the back, and it might cause a cardiac Bitch act like he died and we brought him back Him screamin for his mama and his sister pack Flatline - These niggas wanna act like They ain't never had a full can of act-right Make me pull out my gat, right And smoke his muthafuckin ass like a crackpipe So what you sayin, muthafucka? We ain't playin, muthafucka A.K.'in muthafuckas So what you sayin, muthafucka? We ain't playin, muthafucka A.K.'in muthafuckas Look at them niggas just waitin to hate (wait) Waitin to hate, waitin to hate (look at them niggas) Look at them bitches just waitin to hate (hate) Waitin to hate (hate) waitin to hate [ VERSE 2 ] Get your smoke on, smoke on Here's another verse to choke on, choke on To all my niggas in the pen, get your yoke on To all my thugs in the house, get your loc on We can really give a fuck about a broke home All we care about is bitches we can poke on Nigga, what's that bullshit that you spoke on? Better roll on 'fore we split your whole dome Cause you're fuckin with Ice Cube the Terrible Fuck around, I make your life unbearable Make you live all scary and careful Come through my neighborhood, you better tip-toe Cause if you loud, then you might get chased down Westside Connection catch a case now Po-po's find your monkey ass face down Tell your mama that you in a better place now So what you sayin, muthafucka? We ain't playin, muthafucka A.K.'in muthafuckas So what you sayin, muthafucka? We ain't playin, muthafucka A.K.'in muthafuckas Look at them niggas just waitin to hate (wait) Waitin to hate (hate) waitin to hate (look at them niggas) Look at them bitches just waitin to hate (wait) Waitin to hate (hate) waitin to hate (look at them bitches) (Ain't no 'California Love') (Love) (Love) 'You can hate me now' (Ain't no 'California Love') Ah-ah (Love) (Love) [ VERSE 3 ] To all my niggas with the lleyo They rock it up like Play-Doh They cook it up like Waco Better do what I say so Better lay low, cause you fuckin with a halo Death to the niggas with the big mouth And death to you devils from the Old South And death to you hoes turnin tricks out And death everyone that go the bitch route Check it If you infected by this record Bow down butt-naked And pray to God Ice Cube won't spare the rod Westside Connection here to mob, nigga, rob We can take it to the streets We can take it to the concrete You niggas know where the Don be You bitches ain't tryin to find me All you haters need to shut the fuck up and get behind me Look at them niggas just waitin to hate (look at em) Waitin to hate (look) waitin to hate (look at them niggas) Look at them bitches just waitin to hate (ugh) Waitin to hate (ugh) waitin to hate So what you sayin, muthafucka? We ain't playin, muthafucka A.K.'in muthafuckas So what you sayin, muthafucka? We ain't playin, muthafucka A.K.'in muthafuckas This is dedicated  To them haters Who ain't gon' kill nothin And who ain't gon' let nothin die You know em You know em When you see Ice Cube you better holla And pop a collar When you see Ice Cube you better holla And pop a collar The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: War and Peace Vol. 2 (The Peace Disc) Song: The Nigga of the Century Typed by: elrookus@hotmail.com [Ice Cube] Say you little son of a bitch, what choo tryin' to be? --when i'm big i wanna be a thug-- --you wanna be a thug, huh?! (yeah yeah) What choo know (about) a thug, huh?! (yeah yeah) You wanna see the bad guy?! Look at Ice Cube (yeah yeah), that's the bad guy! You need people like him, can point cha fingas! Huh?! (yeah yeah) the fuck you know about this shit?! You ready to die?! O - K A Y Where is that, you ready? Cuz they ain't touch the bad guy!!! oKay?-- I'm the nigga of the century --oh, so zhuu a bad guy, c'mon prove it c'mon, you think you bad? How bad you are?!-- I'm the nigga of the century -c'mon lets see how bad you are c'mon bad guy! C'MOAWNL!!!-- (verse one) {:41} We the worsest, all purpose You want murderers? well you Serve us, hattin' motherfuckers with curb dust You heard us, don't shit make us nervous Not even when these fuckin' feds try to serve us Mention me, when you write it in your history As a nigger with the key to the mistery Grand motta ain word don't mean shit to me Who gives a fuck what they think, and what they see Live how i got to live Give what i got to give Teach my kids positive, as well as the negative Hope to raise better kids The world needs a seditive, pray to god that we let him live --Cuz you bad guy!--	I'm the nigga of the century --The diamond scruff!--	All you niggas better mention me --Me that's who!--	It ain't no mystery Goin' down in history, niggas better mention me --You better mention me!--	I'm the nigga of the century --O - K A Y !!!--		All you niggas better mention me --Me that's who!--	  It ain't no mystery Goin' down in history, niggas better mention me (verse two) {1:32} A nigga told me to keep hope alive Survive, and 95 'ill get you paradise So i tried, nigga had to swallow his pride But look into my eyes, i'm too wise to cook fries Twelveth grade graduation, summer vacation Mama said get the facin' on them applications Didn't know back then, i was too young Public school made me dumb as a motherfucker What should i do in my life Reverend Price, do you got some advice Before i roll the dice A nigga don't wanna shoot craps, cuz it ain't all fun and games When you tryin' to get that money mang Gangbang, maintain or slang cane T.V. got a nigga where he can't use his brain What the fuck you talkin' bout, choose or loose Bitch i don't know the motherfuckin' rules! (for real) --Cuz you bad guy!--	I'm the nigga of the century --The diamond scruff!--	All you niggas better mention me --Me that's who!--	It ain't no mystery Goin' down in history, niggas better mention me --You better mention me!--	I'm the nigga of the century --O - K A Y !!!--		All you niggas better mention me --Me that's who!--	  It ain't no mystery Goin' down in history, niggas better mention me (verse three) {2:36} Who am i when it's do or die You can see a man's sould thru the human eye Can't spend all your lifetime gettin' high Cuz you and i got to do, for you and i Acktin' wild as a jevenile Now my whole life depends on the outcome of a trial Wait-pow! these people ain't playin' now Got to bring 85 percent of the time now Fuck that, rather roll with the ruff pack In the jet black, listenin' to ruff rap See it's quite simple, you bitches ass niggas don't know What i've been thru, the weather's presedential The warfare's mental, i sell my soul to the lord For the perfect instrumental And the number two pencil And all the hussle found in chromasones of my kinfolk --Cuz you bad guy!--	I'm the nigga of the century --The diamond scruff!--	All you niggas better mention me --Me that's who!--	It ain't no mystery Goin' down in history, niggas better mention me --You better mention me!--	I'm the nigga of the century --O - K A Y !!!--		All you niggas better mention me --Me that's who!--	  It ain't no mystery Goin' down in history, niggas better mention me --yeah, ok ok ok ok, call loko take it easy mang, choo got it! Choo leave it the fuckin' illest nigga to fuckin' shit you! Dess no problem withs that! gawn'na fuck dat! June have a fuckin' heart attack It's over! EVERYBODY KNOWS NOW! It's no fuckin' secret Joo know dis motherfucker, O - K A Y ?!! It's over! that's it, die !!! BANG !!! BANG !!! BANG !!! BANG !!! BANG !!!-- (Ice Cube - 'Pushsin Weight' sample) {4:03} ~I got that bomb...bomb...tit-tit... Tity-tit...tity-tity...tity bomb...bomb...bomb  w-when I hit you uhh uhh uhh...~ The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection f/ Keith David Album: Terrorist Threats   Song: Threats to the World (Intro) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Keith David] The threat to the world is not over As we speak, our future is in great danger Ice Cube, Mack 10 and W.C. are... MASTERS OF GANGSTERIZM!! A group of organized street thugs turned buisness men The Gangster, The Killa, and the Dope Dealer! Through out the western hemisphere  Connection cells had been multiplying faster then anticipated! World domnination is a true reality we must face,  it is...upon us. Now, it's time to define some expressions!! Capitalism, Materialism, and Imperialism Our world must never fall in the hands of the WESTSIDE CONNECTION. So what the fuck we gon do now? What the fuck are we gonna do now?  (*Gun Cocked and shot*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Terrorist Threats Song: Call 9-1-1 Typed by: westcoastrydah71@hotmail.com [Chorus - Ice Cube] This right here is considered a banger Delivered With anger, your life is in danger Beware of them strangers, holdin' them flamers Them naggers were swagger, cuz they keep it gangsta [Verse 1 - Ice Cube] Just face it, I blaze shit Yo shit is basic, my shit is matrix Make you erase shit Niggaz won't say shit, but DJs you ain't shit Cuz you don't play shit, unless it's that gay shit I'm straight off the slave ship, my style is ancient I'm rich and I'm famous, I'm on, I'm dangerous I came wit that language, it's mad, it's brainless You study at Cambridge, I'm fuckin' yo main bitch Plus my ebonics is full, of gin and tonic, erotic Yeah you got it, hypnotic, plus I got it, brrr After nine eleven niggaz got patriotic On nine twelve I'm like fuck it nigga blaze the chronic [Hook - Ice Cube] Call nine eleven, then call your reverand Then call heaven, here I come lord Live by the gun, die by the gun A eye for an eye when you live and die by this war [Chorus - Ice Cube] This right here is considered a banger Delivered With anger, your life is in danger Beware of them strangers, holdin' them flamers Them naggers were swagger, cuz they keep it gangsta [Verse 2 - Mack 10] Yeah, now it's the mornin' after the night I just rolled 9-1-1 ain't a area code it's a gangsta mode And I'm still in amazement on how I put it down Emptied	round after round rat-tat-tat was the sound Now understand the situation, it was urgent We, handeled this emergency urgently I can't just have no nigga out there just workin' me, jerkin' me Talkin' all kind of shit, dishin dirt on me, shit He was a local nigga sheisty and didn't wanna pay up So I got dressed in all black and loaded the K up And all I could think about is revenge as I lit the J up And even though it was late night, I still fucked his whole day up It was child's play, the youngster took me for a joke Not knowin' Mack a maniac and I love the gun smoke Make sparks in my barrel, shit flew through his apparel Stupid motherfucker lost his life over dinero [Hook - Ice Cube] Call nine eleven, then call your reverand Then call heaven, here I come lord Live by the gun, die by the gun A eye for an eye when you live and die by this war [Chorus - Ice Cube] This right here is considered a banger Delivered With anger, your life is in danger Beware of them strangers, holdin' them flamers Them naggers were swagger, cuz they keep it gangsta [Verse 3 - WC] It ain't safe no fuckin' mo' I swear on everything I love, my hood, my momma, my soul This motherfuckin' Dub, is hall of bang nigga, I claim nigga Like PCP to the brain, it's like kel runnin my fame nigga White lightnin' I'm sippin', snickerin', slippin' the crip And like a fiend, I tremble, shiver and them blow your doam to smitherens Act up, no actor, starch crease ragger Dick harder than viagra, Dub push your ick backwards Connect alumni, but the gun high Bloods and crips and when we touch down we turn niggaz hoods 'til the guy says grip Squeeze lead, to the y'all dead, cuz I'm fucked up in the can and I Fuck a bitch over whether she can blew or all red The industry most hated, nigga get at us, we ready, Dub, Mack and Cube Like Saddam, Bin Laden and no jag in the Chevy Back again, momma there go that man again Grab the gun, them niggaz on one Call 9-1-1 [Chorus - Ice Cube] This right here is considered a banger Delivered With anger, your life is in danger Beware of them strangers, holdin' them flamers Them naggers were swagger, cuz they keep it gangsta The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Terrorist Threats Song: Potential Victims Typed by: jurassic5rap2nwarap@yahoo.com (Voice-Over) Ice Cube, WC and Mack 10 The gangsta, the killa and the dope dealer Got 'em', look nigga, you fitted the scription This is dedicated to potential victims Because who's the fiction, ain't no fiction Too much bitching, get your ass beat into submission [Ice Cube] [Chorus] To all my white niggaz, to all my light niggaz To all my dark niggaz, I'm trying to spark niggaz I want to shot niggaz, Not to mark niggaz Fuck the park niggaz, I want your heart niggaz [WC] The hood most sine able, carnage and hymeneal, prep nigga Prosecuted from making your brain sweat nigga And Crocker sense is the westside nickel Were proud of you bitches of the back of the window, yeah [Ice Cube] From Mo Jay, to MJ and Michael Tyson They fucked up Saddam like my nigga gangsta mind You don't have to be a Taliban to fill the per tarn Don't walk the double-u, victims of the rare black and blue [Mack 10] I kicks in the door, waving a automatic I'm mad as fuck, weaving hard as a asthmatic Attitudes unpredictable, behaviour is boratic Could snap at any time, and right now I ain't had it, bitch [Voice-Over] Make no mistake about it, your life has just been threatened (echo) [WC] I clock-ed the camera, fuckin up the camera was working the things Like holding was drama dirtied my name Mo money, mo drama, my nigga fuck the hype, flash the light I'm Dub-C connected to the afterlife, c'mon [Ice Cube] You look hard, act hard, in the backyard front yard, lunch card, but the nigga run hard I run yards, punk guards, nigga so large If I get caught, nigga no charge [Mack 10] Here come a westcoast gangsta means cagey and creases Plus a pink slip nigga, you punks is leases My wife bentley got peanut butter guts like Reece's Blood peeled niggaz is red like endangered species, fucker [Voice-Over] In his age of terror, fear is the killer One thing remains constant The Westside motherfucking Connection You might as well keep it gangsta They've got a small under surveillance Bitch you know the side World motherfucking wide [Voice-Over] Too many lost Too many lost The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection f/ Nate Dogg Album: Terrorist Threats Song: Gangsta Nation Typed by: lil_g_4life23@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Ice Cube - talking] Consider this an invitation, to my gangsta nation [Nate Dogg] Na na na na na na na na (Westside) Na na na na na na na na (ohh ohh) Na na na na na na na na (what what) Na na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na na (yeah yeah) Na na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na na This day right here is really rough These girls out here about the bucks These fools out here afraid to bust I have no fear, afraid of what And in five beers I'm comin' up Fools talk real loud but don't run up When we come through they'd run it up We still right here don't fresh your luck [W.C.] Homey I'm tired of the cowards parkin like this walkin like this From the concrete when they chalkin' like this And there he goes and a trick pose and a throw back Holdin' a gack ain't gonna bust and know that It's a dub ass C thang dub C brain And we don't kick it but bust it and kaki jeans strains I'm done movin I'm clearin the crowd It's the who bangin bandana cri-mi-ni-mi-nal, the ori-gi-nal [Mack 10] Evacuate the building look here come a plane No, it's the big bad Westside Connect Gang And bump what you plain homey this who bang With enough game to drive a swear broad insane And we number one gunners no we ain't stunners It's real with us partna, dealers and drug runners And Mack need a? in a H2 Hummer Lookin hotter than the South Central L.A. summer, let's go This day right here is really rough These girls out here about the bucks These fools out here afraid to bust I have no fear, afraid of what And in five beers I'm comin' up Fools talk real loud but don't run up When we come through they'd run it up We still right here don't fresh your luck [Ice Cube] What the hell is Ice Cube talkin about That's how you get these here parked in you mouth Westside ride trick, the same old spit I don't conversate with chicks I ain't goin hit I don't holla at these pros that sing like Ashante Body like Beyonce, face like Andre (uhhh) You kinda but I'm with so my Andre got to be bomb rate [W.C.] Have you seen us, naw Haters can't see us Connect Gang we the G'est nigga Countless calls and countless charges Street niggas makin blunts out of Cuban cigars Big by the linnas sip notic by the liters With a flock of pros on us cause the cronic is And to my G's incarcerated and on probation I'ma stay bagin for the whole G Nation nigga Mack 10] It's a Gangsta Nation if you in you a G And the whole world influence by the b in the sea Now tell the truth rappers you don't bow like me Cause I'm really from the gang ya'll is industry And while I'm servin up and comin young hustlas and gluckas Bangin for the hood causin havic and ruckus You fools actin label kissin up like suckas And your trick solder down when you pee lil bustas [Ice Cube] One thing I do know I ain't the uno Big puno rap sumo on pruno (you know) I'd like to thank the congregation In my affiliation to the Gangsta Nation I'm hard on them, yeah I'm ruthless You like a stress sac, boy you useless You know the side trick, better get up on it Cause it must be a single with Nate Dogg singin on it [Mack 10] Look check this out man We got a Gangsta Nation goin down over here So ya'll might as well bow down And join this Westside thang man Cause once you get with this Partna you as G as can be Believe that homeboy It's like that Fred Red, what I'd tell you homey It ain't a hit till Nate Dogg spit [Nate Dogg + (Ice Cube)] This day right here is really rough These girls out here about the bucks These fools out here afraid to bust I have no fear, afraid of what And in five beers I'm comin' up Fools talk real loud but don't run up When we come through they'd run it up We still right here don't fresh your luck Na na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na na (Consider this an invitation, to my gangsta nation) Na na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na na The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Terrorist Threats Song: Get Ignit Typed by: kingptr@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Security, you all might as well throw me out this bitch right now "Scratching" Westsiiide [Ice Cube] My garage, is not a mirage I got a car collage for my entourage We like, Dolomite when we stop at the light 'Cause the rims keep spinning And the bitches keep grinning And these niggas keep winning, so they must be sinning 'Cause all they do is party with a whole lot of women now My grandmomma even called me a dummy A ignorant little bastard, how I'm spending my money I tell her, That's right you ain't as fly as your grandson Handsome with a pocket full of randsome It ain't tricking if you got it, pull it out your pocket Baby, drop it like a hydrolic, shake it like you Super Sonic MAke me pshychotic when that booty look bionic So if you see the crowd moving nigga don't get scared, it's just us players, c'mon Just like your figures, I'm with my niggas And we all with it, GET IGNIT To all the bootyshakers, to all the moneymakers Fuck the undertakers, GET IGNIT Shake it all around, turn the party out Pour Bacardi out, GET IGNIT If you full grown, and you trying to bone Fuck going home, GET IGNIT [Mack 10] I teach them way mean for the green More muscle than a hawk, and whether it's soft or hard I seals it all in for And it ain't no sinking, we puts it down in front of ya With a D cartel from CAli to Columbia And I'm so hood with it, man it's hard to explain Accuse anybody, my old geez is to blame And I'm so cold with it, its like ice in my vains Me deep in the game, I put a price on your brain See me, I can double up twice with them things Put her on a plane with them strapped tight to a frame Fuck it, even move them on the bus or the train Mack dime, the dope man, pushing dust 'till cane When I bust throught green yards, when I'm back I'm fat Got that rubber band cabbage, ten thousand a stack I know them folks owe me homey, got me under attack I'm still pulling on a Cuban with a big cover yack [WC] Hit like Richter, king ignit Who the nigga drinking yard liquor Hitting up the nerighborhood watch members Zoamed out with the candy broam out Rag on my mirror with the brains blown out Dub Cizzle, I'm in this streets not industry It'll make no remedy for this penetentary tendencies Bang loose with the strapped car keys Seven figure nigga still bailing through the swap meat Janky, I'm feeling the hanky, in the six double zero Smoking weed, eating chilly cheese Frito's When we're leathel, diamond great styles get you laid off Fuck with Dub nigga, I'll knock your fresh braids off Keep it understood, I bang the hood No false hood, it's all good On my mind I keep it all hood Getting it, pussy I'm hitting it, drinking 'till I'm belligerent Turn the stuff and watch Dub get Ignit Keep it understood, I bang the hood No false hood, it's all good On my mind I keep it all hood (2X) GET IGNIT 'scratch' Westsiiide The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Terrorist Threats Song: Pimp the System Typed by: jg_lms@hotmail.com Hold on let me see what this daddy here Ok this the bitch here right now you know what i'm saying Hey bitch, what's happening Yea bitch, yea yea bitch I told you, I told you were gonna get it I told you you were gonna be able to get it Don't you worry about it I already know what you trying to say bitch Yea bitch yea bitch only thing you do bitch is just go to work Had on my bussines, get my money and don't get me no problems And everything gonna be alright (Whooa, pimp the system) Because it ain't easy man It may look glamour to you cause you see me ridin' Snake skin down to the floor you hear Platinum shoes and more Diamonds on fingers and watches on arms I'm telling you it may look easy baby But you gonna have to work hard To get to this point See you at the top [Ice cube] I never pimp a ho, nigga pimp a CEO Be my He-e-ro, make me mad as ze-e-ro Im that ne-e-gro making it like itchy-ro Ain't got time for no bow ass bitchy ho Go to G-e-sale fuckin with them e-e-mails I'd rather get my shit wide nigga e-e-mail Fuck a sex slavior make what I just made That bitch had to sell her pussy for a decade And that's too much time for the brainy one I'm on a daily run To crack your cranium Wrap uranium Ain't nothin else I pimp the system Bitch break yourself If they got scrilla Then I'm gorilla If they figure I'm a killa Cause I'm a nigga Your prostitutes wear high heeled boots My prostitutes wear three piece suits Count your money nigga [Butch Cassidy - Chorus] Pimp the system cause the game is grossing Everyone listen to what we're proposing Quit the quickness, we'll trick the system Skills that will impress'em and make this slaves victims Oh no no no No more hesitation cause our game is stronger Taking over On top of the world they'll never take us under [Mack 10] Bitch I'm a pimp Mack daddy looking for the dollar And that thirteen I drove a 6-4 impala Gangsta Young motherfucker full of izm always dicking I don't kiss them, twsting, pimping the system So vp's and presidents wherever you are Just cut a fucking check and I can bring you a star Then read up on the deal, make them throw in the car I got a young lawyer bitch she just passed the bar See I'm a pure rare pimp, but I told them I got Young homie pussy don't pay you like EMI Mack find the ho Then sign the ho Then put the bitch out and steady grind the ho Hit the radio jack and then just like that Bitch bring money back when the ass on the track A pro watch them come And I watch them go And if you don't pimp the system Then you's a ho, whoa [WC] Bitch better have my money nigga I'm starv-o I'm hard on the game like I'm hard on the cold I treat rap like a trick Nigga the tag on the bitch Wrap through you rich King Kong The can of the bitch State your order Wipe them off and put them on a corner And if she good I take her on tour bring me ebona I'm a rider, gangsta, wall spray painter True banger, got nam-e, taking out enemies with my fingers Now feds and undies when the gummy thristy homies Looking funny I converted the street like the rap money And now is all about the benjis and with this pen Like pussy I pimp this lyrics like pimping cane Leaning in my cadillac Buffing on a De la Hoya checking ? for neighboors and high power lawyers Cause i don't trust a bitch I'm trying to stay way rich Break the bitch nigga Break this bitch Pimp the system [Ice cube] My nigga Mack said Pimp stands for put it in my pocket So that's what i'm gonna do While ya'll thinking about bitches in corners I'm thinking about the beach and coronas You know what I'm saying The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection f/ K Mac Album: Terrorist Threats Song: Don't Get Outta Pocket Typed by: crazyniga@blackplanet.com * * send corrections to the typist [Ice Cube-Repeat 2x] We live in la la, We smokin la la Fuck wit the da, Boo boo ba ba Nigga, Ha ha! Get outta pocket, We might just whup yo ass Pull out a rocket, We might just take yo cash And when I cock it, We might step out and blast But we ain't gon let that bullshit pass [Ice Cube] I used to be a young phenom, Like lebron Now I'm doin shit beyond, Geghis Kahn Peon, You can't pass on deon The best rapper in the world ain't a european [Mack 10] Look, Respect my gangsta, Nigga obey And I been rich since my first pro day, Ask o shea West ridin is my fotay And will the hustle ever stop? Nigga, No way [W.C.] Niggaz can't fuck wit dub s c Gang related and leavin 'em leakin like stds C-Walkin out of the sc, Lettin the tech breathe Till I rest in peace, Dub gon rep these streets [K Mac] K Mac is the one, Nigga fuck neo No love, Hit 'em up with the dub wherever we go My game so cold, The hoes call me sub zero Oh, You know that nigga pimpin ken? That's my hero [Chorus] - 2X [Ice Cube] It's catastrophic when I stop it Atomic, Demonic, And off that chronic It's Ironic, How I flip them phonics So fucked up, The product of reaganomics [Mack 10] Shit, I heard the price of yo done went up My gun buddy had a drop, So the pistola went up The heater hot, Nigga burn ya skin up The fo fifth hold a dime, And I shoot all ten up [W.C.] I'm about guns, Fuck roses, I breeze over parole Some man captured some folks, The locstas never fold Bacon soda aromas, Niggaz swingin chrome motors Dickey bombin folks and shootin out of stolen automotives [K Mac] I got diamonds on my fingers and watch on arms Stay out a nigga way and you won't be harmed If I catch a bitch, I'll see for sure she'll be charmed When I'm rollin through the hood, A nigga heavily armed [Chorus] - 2X [Ice Cube] Shit, My life is like a rap show I'm out the back door, Beyatch, So beware of the strap, Bro Cause that's how my blast go Ice cube is an asshole just like castro [Mack 10] Nigga, I spit Flames, Leave permanent scars Connect gang bang and we g's about ours And ain't shit changed, Still stripes and stars And I'm done already, Ain't got but 4 bars [W.C.] Holdin it down down down stoned down bustin rounds Dub, Ghetto rich nigga since bow down Squad down, Sendin flicks to my niggaz locked down Doin dolas in streets wit my ragtop down [K Mac] Yo, Write a book bout a nigga like me I got loot like an athlete just signed wit nike You lose ya life if ya ever get sheisty Could mac ever run out of snaps? Not likely [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Terrorist Threats Song: Izm Typed by: Derrylwc@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Mack 10] Yo, somethin dangerous man... (gangstaa...) Woooo, do you wanna pimp wit this guy Do a buck on a ninety-five Run with them hookers when they payin sheen Talk of sex-appeal, I was born gangsta... Shittt, don't play wit me, and in the game I'm as real as they come Threw the knife, baby, out of the sun Even a susperstar, Cuz I'm a gangsta... [W.C.] Now let's get one thing straight You fuckin with a nigga thats liable to catch a case I'll turn ya birthday into your worst day Bitch I'll have you on a high-speed chase on the first day Umm, try 'n throw, I'm so, affiliated This greenery got me sedated, I'm feelin faded Hood life, the life of a robber on chrome wires n switches A nigga wit mo' crimes to riches A ghetto jumpstart, Post it up with the tiny homies in my momma's front yard A hood pioneer, can't function without the smell of gunpowder And fish fryin' in the air I'm a sheist nigga, Check for ice nigga Bitch, You got the wrong nigga if you want a nice nigga I'm Dub C, fuck a MC, catch me in a MC on a buck twenty, Bitch fuck wit me... [Ice Cube] Some bitches don't believe I can spit that 'Izm Till they wind up wit dick all in 'em. Till they find theyself pullin' off denim Intoxicated, off this venom I kick game, big game, Nickname Insane, Ice Cube spit flame Yall niggaz gone feel it down-range Body feel strange (Blah!!) No brain I'm a throwback, that know how a gangsta do it and a hoe' act Get off tha dick if you don't wanna blow dat Cuz bitches trip the Bulls, act like Prozac. Now there's Gangsta-ism, and tribalism I'm only fuckin, wit survivalism Fo-fo to the do' is my religion, Now wha's yours Pray, before I bust yours... Wooo! La la laa la la la la la la la, gangsta... Wooo! La la laa la la la la la la la, I'm a gangsta... [Mack 10] Every time I come around bitches starin at me Point nigga Mack 10 from the Dub S-C Wit a L.A. fitted hat and a fresh white tee Fulla flair and pizzazz but I'm a straight up G Cocky cuz I'm rich, look good and I know it But I'm confused on what to be, a deep boy or poet Head is mandatory, bitch, there's so much to blow it If I do fall for you I refuse to show it So if you think I ain't pimpin, Man that shit is absurd I stay hard on 'em, fulla 'izm, fuck what chu heard You say you down for me, shit but thats only words Wanna show me love bitch, I wanna play wit a bird So regardless of the weather, bitch don't get the chedda' And keep big daddy ridin' two-three's or betta Wood on the dash wit the peanut-butta' leather And like that Al Qaeda love we can blow up togetha', Holla... Wooo! La la laa la la la la la la la, gangsta... Wooo! La la laa la la la la la la la, I'm a gangsta... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Terrorist Threats Song: So Many Rappers in Love Typed by: Tanis@fibertel.com.ar [Ice Cube] Aquarius, hahahaha, and my name is Larry It's so many rappers in love on the radio It's so many fake ass thugs on the radio [Mack 10] Listen up motherfuckers This is Mack 1-0, to all these niggaz on the radio simpin to these hoes What happened to the thugs, drugs and G hits? Talkin all the soft shit just to please a Biz-Nitch And some of y'all is street and know the gangsta mode It's like this, fuck a bitch And that's the G code We used to sell raw kill and give toe tag Now ever since 9-11 rappers wave a white flags But me I keeps it gutter, just like before I'm a warrior so I stay prepared for war Ain't nuttin wrong wit spoilin a bitch, especially if you got it Her suckin you, you fuckin her Gettin freaky and earotic But if it ain't ruff, it ain't me And I refuse to turn R-A-P, in R&B You went from hardcore to pop Just to be on top I give Cool J his props and that's where it stops [Ice Cube] (Connect Gang Nigga) It's so many rappers in love On the radio It's so many fake ass thugs On the radio It's so many rappers in love On the radio It's so many fake ass thugs On the radio [W.C.] The pussy gets cream Real niggaz ain't simpin, Oh noooo!! I'm sick of niggaz, trick niggaz throw my radio in a ditch nigga, cause all I hear is bitch niggaz Fake ass R&B thugs in hot as sweaters, with bullshit messages and tight ass vests Fuck hip hop, y'all need to call it simp hop Sock that bitch in the back of her head and take the cock Hoe shut up, I'm bout to load the fuck up And if I hear another nigga in love I'm throwin up Load it up, pick the gun up I'm fed up, cause radio with wimp bitch men, I'mma fuck you snuff heads up Soft niggaz get the gay channel, when I slap an R&B thug off his motherfuckin piano DJ's need to let the ghetto back in the club There's too many fake ass thugs, too many rappers in love Mothafuckers stiff pussies It's so many rappers in love On the radio It's so many fake ass thugs On the radio It's so many rappers in love On the radio It's so many fake ass thugs On the radio [Ice Cube] You used to be hardcore What the fuck you lookin hard for nigga standin on the park fo' Wit yo golf club rappers Get off drugs, extasy is turnin niggaz into soft thugs Wit all these promises, showin straight bitches where yo mama live I know what time it is I'm the game lord, here to punish you For lyin to every bitch that your runnin to Tryna show every hoe how fly you are You's a motherfuckin fool if you buy the bar I'm buyin two drinks, fuck you skanks Both of em mine, what chu think I gets full of liquor, pound a stripper You gets drunk nigga, pull up wit her Drivin yo shit, like it's her shit Under the surface, you like her bitch Make a nigga sick to his stomach It's so many rappers in love On the radio It's so many fake ass thugs On the radio It's so many rappers in love On the radio It's so many fake ass thugs On the radio [WC] A baby, I used to be a gangster rapper But right now, I like flowers, I love watchin birds in the park I love takin long walks in the park I just love you I love watchin yo kids I love, I just love poetry I love you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection f/ Knoc-Turn'al Album: Terrorist Threats Song: Lights Out Typed by: ML4Tisme@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Knoc-Turn'al] Now that's cool You know I chill wit ch'all though a little bit Fuck the ??? I ain't give a fuck about that nigga And he came hittin my weed He came drinkin my Hen' Matter fact if I see him in traffic, even know y'all fuck with him It's on [Chorus: Knoc-Turn'al] All lights are on This is for the G in me, let's go (let's go) Bitch I party all ?with me? (get it crackin in this motherfucker) Lights out I'll give you everything you need, and more [Verse 1: Ice Cube] On the mic I been a deamon since seamen How you screamin': Oh mama, here come that young O'Sama With that Al-Quaida drama Fuck no It's the Dalai Lama, wit that West World Order Now MC's Bow Down and treat me like Yoda When they catch me in the corner after club Like "nigga whuut", they t'ow up the dub So you can tell Samuel L. I'ma keep ac'in You can even tell that motherfucker Jassie Jackson Pay your child suport, keep your payments up Put a rubber on and don't fuck wit us [Chorus: Knoc-Turn'al] All lights are on This is for the G in me, let's go Bitch I party all ?with me? Lights out I'll give you everything you need, and more [Verse 2: Mack 10] Mack pull up in the rag, Cevy layed the ass And crumble green on a Zig-Zag and lacein' with hash I keep a 9mm cocked and ready to blast So when the phone jump off a nigga ready to smash I drink my 'gnac out the bottle I don't fuck wit a glass And I ain't sip trippin dog, that's a thing of the past And I stand this ?s?? so my stamina last And put hands on a motherfucker bout my cash I was a stick up kid, I snatch your chain and dash And if the punk-chop ?on it? nigga I bound it fast Or I'm creepin through your window breakin out your glass Then I rob the whole party lookin through a ski-mask, c'mon [Chorus: Knoc-Turn'al] All lights are on This is for the G in me, let's go Bitch I party all ?with me? Lights out I'll give you everything you need, and more [Verse 3: W.C.] From the land of the Lakers, bird brakers, Impala ?pedles? While we chop dollars wit those in ?Superos? It's the check a hoe, when the cutlass checkin doe So so ghetto Dub S rep the (ball/boat) Ball griddy but a crew a hog's wit me And V.I.P. yo from mad dog 20/20 Dub C. chunkin up at 23th ??? better go swiss-ziss singin like a ?? Lick 1, 2 to the nose my but was ??? Pick up ?? trick my foe's posein' like the heisman I'm burnin money, tryna slice some ?? tummy (what) Leave your panties gummy, have you walkin funny, trick [Chorus: Knoc-Turn'al] All lights are on This is for the G in me, let's go Bitch I party all ?with me? Lights out I'll give you everything you need, and more [Chorus: Knoc-Turn'al] All lights are on This is for the G in me, let's go Bitch I party all ?with me? Lights out I'll give you everything you need, and more Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuh lights out Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuh lights out Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuh lights out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection f/ K-Mac, Skoop and Young Soprano Album: Terrorist Threats Song: Bangin' at the Party Typed by: br3akfast@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Mack 10] Yeah, uh-huh.. Yeah this what we gon do: We gon fall through the hood Scoop up the lil' homies, and hit the motherfuckin party, bang - out Dig what I'm saying? we gon let them niggaz get they walk on We gon get our ride on, and leave with a couple of bitches and rep this Dub S thang to the fullest westside..like that [Chorus: Skoop] When the music is bumpin, and the homies give it somethin' All the hoes is comin' and you KNOW they all fuckin' Got the henny in glass, big puffin' on somethin and the niggaz outside, and these bitches wanna fight then them niggaz pulled up, and they deuces all wired and you know we banged out, when the homies come around One times always turning it up.. 'cause we bangin' at the party! [Verse 1: Ice Cube, WC, Mack 10] (Ice Cube) We come through on that 22 shoe In that SL500 chappell hill light blue.. In cal-aye, we hit the Vallet You ain't got it like that, park in the all-ey, nigga (WC) Get in line while we, spit the line for ya Get inside where we, gettin' high (Ice Cube) On the danceflo' with a, big behind Nigga don't get mad cause your dick ain't mind (Together) So when you see the westside up in V.I.P Don't bring your ass up there and try to be Ali (Mack 10) I'll beat your ass back down, just to be on TV (Together) We know bad publicity'll sell another cd (Dub C) Fuck with that (Ice Cube: fuck with this..) and I fuck with the crys' (Ice Cube: Only fuck with the dough)..Never fuck with you marks (Mack 10) and if your just getting in, motherfucker you 'tarded 'cause we Bangin at the Party! [Chorus: Skoop] When the music is bumpin, and the homies give it somethin' All the hoes is comin' and you KNOW they all fuckin' Got the henny in glass, big puffin' on somethin and the niggaz outside, and these bitches wanna fight then them niggaz pulled up, and they deuces all wired and you know we banged out, when the homies come around One times always turning it up.. 'cause we bangin' at the party! [Verse 2: Young Soprano, K-Mac] (Young Soprano) Yeah, you know it's a white tee occasion We in G formation, reppin' a G nation I pull up three wheels, swangin' a rag fo' Hop out with the sag low, strapped with the mag fo' (K-Mac) It's cashflow, thick money rolls and thick hoes (Young Soprano) We got those, and it's a party on the block loc! ....and it's a party on the block dawg.. (K-Mac) You know it's packed full of hogs, that's active and hard on hoes Handcuffin your broad, is a negative The twenty third letter, I'm an O.G. and reppin this (Young Soprano) Believe, Skoop never nervous to crack a hoe Plus I got them sets on deck, servin like McEnroe (K-Mac) K-Mac fa sho, I'll give you what you askin fo' Why treat a bitch like a bitch, and let a hoe be a hoe (Young Soprano) It's a Dub S-C thang, Soprano the name H double O bang with the connect gang, nigga [Ice Cube] Let 'em walk walk, let 'em walk (If your down with the connect then ya..) Walk walk, walk.. (If your strapped with a tech then ya..) Walk walk, walk (If you represent your set then ya..) Walk walk, walk (If you a neighbourhood vet then ya..) Walk walk, walk (If the bitch won't fuck then ya..) Walk walk, walk (Outline them niggaz with the chalk then ya..) Walk walk, walk (If your sippin on that dark then ya..) Walk walk walk, (Y'all niggaz don't want it) [Chorus: Skoop] When the music is bumpin, and the homies give it somethin' All the hoes is comin' and you KNOW they all fuckin' Got the henny in glass, big puffin' on somethin and the niggaz outside, and these bitches wanna fight then them niggaz pulled up, and they deuces all wired and you know we banged out, when the homies come around One times always turning it up.. 'cause we bangin' at the party! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Terrorist Threats Song: You Gotta Have Heart Typed by: tanis@fibertel.com.ar * * send corrections to the typist [Ice Cube] Aah, yirr Yearh, man Wooh, yo This rules everything man I don't hurt ya It will only make you stronger In this game you gotta have heart This hustle will break you down Pull you apart [Mack 10] Homie, the same thing make you laugh, make you cry And in the fastlane the strong survive and the weak die That's the way the ball bounce and I often wonder why But I nease it all And not just a piece o' the pie I used to hope and wish for everything I couldn't buy was a young ghetto-boy that grew up in the eye So I bowed to be a hustler and reach for the sky And not only I'ma ballin' Right now is mo' ta' [Ice Cube] It's like a jungle sometime You gotta hustle sometime You gotta use your mind, mouth and your muscle sometime You gotta grind Stop looking for a savior Use what the fuck I gave your (flavor) I'm in the gutter-lane With the gutter-mouth tryin' to get out the gutter For my life's gutter-out If I was right and called my mamma a bitch It wouldn'ta took me this to to get this rich (I know) [Chorus x2] I don't hurt ya It will only make you stronger In this game you gotta have heart This hustle will break you down Pull you apart I don't hurt ya It will only make you stronger In this game you gotta have heart This hustle will break you down Pull you apart [WC] I was raised The young nigga was scwabble In the city o' looks No hope or rolemodels The black sheep of the family destined to fell Predicted to spend my whole life in a jail-cell Fucked up and not believe in the hype I know I would be more then a feelin I zoomed up and see the light Nigga, got my mind right Nigga, got my grind tight Now a nigga is gettin' paid to skip Skip to the lime-light [Mack 10] See, we all got problems But some need a dress And so at night I hit my knees and begged him for my blessings And ask him for forgiveness to minimize my stress Nigga, continue to know how to dodge this Smith & Wesson And with his help I will perform in my best And it's still hard with all this temptation and testenin' If I'm wrong Just accept it as a lesson As I conquer all my enemies And mashing with agression, Lord [Chorus x2] I don't hurt ya It will only make you stronger In this game you gotta have heart This hustle will break you down Pull you apart I don't hurt ya It will only make you stronger In this game you gotta have heart This hustle will break you down Pull you apart [Ice Cube] Ain't never been shot like 50 Cent or 2Pac Cuz' 2 shots is too many Too hot to go in me I've rather sit remmy In the back of this Bentley And only fuck with niggaz and you bitches that's friendly Don't forgive what's so femm Cup with my penny I pull out the semi Put hoe's up in Timmy Just fuck it - it's Babylon And nigga might have a bomb Just like the Taliban But I'm on neverland [WC] I sit alone I my fo'corner room Loaded ammo Cuz' in these streets like there's a gamble And Run-DMC, times is getting harder So I'm taking of my gold-fandenellin' to the author Old nigga say to young killers awaked you But when you got it Only few homies stay true This game it's like russian roulette We hustle to death Mash for weather Make the devil marker for cheddar [Chorus x2] I don't hurt ya It will only make you stronger In this game you gotta have heart This hustle will break you down Pull you apart I don't hurt ya It will only make you stronger In this game you gotta have heart This hustle will break you down Pull you apart [Hook:] [Ice Cube] Yo! WON'T YOU JUST STOPPING FUCKING WIT US? You know what I'm saying You take what you got I take what I got JUST STOP FUCKING WIT US! You're motherfuckers got everything and your still complaining You motherfuckers got everything and you still ain't have it It's you're world MOTHERFUCKER! AND YOU'RE AIN'T NEVER GONNA GET IT RIGHT! BIIIIATCH!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Terrorist Threats Song: Terrorist Threats Typed by: lilhd@dpgrecordz.com * * send corrections to the typist "an open microphone can be dangerous" [chorus: Ice Cube (WC)] (duck nigga, westcoast) I can make a promise now to take your life (westside, bustin' that janky..) I can be that threat that make you change your life (duck nigga, westcoast) I can make a promise now to take your life (westside, bustin' that janky..) [verse 1: WC] It's about fuckin' time niggaz ta came up with some real shit and start bustin'on you bitch niggaz and kill some shit high shells and cocktails, rags on faces a terrorist fuckin' it up in chucks with fat laces in my cutoffs I stand with triggery canon nah bitch, I ain't from the Taliban I'm from the niggaban westside, roll 'em motherfuckers up call me Dub McVeigh about to blow this motherfucker up [chorus: Ice Cube (WC)] [verse 2: Mack 10] We got you niggaz scared like a snitch and a gangsta cook out and when the meter read red all cowards get took out back with more firepower than before to us a nuclear bombin' is just a drug war and I got no gangstarizm and stardom and got niggaz shakin' that ain't even from Harlem spit rapid fire down in the whole place and it's hard to breathe with duck tape on your face [chorus: Ice Cube (WC)] [verse 3: Ice Cube] I'm from that WSCG car beat you up in ER from my PR nigga, superstar, smokin' on a cigar little homies know who the OG's are been the shit since '86 and even right now and gotta brag to this bitches 'bout my lifestyle no mistake the westsider for Al-Quieda this ain't soopafly nigga I'm a spida [chorus: Ice Cube (WC)] "an open microphone can be dangerous" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Terrorist Threats Song: Super Star Typed by: BiGwHiStLe1@hotmail.com While your shuckin' and jivin' howdy drivin' Rollin' in my SUV (Westside Nigga) All my plus three thugs on the way to the club And when I come you got love for me Cause I'm a super super star (Staaaar) You know we're super super star (Staaaar) [Ice Cube] Everybody know jail records sell records Imma catch a case come to court nigga bail naked I got the formula double murder equal double platinum I know these bitch niggaz wonderin' why I'm bustin' at em The rich a famous ignoramus It's kind of Haynes with the picture of the world that he paint us The most dangerous angriest lyrics that a thug got Ain't enough nigga where your mug shot? Where's your drug spot nigga yous a was-not I cant bump your shit if you never was shot Before you bust a verse nigga go snatch a purse You ain't my dogg till you laid up in a hurse And you'll learn about loyalty when the record company Try to fuck your family out the royalty Your number one with a bullet and you took it in the back Goddamn that nigga can rap [Mack 10] Now break me down check my resume tell me what it say It's the hood or nothing cross em out and put a K No NO it don't matter how good you spit If you ain't hit the trauma unit they ain't playin' your shit Who gives a fuck if your money and game up to par Cause jail time and bullets make a nigga a star But it's a shame you ain't gettin' no real as figures Got these white kid fools like you some real as niggaz But most of ya'll is cowards ain't nothin' like me Cause I'm a Westside motherfucker Inglewood G And fuck sellin' records if I gotta get murd I'd rather put my hustle down cook and cut up work And it ain't but a few real killas and scrapers And all these so-called gangstas really backpack rappers And I can care less about a battlin' skills Cause when you bump Mack 10 you get the real reel [WC] Fucked up down the game is fucked up now This new rapper got shot and looked up now nigga Fuck a peace service soon as Dub hit the surface I got em shakin' and nervous cause ya'll created a murderous Brazin' tattoo so blaze the zag fool afraid the gat you Got my gauge right at you Fuck Paula Abdul I'm an American Idol With my album cover posin' with a semi auto rifle Cause murderin' vital cells and steels ain't real enough The media wants drama so I ain't givin' a fuck If I kill me nigga won't get shot in the heart I can hit the countdown to one-o-six and park So bang this shit nigga hang that shit You say you don't but I know you love this gangsta-shit nigga Cause bullet holes and record sales go to together Like cops a radars ash and A and R [Ice Cube] To all my niggaz lovin' chicken and watermelon Talk brokin' English and drug sellin' Rap murderous lyrics and story tellin' You got to be a felon to get your shit sellin' And if it got to be that way A nigga murder me a rapper today It just happened today So if I come clappin' your way It's just to sell what a nigga sold back in the day Bang this and my niggaz get dangerous Bang this with a four five stainless Bang this and the bitches go painless Bang this if you want to be famous Bang this and my niggaz get dangerous Bang this with a four five stainless Bang this and the bitches go painless Bang this if you want to be famous The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Laugh Now, Cry Later Song: Why We Thugs Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com * * first single; send corrections to the typist [Intro] Yeah Every hood's the same {*2X*} Come on They give us guns and drugs Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs They wanna count the slugs Then come around here and fuck with us (Uh huh) They give us guns and drugs Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs They wanna count the slugs Then come around here and fuck with us [Verse 1] I'm from the land of the gang bang Since I was little, ain't a god damn thang changed It's the same ol same Bush run shit like Sadaam Hussien I cock and aim, clinically insane To deal with this bullshit day to day If I sell some yay or smoke some hay You bitches wanna throw me up in pelican's bay Call me an animal up in the system But who's the animal that built this prison Who's the animal that invented lower living The projects, thank god for Russell Simmons Thank god for Sugarhill I'm putting a different kind of steel up to my grill Y'all know what it is, scared for your own kids How these ghetto niggaz taken over showbiz [Verse 2] It's boyz in the hood, it's toys in the hood Y'all wanna know why there's noise in the hood Cause there's drugs in the hood, thugs in the hood Nigga killed a crip and a blood in the hood (For real) Cause when niggaz get tribal It's all about survival, nobody liable I got caught by five-oh Grandmama came to court with her bible But when the judge hit the gavel Now I'm too far from my family to travel I just came unraveled Socked the D.A. before I got gaffled Owned by C.A, State Property Just like the year fifteen fifty three Looking for me, a one-way ticket out Don't understand, what's so hard to figure out? [Verse 3] (Damn) I can't take the pressure Pulled the fo-fo up out the dresser Grabbed the weight up out the closet Po-po coming but I'm scared to toss it Y'all know what happened last time I lost it Can't tell you niggaz what the fuckin boss did The game got a nigga exhausted Gotta go for the big bargain they offered Twenty years for what? Breaking these laws that's so corrupt Taking these halls and fillin 'em up Some powder cake shit that's about to erupt Ay y'all, I'm about to be stuck Until the year two thousand, what the fuck? In the hood, don't press your luck Cause these motherfuckers will set you up, word up [Outro] Every hood's the same {*3X*} Every hood's the same {*2X*} Stop trippin on it Every hood's the same {*2X*} Every hood's the same {*2X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Laugh Now, Cry Later Song: Smoke Some Weed Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] Ice Cube motherfucker West coast motherfucker George Bush, George Clinton, Bill Clinton Chris Farley, Chris Rock, Bob Marley Rick James, knew how to throw a party "Smoke some weed!" Snoop Dogg, all the way to Cheech & Chong Cypress Hill, Robert Downey hit the bong Ricky Williams, fuck how Miami feelin "Smoke some weed!" [Chorus: Ice Cube] This is West coast nigga thinkin California quicksand got a nigga sinkin I can give a fuck what you niggaz drinkin "Smoke some weed!" This is West coast nigga thinkin California quicksand got a nigga sinkin I can give a fuck what you bitches drinkin "Smoke some weed!" [Ice Cube] If you a baller, nigga I'm a hall of famer Lion tamer, with two fo'-fifth flamers Understand, that yo' life's in danger Didn't your momma, tell you not to talk to strangers Lil' nigga, I'm the Hillside Strangler Have a banger, callin for the Lone Ranger Most rappers, they wanna fuck sangers I'm a nigga, that wanna bone T'Penga G4, pull it up out the hanger A lil' somethin, to fuel you niggaz anger The swine, I'm your face rearranger In a mansion cause Jesus born in a manger Motherfucker, belong on Jerry Spranger I'm a gangsta, up in your CD changer I'll gank ya, for 20 bucks then I'll thank ya Police, still get the middle fanger [Ice Cube] Lil' niggaz, don't try this at home Momma in the bathroom leave her ass alone Cause she probably takin chronic straight to the dome Go play you lil' fucker, stop bein grown Dave Chappelle, 50 million and a throne With a big Zulu bitch, nigga gettin blown Watch your tone, if your wear Coppertone Go back to Africa used to be a theme song I'm in the zone, do anybody got a zone I ain't your poppa, but daddy is a rolling stone Youse a clone, who don't know the shit you on Unless it's on, a motherfuckin ringtone I'm in {?}, with two bottles of Patron You need a loan, to fuck with the Family Stone Nigga go on, tell 'em Ice Cube is home Gorilla niggaz, here come King Kong [Ice Cube] Ice Cube motherfucker West coast motherfucker "Smoke some weed!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Laugh Now, Cry Later Song: Child Support Typed by: YoungMakaveli420@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Buucker, I'll beat yo' bad-ass [Hook] Ain't no other kings in this rap thing they siblings nuthin but my chil'ren one shot they disappearin' ain't no kings in this rap thing they siblings nuthin but my chil'ren one shot they disappearin' [First Verse] Bitch niggaz still wanna check my urine still can't believe what you see and what you're hearin' you motherfuckers thought you knew the whole story until your mama took a nigga on maury read your test results are you the father I looked at his bitch ass told him don't bother I'm the father of this gangsta shit never thought that I have a bunch of bastard kids lil' bad-ass kids I whoop they ass every night send the paramedics bitch and the black and white I brought you in this world I'll take you out do you ugly so mamma can't make you out you know my style a colt file a report I'm a dead-beat daddy no child support you get fooled like the last trick get it out your ass bitch you niggaz know my pyroclastic flow c'mon! [Hook] Ain't no other kings in this rap thing they siblings nuthin but my chil'ren one shot they disappearin' ain't no kings in this rap thing they siblings nuthin but my chil'ren one shot they disappearin' [4x] You want child support Get it out your ass bitch [Second Verse] Ya'll niggaz know Ya'll bitches know where you get it from who's the original you got your daddy's mouth talk like a criminal keep it gangsta son never get pigeon holed rap bastards tryin' to make a classic keep your dumb-ass out of the casket cause intercope'll spend your money they don't give a fuck about a dead rapper nigga they'll chop it up keep it movin' y'all they'll come mop it up corrupt LAPD cover up everyday nigga we know drama they ain't lookin' for Osama ask Biggie's mamma thank God that the gangsta's back we ain't got to put up with this brainless rap may your lungs collapse n' m.c's are funny all you can rap about is pussy and money c'mon! [Hook] Ain't no other kings in this rap thing they siblings nuthin but my chil'ren one shot they disappearin' ain't no kings in this rap thing they siblings nuthin but my chil'ren one shot they disappearin' [4x] You want child support Get it out your ass bitch [Third Verse] All y'all rappers should kiss and make up take your bullshit jewlry back to Jacob get your mind right nigga and start to wake up cause the whole rap industry needs to shake up you got million dollar niggaz killin' million dollar niggaz bustin' outta Bentleys wearin' chinchillasss there you go again rollin' in your limo comin' from the Grammy's shootin' out the window I know the scripture but there's something wrong with this picture what you mad about diamonds all in your mouth no car, no niggaz house paid off I never heard of a rapper gettin' laid off boy, you a fool or you just act crazy or you a grown crack baby born in the 80's to all you motherfuckers say I went Hollywood I'm gangsta! I know when I got it good [Hook] Ain't no other kings in this rap thing they siblings nuthin but my chil'ren one shot they disappearin' ain't no kings in this rap thing they siblings nuthin but my chil'ren one shot they disappearin' [4x] You want child support Get it out your ass bitch [2x] Young rappers lookin' for pocket change with boo-boo lyrics Go get your diaper changed [Outro - Ice Cube Talking] Smell like shit heyy baby change this motherfucker you smell like shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Laugh Now, Cry Later Song: Doin What it Pose 2Do Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com "Thinkin about what he gon' do now" "Ri-ride through the hood" "Keep it low to the ground"  "Gangster" "Ride through the hood" "Keep it low to the ground" "Ri-ride through the hood" "Keep it low to the ground"  "Gangster" "Ride through the hood, ride through the hood" "Ri-ride through the hood" "Keep it low to the ground" "Ri-ride through the hood" "Keep it low to the ground" "Ri-ri-ri-ride through the hood" "Keep it low to the ground"  "Gangster" "Low, low to the, l-l-low to the ground" [Chorus: Ice Cube] You see my lo' lo' (doin what it 'pose to do) And that fo' do' (doin what it 'pose to do) You know my big watch (doin what it 'pose to do) I make the bitches watch (doin what it 'pose to do) I see that big ass (doin what it 'pose to do) When you walk pass (doin what it 'pose to do) You know my shit shine (doin what it 'pose to do) I make the bitch mind (doin what it 'pose to do) [Ice Cube] Had to come through, shine on you niggaz Stop lyin on a nigga, got my nine on your liver {*click clack*} Fuck around and go blind on a nigga Do time for a nigga, put your mind on your mirror (POO POW!) All you niggaz that's materialistic Don't fuck wit'cha boy or become a statistic Ice Cube is very artistic But I'm still from the hood, will take your existence So muhfuckers tryna scratch my paint It's West coast in the house, what the fuck you thank? (the fuck you thank?) I'm big bank guy, spent on my outfit 'Cause I'm fly and your ass ain't about shit I let that bullshit do what it 'pose to do Go to the club, grab me a hoe or two Understand, God has a chosen few Fuck around, and I'll put some holes in you [Ice Cube] Now e'ry muhfucker in here bitchin, we rollin In that big body wide thang, a nigga patrollin Y'all jealous of the ass that a nigga be holdin Ain't scared of the po' po' and what they patrollin? Gotta job muhfucker, I work for myself I got benefits bitch, dental and health I do it 24/7, I rob 7-11 If I had to, I take it straight back to heaven +Witta Attitude+, I got the Range blowed out So if you jack me homey, I never jump out (No!) I just tickle these switches and tickle these bitches That's lickin all on my paint job like liquorish I know a lotta dances, they call me Jolly Ranchers 'Cause I shine like Rudolph, nigga fuck Prancer! Ice Cube, reflect like chrome (bling!) When I'm in the hood, I run it like Rome (Yi-YAY!) [Ice Cube] Call her ass right there, she got that kush And I'ma run all through it like Reggie Bush And I'ma hit that bush like George Bush In the middle of the night like a crook Don't fuck with her, her ass is average Only fuck with the ones with the whole package Who gives a fuck if yo' ass look good If yo' ass can't cook good, that's on the hood (that's on the hood) Fine bitches, you shit out of luck 'Cause I'm prolly gon' eat more than I fuck (more than I fuck) You got do it all, not just send them all Cook and cleaning, love a nigga's shitty drawers Naw, I'll keep you flossin up at Ready Tellers The kinda shit that make them other bitches jealous Pull up, jump out, I'm like new money And watch the bees in the house come and get the honey "Ri-ride through the hood" "Keep it low to the ground"  (Cube: Yeah)  "Ride through the hood" "Keep it low to the ground"  (Cube: Show out) "Ri-ride through the hood" "Keep it low to the ground"  (Cube: Show out)    "Ride through the hood, ride through the hood" (Cube: Nigga, I'ma show out) "Ri-ride through the hood" "Keep it low to the ground"  (Cube: Show out) "Ri-ride through the hood" "Keep it low to the ground"  (Cube: Show out) "Ri-ri-ri-ride through the hood" "Keep it low to the ground"  (Cube: Show out nigga, show out)"Low, low to the, l-l-low to the ground"   (Cube: Show out) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Laugh Now, Cry Later Song: Laugh Now, Cry Later Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] Uh-huh, understand this I don't give a fuck about what y'all talkin about I ain't tryin to hear none of that shit Nigga I'ma do what I wanna do When I wanna do it, how I wanna do it And you better hope I don't do it to you Now, I don't care what momma got to say I don't care what grandmomma got to say Nigga I'm grown Let me tell you a lil' somethin about me I was born not to give a fuck, wanna drink, get your cup Turn it up, throw it up, take the world, blow it up Somebody slow it up, roll it up, smoke it up My own momma can't keep me from loc'n up One ear out the other, one man out to smother The neighborhood, that left me here without my brother Fuck you undercovers and you dirty motherfuckers In the hood, that still fuck without rubbers Club hop, bar hop, car shop, nail shop To the mall, spend it all, why the hell not What bills, what rent, don't know what's spent Why you care, do you work for the government? Fuck it homey, I'ma laugh now and cry later Get your paper we can laugh now and cry later All you players you can laugh now and cry later Investigators let you laugh now and cry later [Ice Cube] See I'm a product of this urban decay A nigga dyin for tomorrow, but live for today A nigga lie steal and borrow, and cheating's okay Don't you tell these motherfuckers that my name is O'Shea Cause I'ma fuck up my baby's credit, let him regret it 7 months old he's already got a jail record I'm the one to blame, put it in my momma name She's a drama queen, but I got the bling bling I need the watch and the bracelet and the earrings I need you all to show up at my hearings Tell the judge I'm a nice nigga, good nigga And I'ma play the sad face when he look nigga [Interlude: repeat 2X] "The number you are calling was lost, and cannot be called back" "Your last call return service" [Ice Cube] It's fucked up, that y'all won't accept my calls Tell momma, at least she can send some drawers These walls, make y'all forget about me I'm comin home, in 2033 But that's irrelevant, did you get the mail I sent What I tell a bitch, you better stay celibate She start lyin to me, tell me who she ain't fuckin Never tell me that my homeboys ain't nothin Bun in the oven, it belong to my cousin Got the nerve, to tell me that you really love me (What?) I'ma kill her ass when a nigga make parole Hit her with my cane, cause a nigga gray and old [Outro: Ice Cube] Man, it ain't right man Y'know y'all ain't doin me right man A nigga tryin to do right man Y'know I'm tryin to change my life man, y'know? I done found the Lord while I'm in here, y'know? I I'm tryin to do right now, I mean Y'know I'm sorry for everythang That I, I I mean y'know That's fucked up how y'all doin me man Y'all niggaz could at least send me somethin "Alright, first four guys, let's go... lock it up" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Laugh Now, Cry Later Song: Stop Snitchin Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] Ice Cube (yeah!) Callin from a California state penitentiary (Let me out this motherfucker) We got over two million motherfuckers locked up (Let me out this motherfucker) Stop snitchin Now how many MC's must get booed Before somebody say don't fuck with Cube (you know!) I'll strip you nude (butt-ass) in your living room Face down, paralyzed from the waist down I'm a buckin clown, but don't fuck around Doin movies now, but I'll lay you down South Central style, pull them thangs out Don't make a millionare have to send you there You know the story of the tortoise nigga and the hare Nigga run nigga run never get there I'ma walk, fuck a bitch when I get there Nigga this a marathon, ask Farrakhan Fuck the cemetery that I'm buried on (fuck 'em) The blood of Ice Cube got to carry on (forever) Forever what the fuck are they yellin? "Gangsta Gangsta," nigga stop tellin - stop snitchin You can have whatever you want In the hood, it's do's and don'ts So when it get hot in this kitchen Stop snitchin, nigga stop snitchin [Ice Cube] Microphone master, super rhyme maker Gun blaster, who's the life taker (who?) Who the fuck is a lifetime Laker? I slap the Maybeline off Tammy Faye Baker Who the fuck got more than an acre? In Los Angeles I got to have paper I'm a nigga, don't talk to my neighbors Straight asshole, always up in Vegas (yay yay) Lay it out for these niggaz to follow Get the point, but these points is hollow Now this here, is hard to swallow But if you do it's like hittin the lotto Little nigga with big bravado Hit the throttle niggaz hit the bottle Can give a fuck if they life is hollow Where the fuck was you, when I rocked the Apollo, bitch? Ay, who put this thing together? Me, that's who Who I trust? Who I trust? ME, THAT'S WHO! Nigga nigga nigga, can't you see Somehow your words incarcerate me Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee Lock me up in my prime, Muhammad Ali Get out whup yo' ass like Muhammad Ali Rumble in the Jungle, nigga don't play Dumbo In the hood nigga known as Columbo Get the people on the phone, tell the jumble Spit fluid and swear he didn't do it Got my bottom bitch locked up with Martha Stewart She say she had the hoe cookin deep dish She say Martha fuckin cook fish and eat fish Westside y'all niggaz got to peep this That's your weakness, can't keep a secret Don't say shit, boy that's basic They want to send a nigga back to the slave ship Stop snitchin [New Chorus] You can have whatever you choose But out here, it's don'ts and do's So after we finish this mission Stop snitchin, nigga stop snitchin [SB] Okay, okay [Swizz Beatz: repeat 4X] One two, in the place to be You rockin with Ice Cube, and the homey Swizz Beatz {Keep your fuckin mouth shut man} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Lil Jon, Snoop Dogg Album: Laugh Now, Cry Later Song: Go to Church Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Snoop Dogg] Nigga you need to stop snitchin! All that yip-yappin and jaw-jackin Nigga if you scared, go to church You knew the job was dangerous when you took it Whattup it's the big boss Dogg Snoop D-O-double-G, Eastside L.B.C. And I'm bobbin to the beat of my O.G. homeboy Ice Cube And I'm C-walkin on the motherfuckin concrete [Intro: Ice Cube] Yo if you're fucked up, put your cups up Ice Cube and Snoop Dogg, nigga what's up See he's a gangster, I'm a hustler Yo it's either thank ya, or it's fuck ya [Ice Cube] + (Lil Jon) I'm down with Lil Jon ain't got to pretend (YEAH!) _Crunk Juice_ nigga run the club that you in (HEY!) You scary motherfuckers don't wanna bring the ruckus (NAH!) You just spend all your time in the club tryin to duck us (WHAT?) And if you walk by nigga, I'ma knock fire nigga from yo' ass, you can come try nigga (HEY!) In the hood, all the way down South (YEAH!) I ain't Mike Jones, keep my name out'cha mouth bitch (Mike Jones) We can get it crackin if it get to clickin clackin Look at Mr. Jackson, nigga with no reaction If you scared, go to church, we gon' hit you where it hurts That don't work, we'll put you in the dirt Cause a whole lot of rappers make a whole lot of noise (hey) Lyrics full of steroids, niggaz paranoid (hey) And when you get that blowup, it make you throw up When you realize your favorite rapper ain't got no nuts [Chorus 2X: Ice Cube] + (Lil Jon) If you a scared motherfucker go to church (GO TO CHURCH) If you a gutter motherfucker do your dirt (A DO YOUR DIRT) If you a down motherfucker put in work (A PUT IN WORK) IF you a crazy motherfucker go berzerk (A GO BERZERK!) [Snoop Dogg] Click clackin, pistol-packin, Crip raggin folio Who the only nigga in the club with the toolio You ain't know? Yeah you did; there it was, there it is "Is that Coolio?" Naw bitch, let me in Jibba-jabba snatcher get at ya, spit at actors & rappers Hang out with kidnappers and jackers Make money off crackers; can you imagine how I keep shit crackin? It's the big boss Dogg I'm back in action and smashin I flash with the bling I sur-pass the supreme You don't really wanna have a clash with my team I mix hash with the green I'm the, last of the kings If I got a bitch with me she got ass in them jeans Rollin through yo' neighborhood, my Cadillac so clean Servin all you suckers cause you all dopefiends Just like that dopeman, nigga what's up? You run up with that bullshit I'll fuck yo' ass up [Lil Jon: repeat 2X] You scared, you scared You scared motherfucker you scared You scared (you scared) you scared (you scared) You scared motherfucker you scared (you scared) [Ice Cube] + (Lil Jon) It goes one for the money (HEY) two for the show (YEAH) Three for the pussy, fo' for the glow (HEY) Five for the rookies, six for the pros (NAH) Seven for the numbers of them fuckin zeroes (WHAT?) Eight for haters, nine for the cause Ten for my niggaz, behind big bars (HEY) Fuck these devils, and they laws (YEAH!) Never question the size of Ice Cube's balls The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Laugh Now, Cry Later Song: The Nigga Trapp Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro - various dialogue] Now that's how this shit go! And I know you don't like me spittin in your motherfuckin face But ain't a motherfuckin thing, you can do, about a nigga Punk motherfucker! Some people may say well, you overdramatized it No we're not - it's not a drama workshop, it is a reality Things like that do take place in prisons The murders, the suicides, as well as the rapes Do take place inside these human warehouses [Ice Cube] Nigga I'm a hustler, act like I'm lovin ya Don't mind fuckin ya, just like the Governor Used to be the dope man, rolled a hundred spokes man When I come through, treat me like the Pope man Ghetto spokesman, I know niggaz in Eastside Oakland all the way to Brook-lyn And they love my shitty drawers, what you smokin? Think you got the balls, nigga I'm a Trojan Catchin all that just like a prophylac' Don't reproduce, that bullshit is whack Flavor Flav with a white bitch that is whack Got to put the nigga back in my Cadillac Take him to the hood, where it's action packed Let him know that the target's still on his back It's a hustle called capitalism Got my niggaz in prison, all stuck in the system yeah Recognize who's a hustler, George Dubya He's the one that's sittin back, fuckin ya With a big dick stuck in ya I'm from a place where the fuckin Terminator is the Governor (I got a Public Pretender.. tryin to make me a winner) (Nigga please don't surrender.. they'll have you for dinner) [Chorus: Ice Cube] The ghetto is a nigga trap, take the cheese Soon as you do it here come the police Invented and designed fo' us to fail Where you gon' end up, dead or in jail [Ice Cube] You only got two places State of California, got two faces Motherfuckin devils, get straight racist When they get you in them lonely dark places Concrete slave ships, never move Where niggaz like us get used like a mule Don't let 'em catch you, arrest you Strip and undress you, throw you in a cesspool You wanna know the crime of the century A ghetto elementary, a mental penitentiary Black man, you never been friend of me Boy you kin to me, why we enemies? The ghe-tto is a trap Fuck where you from, nigga look where you at Where you wanna be? Point it out on a map Don't be scared to leave homey, we can come back If you wanna come back to this bullshit Most of it comin straight out the pulpit We got to change our ways in the hood Understand that it's AIDS in the hood... The nigga trap... {*echoes for a bit*} [Chorus] - 2X (I got a Public Pretender.. tryin to make me a winner) (Nigga please don't surrender.. they'll have you for dinner) {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Laugh Now, Cry Later Song: Growin Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] Ha ha, that's my shit Turn it up {*echoes*} Uhh, yeah I hear a beat like this, and think about growin up House parties, with gangbangers showin up Represent your hood, everybody throw it up They say Cube get on the mic, nigga blow it up I used to lyrical, political But now you want it sugarcoated like cereal First I met Dre, then I met Yella (yessir) Dr. Dre made me rap acapella Me and Jinx did a show at Dudo's{?} With K-Dee, I think it was two shows Then Dre introduced me to E Cruisin down the street in his red Jeep He said, yo niggaz we should flip it like this Cause them _Boyz N the Hood_ like the gangsta shit I put the pen to the pad, young nigga was raw And told the world how we felt about the law It was real [Chorus 2X: samples] + (Cube) I see the happiness (all day every day) I see the pain Where am I (growin up in the hood) Back down memory lane [Ice Cube] Oh shit, it's N.W.A.! Them niggaz on tour and they comin our way Lil' Eminem is still tucked away In that trailer park, just bumpin our tape Jerry Heller tried to make his escape I had to bounce, while other niggaz got raped Same niggaz turned around and said fuck me No FUCK YOU cause I'm down with Chuck D And I'm 'bout to do a movie up, a classic When I hit the screen, nigga it was magic Never thought I'd see Eazy in a casket Thanks for everythang, that's on everythang I learned a lot of game from you I like your son, he got his name from you I tell him everythang that he need to know If he ask my advice, I won't think twice homey [Ice Cube] From _Boyz N the Hood_, to _XXX 2_ Everybody wanna know my next move Fans all around say "We love you Cube!" I wanna take time to say I love you too I love all my fans cause they know I'm a man And not a little boy or some fuckin play toy A lot of niggaz say I grew up on you And let me know if anybody fuck wit'chu Cause you talk a lot of shit about the red, black & blue And how they treat a nigga called Katrina, did you see her White folks worry 'bout them fuckin misdemeanor While black people dyin in that God damn arena Just because I'm actin nigga never stop rappin It's in my blood homey, I'ma keep the party crackin Money keep stackin 'til they put me in a casket Who you think you fuckin wit? Here's another classic [Ice Cube] I'm Ruthless, I'm Ruthless.. Street Knowledge.. Lench Mob.. Westside.. Uhh.. [Chorus] - 1/2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Laugh Now, Cry Later Song: Click, Clack - Get Back Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] Yeah, yo, check it Turn me up a little bit, on the mic I flip shit for gangbang niggaz I talk shit for insane niggaz I got a clip for you strange niggaz (Click clack, get back, 'fore you niggaz feel that) [repeat Chorus] [Ice Cube] Understand, I come from South Central Motherfuckers don't know what I been through I keep my motherfuckin heat in my igloo And it's lookin for some meat it can get through Fuck with me, there will be agony In these streets, it will be a tragedy Can't you see, it ain't no fag in me If it was I woulda joined the Academy (Click clack, get back, 'fore you niggaz feel that) {*4X*} [Ice Cube] Get back, y'all better get the fuck back I never take shit from rappers I turn them, motherfuckers into cadavers (Ka-plow!) I'm fuckin mo', niggaz than Napster Cause youse a trick and your Ghost Rider is Casper I heard you lost on Fear Factor Cause you couldn't swallow deez nuts, big as a tractor You dumb bitch, think I'm an actor And a nigga couldn't get close enough to slap her Ice Cube, understand it's real I'm the nigga of steel, got you _Killin at Will_ Got my nigga a deal, he tried to fuck me and steal I love the nigga but he now feelin the chill It's West coast (West coast) East coast (East coast) South side (South side) worldwide (worldwide) North side (North side) let's ride (let's ride) Let's do it 'til God and the devil collide, c'mon! (Click clack, get back, 'fore you niggaz feel that) {*4X*} [Ice Cube] Y'all better get the fuck back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Laugh Now, Cry Later Song: The Game Lord Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Ice Cube] I love chrome and paint, lookin for some motherfuckin corners to bank West coast what the fuck you thank? Everybody here off weed and drank (everybody) Before you check my rims When you leave the parking lot, check ya limbs You better check ya friends and see if ya baby momma left with them Blacks and Mexicans  stop all that bullshit in the pen Understand that is us verse them They can give a fuck if we sink or swim They give us guns and drugs then wonder why in the fuck we thugs I got to show my ass to thank these motherfuckers for my past In South Central, Los Angeles  Grandmama smoke cannabis Granddaughter wanna dance and shit, her own momma can't stand the bitch [Hook: Ice Cube]  repeat 2X If you fuckin up, pray to the game lord Wanna bust a nut? Pray to the game lord Nigga get ya cup, pray to the game lord You can throw it up, pray to the game lord [Ice Cube] I love where I from, hungry ass niggaz better get you some Smart ass niggaz play dumb Y'all can't fuck with the city I run If I snap my fingers, better curl up just like a fetus I hope you know Jesus because if you don't, boy you will see us Where? Up in your house, two double barrels up in your mouth You got some 'splainin to do and don't get the line 'cause we aiming at you (Ewww!) It's a doggy dog world baby, you a nut and I'ma squirrel baby Can I get ya in my world baby? Can ya grease my Jheri curl baby? Did you flip yo' wig to let Michael Jackson baby sit yo' kids? That nigga old as hell They need to throw the motherfuckin momma in jail Let 'em know [Hook]  repeat 2X [Break]  repeat 2X Fuck wit this if you want to, the game lord will punish you Punish us if we ain't true, to the game like we 'pose to [Ice Cube] I'm the game lord, y'all come now Casanova niggaz, got the sun down Run down every hoe that wanna go shoppin Get they kids, take 'em to the mall, buy 'em somethin Are you a gentleman? Big bear wit a nigga named Gentle Ben Ladies, he'll be yo' friend Wait for the cable guy - even let him in Not me, I won't flex or bend just 'cause a hoe promise me some trim You better get wit the rest of them 'cause can't none of y'all even fuck wit Kim Some niggaz was born wit hoe in 'em I was put on this Earth to spit ism And I shall return like it's written And slay all the suckers who be sippin [Hook]  repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ W.C. Album: Laugh Now, Cry Later Song: Chrome & Paint Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] Yay-YAY! Cali-forn-yi-aye Sunday afternoon baby, pull it out Whip it out, pull it out, drive it out, drop it out You know! Let 'em know [Chorus: Ice Cube] I got chrome and paint Nigga what you thank, I got chrome and paint Bitch what you drank, I got chrome and paint Smokin that dank in my chrome and paint Street lights - dance on paint Street lights - dance on chrome Street lights - get a nigga home You can die in these streets all alone [Ice Cube] I am the wrong nigga, too fuckin grown nigga To go for that nigga, I ain't 'cha hoe nigga I got, a hair trigger, I am the dome splitter The deep-sea sniper, you got the wrong niggaz Retire like Jigga, here comes the Attila the Hun Killin niggaz for fun, these rappers is done The bigger they come, the harder they fall I burn like the sun, continue to ball He's got nuts and plus the Don touch and split the fine dutch, Starsky call Hutch He's laid, with some sluts, up in some guts Just back, in the cut, he thinks he's King Tut Cain't fuck, this nigga up, cause just, the nigga luck That niggaz, really love him and tear the city up Uhh, even though I'm fuckin with the po'-po' Them nigga know how I act in the low-low [W.C.] I'm ghetto like grits, die befo' I snitch Off my ass khakis sag like cellulite tits bitch Under the suede, headliner and I ain't yo momma Play with my dollars on yo' ass they'll be layin flowers I put a hole in your brain with these hollow hot rocks Hittin the switch, makin the fo' hopscotch Rollin up imperial in dickie material All in your periphreal, throwin shells at your vehicle Clipped up, pimped up, big chipped up Stacy Adams tips spiffed up, golf hat flipped up I blow yo' ass off the map, fuck with Dub I'll have yo' ass rollin home with windshield glass on your lap Fuck rap, I'm wearin a creased tee, eatin ribs Laughin at you niggaz on MTV Cribs I got the chrome thang thang to make the dome stank Hood life forever bitch, chrome and paint, c'mon [Ice Cube] Street lights (woop woop) {*2X*} Even though I'm fuckin with the po'-po' Them nigga know how I act in the low-low Slow mo', nigga check out my promo You mo'fo's can't fuck with my mojo [Ice Cube] Street lights {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Laugh Now, Cry Later Song: Steal the Show Typed by: lbigback@gmail.com [Ice Cube] Yeah, Steal The Show baby [Ice Cube] Ima have to ride the ride the ride Til' I find a girl to slip inside Ice Cube aint never been shot Aint never got got, up in the parking lot Nigga, Scott Storch will bang the instrumental South Central here comes the presidential Pull up jump out the lowrider A real lyricist nigga fuck a ghostrider Dance baby im your provider Yous a fly girl bitch ima spider Im on that ass like please leave me alone A few drinks you like please follow me home I just hope you aint 5150 Thats a crazy hoe even though she pretty Ice Cube only one el loco With the volco put your ass in a chold hold Stone cold oh yeah fuck the Broncos Raider down, everybody better lay it down Think im P.G. you must got a squeegy Are you crazy, down since eazy Here, shoulders, knees and toes Work that pussy across the flo' Shake that body, Steal The Show Ice Cube bitch im about to blow (Lets go) Im about to do it like this here Walk over spit game in this bitch ear Let her know my name and I got it right here Girl you know the game can I get a volunteer Im about to do it like this here Walk over spit game in this bitch ear Let her know my name and I got it right here Plus a pound of weed do I got a volunteer [Ice Cube] Goin once goin twice A nigga nice when I turn off the lights Tell your friends yo fuck they advice Cause some time them hoes act like dykes Cock blockers, pull out your mouth piece Game over, we up in the range rover Wake up in the morning with a hangover Roll over do the whole damn thang over Ima roller, took her ass back where I drove her And we still aint sober, motherfucker it still aint hova Its the super nova, niggas been doin over Ice Cube been rappin since 84' About the cocaine streets and the po'-po' Introduce you to my 6-4 low-low Yeah the one the just pulled out the mo-mo [Ice Cube] Punks jump up to get beat down Daddy home motherfucker put your feet down Jump up yall better clean up Cause I might done pull out this nina Put your cups up boy if you fucked up And you got the baddest bitch up in the club Put your cups up even if she ugly And it look like the bitch play rugby We could take me anywhere where the thugs be When they see me motherfuckers wanna hug me Its all love cuz, its all love blood Its all love when them niggas thrownin up the dub Its all love with the brown and they yellow man Cause a nigga got money like the jello man Mo money, yo money, hoe money Mama didnt raise no dummy learn from me Cause I could flip shit fast as bisquick Mr. Butterworth take it for what its worth I got them low lows flat like pancakes Sippin on syzzurp Fuck what ya hizzerd [Ice Cube] Steal The Show baby [Mike Epps] You know a lot of these bitches need an antibiotic Moxacillin, Penicillin, something with a slin' in it They want a sugar daddy, they want a man on a fixed income They want man where they can come over to the old mans house And go in the back porch and get $30 or $40 every here and there And get in they honda and ride on off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Snoop Dogg Album: Laugh Now, Cry Later Song: You Gotta Lotta That Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Ice Cube] Hey... you wit' da ass (you wit' da ass), you wit' da ass (you wit' da ass) C'mere... wassup? What's your name girl? Who you come wit'? I'm wit' Snoop Dogg.. and my whole click [Chorus: Snoop Dogg] - repeat 2X A nigga need a shot of that.. and I know where they got it at Damn girl, you gotta lotta that Won't you let a real nigga go and holla back? [Ice Cube] Look at you girl, light brown, ass round Feel like a nigga chasin down a rebound It's bouncin like a basketball, if you got no ass at all Sorry girl but you won't make the casting call Skinny bitches need to find that nutritionist Shit that make yo' ass so thick and delicious Is it the food or is it the water? That make your daughter wanna show what Momma taught her C'mere.. let me whisper in yo' ear (wassup) Tell ya all that bullshit that you wanna hear (let's fuck) You prolly hate my fuckin guts in a year But right about now, you like a nigga's style huh? How I talk, how I smell, how I smile How I think, how I fuck, how I grab Fuck wit' me, ya get ya meat and ya vegetables Fuck wit' him, ya get a fuckin metrosexual You want a man stronger than you Not a motherfucker in the mirror longer than you Break a nail and his punk ass lookin for glue You want a nigga wit' a hard dick lookin at you (lookin at you) [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Snoop Dogg] You came up in there lookin all cute and stuff You and yo' homegirl, a pimp couldn't get enough You talk that shit like you weren't up in there just to fuck Well guess what? Now bitch you wit' us! Yeah have a sip {*sipping noise*}, go take a puff Go and spend another blunt, naw roll it up! What yo' name? A nigga love how you came You just in need of some game And I got that good thang, yeah it's a Westside hood thing Let ya party over day and hit ya wit' that ding-a-ling I got that good shit, lollipop (lollipop) And once I get up in ya, I make ya body rock (body rock) A thick little bad bitch, walk wit' a switch Now all you need now is some gangster dick It's the Big Bow Wizzow, you know I'm on the pusszow Doggystizyle, that make ya kitty kat meow (meow!) Dick deep, freak-a-leek, fuck some sleep And don't tell me that I'm... "innnn too deep" Okay (okay).. alright (alright).. Westside baby girl, we do it all night (fo' sho) [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Ice Cube] Do ya thing girl, fuck what they lookin at Shake it for me mami, work that pussycat Do ya thing girl, fuck what they lookin at Shake it for me mami, work that pussycat Put it on me girl, what the fuck you scared of? We just in the club, actin like we making love I know you full of liquor, put it on my zipper Drop it down now and throw it on a nigga [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Kokane, W.C. Album: Laugh Now, Cry Later Song: Spittin' Pollaseeds Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Ice Cube] Fuck a ghostwriter, sittin' in the back of the studio tryin' to write a nigga rap It's the muppet show, most niggaz need A&R to tell 'em how to fuck a hoe Ice Cube, true emcee Write everything I say, even back in the day I'ma spit it how I feel it, fuck a gimmick You can keep your catchy lines, I'm bout to write a rhyme If you got a backpack tryin' to act black Think you know the culture? You's a fuckin' vulture You never approached a mic You're dressed like a dyke sayin' what ya don't like Who deserve 5 Mics, who deserve 2 But the nigga with 2 still can serve you This West Coast flow is different than the East But it ain't no different in the street [Chorus: Kokane] I'm spittin' pollaseeds (I'm spittin' pollaseeds) I crack 'em one by one 'cause I don't wanna be greedy Cause the salt might make you choke (I'm spittin' pollaseeds) I'm spittin' pollaseeds I crack 'em one by one 'cause I don't wanna be greedy Because these niggaz is salty they'll make you choke Oh oh, you niggaz got me fucked up [Ice Cube] I'm spittin' pollaseeds on the porch with the torch In case these niggaz come around to see the Porsche When I brandish, motherfuckers vanish They don't understand like a nigga speakin' Spanish No comprende, me no speak no Engle Here (*slap*) now yo' ass feelin' tingley Now you're doin' shit like Darryl Stingley Don't get stung by the motherfuckin' stingray Jumpin' over niggaz, y'all better king me Put your rap careers up on eBay Crazy Toones is the motherfuckin' DJ Baby drop to your knees, he deserves a BJ I got a big brother nicknamed CJ When you see him in the hood take it easy If you a breezy, take him to the heezy Do him like Halle Berry did Michael Ealy [Chorus: Kokane] I'm spittin' pollaseeds (I'm spittin' pollaseeds) I crack 'em one by one 'cause I don't wanna be greedy Cause the salt might make you choke I'm spittin' pollaseeds (I'm spittin' pollaseeds) I crack 'em one by one, 'cause I don't wanna be greedy Because these niggaz is salty they'll make you choke Oh oh (I'm spittin' pollaseeds) [W.C.] Quick to twist ya, hit ya, it's the chipper Pistol gripper, skip-skipper runnin' up in your rearview mirror Ready to bust with my bandana, bumpin' oldies Cube throw me the lob like Odom to Kobe So I could bust a Crip Walk on these niggaz Yellow tape off these niggaz, fuck all these salty niggaz They can't hold our shit Gangsta rap ain't dead, motherfuckers just stole our shit All you niggaz owe us alimony All you did was switch your name and ate our style up like ravioli On your club raps I'm pissin', talk shit I'll knock your Comodi glasses off your face under the transmission, nigga From the Westside fuckin' up the program With the surplus hanky hangin' out the Brougham Dub Sizzla, dippin' on them 'draulics and D's Spittin' shells at you niggaz like pollaseeds [Chorus: Kokane] I'm spittin' pollaseeds I crack 'em one by one 'cause I don't wanna be greedy Cause the salt might make you choke I'm spittin' pollaseeds I crack 'em one by one, 'cause I don't wanna be greedy Because these niggaz is salty they'll make you choke, oh oh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Laugh Now, Cry Later Song: Holla @ Cha' Boy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] I knew you niggaz would be back See, see, you need to fuck with me y'knahmean? Yeah, you need to holla at your boy man (holla) Stop fuckin with them punk niggaz man with that shit (That's what you get) That shit stepped on nigga (that's what you get) I got that raw, I got that... UNGH! [Intro: Ice Cube] Twenty-fo' seven - holla at your boy What you need baby? C'mon with it - holla at your boy I got it all day, in the hallway - holla at your boy Sick of that blow up - holla at your boy [Ice Cube] That's what you get for fuckin with them niggaz Come and see me for that real O.G. He a O-Z, I'm a whole ki' Dope as a motherfucker, son a whole seed Bitches fiend for it, then they lean for it It ain't cocaine, but they wanna still blow it What you need, what you need Hoes offer me the pink slip and the deed (yes indeed) Treat it just like weed Hit the right end then pass it to her friend (uh-huh) I'm a hustler, you a customer Them other niggaz you like, straight fuckin ya Some of 'em lyin (yup) most of 'em trickin Others are dyin, some of 'em victims When you come from South Central L.A. That shit is like dirt weed, a nigga got a headache (holla) [Chorus: Ice Cube] If you want it raw now, make the call now Look me up nigga - holla at your boy Fiendin for that good shit, take a look bitch What you need baby - holla at your boy I got it all day, in the hallway On Broadway - holla at your boy Sick of that blow up, gettin stepped on Nigga come on home - holla at your boy [Ice Cube] "Ice Cube!" Back then they used to fuck me Now that I'm hot these bitches still love me (Why?) Cause I'm far from ugly Everywhere I go they wanna kiss and hug me They say "Dopeman, dopeman! I got your money don't turn into Konnan" Don't wanna see the G-hand (bitch) I am the man from here to Cleveland Don't get mad, I get e-van Try to shake the van, think you're sleep-an Oh my God this nigga's leak-in Somebody best to call the deacon (uh-huh) Any dose is a overdose Leave your punk-ass dead or a comatose (yeah) And if you don't wanna listen My shit'll crack you out like Tyrone Bigguns [Ice Cube] Holla, yeah But don't 2-way a nigga Bitch that ain't nothin but a transcript Dumb bitch (I'll holla) Don't 2-way a nigga man (I'll holla) Damn! [Ice Cube] 20 years I've been servin you fiends for 20 years Why would you fuck with anybody else, ha? That's why you're fucked up right now, ain't it? You need to get at me You know I got it, and I know you want it  - holla at your boy [Mike Epps] C'mon Cube let me rap on here I'm, I'm just tryin to sack somethin up! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Ice Cube f/) Keith David Album: Raw Footage Song: What Is a Pyroclastic Flow? Typed by: peterthecheater@live.nl [Keith David] What's the definition of a pyroclastic flow? That's what happens when a volcano blow That's what happens when Ice Cube starts to flow Red hot lava mixed with salava Pulvarising everything in it's wake Nothing can survive a pyroclastic flow And noone will survive this one The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Young Jeezy Album: Raw Footage Song: I Got My Locs On Typed by: dextert18@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist I got my locs on (2x) And you can't see my eyes (2x) I got my locs on (2x) And you can't tell I'm high (2x) I got my locs on (2x) And you can't see my eyes (2x) I got my locs on (2x) And you can't tell I'm high (2x) [Ice Cube - Verse 1] I got my locs on, welcome to the terrordome I got them carrots on givin off them pheromones women love it when they see me on that motorcycle niggas hate it cuz they know I'm makin more than Michael been ballin since the word ballin played out they brought it back to describe me in that maybach me and Jeezy Jeezy rollin with our locs on smokin somethin good fuckin up the ozone  [Young Jeezy - Verse 2] brand new Versaces ran me a buck 50 (they must have set you back) naw baby not really switchin lanes yes yea the chopper's just silly when it's bustin at your ass we just laughin at ya really I got my locs on dickies on keep the workin niggas on keep the cashmere vickis on yea she keep them vickis on keep my locs on see you hatin motherfuckers keep my locs on you know they match my bag suckas [Verse 3] I got my locs on cuz my eyes are burgundy and when I get home I don't want the third degree the verdict be urgently these niggas wanna murder me they scared of the consequences comin from my defenses it ain't that expensive have your ass hoppin fences lucky motherfucker missed your ass by some inches next time understand what you fuckin' with, it's legendary status sittin behind these glasses nigga  The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Raw Footage Song: It Takes a Nation Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] There are seven known wonders of the world Yeah, hehe, you about to witness the 8th muh'fucker I got King Kong in my trunk, King Kong in my doors My nuts play ping-pong from the noise You can hear me from a block away I'm sittin next to yo' ass and can't hear, what you got to say My shit is loud, my ears is ringin My paint job is wet, my chrome is gleamin I feel like a vet ballin on these rookies An old school bully, you must have played hooky I bring it like a bookie my aggression is depressin Don't give a motherfucker time to learn his lesson! A LUNATIC~! Y'all know what I represent The only rapper who wanna fistfight the President! [Chorus: repeat 4X] It take a nation of niggaz to hold us back [Ice Cube] When I bang this is dangerous, niggaz go brainless So bang this with the fo'-five stainless And understand that you lookin at the famous West coast rapper, who act like a anus Hollywood! They thought they could tame this pitbull, but I know what the game is Them fuckers cheat like a NBA ref If you smoke one they'll electrocute you to death I got God on my intellect, Godzilla on my neck When a nigga come through, who you wanna holla at Ghostriders hit the deck, when your boy got a tec Where the fuck is, Afrika, Bambaataa at? We need to take it back, fuck Viacom Clear Clear Channel, and Radio One You motherfuckers programmed by the programmers That's why you gettin locked up by the do' slammers Not me! [Ice Cube] They music so fluffy, I'ma stay gutter That shit is kind of popcorn, my shit is so butter My style never change, in 22 summers Straight independent, and doin my numbers This ship don't sail, you know I'm still paid So sourpuss niggaz, can drink lemonade I'm doin it for the love, you doin it because you need that advancement to spend on them dubs I don't need a penny, but I need many Don't worry about my money boy cause I got plenty You muh'fuckers worry about flossin so much You don't know the fundamentals you forgot how to brush! These 32 teeth, will give yo' ass grief Bite you like a Fatburger if you got beef So who's it gon' be? Your favorite MC You scared of the government they scared of me Now what? [Chorus] * except last line changed * It take a nation of niggaz and streets of crack {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Raw Footage Song: Gangsta Rap Made Me Do It Typed by: komar5@yandex.ru [Female Insert] Maestro!!! [Ice Cube] Blame me [Intro: Ice Cube] You niggaz know my pyroclastic flow You niggaz know my pyroclastic flow flow You niggaz know my pyroclastic flow it's R-A-W, R-A-W [Ice Cube] You looking at the grand wizard, war lord vocal chord so vicious And I don't have to show riches to pull up pull off with some bad bitches And it ain't about chivalry It's about dope lyrics and delivery It's about my persona ain't nothing like a man that can do what he wanna Ain't nothing like man on that you knew on the corner See 'em come up and fuck up the owner See 'em throw up Westside California Nigga I'm hot as Phoenix Arizona I'm utah I got multiple bitches It's a new law keep a hold of yo riches Dumb nigga don't spend it as soon as you get it And recognize I'm a captain and you a lieutenant [Chorus 1] I can say what I want to say ain't nothin to it gangsta rap made me do it If I call you a nigga ain't nothin to it gangsta rap made me do it I can act like an animal ain't nothin to it gangsta rap made me do it If I eat you like a cannibal ain't nothin to it gangsta rap made me do it [Ice Cube] I'm raw as a dirty needle Choke an eagle Just to feed all my people Lyrically I'm so lethal Plant thoughts in they mind just to defeat you Ice Cube is a saga y'all spit saliva And I spit lava I got the fearless flow Don't get near this ho If you sacred to go I keep it gangsta and why should change that fuck you all you motherfuckers tryin to change rap But arent you the same cat that sat back when they brought cocaine back I'm tryin to get me a Maybach how you motherfuckers gonna tell me don't say that you the ones that we learned it from I heard nigga back in 1971 [Chorus 2] So if I act like a pimp ain't nothin to it gangsta rap made me do it If I call you a nappy headed ho ain't nothin to it gangsta rap made me do it If I shoot up your college ain't nothin to it gangsta rap made me do it If I rob you of knowledge ain't nothin to it gangsta rap made me do it [Ice Cube] Thank God when I bless the mic You finally get to hear the shit that you like A nigga talkin bout real life so you can try to get this shit right Use your brain not your back use your brain not a gat It's a party not a jack (for real) Don't be scared of them people Walk up in there and show them that you equal (fuck them fuck them) Don't be material a nigga grew up on milk and cereal I never for got vaness and imperial Look at my life Ice Cube is a miracle It could be you if you was this lyrical It could be her if she was this spiritual Cuz me and Allah go back like cronies I don't got to be fake cause he is my homie [Chorus 3] If I sell a liitle crack ain't nohin to it gangsta rap made me do it If I die and I rap ain't nohin to it gangsta rap made me do it If I take you for granted ain't nohin to it gangsta rap made me do it If I fuck up the planet ain't nohin to it gangsta rap made me do it [Intro] [Ice Cube] Oh yeah and another thing For all ya niggaz that don't do gangsta rap Don't get on TV talkin about gangsta rap Cause 9 times at a 10 you don't know the fuck you talk about Talk about that bullshit rap you do Stay the fuck out of mine The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Raw Footage Song: Hood Mentality Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Ice Cube] Fuck school nigga, I'ma be a dope dealer I'ma be a killa, yep a urban guerrilla I'ma stack scrilla, yeah buy me a villa Sell a 5-0 to my auntie Priscilla I don't give a fuck that she look like "Thriller" Hit that shit one more time and fuck around and kill her Cause I got the heart of a Pittsburgh Steeler Black nigga draped in gold, with a nine milla Love money, love jail, love that penitentiary mail Love the way these niggaz smell, keep comin' back, can't you tell? Love to see my mama cry, love to see my babies struggle Love to see my woman juggle nuts 'cause she got to hustle I don't give a fuck how my life go Now I'm a slave man to this caveman without Geico Everybody wanna call Michael a psycho But he ain't never came through the hood with a rifle Gunnin' niggaz down 'cause they don't got the right clothes Hit the wrong person 'cause we shoot just like hoes First I was blood thirsty, Mr.-Mr. Controversy Now I wanna beg for mercy, should have took my ass to Berkeley [Chorus] - X 2 If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality How the fuck we supposed to change our reality? If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality How the fuck we supposed to change our reality? [Ice Cube] Fuck school nigga, if I grow a little taller Everybody tell me I'm gon' do it, I'm gon' be a baller So fuck that thinkin', fuck that thank and fuck them Lincoln's, I want Franklin's Come back through here with my crew, I'm gon' have my own shoe I'm gon' be that little fool comin' in your living room Starting point guard nigga, fresh out of middle school Either it's the NBA or it's the NFL I don't know what else I can do to keep my ass up out of jail I wanna be like Tiger Woods, swing that club, make you sick (I wanna be like Pacman Jones), (I wanna be like Michael Vick) I wanna be like Barry Bonds, (I wanna be like O.J. Simpson) Leave this field, leave this prison, tell you motherfuckers where to kiss 'em I wanna be all broke up, movin' all old and slow I wanna be a alcoholic just like Broadway Joe I wanna be a sideshow, kinda like Iron Mike Used to have a few Bentleys, now I just ride a bike [Chorus] - X 2 If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality How the fuck we supposed to change our reality? If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality How the fuck we supposed to change our reality? [Ice Cube] Fuck school nigga, they ain't tryin' to educate me All they give a fuck is what I memorized lately I'm gon' have to teach myself, clock that money, get that wealth I wanna be like Santa Claus, I don't wanna be no fuckin' elf No kid left behind but he get the run-around Can't you motherfuckers see that they tryin' to dumb us down? Don't trust the government, President is for sale He don't give a fuck about a nigga, just a oil well Sell crack, go to jail, bust a rap, go to hell Do I got to sell my soul if I wanna go to Yale? Go kiss Oprah's ass if you wanna be Gail I'd rather have my ass kissed up in Bloomingdale You can go be a pimp, you can go be a hoe But you only gon' get paid off what you know If you don't know shit, then you can't work for me Cause you read your first book in the penitentiary [Chorus] - X 2 If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality How the fuck we supposed to change our reality? If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality How the fuck we supposed to change our reality? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Raw Footage Song: Why Me? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*Ice Cube ad libs and shouts for first 20 seconds*} [Ice Cube] Why the fuck you wanna murrr-dah me? Your punk ass never heard of me I never did nuttin to your family Still you wanna kill a young nigga randomly You wanna take the life God handed to me Send it back to him cause you ain't a fan of me Scary bitch with a gun that ain't a man to me That's a animal, a fuckin cannibal I'm Geronimo and Hannibal, with international gangster pull, I'm a bull in Barcelona with a Corona, youse a fake-ass nigga Where's your owner? I'm a real live man You a persona, now I'm a goner Call my momma, and the coroner Mr. Gun Man, your plan is workin Cause niggaz is dyin, and mommas is hurtin [Chorus - sung] Why you wanna murder me? You never ever heard of me You don't know who I am, I could be part of your family tree Now - sent by G-O-D, to save the world, you & me You never know who you facin, who you chasin, the life you wastin [Ice Cube] I was made by the one and only G-O-D To take my life, to the T-O-P Now here comes a motherfuckin D-O-G who ain't happy 'til a nigga is R.I.P. Tryin to be somethin he saw on BET Either T.I.P., or B.I.G. I don't give a fuck what you saw on TV but a one-eight-seven don't make an O.G. I'm an O.G., never had to fake it God gave me this, how you gon' take it? What'chu gon' tell 'em, when you get to heaven and he asks you why did you send back his present? Who the fuck are you~? You motherfuckin peasant! Even got the nerve to ask the man for a blessing Send his ass to Hades with his big Mercedes Nigga hell on earth is bein stuck in the 80's [Ice Cube] Before you shoot me man think about it Let's go have a drink about it Before you make a stink about it Man let's talk about it maybe we can walk up out it But just don't be a coward And take my life, cause you got the power of the white man's gunpowder Cause you might face a gun tower And time never run out They take the fun out, 'til your life run out So don't pull the gun out If you ever want a house just like Run's house It's better than the big house Let's go find some women we can dig out Find a place we can pig out Party all night 'til the owner say get out [Ice Cube] Dedicated to all the niggaz That's dead and don't know why Who wanna look at the nigga who shot 'em And ask these questions Why me homey, why me? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Raw Footage Song: Cold Places Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash To all my people goin through it on a daily basis And it seem like the world is full of cold places Keep yo' head up, fuck what they said cause you can do it and the man will get you through it I believe that, homey I believe that If I can picture that, I'll bring a picture back [Ice Cube] They say "Gangster, gangster! Tell me how you do it How you get through it and them other niggaz blew it" I keep my eye on the prize then pursue it Chase it like a cheetah chuck it out and subdue it So self-educate, nigga don't hate Cause the game I got, is Madden oh-eight Fuck with Cube, I'm better than YouTube Fuck with them dudes them niggaz is new school The game don't change just the players The rhymes don't change just the fuckin rhymesayers (Hahahaha!) They make it up as they go along But I'm goin on 25 years strong The shit I say might get you through the day Or change your whole life, in a major way The shit they say, might catch you a case The shit I say, feel like your birthday [Ice Cube] You know what? Momma said it'd be days like this Straight hell on earth, but come up out the abyss She said "Don't let 'em see you crawl, don't let 'em see you fall All they wanna do is laugh when you tear your drawers" It's a cold world nigga bring a bomber jacket If it's another hustle out there I'ma crack it Fuck the new dance I'ma learn how to eat Get my mind right, stay up out these fuckin streets They keep callin me They keep callin, all the lil' homies keep fallin In them same traps niggaz cain't figure out In the fast lane boy but the bridge is out Make my blood boil, get yo' life spoiled Get you in the system, get you in the soil And your funeral was sponsored by Unocal Saw you UVN, nigga digital [Ice Cube] I know, it's fucked up how they do us Pretend they really care, but then they Jerry Lewis Take that money that was allocated to us Put us in some fucked up trailers then sue us Watchin Katrina, is worser than Ike & Tina See New Orleans get bitchslapped by FEMA Louisiana got racist-ass politics Free the Jena Six (NIGGA FREE THE JENA SIX~!) Your honor, Osama, Obama Even, yo' momma, ain't fuckin with my comments They want us to quit, forget And not give a shit about these sick-ass politics A lunatic is in the White House Make me wanna go do a lick right now But they'll make a nigga bow down in the penitentiary, a billion dollar industry [Ice Cube] I believe that, homey I believe that If I can picture that, I'll bring a picture back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Raw Footage Song: Jack N the Box Typed by: dextert18@gmail.com {voice} the west-coast warlord the grime wizard Ice Cube motherfucking head so big they call him jack n the box {1st verse} I'm a superhero, like Lou Ferrigno maybach deniro, look like a zero Shine the spotlight, this is my night Get your camera's ready, let it rain confetti I'm a champion, I do what can't be done in the real league nerd not the fantasy one Throw your hands up, you can cheer for your boy when I hit the stage get a ear full of noise when I bring the noise from here to Illinois motherfuckers love when I do what it does I'm all-star, superstar entertainer world class, first ballad hall of famer some rappers claim that they got a heart full of anger how when your lyrics were written by a stranger fool I'm the greatest, you just the latest I'm loved by your grandmamma, and your babies {Chorus} See my head is so big they call me jack n the box you can't impress me, so fuck what you got I say my head is so big they call me jack n the box don't talk about money cause I'm stacking a lot Shine that light on me, put that light on me cause I was sent to the world, by G O D Shine that light on me, put that light on me cause I was sent to the world, by G O D {2nd verse} I was a born loser, I was a born sinner now I am a winner, in the convention centre I got to take a bow, cause I still wonder how the system didn't get me when I was a juvenile (just think) just think if I had got locked up no "Boyz N Tha Hood" thanks to America no easy N.W.A. no "Friday" Don't let ya motherfucking talent go to waste Don't catch a case cause these people got a place to throw your life away and take you right out the waist throw your hands up, you got to man up I had to show the world, what I was made of what you say blood, I was a slave cuz now I'm VIP, up in Vegas I'm up in Nike town, so how you like me now see the whole industry had to bite my style {Chorus} See my head is so big they call me jack n the box I knew we would win, so I'm bragging a lot I say my head is so big they call me jack n the box my shit is so dope, it's like cracking a pop Shine that light on me, put that light on me cause I was sent to the world, by G O D Shine that light on me, put that light on me cause I was sent to the world, by G O D {Bridge 2x} Now mama don't be mad, I got to show my ass and thank these motherfuckers for my past I got to let them know I never brake like glass (never) what you looking at is top notch world class {Chorus} See my head is so big they call me jack n the box you can't impress me, so fuck what you got I say my head is so big they call me jack n the box don't talk about money cause I'm stacking a lot Shine that light on me, put that light on me cause I was sent to the world, by G O D Shine that light on me, put that light on me cause I was sent to the world, by G O D The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Raw Footage Song: Do Ya Thang Typed by: DCS10251980@yahoo.com Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at! Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at! [Verse 1] I'm in that Hot Thang, gutter lane Dippin' with that wood grain So fuckin' hood, mayne They call me The Boogeyman In that slow lane, what is your whole name? I forgot this ho's name, I'll call her Louise Lane Up on that boulevard, 24's rotate  Ice Cube comin' through, gotta make the hoes wait Roll at my own pace  nigga, don't hate! Fuck all you fat-fuckers leanin' up against my paint! Ice Cube, I steal a little paint (Movie star!) Fuck you! Pour a nigga a lil' drink! That's how it's goin' down out here in California Listen to my people, when a nigga hit the corner! Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at! Mirror, mirror, on the wall Who is the flyest one of all? [Verse 2] Now pull in the parking lot Nigga, find a parking spot Fired up, everyone want to spark a lot Puff-puff-pass, we out on Ave. Lookin' for a big fat ass to harass! Is it you? Uh-huh, I see you lookin' When we roll by, pussy still cookin' Freaks get tooken when they lookin' for stars  If you don't like my face  bitch, look at my car! Keep it simple, I told you once befo' It really don't matter how I get you to the mo' It really don't matter how I get you in my low Just hop in, let's go And let your friends know! Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at! Mirror, mirror, on the wall Who is the flyest one of all? [Verse 3] Do ya thang, girl! Fuck what they lookin' at! We the dogs gettin' chased by the pussycat West Coast, baby - with so much gravy You should call The Navy, ever since the 80's I've been doin' good, they been doin' bad When I see you walk by, I'm pursuin' that But never chase it, my game is so basic As soon as I lace it  baby, wanna taste it? Just face it, put me to the test Ice Cube would ace it, I'm built for success Fuck a Rockstar! We wanna party like a Rap Star In the club, in the house, or the backyard (Yay-yay!) You make it rain with ones, I make it rain with hun's And we get lap-dance from nuns  They put away they crucifix And they say, "Ice Cube  boy, you the shit!" Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at! Mirror, mirror, on the wall Who is the flyest one of all? Mirror, mirror, on the wall Who is the flyest one of all? [Bridge] I see you lookin' at me We don't give a fuck! What you lookin' at? We gonna give it up! Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Mirror, mirror, on the wall Who is the flyest one of all? Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at!  Do ya thang, mayne Fuck what they lookin' at! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Raw Footage Song: Thank God Typed by: dextert18@gmail.com {Intro} I do gangsta rap They wanna blame world problems on gangsta rap It's our fault, cause motherfuckers is dying in Iraq It's our fault, cause motherfuckers is starving in Africa It's gangsta rap fault, that people are poor can't get enough to fucking eat or live their life That's rap music fault It's rap music fault, that we got all this goddamn laws and restriction and shit we can't do They blame it all on us I'm blamin' them for gangsta rap, because if they didn't create this kind of condition I wouldn't have shit to rap about You know what I mean? A'right, a'right, everybody back up, star status comin' through The man is in the building Don't touch him, don't look at him, and don't ask to take a picture {1st verse} I walks in, with that California swagger With that attitude that it ain't nothin' badder Now you can call me rapper Or you can call me mister Big money trapper, fuckin' with your sister I'ma do it my way, from here to Zimbabwe It's too hot today Fuck what you got to say Fuck if you mad at me, better go change your battery Ain't gonn take my sunshine, like I hit the lottery Ah, he's a show off, a hot head go off Yeah don't make he mad He might tear the fucking door off Take all his cars, and don't try to fall Cuz one of his people, might cut your fucking toe off Ice Cube baby, make you take him serious Everthin' I say, ends with a period Everthin' I do, ends with you curious Lookin' for the best rapper God damn period {Chorus} (Thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back (x3) And we don't gotta put up with this brainless rap (So thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back (x3) And we don't gotta put up with this brainless rap Comin' live from Los Angeles I know you hate to see me comin' (I know, I know) I know you saved a little something (I know, I know) I know your mouth is still runnin' (I know, I know) All smiles when I'm coming {Verse 2} When I step up in the spot Is he a thug or not Is he a jugganaught, no I'm a astronaught Nose all in the clouds, Ya'll think I'm too proud Got to stay above the crowd, How you fuckers like me now Some of ya'll start to smile Some of ya'll start to frown Some of ya'll back up All niggers start to clap Now I gotta act up, kinda like Bobby Brown Better call for back up, when I shut this lobby down When will you realise the cycle will continue though Commercials for gatorade Boy is it in you hate to see me comin' Riches full of drummin' (???) Me and my ladies Superman and Wonder Woman He think he the shit, the shit think he me So come smell mine, I bet it don't stink I am the link, the food and the drink The colour in the Kool aid, the nigger in the meat (Don't trip) {Chorus} (Thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back (x3) And we don't gotta put up with this brainless rap (So thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back (x3) And we don't gotta put up with this brainless rap I know you hate to see me comin' (I know, I know) I know you saved a little something (I know, I know) I know your mouth is still runnin' (I know, I know) All smiles when I'm comin' Thank God that The Gangsta's back (Scratched) {3rd verse} When will they realise, they'll never stop me They call me arrogant They call me cocky Just because, I wont let them chop me They want to whoop my ass, but this ain't Rocky I'm as hot as an habotchi Star child comin' And I promise ya'll i'ma keep it one hun'ed Ya'll promise me you wont T.R.I.P Or I'ma have to hit your ass with a 2 piece Hit you with some rice and two more sides Don't you know my niggers turn haters in the mash poetatus I'm the macaroni with the cheese nigger please when you see me on the red carpet, down on your knees {Chorus} (Thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back (x3) And we don't gotta put up with this brainless rap (So thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back (x3) And we don't gotta put up with this brainless rap I know you hate to see me comin' (I know, I know) I know you saved a little something (I know, I know) I know your mouth is still runnin' (I know, I know) All smiles when I'm comin' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Doughboy Album: Raw Footage Song: Here He Come Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Ice Cube] I am the one, that you heard about, read about I am the one, that had to take the ghetto route I am the one, don't make me pull this ghetto out I'm comin' straight from the cave who let him out Crazy nigga thought he was gone, but he ain't gone Even King Kong took his black monkey ass home When I hit the block, watch them scatter like roaches So don't be fake, 'cause I know what a hoe is Handle my business, no playin' 'cause I'm focused You the definition of what a fuckin' joke is When they see you comin', they play with your emotions Fuck with my emotions and they find you in the oceans Yeah I said oceans, yeah I mean plural My boy got a knife to turn a boy into a girl We'll fuck up your world, no boos to my drama We'll include yo mama, if you fuck with my commas I ain't tryin' to scary you I ain't tryin' to hear you I ain't tryin' to control that nigga in the mirror I'll I'm tryin' to is bark before I fight Before I take you down, might as well be polite Hear 'em say, oh my God, here he come, here he come Hear 'em say, oh my God, here he come, here he come Hear 'em say, oh my God, here he come, here he come Hear 'em say, oh my God, here he come, here he come Don't tryin' to be no hero, you nothin' but a zero Don't tryin' to be no hero, you nothin' but a zero Don't tryin' to be a hero, you nothin' but a zero A nigga for the people, where ever they go we go [Ice Cube] Now when I roll through the hood, lil' kids watch my every move Tryin' to be a good example, don't make me bury you If you sit on my swagger, bitch take some carellflu Don't underestimate the damage caused by a '22 Pop yo' ass right behind the ear within' hear Nothin' like a firecracker, hits you like a linebacker Don't forget the grind factor, I am a grinder And here's a reminder, ain't no tellin' where they find ya Now what this got to do with the price of tea in China? Nothin' mothafucka just don't act like a vagina You won't catch the rath of this hardcore rhymer Now you got 55 niggas right behind ya Now you wanna talk it out, but we don't negotiate Now you gotta do all kind of shit that we know you hate Straight from the west and we got to be respected Here it's going down, here 'em runnin' for the exit Hear 'em say, oh my God, here he come, here he come Hear 'em say, oh my God, here he come, here he come Hear 'em say, oh my God, here he come, here he come Hear 'em say, oh my God, here he come, here he come Don't tryin' to be no hero, you nothin' but a zero Don't tryin' to be no hero, you nothin' but a zero Don't tryin' to be a hero, you nothin' but a zero A nigga for the people, where ever they go we go [Doughboy] See this boy in this bitch gonna ape shit Glitch Mob niggas takin' off like a spaceship Pace those to Euros, eatin' those green and great chips Get 'em by the bag, you can say we Feedo Lay chips I'm so hungry that I can eat these niggas faces Beat the plastic surgeons givin' Hollywood a face lift Off the grape shit, and I'm feelin' like I'm faceless The Mob you ain't in, nigga don't say shit You ain't nothin' to play with, nigga I beat the basics Cock and spray shit, quick to leave a nigga faceless Playin' Superman, we get a brave nigga sprayed quick Niggas can't fade this, music for the ages Because we get it in like Young Crush She be payin' big fishin' In the water bitch you in the deep end Boy I pull you deep in, underneath the deep end Nigga have you sinkin', when I hear you creepin', hear you sayin' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Raw Footage Song: Get Money, Spend Money, No Money Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com Yeah Gangsta Uh [Verse 1 - Ice Cube] Tell me all my children 'Fore I come through, is the hood in the building? (yes) You won't believe what I'm dealin This West coast shit, oh what a feelin (ah) Niggaz think I'm drug dealin 'Cause I roll by with no motherfuckin ceiling (none) Is he worth a hundred million? No need to ask Ice Cube how I'm livin (how ya livin loc?) I still got the recipe South Central LA is the pedigree Don't try to tell me what it better be I have your ass up in physical therapy A outlaw like a Cherokee The rap industry tried to bury me But if I died on the mic up at Larry B I'm so heavy you bitches couldn't carry me [Chorus - Ice Cube] - 2X Get money, spend money, no money, lookin like a dummy (I really don't give a fuck) Your money ain't my fuckin money, got a pocket full of money (Come on homie throw it up) [Verse 2 - Ice Cube] I don't accept no disrespect Only thing I expect is self check Just grin and bare it Got an ass whoopin that your ass don't wanna inherit Most rappers are parrots They say what they told to say, to get a neck full of carrots/karats Got your mama embarrassed How long 'fore they callin us terrorists? Nigga, I'm serious I, keep it gangsta but I keeps a job 'Cause it's, hard to sleep when you steal and rob And ya, got to run here comes the blob 'Cause, Uncle Sam is like part of the Mob Break your self he'll take your wealth Don't get it twisted, you a motherfuckin elf And Santa Claus will go for self All you got is your balls and your health [Chorus] - 2X [Verse 3 - Ice Cube] Niggaz brag about what they got But we don't own a skyscraper, now that's paper (now that's paper) One generation from slums Happy for these little crumbs, you little bums We saw you pull up but nigga shut up (shut up) You always talkin about a fuckin car or truck You always talkin about some fuckin rims or interior That kind of shit'll keep our ass inferior I'm tryin to eat tomorrow Ain't tryin to hear about the little bitty shit you bought Saw your little bitty house on "Cribs" Where you fuck your wife and feed your kids (uh uh) Nigga be quiet, ain't shit private Everything for sale, you can buy it All this self snitchin, all this self tellin Motherfuckers goin back to the watermelon [Chorus] - 4X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ The Game, W.C. Album: Raw Footage Song: Get Use to It Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Ice Cube] If you try to get with me, pull a four and a fifty Fuck your monkey ass up, like Bobby did Whitney Trigger fingers get itchy, when niggaz get bitchy And they need they story told on Jerry or Ricki Pull your green in your iffy, I'm clean and I'm spiffy If they lock me up today I'll be back in a jiffy All my niggaz that's with me, all my bitches are picky To ride around us right on time, bitch you know it's tricky Take a hit of the sticky, everybody get tipsy When we hittin' that whiskey, all my niggaz get pissy Don't fuck with no sissy, all we bumpin' is missy If you know where I am, motherfucker come get me I'm a man not a Mickey, all my niggaz love hickies that don't go away 'til you're well in your sixties All I'm wearin' is Dickies, don't try to evict me When we come to Atlanta we gon' re-open Nikki's [Chorus] - X 2 And y'all better get use to it And y'all better get use to it And y'all better get use to it And y'all better get use to it [W.C.] Barracuda with it, call security Fuck the dress code, I'm in a white T with jewelry Hand to my side with my nine, sat lyin' back In the club with your baby mama in my lap Lookin' fly like I got a pocket full of stones Pro fitted on, wearin' chronic cologne Big watch, big rocks, grip glocks, dick guap What you niggaz thought, motherfucker this is Lench Mob Dub make the trigger knock, talk shit I'll put additional air condition holes in your Bentley top And shorty got 'em gettin' low, I rich rolls Swervin' on them MVP's, I call 'em Kobe's cause they 24's Still spittin' out sunflowers, Dub and Don Dadda Bustin' more gun powder than gun towers Down South, y'all can Screw it, it's the West, too truest Keep the party jumpin' like do it fluid and never lose it [Chorus] - X 2 And y'all better get use to it And y'all better get use to it And y'all better get use to it And y'all better get use to it [The Game] Who my gangsta rap teacher? (Ice Cube) Nigga you better know it It's the Don Dadda Jr. slash motherfuckin' poet Sit back and take notes while I spin like hundred spokes My flow is razor sharp, I'm comin' straight for your throat With that West Coast, gangbang, watch him when his chain hang East Coast, Down South, niggaz do the same thang Throw up your dubs like Wu-Tang, who bang harder than that nigga bailin' through your hood with two chains Swangin' like his nuts, 'cause he don't give a fuck Bout no nigga that ain't bangin' in no khakis or some Chuck's It's that Westside, Connect'd with that nigga who flow so wreckless He spent a hundred thousand on his necklace, I'll bet this motherfuckin' Coast ain't got shit after me Ain't have shit before Cube except a W.C. The Maad Circle is back, with mad purple in fact I'm bout to join the Lench Mob, that's me squirtin' the mac, motherfuckers [Chorus] - X 2 And y'all better get use to it And y'all better get use to it And y'all better get use to it And y'all better get use to it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Raw Footage Song: Tomorrow Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] All hail to the West coast, I am the grand wizard The West coast warlord, and the future is today Cause tomorrow - that shit never come I worry 'bout today and this urban decay I worry 'bout hip-hop, when did it flip-flop Get whack, and turn into gridlock I don't know is it a government plot? I don't give a fuck whether you love it or not That's all we got and if you throw it away You dumb as OJ, off a for-tay In your Izod, this the rap God What'chu gon' put up, in your iPod? Downloader, what'chu gon' do when your favorite MC, got to sue you Cause he got to eat ain't nuttin taboo Get your ass beat by Erykah Badu Cause you wanna steal this good music Put me out of business, now you lose it [Chorus: sung with ad libs] Tomorrow, don't you worry 'bout tomorrow (that shit never come) This is very hard to swallow Keep your hand up on that throttle Don't you worry 'bout tomorrow [Ice Cube] Tomorrow, I'ma handle my business But today, I'ma drink this liquor Cause tomorrow, I might be a little quicker But today, I'm just the same old nigga You know that shit is still a day away Do yo' thang baby put your life on layaway Cause everybody is Nostradamus Boy don't you know that tomorrow ain't promised? To all the lil' mamas Don't do a nigga, like Isiah Thomas If you a bitch, please be honest Actin like a hoe you're not an an-gel While you're, daydreamin 'bout your future Motherfucker come around the corner and shoot you Don'tcha, get stuck in neutral Put your shit in drive, while you still alive cause [Ice Cube] Tomorrow~! That shit never come I know it sounds strange but today is never done I'm up in the Range when the clock strikes 1 While y'all countin sheep, I'm countin Benja-mons Up on my feet at the break of the sun President of the Gangster Na-tion We don't go to war, we go to the store We rob from the rich, and give to the poor Hip-Hop, oh what a bore Lettin college motherfuckers run the front door (Fuck that!) Let's take it back to the streets Don't let Viacom, dictate the heat The nerve of them, I never heard of dem Askin me about, my urban spins And if I got about, a thousand of them I'm a crate MC, accordin to them Fuck that! [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Ice Cube - over last repeat to fade] All hail to the West coast, I am the grand wizard The West coast warlord, the future is today Get your grind on mayne, get your grind on mayne, get your grind on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Raw Footage Song: Stand Tall Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] Now is the time... C'mon y'all Stand tall, live your life to the limit Cause haterism seem like a fucking epidemic And look at Ice Cube, I ain't no gimmick I'm straight from the hood, I got to represent it Now - every day I think about my color And all the crazy shit we do to one another I ain't your blood brother, but I'm your cuz brother Let's take it back to the love and how it was brother If not, we gon' pull these triggers Show the world we deserve to be called niggaz I make a fuck-up, like Don Imus bow on his knees, and call me yo' highness You can too, you got the power to Don't let this motherfuckin system devour you I won't pretend, or act like I'm knowin you But check it out I understand what you goin through [Chorus: sung from samples] But remember, brothers and sisters You can still, stand, tall Just be thankful... For what you got [Ice Cube] I know what y'all motherfuckers thinking, heh heh Here comes another rapper with a song about hope All you wanna hear is a song about dope And how a nigga got mo' money than the Pope But he'll never tell you when he drop the soap No~! Ice Cube is here to drop you a note Cause some of our folk used to hang from ropes And some of our people used to hang from trees Now the only thing hangin muh'fucker is DEEZ So, get your mind right, and I'ma rhyme right Fuck the limelight, and a blind dyke I'm the sunlight, too bright to look When it's all said and done I should write the book You too cool for school, too old to know? Get your ass off the grassroots and let 'em grow I understand, it ain't no love lost But little kids, it ain't no Santa Claus [Ice Cube] Yeah, f'real I was born in the mud but I came out clean That's 'til the government tried to intervene Tried to lock me up when I was only 19 Don't never ever ever let 'em kill your dream I make shit raw that piss off the law If you want some fake shit turn this off If you want some realness I know you can feel this Maybe we can heal this just like an illness Black on black, I got'cho back People don't think that we know how to act Just because our neighborhood is filled with crack And the CIA, won't take it back Never on top, always on the bottom Never put your trust in Hillary Rodham Cause I can tell you now it's gon' turn out rotten Keep on pushin, get 'em 'til we got 'em [Ice Cube] Stand up, f'real... Raise your hand if you sick of this bullshit Heh, in the belly of the evil empire {*fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Raw Footage Song: Take Me Away Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Ice Cube] Hahaha, today was a good day Know what?, sometimes I just get on my knees You know what I mean? And pray to the man with the master plan To swoop on down (swoop on down) On that mothership, scoop a nigga up...  Lord have mercy, my people so thirsty Come feed 'em, either Jesus or Muhammad All we get is vomit, come like a comet Put it in my brain Lord, put it in my stomach Only you can run it, I'ma learn from it Do what I gotta do, try not to plummet America eats its youth like reptiles Don't worry bout tomorrow, let's get this right now They want to run us in the ground Educate yourself before they dumb you down Get your money boy, the legal way Beat 'em with they own bullshit if you may Now rich white men they got the world fucked up Why should I give a fuck about a styrofoam cup? Environmental scene, I'll keep it clean But if I go green, you know what I mean, bitch Take me away from these people Take me away from these people (Take me away) Take me away from these people Take me away from these people [Ice Cube] Ice Cube for President Let's just do it for the hell of it See how I'd run the government - make money irrelevant I might tell a chick, it's illegal to be celibate Secret Service don't know where the hell I went Sorry y'all, I had to fuck a Superdelegate Dream ticket, Ice Cube and Obama American dream, Ice Cube and yo' mama The Terminator, are you Sarakana? Arnold Schwarzenegger, can kill who he wanna? In California, they strap you to a gurney And murder yo' ass, in front of your attorney Do you really wanna take this journey? Ain't scared of none of y'all motherfuckers like Bernie Mac (step back) Step back, I got the Mac-11 Unlike Obama, I'ma have to back my reverand Take me away from these people Take me away from these people (Take me away) Take me away from these people Take me away from these people [Ice Cube] Now the Lord is my shepherd, my flow is respected Worldwide, from the West I got to rep it So please check it, 'cause my style is infected with the virus, Ice Cube's the Osiris I bail through, they wanna put me up in Bellevue Cause my point of view is not red, white and blue It's black and blue residue I know what crack can do, to a whole fuckin' avenue Speak on it and they'll get mad at you You think I do this bullshit for your gratitude? I'm a Nigga With a Attitude I'ma do what I gotta do just to change my latitude Pimp the system, rollin' with my diamonds glistenin' And niggaz listenin', from your local prison I'm a prism, your only vision is a rainbow in the sky when I spit the ism, come on Take me away from these people (Take me away) Take me away from these people (Take me away) Take me away from these people (Take me away) Take me away from these people The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Raw Footage Song: Don't Make Me Hurt Ya Feelings Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] From hood to hood, sea to shinin sea Let this be the anthem, when you niggaz see me Fuck 'em, uh-huh When I'm on the block, and you see me chillin With that drop-top, don't let me hurt ya feelings When I'm in the club, lookin like a million With that bitch you love, don't let me hurt ya feelings [Ice Cube] Tick tock, niggaz see me on the block and they stomachs drop, cause I'm so fuckin hot Now, you know my M.O. pull up and blow the horn She runs out at night and comes back in the morn' Leave these niggaz lookin like Children of the Corn Ain't nuttin in the world like a bitch nigga scorned Forewarned if you thinkin 'bout this porn It may result in yo' drawers gettin torn nigga I'm Jose Jackson last born I'm a rooster, Foghorn Leghorn Youse a loser, get your feelings hurt when I seduce her She turn my dick to stone just like Medusa Mad cause I got my dick sucked, and my balls licked Faggot niggaz come out the closet You know that bitch you like that's throwin the P You know that bitch you like is goin with me [Ice Cube] Let the fo' chrome blow ya dome, nigga I'm the king of Rome Jim Jones these hoes into my living room Niggaz get jealous, at the Goodfellas "He's a hot dog~!" Nigga add relish Papered out, lay you out, fuckin with my paper route Take you out so momma cain't make you out When I creep niggaz read 'em and weep When they peep I'm a fuckin wolf dressed like a sheep So fresh, so clean, so nice, so mean She's a motherfuckin fiend for this niggarole supreme (yeay-yay) Hoes scream they wanna be on my team, but uhh It's a dream like Martin the King Heartbreaker, money taker, nigga, it's my nature to shake her, soon as a nigga break her And I'm done, you can have her back Sucker niggaz askin where yo' ass was at [Ice Cube] My hood, yo' hood, niggaz up to no good Get your shine on, please make it understood Get your grind on nigga 'til it's all good Run up on these 24's - wish you would I wish y'all bitch niggaz would Swizz Beatz wanna give you crybaby niggaz a pacifier When you see us comin get to runnin {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Raw Footage Song: Crack Baby? Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s? Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s? Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s? Are you the motherfucker that broke in my Mercedes? [Ice Cube] Let me tell y'all, the definition of shady It's a nigga like you that think it's all gravy Do some dumb shit, dumber than join the Navy What yo' broke ass doin' with a hundred babies? Strap it on please, you're spreadin' STD's throughout the hood, you's a walkin' disease You took the bad ones, and you turned 'em into sad ones Bitch you dumb too, fuckin' with the last ones You's a crazy nigga goin' in and out of there Like you love it, but nigga I'm outta here When they crack the door, boy I ain't comin' back I'm tryin' to figure out, why you keep runnin' back? Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s? Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s? Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s? Are you the motherfucker that broke in my Mercedes? [Ice Cube] Sick with it, bipolar, crazy as the Ayatollah Went in to buy a soda, now we shootin' at the rollers He looked at me like "Cube, I thought you was a soldier" I am nigga, but not for a Coca-Cola Jumped out my car when his head hit the tar It bust like a jar but he still wanted to spar They jumped out, and hit his ass with the taser Fifty thousand volts turned him into Joe Frazier Beat they ass, took they badge, took they guns and they cash Came by the bar, nigga rollin' in they squad car Blue and red lights flashin' like a superstar I just shook my head and wondered who the fuck you are Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s? Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s? Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s? Are you the motherfucker that broke in my Mercedes? [Ice Cube] You've got to be a crack baby, turn into a grown-up Sharp as a bowling ball, brain like a donut My daddy told me that the early bird get the worm He told me that the early dope fiend get the sherm Three AM, see you ridin' on that bicycle Old motherfucker, what you doin' on that tricycle? You's a cold motherfucker like a icicle With your grandmama purse tryin' to buy a nickel I should kick ya ass just because she can't do it Cause all you do is talk shit and you drink fluid You say "Yeah man, you better get used to it" They say God is perfect, and I say he blew it Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s? Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s? Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s? Are you the motherfucker that broke in my Mercedes? Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s? Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s? Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s? Are you the motherfucker that broke in my Mercedes? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Lil Jon, Snoop Dogg Album: Laugh Now, Cry Later Song: Go to Church Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Snoop Dogg] Nigga you need to stop snitchin! All that yip-yappin and jaw-jackin Nigga if you scared, go to church You knew the job was dangerous when you took it Whattup it's the big boss Dogg Snoop D-O-double-G, Eastside L.B.C. And I'm bobbin to the beat of my O.G. homeboy Ice Cube And I'm C-walkin on the motherfuckin concrete [Intro: Ice Cube] Yo if you're fucked up, put your cups up Ice Cube and Snoop Dogg, nigga what's up See he's a gangster, I'm a hustler Yo it's either thank ya, or it's fuck ya [Ice Cube] + (Lil Jon) I'm down with Lil Jon ain't got to pretend (YEAH!) _Crunk Juice_ nigga run the club that you in (HEY!) You scary motherfuckers don't wanna bring the ruckus (NAH!) You just spend all your time in the club tryin to duck us (WHAT?) And if you walk by nigga, I'ma knock fire nigga from yo' ass, you can come try nigga (HEY!) In the hood, all the way down South (YEAH!) I ain't Mike Jones, keep my name out'cha mouth bitch (Mike Jones) We can get it crackin if it get to clickin clackin Look at Mr. Jackson, nigga with no reaction If you scared, go to church, we gon' hit you where it hurts That don't work, we'll put you in the dirt Cause a whole lot of rappers make a whole lot of noise (hey) Lyrics full of steroids, niggaz paranoid (hey) And when you get that blowup, it make you throw up When you realize your favorite rapper ain't got no nuts [Chorus 2X: Ice Cube] + (Lil Jon) If you a scared motherfucker go to church (GO TO CHURCH) If you a gutter motherfucker do your dirt (A DO YOUR DIRT) If you a down motherfucker put in work (A PUT IN WORK) IF you a crazy motherfucker go berzerk (A GO BERZERK!) [Snoop Dogg] Click clackin, pistol-packin, Crip raggin folio Who the only nigga in the club with the toolio You ain't know? Yeah you did; there it was, there it is "Is that Coolio?" Naw bitch, let me in Jibba-jabba snatcher get at ya, spit at actors & rappers Hang out with kidnappers and jackers Make money off crackers; can you imagine how I keep shit crackin? It's the big boss Dogg I'm back in action and smashin I flash with the bling I sur-pass the supreme You don't really wanna have a clash with my team I mix hash with the green I'm the, last of the kings If I got a bitch with me she got ass in them jeans Rollin through yo' neighborhood, my Cadillac so clean Servin all you suckers cause you all dopefiends Just like that dopeman, nigga what's up? You run up with that bullshit I'll fuck yo' ass up [Lil Jon: repeat 2X] You scared, you scared You scared motherfucker you scared You scared (you scared) you scared (you scared) You scared motherfucker you scared (you scared) [Ice Cube] + (Lil Jon) It goes one for the money (HEY) two for the show (YEAH) Three for the pussy, fo' for the glow (HEY) Five for the rookies, six for the pros (NAH) Seven for the numbers of them fuckin zeroes (WHAT?) Eight for haters, nine for the cause Ten for my niggaz, behind big bars (HEY) Fuck these devils, and they laws (YEAH!) Never question the size of Ice Cube's balls The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Death Certificate Song: A Bird in the Hand Typed by: OHHLA.com (Big Bird: Sesame Street) Hey look at this! I was cleaning out my nest and I found a book of my old poetry (Ice Cube) Fresh out of school cause I was a high school grad gots to get a job cuz I was a high school dad Wish I got paid like I was rappin' to the nation  but thats not likely, so here's my application Pass it to the man at AT&T Cuz when I was in school I got the a. e. e. But there's no s. e. for this youngsta I didn't have no money so now I have to hunch the Back like a slave, thats what be happenin  but whitey says there's no room for the African  Always knew that I would boycott, jeez but welcome to McDonalds can I take your order please Gotta sell ya food that might give you cancer cuz my baby doesn't take no for an answer Now I pay taxes that you never give me back  what about diapers, bottles, and similac  Do I gotta go sell me a whole lotta crack for decent shelter and clothes on my back? Or should I just wait for help from Bush or Jesse Jackson, and operation Push  If you ask me the whole thing needs a douch a masengel what the hell cracker sale in the neighborhood  To the whorehouse bitches, Miss porker, little joe or Todd Bridges Or anybody that he know  so I got me a bird, better known as a kilo Now everybody know I went from po' to a nigga that got dough So now you put the feds against me cause I couldn't follow the plan of the presidency I'm never givin' love again Cuz blacks are too fuckin broke to be republican  Now I remember I used to be cool till I stopped fillin' out my W-2 Now senators are gettin' hired and your plan against the ghetto backfired  So now you got a pep talk  but sorry, this is our only room to walk Cause we don't want a drug push But a bird in the hand is worth more than the bush tell the politicians, the hustlers: live and let live (yeah) tell the politicians, the hustlers: live and let live (yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube		 Album: War & Peace Vol. 1/I Got the Hook Up soundtrack Song: Ghetto Vet  Typed by: grouper@mediaone.net Life.... niggas used to come and get me  when it was time to disagree with an enemy pass the hennessy it gives me energy packed the gat in the small of my back where these niggas at I clear the whole pack talkin' shit cuz I'm down for my set I'm a vet  smokin' on a wet cigarette  (who these niggas think they are) (wishin' on a ghetto star i represent my tar) I start bustin' and they scatter like water bugs  cuz these westside niggas is harder thugs  enslve us but nothin' can save us from sportin' Ben Davis shootin' at your neighbors (cuz sometimes I feel like a nut don't give a fuck when I open ya up) hot rocks fly from the back seat and  busta ass niggas run like a track meet an if you crawl in the middle bleed mo' than a little (what) killer king is the hospital feelin' numb from the bullets I hum  and when they hit black mothers have fits I don't give a shit (Chorus) [Mack 10] Fool I'm a vet you can bet that  I could dance underwater and not get wet (check it) [Mr. Short Khop] Its rainin' bullets and I'm still there (Foe life) I'm still there my house shoes get wet from the dew on the grass up early in the morning takin' out the trash feelin' like a loser alcohol abuser  two youngsters roll up on a beach cruiser one on the peddles the other on the handle bars (what) tryin' be ghetto stars they said: Are you from the westside is it so?  i said hell yea and who wanta to know (me) in slow mo fo' fo' slugs face down in the mud  puddle full of blood left for dead  the pain starts to spread now I can't feel my legs I meet doctor who at King Drew medical center  as I enter I.C.U. he said the bullet hit a nerve that was vital I said I can't move my legs he said don't try to now this ain't the end my friend but you'll probably never walk again I sit there motionless holdin' this pain inside contemplating suicide at night I jerk and jerk but my dick don't work it don't even hurt (damn) now who'd ever thought a nigga rude as Ice Cube  I be pissin' through a tube Fool i'm a vet (Chorus) [Mack 10] Fool I'm a vet you can bet that  I could dance underwater and not get wet (check it) [Mr. Short Khop] Its rainin' bullets and I'm still there young ghetto nigga in a wheelchair fuck a V-A they need G-A  gang hospital for a crippal now I'm drinkin' rippal same corner same hood I'm still there with bandanas tied to my wheel chair To all the hoodrat hoes I'm fired they mad cuz my tongue get tired now everybody wanna put they dope on me  sayin' I won't get searched by the LAPD I'm sitting on a doorway duece five Dependin on that to keep my ass alive I don't got bows but my arm's about a one-six My fuckin legs, lookin like tooth picks some times I can't deal got to beg the B G's to roll me up the hill  put me on the porch now I'm on the torch smokin' cocaine just to maintain nutin' to gain nutin' to lose  and last night I couldn't make it to the bathroom feelin' like a two year old you can't get a sip from the brew I hold nigga its the only friend to a stranger AKA hadicap gangbanger there's a lot in my life I regret becomin' a ghetto vet Fool I'm a Vet (Chorus)(2X) [Mack 10] Fool I'm a vet you can bet that  I could dance underwater and not get wet (check it) [Mr. Short Khop] Its rainin' bullets and I'm still there young ghetto nigga in a wheelchair Life..... Yea.... Life... Yea.... Life... Life.... Dedicated to all the ghetto vets  for every nigga that done took one for the hood The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: War & Peace Vol. 1 (The War Disc)/Gang Related soundtrack Song: Greed Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Now, if the greenbacks don't stack large on my side of the yard I ain't fuckin with it This cake has got to be all icing baby Now I know I'm taking the biggest piece but god damn I'm the biggest fish with the biggest mouth bitch You wanna be rich right? (Hell yeah) Well stick with me, do as I does, and be as I be We be stackin chips, packin clips, mackin chicks Laugh at tits, slappin dick, in yo' bitch (bitch!) Makin hoes, take these clothes, from these sto's Walkin slow, there go the po', now here we go Parking lot to the spot, Marriott Cause what I got to make a knot, is very hot Who's at the do', go and check, I got the Tec Tell him that you soakin wet, until he jet Now lift up your fuckin dress, where's the rest Bitch can hide a treasure chest, in her breasts Uh-huh strip search, whip skirts Uh-huh shit hurts, but it works bitch You can jerk niggaz but you can't jerk me Hoe I only tell you once that this dick ain't free I'm talkin greed 	*Chorus* Greed, give me everything that I need How you gon' deal with the niggaz that I feed 	(repeat 2X) We smokin weed, you and me Lookin for that currency 	(repeat 2X) Now bitch niggaz don't mean shit, from where I sit Magnificent blow your back out, if you act out Eighteen deep when the plane soar The bitch threw her tits, asked my click who we play fo' Penetrate the clouds, loud, and obnoxious Surround the airport with feds and helicopters Escorted, detained and deported Scared of the ly-rics, and when they bitches hear us We the clear-est, you can fear us Smile on the day of your dissapear-ance, smoke in mirr-ors Break em all, pull over and jump out Cause I can take em all, all bustas shake em all I'm at the mall, buyin shit, like hot dog on a stick These bitches all on the dick Ice Cube ain't a lick (nope) make me bleed And now you got to deal with the niggaz that I feed, greed Uhh uhh uhh *pigs squeal* (Give me more, give me more) Greed, Greed When you get your hands on it, wanna fawn it Wanna dance on it, everybody want it 	(repeat 2X) You punks is petty, still we steady, countin fetti I'm the one closin escrow, with the best flow (Do you wear a vest?) No Niggaz hit me I'ma turn into The Crow *caw caw* and take a shit on everything counterfeit, the Don Mega Blade Runner, in a beige Hummer all summer It'd take about twelve honkeys, to convict the nigga makin you sick, ask the 12 Monkeys Up in Detroit holdin weed court, all through the South Picked up a ounce in Shreveport My lead give head tunnels (boom!) to any motherfucker disgruntled exit wound, look like a funnel Worldwide, international jet set My niggaz love fuckin bitches that they just met Get it wet, and you can do anything When I'm in Paris niggaz french-kiss the pinky ring 	*Chorus* Yeah, Ice Cube, trillionaire I own a mansion and a yacht, haha We do it like it should be does Yeah, Westside niggaz is very greedy, uhh Death Row is very greedy Sic-Wid-It records is very greedy Dangerous Music greedy greedy greedy Ruthless Records greedy, Suave House, greedy So So Def, greedy Rap-A-Lot greedy as fuck No Limit, hah, hella greedy, uhh Def Jam greedy, we all know Priority greedy as a motherfucker, hahaha Hey got twenties on my BM, you still fuckin with a GM What can you tell me, nigga? *pigs squeal* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: War and Peace Vol. 2 (The Peace Disc) Song: Supreme Hustle Typed by: elrookus@hotmail.com {interigation intro...} [Ice Cube] {:46} Don Dadaa, uhh, uhh, yeah You can't see me, but you can feel me You can feel me, you can feel me It's the world, famous, supreme team show, supreme team show...{x2} uhh, look at me (verse one) {1:09} I be the one that you love to hate I be the one that's from out of state I be the one with the nickle plate I be the one with the mean face I be the one with the bad taste I be the one that you worry 'bout I be the one that make ya hurry out I be the one that make your mama shout I be the one that's the cleanest (fo' sho') I be the one with the niggas and guns that's the meanest (let 'em know) (chorus) {1:32} Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) I call em team tustle (whatcha call it?) Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) I call em team tustle (yeah yeah) (verse two) {1:43} You be the one that we laugh at (ha ha) You be the one that can't have that (uh uhn) You be the one to get your ass cracked (crack!) You be the one that's takin' live rounds You be the one thats got to run from them bloodhounds You be the one with the eight babies My seven ladies, still dressin' like the eighties You be the one that just checked in emergency You be the one thats a die, in need of surgery (chorus) {2:06} Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) I call em team tustle (ready) Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) I call em team tustle It's the world, famous, supreme team show, supreme team show...{x2} (verse three) {2:28} We be the ones that your woman love We be the ones that your fellas hug We be the ones that you jellous of We be the ones with the big guns We be the ones with the six-uns You should get one We be the ones with the dirty spirits We be the ones with them bomb ass dirty lyrics We be the ones that your kids like We be the ones that make you beat your wife And hate your life (tell 'em) (chorus) {2:51} Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) I call em team tustle (yeah yeah) Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) I call em team tustle (brrrrmph) Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) I call em team tustle (uh huh) Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) I call em team tustle (automatic) uh huh, yep, uh huh, yep It's the world, famous, supreme team show, supreme team show...{x2} (outro) {3:35} You got to hustle a dot, no lie to all my people that's down to survive Gone and ride Hustle a dot, no lie, to all my people that's down to survive Gone and ride Hustle a dot, no lie, to all my people that's down to survive Gone and ride Hustle a dot, no lie, to all my people that's down to survive Gone and ride Get ya ride on (gone and ride) Hustle mang hustle mang (gone and ride) It's automatic Ice Cube; incredible, yeah I'm on the grind all the time Hustle mang, hustle mang, hustle mang= The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: The Predator Song: It Was a Good Day Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] Break 'em off somethin {*inhales*} Shit.. {*exhales*} Yo.. Yo.. uhh.. [Verse One] Just wakin up in the mornin gotta thank God I don't know but today seems kinda odd No barkin from the dog, no smog And momma cooked a breakfast with no hog (damn) I got my grub on, but didn't pig out Finally got a call from a girl I wanna dig out (Whassup?) Hooked it up for later as I hit the do' Thinkin will I live, another twenty-fo' I gotta go cause I got me a drop top And if I hit the switch, I can make the ass drop Had to stop, at a red light Lookin in my mirror and not a jacker in sight And everything is alright I got a beep from Kim, and she can fuck all night Called up the homies and I'm askin y'all Which park, are y'all playin basketball? Get me on the court and I'm trouble Last week fucked around and got a triple double Freakin niggaz everyway like M.J. I can't believe, today was a good day (shit!) [Verse Two] Drove to the pad and hit the showers Didn't even get no static from the cowards Cause just yesterday them fools tried to blast me Saw the police and they rolled right past me No flexin, didn't even look in a nigga's direction as I ran the intersection Went to $hort Dog's house, they was watchin Yo! MTV Raps What's the haps on the craps? Shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em Roll 'em in a circle of niggaz and watch me break 'em with the seven, seven-eleven, seven-eleven Seven even back do' Lil' Joe I picked up the cash flow Then we played bones, and I'm yellin domino Plus nobody I know got killed in South Central L.A. Today was a good day (shit!) [Verse Three] Left my nigga's house paid (what) Picked up a girl been tryin to fuck since the 12th grade It's ironic, I had the brew she had the chronic The Lakers beat the Supersonics I felt on the big fat fanny Pulled out the jammy, and killed the punanny And my dick runs deep, so deep So deep put her ass to sleep Woke her up around one She didn't hesitate, to call Ice Cube the top gun Drove her to the pad and I'm coastin Took another sip of the potion hit the three-wheel motion I was glad everything had worked out Dropped her ass off and then chirped out Today was like one of those fly dreams Didn't even see a berry flashin those high beams No helicopter looking for a murder  Two in the mornin got the Fatburger  Even saw the lights of the Goodyear Blimp And it read, "Ice Cube's a pimp" (yeah) Drunk as hell but no throwin up  Half way home and my pager still blowin up Today I didn't even have to use my A.K. I got to say it was a good day (shit!) [Ice Cube] Hey wait, wait a minute Pooh, stop this shit What the fuck I'm thinkin about? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Kokane, W.C. Album: Laugh Now, Cry Later Song: Spittin' Pollaseeds Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Ice Cube] Fuck a ghostwriter, sittin' in the back of the studio tryin' to write a nigga rap It's the muppet show, most niggaz need A&R to tell 'em how to fuck a hoe Ice Cube, true emcee Write everything I say, even back in the day I'ma spit it how I feel it, fuck a gimmick You can keep your catchy lines, I'm bout to write a rhyme If you got a backpack tryin' to act black Think you know the culture? You's a fuckin' vulture You never approached a mic You're dressed like a dyke sayin' what ya don't like Who deserve 5 Mics, who deserve 2 But the nigga with 2 still can serve you This West Coast flow is different than the East But it ain't no different in the street [Chorus: Kokane] I'm spittin' pollaseeds (I'm spittin' pollaseeds) I crack 'em one by one 'cause I don't wanna be greedy Cause the salt might make you choke (I'm spittin' pollaseeds) I'm spittin' pollaseeds I crack 'em one by one 'cause I don't wanna be greedy Because these niggaz is salty they'll make you choke Oh oh, you niggaz got me fucked up [Ice Cube] I'm spittin' pollaseeds on the porch with the torch In case these niggaz come around to see the Porsche When I brandish, motherfuckers vanish They don't understand like a nigga speakin' Spanish No comprende, me no speak no Engle Here (*slap*) now yo' ass feelin' tingley Now you're doin' shit like Darryl Stingley Don't get stung by the motherfuckin' stingray Jumpin' over niggaz, y'all better king me Put your rap careers up on eBay Crazy Toones is the motherfuckin' DJ Baby drop to your knees, he deserves a BJ I got a big brother nicknamed CJ When you see him in the hood take it easy If you a breezy, take him to the heezy Do him like Halle Berry did Michael Ealy [Chorus: Kokane] I'm spittin' pollaseeds (I'm spittin' pollaseeds) I crack 'em one by one 'cause I don't wanna be greedy Cause the salt might make you choke I'm spittin' pollaseeds (I'm spittin' pollaseeds) I crack 'em one by one, 'cause I don't wanna be greedy Because these niggaz is salty they'll make you choke Oh oh (I'm spittin' pollaseeds) [W.C.] Quick to twist ya, hit ya, it's the chipper Pistol gripper, skip-skipper runnin' up in your rearview mirror Ready to bust with my bandana, bumpin' oldies Cube throw me the lob like Odom to Kobe So I could bust a Crip Walk on these niggaz Yellow tape off these niggaz, fuck all these salty niggaz They can't hold our shit Gangsta rap ain't dead, motherfuckers just stole our shit All you niggaz owe us alimony All you did was switch your name and ate our style up like ravioli On your club raps I'm pissin', talk shit I'll knock your Comodi glasses off your face under the transmission, nigga From the Westside fuckin' up the program With the surplus hanky hangin' out the Brougham Dub Sizzla, dippin' on them 'draulics and D's Spittin' shells at you niggaz like pollaseeds [Chorus: Kokane] I'm spittin' pollaseeds I crack 'em one by one 'cause I don't wanna be greedy Cause the salt might make you choke I'm spittin' pollaseeds I crack 'em one by one, 'cause I don't wanna be greedy Because these niggaz is salty they'll make you choke, oh oh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Ice Cube Album:	AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted Song:	Rollin' Wit the Lench Mob Typed by: furness@ousd.k12.ca.us You can't fuck with the criminal rapping over gangsta shit First I load the clip and then I make the hit I know some y'all can't fade this Lench Mob niggas are the craziest So you and your boys are ass-out When I'm rollin in a seven-deuce glass house The Mob ain't nothing but a menace When we get the motherfucking dog in us Playing them old beats I'm pouring out some of my beer for my homies Ready to peel your cap You can't believe "Faces of Death" on wax Some say the Mob ain't positive Man fuck that shit cause I gots to live How I live and you could either give a fuck punk Yo or get your ass bucked Some rappers are heaven-sent But Self-Destruction don't pay the fucking rent So you can either sell dope or get your ass a job I'd rather roll it wit the Lench Mob To be down with the Mob is simple Mind your own you want a spot find your own And take mine if you're badder than the strong man I do the right thing I do the wrong thing Do anything cause I ain't faking the scene It's all about how much bacon you bring And if you see something from the gat I will stuff it Yo you ain't seen nothing Cause if you testify you're living blind Cause in the city you live and let die Rolling with the fools One Time can't beat On my knees in the street interlock my hands and feet He said "I know you" I said "you might My name is Ice Cube I did a song you didn't like" So he soaked me up like Bounty Had to do a week in the county A piece of cake it was just like a party Cause in the county you know everybody No I didn't kill or steal or rob Locked up for what cause I'm rollin wit the Lench Mob If you know a female that's rollin with the Lench Mob Watch your step cause the gat is kept In the purse like my homegirl Yo-Yo You gotta be down and you can't be a hoe no Cause if you are I'll be the first one to bust you out After my crew I'll be the first one to rush you out Get the picture or bitch You'll get the eighty-six If she wanna try and mix Business and pleasure make up your own mind You gotta be a hoe on your own time Don't sleep cause even on a solo creep Yo the Mob is still deep And we'll play ya just like a nit-wit You thought you got with the crew you can't get with So get the noose ready for the lynching Now 235 is what I'm benching But nowadays it's still not enough I got something guaranteed to stop the bum rush Give me the gat, step back, and watch me do the job Rolling with the motherfucking Lench Mob The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Death Certificate Song: The Wrong Nigga to Fuck With Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One] God damn, it's a brand new payback From the straight gangsta mack in straight gangsta black How many motherfuckers gotta pay Went to the shelf and dusted off the AK Caps gotta get pealed Cause "The Nigga Ya Love to hate" still can "Kill at Will" It ain't no pop cause that sucks And you can New Jack SWING on my nuts Down wit the niggaz that I bail out I'm platinum bitch and I didn't have to sell out Fuck you Ice Cube, that's what the people say Fuck AmeriKKKa, still wit hthe triple K Cause you know when my nine goes buck it'll bust your head like a watermelon dropped from 12 stories up Now let's see who'll drop Punk motherfuckers tryin to ban hip-hop Fuck R&B and the runnin man I'm the one that stand, with the gun in hand Make sure before you buck wit duck quick Punk, cause I'm the wrong nigga to fuck wit "I'ma let y'all know one thing man.." [Verse Two] Hell yeah it's on, you better tell 'em Ice Cube and I'm rolling with the motherfuckin L.M. It's the number one crew in the area Make a move for your gat and I'll bury ya Ashes to ashes, dirt to dirt Punks roll when I put in work cause Lench Mob niggaz are the craziest And y'all motherfuckers can't fade my shit South Central, that's where the Lench Mob dwell Hittin fools up with the big ass L One time can't hold me back Sweatshirt, khakis and crokersacs Stop givin juice to the Raiders Cause Al Davis, never paid us I hope he wear a vest It's all about the L-E-N-C-H y'all know the rest Motherfuckin crew, motherfuckin mob Do a motherfuckin job in a motherfuckin squad In '91 Ice Cube grew stronger and bigger And I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with "One-and-two, ah-three-e-and-ah-four-and.." "Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute" [Cube] Drop a old school beat! [Verse Three] Like I said, it's a brand new payback Now in '91, let's see who beats the jack Sir Jinx grew a little bit taller (Keep the wack beats out) true motherfuckin baller And hoes can't roll on Even bitches looking like En Vogue gotta "Hold On" Don't let me catch Daryl Gates in traffic I gotta have it, to peel his cap backwards I hope he wear a vest too, and his best blue goin up against the Zulu Break his spine like a jellyfish Kick his ass til I'm smellin shit Off wit the head, off wit the head I say And watch the devil start kickin Run around like a chicken, grand dragon finger lickin Yo, turn him over wit a spatula Now we got, Kentucky Fried Cracker Mess with the Cube, you get punked quick Pig, cause I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with! "Last person in the world you wanna fuck with.." (repeat 3X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: The Predator Song: When Will They Shoot? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Stalkin.. walkin in my big black boots" -> Brother J 	(repeat 2X) [Ice Cube]  God damn, another fuckin payback with a twist Them motherfuckers shot but the punks missed Ice Cube is out-gunned, what is the outcome? Will they do me like Malcolm? Cause I bust styles, new styles, standin - strong! While, others +Run+ a +Hundred Miles+ But I never run, never will Deal with the devil with my motherfuckin steel - BOOM!  Media try to do me But I was a Boy-N-the-Hood before the movie, yeah Call me nigga, bigger than a spook But you the one that voted for Duke, motherfucker White man, is somethin I tried to study But I got my hands bloody, yeah They said I could sing like a Jaybird But nigga, don't say the J-word I thought they was buggin cause to us Uncle Sam, is Hitler without an oven Burnin our black skin Buy my neighborhood - then push the crack in Doin us wrong from the first day And don't understand why a nigga got an AK Callin me an African-American like everything is fair again, shit Devil, you got to get the shit right I'm black Blacker than a trillion midnights +Don't Believe the Hype+ was said in '88  by the great Chuck D, now they're tryin to fuck me ".. with +No Vaseline+  Just a match and a little bit of gasoline.." - HUH! It's a great day for genocide (What's that?) That's the day all the niggaz died They killed JFK in '63 So what the fuck you think they'll do to me? But I'm the O.G. and I bust back (boom boom) Bust back (Boom boom!) peel a cap (BOOM BOOM!) Gimme room in the fire of the sun Here the mack come, here the black come, watch Jack run! Motherfuckers can't gank me Fuck a devil, fuck a rebel, and a yankee Overrun and put the Presidency After needin that, I'm down wit O.P.P., yeah I met Farrakhan and had dinner And you ask if I'm a five-percenter, well... No, but I go where the brothers go Down with Compton Mosque, Number 54 Made a little dough, still got a sister on my elbow Did Ice Cube sell out? You say, "Hell no!" A black woman is my manager, not in the kitchen So could you please stop bitchin? "Stalkin.. walkin in my big black boots" -> Brother J [Cube] Yeah, yeah.. 	"But when will they shoot?" "Stalkin.. walkin in my big black boots" -> Brother J [Cube] Yeah, yeah.. 	"But when will they shoot?" .. {*automatic gunfire*) [Ice Cube] You missed, and didn't hit Da Lench Mob either "Guerillas in the Mist.." without Jungle Fever But I got the fever for the flava of a cracker Not a Pringle, bust the single, here's my new jingle 	"Stalkin.. walkin in my big black boots" The KKK has got three-piece suits Using niggaz like turkey shoots My motto is +Treat 'Em Like a Prostitute+ Now if I say no violence, devil, you won't respect mine Fuck the dumb shit - and get my Tec-9 And if they approach us A-ight, a-ight - I bury those cockroaches And if you can't deal with my +Kill at Will+ Here's a new gift to get - try my +Death Certificate+ +Amerikkka's Most+, Amerikkka's burnt - it's like toast Like Jordan, I'm goin coast to coast Dribblin the funk here comes the nigga with the motherfuckin monster dunk, get off me punk! 	"Jordan.. watch Jordan,  	 aiyyo yo watch Jordan .. YES!" 		"You better eat your Wheaties" -> M.J. "Stalkin.. walkin in my big black boots" -> Brother J [Cube] Yeah, yeah.. 	"But when will they shoot?" "Stalkin.. walkin in my big black boots" -> Brother J [Cube] Yeah, yeah.. 	"But when will they shoot?" [Ice Cube] Darryl Gates got the studio surrounded Cause he don't like the niggaz that I'm down with Motherfucker wanna do us Cause I like Nat, Huey, Malcolm, and Louis Most got done by a black man's bullet Give a trigger to a nigga and watch him pull it Negro assass-in I'ma dig a ditch, bitch, and throw yo' ass in When they shoot, no, it won't be a cracker They use somebody much blacker What I do? I called up the Geto Boy(s) crew Cause +My Mind's Playing Tricks On Me+ too Never died, surround my crib and F.O.I. makin sure nobody creep when I sleep Keep a 9 millimeter in my Jeep - PEEP! When I roll, I gots to roll deep Ain't goin out cheap Met the MADD Circle on Cypress Hill cause it's so steep They'll never get me, they'll never hit me Motherfuck that shit J-Dee Now I'm relaxed Grab the St. Ide's brew so I can max Sittin by the window cause it's so fuckin hot and then I heard a shot - boom. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Death Certificate Song: Givin' Up the Nappy Dug Out Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [*doorbell: DING DONG!*] [Pops]	Yeah [Cube]	Umm, uhh is Cheryl here? [Pops]	Well who are you? [Cube]	Tell her Ice Cube is here [Pops]	WHO?! [Cube]	Ice Cube! [Pops]	ICE CUBE?! 	Man I ain't lettin my damn daughter 	go out with no damn Ice Cubes man! 	Man what the hell you talkin about man? 	I brought my daughter up man, 	in a Catholic school, private school 	Man what you want with her? 	I'm sick of this bullshit! [Cube]	Yo man, let me tell you somethin.. [Verse One] Your daughter was a nice girl, now she is a slut A queen treatin niggaz just like King Tut Gobblin up nuts, sorta like a hummingbird Suckin up the Lench Mob crew, and I'm comin third Used to get straight A's, now she just skippin class Oh my, do I like to grip the hips and ass Only seventeen, with a lot of practice  on black boys jimmies and white boys cactus Sorry sorry sir, but I gotta be brief A lotta niggaz like bustin nuts in her teeth Drink it up, drink it up, even though she's Catholic that don't mean shit, cause she's givin up the ass quick Quicker than you can say, "Candy," the bitch is on my Snicker... and oh man she can take on three men - built like He-Men Her little-bitty twat got gallons of semen Fourteen niggaz in line ready to bang yo' pride-and-joy, I mean daddy's little angel Tell the little bitch to bring her ass out the house cause your daughter's known, for givin up the nappy dug out Chorus: repeat 2X "I got a big old ding-a-ling, and if that bitch can hang  I'm gonna do my thing, with your dauuuughter!" [Cube] Givin up the nappy dug out! Interlude: Pops [Pops]	Look motherfucker you better get from in front of my house 	with that old god damn bullshit 	You girlie-ass motherfucker 	You better get out of here witcho' fine ass 	Man, youse a little fine motherfucker [Verse Two] Mister, mister, before you make me go I'm here to let you know your little girl is a hoe Nympho, nympho, boy is she bad Get her all alone and out comes the kneepads I know she is a minor and it is illegal but the bitch is worse than Vanessa Del Rio And if you de-cide to call rape we got the little hooker on tape, now: tell the fuckin slut to please hurry up and wear that dress that's tight on her butt So I can finger-fuck on the way to the bed Been in so many rooms, she got a dot on her forehead Face turnin red from grabbin them ankles Fuck and get up is how I do them stank-hoes You should hear how she sounds with a cock And her boots get knocked, from here to Czechoslovakia Two are on top, one on the bottom First nigga got the boots; man, you shoulda shot him cause after I got 'em it was over Now niggaz get lucky like a four-leaf clover on daddy's little girl. She keeps nuts in her mouth like the bitch was a squirrel So tell Cheryl to bring her ass home cause the line at my house is gettin loooooooong, ay! Chorus Chorus Two: (continued from previous) "I got a big old ding-a-ling, and if that bitch can hang  I'm gonna do my thing, with your dauuuughter!" [Cube] Yeah.. yeah.. bitch, bitch givin up the nappy dug out! "I got a big old ding-a-ling, and if that bitch can hang  I'm gonna do my thing, with your dauuuughter!" [Cube] Yo..  [Pops]	Little motherfucker! [Girl]	Daddy, where did he go? [Pops]	I'll tell you where he went, god damnit! [Girl]	Mercy! "Givin up the nappy, givin up the nappy dug out" -> Kane (2X) "Givin up the nappy dug out.." (2X) "Givin up the nappy, givin up the nappy dug out" -> Kane (2X) "Givin up the nappy dug out.." (1X) "Givin-givin up the nappy dug out.." [Girl]	Mercy! [Announcer] Warning: when having sexual intercourse with a female like Cheryl you must use, jimmy hat condoms [Condom rap] We're called jimmy hats, have you ever seen us? Most guys wear us round rolled up on your penis If you're real smart, you will always use us Put me in your wallet, 'fore some dummy screws us And goin bare back, without the bare facts 'll have creepy crawlers crawlin on your nutsac! So get the J-I-M-M-Y to the hats It's me and two brothers in a pack "Run out and get your jimmy hats.." -> KRS-One  "Small (AND EXTRA LARGE)" "Run out and get your jimmy hats.." -> KRS-One [Condom] Or this might happen to you! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted Song: A Gangsta's Fairytale Intro: Little Russ, Ice Cube [story-teller] Once upon a time, in the black part of the city  [young kid] Yo G, yo G you better get out of here man, 5-0 [door swings shut, car peels out] [Russ] Yo Ice Cube, man [Cube] Whassup man? [Russ] Why you... [Cube] Whassup? [Russ] Yo Ice Cube man, why you always kickin the shit about the bitches  and the niggaz? Why don't you kick some shit about the kids, man? The fuckin kids?! [Cube] Word Verse One: Ice Cube Little boys and girls, they all love me Come sit on the lap of I-C-E And let me tell ya a story or two About a punk-ass nigga I knew Named Jack, he wasn't that nimble, wasn't that quick Jumped over the candlestick and burnt his dick Ran up the street cause he was piping hot Met a bitch named Jill on the bus stop Dropped a line or two, and he had the hoe At that type of shit he's a pro So Jack and Jill ran up the hill to catch a lil nap Dumb bitch, gave him the claps Then he had to go see Dr. Bombay Got a shot in the ass, and he was on his way To make some money, why not? Down on Sesame Street, the dope spot There he saw the lady who lived in a shoe Sold dope out the front, but in back, marijuana grew For the man that was really important Who lived down the street in a Air Jordan Ride to the fellow Mister Rogers and hoes Drove a 500 sittin on Lorenzoes He broke out, Little Bo Peep, smoked out Saw, her and her friends sellin sheepskins [Little Bo Peep] Yo yo I got them sheepskins      Yo, my empty sheepskins      Yo baby, what's up with that? Hickory dickory dock, it was twelve o'clock Cinderella ain't home must be givin up the cock I don't doubt it, she is kind of freaky of course Had a fight with Snow White, she was fuckin her dwarfs Saw a fight over colors, too Red Riding Hood, and Little Boy Blue A bad influence? Yo I don't know But Ice Cube'll tell the kids how the story should go Interlude: Little Russ Yeah money, that's it, yeah money, that's it This is Little Russ in the house Rock that shit homey, rock that shit! [Well, you know the rest] Verse Two: Ice Cube Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall With a joint, drinkin some 8-ball Three little pigs in a Coup de Ville Lookin for, the wolf to kill They're fucked up and they want revenge Them and Humpty used to be friends Now they're enemies cause he's a traitor Pulled out the Uzi cruised by and sprayed him Cinderella hoeing for the fellas And Mister Rogers is gettin mighty jealous Of the cash that the pigs were makin Time for the pigs to get turned to bacon Cause Mister Rogers found out quick That Humpty Dumpty was blown to bits They said that the motherfuckin wolf was next So Mister Rogers better watch his step So he let the wolf know We're gonna fuck up the pigs, and take their ho Cause Cinderella is much too fast Before twelve, givin up ass Double barrels all loaded and cocked As soon as they show, they gonna get popped They bailed down Sesame Street and caught em Little Boy Blue is up front givin orders Little did they know Cinderella was a fink She called the cops and got thrown in the clink A bad influence? Yo, I don't know But Ice Cube'll tell the kids how the stories should go Outro: Little Russ, Ice Cube [Cube] Aiyyo man was that dope enough for you? [Russ] Yeah you aight, you in the house   We outta here, seeeee-yaaaaa [Cube] Yeah you better go home before I whoop your little bad ass [Barney Rubble] Some bedtime story huh? [Bugs Bunny] It's a nice place to visit, but I wouldn't wanna live here [Andrew Dice Clay] Ay, good ol' Mother Goose, remember her? I fucked her The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Das EFX Album: The Predator Song: Check Yo Self Typed by: OHHLA.com Intro: Das EFX Yeah! Word is bond! Das EFX in this yaknowhatI'msayin Straight from the sewer, word is bond! Yeah! Yah! Ah-yeah! We doin this with my nigga Where my nigga? Ice Cube in the motherfucker Word is bond! (Yeah!) Verse One: Ice Cube You better check yo self before you wreck yo self Cos I'm bad for your health, I come real stealth Droppin bombs on ya moms, fuck car alarms Doin foul crime, I'm that nigga wit'cha Alpine Sold it for a six-o, always let tricks know And friends know, we got the indo No I'm not a sucker, sittin in a House of Pain And no I'm not the butler, I'll cut ya (Uh!) Headbutt ya, you say you can't touch this And I wouldn't touch ya, in fact motherfuck ya Here to let you know boy, oh boy I make dough but don't call me DoughBoy This ain't no fuckin motion picture A guy or bitch-a, I'll get wit'cha And hit ya, takin that yack to the neck So you better run a check Chorus One: Das EFX and Ice Cube [Das] So come on and chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self   Chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self   Yeah, come on and check yo self before you wreck yo self [Ice] Cause shotgun bullets are bad for your health Hook: Das EFX Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!) *repeat 2X* Verse Two: Ice Cube Tricks wanna step to Cube and then they get played Cause they bitchmade pullin out a switchblade That's kinda trifle, caise that's a knife-o AK-47, assault rifle Hold the fifty, I'm nifty, pow I gotta new style, "WATCH OUT NOW!" I hate motherfuckers claimin that they foldin bank But steady talkin shit in the holding tank First you wanna step to me Now your ass screamin for the deputy They send you to Charlie-Baker-Denver row Now they runnin up in ya slow You're gone, used to be the Don Juan (Check that shit out!) Now your name is just Twan Switch it, snap it, rollin your eyes and neck You better run a check Chorus Two: Das EFX and Ice Cube [Das] So chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self   Come on and check yo self before you wrickity-wreck yo self   So chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self [Ice] Cause big dicks up yo ass is bad for yo health Hook Verse Three: Ice Cube If you're foul, you better run a make on that license plate You coulda had a V8 Instead of a tre-eight slug to the cranium (POOOOOW!) I got six and I'm aimin em Will I shoot or keep you guessin Cause fuck you and that shit ya stressin Bitch, get off the wood, you're no good There goes the neighbourhood hooker (Slut!) Go ahead and keep your drawers Givin up the claps and who needs applause At a time like this, pop the coochie and ya dead The bitch is a Miami Hurricane hit Sprung, niggaz call her 'Lips and Lungs' Nappy dugout, get the fuck out Cause women like you gets no respect Bitch, you better run a check Chorus Three: Das EFX and Ice Cube [Das] So chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self   So chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self   Come on and check yo self before you wrickity-wreck yo self [Ice] Cause bitches like you is bad for my health Hook Chorus Three Hook 3X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Lethal Injection Song: What Can I Do? Intro: [sampled announcer] In any country, prison is where society sends it's failures But in this country, society itself is failing. Verse One: Today, how you like me now, I'm in the mix? It's 1986 and I got the fix with the chicken and a quota Got the baking soda, let the water boil, workers all loyal Dropped out the twelveth Cuz my wealth is shorter than a midget on his knees Now I slang keys Infest my hood with crack, cuz I'm the mack Take a nation of millions to hold me back Too big for my britches, and I got bitches Now I'm hittin' switches, niggas want my riches Used to get 18 when my G was alive, now a key is 13-5 '89s the number, another summer Police ain't get no dumber Streets dried up, used to think it would last But being a king-pin is a thing of the past They tried to blast me for selling a boulder Now I got my ass in Minnesota Got my own crew, it's on brand new Damn, what can I do? Today... Verse Two: Already done stack me half a mill ticket Bought a house next to Prince, so now I can kick it Now I got ends, wavin' to my friends, rollin' in my Benz Goin' to see the Twins, play at the dome Police are tappin' my mobile phone I'm almost home Gettin' excited, indited, spent a grip and a year tryin' to fight it Lawyer got paid, plea, no contest And everything I own got repossessed Now take a look at the dust And I'm happy cuz I only got 36 months Never picked up a book But my arms are 16 inches, niggas look Can't wait for '92 so I can get with my crew And see, what can I do? Today... Verse Three: Phucked up in the pen, now it's ninety-fo Back in LA, and I'm bailin' in the dough Everybody, now I gotta start from scratch So where to work at, and niggas smirk at Me say ain't nuttin' poppin from here to the LB What you tell me? No it ain't crack, and everybody's jackin' for a coupe Cuz, they sent in the troops Even tho I got muscle, that ain't my hustle Takin' niggas sh*t in a tussle No skills to pay the bills Takin' 'bout education to battle inflashion No college degree, just a dumb ass G (Yeah you Nigga, who me?) I got a baby on the way, damn it's a mess Have you ever been convicted of a felony? Yes Took some advice from my Uncle Fester All dressed up in polyester Welcome to McDonalds may I please help you? sh*t, what can I do? Today... Outro: The white man has broke every law known to man to establish AmeriKKKa. But he'll put you in the state penitentary, he'll put you in the federal penitentary for breaking these same laws. Now we gonna look and see if this muthaphucker is guilty for the laws he'll put you in jail for : Drug using, drug selling, armed robbery, strong armed robbery, grand larceny, rape, racketering, conspiracy to commit murder, extortion, aggravated assault, mayhem, sodomy of the black man, trespassing, embezzelment, purgery, kidnapping, smuggling, grand theft, brandishing a firearm, carrying a conceled weapon, breaking and entering, and premeditated cold-blooded murder. Guilty on every charge. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: War & Peace Vol. 1 (The War Disc) Song: War & Peace Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Ice Cube the great!! "He has indicated to us that he has sufficient.. firepower..  to.. blow up the Bradley vehicle..  and in fact his words were,  'We are ready for war.. let's get it on'" [Ice Cube] War..				"War, and peace" Sing it! Chorus: singer interprets No Doubt's "Don't Speak" War and peace... (Sing it!)  War and peace, forever! War and peace, together.. always! Verse One: Ice Cube I'm at the highest peak, still glad the meak is understandin me Artillery, thoughts of killin me is just a fantasy The man in me is ready for war, like Holyfield/Tyson IV A gang against you niggaz on the shore Either or, your whole family is on the floor Windows breakin all around em, you can't climb this mountain I'm at the fountain, with my troops I start screamin at em like Patton, we gattin at you fools! Chorus Verse Two: Ice Cube Negotiate... 		strategy is the key! I hope they ain't...	exclusively after me! Cause if they are...	we gots to be who we be! And make a star...	out of a head enemy! The papers said...	that he died tragically! They found his head...	with no legs and bo-dy! We made a pledge...	to the Dub-S-C! Bloodshed...		if they got no love for peace! Sing it! Chorus Verse Three: Ice Cube I'd rather break bread than uhh, break your head Break your legs, have em broken, I ain't no joke Don't provoke, the gun smoke from the highest slope Eternal peace, for my peoples and my folks My crips and my bloods, criminals and my thugs Just show a nigga love when I'm rollin on them dubs Just, give a nigga hugs, we can ride on this piece Westside for Life but still down with the East Sing it! Chorus 2X 	After the haters attempt to blow up his car 	We find our hero, Ice Cube, on the ground 	Bruised, but not beaten 	He pulls out his cell phone.. WITH THE CHIP! 	And begins to dial Mack One-Oh 	Who's faded and rolling through Inglewood 	with Mr. Short KHOP 	Words.. are spoken The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Kill at Will Song: Dead Homiez Typed by: OHHLA.com Verse One: Up early in the morning, dressed in black Don't ask why? 'Cause I'm down in a suit and tie They killed a homie that I went to school with(Damn!) I tell ya life ain't shit to fool with I still hear the screams of his mother While my nigga laid dead in the gutter(Shit!) And it's getting to my temple Why is that the only time black folks get to ride in a limo? It makes me so mad I want to get my sawed-in And have some bodies hauled in But no, I pay my respects and I'm through(whaddup Cube?) Hug my crew, and maybe shed a tear or two And I wanna get blitz Grab my 40 ounce and then I reminisce About a brother who had to be the one and only So I dedicate this to my dead homiez... Verse Two: Another homie got murdered on a shakedown{three gun shots} And his mother is at the funeral, havin' a nervous breakdown Two shots hit him in the face when they blasted{two gun shots} A framed picture and a closed casket A single file line about 50 cars long All drivin' slow with they lights on He got a lot of flowers and a big wreath What good is that when you're six feet deep? I look at that shit and gotta think to myself And thank God for my health 'Cause nobody really ever know When it's gonna be they family on the front row So I take everything slow, go with the flow And shut my motherfuckin' mouth if I don't know(Word!) 'Cause that's what Pops told me But I wish he could have said it...to my dead homiez Verse Three: I remember we painted our names on the wall for fun Now it's "Rest in Peace" after every one Except me, but I ain't the one to front Seems like I'm viewin' a body after every month Plus, I knew him when he was yea big Pour beer on the curb before I take a swig But somethin' ain't right When it's a tragedy, that's the only time that the family's tight Lovin' each other in a caring mood There's lots of people and lots of food They say "Be Strong" and you're tryin' But how strong can you be when you see your Pops cryin'? So that's why Ice Cube's dressed up Because the city is so fuckin' messed up And everybody is so phony Take a little time...to think about your dead homiez. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Raw Footage Song: Cold Places Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash To all my people goin through it on a daily basis And it seem like the world is full of cold places Keep yo' head up, fuck what they said cause you can do it and the man will get you through it I believe that, homey I believe that If I can picture that, I'll bring a picture back [Ice Cube] They say "Gangster, gangster! Tell me how you do it How you get through it and them other niggaz blew it" I keep my eye on the prize then pursue it Chase it like a cheetah chuck it out and subdue it So self-educate, nigga don't hate Cause the game I got, is Madden oh-eight Fuck with Cube, I'm better than YouTube Fuck with them dudes them niggaz is new school The game don't change just the players The rhymes don't change just the fuckin rhymesayers (Hahahaha!) They make it up as they go along But I'm goin on 25 years strong The shit I say might get you through the day Or change your whole life, in a major way The shit they say, might catch you a case The shit I say, feel like your birthday [Ice Cube] You know what? Momma said it'd be days like this Straight hell on earth, but come up out the abyss She said "Don't let 'em see you crawl, don't let 'em see you fall All they wanna do is laugh when you tear your drawers" It's a cold world nigga bring a bomber jacket If it's another hustle out there I'ma crack it Fuck the new dance I'ma learn how to eat Get my mind right, stay up out these fuckin streets They keep callin me They keep callin, all the lil' homies keep fallin In them same traps niggaz cain't figure out In the fast lane boy but the bridge is out Make my blood boil, get yo' life spoiled Get you in the system, get you in the soil And your funeral was sponsored by Unocal Saw you UVN, nigga digital [Ice Cube] I know, it's fucked up how they do us Pretend they really care, but then they Jerry Lewis Take that money that was allocated to us Put us in some fucked up trailers then sue us Watchin Katrina, is worser than Ike & Tina See New Orleans get bitchslapped by FEMA Louisiana got racist-ass politics Free the Jena Six (NIGGA FREE THE JENA SIX~!) Your honor, Osama, Obama Even, yo' momma, ain't fuckin with my comments They want us to quit, forget And not give a shit about these sick-ass politics A lunatic is in the White House Make me wanna go do a lick right now But they'll make a nigga bow down in the penitentiary, a billion dollar industry [Ice Cube] I believe that, homey I believe that If I can picture that, I'll bring a picture back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Ice Cube f/) Keith David, Mike Epps Album: I Am the West Song: A Boy Was Conceived (Intro) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Keith David] Only 3 short years after the 1965 Watts riots and the death of Malcolm X and of the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. A boy was conceived whose lyrics would change the world [Mike Epps] Cube, please stop rappin so we can come on and get some, some more of this action man You know when we ain't doin no movies I'm back out here, sellin half ounce and quarters of that good weed in the neighborhood The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: I Am the West Song: Soul on Ice Typed by: jclark0301@yahoo.com [Intro] internationally known you got to smell my cologne westcoast motherfucka lets toast motherfucka old money (x16) old money new money no money noge money dont try to con the godfather in sunny dont try to turn your four fathers into moneey the rap god got the whole world praying for me pray for me bird I see you laying for me got crazy goons djing for me I'm the real iron man you just Robert Downey a crack head and black face fresh out the county nigga back the fuck up off me I burn just like hot coffee I'm conned up sweet like coffee look what this game done for me look mama look mama I'm soul on ice look mama look mama I'm soul on ice look mama look mama I'm soul on ice look mama look mama I'm soul on ice ey you bout to smell my cologne you bout to smell my cologne you bout to smell my cologne look nigga you bout to smell my cologne ey old money (x16) candy paint flow ever since my adidas Ice Cube fans get sugar doc ridas sugar ray leonard style nigga I'm the sweetest roll in on some ass just like jesus cool as a fridge and you shaking like jello mad cause my lifes like a marshmellow look motherfucka if you smell my cologne ask yourself why you're all up in my zone chorus back the fuck up off me I burn just like hot coffee I'm conned up sweet like coffee look what this game done for me look mama look mama I'm soul on ice look mama look mama I'm soul on ice look mama look mama I'm soul on ice look mama look mama I'm soul on ice ey you bout to smell my cologne you bout to smell my cologne you bout to smell my cologne look nigga you bout to smell my cologne oooh ooh oh ooh x4 [Outro] yo whats up my niggas out there just letting you know right now man you got to you better you gotta pay your dues to the dime nigga  dead on the block and hit ya'll ass  with that old Ice Cube superbom hit the one that sent your cousin tony tole to the peneteniary get back in 89 the one that sent lil ray ray out from la to st louis and got off the bus  and served those nigga them quater thangs make sure yall tune into Ice Cube the first one who put you niggas  on burns and pimping pistols and preaching  on burns and pimping pistols and preaching  on burns and pimping pistols and preaching  on burns and pimping pistols and preaching  old money (x16) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Jayo Felony, W.C. Album: I Am the West Song: Life in California Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*ten seconds of instrumental to open*} [Intro] + (Ice Cube) Nigga just another day, and I like the way L.A. to the Bay, livin life in California Dough... we get that dough Ohhhh... we gotta get mo' Nigga just another day (just another day) AK gunplay (AK gunplay) L.A. to the Bay (L.A. to the Bay) Livin life in Killafornia [Ice Cube] If Jay-Z can rap about, the N.Y.C. Why can't I talk about, the shit I see? Without Alicia Keys, without goin R&B This ain't Motown, this is R-A-P nigga (It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood) Yeah (Niggaz cain't stand if his name ain't good) (All the way from the Bay to L.A., Inglewood) What? (This is how it is when you're livin in California) California swagger, fuck record sales Industry outlaw like Josie Wales California, off the corner, I'ma warn ya I'm the only West coast Kind, Edi Amin Get you in the ring I'm shady as Don King I'm takin all the money, befo' the bell ring (ding) Before I grab the mic, the fat bitch sing (sing) It's already over, supernova I'm Kobe, you the nigga, I'm hoopin over Know me, big homey, the one and only Ice Cube don't get airplay Cause I'm from L.A. and rep where I stay (It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood) Beautiful (Niggaz get sprayed, AK'd in this hood) Niggaz know (Bitches don't play certain niggaz so good) (It's real in the field when you fuckin with California) [Jayo Felony] See it's just another day in my neighborhood First thing off in the mornin and I'm lookin for that good (yeah) Stickin to my fingertips, sittin on the hill And I'm overlookin the city, man this shit is for real Plenty 'gnac in my cup and the 'llac all fizzy bruh It'll be a long night, that's what we got these bitches for (Jayo) Yuh, bounce like it's a earthquake, Nitty shake Let's see how much noise it make the city make You see it's just another day in my neighborhood And the police ain't fuckin with me, knock on wood For my shoes, cause she just blew my socks so good Double shot, never knew I'd shoot my Glock so good (pow!) I rock like {?} when they hit And they just cain't do it but they all wanna spit Put my Padre head on, but see I tried to warn him Fuck around boy you know it goes down (in California) [Interlude] Dough... we get that dough (we get it, get it) Ohhhh... we gotta get mo' Livin just another day (just another day) AK gunplay (AK gunplay) L.A. to the Bay (L.A. to the Bay) Livin life in Killafornia {*car bounces on hydraulics for about 12 seconds*} [W.C.] Ba-block, ba-block, deep in the slums Here they come come with the new Chucks on Click-click, ba-block, ba-block, green in my lungs Straight from Killa Cali got the one one one With a tall stack in all black With that Louis trimmin on our golf cap Known to make 'em all fall back It's that - Mr. Fuck Everybody I Can't Stand and bust random C-Walkin on another anthem Tryin to teach these new rappers some manners Chasin niggaz out of the mic booth with a camera Back at it loc it's Da Lench Mob and I'm more {?} than a can of blow, bust ya head open like canteloupe You niggaz is pussy pretend to be, we run the vicinity Walk in the +Circle+ and lose your virginity Put these khakis on and get out them speedos And bow down, cause without us, there wouldn't be no (California) [Outro] We get that dough Ohhhh... we gotta get mo' Livin just another day, AK gunplay L.A. to the Bay, Livin life in Killafornia Yo, we get that dough Ohhhh... we gotta get mo' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Doughboy, OMG Album: I Am the West Song: She Couldn't Make it on Her Own Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: repeat 4X] "She had to get a pimp she couldn't make it on her own" - The Message [over first X] - "BANGLADESH~!" [Doughboy] California Air! Chain all blue like it's runnin out of air I keep a bad bitch with a fat derriere And you know that hoe fresher than a new pair Retro elevens on the pedal! I'm takin this to the next level Competition best not show up in a Chevelle And if you niggaz still wanna make a deal with the devil I can help you meet him, introduce you to my barrel (to my barrel) All you artists walkin 'round wit'cha wack raps (wack raps) and gettin fucked by the game - Kat Stacks (Kat Stacks) And any nigga thinkin he can make it happen I'll be outside of Staples with the bitches and the Phantom Muh'fuker [OMG] Pull up on them bitches, steppin out on thirty inches In my L.A. Dodger fitted with some Louie V stichin Niggaz wanna catch me slippin yeah they prayin and they wishin Cause a nigga clockin dough - and I'm fuckin all they bitches (Yo you fuckin all they bitches?) Yeah I'm fuckin all they bitches And it's money over bitches and I'm preachin my religion Cause this game that I'm livin 'bout as cold as my wrist is If you know my pops then you know I'm 'bout the business! Some big trees (big trees) Christmas (Christmas) Chain super sick (super sick) sickless My flow retarded nigga (retarded nigga) gifted (gifted) This game's a bitch, watch me pimp it [over second X] - "She had to!" [over fourth X] - "What about me?" [Ice Cube] If you don't kick it with me who you gon' kick it with? Ice Cube is the shit, who you been speakin with? They been lyin to you if they told you diff-er-ent I got a diff-er-ent cool type of tempera-ment West Coast style baby on some California shit They mighta told you that, I was hard on a bitch You know how it go, some bitches think they slick Look at me and think they 'bout to get rich Uh-oh (uh-oh) danger~! (Danger~!) You are (you are) a stranger Who am I? I am, The Lone Ranger Tonto tell 'em, I'll run yo' fuckin ass through the ranger It goes [Outro] What about me? {*3X to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: I Am the West Song: Urbanian Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Google me bitch I told her, won'tcha Google me bitch Ha ha, ah won'tcha Ah won'tcha Google me bitch, yeah I told her, won'tcha Google me bitch Try to Google me bitch, listen [Chorus 1] I ain't ghetto, don't you know, I'm urbanian Fuck with the kid, and I'll turn, into Damian Google me bitch, wanna know, what my name is Don't even ask, stupid ass, am I famous [Ice Cube] (Are you famous?) My resume is heaven's way of tellin y'all that God will make a way I rock a motherfuckin mic 'til the break of day Darrell Dawkins flow, y'all need to make a breakaway Microphone fiend with that guillotine killer team You motherfuckers won't amount to a hill of beans When I ride by, well over 35 Y'all still run and hide, scared of a driveby [Chorus 2] I ain't ghetto, don't you know, I'm urbanian Google me bitch, wanna know, what my name is I ain't ghetto, don't you know, I'm urbanian Google me bitch, wanna know, if I'm famous Google me bitch, ah won'tcha Ah won'tcha Google me bitch, ah won'tcha Ah won'tcha Google me bitch, I told her Won'tcha Google me bitch, try to Google me this [Ice Cube] I'm urban, and ordained Your little ass is kind of churban, and propane Your little flame is like a flicker And my bang, is off the motherfuckin Richter I'm hard liquor Cirrohsis of the liver Black lung is what I deliver That's what you get, if you ever try to smoke the nigga Don't provoke a nigga, I'm from that urban community Lookin for some unity, fuckin you and me I only bang shit true to me With iced out jewelry, what can they do to me? Nothin, I only bang shit true to me With iced out jewelry, what can they do to me? [Chorus 2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Doughboy, Maylay, OMG, W.C. Album: I Am the West Song: Y'all Know How I Am Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Ice Cube] Don't trip, y'all know how I am (I'm a fool) I'm a fool, y'all know how I am... Drop it {*2X*} uhh, yeah [Chorus: Ice Cube] Don't trip, y'all know how I am (don't trip) I'm a fool, y'all know how I am [Ice Cube] Mister, Ice Cube nigga treat me like the man If not I come through, slap rock, bam bam Uncle Sam cain't fuck wit'cha nephew F-U, y'all better let a vet through [OMG] Oh my goodness! OMG make 'em say oh my goodness In L.A. with two fives like L. Goodrich Black Lambo' keep me on my bullshit Disrespect the team, I wish you would bitch [Doughboy] They call me Doughboy bitch, you know how I do I spit it straight from the top like a frisbee on a roof You can call a nigga dope baller krispy in a Coupe Every +Friday After Next+ I'm pullin in something new... [W.C.] Ha ha, yeah, uhhh.. The dirty rubber, play the gutter, fallin from my lady lover Three-eighty clutcher, Dub shadier than a motherfucker Turnin a Bacardi up, shoot the whole party up Catch you at the stop light, what Da Lench Mob like? [Maylay] Maylay, ugly, get stupid, McNoopid Came in with Dub C on this Ice Cube shit L.A. hat, khak's and Air Max Blast the C-A tat yeah we stay strapped [Ice Cube] I'm a fool, I'm a trip, I'm a Blood, I'm a Crip I'ma slide, I'ma dip, I'ma take you on a trip Where the girls wanna strip if you stick to the script Act up if you think I'm on some Hollywood shit {*echoes*} [Outro 2X: Ice Cube] I'm a fool, I'm a fool, y'all know how I am Don't trip, don't trip, y'all know how I am The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Maylay, W.C. Album: I Am the West Song: Too West Coast Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] My ego, is big as Heathrow Yup this a lethal, easy as a free throw Yes this negro, is rather lethal You about as lethal, as a mojito Be my amigo, eat my burrito You a fuckin seagull, up in Francisco I'm up in a Regal, still in my pea coat Murder's what she wrote, this is mo' evil This is less than zero, don't be a hero Nigga I'm a pharaoh, with double barrels Goose bumps, hair rose, when I shoot these arrows at your Camaro, pullin down Melrose Still down with Elkos{?} 'til the fuckin cell close Nigga don't test me, you're gonna fail those They should arrest me, blow like Dizzy Gillespie I don't aim where yo' vest be (bang) [W.C.] I'm too hot, to stop, walkin up with two Glocks Way more than two shots, that'll make your roof drop House shoes, blue top, money like I move rocks Dissin will get you socked, and yo' bitch move wop Whole crew popped, by this old school new shot G niggaz still keep my weed in a shoebox Dippin rollin through blocks, dippin while the crew pops Eatin chicken dinners in my cutoffs and tube socks Play my shit a lot of deejays they do not Cause me and bitch niggaz don't mix like two cocks Who knocks with them pocket rockets that'll shoot dots Have your skull on the news lookin like goulash When they ask who the top don't mention us as foolish Eat yo' ass up like a pack of barracudas Put the barrel to ya, like we never knew ya Send the metal through ya, Da Lench Mob shooters [Maylay] I know vatos and they get popped most Niggaz that flip mo' chicken than Bosco's Squattin down the block low, hop in that hot fo' And I can spot Poles when they not in cop clothes Squabble with the combos, Maylay got those Crates or case, boxloads like they came from Costco's They be poppin bottles, we knockin hollows Promise by tomorrow I can have the spot closed Talkin pronto, somethin like a lotto Chips and cheese fuck meat, nigga these nachos Speakin on guap' though, cause that's a combo Keep my green on the side like it was cilantro Comin with the honchos, that's in a stock Rolls And everythang up out they mouth is like the gospel It won't stop flow oh I'm not though Lench Mob, big swanger, don't bang is the motto [Chorus 4X: all] Motherfuckers tell me - I'm too West coast They act like they scared of me - I'm too West coast [Outro: Keith David] + (W.C.) The Grand Wizard Ice Cube {*laughing*} (I am the West, Cube!) (Got another one) (I be tellin these niggaz and bitches on the bottom) (They need to drink some of this Kool-Aid) (Drink the Kool-Aid bitch~!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ JIGG Album: I Am the West Song: I Rep That West Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] {*laughing*} You know what West coast niggaz is gon' tell me? This is too West coast [Chorus: JIGG] Doin my own, thang, and if you got a problem with that Then the nina go bang, bang, and I'll be everywhere on the map - but I rep that West {*8X*} [repeat Chorus] [Ice Cube] Don't you know that I rep that? Why you got let that boy in the buildin? Don't you know that, he about to kill 'em? Don't you know that, he about to hurt y'all feelings? Can't fire him, might as well play the villain I'ma get 'em (get 'em) why cause I cain't babysit 'em I'ma whip 'em (whip 'em) treat 'em like badass children Is it evil? Y'all better call them people How I get down, just ain't legal Money long, sort of like Louis Vuitton I run this shit, right here, call me marathon (boom) I blow like a cherry bomb You a small donation; bitch, I'm a telethon West coast alien, what is he really on? Is it that shit, that niggaz go silly on? Hell no, the pyroclastic flow is evident (WESTSIDE~!) And y'all know what I represent [Ice Cube] I rep that West, I bet that dub I pack that S (I'm a monster) Westside Loch Ness, I'm a problem Matter fact, I'm a mess, Los Angeles, so skanless South Central, home of so much potential But if you go there the warfare is mental Bring your wheelchair, you probably gon' need it Leave this motherfucker, a paraplegic Niggaz 'round the world that think they wanna bang Don't get your ass caught up like Lil Wayne I'm too West coast for the West coast to Fresno to Sarito's, to soul food and burritos I'm down with Angelinos Go downtown, and give a bum a C-note This my town; I run it, you walk it You just now learnin the game - I taught it [Ice Cube] Brrrrr! And if you got a problem with this Let me know so I can add your fuckin name on my list All you West coast deejays, check your wrist if you scared to add the big fish to your playlist now Enemies of this industry, I'ma Hall of Famer, treated like a stranger Fuck that, another West coast banger Who gives a fuck if they play it in Virginia? I'ma play it on Danka, play it on Western All up in this will make your head turn Motherfuckers wanna take our style And run that shit, three thousand miles then rub the shit all in our face Diss, award show all at our place Damn, can a nigga get a lit-tle taste of some of that shine? It look like mine Damn! [Chorus] - 2X w/ Cube ad libs [Outro] Y'all know what it is Is this too West coast for you motherfuckers? So what! Sanctioned by the O.G.'s of America The grand wizard is a, certified G That mean genius bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: I Am the West Song: Drink the Kool-Aid Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] This ain't Sinatra, this ain't The Carter I am the chaperone nigga who brought ya I am the author, this is holy water From the holy father, the Rock of Gibraltar Step up to the altar, step up to the slaughter Get circumcised son and turn into a daughter Niggaz know they oughta, drink the fuckin Kool-Aid Industry laid out authorities they too late Emcees past the due date, niggaz, they do hate You are Bobby Bouchet, I'm the man like Cool J I rock the Louis, but not like Kanye Niggaz see me kinda like, Harry Belafonte Step into the room they be like, ohh-kay-o Yeah cause they know, a nigga ain't Play-Doh Shots all fade-oh, is this Laredo? Border town I knock 'em down just like Legos Drink the Kool-Aid! I make a motherfucker drink with the Kool-Aid ("Let 'em know") Do you? "Let 'em know" Do you? "Let 'em know" Know who you fuckin with, know who you fuckin with Do you? "Let 'em know" Do you? "Let 'em know" Know who you fuckin with, know who you fuckin with Always (always) always (always) Know who you fuckin with, know who you fuckin with Always (always) always (always) Know who you fuckin with, know who you fuckin with [Ice Cube] I ain't the doctor, this ain't the patient This ain't the nigga always on vacation This ain't no white boy's rehabilitation This is crazier than a boat full of Haitians This is inflation mixed with degredation This ain't no dead rapper's reincarnation I heard it was a new West coast, I ain't worried I murder mo' stars than Conrad Murray I got mo' bars than the penitentiary I wrote this shit without a rhyme dictionary Young bucks try to step up, to the harem lookin for some pussy I'm a old buck, I dare 'em [Chorus] w/ minor variations [Outro] Drink the Kool-Aid! I make a motherfucker drink with the Kool-Aid ("Let 'em know") Drink the Kool-Aid! (Drink the Kool-Aid) I make a motherfucker drink {*scratches and Keith David samples*} [Chorus] - to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: I Am the West Song: No Country For Young Men Typed by: jclark0301@yahoo.com [Intro] many motherfuckers criticize pros and how they play and many motherfuckers criticize rappers and what they say even though they criticize secretly they fantasize but they know theyll never paid be to play yea ima kill one of you young punks with a old school flow flow flow though I walk through the shadow of death I gotta make sure that my shoes ad my outfit fresh yall bitches get jealous when you see me coming yall would too if you see my woman yall know what we bout to do this shit here bout as sick as the flu drunk motherfuckers wanna vomit on my shoe niggas cant have shit prolly cause of you rappers go to jail like oprah go to yale steffan policy dont ask dont tell wheres my waterbees as I go get the mail half black is the new black cant you tell? it was blue black like wesley snipes in new jack now you got to have a white mama just to do that Tiger Woods used to be a safe nigga go ahead let your daughter have a date with him he'll make with her prolly in a wifebeater tiger bout to change his name to cheater I don't like it when you call me big poppa from South Central and I hate helicopters if we at school I'll break in your locker see me with a waterbottle mixed with some vodka drink responsibly or drink constantly be who you wanna be in this economy drunk as sean connery at the finery cant throw me out I'm the honery trust me I'll never be the nominee I dont kiss enough ass I'm too honery ice cube be where the piranahs be  swim upstream eat north economy westcoast treat it like hyenas take what you want from these lieing ass cheaters eat the fuck out these beavers thats how we act when you dont wanna feed us crazy motherfucker since I was a fetus you might aswell join us you aint gonna beat us please believe us you can ask Jesus I'maa be bout as long as Regis understand I never pledge of alligiance its like balla confusion might cause a conclusion see you're crusing for a bruising fucking with a pricipal that dont like students dont you know that attention is a lynching and if I forget to mention then I'm spinning out my pension no no no no  the reason I home in cause this right here is no country for young men sunny you done fucked up the churches money im red fox and you that big dummy this junkyard was a empire yall let it get ran by vampires most mcs are god damn liars like them supervisors working up mcgisors??? bitch I'm not a dodger I'm a laker punk yous a fucking clipper you can call me jack the ripper cut you up by your guiser then down by your liver rooter by the tooter gut you like flipper dipper yall better treat me like the skipper head trigga the air nigga air honkey and air critter I come in and kill every litter like that like that like that... no country for young men no no no no its like balla confusion no country for young men no no no no your world is just an illusion  no country for young men no no no no its like balla confusion no country for young men no no no no your world is just an illusion The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: I Am the West Song: It Is What It Is Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Will I ever get it right? Get it right? {*2X*} My momma think I'm outta sight, outta sight {*2X*} It is what it is, it is, it is {*2X*} I do this for my kids, my kids, my kids {*2X*} (Understand me~!) Now homey do you dig, do you dig, do you dig? It is what it is, it is, is is I do this for my kids, my kids, my kids {*2X*} [Ice Cube] Now will I ever get it right? Get it right? Even though I'm out at night, livin life Girl I'm tryin to make this money, I ain't even playin Course the game I'm in, it ain't even payin When I'm on the go, on the go Everybody wanna know, wanna know Cube where the fuck you goin, each and every day? I just turn around, and I say It is what it is, it is, it is {*2X*} I do this for my kids, my kids, my kids {*2X*} Now homey do you dig, do you dig, do you dig? It is what it is, it is, is is I do this for my kids, my kids, my kids {*2X*} [Ice Cube] Even though I'm messin up, messin up (you fuckin up) Feel the devil catchin up, catchin up I put it in the Lord's hands, he is the man Please his demands 'fore he turn me into sand (don't do it) But got to pay the rent, pay the rent Without the government, government I do it for the fuck of it, fuck of it {*2X*} [Interlude] Got to get my swagger up {*2X*} Please get yo' swagger up Got to get my swagger up Better get my swagger up [Outro] Check this out homey This business right here, is personal I would go around you, over you, under you or THROUGH you to make sure none of my family suffer Do you understand me?! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: I Am the West Song: Hood Robbin Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com (Ice Cube) *If I can sell you the American Dream, I can sell you anything...* (Verse 1) I got to get out, I'm gettin put out of my house I got to pack up my refrigerator and couch It's a set up, but the bank wants me out Or the L.A.P.D. will smoke me out This "adjustable rate"- it choked me out They gave me a loan and I had no clout They gave me a house, for me and my spouse Called my mama and my aunt, y'all should re-finance I let 'em dance wit' the devil Dig they own grave, and I gave them the shovel FUCK, my daddy built that house And when he got drunk, he almost killed that house Is this American dream, or the American scheme...? ...That got me walkin these American streets? It's kinda sad when you have to get a hernia Cause ya helped ya grandmama move furniture *If I can sell you the American Dream, I can sell you anything...* (Verse 2) Look at this maggot... with his stimulus package I can give a fuck about a Dow Jones average What the fuck you do when your pay check is average? Law abiding citizen, turned into a savage Got to feed the children, got to feed the habit Fell into a rabbit hole, chasin that rabbit Now I'm in Wonderland, feelin like the Son of Sam I'm at'cho West coast branch, GUN IN HAND I'ma feel like Superman... Walk by the teller, better call a trooper ma'am (Wahh) It's the revenge of the lambs Big bad wolf, we sick of these scams Sick of these plans, sick of this dance Walked into his office, took the nine out my pants (Wahh) You not a man, you a *serpent* Then I prayed to God, let the nine get to workin (I better get to workin) (Hook) You know, I heard they hood robbin Your money or your life, and it ain't no stoppin 'em (I better get to workin) You know, I heard they hood robbin Your money or your life, and it ain't no stoppin 'em Ain't that a bitch? When you got to steal from the poor, and give to the rich? Ain't that a bitch? When you got to steal from the poor, and give to the rich? (Verse 3) Drug dealer M.D. Doctor Feel Good, give you what'chu need In California, prescribe that weed, Oxy Contin, and Codeine Turn ya grandmama into a fiend And see this Cyanide? The first hit ain't free I know you're bout to die, but let me see your ID I know you're bout to lie, but can ya pay this fee? If you can't pay, then please have a seat You can't see a doctor, but you can see a priest We can't save ya life 'til we got some insurance Your premium is paid, at that assurance I hope ya got endurance They got me on hold, and I'm under the influence Nurse high as a kite, in charge with my life And everything is lost, without Blue-Cross (Hook) You know, I heard they hood robbin Your money or your life, and it ain't no stoppin 'em You know, I heard they hood robbin Your money or your life, and it ain't no stoppin 'em Ain't that a bitch? When you got to steal from the poor, and give to the rich? Ain't that a bitch? When you got to steal from the poor, and give to the rich? (Outro) Whatever you need, we got it for cheap right here baby This America, it ain't gon' cost ya nothin... But a arm and a leg... maybe one of them motherfuckin ears, haha Don't trip, just put in on ya credit card... Put it in ya baby' name, haha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: I Am the West Song: Your Money or Your Life Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] This world, so trife Your money or your life (yeah) Keep yo' kids, keep yo' wife Money or your life (give it up) This world, so trife (so trife) Your money or your life (West coast) Keep yo' kids, keep yo' wife Money or your life [Ice Cube] I got that gangbang mentality, movie after movie Cain't get it out of me, who wanna battle me? Mouth is a uzi, I thumbtack your ass to the concrete, treat you like a floozy The pyroclastic flow, that I lay will turn this fuckin booth to Pompei Now what will I do in broad day? I turn Broadway, into a hallway Motherfuckers want to know the herbs and spices They come to me and want to know what my advice is I'm spiritual nigga, like Jesus Christ is And lyrical bitch, I'm 'bout the nicest Content, longevity, plus I spit shit that sit on your brain nigga heavily I can do this shit 'til I'm seventy On the Vegas Strip, yeah there I'll be This world (this world) so trife (so trife) Your money or your life Keep yo' kids, keep yo' wife Money or your life (give it up) This world, so trife (so trife) Your money or your life (you know~!) Keep yo' kids, keep yo' wife Money or your life [Ice Cube] Now I get that money, make that cheddar Play a double header, we can do better You can get wetter, blown out your sweater So much game need dick Bobetta Now Helen Keller, can read this letter Twenty-third space if you read alphabeta I'm a go getter, youse a pointsetta Pointin at me like you got a vendetta Boy you know better! They used to call me Cube the Impaler, ask Jerry Heller You the kind of fella that look for Cinderella I'm the kind of fella that steal a umbrella Now this ain't a diss don't tell Rockefeller And don't exercise the ghost of Makaveli But I just got to be the best storyteller I tuck Slick Rick in with this acepella Ask Yella This world, so trife Your money or your life (grand wizard) Keep yo' kids, keep yo' wife Money or your life This world (this world) so trife (so trife) Your money or your life (gotta have it) Keep yo' kids (uhh) keep yo' wife (c'mon!) Money or your life [Ice Cube] OMG, is down with us Doughboy, is down with us Dub C, is down with us Crazy Toones, is down with us Snoop Dogg, is down with us Warren G, is down with us Ice-T, is down with us Dr. Dre, is down with us MC Ren, is down with us Bad Luck, is down with us Daz Dillinger is down with us Young Kurupt is down with us Maylay, is down with us Suave House, is down with us King Tee, is down with us The Game, is down with us [Chorus: repeat to fade] This world, so trife Your money or your life Keep yo' kids, keep yo' wife Money or your life Artist: Ice Cube Album: I Am the West Song: Nothing Like L.A. Typed by: nikolausmarlowe@yahoo.com I can show you the pawls the bawls (yeah) the Taj Mahal to the strip in M-I-A (i like to dedicate this song right here) I can show the waterfalls from Spain to Prague (to my beautiful wife Kim) to the beach in central bay (whos been down with me since 1989) I can show you the world girl the world girl (through thick n' thin) but ain't nothing else like L.A. (we done seen the world together) I can show you the world girl the world girl (and ill love you forever) but ain't nothing else like L.A. nothing like L.A. When they come to la they got the wrong impression When they come to la they gotta learn they lesson When they come to west coast it's such an obsession When they played out I'm just an exception When it comes to you girl I need your affection every time you walk by you get my inspection all you gotta do now is make your selection and it won't be hard to win this election I can show you the pawls the bawls the Taj Mahal to the strip in M-I-A I can show the waterfalls from Spain to Prague to the beach in central bay I can show you the world girl the world girl but ain't nothing else like L.A. I can show you the world girl the world girl but ain't nothing else like L.A. nothing like L.A. I done been around the world I ain't impress I can't wait till we hit L-A-X Tokyo is cool and yea I feel the UK but can't nothing can fuck with Californ-i-a especially la and I'm feeling the bay but nothing like rolling down pch top down west bound it's all good you don't go Hollywood when you from Hollywood let's go to the hood and fuck with the haters then to the Staples Center and hang with the Lakers no. 6 is cool but no. 24 is the champ and even D. Wade and Chris Bosh know that I can show you the pawls the bawls the Taj Mahal to the strip in M-I-A I can show the waterfalls from Spain to Prague to the beach in central bay I can show you the world girl the world girl but ain't nothing else like L.A. I can show you the world girl the world girl but ain't nothing else like L.A. nothing like L.A. the BET awards and even the Grammies they always pick L.A. over Miami I love Miami I ain't dissin' Miami but where would you rather get robbed for your grammy? ain't nothing like Sunset Boulevard compton and wats if you wanna be hard we got it all what you thought not at all if you sicker than shit then take a tylenol it's just me and my woman verses all of ya'll and we taking a bow for our curtain call the angels are lost they don't wanna be found if god is looking for them I can show him around I can show you the pawls the bawls the Taj Mahal to the strip in M-I-A I can show the waterfalls from Spain to Prague to the beaches in central bay I can show you the world girl the world girl but ain't nothing else like L.A. I can show you the world girl the world girl but ain't nothing else like L.A. nothing like L.A. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: I Am the West Song: All Day Everyday Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Gangster Slow that shit down Yeah Who wanna ride with this? [Chorus 1] We can ride all day everyday It's do or die all day everyday It's suicide all day everyday You'll be high all day everyday [Ice Cube] I'm rollin down the avenue, doin what I gotta do Sick as the swine flu, ain't nuttin fine as you Must I remind you, what is behind you Drop it down, to the ground, like you was designed to You can do it lil' momma, you can do it (you can do it) {*4X*} [Chorus 2] We can do it all day everyday Get into it all day everyday Drinkin fluid all day everyday I pursuit it all day everyday, c'mon [Interlude] You can have it, just reach out and grab it You can have it, just reach out and grab it Just be careful don't be a silly rabbit Recreation use turn into a habit (drop that shit) To the ground girl take to the ground (drop that shit) {*4X*} [Chorus 3] Fuck the feds all day everyday And chickenheads all day everyday Get your bread all day everyday Use your head all day everyday, c'mon You can do it lil' momma, you can do it (you can do it) {*4X*} [Outro] Drop that shit All day everyday, certified All day everyday, qualified All day everyday, West coast warlord All day everyday, yay yay The road that I blazed at, nigga from way back I do's that, I does that, homey what was that {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: I Am the West Song: Fat Cat Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus One] Countin money, eatin rats, gettin pussy all day All I do is lean back, still makin greenbacks [repeat Chorus One 4X for the first 30 seconds] [Chorus Two: repeat "That's all I do!" 4X over] All I do is lean back, still makin greenbacks Still makin green, still still makin greenbacks All I do is lean back, still makin greenbacks Haters get mad cause I'm still makin greenbacks [Ice Cube] I'm a fat cat, look at me, stomach like a Volkswagen Still I can handle my, business got these hoes braggin Ice Cube put it down (bitch I am the dragon) I am a fuckin clown (yo look how I'm actin) They wanna throw me out - but they bet' not touch me Is this nigga fuckin crazy, or is he just lucky? Actin like he own the place, y'all niggaz best to rendezvous This nigga ain't no pussy y'all, this kind of cat all he came to do is [Chorus One] - 2X + [Chorus Two] [Ice Cube] People wanna know how I make that money Momma Ice Cube didn't raise no dummy This fat cat don't chase no mice Hoodrats think they can live off Ice Enemies think I'm finicky, nigga be walkin 'round here like a Kennedy Tend to be, movin like a centipede Y'all muh'fuckers still just Little League Now I know when the haters get mad, I'm doin my job Some niggaz can't dunk 'til you throw them a lob Better go find, another one to rob You just a role player this my squad You get Lenched, this my Mob Ain't that I, you a facade All in the alley, lookin through the trash I'm a fat cat, lookin through the glass [Chorus One] - 2X + [Chorus Two] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: I Am the West Song: Man vs. Machine (Bonus Track) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yo, we in a fight for our lives We in a fight for our lives And the trip thing about it I don't know if we can win And what's sad.. I don't think we wanna win [Ice Cube] Can you help me? A nigga need a job I'm desperate, for some corn on the cob I'm helpless, will I have to steal and rob? No black business so I got to ask Bob Bob got a job but it's done by a robot No lunch break so it can do a whole lot mo' than a human being, and it's European Ran by a Korean-American So there I am, surrounded by aluminum It's nowhere you can run It's nowhere you can be It's just you and me, versus modern day machinery [Chorus: repeat 2X] It's man vs. machine baby My head's in the guillotine baby It might take it off clean baby Automated dreams equal man vs. machine baby [Ice Cube] I'm a fly caught in a web A fish stuck in the internet Don't they know I'm a deadly catch? Eat this meat, every bite so full of stress So what can I say to you? I'm highly relatable and bio-degradable I thought we was unfadeable Slaves to machinery, is that the way to go? I don't need you to bug 24-7, I gets that computer love I don't need you to love Human contact, ain't what it used to was It's man vs. machine baby My head's in the guillotine baby And it took it off clean baby Automated dreams equal man vs. machine baby [Outro: repeat 2X] The whole world is automated It need to be investigated When people are eliminated What we 'posed to do when it's time to feed all the babies? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: I Am the West Song: Pros vs. Joes (Bonus Track) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Ice Cube, bomaye! Yeah, bomaye Ice Cube, bomaye (get 'em) bomaye Ice Cube, bomaye.. bomaye Ice Cube, bomaye (get 'em) bomaye [Ice Cube] Whassup baller? I'm a owner now, you niggaz ball for me And I'll be kickin it, up in my suite Lookin down, ain't none of y'all fuckin with me I'm like a bully that you motherfuckers hatin to see Better whisper my name, like the Wizard of Oz If you say it three times, a lyrical barrage This is not a mirage, there's no way to dodge this career endin, metaphoric collage I'm swearin to God, it's worse than Jihad Fuckin with Cube is like "The Book of Eli" I'm pullin my blade, I'm slicin you bastards You local motherfuckers, I rap to the masses You internet bitches, my pen is so vicious The genie's out the bottle, and grant no wishes Befo' you attack, you shoulda asked Mack He would have told you I'm the architect of gangster rap [Chorus: repeat 2X] Ice Cube, bomaye.. bomaye Ice Cube, bomaye (get 'em) bomaye [Ice Cube] You motherfuckers in the D-league, I'm in the G league I got the most money, I smoke the best weed I got the best kids, and the best life With a fine wife, nigga I'm in paradise Amateurs think it's easy, but you and that bitch ain't about to be the next George and Weezy Just pay to see me, I'm a pro with a show that's incredible, you better let it go Better learn how to do the Dougie 'Fore I wrap you in a Snuggie, and push you in the buggy This is, Ice Cube, know the people love me On some spiritual shit, like the man above me C'mon [Chorus] - 2X [Outro] Bomaye... (Get 'em!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Black.White. Soundtrack Song: Race Card Typed by: Dy_face@hotmail.Com [Intro: Ice Cube] did you get your Race Card I did get my Race Card did you get your Race Card hell no, I did get my Race Card did you get your Race Card home boy when you get your Race Card did you get your Race Card white boy, what is the Race Card [Chorus: Ice Cube X2] please don't believe the hype everything in the world ain't black and white everybody ain't the stereotype just because I look wrong, I'ma bout to do right [Ice Cube] black as midnight, or bright as snow white better do me right or I have to take flight put you on ice, blast on you twice if you a Zipper better come out them stripes just cause I'm dressed like I'm straight outta jail make more money than them white boys are yell and got more cents than your fuckin' president that College graduate, he can't pay his rent but don't call me brother man unless your ass got my money in your other hand pull that black man shit, that white man shit but, see your suit and tie, are still get your ass looks so nice cause I never my Race Card in the mail is that the reason why my life still hard as hell I been to jail, just like Martha Stewart and both told the judge that we didn't do it... [Hook: Ice Cube] did you get your Race Card hell no, I did get my Race Card did you get your Race Card everybody, show me your Race Card did you get your Race Card yo, what the hell is the Race Card did you get your Race Card could any body tell me what is the Race Card [Chorus: Ice Cube X2] please don't believe the hype everything in the world ain't black and white everybody ain't the stereotype just because I look wrong, I'ma bout to do right [Hook: Ice Cube] did you get your Race Card did you get your Race Card did you get your Race Card did you get your Race Card [Chorus: Ice Cube X2] please don't believe the hype everything in the world ain't black and white everybody ain't the stereotype just because I look wrong, I'ma bout to do right [Outro: Ice Cube] did you get your Race Card did you get your Race Card did you get your Race Card did you get your Race Card The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube & Paul Oakenfold Album: Blade 2 Soundtrack Song: Right Here Right Now Typed by: eric@brokermetrics.com * * send corrections to the typist This right here is payback from way back I don't play that This right here is payback from way back I don't play that This right here is payback from way back I don't play that This right here is payback from way back I don't play that Recognize a real dime When you see one And don't try to be one You fuckin peon I been like dion for eons You aint nuttin but a biotch Messed around and let me read up I come back through and tear the street up Ice Cube nigga you better D up And when I come by bitch you better be up Assss up face in the pillow I don't give a fizzle got to do my thizzle The only nizzle that I never ever fizzle The original You niggaz know You gotta get em up (who wants some?) You better get em up (come get some!) You gotta get em up (who wants some?) You better get em up (come get some!) You gotta get em up (who wants some?) You better get em up (come get some!) You gotta get em up (who wants some?) You better get em up! Gotta get whichya Hit you with these things that I'm holdin Who want to squab with the frozen Now who want to battle with the chosen You niggaz lotion, I'm no emotion I'm shrapnel from the explosion Hit you in the face while you posin Hi it's jimmy hendrix I lined up ten dicks And took out appendix So go get forensics Let em know I'm geronimo 'Till it's my time to go You better find your ho Get ya babies and ya mama And move to guantanimo Doubt my skills I'm payin my bills I'm up in the hills Ya niggaz are kills Even though I'm on a FUCKED UP label You bitches know what I can bring to the table You gotta get em up (who wants some?) You better get em up (come get some!) You gotta get em up (who wants some?) You better get em up (come get some!) You gotta get em up (who wants some?) You better get em up (come get some!) You gotta get em up (who wants some?) You better get em up! This right here is payback from way back I don't play that This right here is payback from way back I don't play that This right here is payback from way back I don't play that This right here is payback from way back I don't play that I like bitches like you 5'2" wearin light blue The freak get high too With a fly doo Notta erikah badu That's lookin for a "I do" Now what can I buy you Just to try you Need another bitch to lie to Need another bitch in my coup Oh please can I trouble you For a double scoop A nigga need some T&A Now you can get dick but you can't get no DNA I heard you wuz a big freak (can I hang?) Bitch looked down, I got some big feet I like mike & ike's I like watchin dykes I like goin to fights I like earnin my stripes In the book of life It's only two women Big ol good ones And good ol big ones You gotta get em up (who wants some?) You better get em up (come get some!) You gotta get em up (who wants some?) You better get em up (come get some!) You gotta get em up (who wants some?) You better get em up (come get some!) You gotta get em up (who wants some?) You better get em up! x2 *scratch* That's how it's goin down *scratch* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Boyz N the Hood soundtrack Song: How to Survive in South Central Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "And now, the wonderous world of.." 	"Hey, come to Los Angeles! 	 You and your family can have peace and tranquility. 	 Enjoy the refinement.." "Hey Bone, hey nigga where you at though?" 	"Hello, my name is Elaine -- 	 and I'll be your tour guide through South Central Los Angeles" [Ice Cube] How to survive in South Central (what you do?) A place where bustin a cap is fundamental No, you can't find the shit in a handbook Take a close look, at a rap crook Rule number one: get yourself a gun A nine in your ass'll be fine Keep it in your glove comparment cause jackers (yo) they love to start shit Now if you're white you can trust the police but if you're black they ain't nothin but beasts Watch out for the kill Don't make a false move and keep your hands on the steering wheel and don't get smart Answer all questions, and that's your first lesson on stayin alive In South Central, yeah, that's how you survive "Hi this is Elaine again.  Are you enjoying your stay in South Central Los Angeles,  or is somebody taking your things? Have you witneesed a driveby?  Okay, make sure you have your camcorder ready  to witness the extracurricular activities on blacks by the police,  so you and your family can enjoy this tape, over and over again." 	"This is Los Angeles."		"This is Los Angeles." [Ice Cube] Rule number two: don't trust nobody especially a bitch, with a hooker's body cause it ain't nuttin but a trap And females'll get jacked and kidnapped You'll wind up dead Just to be safe don't wear no blue or red cause most niggaz get got in either L.A., Compton or Watts Pissed-off black human beings So I think you better skip the sight-seeing And if you're nuttin but a mark make sure that you're in before dark But if you need some affection mate Make sure the bitch ain't a section eight cause if so that's a monkey-wrench hoe and you won't survive in South Central "Now you realize it's not all that it's cracked up to be.  You realize that it's fucked up!  It ain't nothin like the shit you saw on TV.  Palm trees and blonde bitches?  I'd advise to you to pack your shit and get the fuck on;  punk motherfucker!" 	And you need your ass straight smoked 	Yo I wanna say whassup to DJ Chilly Chill 	Sir Jinx, aiyyo Cube these motherfuckers don't know what time it is 	So show these motherfuckers what's happenin 	Tell these motherfuckers, don't fuck around in South Central 	God damnit! [Ice Cube] Rule number three: don't get caught up Cause niggaz are doing anything that's thought up And they got a vice on everything from dope, to stolen merchandise We discern cause South Central L.A., is one big yearn Waitin for a brother like you to catch a disease and start slangin ki's to an undercover or the wrong brother And they'll smother, a out of town motherfucker So don't take your life for granted cause it's the craziest place on the planet In L.A. heroes don't fly through the sky of stars they live behind bars So everybody's doin a little dirt And it's the youngsters puttin in the most work So be alert and stay calm as you enter, the concrete Vietnam You say, the strong survive Shit, the strong even die, in South Central 	Yeah you bitches, you think I forgot about your ass, 	you tramp-ass hoes? You better watch out. 	And for you so called baller-ass niggaz, 	you know what time it is. South Central ain't no joke. 	Got to keep your gat at all times motherfuckers. 	Better keep one in the chamber and nine in the clip god damnit. 	You'll sho' get got, just like that. 	This ain't no joke motherfuckers. 	Now I wanna send a shout-out to E-Dog, the engineer, 	puttin his two cents in.. "This is Los Angeles." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mack 10 & Ice Cube Album: Bulworth soundtrack Song: Maniac in the Brainiac Typed by: lordjazz@mobsters.com Intro: Cube In every game, we gotta have the brains and the muscle The game and the hustle... to be real on these streets So here you have it, the Brainiac  Ice Cube With the Maniac  Mack 10 Mack & Cube: Yay-y-yay! X2 Verse One Ice Cube: While ya'll niggas think about the pap I think about which Titanic I'mma sink The iceberg, with the nice words I slice verbs and predicets, ghetto etiquette Y'all better get, this dime-mega shit The Braniac, the theory be conspiracy Keep my eye on the birdie, but never get my hands dirty Verbally call the Maniac and his attack dogs Signing contracts with automatic jack clause Mack 10: I get full of their shit and take flight on these niggas 'Bout to show these so-called Wig-splitters and nigg-hitters Who the man be, and what the number one clique is Let my nuts hang on these busts And hoes see how big my dick is Maniac Mack 10 always keep the heat toted And teflon tips keep the .44 loaded  Straight quoted in nine-trey, by the dime Now we connected He said, "Mack, when you westsidin' and ridin' is expected" So I... Chorus Cube: Maniac with Brainiac, Mack 10! Mack: You do the drivin', while I do the jackin' Cube: Maniac with Brainiac, Mack 10! Mack: My nigga if you plot it, best believe I got it Mack: And it's on... feel the chrome Verse 2 Ice Cube: You in the Stargate, trying t'escape, it's not an option Got torture techniques for them lies, don't ever lie Just put the car in drive, we can go ride- get this money Determined as the Energized Bunny, make a left Underground parking, guns start sparkin' ATF enemies all around start chargin' Tryin' to fuck up my new suit and my weekend Ask me what you want, you bitch! I ain't speakin' Mack 10: Shit, I gives a fuck what the next nigga think (?) gives a fuck how much bitch you say you ain't It's like this on mine, potna By all means, I got the ball So it's your life, not mine nigga, so you make the call Now, I can blow your brains out, punk and act the fuckin' fool Or you can hand your guns over, and let everything be cool But know this: I won't hesitate to peel your wig back I'm off that wet-bomb and the whole fifty yak It's Mack the Maniac, nigga Chorus Verse 3 Ice Cube: What's the plan? Everything thought out Everything bought out, like Bill Gates My niggas love steel weights I'm still great, after 12 muthafuckin' years I (?) your ass after 12 muthafuckin' beers I act kind to my peers and everybody that listen They know when the Brainiac's missin' The big fish, hanging with the chicken hawk Got all the haters, claimin' that they wanna talk Mack 10: You argue wit 'em and negotiate, and I really wanna kill 'em I'm tired of the bullshit, man I really wanna peel 'em Dog, I knew they were scareless 'Cause my brother Snoop told us So fuck the money and the dope that they punk-ass owe us Now when I see 'em, it ain't no question it's all the way on But I'mma wait in front of they momma house For that one nigga to get home And when I gun, watch his body jump And it's all going to amaze me To see his own self Layin' there with his own brains on the pavement Chorus Outro: Mack 10 And it's on... keep takin' 'til it's gone And it's on... feel the wrath of the chrome Wessiiide! Ice Cube the Brainiac Mack 10 the Maniac The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Dangerous Ground soundtrack Song: The World is Mine Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash The world is mine (*whispered* the world is mine) (repeat 4X) The world, belongs to me Niggaz don't know my pedigree, W-S to the C We be them hogs, that make it rain cats and dogs We got the "Bud" just like them frogs Now everybody on the West, show some love And everybody on the East, respect the Corniche, it's not on lease Breakin laws, swimmin through the water like Jaws Gumby's pause, and take they drawers, no balls God damnit, niggaz take my planet for granted I can't stand it Catch a flight across the Atlantic Step off the plane, nuttin but expense of the game Bitch I'm rich you know my name, show me the cane Now are you sure? One hundred percent pure Cause if it's not, believe me the shit gettin hot I got a plot to make your whole family deaf dumb and blind (tell em one more time) the world is mine Chorus: Ice Cube The world is mine nigga, back up I gots to get mine before I act up (repeat 2X) It's a quarter to eight, I'm not finished my plate I got a phone call to make, my niggaz tell me it's fake Oh what a mistake, here's what I want you to break Tie his feet with some weight, throw his ass in a lake And then set up a date, between me and his mate Tell her lobster and steak, and bitch don't be late Oh the pussy was great, I'm still sealin your fate Cause you can't imitate, the nigga you love to hate Chorus Can I grin, show my fin, I'm down with mack 10 Dub-C, K-Dee, and Kausion It don't stop, niggaz get to bowin a lot When we enter the spot, look all the niggaz we got Worldwide, nigga take a look outside Got a brother named Clyde, he's like Jekyll and Hyde Ice Cube is the lick, Westside is the click (Can't get enough of this gangsta shit) You wanna check our cajones we got the feds up on us We gotta roll on Daytonas because we know that they want us And if they catch us in rap, it's a reasonable doubt My niggaz pointin me out, my momma scream and she shout But we got enough green, from our triple beam To hire the prosecution, and the dream team This world ain't nuttin but a dollar sign (ching ching) I'm a partner in crime, the world is mine Chorus [Mack 10] Yeah, you punk ass niggaz know the side, so check it When you meet us, you better bring your heaters Cause the only way you could beat us, is if you cheat us nigga Chorus [Mack 10] We tight, ha hah Where you from nigga? Where you from nigga? (tell them one mo' time) Ice Cube: The world is mine (4X) Ha ha ha, Westside The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Chuck D, Lisa Kekaula Album: Check Yo Self 12"/Due Date Soundtrack Song: Check Yo Self (The Message Remix) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * Lisa Kekaula scats the backing vocals only [Intro: Chuck D] Ohhhhh! ohh! this is Ice Cube's message From you to you, tell them Cube You better, check it out! In this time, we go coast to coast, rhyme with rhyme Mic-mic-microphone check -----> Ice Cube Come On! check it now --------> Flavor Flav That's right, now with no further due Yo Cube, tell them what they got to do! [Verse One: Ice Cube] You better check yourself before you wreck yourself Cause I'm bad for your health, I come real stealth Dropping bombs on your moms, kill car alarms Do a foul crime, I'm that nigga with the Alpine Sold it for a six-o, always let tricks know And friends know, we got the Indo No I'm not a sucker, sitting in a House of Pain And no I'm not the butler, I'll cut ya (Uh!) Headbutt ya, you say you can't touch this And I wouldn't touch ya, punk motherfucker! Here to let you know boy, oh boy I make dough, but don't call me DoughBoy This ain't no fucking motion picture A guy or bitch-a, I'll get with ya And hit ya, taking that yack to the neck So you better run a check [Chorus: Ice Cube] Chickitty check yourself, before you wreck yourself Chickitty check yourself, before you wreck yourself Chickitty check yourself, before you wreck yourself Cause shotgun bullets are bad for your health [Interlude #1: Chuck D] Mic-mic-microphone check.. One, two! Mic-mic-microphone check.. One, two! Mic-mic-microphone check.. What you're gonna do? Mic-mic-microphone check.. Come On Cube! [Verse Two: Ice Cube] Tricks wanna step to Cube and then they get played Cause they're Bitch Made, pulling out a Switchblade That's kind of trifle, caise that's a knife-o AK-47, assault rifle Hold the fifty, I'm nifty, pow Got a new style, "WATCH OUT NOW!" I hate motherfuckers, claiming that they folding bank But steady talking shit in the holding tank First you wanna step to me Now your ass screaming for the deputy They send you to Charlie, Baker Denver row Now they're running up in you slow You're gone, used to be the Don Juan Now your name is just Twan Switching, snapping, rolling your eyes and neck You better run a check [Chorus: Ice Cube] Chickitty check yourself, before you wreck yourself Chickitty check yourself, before you wreck yourself Chickitty check yourself, before you wreck yourself Cause shotgun bullets are bad for your health [Interlude #2: Chuck D] Mic-mic-microphone check.. One, two, One, two! Mic-mic-microphone check.. One, two, One, two! Mic-mic-microphone check.. One, two! Mic-mic-microphone check.. Cube what you wanna do? [Verse Three: Ice Cube] If you're foul, you better run a make on that license plate You could've had a V8 Instead of a tre-eight slug to the cranium (POOOOOW!) I got six and I'm aiming them (YEAH!!) Will I shoot or keep you guessing? Cause fuck you and that shit you stressing Bitch, get off the wood, you're no good There goes the neighbourhood rat (there they go!) Go ahead and keep your drawers Giving up the claps and who needs applause At a time like this, pop the coochie and you dead The bitch is a Miami Hurricane head Sprung, niggaz call her 'Lips and Lungs' Nappy dugout, get the fuck out! Cause bitches like you gets no respect Bitch, you better run a check [Chorus: Ice Cube] Chickitty check yourself, before you wreck yourself Chickitty check yourself, before you wreck yourself Chickitty check yourself, before you wreck yourself Cause bitches like you bullets is bad for my health [Interlude #3: Chuck D] Mic-mic-microphone check.. One, two! Mic-mic-microphone check.. One, two! Mic-mic-microphone check.. What you wanna do? Mic-mic-microphone check.. Westside baby, UHH! COME ON!! ~ you better.. you better.. Check yourself Cube!.. Check yourself Cube! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Mr. Short Khop Album: Featuring... Ice Cube Song: Bend A Corner Wit Me Typed by: crazyniga@Blackplanet.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus 1 2x: Ice Cube] I see you, Over there, Lookin like somethin wrong Cause I'm over here, Sittin on some chrome Shotgun to the dome Bend a corner wit me [Verse 1: Ice Cube] When shit get boring, I jump in some foreign Explorin through my neighborhood, All to the good Ain't the finest order riches Still got ordinary bitches to jehovah's witness Tryin to get wit this Know I got the green thumb, Hustler you never seen one Extreme fun, Wit this mean one But you'll never get none fuckin wit them broke hoes Pinnochios, Fuck around and get a broke nose That's ya fate when we congregate It's the great writer, Exponium big spider Tighter than virgin cocks, At the mall like dispurge a lot Like these niggaz servin rocks But I'm servin rhymes, Two cds at a time Like it's weight, Ice cube the great [Chorus 2: Mr. Short Khop] Bend a corner wit me, We can ride to the store Do it like friends do, What I'm into? Everything on the menu, Wit extras on it Cmon baby and jump up on it Chorus 1 [Verse 2: Ice Cube] This one is strictly, For niggaz rollin 750s And it's polished from the 60s Bumpin that cube shit, Do shit, I bet the wheels fall off Before the skills fall off Throw up the dub, Got more cocks to rub And if you don't, I done got this far without yo love Hoes want the nigga in the t-shirt and rolex And y'all still get the .9 up out the kotex Got the o.z., And the x.o Broads get fatal, And don't wanna let go Incredible, Nigga who you rap like? Come out the movie, Who you act like? It's the don, Still rappin 2000 and beyond Tryin to come up on another million Chorus 2 Chorus 1 [Verse 3: Mr. Short Khop] From the gate, Khop want the whole plate Want my drink and eat the whole cake And won't wait until another nigga say go I lay low wit the tweed and the yayo And play po, And stop niggaz knackin Still keep the set crackin All about the cheese and how it's stackin And plus, It's mo cheddar down the line Ain't no better time for me and a gang of niggaz on the grind Tryin to get the income, And then some Stash a little bit and spin some Keep it poppin till the end come Can't stop it, Then shawties wanna grip 24/7, Money got a nigga whipped Chip after chip, But if I slip Have the homie send me o.t. and work the flip Cause the world is payola Silk the spot and left connect on ya wall in a black crayola Chorus 2 [Mr. Short Khop] Cmon baby and jump up on it [Ice Cube] Cmon baby and jump up on it [Mr. Short Khop] Cmon bitch and jump up on it [Ice Cube] Cmon bitch and jump up on it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Friday soundtrack Song: Friday Typed by: OHHLA.com Verse One: You know it ain't no stoppin all tha doggs I'm droppin it's Friday night so everythang is poppin. I got skin lets spin on da hand, so let tha games begin. Yakity yak don't jump back or its on, callin up Earl on tha car phone. Mack 10 just got out of court, rollin through tha hood in his super sport ropin Too $hort. Eighteens got tha rearview mirrors vibratin, and deep dish daytons. You know how we do it, ain't nuttin to it but tha floss, overcrowdin Harrison walks. 'Cuz if ya fuck wit ours, we leave scars, out of G ride cars, livin like stars. Might hit tha highway, on tha Vegas run fool 'cuz its Friday. Chorus: Oh yeah, throw ya neighborhood in tha air, If ya don't care. [x2] Verse Two: Standin outside on a Friday livin on tha edge, 'cuz we all got 'dem hard heads. It's seems like we all are waitin, for a drive by playin tag wit satan. But we chillin yeah we ready and willin, ya hear about tha latest westside killin. Forty sippin, set trippin, fo' dippin, get tha grip in, neva slippin. BG's tryin tah hang out, but OG said take ya little ass in tha house. My big homey just got out, used tah be down now he's just crack ad. He's bout hard as Darth Vada in his sweat shirt, khakis and Chuck Taylors. Just see him in the drive way, gettin beat like a smoka fool 'cuz it's Friday. -Chorus- Verse Three: Why must I be like dat and chase da cat, or settle for a hoodrat. Dookie braids no dreadlocks, flyin in and out of jail have a chicken and a cock. And I love her 'cuz she down, tah fuck around wit tha underground pussyhound. And her ass is big round and wide, jacked up makin nigga down tah ride. Smokin indo, playin dat Super Nintendo, hear a rat tat tat on my window. Gave her ass dat pelvic thrust, don't trust tha rubber 'cuz its bound tah bust. In tha oven in tha nappy, I had on two so I was happy. 'Cuz dat HIV'll make ya dick hang sideways, and dat ain't cool fool 'cuz its Friday. -Chorus- Throw tha west side in da air, Throw tha east side in da air, Throw tha south side in da air, Throw tha north side in da air. Oh yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Friday After Next OST Song: It's The Holidaze Typed by: angel_raw@yahoo.com [Intro] Tell ya people that I'm comin by (Yeah yeah) Got that shit that'll get ya high (Holla at a pimp) Talkin shit 'cause I'm off Tonight, and you really wanna feel alright [Ice Cube] Cook sometin' serve sometin' Like George Girv sometin' Fingaroll Michael Irv sometin' Smoke sometin', 'cause it's the holidaze Get ya dolla daze, pop a colla plaze I'm come through wit the brand new light blue ready to eat n' shit Niggas can't compete my shit Got the whole family on the law So mines be jealous Like that nigga Marcellous But don't get overzealous And try to ball wit a nigga who play double headas 'cause I'll pull out the double wettas Cock em' back and treat you like you neva met us So this year fill ya heart wit' cheer or disappear nigga Holla if ya clear nigga, it's Ice Cube you can call me tha Grinch I got your Christmas list But I ain't buyin' you shit Tell ya people that I'm comin by (yeah yeah) Got that shit that'll get ya high (I'm on my way) Talkin shit 'cause I'm off Tonight, and you really wanna feel alright I wanna know what you gonna do for the holidays? (You know, I'm comin' through for the holidays) What you gonna do for the holidays? (I'm comin' through to scoop you for the holidays) [Ice Cube] Westside Connect Gang-Ga-Gang Connect Gang-Ga-Gang Connect Gang-Ga-Gang [WC] Ba boom guess who stepped in the room Off the liquor loc C-walkin' under the missteltoe Shoppin' cookies, bag full of Goodies Smokin' out your city with this blue berry sticky icky WC off the hinges my witness And them high switchez for a Ghetto fucking Christmas Hit the block flossin' I got's to rap Three wheelin' with the Konjak on my bud nyya Gangsta Gangsta got 'em lookin' my way 'cause I got the new "West Class" in the drive-way Bendin' the corner, put it up on ya Like threelik swing swing, bling bling Mad Hoggin, Bouncin, Sippin' Beer Blindin' niggaz wit' the carrots in my ear Another currin' out the gate Stack them big heads Dub tryin get me 'tween some scared nyya [Ice Cube] Holla at a pimp, holla at a pimp [Mack 10] It's that time of year I got a Sack of Scrizzla And meants for the whitening sabber and Chinchilla I know my momma cooked I can hardly wait I'm hungry so when I come through hand me a plate Or that down hun southern cook connect jam Now easy on the ham, But heavy on the candy jam I see you lookin' at me bugged out (No Doubt) Pull up in a bentley straight Thugged out Heavy metal, extreme ghetto and bugs And only Converse on my pedal 'cause all I wear is chucks While I'm, Greasin' G all down on my drawers And You Know I plained up like Santa Claus I grind, And do what I do to make a not And the Cali weather ain't the only thing that's hot Chicken Hawkin', I stay away from guys that snitchin And though it's sunny I'm still around hoes 'cause I'm pitchin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Nas, Scarface Album: Gangsta Rap Made Me Do It (Remix) 12" Song: Gangsta Rap Made Me Do It (Remix) Typed by: DaSun Akbar Blame me... (*echo*) (Interlude) Cube You niggas know my pyroclastic flow You niggas know my pyroclastic flow (*echo*) You niggas know my pyroclastic flow It's R A W - R A W [Ice Cube] You're looking at the Grand Wizard War lord, vocal chord so vicious And I don't have to show riches To pull up pull off with some bad bitches And it ain't about shivery It's about dope lyrics and delivery It's about my persona Ain't nothing like a man that can do what he wanna Ain't nothing like man that you knew on the corner Seen 'em come up and fuck up the owner Seen 'em throw up Westside California Nigga I'm hot as Phoenix Arizona I'm Utah, I got multiple bitches It's a new law, keep a hold of your riches Dumb nigga don't spend it as soon as you get it And recognize I'ma Captain, you're a Lieutenant (Chorus) Cube I can say what I want to say, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it If I call you a nigga, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it I can act like an animal, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it If I eat you like a cannibal, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it [Scarface] Nah nigga blame me, for severing cocaine to the geeks Gangbanging the streets, shooting guns where you sleep Putting niggas in sheets, the noose hung from the tree The corrupted police, I ain't denying it was me I'm the reason for the set back in blacks It's a natural fact, that gangsta rap did that I hope that Barack could pull the troops for Iraq 'Cause the truth is Iran, got them nuclear plants I can shoot me a cat in the head with a gat For a man that considers me a nigger when I'm back in the slums Waiting for a check like a bum Look how I did them niggas often numb Hard, I got the strolls full of hoes Liquor stores off the road Big church on the corner with a spot for my rose A glock for my foes, wiping snot from my nose I'm guilty of it all, but I am not 'fenna fold (Chorus) Cube So if I act like a pimp, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it If I call you a nappy headed hoe, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it If I shoot up your college, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it If I rob you of knowledge, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it [Nas] Uh, if they call you a nigger, ain't nuttin to it Tell 'em Nas made you do it Felonious, Thelonious Monk melodic; Monster Cody OG Hard as Rampart's police, warring like the ends was in Sunni I never pull my pants up, sagging my Gucci's, and what? I give a fuck who you bidded with, or where you cop coke The bitch you with or the reason you're not broke I don't count your money, don't want none of your smoke I don't feel your pain, I ain't none of your folk It's easy to put a gun in your throat But I ain't on that, trying to sip Colada's where it's warm at Cognac, crushed ice, y'all know how it is Elijah said - A women half your age plus seven years It's a plush way to live, this is for the blunted For the niggas who keep it one hundred Who're hunted by DA's and Judges (Chorus) Cube If I sell a liitle crack, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it If I die in Iraq, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it If I take you for granted, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it If I fuck up the planet, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it (Interlude) Cube You niggas know my pyroclastic flow You niggas know my pyroclastic flow (*echo*) You niggas know my pyroclastic flow It's R A W - R A W (Outro) Cube Oh yeah and another thing For all ya niggas that don't do gangsta rap Don't get on TV talking about gangsta rap 'Cause nine times at a ten you don't know the fuck you're talk about Talk about that bullshit rap you do Stay the fuck out of mines The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Gangsta's Make The World Go Round 12" Song: Bow Down (Ice Cube Gangsta's Mix) Intro: Ice Cube I pledge alligence To the rag of the United Westside Connection And the 'W for which it stands One neighborhood under god Invicible with luxuries and riches for all Bow Down Westside connect gang connect gang bing bing bang Bow Down Westside connect gang connect gang bing bing bang Bow Down Westside connect gang connect gang bing bing bang Bow Down Westside connect gang connect gang bing bing bang Verse 1: Ice Cube Tha world is mine nya get back Dont mess with my stack the gage is racked About to drop the bomb I'm tha westcoast don Big fish in a small pond Now tha feds wanna throw the book at the crook But I shook they worm and they hook Guppies hold they breath They wanna miss me when I'm tipsey Runnin everything west of the Mississippi It's the unseen pullin strings wit my pinky ring We got your woman so pucker up Fo we buck her up Bow down before I make a phone call Got 25 nyaz runnin up on ya'll Fo the cheese everybody freeze Foe we squeeze on ya knees butt naked please Before any of you guppies get heart Nya rewind my part and Chorus: Ice Cube Bow Down When you come to my town Bow Down When I'm west-ward bound Bow Down Because I aint no haters like you Bow Down to a nya that's greater than you Verse 2: Mack 10 I take ten steps and I draw (blahow) Now who's dissin the mad bad Inglewood addition I bust like a pimple my mind is illmental The Westside connects with me and south central And a drag from tha zig zag cant buck with the Philly's Holdin down tha wild west like a kid they call Billy Once again it's Mack 10 the gold crown holda Strong as a Coca-Cola with a crome pistola Now who wanna fuss so I can buss when I cuss My look bring you fear with gear deom the Surplus Since a teen I chased tha green the crack scene king Lolos Cornishes and Bagguetts on my peices So reconize these real G's take the cheese The Westdside Connection keep it rollin like gold D's Three Wheelin and Dealin is like tha California style But in tha mean while in my town you got to bow Chorus: Mack 10 Bow Down When you come to my town Bow Down When I west-ward bound Bow Down Because I aint no haters like you Bow Down to to a nya that's greater than you Verse 3: W.C. Well it's that chuck wearin still sportin a beanie The shadiest one in the click who want to see me As I slide my locs on let my khakis hang Westside connect gang connect gang bing bing bang Run away run away don't mess around or get fade By this H double O to D to the S.T.A Ain't no hidin it i'm conected simple and plain which Means I could care less about you cowards in the rap game Flashy fools get rolled up beat the caught up When you come around keep your chain tucked From this zero zero's apostrophe is affiliated Shake a studio lyricist I'm real with this Talk the talk, walk the walk Dis me on wax and I'm taking off the whole sidewalk nya I'm platium bond so trick shut up And punk all ya'll could kiss my converse like sh'o nuff Chorus: W.C. Bow Down When you come to my town Bow Down When I'm west-ward bound Bow Down Because I aint no haters like you Bow Down to a nya that's greater than you Verse 4: Ice Cube, Mack 10, W.C. Superstar status, Look ma' I made it Still the same nya, Americaz most hated Westside rollinfor tha playa haters, Even if we all get murdered in Vegas they can't fade us, What's that connect like, Inglewood is where I be from, Westside rollin and I'm dumping when I see some, Fool this the module, got dogs doing gang time, And if you don't claim mine, best to hit the main line, I'm shaky as a wannabe, but still rich rollin, Connected for life is my number one slogan, Put my rag and the homies start tweakin', Number one on billboard, I still keep seekin' And we world wide coming, pushin' 600's, When it comes to gangsta hits we runnin', Nya please you cant see these on your knees, World wide dub SCG, WESTSIDE! Chorus: Mack 10 Bow Down When you come to our town Bow Down Where I'm westward bound Bow Down Because I ain't a hater like you Bow down to a nya that's greater than you Bow Down (Huh yeah) Bow Down (???) Bow Down (???) Outro: Ice Cube I pledge alligence To the rag of the United Westside Connection And the 'W for which it stands One neighborhood under god Invicible with luxuries and riches for all Bow Down (Westside) Bow Down (To the best side) Bow Down (???) Chorus: Ice Cube Bow Down When you come to our town Bow Down Where We westward bound Bow Down Because I ain't a hater like you Bow down to a nya that's greater than you Huh Foolio Artist: Get the Fist Movement Album: Get the Fist 12" Song: Get the Fist Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [King Tee] Get a taste of the heat while I burn down the streets Time to recognize who wore the white sheets Gafflin me up and I'm fightin cause they got me Known as a King knowin what they did to Rodney I know you know the deal, it's open season on my race I'm black and I'm proud to be lootin in your face But yet I'm real smart, cause see, it's a plan To lock up and shut down the black man [Yo-Yo] Yeah, you can play that role like you ain't with it if you wanna But it's on to the break of dawn I said it's just 'a few good men' when we were fightin I guess it'll be more good men now we're united Now all of a sudden they wanna bring in troops Niggas in my hood been gettin loose and buckin fools But now we're gettin wiser, you can tell by the fires That they're fed up, the war is on us [MC Eiht] What happened to the drive-by killings? Ain't nothin poppin no more cause brothers now chillin From every hood to block to corner to street Not black-on-black, the other color gets beat Mh, I guess it's time for brothers to turn the page and Let out some rage and bang a Caucasian Geah, MC Eiht got the pale face runnnin scared Gang of blue, fuck the white, I'm down with the red [B-Real] Doin dirt, at the time I thought it couldn't hurt So I became a jackin expert Lootin, scootin uptown cause they're shootin up a clown That fuckin pig in the blue suit  That pig, sow, buster-ass copper Pointin my bazooka at your pork chopper You passed me a lump just a month back That's why I got my hand on the pump, jack [HOOK 2x] You can get with that, or you can get with this You can get the boot, or you can get the fist [J-Dee] Heary heary, y'all come kick it, man I never thought I'd see a thousand Crips in the Nickerson Gardens, pardon my manners I saw the Bloods and Crips wavin big black banners Bandanas tied, straps on their side Cause in the projects it was a lotta black pride And I remember the time I couldn't answer my pager Cause if you were slippin your enemy come and gauge ya [KAM] It's the KAM and Watts Up, damn, this is like a dream It feels good, cause every hood is on the same team Archrivals got the five-o's kinda nervous They layin in the cut but I know they wanna serve us And I'm certain it's hurtin Daryl Gates He rather have a brother pressin California license plates While the media gets greedier for ratings It's 12 o'clock at night but I'm rollin gold Daytons And it's cool cause ain't nobody trip but the cops Deep jeep bass comin from the rag top [Threat] It took more than a letter to pull us black together But that goes to show you, never say never I seen the tape, I didn't have to see it twice Never seen nothin like it in my life, 12 blind mice Is this the end, where we begin Makin friends with Mister Chen? From the dirt to the streets to the avenues Way, way deep, deep in the Zoo [Ice Cube] Would you believe Not guilty, the filthy devils tried to kill me When the news get to the hood the niggas will be Hotter than cayenne pepper, cuss, bust Kickin up dust is a must I can't trust a cracker in a blue uniform Stick a nigga like a unicorn Born wicked, Laurence Powell, foul Cut his damn throat and I smile  [HOOK 2x] You can get with that, or you can get with this You can get the boot, or you can get the fist The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Ice Cube's Greatest Hits Song: $100 Bill, Y'all Typed by: perdedor2k@hotmail.com Get numbers, get names Thick dames Headhunters get brains Big thangs Give niggas shitstains The shit, man And don't you forget, man. We be The best of CG Greedy Abduct the PD See me? Nigga, not in 3D. Be me? Hah, it's not easy. I'm breezy And off the Heezy Me and my woman's like George & Wheezy Movin' on up, niggas use to tease me See me on top It makes you queasy. Sick with it Bitch, I'm Bruce Lee Seduce me You're nice and juicy In the parking lot, I gots to get mine Why the fuck we goin' in when there's bitches in line? I spend my time watchin' bitches' behinds Thinkin' bad shit in the back of my mind I bump and grind with nothing less than a dime Making movie money, you still investin' in rhymes. And I'm in this bitch With a hundred dollar bill, y'all About to spend this bitch I'm in this bitch I got a hundred dollar bill, y'all About to spend this bitch I'm in this bitch Who got a hundred dollar bill, y'all? About to spend this bitch I'm in this bitch I got a hundred dollar bill, y'all About to spend this bitch. I'm in here Got all you freaks lookin' When we walk by, pussy start cookin' Rookies start tookin' Get your ass up, V.I.P. section's gettin' tooken Might dance, might not might spend enough Cool as hell, but still pipin' hot Soon as I find a spot All my people gather 'round The nigga with the shiny watch--me Ice Cube, motherfucker Next to me, you a test tube motherfucker We kinda rude, motherfucker Get too close and bucka! Bucka! Bucka! Don't want no problems, y'all Fuck around, I'll pull out the problem-solv' and watch E pills dissolve nine times out of ten, you hoes involved. Get numbers, get names Thick dames Headhunters get brains Big thangs Give niggas shitstains The shit, man And don't you forget, man. Security pat downs I'm a star, motherfucker I been put' the gat down I been put' the mack down But check the people that I'm with 'Cause they'll lay you flat down And they'll do it right now Yeah, you scared of the phone numbers that a nigga might dial Club-hop, car shows, picnics Big cars, big jewels, big dicks Rush doors Or gotta hop the fence Blow this door Gotta blow my rent Gotta show my ass, then go repent Gotta call in sick And tell 'em where I went. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Greatest Hits Song: In the Late Night Hour Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Ice Cube] When you see me on ya block, call the police Let them motherfuckers no here come the beast Oh, in the late night hour [Ice Cube] Straight out of Compton, a crazy motherfucker named Ice Cube And I'm rollin' with the motherfuckin' Neptunes When I'm caught off, I got a sawed-off A midget bitch that'll suck a niggas balls off You too girl if ya fuck with me I'm gettin' head in the lane doin' sixty About to crash like Teddy Pendergrass Mama said a hard head make a tender ass To all the dogs that bark a lot Who don't give a fuck if it's dark or not We'll be creepin' in the parking lot Motherfuckers don't know if I can park or not Cause I circle like vultures, La Costa Nostra Bumpin' all the baddest bitches like I'm 'posed to What's yo name, what's yo number and ya culture You need nuts in yo face like a poster [Hook] If you in a club nigga then shit bang If you on the streets nigga then shit bang If you on the block nigga then shit bang And if it's what ya need boy, do ya thang If ya in a Range Rov then shit bang If you in that 600 then shit bang If you on that Steel Horse then shit bang But if it's what ya need boy, let it bang [Ice Cube] Fuck the police comin' straight from the underground Fuckin' pig wanna act like he like me now In 86 same bitch tried to lock me down And motherfuckers wanna ask why I'm cocky now To all the bitches that think they bootylicious I think they nutritious, I think they do dishes I'm makin' three wishes or takin' they pictures And spendin' they riches and fuckin' they bitches Egomaniac, lil' homies call me brainiac Ice Cube's an asshole and it ain't a knack So take a hit of that and remember that Where my motherfuckin' niggas and my bitches at In the late night hour hit the front to back Check the motherfuckin' rims on the Cadillac On the ass attack, can you keep it tight And if the head right, nigga there every night [Hook] [Ice Cube] This is for my niggas that's schemin' for cash And lookin' for ass (In the late night hour) This is for my people that's countin' they riches And pickin' up bitches (In the late night hour) This is for my niggas that's countin' they cash And lookin' for ass (In the late night hour) This is for my people that's schemin' for riches And pickin' up bitches (In the late night hour) So check it and everybody get naked This might be a nigga last record But respect it cause I could do it all night playa I'm all fight playa, you all spite playa It's all right playa, a nigga might care But to catch me you gotta do a light year Ice Cube insane in the membrane Baby go ahead please do the damn thang We gonna get chu' high nigga Our rhymes will get chu' by nigga Tell me if I qualify nigga To bail in like SuperFly I wanna get that, cop that, buy that, drive that You want it too but don't know where to start at Fuckin' with me, nigga better bring his hard hat Nigga where ya heart at, leave ya on the tarmac Where my top at and my nigga Mack Ridin' shotgun, with the top gun Don't catch a hot one soon as he spot one Westside Connection is a doctrine This ain't another club song Or love song that y'all can fuck on So get the fuck on A nigga rich can't believe the bullshit that I'm stuck on [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Higher Learning Soundtrack Song: Higher Typed by: OHHLA.com Verse 1: Yo, I wanna get high I wanna get high Walking through campus with my backpack bailin' to orientation so I can change the nation See many faces but none of 'em mirror me show my ID to the punk ass security Step on the quad lookin' for the track squad walked by a bitch who think she's God Passing me a flyer talkin' 'bout the Messiah she wanna take me higher Keep your rhetoric in the heavens look and see a bro' with a fro like Michael Evans Done spent 6 years in the college always telling me to question the knowledge Sittin' in the black hole with the black stroll and not even one cave bitch in our click Sayin' fuck Professor Fitz I come from the land of the Bloods and the Crips (What's up nigga) Don't like scholarships because they hurt me nothin' but a slave to the university That's why ya see me on the track field run by ya caught by a liar who wanna take me higher Chorus Shit, he wanna take me higher wait until they get a load of me, shit shit I wanna get high so high Chocolate Thai Verse 2: I wanna take flight ya Goddamn right it's a party every fucking night Been there for about 6 weeks walked by the freaks look, black greeks How the fuck ya figure I dig ya me bein' from niggafied nigga white boy in the room with me who never saw BET what the fuck He's about to erupt and turn red start hangin' with the muthafuckin' skinheads 'Cause he can't deal with the overkill college ain't nothin' but niggerville and he regret that his school is filled with niggers jews and wetbacks Plus chinks now he drinks hour after hour screaming white power Motherfucker want me to call him sire he wanna take me higher Chorus Shit he wanna take me higher Shit wait until they get a load of me Shit shit shit Verse 3: A girl gets date raped just like that at a frat now she chase the cat Feminist saying women is God's gift do you need a lift can I take a sniff Do I sound sexist cause I'm chasin' after Deja she from Texas? Down to kick the asses of the fascists who wanna put me in the oven and burn me to ashes but I'm not burnin' the world keeps turnin' and nobody learnin' 'Cause college is full of shit teachin' me to memorize nothin' but the lies Chillin' at a rally for peace the beast from white power up in the tower with the M-1 gun and a scope on dope thinkin' he's the great white hope Motherfucker levels off he wanna see me 6 feet deep shoveled off Cause Columbus University is nothing but a empire who wanna take me higher Chorus: Shit they wanna take me higher Wait until they get a load of me Shit they wanna take me higher They wanna take me higher Unh damn they wanna take me higher Damn wait until they get a load of me Damn unh they wanna take me they wanna take me Them muthafuckas'll never break me shit Artist: Ice Cube f/ DJ Quik, Snoop Dogg, Xzibit Album: L.A. Lakers Theme: NBA 1999 Song: Live From L.A.  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.Com [Intro/Chorus: DJ Quik]  Move back to L.A. (Los Angeles)  Californ-I-A (California)  City of Ballers (What?)  Hollywood (We Love It)  Come on back to L.A. (Los Angeles)  Californ-I-A (California)  City of Ballers (What?)  Inglewood (We Love It)  [Verse One: Snoop Dogg] Umm.. Live from L.A, this way got away  Slide in the hit-house, feeling burnt-it-out  Kick off your shoes and relax your feet  And party on down to this DJ Quik Beat  The beat that gets you lifted, and gets you out of your seat  Flip the BET on, kick back and get your G on  We crossed the West Coast 'Get Go' to the Liquor Store  Sipping on some Rmy Martin, before the show get started  It's gonna be off the hanger And there's few some cool rap singers  I can't believe it, my boy got a show now  Bow wow, let's hit a corner in my four now  Long Beach style, make the women wanna smile  And every guest on the show; gonna bust a freestyle  Suggestions, questions and confessions  We're having good time on the BET Live Session  Hmm, let's roll by the Swap Meet or the Rodeo Dr  Or just coast up by the Hollywood Sign  We're throwing Barbiques so light to grill  All my dogs are invited so y'all come on and chill  If you at the beach Or at football or.. shoot the breach Or at the park doing it after dark  You heard me? ~ doing it after dark  [Chorus: DJ Quik]  [Xzibit overlapping the above Chorus] YEAH!! Los Angeles In California, Ha ha, Oowwwhhh!! Los Angeles, California [Verse Two: Xzibit]  I got to call it hot shit, now  Most people mistake having money for having style  We're acting wild up in the streets without a second thought  The difference between getting away and getting caught  It's real sought, manifested in the form of X  I came to take everything except the final breath  I'm rocking and rolling the coast to your left side  And after sunset we shine on the westside  So let them know, Cube  [Verse Three: Ice Cube]  You know I got Snoop Dogg at my arraignment Started a riot for this black entertainment  L-7s got to ask who I came with, Xzibit  You midget, we don't rap it, we live it  Take it if you don't give it  BET is my digits, baby, so why don't you come visit  We can play all day, Live from L.A.  That's where the party people stay  Yay Yay, now we can do it like this Unless you're flipping on that  All black, gets the format  Sunny day, top back, Double R, high beams  On a black and white or a wide screen  Run and tell your family tree  That they can see me on BET, Weekly And if it looks like Cube is getting too much sun  I'm coming live from L.A. having too much fun Yay yay  The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube & Ice-T Album: The Looters 12" * Song: The Looters (Street Version) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * released free by DJ Muggs at SoulAssassins.com  [*Opening Dialogue Cast of Starring Characters:] Cletus = Tiny Lister King J.= Ice-T Savon! = Ice Cube Raymond= Bruce A. Young [Opening Dialogue: a quote from 1992 St. Louis Trespass Movie] [King James] Yo Savon, you're my man and everything else But you just can't run up in this building and shoot And fools got my brother hostage, man [Savon] Fuck that!! [King James] I don't want nobody shoots 'til I say so, you understand? I'm running this crew [Savon] And you ain't running shit but your mouth Cause shit ain't worked all day and it's on [Hook: DJ Muggs scratching quotes below] Ugh, YOU GONNA GET YOURS!! --------> Flavor Flav Ugh, YOU GONNA GET YOURS!! --------> Flavor Flav [Ice Cube] Five niggaz on the roof with the proof And one went out White boy wanna know what it's all about Back in St. Louis Down with King James so everybody knew us Who that wanna do us? - GOOSE!! The first motherfucker done went loose Catch him on the roof, got my news from my Deuce Deuce Savon, can't be clowned [Ice-T] Saw the motherfucker got the critical beat down On and on the drama continues to ring For me, I'm known as James the King I got a partner by my right hand Though Savon is the hype man But he thinks that he can do something I can't do "What's that?" - command the crew Now, I'm finding out who was really true Two white boys got my brother on a hostage's tip [Ice Cube] Fuck that, I wanna give them full clips So you better stay calm with the shooters Ugh, and here come the looters [Hook: DJ Muggs scratching quotes below] Move it YOU GONNA GET YOURS!! --------> Flavor Flav Move it YOU GONNA GET YOURS!! --------> Flavor Flav [Ice Cube] Ugh, bailed through the skylight He spends some time, so could you give me a highlight White boy got to stick his nose in, claimed he seen nothing Got to break him off something Rushed down the steps, hands up, sound dumb Shaking like a bitch is how we found him Showed him the Machete, he stepped back from the riot Claimed he ain't never seen a nigga like that With Don and Cletus, we stepped about seven for two  And I'm the meanest motherfucker in my crew Do him, boom, hit another shot Ran for cover (* Gun Shot*) [Ice-T] Awww shit, got my little brother I'm not nice tonight, cause you got me in a Gun Fight Yeah, the cap peeler, big drug dealer I already had to kill the man Called up Raymond who is crazy as I am He got the ammo', he got much guns Trunk the funk, now, my posse is ready to pump the chumps I wanna kill them suckers badder than any of them Let them showed me my brother's health Savon, don't care, he is my nightmare I'm trying to slow him up [Ice Cube] I wanna blow them up So you better stay calm with the shooters Motherfucker [Hook: DJ Muggs scratching quotes below] YOU GONNA GET YOURS!! --------> Flavor Flav Move it YOU GONNA GET YOURS!! --------> Flavor Flav Move it [Ice Cube] Pour more juice to the scene Cause Raymond got a trunk full of M16s Now, bitch give me room He got Wickey, K.J. and Luther and White Moon  Cletus and Savon  Seven motherfuckers that drag like Ping Pong [Ice-T] There's a lot of bullets flying Echoes screeching, there's a lot of motherfuckers dying All I want is my brother back 13 men in the St. Louis death track [Ice Cube] So you better stay calm with the shooters The shooters, the shooters, the motherfucking looters [Hook: DJ Muggs scratching quotes below] YOU GONNA GET YOURS!! --------> Flavor Flav Move it YOU GONNA GET YOURS!! --------> Flavor Flav Move it YOU GONNA GET YOURS!! --------> Flavor Flav Move it Artist: Dr. Dre and Ice Cube Album: Murder Was the Case Song: Natural Born Killaz [Dr. Dre] Journey with me into the mind of a maniac doomed to be a killer since i came out the nutsac im in a murderous mindsate with a heart full of terror i see the devil in the mirror BUCK BUCK, Lights out cause when i get my sawed off niggaz get hauled off *Barrel one touches your motherfuckin flesh *Barrel two shoots your fuckin heart out your chest you see Im quick to let the hammer go click on my Tec-9 so if you try to reck mine fool its your bad time feel the blast of the chocolate bomber Infra red aimed at your head like your name was Sarah Conner decapitatin I aint hesitatin to put you in the funderal home with a bullet in your dome Im hot like lava you got a problem? I got a problem solver and his name is revolver its like a deadly game of freeze tag I touch you with a 44 mag and your frozen inside a boddy bag nobody iller than this grave yard filler cap peeler cause im a natural born killa [Ice Cube] Terror illistrates my era now i cant hang around my momma cause i scare her Im quick to blast motherfucker (yeah whats up) it feels like im bustin a nut when i open you up cause your body is exposed to the midnight mist all you weak motherfuckers give my ring a kiss cause im givin dirt naps comin with them bomb ass raps to make your lungs collapse perhaps, you never sleep cause evertime you doze you catch blows to the motherfuckin nose aint seen the sun, in 66 days let me count the ways ^in a fucked up maze^ I never ever ever made a ho stay but Im down with Dre like AC is down with OJ so fuck how your livin Im the unforgivin psycho drivin murdera its authentic dont panic i cant stand it God Damn it Scizophrenic so FUCK CHARLIE MANSON Ill snatch him out of his truck hit em with a brick and I'm dancin [RBX] Mass Murderer, Natural Born Killla, And I dont wanna die I DONT WANNA DIE I DONT WANNA I DONT WANNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DIE! [Ice Cube] I dont understand the logic in my dreams but i understand i like the sound of Sireens terrified screams from the streams of Strycnine dumpin on any motherfucker tryin to trick mine cause motherfuckers wanna violate now they stiff and cold and they pupils wont dialate ITS SO MUCH PAIN MIGRAINE headache I can hear his bones break he steps in the single door gets his ass whipped with 20 lashes like that dude up in Singapore so Im a pull a fuckin Jeffrey Dahmer now Im suicidal, just like Nirvana [Dr. Dre] Tic Toc Toc Tic Toc Tic Dr Dre and Ice Cube on some murderous shit keepin niggaz in order makin there live shorter ready to slaughter cause to me a life aint worth a quarter or a dime mushroom's got my mind hallicinatin aint no debatin im creatin an escape route to be out without a doubt Scot Free, so dont even think about tryin to stop me cause i cant wait im out the gate on the for realla a thrilla or a natural born killa [Ice Cube] GI-GI GI-GI GAGA THEY CALL ME DADA 6 million ways to murder choose one lose one soul bodies turn cold natural fright from niggaz goin bump in the night... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A (Dr. Dre, Ice Cube, MC Ren, Snoop Dogg) Album: Next Friday OST Song: Chin Check Typed by: stupid350@hotmail.com [911 dispatch] 911, forty reporting [woman] hello 911, help me, help me [911 dispatch] what is your emergency [woman] there's someone in my house, there's someone in my house [911 dispatch] can you please run by your address for me [woman] 151 Shenedoah, Shenendoah [911 dispatch] ma'am where inside the house are you [woman] (oh my god) [911 dispatch] ma'am where inside the house are you [woman] in my room, their in my room [911 dispatch] ma'am calm down, deputies are on the way is the door locked [woman] (shriek) [911 dispatch] ma'am? [2x] N N, dup dup, dup double u, a a, a a [Ice Cube] (N N, dup dup, dup double u, a a, a a) What the fuck's up Dre [Dr Dre] You tell me, you talk to Ren [MC Ren] Im right here nigga (N N, dup dup, dup double u, a a, a a) Release the hound [Snoop Dogg] Bow wow wow Wha wha wha what what what, what [Ice Cube] I'm a Nigga Wit an Attitude thanks to y'all And I don't give a fuck I keep it gangsta y'all I'ma ride for my side in the C.P.T. God bless the memory of Eazy-E If it wadn't for me where the fuck you'd be? Rappin like the Treacherous Three, fuckin cowards I'd have seen Dre rockin parties for hours And I'd have seen Ren fuckin bitches from Howard And I'd have seen Snoop give away Eddie Bauer's So fuck Jerry Heller and the white superpowers [MC Ren] This the shit niggaz kill for They hear the villain niggaz spittin' with them nigga flows Fuck you hoes, fuck you bitch ass niggaz too Got something for you broke These niggaz wearin' skirts like the pope Who them niggaz that you love to get (us) Who them niggaz that you fuckin' wit' (us) Love the girl that weed and shit (what) The saga continues, with the worlds most dangerous group Four deep in the coup (Im a spill it) I'ma smoke where I wanna smoke (fuck that) I'ma choke who I wanna choke (fuck that) I'ma ride where I wanna ride (fuck that) cause I'ma nigga 4 life, so I'ma nigga til I diz-ie 	(N N, dup dup, dup double u, a a, a a)  I'ma smoke where I wanna smoke (fuck that) I'ma choke who I wanna choke (fuck that) 	(N N, dup dup, dup double u, a a, a a) I'ma ride where I wanna ride (fuck that) cause I'ma nigga 4 life, so I'ma motherfuckin nigga til I diz-ie [Dr Dre] A pencil, a pen, or a glock Im the original, subliminal, subterranium Titianium, criminal minded, swift D-R-E with that fuck a bitch shit (fuck a biatch) A couple o' notes and get you hog-tied in rope Dope like tons of coke, cutthroat You don't want the pistols to whistle Candy paint impala I make hoes pop collars [Snoop Dogg] God damn hoes, here we go again Fuckin with Ren, playin' to win (he got the) coke in hand, (I got the) juice and gin Same shit you was fuckin wit way back then We keep it crackin' from the actin to the jackin G'ed up C'ed up motherfucker blaze the weed up We all on deck fool so put your heat up I stay on deck so me don't get wet [Ice Cube] Look my nigga, we can scatter like buckshots Let's get together, make a record, why the fuck not? [MC Ren]	Why the fuck not? [Dr Dre]	Why the fuck not? [Snoop Dogg]	Why the fuck not? [Ice Cube]	Cause I'm tight as the night I had to wipe activator off the mic, in 1985 [Snoop Dogg] (N N, dup dup, dup double u, a a, a a) Real niggaz, biatch, you know, ha hah [Ice Cube] We cause tragedy, erratically Systematically, in your house without a key How fucked up that'd be Gat'll be near your anatomy, my form of flattery [Dr Dre] Assault and battery, cus we coming with that street mentality Straight west coast rider academy Concrete nigga, that's my reality [Snoop Dogg]	We tend to bus' on niggaz that get mad at me [Dr Dre]	Was it a bitch in the mix [Snoop Dogg]	Well it had to be [Dr Dre] Lying tricks told them dicks I had a key Hoes make the world harder than it have to be (Yea thats right) I'ma smoke where I wanna smoke (fuck that) I'ma choke who I wanna choke (fuck that) I'ma ride where I wanna ride (fuck that) cause I'ma nigga 4 life, so I'ma nigga til I diz-ie I'ma smoke where I wanna smoke (fuck that) I'ma choke who I wanna choke (fuck that) I'ma ride where I wanna ride (fuck that) cause I'ma nigga 4 life, so I'ma motherfuckin nigga til I diz-ie [6x] N N, dup dup, dup double u, a a, a a The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.W.A. Album: N.W.A. and the Posse/Greatest Hits Song: A Bitch is a Bitch Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Eazy-E] Oh, shit - I guess there's one less bitch you gotta worry about [Narrator] Let's describe a certain female A female with the disease of character and attitude If you will, a snob However, in the view of N.W.A... [Ice Cube] A bitch is a bitch (bitch) so if I'm poor or rich (word up) I talk in the exact same pitch Now the title bitch, don't apply to all women But all women have a little bitch in 'em (yeah) It's like a disease that plagues they character Takin the women of America (yeah) And it starts with a letter B It makes a girl like that think she better than me (bitch) See some get mad, and some just bear it But yo, if the shoe fits wear it (wear it) It makes 'em go deaf in the ear That's why when you say 'hi' she won't say 'hi' Are you the kind that think, you're too damn fly? Bitch eat shit and die (ha ha ha..) Ice cube comin at you at crazy pitch (Why?) I think a bitch is a bitch "Who the fuck you think you callin a bitch you little sorry muthafucka? I dunno who the fuck you think you talkin to Let me tell you one muthafuckin thang, I'm not no..." [Eazy-E] Bitch, shut the fuck up [Ice Cube] Yo, you can tell a girl that's out for the money (How?) She look good and the bitch walk funny She ain't no dummy, she's rather connivin Yo bitch, fuck when I'm drivin~! See a young nigga that's strivin You're through, without a BMW That's why, a bitch is a bitch I guess Or either P-M-S Here, test the girl that's kinda snobby (aight) And I bet you dissin niggaz is her hobby And after she finish the test Grade today of B, I, T-C-H And watch her get mad cause she know it's true (she know it) But a nigga like me'll say 'fuck you' Do like Ice Cube, slam her ass in a ditch (slam her ass) Cause a bitch is a bitch "Why I got to be a bitch?" I ain't call you no bitch If you'd listen to a goddamn song it'd tell you what a bitch is "Fuck the song cause I'm not no muthafuckin bitch" I didn't say you was a bitch If you stopped actin like a goddamn bitch "Fuck you, lil punk-ass lil nigga!" Fuck you, bitch! "Fuck you! Who the fuck you think you are?" Little sorry-ass scandalous-ass ho "Yeah I'ma bring ma bitch" Fuck you! Suck my dick, bitch! Lil scandalous-ass doody dogg breath smoking... [Ice Cube] I once knew a bitch who got slack Cause she played me, like she was all that A bitch can be your best friend talkin behind your back (yeah) About who's fuckin who and who's gettin fat Look at yourself for me (look bitch) Now do you fall, in this category? Are you the kind that won't blink Cause you don't think, yo' shit stink? Lucky I haven't had a drink Cause I'd down you ass, then I'd clown your ass Cause the niggas I hang with ain't rich (I ain't rich) We'll all say "Fuck you bitch!" (Word up!) Now, what I can do with a ho like you Bend your ass over and then I'm through (get the fuck out) Cause you see Ice Cube ain't takin' no shit (Why?) Cause I think, a bitch is a bitch [Narrator] There you have it - the description of a bitch Now ask yourself, are they talking about you? Are you that funky, dirty, money-hungry, scandalous stuck-up, hair piece contact wearing bitch? Yep, you probably are - HAHAHAHAHAHAHA~! "Bitch!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Old St. Ides Commercial Song: Crooked I For All Ages * Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * on DJ Drank's "Greatest Malt Liquor Hits" [Intro: Overvoice] I'm gonna get you.. I'ma get you.. I'ma get you.. Awwwoww, I drink.. Crooked I ---> Ice Cube You know the Can is black ------> Ice Cube Yep, I drink.. Crooked I ------> Ice Cube You know the Can is black ------> Ice Cube With the funky Crooked I -------> Ice Cube [Ice Cube] Introducing Crooked I Ice Tea and food punch, damn I got the hunch  That all the Gs in the house'll be sipping It's non-alcoholic, so it ain't no tripping All natur-al, you still be the man With your hand around the black Can I wish I had the fourty Oz;  Of the Crooked I, Bud' and Ice Tea Better than the rest I'm stepping on the stages, Crooked I for all ages Ice Cube, chilling on a day that's hotter Can't wait 'til they come with the peanut clutter Not a malt liquor, it never was Cause somedays I don't wanna get buzz So walk pass the snapple Crooked I's on sale from Cali' to the Big Apple And all Gs drink it [Outro: Overvoices] [-] Where we're going man, what we're going to look for? [+]  Uhh.. we're looking for the bitches with fucking St. Ides brew Aiy.. wa.. wa.. wait.. wait a minute, you guys from 115 You're not going to bring me none of that plumber Budweiser shit Are you? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yo-Yo f/ Ice Cube Album: Old St. Ides Commercial Song: Femalt Liquor * Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * on DJ Drank's "Greatest Malt Liquor Hits" [Intro: Ice Cube] Yo, coming at you with another funky St. Ides Commercial Ice Cube, and I got my gat And it's still a Man's world [Yo-Yo] Sixteen men dead on the mothership As they said they're only about to sip Of St. Ides Malt Liquor and end up.. [Ice Cube] Wait, wait, wait Yo-Yo I think your head is getting better Cause I see you coming St. Ides is strong enough for a man and not for a woman [Yo-Yo] Back up off my tip!! To me you're just shooting your lips Ain't nothing wrong with a woman taking a sip I'll hurtle, don't get me wrong The drink is real strong  But it's cool and mellow  When you're grooving with your fellow So ladies while you out there chilling with your man While he popped the fourty, put a glass in your hand Slide me mine, cause St. Ides is right on time Yeah, ha ha ha-uhh.. I told you;  It wouldn't be nothing without the woman's touch Ha ha ha [Ice Cube] Or a big butt, ha ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ DJ Pooh, E-Swift (Tha Alkaholiks) Album: Old St. Ides Commercial Song: S.T. Crooked I.D.E.S. * Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * on DJ Drank's "Greatest Malt Liquor Hits" [Intro: DJ Pooh] Yo, let's bust on of them funky St. Ides Commercial, man Where that beat at?  (*Beat stared... Lend your ear --> E-Swift) Ha ha ha, yeah, that's it Yo, DJ Pooh in the mic at this time Me and E-Swift's in the house Yo, we got Ice Cube in the house He's finna bust a funky St. Ides Commercial We're gonna show you how we do it, yo, kick it off!! [Ice Cube] S-T-Crooked-I-D-E-S  Guaranteed to get a big booty undressed I got a fourty every hood that you see me in Cause St. Ides's Malt Liquor is the premium Ice Cube is in the house, don't you know me  Pour a little out on the curb for my homies I asked Pooh and Da Lench Mob crew How much money; you got on the St. Ides brew? Then I go and get a Six-pack You know the Can is black, with the funny zigzag Then I picked up a girl Forget Eight Ball, that beer'll make you hurl And when she seen the black Can and the trees It makes her talk about the birds and the bees Drink St. Ides and boots are ass out Ice Cube is five thousand as I passed out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chuck D, DA Smart, Ice Cube, Ice-T, Insane, KAM, Killah Priest   Mobb Deep, The RZA, Shorty, Smooth B Album: One Million Strong Song: Where Ya At? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] So yo check this out This is Ice Cube from the Westside Connection Callin all the way from Johannesburg, South Africa The world has never seen a million black men in one place But on October 16, in Washington, D.C., a million black men will gather "This is a mission, not a small time thing" (sample repeats) [Mobb Deep] Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, word up son, check it out though YaknowhatI'msayin? Word up son Listen up son, knowhatI'msayin? (Watch out for them man) Listen up son, check it out though, yo Open your eyes get wise and look alive focus your attention Windows 95 updated high tech lynchin Crosses of the colored man who claims he holds the keys to the safe Secrets of the world, blow him in his face Who's the master of the universe, galaxy and planets Babylonians ecstatic moon the sinkin of Atlantis (Be the one soul original black filled with melanin  Goin out like represent Kuwait in two thousand) [Ice-T] Brothers gonna have to put themself in check Three strikes you in the penzo, checked to your neck Your woman cries, your baby grows up alone Talkin through a three inch glass on a two way phone You tell me brothers got no options today You best to listen to the Ice closely fool, crime don't pay Gas and dope bullets and coke ain't the way You need to march with the Nation on Atonement Day, represent [Chuck D] Now, to all my brothers we be rhymin like this Yeah I can handle, but they can't kill it mill or dismantle it And we can leave the component alone Show all my brothers a brother instead of negro Crackers in the back obscene knahmean But I've been knockin em out the box like ?? So on the single we be flowin at the lingo Comin together, not solo like Mandingo Chorus: all together So where you at y'all?   Right here, hangin with my brothers and we showin no fear So where you at y'all?   Right here, if you represent then throw your hands in the air [Smooth B] Arm Leg Leg Arm Head My people with braids waves dreads and baldheads A million strong doin duty, wisdom strength beauty Ummah Ahs they are, sun moon star And it's a holy day, come sober Smooth B in D.C., sixteenth of October In unity there is power, none can devour Hour after hour, we shower [RZA & Killah Priest] Imagine us travellin back to Nazareth   Most fabulous To raise up the black dead slaves like Lazarus   When I catch rays through the blaze holy essays   No more death days and vexed slaves possessed in caves Yo it's the last days and times we gots to raise your mind Brothers walk around dumb different and blind Pregnant Earths always carry eggs I pledge to never fall off the ledge and blacks remain family like Sister Sledge [Shorty] God prepared the table for us, in the presence of our enemy Now we soon to be, one in unity One two three I'm a G But the God inside is that G I chose to be The world is a stage and everybody plays a part I'm not considered, the one with a sensitive heart When I say black man you say go Black man GO black man GO Chorus [DA Smart] Somebody stole me, you took me from Kunta to Toby and mold me, in a way that you freed me but still hold me What you tryin to pull? Eatin us like cannibals Whatever happened to that forty acres and that animal Now you tryin to use integration just to fool us Like Malcolm said, we been hoodwinked and bamboozled Mama cryin, and I ain't lyin I'm going to Washington for justice, I'ma get it, or die tryin Don't hesitate, he's at the gate And that's a million black men in one place to set it straight So black women applaud the black God I'm DA Smart, with the million man march [KAM] Damn that's how you know the world about to end Rain hail snow earthquakes and a million black men Upon the God indivisible With liberty and justice for all cause y'all done made us miserable With this AmeriKKKan nightmare That's why October 16th we gon be right there like yeah The same niggaz that you want gone Well we about a million deep on your front lawn It's goin on from here to Abraham Lincoln's statue And every brother here thinkin yeah we need to holla at you About this overdue bidness With the Black Muslim, Christian Jew and Jehovah Witness To get this out in the open the only way Is for us to declare a black holy day The homies say that they rollin Plus we got family, forty miles up, controllin Chorus 4X (to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Mr. Short Khop Album: The Player's Club Sdtk Song: My Loved One Typed by: HJWESS1@msg.pacbell.com [Cube] Nigga ain't tryin' to do too much All I wanna do is have fun with my loved ones (yaaeyae) spend a hun' on my loved ones (yaeeyae) make a run with my loved ones My relatives & my cousins (repeat w/) I like to get down with my peoples & my folks my dogs & my locs the room filled with smoke (brr) I got these Crip niggas talkin' to the Bloods & niggas ain't spreadin' slugs but spreadin' love (yeah) it's the thang we do since ' 92 What's the use of you killing me & me killing you? We at the picnic off the liquid we the illest in town & nobody gets sick heard these freaks don't get along cause one hair is short & one's is long The dick don't care 'bout no hair what you talkin' 'bout? We can work it out when you with me nigga all the drinks on the house All I wanna do is have fun with my loved ones spend a hun' on my loved ones make a run with my loved ones My relatives & my cousins [S.K.] What you wanna do? All I wanna do is have fun with my loved ones spend a hun' on my loved ones make a run with my loved ones My relatives & my cousins (yaeeyae) [S.K.] What they hittin' fo Cube? [Cube] Oh you wanna pay the price I'm like Poltergeist when I get ya dice I make 'em do thangs man I got the Method like Wu-Tang have you niggas changin' like mood rings So we should kick back on this six pack where them bitches at with the fifth of yak (cognac) (Oh they went to get some food too) I know the people that you came with & hang with but who's you? [S.K.] They call me Short Khop I'm the nigga in the bathroom with 2 bitches & the do' locked (You??) I know you famous & I must be buzzin' but can't nobody give head like yo' cousin (ah fuck you) All I wanna do is have fun with yo' loved ones spend a hun' with yo' loved ones make a run with yo' loved ones Yo' relatives & yo' cousins (ha haa) (What you wanna do?) All I wanna do is have fun with yo' loved ones spend a hun' with yo' loved ones make a run with yo' loved ones Yo' relatives & yo' cousins [Cube] Now be careful on yo' way home you know it's on with the police they can't see a nigga get no peace They pull you over never carin' if you drunk or sober they wanna fuck with yo' nuts call yo' baby momma sluts put you in cuffs In the Afterworld yo' ass gon' get touched We see you later workin' for them haters fuckin' space invaders comin' up the elevators to 304 damn that's my suite why you bammin' on the fuckin' do' & holdin' heat Bring yo' ass in come on have a seat we can meet over somethin' to eat Muthafucka Cause All I wanna do is have fun with my loved ones spend a hun' with my loved ones make a run with my loved ones My relatives & my cousins (What you wanna do?) All I wanna do is have fun with my loved ones spend a hun' with my loved ones make a run with my loved ones My relatives & my cousins (It's on me& you) C: I ain't fuckin' with no niggas that don't love me bitch Fuckin' with y'all muthafuckas. We through with the bullshit. Kick rocks nigga if you with that bullshit kick rocks All I wanna do is have fun with my loved ones My relatives & my cousins Connect Gang he hah Connect Gang Put it down like this... put it down like this & never ever miss The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: The Player's Club Soundtrack Song: We Be Clubbin Typed by: HJWESS1@msg.pacbell.com Yaeeyaae uh huh uh huh brrr We be clubbin' Heyy hey heyy heyy look here look here first of all I wanna welcome all y'all broke ass entreponiggas to the Player's Club. Yaeeyaae Verse 1: It's packed niggas don't know how to act we the macks V.I.P's in the back with a stack of numbers my niggas like 'em dumber we oughta get 'em smarter Baby take my order The only shark that swim in Henn no water got ya daughter doin' shit you don't think she oughta Gave the order to slaughter any ass like that you know how the loni act off the cognac Brainiac with maniac Mack 10 (my nigga) down ta get this mothafuckin' party crackin' Nigga back in so we can smoke a dub down ta bump all these bitches at the club (Yaeeyaae) show me love  Chorus: We be clubbin' everybody likes when the girl shakes something Nigga don't pull nothing (That's right) We ain't dumping We just bumpin' and bangin'  like it ain't nothing wrong Get ya club on (We be clubbin') Ah, we be clubbin'(we be clubbin') Yaeeyaae (we be clubbin' we be clubbin') Verse 2: We gettin' in free so what the fuck now WSCG just touched down show a nigga 'round least take a nigga to the sto' (Y'all in fo the night?) Hell no Security bail slow up in the club remember when they push & shove it's only love Dubs for everybody waitin' on us and fuck everybody hatin' on us debatin' on us but we only visitin' ain't tryin' ta fuck with niggas in lizard skins I see you watching me, you should watch her 'cause if she sick of yo' shit I'm the doctor watch her Show her to the car & see how bad she wanna meet these stars They know who we are (Where we going?) WESTSIDE Nigga meet me by the bar Bridge: Shake it off shake it off take it off break it off break it off make it soft (4X) Brrr (we be clubbin') uhh (uhh) (we be clubbin' 2X) Verse 3: Baby beware Ice Cube is on tilt waitress bitchin' off the drinks my nigga spilt Everybody's sweatin' like it's Armageddon 1999 party over oops I'ma still grind Straight from the West put away yo' 9 (click click) DJ can ya play my shit one mo' time Goddamn you fine (my nigga speak on it) she got ass for days (put a week on it) Now everybody in the world love to go clubbin' and after the club it's either breakfast or fuckin' Hope we ain't duckin' from haters in the parking lot who ain't got nothin' tryin' to prove sumthin Frontin' we be the niggas who be bluntin' on our way to the Marriott keep 'em very hot Westside hittin' hairy cock all night long Get ya club on! Chorus Bridge Chorus: We be clubbin' everybody likes when the girl shakes something Nigga don't pull nothing (That's right) We ain't dumping We just bumpin' and bangin'  like it ain't nothing wrong Get ya club on Homeboys show me love up in the club (Yaeeyaae) Homegirls show me love up in the club Security show me love up in the club Owners show me love up in the club Waitress' show me love up in the club (Yaeeyaae) Bartenders show me love up in the club L.A. show me love up in the club The Bay show me love up in the club Chicago show me love up in the club (Yaeeyaae) St. Louis show me love up in the club Miami show me love up in the club New York show me love up in the club Detroit show me love up in the club (Yaeeyaae) Houston show me love up in the club K.C. show me love up in the club Denver show me love up in the club D.C. show me love up in the club (Yaeeyaae) Atlanta show me love up in the club Memphis show me love up in the club Dallas show me love up in the club (Yaeeyaae) I might spend a dub. Bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Mr. Short KHOP Album: The Players Club Soundtrack Song: Who Are You Lovin Typed by: Steelrs69@aol.com Mr Short KHOP: Nasty girl, nasty girl, in ya own little nasty world (4x) Chorus: We just smokin, drinkin and fuckin,  and we aint dumpin nothin baby who are you lovin (who loves you baby)  Verse 1: We got a room full a clownin And baby here got tha mean stark got me frownin And we bout it like them niggaz from Orleans And puts it down like we court grime from green to green Make ya scrilify any means, fuckin up any sceams Or any plots that you got, you best had get rocks We gets knots, 40 aint tha lots fuck a mule My lil nigga hit tha fuel, and traffic bitches bust you To get used by the cliq with tha bomb dick like tha fuse Like Noah, take em in two's for 40 dayz and 40 nights In tha double tree up 40 flights. Chorus: (x2) Verse 2: We can see that you fuck wit too many stars We can tell em how u fuckin up that miny bar Already know u problably worked at tha tity bar We see yo tittys and yo ass got u pretty far Fly bitches aint impressed by a lil gold But soakin wet off the power that a nigga hold All ???????? That a nigga fold Bust a load, just as soon as we get u blowed Get ya purse and ya pager dont forget ya coat Before ya leave slip ya other girlfriend a note Tellin her to shake u and bring back a quote You get my vote for tha one with tha deepest throat.  Chorus: (x2) I know this is a gang a bitches by tha silhouette Niggaz ran through a few and aint finished yet Cuz when it come to tha hoes and time to get it wet We only keep tha startin 5 like tha pinatech They hit us off wit tha tongue fo tha nut licks And follow through to duck6 and butt licks Nigga fuck tricks, they in tha back wit they legs up And im gon tell u how i want it whether head or guts Im spread nuts, set it up, i show you how to wet it up 2 and 3 to 4 how this nigga kept it up,  Up to bat the 3rd time, nigga struck out Blamed it on tha bitch and told her "get the fuck out" (People say its dirtyyy, people say its wrong They look at out music like its a nasty song, its nasty!!) Nasty girl Nasty girl in ya own lil nasty world (x2) (People say its dirtyyy, people say its wrong They look at out music like its a nasty song, its nasty!!) Nasty girl Nasty girl in ya own lil nasty world (x4) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Master P and Ice Cube Album: The Player's Club soundtrack Song: You Know I'm a Hoe Typed by: HJWESS1@msg.pacbell.com Master P (Cube) I'm ready (Ay yo P What's crackin' nigga?) I'm tryin' to get my roll on Cube. (So where we headed?) The Player's Club fool. You 'Bout It? (I'm 'Bout It nigga I heard it was hoes at The Player's Club.) Oh yeah like that big booty girl that you know yo' boy was tryin' to holler at her uh she be out there too    (Oh yeah yeah) let's go get our bump on You ready? Cube Now which one of y'all freaks wanna get down with the biggest nigga in town the world renowned You can meet me downtown in the lobby walkin' past niggas that's dry as the Mojave (unnnngh) step into the elevator push the Penthouse (what) Smell the smoke in the hall we gettin' bent out we just sent out for room service Why you actin' cool & yo' cousin lookin' nervous Bullshit conversation 'bout yo' occupation here we go with this mandantory time wastin' My nigga Master P is in Suite 23 doin' hella shit (unnnnngh) to ya relative In the ghetto we turnin' fine hoes into petals hands on our metals never have to fetch hoes they come runnin' with they fans & they best clothes to get stuck by the nigga with the million bucks I won't lie and say I had a million fucks I tell you what 'cause I get 'em then I share 'em I get my ham fucked up then I ? 'em Cause I'm a hoe you know I'm a hoe I fuck three different bitches after every show Cause I'm a hoe you know I'm a hoe How do you know because I told ya so Master P If it don't make dollars then it don't make sense (no) Cube & Master P goin' half on a wench (biotch) I ain't Whodini I'm the nigga with the beanie (yeah) 'bout to hit the Player Club lookin' for a genie 36-24-36 a hoochie with a big butt & some tits she gotta be rowdy I mean be 'Bout It share the nana with my boys or ya outtie My El Do ride up with the 20 inch wheel wood grain in the slamp for the sex appeal got 'em bumpin' jumpin' sayin' somethin' How ya do dat there the hoes keep comin' There dey go there dey go there dey go no matter how much ya give 'em they gon' want some more So I'm a ho you know I'm a ho make 'em say Unnnngh then I let them go See I'm a ho you know I'm a ho make 'em say Unnnngh then I let them go See he's a ho you know he's a ho How do ya know 'cause I told ya so Yeah Westside hoes say Unnnnnngh (Westside) Down South hoes say Unnnnngh East Coast hoes say Unnnnngh Midwest hoes say Unnnnnngh You's a ho you know you's a ho How do we know because yo pussy is sore A diggi diggi diggi diggi diggi dick one A diggi diggi diggi diggi diggi dick two What huh what huh huh huh A diggi diggi diggi diggi diggi dick one A diggi diggi diggi diggi diggi dick two C: Ay yo P man with all the hoes I see you with man I know you's a ho. P: Shit nigga you the ho nigga all the bitches I done seen you with. C: Naw man homey you the biggest ho in town homey P: Nigga but when I say ho though Cube you know I that didn't mean nuthin' bad it just mean that you got a lot of hoes that's real, so probably when yo' son grow up he gon' be a ho. When my son grow up he gon' be a ho. But ho mean good though (fa sho) yeah nigga. Ha haa My fuckin' grandchildren probably gon' be hoes (Damn) C: That mean my great great great great grandchildren gon' have bitches (& they gon' have hoes) fa sho P: They probably gon' be hoes. The niggas gon' be hoes & oh I don't know how it go but uhh what the bitches gon' be then if the niggas gon' be hoes? C: Hoettes Bitches Hoes nigga (oh OK) Well what hoes you talkin' 'bout? P: Don't make me call yo baby mama C: Don't make me call yo baby mama P: Chill out chill out nigga chill out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Gilly the Kid, Noreaga Album: Pushin Weight Remix 12" Song: Pushin Weight Remix Typed by: rapforum@hotmail.com [Clark Kent] What if I get that nigga Ice Cube to do another joint? With my nigga Noreaga this time (Thugged Out) And my nigga from Philly Lil' Gil? Niggas don't know what the fuck's gon' happen next Y'all niggas might just have problems, these niggas bout to shit [Noreaga] Ay-yo, Iraq, shit, yo I own that land With-a, Lord Amiya like the rest of the clan My man Karate Kai, he like still in the can Bless this, go to U.I. like the rest of the fam These little niggas growin up, straight diggin they lives Ain't really fuckin with the two, now they fuckin with five But its, sad to see the hood mad at me Cause I went from Nore to your majesty The same niggas that I gruff'd wit and threw up with And the same motherfuckers that I grew up with Had free lunch with, played stickball with Now-a-days they like Papi on some frontin shit Fuck Noreaga, now I'm Melvin Flynt Yo The Hustler, I ain't a player, I'm just a hustler (Damn) Niggas that'll love ya, and straight touch ya Yo its drastic, hit you with the glock plastic What, run you over with the van-tastic N-O-R-E, spit rhymes professionaly Your boy, ?dunn gone dead? wanna run with me Every pass you throw will get intercepted International thug, you're just domestic I drink Shmirnoff, alcohol infected. Its like... Chorus: Ice Cube and Noreaga [Noreaga: 'what what' in background continuously] Cube: I push rhymes like weight   I push rhymes like weight a yeah-yeah! 	*repeat 3X* [Ice Cube] I heard you stopped, can't rap ho You niggas duck from the schrapnel I'm pushin weight like a fat sew Ghetto fab, I'm in the city again (be-atch) Got you motherfuckers lookin shitty again (be-atch) See that nigga Noreaga got them zig-zags And our mags got you fags wearin shit bags For life, nigga we could do life or do it right Tonight, nigga, we can earn stripes and blast mics Talk about the steppin off A motherfucker ain't never been the underboss Always I blaze in hallways, all days You bitches ain't nothin but frugas' Yeah-yeah, you better ask about me - Poppa Doc And ask every freak you know: who got the cock? So blaze one for the nation, I take vacation, offa conversation Give niggas irritation, cause I don't rap about the nation Get the catalogue, I battle dogs, and we'll see, only the strong will  survive Fuck The Source and the Vibe (Fuck em) We don't ride, we drive-by We Westside, nigga realize, we alive So you can get beef, Lewinsky Double-double say cheese, butt naked please Chorus [Gilly The Kid] Yo, Its a shame though, lil' niggas messin up the game, yo Heard me spit and all a sudden got the same flow (Gilly rule!) I die in the streets thats how the game go I'ma tell you one more time, now let your chain go I shoot to kill, you blast but you aim low A ground shooter, me surrounded by troopers Pretty women, gorgeous feet, with round hooters You was born to fail, gonna die around losers Bitch niggas get scared straight But rich niggas cop a ninety-nine Benz September of ninety-eight I ran up on you clowns with a nine on the waist Run in your face, blot in your space, findin your safe See you really are the fake we the cats that won't break You niggas start snitchin at your day upstate So on that note, when you come home, I'm pop you with the eight At both of your kneecaps, where your weave be at (Damn) You little sissy, on the streets, you was real pretty Went to jail, Got A Story To Tell, now you Biggie? See I'm the sure shots, you cats is the maybes I'm the real thing and you niggas is frugasis Crazy fake diamonds, fake shinin And if you got less than nine and a half, you fake grindin Name other trio thats fuckin with us rhymin Gil, Cube, and Nore A whole different story Chorus Artist:	B-Real, Ice Cube, KRS-One, Peter Gunz, Shaq Album:	Steel soundtrack Song:	Men Of Steel Ice Cube I'm sick wit' it but it'll still take ten of y'all to take the Emperor's temperature Can I represent wit' ya? Smokin' hemp wit' ya Pass the blunt from East to West Cube to KRS (yes) Take it from the Don where I'm from the Man of Steel is made of Teflon Keep yo' vest on hit me with yo' best one baby & watch me mack you comin' through with hard *** & Shaq-Fu Never up in Spago's when we knock hoes head her off with some Reeboks and cagos Westside rollin' even if the car's stolen even if my eyes shut & jaw swollen that's how it's goin' down You always smile when I frown 'cause you want the crown you fuckin' clown I keep it real no more beef with Cypress Hill now we super friends makin' super ends WESTSIIDE Shaq  It's a fact many know that Shaq made of mils but did you know that Shaq made of Steel Feel me! No matter what I do the billy it's gone flourish Big **** just like a bus full of Japanese tourists or it's styles that flow like Hudson River debris ship quarter keys of them Shaq CD's Roo roo Next MC that claim to keep it real Shaquille gone slap 'em with a mil criss cut clean numerical order bills ill, now put it on the wrist the best thing since grits & fake tits Man Of Steel who you with? I'm so fly when I walk I levitate my caliber's first rate exceptional above great Diesel's large, guilty on every charge of bein' dope imagine Superman with a dookey rope Chorus 1 2 3 4 Hit it It's the Men Of Steel bangin' with the drum Hit it 4 3 2 1  Shaq B Real KRS Peter Gunz (Ice Cube) 1 2 3 4 Hit it It's the Men Of Steel bangin' with the drum Hit it 4 3 2 1 Shaq B Real B Real Hip hop has plenty of Steel with Shaquille & Chris & Real nobody move stay still while the Masters build the Track react the foundation hip-hop *** generation hear my voice playin' at the station Immortal thought for the recorder consider the picture deliver the scripture still hit ya If the shoe fits ya wear it you'll inherit the culture let me break down the whole structure East Coast West Coast universal flava pullin' together with my neighbor no playa haters just real no outrageous fantasies jump out the pages from the book of MC's & nothin' can penetrate the Steel mind state like Shaq when he go back & dominate Peter Gunz Aiiyo I stop many hearts part many wigs *** & get it twisted & play me for any pig Conceived in the Bronx born & raised but on the real I be made of Steel like O' Neal feel me if ya got the skill squeeze pale **** cause disaster have you makin' Tracks like Master faster ghost like Casper Man Of Steel hangin' & bangin' in yo' district never get it twisted I'm lifted, gifted like Steel hard to penetrate generate dollar signs you follow mine Come in peace money I will bless that bring the noise leave you on the Fourth where I rest at For real Chorus 1 2 3 4 Hit it It's the Men Of Steel bangin' with the drum Hit it 4 3 2 1  Hip-Hop's the same no matter where you came from (Cube) WESTSIIDE (B Real) Men Of Steel (Cube) EASTSIIDE (KRS) Men Of Steel throw ya hands up (Cube) WESTSIIDE (B Real) Men Of Steel (Cube) EASTSIIDE (KRS) Men Of Steel throw ya hands up KRS-One WHOOP WHOOP That's the sound of EMS after some boy try test the KRS Pick a single any single what I bring you makes you tingle it's the lingo from the star like Ringo & I mingle in the clubs DJ's MC's get rug cut like shrubs over the dub sound buzz No one's really knowin' how I'm comin' & goin' showin' & flowin' cold throwin' these rappers chasin' the dough & out the frame my name remains the same I came to maintain Hip-Hop's the same no matter where you came from It's all the same son get it correct all that metal to pleather whatever Give me respect! Then I'll collect a check & you can expect something you'll never forget comin' from my intellect Oh what the heck lyrical flex cash checks I step through the brush like a Tyrannosaurus Rex KRS-One is the nicest Shaquille O'Neal definitely from Men Of Steel You know how we feel comin' through like that on the track KRS-One & we back (oooh oooooh) Chorus 1 2 3 4 Hit it It's the Men Of Steel bangin' with the drum Hit it 4 3 2 1  Shaq B Real KRS Peter Gunz (Ice Cube) Gunz (Cube) Throw ya hands up what up now (It don't stop) South Bronx represent that, Brooklyn represent that (It don''t stop) (It don't stop) (Huh, What about South Central? Ha ha haa ) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Geto Boys f/ Ice Cube Album: St. Ides TV Commercial Song: 5th Ward/South Central Malt Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Audience watching TV] ha ha ha ha That's my favorite Malt liquor Alright! Kick that shit ------> Eazy-E Who is it? ---------> DJ Pooh [Ice cube]  Yes, it's the S-T crooked I-D-E-S I make a mess unless Sucking' through it like a G-O Ice Cube with G to the E, to the T-O [Scarface]  Now here comes dude I play the game where there's no rules Homies on the cut say I'm a fool Cause I drink brew [Bushwick Bill]  Quick to bust a cap on the Ides blow  Bushwick gonna go with the flow 'til the Ides loads  [Willie D]  Here I come Willie D, that's me Rollin' with 5th Ward, South Park and South Central, Gee And St. Ides when I party By the twelve pack case of becardy [Scarface] A six pack of forty Ack' Gets the real bounce I drink brew, but y'all I drink it by the twelve ounce [Willie D]  They say Beer makes fail [Bushwick Bill] But St. Ides is straight, so it really don't matter [Willie D]  So keep eye on the price Next time go shoppin, grab the St. Ides And buy the real Malt liquor And tell them that The Geto Boys and Cube sent ya The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ K-Dee Album: St. Ides Commercial Song: Jackin For Malt Liquor Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * Another rehearsal of Jackin' For Beats [Intro: K-Dee] Come here, come here "I've been fuckin' help the crew" Get that boy!! [Ice Cube] Give me that brew, fool It's a full time jack move St. Ides Malt Liquor make the back move And I'll tell any Tom, Dick and Hank Who bought Eight Ball, you got ganked With the black mack the copper Cause the St Crooked I is so proper With the L-E-N-C-H-M-O-B toss a dope can and a forty And that's how we'll greet you Pass you a brew the first time we meet you You feel dumb cause you didn't know Ice Cube don't drink that other Bear no more Drink some and you won't change back You'll say - "I ain't never drunk a Bear like that" Off the end of the bottle you'll choke Short Dog is in the house - "Yo, pass the Coke" And if you wanna come up Pull to the store and get out and then run up Go to the counter with your five And buy a fourty of the St. Ides [Outro] Awww yeah Awww yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube Album: Street Fighter Soundtrack Song: Street Fighter Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Ice Cube] Let's get ready to rumblllllle! Ha ha ha ha ha ha hahhhhhh Ah ha ha ha ha ha hahhhhhh So you wanna fight me? {*scratched: "We are at war!" - Sister Souljah*} Heh, heh heh heh!! {*scratching continues*} HMM! Heh heh heh!! {*"We are, we are..."*} Step into MY arena {*"We are, we are..."*} Yeah nigga! {*"We are at war!"*} [Ice Cube] Y'all punk-ass ninjas can't wait to see the Ice break Bailin through the hood with my chocolate rice cakes 15 ninjas in a row Jumpin out the bushes with they tae kwon do, yo I jumps in my stance fo' protection Kickin off my coat like "The Chinese Connection" Wah-CHOP~! Watch 'em all drop, you can't stop a heater teach ya get the grasshopper I'm the illest nigga that you ever seen Master of the flying guillotine On with my journey, cops say I need an attorney fo' my celly, hit they ass with my Jim Kelly At the Japanese deli fo' my troop And we all take malt liquor, in our wonton soup Oops as I smell my fork It smells like sweet'n'sour pork They rush me from the left.. and they rush me from the right Here come the chef with the Ginsu knife He wanna take my life, I put that on my momma Insert my ass at Benihana's now Which style will I use this week? Ahhh The "Quicker Blood" technique Here they come, one by one they get done by the chosen one, nigga "Rising Sun" It's 11 to 1, yet no one left Servin these fools in my game of death It seems like we fight everytime we meet I bow when I greet, let's take it to the street [Chorus: Ice Cube] Let's get ready to rumblllllle! {*scratched: "Let's get it on" - Chuck D*} Let's get ready to rumblllllle! Street Fighter {*"Let's get it on"*} Let's get ready to rumblllllle! {*"Let's get it on"*} Let's get ready to rumblllllle! Street Fighter {*"Let's get it on"*} [Ice Cube] God damn there's a blind old man on my corner And he could try to get with me, if he wanna CAUSE THEY COME FROM MILES AROUND to try to stop me I just keep bailin with my 40 ounce of sake I got my eyes on ass real steady I'm ready; he pulls out the black machete With my luck, I think I'm stuck It's a quarter to twelve so I pulls out my numchuks Start to workin with style and finesse But the old man's blind so he's not impressed I swing; he hits me with the BOOM PANG PING~! Fallin to the ground I can hear my ears ring He smiles, my neighbor dials 911 Fool don't you know my guillotine weighs a ton You're no match - I throw and I snatch Decapitate his ass - nigga catch! Ahh Many black belts wanna try and snatch a pebble from the mas-ter, but I'm much fas-ter Just ask Bruce Lee Him, and Brandon died, befo' I can who-ride [Interlude] {*"We are at war!"*} {*"We are at war!"*} {*"We are, we are..."*} {*"We are at war!"*} Street Fighter {*"We are at war!"*} (Anyone, who opposes me) {*"We are at war!"*} (will be destroyed) {*"We-we, we-we, we-we, we are at war!"*} [Ice Cube] I'm breakin everybody down to they very last chromosomes So send your, punk-ass ninjas I mess around and make turtle soup! Do a flip, flop, tuck back on a drum loop Master of the flying guillotine is my chorus I want to kill Chuck Norris And my trigger's the invisible fist Eatin Fatburgers with my chopsticks Doin drivebys with my poison darts That's bamboo, I want to {*censored*} Van Damme too So don't mess around and let me hit you With this killafied Westside jiujitsu HA HA HAH!! SO WHO WANTS TO FIGHT ME~?! Before you come in my house nigga take off your Nikes and bow, and I'll show you how to withstand this cannabis, phantamous praying mantis It's like Chinese arithmetic Cause you never ever thought you'd see the Dragon saggin Life is cheap, I bow when I greet So let's take it to the streets, HAH! [Chorus] - 2X minus Cube saying "Street Fighter" {*"Let's get it on" - 4X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mack 10 f/ Ice Cube Album: The Substitute Soundtrack Song: Hoo-Bangin' Typed by: lowrider_topdawg@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Ice Cube] You are now rockin with the west We don't fuck with the stress Westside connect-Gangin, hoo-bangin And we got thousands, so fuck what you claimin [Verse 1: Mack 10] Who wanna scrap with a nigga that bang Straight mass murderin on 24 tracks I put it down like a hog, I got what you need I'm from the westcoast the bad seed with the bomb weed Hollow points is my venom I bust rapid as the beat, flamin hot when I send em And them niggaz out of bounds better duck when I come around Movin the crowd with a tech layin niggaz down You say shit my whole crew claimin true Some niggaz damu and niggaz wear blue Pennitentary bound, smokin weed by the pound as I clown Sendin work out of town on the greyhound [Chorus: Cube and Mack 10 - repeat 2X] [Ice Cube] Mack 10 is the lick, Westside is the click [Mack 10] Can't get enough of this gangsta shit [Verse 2: Mack 10] We got bulletproof vests and 96 ??? Leavin fly bitches in donna karen dresses With a neck full of hickeys, situation lookin tricky 20,000 in my pocket and I'm still sportin dickies Fuck that, connect life, let me make it plain and simple You say you roll deep you gonna get busted like a pimple Till my very last breath, I'ma Inglewood swang So tell me do you bang, fool, what set you claim? Cause niggaz like you can't win with Mack 10 So let the games begin, I'll leave you black again Cause on a homicide I ride to the fullest, not just a little Cause its four fingers up and two twisted in the middle [Chorus] - 2X [Verse 3: Mack 10] I'm on the hunt for the loot, watch your pockets cause I pat em Bailin through the hood in chucks and stacey adams Got the spot still poppin, got your legs still rockin Ever since foe life, my ex bitch been jockin I can't fade no hos, And this is one of those That I iron on my clothes, and shine my romeos Be the best friend to me, get a little hennessey Always down to scwab when I blast on my enemy A bitch thats the leader of the hoo bang committee With a 100% Mack 10 on her tittie lookin pretty as a bangin if you wanna hoo bang Throw your neighborhood up like it aint no thang [Chorus] -4X [Mack 10] Yeah, gun ho mack 1-0 Straight stompin and chicken hawkin Inglewood swangin, dope slangin and Hoo-Bangin' Comin from the... west-side {*repeats till end of song*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Westside Connection Album: Blood is Thicker soundtrack Song: Let it Rain Typed by: hdub@hotmail.com Chorus Let it rain make it bang Niggas in my 'hood sayin' Fuck everythang WC (Let it Rain) Let it rain make it bang Niggas in my 'hood sayin' Fuck everythang WC: Skip skip Connect Gang Connect Gang Cube It ain't my fault you wanna C-walk and gang bang when you hear the G-talk nigga swing that bitch 'til you break the ball joints niggas can't see me on this mic or this ballpoint Papa Don got it locked (got it locked) with the Glock got ya butt naked to ya socks yayae The Westside Connect Thugs... Ain't no California Love just California slugs Mack 10  Yo well by popular demand W.S. now I'm back heat loaded finna jack for another true platinum plaque It ain't new Westsiders been harder since Cube had the curl drippin' on the Raider starter (ha ha) cocked is a must if in heat you trust now bang the hot hopper 'til all four pumps bust (bust) Smoke dust then take ten paces with big bright bows in my flamed phat laces W.C. Thunder thunder hot as fire it's the return of the three kings Zulu we're the gang bang empire (singsong) W.C. the C & B walker conduct the blue chucker painter pants yep I'm still bangin' on you busters In the Shark Bar G'd up I got'em nervous with hoes packin' gats in they candy sprayed purses Fresh off a 2 piece smelling like a pick it's that bandana swinger from the number 1 click Chorus W.C. (singsong) Blowed off yak with the W.S. tat' with the whammy in the back real riders where you at? Cube Bitch, I could give a fuck if you liked me rollin' with the Mack, Maniac, & W-Shiesty My nigga just spent a house on some tinted out, some shit you gotta rent it out It's time to meet the gorillas the gangsta the killer & the dope dealers Mack: (We Go-Rillas!) Cube: and y'all niggas gon' feel us and fuck everybody that wanna kill us. Mack If it ain't a 64 it's a 6 double 0 foot to the flo' what you want from the sto'? Bang loose off that act right juice Ghetto rich niggas sippin' on a deuce-deuce Fall in & get quoted 'fore the heat get reloaded Servin' in the 'hood got us all gettin' shorted kick rocks or pick rocks from the D-dealer Westside ride against the grain in a three wheeler W.C. CONNECT GANG is back ching ching look at me kickin' 'em with a brand new track ching ching Call the G's all of the G's!! Niir please get yo' ass out the chair throw yo' hands in the air with the craziest one of my alias no mistaken this trick don't play with this I'm the Original Shadiest Stayed in this played in this takin' it back to the days of gangsters it's sick as they come Let me know where you from!!! Chorus w/ ad libs 'til end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube and Ice-T Album: Trespass soundtrack Song: Trespass Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice-T] How many bullets can your back hold, suckin from the HK The red dot's on your dome, from the light ray Boom bam bust oh shit kid, your head is a pile of puss I'm kickin up much dust, the nigga ya can't trust This is my shit, my hood, my turf My gold, my grip, whatever the fuck it's worth I don't need nobody comin in my territory tryin to rip a nigga off and fuck your fuckin sob stories [Ice Cube] Take a good look at my motherfuckin jacker About to feel the wrath, of a greedy ass cracker Pale as snow, so you know the hoe stand out Comin in my hood with his hand out Tryin to get over on the black, but the motherfuckin mack will put a fuckin slug in his back And with the boom ping ping, it ain't no thing to blast on greedy motherfuckers that trespass Chorus [Ice Cube] Olly olly outcome free, here come the G I'm saggin, and Enter the Dragon like Bruce Lee I gots to get mo' money mo' money Can't get pussy with no money See I'm kind of greedy, cause all my heroes got zeroes in back of a one Here's my gun, about to get paid at last But now I'm gettin covered, in dirt and grass, kick it [Ice-T] The madder I get, the higher the debt, the deeper you get The thicker the sweat Cause I'm a nigga with fat clout But ya in, but ya gotta get back out No easy job, for some suckers is out to rob Crosshair on your dome and your mind's blown You wanna go home... ain't that a bitch? Cube, dig the ditch (yep) Chorus [Ice-T] I got a full time job of takin suckers out Breakin em off, yea word, I love revokin clout Test me, stress me, who could the best be? The teflon nine go through vests G But when you're greedy you don't care about life itself You're chasin extreme wealth You can't be trusted cause trust ain't in the fuckin game Scandalous is your fuckin name [Ice Cube] I'm the motherfucker you're stuck wit Ice Cube -- "Wronnnnnnng nigga to FUCK WIT!" I'm rich, pitchin a bitch about gettin mo' The big fish, swimmin in big dough The G backstabber, I got ta have a Lexus Coupe, when I troop with the ski mask, gotta get the cash My homeboy ain't home, so fuck it I'll trespass The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ DMX Album: We Be Clubbin' Remix 12" Song: We Be Clubbin' (Clark World Remix) Typed by: HJWESS1@msg.pacbell.com Dj Clark Kent: What you think gon' happen if I get Ice Cube to do a joint with the wildest dog on the East Coast? Man they don't know. Heavyweight Def Jam Clark World Cube: Once again it's on the muthafuckin' psycho Ice Cube the Don Mega with my nigga DMX huh A diamond in the rough punk, he gon' stay in the rough East meets West it's goin' down Yeah we be clubbin' we be clubbin' we be clubbin' we be clubbin' we be clubbin' I'm in the city bitch we clubbin'  I'm treated like the Presidential motorcade takin' out the residential global persperation freaky gyrations close to fornication Numbers get passed when asked information intoxication faded inebriated Designated driver liver than MacGyver blockin' freaks in all of 'em tens stallions get them to pile in Sittin' on 'Lacs bitch we write raps Backdo' access you gettin' jealous standin' all in line with designer umbrellas Bad fellas runnin' with the Eastside Connection any kind of club with a star check they weapons Who wanna sex DMX get naked fuckin' to security show us the exit Chorus: Heavy hitters countin' figures We be Clubbin' Mixin' blunts and heavy liquors We be Clubbin' For all my live ass niggas We be clubbin' Fuckin' all them gold diggers We be clubbin' Kent: DMX Ruff Riders DMX: Grrr grrr All I do is import to export transport to West port a nigga still breathin' today 'cause the vest caught them slugs you sprayed at me now get at me if you want more Put a fuckin' hole up in yo' back so what's the front for? Come on baby we some noisemakers catchin' niggas with bricks at am I ?? comin' through Las Vegas made us wanted dead or alive on mad niggas hit lists but ain't a muthafucka come & get this Witness what's unheard of cold blooded murder this hot shit'll have you smellin' like a fuckin' ?? and the shell from the twelve is all it takes to make a nigga spin like twice & then fall you call for help but ain't none comin' The avmen slaughtered the robbery & gun runnin' and when I'm done gunnin' we all gon' meet up at the club fuckin' with Cube it's nothin' but love Nigga What!! Chorus Bridge:  New York get ya club on L.A. get ya club on Chicago get ya club on Atlanta get ya club on DMX: Fuck that shit If the dog's off the leash then the dog's gonna bite (rooof) If the dog's in the ring then the dog's gonna fight (rooof) If the dog's on the West Coast then I'm fuckin' with Cube Where them hoes at nigga keep 'em comin' in twos Cube: Like Noah I make it wetter the doubleheader hit that ass like I got a vendetta you know it's better with the Don Mega shake it off shake it off take it off take it off and make it soft biotch DMX: Uhh, It's all good it's all right fuck all day fuck all night Call all my niggas 'cause wherever I go y'all my niggas East to the West Coast all my niggas Cube : Now the East to the West piece of the best sick of this shit  Added DMX to add grit in this shit  Atlantic to Pacific spittin' this shit  Got love for my niggas that's gettin' a grip  We be clubbin' Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Master P f/ Westside Connection Album: West Coast Bad Boyz II Song: Bangin' Typed by: gptsigy@bc1.com West-syy-eed Huh, niggaz be like wonderin where tha Ice Cream Man been at I been down South countin my marbles nigga But I got two sides Damn it feels good to be back in the Yea Area, I mean the Westside With these motherfuckin West Coast Bad Boyz Westside Connection, Ice Cube, W.C., and Mack 10 Nigga y'all know the Westside is Bout It Bout It Its the I-N-G-L-E here to trouble you, W double-oh D See me, I take this gangbang shit to hold mouthes Beach coup, the hood patrol wit my flag in ya mommas style I throw my set up, I ret up, Nigga I break up No hollow points so I don't jam tha tec up, dog I put tha Cavi all day to parlay, when niggaz trip I spray Then is anybody here all day, shit I trizit to my clizit Who wanna fuck wit it, since tha World is a ghetto looks like I'm stuck wit it, Killa Cali is the state murder Everyday it's a homie, lay my rag in a casket and retaliate Nigga who is you, what side is you, red or blue I gets my drop on, I regulate the turf I stomp on Everytime I see some I grabs me gun Red rum red rum and Inglewood is where I be from Boom boom bang on I bust back, fuck that Loud strings in my chucks and a maroon velvet golf hat I let my holsters hang loose, no truce, no tamin Westside niggaz for life, it's gangbangin Chorus: Red rag blue rag, watchin niggaz sag 44 mag, throwin up flags If you Bout it what you claimin, fuck what you slangin Ain't no tamin Westside gangbangin What do I got get high for, what would I lie for And what would I die for Westside is the best side you got to know Keep a calico by the bedside, this what I'm all about Now which one of y'all motherfuckers shot up my momma's house? It ain't no rules when you ain't got nuttin to lose, and a gang of tattoos So throw ya muthaphukkin, set high in the air If you don't care, to ride a wheelchair Watch what hood you select  Many niggaz get checked for the tat on they neck  We got the cannabis bombay, G ride Hyundai, ya best ta pray we don't  Find out where ya stay, lookin at my momma thru a glass window Up in L.A. before it was called South Central Makin niggaz like new statistics while bumpin my Stylistics, and I'm locin, smokin dat yermon as a youngsta Now I'm big and strong as Herman Munster It's the set I threw up, tha only way ta go It's the way i grew up, the only way I know, fa sho' It ain't about Crip or Blood, and itll never die Because there's too much love Chorus High as a ki-zite tonite, rollin on my ci-zite With that Dub-S to that C-lite Im ready, but them niggaz on wait Tey get beat like hussein by tis gangbang track Young hustler, geyda pusher, leg crusher Nigga make way for this Neighborhood quickster Raised in a system, gang affiliated America, take a look at what you created Started in a section, grew like an erection, spreaded like cancer Now tha country's infected, gangbangin world wide, beat the death pole I guess the world really is a motherfuckin ghetto But Westside niggaz are the craziest, that's why I'm keepin My fingas on deez, loaded clips, cause we done served two of them men Ain't no tellin what them niggaz gone get If they done try to retaliate I can't sleep, cause death is lookin foe me I can't shake tha jacket, too many niggaz know me, Shazzam!! I guess I'm in too deep, fuck cullas, Im riddin over low term beef Chorus 2X Gang bangin, huh, Cube nigga wassup, W.C., Mack 10, Master P Gang bangin nigga, uhhhh, we rowdy, we Bout It Bout It Told y'all niggaz the Westside the best side We gots sumpin foe all you hatas nigga regulate Bringin the whole motherfuckin west side, red blue together Makin green nigga, makin green Chorus Nigga it's all right ta be a G, Westside Connection Live for red and blue, my nigga Masta P But ain't no more God for us nigga But we can live for that green The legal way baby, the legal way This song is dedicated, to everybody who fallen victim to gangbangin World wide Westside, real niggaz of tha world unite The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube  Album: XXX: State of the Union Soundtrack Song: Anybody Seen the Popo's?! Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com Gangsterizm ----> Keith David [Intro/Chorus: Ice Cube] Anybody seen the popo's?! Anybody seen the popo's?! Let them know, when I'm rolling in a Lo-Lo Cause you can't fuck with the smoke bowl Anybody seen the popo's?! Anybody seen the popo's?! Let them know, when I'm rolling in a Lo-Lo I'll serve it to them slowmo' [Verse One: Ice Cube] Coming from the Westside, motherfucking alright Do this shit all night, leave your ass hog-tied Nigga, this is raw hide, mixed with the dark side Never will I walk-by, punk, I'm a folk-guy Nigga, you're a small fry, looking at the hawk, I.. Make you buck, I don't give a fuck, I.. Make you have to duck my.. motherfucking buckshots Bloody-ass BB's pulled out your buttocks Aiigh.. these niggaz want to tuck my name They want to tuck my game, I got plenty of aim, BAW!! They said, don't fuck with me Cause if he pull them thangs, there goes your brains, now His girlfriend's Lois Lane and if you fuck with her You must smoke Cocaine, brother Why would you fuck with his? Blow up your kids and smoke your own mother [Hook: Ice Cube] Anybody seen the popo's? Anybody seen the popo's? Let me know Anybody seen the popo's? Anybody seen the popo's? Where they go? Anybody seen the popo's? Anybody seen the popo's? Let me know When I'm rolling in the Lo-Lo I'll serve it to them slowmo' [Verse Two: Ice Cube] I'ma keep it real, man, fuck how they feel, man If you're feeling ill, man, go take a pill I'ma keep this steel, man, straight at your grill, man You can tell Opra, nigga, or you can tell Bill But Mr. Cosby, this ain't a hobby Nigga, this the ghetto, just like so-wet-o Where niggaz want to hurt you, there's no rehearsal Burr.. there's no commercial, when you're turning purple These niggaz want to tuck my name They want to tuck my game, I got plenty of aim, BAW!! They said, don't fuck with me Cause if he pull them thangs, there goes your brains, now His girlfriend's Lois Lane and if you fuck with her You must smoke Cocaine, brother Why would you fuck with his? Blow up your kids and smoke your own mother [Hook: Ice Cube] [Verse Three: Ice Cube] Here they come.. (*Sample of L.A.P.D sirens*) That's the sound of the police.. police That's the sound of the police.. police Ain't nothing more important to me than payback I'm holding court in the streets, since wayback Ain't nothing more important to me than payback I'm holding court in the streets Anybody seen the popo's? Anybody seen the popo's? Let me know Anybody seen the popo's? Anybody seen the popo's? Where they go? Anybody seen the popo's? Anybody seen the popo's? Let me know When I'm rolling in the Lo-Lo I'll serve it to them slowmo' These niggaz want to tuck my name They want to tuck my game, I got plenty of aim, BAW!! They said, don't fuck with me Cause if he pull them thangs, there goes your brains, now His girlfriend's Lois Lane and if you fuck with her You must smoke Cocaine, brother Why would you fuck with his? Blow up your kids and smoke your own mother [Outro: Ice Cube X4] I got to keep it gangster, gangster Keep it gangster, gangster Keep it gangster, gangster Yeah!! (*Sample of L.A.P.D sirens*) Westside!!  YEAH!! YEAH!! YEAH!!(*Explosion*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 2Pac f/ Ice Cube, Ice-T Album: Strictly For My N.I.G.G.A.Z. Song: Last Wordz Typed by: OHHLA.com Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house the nigga you love to hate Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house the nigga you love to hate Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house the nigga you love to hate Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house the nigga you love to hate [ICE CUBE] Yo, here comes the nigga with the ruff, terror the paranoid, gots to get the boy Get your steel cuz I feel like a headbanger Yah, I got a gang of shits, styles guns my uzzie wieghts a mutha-fuckin' ton bucking down one, bucking down two, bucking down your crew, mutha fuck you Pigs were blue, I where black, nothing but black Cause god damn its a brand new payback Fuck Pat Sajak, never did nothing for a nigga on tha trigga the zigga the zag the nickel the bag the nigga the sag the forty five mag. got you runnin' like a fag So, keep your mutha-fuckin' jokes Cuz, I'm that nigga with a fresh pair of locs No yokes but smokes Crakers and them dirty mackers friends aren't jackers get yah for your drawers, young niggas out to kill for cars Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house [Ice T] O to the mutha fuckin G I break crazy a lot of niggas hate me but they can't fade me Stop me clock me cops wanna glock me mutha fuck mutha fuck pigs can't stop me UHH, am I a G, I got proof Banged in my youth, keep niggas on the roof with a scope, dough, Cube keep the rope Tupac string a nigga up [?Hit the mob dope?] So whats up Punk You want what I got step to me wrong fuck around and get shot Your moms crying fuck her bust her Bitch start screaming to me and I'll dust her Pops got the LP phat, track on hit Laid by the mutha fuckin' Bobcat Ninety three suckas want me to go out Throw the hoe out, bitch mutha fucker I'm rich Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house Got any last wordz [Tupac] Now they're after me, why? cuz a niggas black Sit back Ain't afraid to pull a triggar back Let 'em come step to a real mutha-fucker [Boom, Boom] Mama ain't raised no suckers Dan Quayle, don't you know you need to get your ass kicked Where was you when there was niggas in the caskets? Mutha-fucker rednecks all the same Feel a real nigga if he ain't balled and chained That's why we burn shit and wreck Cause the punk police ain't learned shit yet You mutha-fuckas gonna pay the price Can't make a Black life, don't take a Black life It's on, the next real nigga fall dead Dred, jheri curl, process, or bald head Be prepared for the smoke to bust What niggas need to do is start loc'in up United we stand divided we fall They can shoot one nigga But they can't take us alll  Let's get along with the Mexicans And we can all have peace on the sets again Imagine that if it took place [ha ha ha] Keeping the smile off their white fakes I ain't racist but lets trade places Trace the hate 'n face it  One nigga teach two niggas three teach four niggas And them niggas teach more niggas And when we blast  That'll be the biggest blast you've heard And them is my last wordz The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: AllFrumThaI f/ Ice Cube, Mack 10 Album: AllFrumThaI Song: Dopest On the Planet Typed by: Thugsta@gmx.de * * send corrections to the typist Chorus:  We the dopest niggas on the planet, though Mobbin thru ya hood, fadin all of you We [these crips on my team ?] ,niggas can't believe 360 degrees, we makin cheese Woa, whoo, you can't fuck wit the West Woa, whoo, we got the bomb, you got the stress Now grab your automatics and watch these niggas panic Cuz Mack, Squeak and Cube be the dopest on the planet (Verse 1 -Mack 10) It's a must we keep it gangsta, floosin on Dz Incredible Dub S-C-Gz So pack up ya lunch and kiss momma bye When you see Mack and Cube and AllFrumThaI We be robbin, still stackin chips to the [???] Night-stalkin like Ramirez and serial killin Cuz Mack is the shooter, Cube is connivin Squeak be duct tapin while Bink do the drivin (Verse 2 -Ice Cube) Everybody check ya fuckin cd-rom Triple Double U Dot Com, it's the Don Make it happen, super nigga, that's right Wit a group of niggas, Westside We tied universal, not commercial No rehearsal gotta [search you ?] Before we hurt you I don't give a fuck where you grew, nigga None of y'all niggas true to the Double U, nigga (Verse 3 -Squeak Ru) Don't make me kill again Tell a friend you couldn't fuck wit Squeak, Cube and Mack 10 Double barrel to the chin, grin when you comprehend Buck, buck, when I'm blastin That's how I move em out the way when I spray Connect Gang, nigga, everyday No this ain't no muthafuckin puzzle I'm a gangsta to the fullest, so you know I love trouble Chorus (Verse 4 -Mack10) I keep (???) in a chamber, say I won't shoot You had a chance to hand it over before my niggas loot you Give it on by the [test ?], I got the hood head up If you know what's best, just give yo shit up You got me scared, nervous, my adrenaline pumpin So make a def wish cuz I'm down 'sho dumpin Mashin is the name and know that I'm shady Leavin dome pieces drippin and full of 3-80s (Verse 5 -Ice Cube) God dammit, niggas take my planet for granted You got to hand it, Westside livin's enchanted So when you see Ice Cube wit AllFrumThaI Say your prayers cuz you all [finna ?] die It's the ghetto Ayatolla, let me hold a Motorola I get a [???] niggas killin like he [???],I'm solar Lookin for you Westside bark holes Or I'm sendin niggas dumpin by the [???] (Verse 6 -Squeak Ru) Have you seen these niggas in action Have you seen the way we be taxin Ain't nuttin but the Crips and Bloods, slangin slugs Fuck a set trippin shit with love Westside niggas be the roughest WC is down to do out the [cutless ?] I got the [???] and the weed to blow Let's mash down the 'Shaw and let the world know: Chorus Haha! We-e-estsi-i-ide! Fo' life! WestsideRiders! AllFrumThaI Pushin weight 9-8 Bitch ass niggas, go back, go back, go back! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Anotha Level f/ Ice Cube Album: On Anotha Level Song: Level-N-Service Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Ice Cube Title's n themes, and shit YaknowhatI'msayin? Just let this motherfucker come on (yeah let's do this) And be fresh, like I am (serious nigga?) Verse One: Ice Cube I wish I was in high school So I could fuck young bitches like Anotha Level do Let me hip you to my Lethal Injection The black erec-tion, in your midsection I have you walking through Like Bowlegged Lou, heidi heidi hoe, bitch ... it's on like a porno I got Different Strokes like Willis and Arnold Now, Mr. Drummond see me coming but Watch your wife, for my dick'll be running a patch like Slick Rick, thought I saw a putty-tat Pussy fatter than the insane bitch that's singing at the end of the game Fumble more titties than Thurmond, Thomas, I'm as great man as eight man, and Emmitt Smith I got the gift to hit it swift So bitch you need a lift and I'm out Verse Two: Well how can one young black mack unpack papes in mad stacks with no gat? I'm cool like that ...and then some I got styles in my files so I lend some, to the needy You get up, kid, but you get hit up like graffiti Yo this the A-L rhymes that we say well So ease up, don't freeze up or get nervous Cuz if you do loc got Levels-N-Service So cock back and top that I wear a top hat, I'm at the top cuz I'm all that And extra adverbs, they're the kind you couldn't fuck with I got my style and I'm stuck with it got levels-n-service (2X) Verse Three: Bambino I down a brew, then I check one two it And tellin bitches bend over, cuz you know how we do it In the W-E-S-T the best nothin less see Smooth adolescent, anti-depressant Bambino Suckaz, don't make me angry Knockin fuckers out, when my Tanqueray's tangy But I'm a playa, pullin Berry's like Holly I freak hoes, and freak flows, with no follies Like the proper brown eps, we're body See most niggaz get paid and wanna cracker like Polly But Levels-N-Service, you know what's up And niggaz probably think I'm crazy cuz I'm bustin like a nut got levels-n-service Verse Four: The pressure is on, I combine and come bust rhymes In thousands of shows and still have Miller time I speed it up, I slow it dowwwwn I max, I smoke a pound So sit back, and listen to me lyrically come all over the track, I fake the wack Fly honies I attract Niggaz know not to act up, dips be on my tip so much I tell em back up But don't say nothin, just listen I'm not on a mission, a wack MC dissing I'm just here to present the rep of my group We gots flavor, styles by the miles hoes and flows too I'm tough actin like Tinactin for the feet My niggaz love the way I'm reactin to the beat It sounds sweet, I skate you to the street And I make service, so niggaz get nervous got levels-n-service (3X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bad Azz f/ Ice Cube Album: Personal Business Song: Streetz Illustrated Typed by: chanedogg@hotmail.com [Bad Azz] Yeah, come on Bad Azz is here Come on All year Mister 2000 All year Millenium music Mister 21st Century Its like race car lights Its just like shakin the dice Just pray for your life ain't always makin it right I'm safe in the light The subjects to the dangers of all They aimin at cha'll And we the ones mostly involved Its most of y'all Trust me, they don't know me to ball See the truth is I don't feel they owe me at all The focus is small A nigga either broke or he ball And me, I smoke til I choke and I cough, drink til I barf Sometimes I ain't thinkin at all But I don't pray to take my eyes of y'all These streets don't brawl (stick 'em up!) Don't nobody hesitate to drop a body  Karate can't do nothing to me I got a shawty if anybody need to penetrate 'em Now you can die while in the streetz of illustrated This world was given to me I went here to make it Now you gon relate to this, or you either hatin [Hook: Ice Cube] (Bad Azz) We be in 'em streetz, every single day We be in 'em streetz, every single day  We be in 'em streetz, every single day (See we just write about it, but you can die about it) We be in 'em streetz, every single day (Now you can be a C about it nigga G about it) [Ice Cube] Lyrical Rembrant Spend that Nigga we put that Henn that Since 14 been makin green where you wanna go and spend that? I grin that, HOES Now I'm all up in that Bout 15 min-at Car done Luitenant Me and Bad Azz is makin that dash Smokin that hash Spendin the cash If they ask Willin to mash When we pass we gon blast Who gon last this aftermath? Who gon rock shit after that? Comin from a gang bang habitat Nigga can't even have that Motherfucker didn't even have a gat Who the fuck do you think we laughin at? Youse a bitch, youse a snitch, youse the nigga that I have to jack I'm the man, gat in hand, didn't think that I'd have to pack But I do, fuckin you, hows your life, can't have it back [Bad Azz] (Ice Cube) These streetz illustrated (And I know they hate it) These streetz illustrated (And you know I'm hated) These streetz illustrated (Lyrics nigga play it) These streetz illustrated (Rhymes X rated) [Bad Azz] We just write about it But you can die about it Now you can be a C about it nigga G about it See we just write about it But you can die about it Now you can be a C about it nigga G about it [Hook: Ice Cube] (Bad Azz) We be in 'em streetz, every single day We be in 'em streetz, every single day  We be in 'em streetz, every single day  We be in 'em streetz, every single day  We be in 'em streetz, every single day (See we just write about it, but you can die about it) We be in 'em streetz, every single day (Now you can be a C about it nigga G about it) We be in 'em streetz, every single day (See we just write about it, but you can die about it) We be in 'em streetz, every single day (Now you can be a C about it nigga we about it) Streetz illustrated, nigga [Bad Azz] Its that West Coast slug, that crip shit  That thuggin heavy with yo head to get yo grip quick We here to claim our own gold daytonas To slide through in the lak with the ray chrome on 'em Jump to it, and I ain't never gotta, bounce back I count stacks Just cop with me and ounce sack Announce back You big mouth hater, you, we hit back We got slugs in exchange for you You underminded, we a keep ya here and change the truth If you can find us we got drugs in exchange for lute The cops got pictures of our mugs and our gangsta suits Traffic ain't shit ta niggas like us with a 20 proof We make it really hot And those that really cops Somebody that really shot See how much you really got The streetz'll eat you up If they don't catch you first and beat you up Nigga the little kids'll eat you up! [Hook: Ice Cube](Bad Azz) We be in 'em streetz, every single day We be in 'em streetz, every single day  We be in 'em streetz, every single day  We be in 'em streetz, every single day  We be in 'em streetz, every single day (See we just write about it, but you can die about it) We be in 'em streetz, every single day (Now you can be a C about it nigga G about it) We be in 'em streetz, every single day (See we just write about it, but you can die about it) We be in 'em streetz, in a shadow light (Now you can be a C about it nigga we about it) [Bad Azz] We just write about it But you can die about it Now you can be a C about it nigga G about it See we just write about it But you can die about it Now you can be a C about it nigga we about it I'm low life'n with this nigga wit an attitude Just low life'n with this nigga wit an attitude Just low life'n with this nigga wit an attitude Just low life'n and I might point my gat at you [Hook: Ice Cube](Bad Azz) We be in 'em streetz, every single day We be in 'em streetz, every single day  We be in 'em streetz, every single day  We be in 'em streetz, every single day  We be in 'em streetz, every single day! (See we just write about it, but you can die about it) We be in 'em streetz, every single day! (Now you can be a C about it nigga G about it) We be in 'em streetz, every single day! (See we just write about it, but you can die about it) We be in 'em streetz, in a shadow light! (Now you can be a C about it nigga we about it) Motherfucker Take a picture, trick! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ant Banks f/ Ice Cube, Too $hort Album: Big Thangs  Song: Big Thangs  Typed by: OHHLA.com We havin big thangs  Ice Cube, the only nigga that can bring Too $hort out of retirement  Representin money  Hmm, beeitch  Verse One: Ice Cube, Too $hort  Wise crackin felines, unh  Can a nigga make a bee-line?  to that nappy area, don't wanna marry ya  Just wanna bury ya head in a pillow  Sorry but I got a kilo pussy-willow  Janked ass penicillin, ain't got ta ask how ya feelin  I'm tha nigga that got ya squealin  Ya wanna know how we keep these hoes in check?  Keep them broke and keep their panties soakin wet  I like to smoke big, ride fat, and always stack cash  Believe me, keep her breezy with her fat ass (fat ass)  Big thangs on my mind ain't trippin at all  They call me $hort, but I got a big dick in my drawers  I feel like a giant sometimes, bitch don't stare  You'll go blind from my diamonds  Tryin ta size me up, but basketball I ain't playin  Call a tech, blow the whistle, throw the bitch out the game  Chorus:  We havin big thangs (like it's the thang to do)  Big thangs baby ($hort Dawg and Cube)  We havin big thangs (like it's the thang to do)  Big thangs baby (you know it's true, really doe)  Verse Two: Ice Cube, Too $hort  Now how can I let this bitch run it?  When her ass ain't never felt the seats of a 600 (now)  Tricks we take shits at the rents, we dont get excited  over long hair and big tits  $hort Dawg they get hella weak, when I tell the freak  we the richest niggas that you gonna ever meet  We got bosses in the back, countin the stack  We got cunts in the front with Hennesey and blunts  Now what you want?  She wanna get fucked all night long, bitch what's up?  You know I got a tight song  Heard me on the radio, I can't go wrong  but you aint got no features, this can't go on  You're like a bundle of joy, but you're unemployed  You ain't throwin, so the pussy is just null and void  Do you really understand what I'm tellin you  Looks can be decieving, and bitch I ain't even feelin you  Chorus: add additional line  Best believe me, it ain't easy, to be off the heazee  (repeat 2X)  Verse Three: Ice Cube, Too $hort  You can try and figure out the new shit we on  Before you break yourself, make yourself at home  Give thanks, when it's Ice Cube, $hort Dawg, and Ant Banks  We all platinum, now ya got ta add francs  to the salary, that'll be cash or charge  So large, got a whole floor actin mirage  We like big thangs, we like runnin big trains  of big beautiful bitches with big brains  Bitches with big brains, I went to Spelman College  To see if my dick could get some higher knowledge  But pussy is pussy from Bel-Air to the projects  Bitch better suck my dick  Ain't nothin new, the game is old  You think the bitch is decent, and that's the same old hoe  Used to fuck the whole crew, we was ballin man  Westside!!! You know we doin big thangs  Chorus: same as Verse Two  Outro: Ice Cube, $hort Dawg  We off that heazy bitch  Beeeyyyitch  Hey $hort, give em yo part  Bitch bitch bitch bitch make me rich  Do all that shit  She can even lick my dick, but I ain't lickin no clits  West-sieede. Westside!!!!!!!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mariah Carey f/ Westside Connection Album: Charmbracelet Song: Irresistible (West Side Connection) Typed by: lyrics_galore@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Ice Cube] Slippin' slidin' glidin' Low ridin' (yeah) Ain't no hidin' from this hit (On the real) Fool you know how we do it (Irresistible) Just keep it poppin' ain't no stoppin' Fo' hoppin' ass droppin' Keep it poppin' ain't no stoppin' (What, Mariah) Fo' hoppin' ass droppin' (Westside) Everytime I try to leave (She's comin' to the Westiside, Westside) Something pulls me back baby (Mariah's on the Westside, Westside) Tried and tried to let you go (Yeah hittin' on the Westside, Westside) But it's just impossible (Irresistible) Everytime we say goodbye (Westside, Westside) Bitter tear drops fill my eyes (She's comin' to the Westiside, Westside) Wish I didn't need you so (Mariah's on the Westside, Westside) But you're irresistible (Yeah hittin' on the Westside, Westside) (Irresistible) [Mariah Carey] I don't wanna lose you to somebody else But I can't go on contradicting myself I know that it's pointless to keep hodling on But something inside tells me you're where I belong Everytime I try to leave Something pulls me back baby Tried and tried to let you go (Yeah) But it's just impossible (Irresistible) Everytime we say goodbye (Westside, Westside) Bitter tear drops fill my eyes Wish I didn't need you so But you're irresistible [Mariah Carey] I know that it's unrealistic to think That things will get better between you and me Cause time after time you just shatter my heart But when I'm without you I feel so torn apart Everytime I try to leave Something pulls me back baby Tried and tried to let you go But it's just impossible Everytime we say goodbye (Westside, Westside) Bitter tear drops fill my eyes Wish I didn't need you so But you're irresistible (You know how we do it) [Mariah Carey] B-oy I wi-sh That I di-dn't Love you so - oh ooh oh ooh oh oh I try to tell you no But you're ir-resistible - oh ooh oh ooh oh [Ice Cube] Westside, Westside She's comin' to the Westside, Westside (Oh yeah) Mariah's on the Westside, Westside (Yeah) Hittin' on the Westside, Westside [Mack 10] Ain't nothin' goin' on but a party and a hit song Jumpin' all night long It's like times gettin' deeper and the game's gettin flier Cause the Westside done connected with Mariah I hit the Grammy party and the 64 is what I drove through Cause divas like thugs too Mack 10, I'm so so gangsta with meals And I ain't lyin' that's on everything I'm keepin' it real [WC] Can you feel it nothin' can save ya From this young rider with big wheels and paper The Millenium Clyde and Bonnie, doin' 90 With Giovannis on the big body Ya friends say "Girl he ain't lovin' ya right" You stay down with this thug in ya life What we got is deeper than physical Dub C and Mariah, gangsta lovin' is irresistible [Mariah Carey] See I only want it to be like it was When we got together and first fell in love Sometimes it's just like I'm addicted to you This love's so consuming I don't know what to do Everytime I try to leave (She's comin' to the Westiside, Westside) Something pulls me back baby (Mariah's on the Westside, Westside) Tried and tried to let you go (Hittin' on the Westside, Westside) But it's just impossible (Irresistible) Everytime we say goodbye (Westside, Westisde) Bitter tear drops fill my eyes (She's comin' to the Westiside, Westside) Wish I didn't need you so (Mariah's on the Westside, Westside) But you're irresistible (Irresistible) Everytime I try to leave Something pulls me back baby Tried and tried to let you go But it's just impossible Everytime we say goodbye Bitter tear drops fill my eyes Wish I didn't need you so But you're irresistible (You know how we do it) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: C.I.A. (Dr. Dre, Ice Cube, Kid Dee, Sir Jinx) Album: Prime Kuts Vol. 2 Song: Ill-Legal Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (The names have been changed to protect the innocent) [Dr. Dre] Ah yeah Right about now C.I.A. is in effect My name is Dr. Dre their producer And we gon' cold get retarted A little somethin like this [Kid Dee]  All the guys act eerie (why?) I don't know Cause I am Darryl (but I'm not Joe) [Ice Cube] Posse 1 to the mic, Ice Cube (that's you) [Kid Dee] (Kid Dee) that's me, I'm Posse 2 [Ice Cube] Sir Jinx is without a doubt Posse 3 3rd to the cut, boy, evidently [Kid Dee] Funky fresh, freshly-funky Kid Dee is coldly-coolin And my boys, we bust out on the west cause I am rulin it Schoolin it, boy, and you don't want none Much like a 808 because my bass hums [Ice Cube] I am ill gettin iller, Ice Cube is illustratin it A brand new cut, keep the b-boys hatin it Don't get paid, but that's alright I got the riches of a king when I hold the mic [Kid Dee] Ill-legal gettin busy, a strong black villain Ice Cube (Sir Jinx) Kid Dee (what - chillin) Yeah (West Coast style) (The names have been changed to protect the innocent) (Word) [Ice Cube] Now Ice Cube's gettin busy, my girls are dizzy Always on the scene with the schoolyard skizzy Posse 2 playin, def rhyme-sayin And at the Snooty Fox is where I'm stayin [Kid Dee] ????????, pizza man-jacking Always in a daze and my mouth keeps yapping Crenshaw dweller, mix tape seller Cute with the loot plus I'm a fresh fella [Ice Cube] G-g-g-girlie abuser, 8Ball user I hold the title of the Crenshaw cruiser Bark like a beagle, word's ill-legal Fuck Boy [edited] and drive-by Seagal [Kid Dee] Kool-Aid I guzzle which makes me puzzled Moms on my tip, bought her a new muzzle Ugly girls shakin, miniskirt-takin Ice Cube (oh yeah) Kid Dee's money-makin (Hold it) (Go) (go) (go) (go) (go) (L.A. is the place) (Ah yeah) (4 and) (3 and) (2 and) (1) (what up)	--> Beastie Boys [Ice Cube] Had the girlies here early morning, all of them fine Pushing and shoving, wasn't even in line Out here to see me do my thing Car stopped, door opened, out steps the king Buggin and sluggin, to wreck the car You know why, Kid Dee, cause I'm a rap star Girl kissed my hand and fell to her knees Said, "Hold it everybody, no autographs please" [Kid Dee] Well me I'm Kid Dee, I stepped out next I don't smoke but I'm down for music and sex I'm the big star and it ain't no thing Let facts be facts, I'm down with the king Tryin not lyin, I keep my profile low And wouldn't you know they still ripped my clothes Knocked me off my feet, right on my seat Girls caused a riot, bodyguards got beat (Is that right?) [Sir Jinx] Now Jinx was last to hit the party Girls was touchin all on my body Suckin and grabbin, ripped and torn The crew was bonin out to the backstage door Females went nuts, pinchin my butt Funky fresh Filas kicked the door shut Huffin and puffin cause we ran far [all] So we rushed the dressing room with the biggest star Ill-legal, y'all (West Coast style)	--> C.I.A. (Raised in L.A.)		--> Ice-T (From L.A.) (The names have been changed to protect the innocent) (Word) [Kid Dee] He is so conceited but he don't show it [Ice Cube] Who me Ice Cube? (Word up) You know it Broke my leg and I had to hobble Still did the wop, still quick to squabble [Kid Dee] Well, I'm jammin not slammin, don't give a goddamn and When I go out to eat it's caviar not salmon (Why not?) Cause it's in stereo [both] And when we perform, here's how it goes [Ice Cube] Now Jinx's out first, cause that's our style But when my Filas hit the stage, the crowd went wild Jinx cuts the beat cause he's the band I grab the microphone and I throw the mic stand [Kid Dee] I threw my hands high cause I need to be seen I go second to the mic cause that's the routine I introduced him and he'd do it for me Yo, that's Ice Cube (and that's Kid Dee) Yo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: C.I.A. (Dr. Dre, Ice Cube, K-Dee, Sir Jinx) Album: My Posse 12" / Prime Kuts Vol. 1 Song: Jus 4 the Cash $ Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Inrto: Dr. Dre Scratching and Cutting quote below] I know you gonna dig this.... [Verse One: Ice Cube] Fly girls and fools each and every night Crowd rocking rhymes, boy, that's alright Treated like a star as you can see But just rhyming for the cash money Keep the crowd rocking for about B.G. New best believe that's C-O-D Suckers like you don't make no dense Cause it's all about making those Dollars and sense Girls on my jack, when I'm up the stage Reports trying to cluck, put me on the front page C.I.A. in back of me, and cash money is all specialty Boys In The Hood keep trying to dig All girl friends think their heads is big Promoters at the show trying to run that bull' But odds got pull, get paid in full Gold easy record cause you know it's mine Clean my skiee-so with the FU sign Rapping all the time on the US Mitt Plus, ring and bring Dead Presidents TV elect, just want respect Show me a cheque, I will break your neck Hardcore, L.A. not like the past I rap just for the cash.. MONEY!! [Break: Dr. Dre + all Chanting "cash Money"] I like money, man Cash money, man Keep it all with me And I like that money with me Cash money, man.. I know you gonna dig this.... [Verse Two: K-Dee] Homeboy rocked the Mic like no one else K-Dee introduce yourself, get bounce Dre rocks the beats, Jinx gets ill for my Posse Ice Cube writes the rhymes to kill the show Me breaking freaks, making dough I was the King of teasers there on attack You turned the wax, up to the macks Girls in the place, to get me laid Rhyme Zones the ace, make sure I'm paid C.I.A. not with the dumps Get more attention from the Me Me Amp West L.A. is where I'm from, not a bum I didn't cum Get some green by the leopard blues Don't wear snickers, they'll get you around the way Think I must ill, cause I love to chill with that dollar bill Where I go I make that dough Cold stop at reporter, get toss pesos Ill, L.A. not like the past I rap just for the cash.. MONEY!! [Break: Dr. Dre + all Chanting "cash Money"] I like money, man Cash money, man Keep it all easy in my fist And I like that money with me Cash money, man.. I know you gonna dig this.... [Interlude] [Ice Cube] Posse 3 [Sir Jinx] Cold rocking the microphone [Ice Cube] Posse 3 [Sir Jinx] Awwww yeah, I hold my own [Ice Cube] Posse 3 [Sir Jinx] Check it out, cause here I go [Ice Cube] Posse 3 [Sir Jinx] Cold making that dough [Ice Cube] YOU KNOW!! [Verse Three: Sir Jinx] Hip-Hop rhymes for the cash money Sometimes a DJ, sometimes an Emcee Turned to the cut, but that's alright Getting paid everyday, getting laid at night More money made, the more money spent Making more money than the US Mitt Kick up the bass if you hip to get paying Aim to get rich, if you know what I'm saying Calling me a punk, you ain't making a cent Reaching in your pocket, boy, you're snatching up lent  A.O.A got the beat going, cuts and rhymes keep the cash flowing Dre is the producer, give the knowledge to him Bass pumping so HARD leave the place in dim  If Barley was rapping, you knew, he'll get ripped Cause I'm holding down L.A. like a vice grip It's money, honey, that's no mistake Keep Filas on my feet, big mack on plaque Gold on my fist, my pocket's getting fat "Why?" - it's like that, it's in my contract Hip to play if you're hipped to pay  Jinx's spelling with.. a capital J Death in L.A. not like the past I rap just for the cash.. MONEY!! [Break: Dr. Dre + all Chanting "cash Money"] I like money, man Cash money, man Keep it all easy in my fist And I like that money with me Cash money, man.. I know you gonna dig this.... (*Crowd Went Nuts*) [Outro] [Ice Cube] That was def, yeah, yeah, that was def [Sir Jinx] Yo, can we can paid in this mothafucker.. [Dr. Dre] Rewind it, rewind it, let me hear it [Sir Jinx] Awww, is it still going?! [Dr. Dre] That's cool, that's cool The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: C.I.A. (Ice Cube, Kid Dee, Sir Jinx) Album: My Posse 12" / Prime Kuts Vol. 1 Song: My Posse Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ all ]	My posse [ Cube ]	Seize di mic on di 1 (right) [ all ]	My posse [ Cube ]	Seize di mic on di 3 (right) [ all ]	My posse [ Cube ]	Seize di mic before 2 (right) [ all ]	My posse [ Cube ]	Seize di mic on di 1 (right) [ all ]	My posse [ Cube ]	Seize di mic on di 1 (right) [ all ]	My posse [ Cube ]	Seize di mic before 3 (right)	 [ all ]	My posse [ Cube ]	Seize di mic before 2 (right) [ all ]	My posse [ Cube ]	Seize di mic on di 1 (right) [ all ]	My posse [ all ]	My posse (Posse's gettin big) (Posse's gettin big) [ all ]	My posse [ all ]	My posse (Posse's gettin big and my posse's gettin bigger)	--> Mike Diamond [ Ice Cube ] Ice Cube in effect and I'm the posse leader Love my woofer and hate my tweeter Rap, don't sing, and groupies do flock Gold rings and things keep the girlies on my jock [ Kid Dee ] Posse 2 Kid Dee is cunning It's all about girls and making cash money (Crenshaw) Crenshaw is where I chill Never ever sick but always ill (ill) [ Sir Jinx ] Sir Jinx, no debatin Beats I cut keep the woofers vibratin 3rd to the cut, but that's alright Cause C.I.A. is on the mic [ all ]	My posse [ all ]	My posse (Posse's gettin big) (Posse's gettin big) [ all ]	My posse [ all ]	My posse (Posse's gettin big and my posse's gettin bigger) [ Ice Cube ] Females on my tip and it ain't funny (Why?) I don't know, probably cause I got money Don't want me, just want my riches Things like that keep stitches on my britches [ Kid Dee ] I wear all 501's Many wear Adidas, but I have none Filas, I'm coolin, girls are droolin Rulin all classes cause I am schoolin [ Sir Jinx ] Yes boy, and I am with it Reachin for the crown and I damn sho' get it Be the king, rap, don't sing And when I come around here's who I bring [ all ]	My posse [ all ]	My posse (Posse's gettin big and my posse's gettin bigger) [ all ]	My posse [ all ]	My posse (Posse's gettin big) (Jealous posses on my tip)	--> King Adrock [ all ]	My posse [ Cube ]	Seize di mic on di 1 (right) [ all ]	My posse [ Cube ]	Seize di mic before 3 (right) [ all ]	My posse [ Cube ]	Seize di mic before 2 (right) [ all ]	My posse [ Cube ]	Seize di mic on di 1 (right) [ Ice Cube ] (My) posse on the move with fly girls Fresh Fila gear and my hair in curls Would get a motel but I'm too cheap About to let her have it in the backseat Chick's gettin ill and I assume This girl won't go to the motel room Me in the backseat turned up the sound But my man K-Dee nowhere to be found [ Kid Dee ] Skeezer poppin drag and it ain't no joke If I had to pay attention she'd wind up broke Talkin quite dirty and that's the clue Started kissin and huggin on Posse 2 (2) Headed for the skirt, had to admit it Willin not illin, she was damn sho' with it Whispered in my ear, talkin that sex Hurry up in the back, homeboy, I'm next [ Sir Jinx ] Jinx teed off cause my girl's no fun I'm the only one that's on a dry run She had a beef, I had a gripe [ Ice Cube ] But I heard different, she's not that type [ Sir Jinx ] I dissed her and dismissed her, threw her out of the place Start poppin that trash, threw my hand in her face Grabbed another girl who loved the posse Headed to the Fox and the rest's history [ all ]	My posse [ all ]	My posse (Posse's gettin big and my posse's gettin bigger) [ all ]	My posse [ all ]	My posse (Posse's gettin big) (Jealous posses on my tip) (Posse's) (posse's) (posse's gettin big) (Posse's) (posse's) (posse's gettin big) (Posse's gettin big and my posse's gettin bigger) [ Ice Cube ] Posse 1 Ice Cube and I'm the ace [ Kid Dee ] Posse 2 roll the deuce, Kid Dee's in the place [ Sir Jinx ] Sir Jinx in the back and I'm the trey [ Ice Cube ] I talk more crap and down with Dre [ Kid Dee ] (The Wreckin' Crew) is with it, hip to get busy [ Sir Jinx ] Eazy-E, Ron De Vu keep chasin those skizzies [ Ice Cube ] [Names] just make that noise [ Sir Jinx ] This rhyme is dedicated to the Vick Boys [ Ice Cube ] To all the girls out there wanna get in our face [ Kid Dee ] To the Crenshaw cruisers, keep pumpin that bass [ Sir Jinx ] And to any rap team, if you wanna be king [ Ice Cube ] You must stand in line if you know what I mean [ all ]	My posse [ all ]	My posse (Posse's gettin big and my posse's gettin bigger) [ all ]	My posse [ all ]	My posse (Posse's gettin big) (Jealous posses on my tip) [ all ]	My posse [ Cube ]	Seize di mic on di 1 (right) [ all ]	My posse [ Cube ]	Seize di mic before 3 (right) [ all ]	My posse [ Cube ]	On di mic before 2 (right) Hey yo Dre Kick in the bass West Coast style! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: George Clinton f/ Dr. Dre, Ice Cube, KAM, MC Breed, Public Enemy, Pupa Curley, Yo-Yo Album: Hey Man... Smell My Finger Song: Paint the White House Black Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Ice Cube] One, two, three and I come with the wicked White house, lights out Boom boom boom with the Bop Gun Looks like I dropped one I'm top gun, so picture..  (Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture) Bill Clinton (Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture) (*Phone Beaping*) Here we go y'all [George Clinton] Paint the White House black, brown [Dr. Dre] Ha ha, yeah, what's up? What's boppin? This is Dr. Dre callin' from Chronic Control Could I speak to the president? Awww, yeah, just tell him he was smokin' last night at the club You know what I'm sayin? What? - he don't inhale? Well I know, I got the wrong motherfuckin' house Did somebody beap me from there? [George Clinton] Colors don't clash, people just do Color me happy next to you Aww, just like it should, there goes the Neighborhood That is what they'd have us believe [Chorus: George Clinton] Paint the White House black, brown Paint the White House.. (*Sample of Police Sirens*) Paint the White House black, brown Paint the White House, black... [George Clinton] Uhhhh lookin' through a view of views Seein' what they want you to Blinded by the flames of friendly fire  And then they sat there like a dope Until they choked from all that smoke From behind a smoke screen of the patriotic liars [Dr. Dre] Aiyyo, well check this out If you talked to George Clinton Tell him I'll catch him at the next plateau with the bomb You know what I'm sayin? It's not the pretendo but the endo And I'll be droppin' some straight Chronic at his front door [Chorus: George Clinton with Ice Cube and Pupa Curley] Paint the White House black, brown Paint the White House.. (Cause white ain't right, so get the flashlight) Paint the White House black, brown (No matter what creed, no matter what color) Paint the White House.. [Flavor Flav] Now, check this out [Chuck D] Yo yo Flavor man, we could kick like this Yo, we could kick it man, yo, word up, man Yo, check this out man You know, the homeboys in Detroit, in Minneapolis, in L.A. In New York and down in D.C. man They got the system in the back and boomin' it But they don't know what we're sayin' But the homeboys know what we're sayin' You know what I'm sayin?  Yo, check Yo-Yo [Yo-Yo]  If love ain't got nothin' to do with it then keep it Ain't no big secret, we all know the reason People change everyday but life stays the same  One big game, ain't a damn thing changed A woman's got to do what a woman's got to do Be a mackstress, don't let these mackers mack you So I get caught up in it, I'm stressin' and tried  The man who runs the joint gets me higher It can be a White House, a black house It can be a crack house, an out house If it ain't the right house, go get your army gears baby  We got a fight, they ain't gonna set aside another night  (*Sample of Police Sirens*) It's so bad that Los Angeles, is so scandalous Give me somebody, who can handle us Yo-Yo is on the top of things So uhh.. color me mad, I'm ready for a change [MC Breed] I done came up short, one time too many Yet a brother got to be comin' out his nickles  And countin' up his last pennies Buyin' brushes and bum rushin' homey's greenery Many envy but a hill of beans is what it means to me Leave it up to me, I'm paintin' the White House black There ain't no future in your frontin' So why the hell you're frontin' jack? It'll either change or we're gonna change it "Yeah, it's gettin' old" Usin' everything, from spray cans to charcoal Put them up, then put the crew up on discharge Leavin' wet paint signs in the front yard [Flavor Flav] Yo George, these people crazy man They don't even know what I'm sayin' [George Clinton] Awwwwww airbrushed and colorized  Just changed right before our eyes, real as visualized In every frame and let the love shine from the right house  Be in the black, red or white house Through our fear the puppeteer can pull our strings Whoaahh, well alright, again I say or say can you see The puppeteer pull the strings of you and me from the White House The out house of territorial conquest The HUD House, the pro-this, the anti-that White against black, the right to life versus pro-choice [KAM] I pledge allegiance to the flag  Being all I could never be.. KAM READ HIS TOE TAG Yeah, this is USA-K all day and you can't interrupt  Lay back, WATT'S UP Stars and stripes for Tarzan types  Got brothers like me behind bars and on pipes Damn, I'm gettin' took for a trip  They got me seein' stars from the club and stripes from the whip Why must you all be like that? I ain't into politics, so skip them white-collared tricks They never did us no good To hell with the space shuttle, put some money in the hood And make jobs, let's mob up to the capitol  Then we ain't got to rap at all Power To The People and the only way to get free Is the J-to-the-U-S-T-I-C-E [George Clinton w/ KAM] Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture Y'all can't stop the bum rush, so get the paint brush It's time for a change Paint the White House black, brown [Dr. Dre] Yo, listen to the real Clinton "WHO BILL CLINTON?" Hell no, I'm talkin' about George Clinton [George Clinton] Paint the White House black, brown [Pupa Curley] All one blood, only a different color  And in a dis ya time, you have to help your neighbor  Look at the downtown area, no food to eat, no shelter Them people have to live in a house made of paper And when it rains it falls through like a sift wire Hunger deh hunger, all over about time  All of us come together Ice Cube, Dr. Dre, N.W.A, Flavor Flav, Chuck D Public Enemy, Flea, Anthony stirrin' up the Chili Yo-Yo, KAM and Breed, Prince and Pupa that's me [Ice Cube] One, two, three and I come with the wicked Boom boom boom with the Bop Gun, looks like I dropped one You can get with this or you can get with it Got to peel his cap, who's the mack? Shit, I'll paint the White House black [Hook: George Clinton & Pupa Curley] Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture Paint the White House black, brown (No matter what creed or what color) Paint the White House.. (With God by my side we're gonna change this power) Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture Paint the White House black, brown Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture Paint the White House.. Paint the White House black, brown (Red, white, or blue, purple or whatever) Paint the White House.. (I won't even care if it's Technicolor) Paint the White House black, brown (No matter what creed or what color) Paint the White House.. (With God by my side we're gonna change this power) Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture Paint the White House black, brown Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture Paint the White House... [Flavor Flav] You understand what I'm sayin? Cause that's the way it be Because his name George and his last name begins with a "C" [George Clinton] Picture this, paint a picture, picture perfect, paint a perfect picture [Ice Cube] Yeah, George Clinton, Nineteen ninety Tre Droppin' on your punk ass motherfuckers and that's how we do it You know what I'm sayin? yeah [George Clinton] Paint the White House black, brown Those who oppose to be leveled up next to this  I ain't the devil, this ain't The Exorcist  Worse than a nightmare, you don't have to sleep on wink  The pain the mind gets everytime you think  Flashbacks, interfere, you start to hear  P-Funk in your ear [Dr. Dre] Ha yeah, what's up? This is Dr. Dre callin' from Chronic Control Peace and hair grease, I'm ouuuuuuut! (*Phone hanged up*) Damn!! [Flavor Flav] Aiyyo, 'Dre was Panasonic, what's up now? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Da Lench Mob f/ Ice Cube, Mack 10 (Westside Connection) Album: Planet of Da Apes Song: Cut Throats  Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro] Down.. down.. down Now, I got to cut ya [Verse One: Mack 10] It's on, that you step to the big black gates  Too late, no escape, from the Planet of The Apes No doubt, there's no way out, no daps, perhaps While the homies set the traps, I load straps By the way, the last time a fool came through I hang out Gun shots rang out, blew his motherfucking brains out Cut Throats style, everything is filed  With rums in the slums for miles and miles So.. if you toose, you loose, with none will be in your shoes So grab your cheap ass crews and catch the blues Hollow points holes that won't never close Lit them up cause I rather stick them up, and get them up Stereotype for life; is how I'm living Down with the Guerrillas In the Mist but Fuck! this I slang bricks, only fuck with whoopty chicks The name is Mack 10, and I live off dirty licks We do whatever it takes, we gotta make them ends Even if it means jacking friends And I'ma cut throats [Verse Two: T-Bone] Explosions and earthquakes that make the room shake Back up.. Yo, hold on, Fuck That!  Can I do that over my homieboy? Yeah, you better do that motherfucker homie Yeah man, Fuck This Shit! I can break this motherfucker down, so let me do it like this Explosions and earthquakes that make the room shake Back up, make room, Ba-boom now you're doomed Hollow points to the dome, once again it's on Do you want a fat platter of some bloody brain matter? Out cause my .22, I brought it brand new It's draw me kind of duel, Punk give up the Lexus Coupe Uhh! let the track loop, whores about to shoot Any wickeddie diggeddie nigga that try to get me for my loot So what's the scoop? - four bail troops Dead end show by your junkie ass Cut Throat  And I'ma cut throats Now, I got to cut ya.. down Now, I got to cut ya.. down Now, I got to cut ya.. down [Verse Three: Maulkie] Welcome to the horrors show, murder is the flick  Your discretion is advice, shit is about to get live Straight from the start, born with the coldest heart Known to get low to split the trick's skull apart You can't stand the heat, then get the fuck out the kitchen Cause ninety four; is the season for lynching From outta the dark is the South Central G Ready, hand steady on the bloody Machete Don't you ever try to fuck me, you buster I cut off your head and send the drama to your mama Fucking with the Don, I put you in the right direction A first class ticket to the resurrection, fool! So whatever it takes, we gotta make them ends Even if it means jacking friends And I'ma cut throats [Verse Four: Shorty] Rolling with my crew about four, I'm on a down low Tinny stepping toe, as I passed up the liquor store The devil is on my shoulder, should I kill it? (HELL YEAH!!) Bat that ass up, I step back like Jackie Robinson I hit the home run, better yet a ransom A lacker win jamer, macker framer lamer On a board burnt up Seville A slice jacking where the fuck his chill I've seen a bitch ran in down the hill Mr. Cut Throat, took his axe And gave that bitch Jill forty lacks When we looked and seen what we done I grabbed the pen and the pad and put that shit on this album And I'ma cut throats [Verse Five: Ice Cube] Who the fuck can I cut like Spaghetti? Steady Mobbing, Mr. Machete, robbing all these brand tricks Sharp as a home made shank From Super Macks to the holding tank, I make them all stank You caught the vapors, but.. I float like a butterfly  I sting when I do my thing like a paper cut Who got the sort alcohol and the cotton? Rotten when I cut through the lame hold them dogs rotten Have you forgotten what I've been through? Nappy headed getting through (CHOP!!) with my Hip-Hop when I (CHOP!!)  It don't stop til the heads fall off the cut and drop Crazy as the bitch who cut off her husband's cock  Her name is Robbin, I got to rob it, nigga leave the cards running I don't need to take my gun in Pull out my knife, it's your money or your life Must I cope new quote, sincerely yours from the cut throats And I'ma cut throats [Outro] Chop Chop, watch watch, bluaa Now, I got to cut ya.. down Now, I got to cut ya.. down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Da Lench Mob f/) Ice Cube Album: Planet of Da Apes Song: Scared Lil' Nigga Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Ice Cube] Scared little nigga, scared (SCARED!!) Scared that the devil won't let you shovel  Like a slave, your own fucking grave Scared little nigga, scared (SCARED!!) Scared to think, scared to drink Kool-Aid  Made by your poor black mama, scared of the drama Scared little niggaz Scared that the powers that be, will see 'D' Black as me, you scared little nigga, Scared (SCARED!!) Scared, don't want to be associated, easily intimidated  Hated when we were segregated from whitey, the all mighty Scared little niggaz hollering Jesus, Jesus, Jesus But mad to find out that he is us Scared little niggaz, scared (SCARED!!) Scared, what you're gonna do; on that dayyy! When the USA; ain't ran by the old Fayyy  Scared little nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Daz f/ Ice Cube Album: So So Gangsta Song: Strizap Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Daz] Yo when I spit pay attention, just play your position Finna to stab you with scissors, I'm mad at the prison Mad 'cause I'm sittin', mad at these casualties missin' Bitchin' bout who bad and who isn't (Shit homie, we Dogg Pound Crippin') Man, I just handle my business and pop Impala's Keep a gang of thorough niggaz cold watchin' my product Still watchin' my dollars I'm a D.P.G.C. street rhyme scholar I got the world on my dogg collar (Y'all niggaz soft in the middle I'm bombin' on 'em, plus y'all ain't shit) With the heart of a hundred pits founds grippin' the system Gettin' they armor, launch a revolver We all plan contact when we yell 'woof' Scope vision, aim, fall back Fuck what it cost, Dogg Pound need all that I'll put the holes in you niggaz gettin' shit twisted Dissin' individuals who be snitchin' Duck down, here I come to get 'em, tell 'em [Chorus: Daz] (Ice Cube) Hold on to somethin' when the dogg put his foot down The ground gon' move somethin' viscous So you better hold on to somethin' (Better get your strizap, better get your strizap) So you better hold on to somethin' (Better get your strizap, better get your strizap) So you better hold on to somethin' when the dogg put his foot down The ground gon' move somethin' viscous So you better hold on to somethin' (Better get your strizap, better get your strizap) So you better hold on to somethin' (Better get your strizap, better get your strizap) "Sir, can you please call Animal Control Your dog has gotten out again and attacked four people" [Ice Cube] When I rap niggaz get they straps They catch the claps tryin' to fuck with a maniac I'm brainiac, Ice Cube pyroclastic flow You niggaz know how I get down, if you don't then yo' ass a hoe I dip through there, like Happy New Year with distribution What's your resolution? I got the solution I got dope rhymes, cut 'em into nickels and dimes I got mixtapes, 6-4's and six eighths I'm at the Dogg Pound tryin' to save a dogg named Daz So all you suckas pass, hit the gate and got in yo' ass And that shit there is a felony, that's what they keep tellin' me That's that dogg from the LBC, now we got to put him to sleep S-T to the R-A-P, put it out first put him to sleep Grab Daz put him up in my jeep, drove him back to that 2-1 Street [Chorus: Daz] (Ice Cube) Hold on to somethin' when the dogg put his foot down The ground gon' move somethin' viscous So you better hold on to somethin' (Better get your strizap, better get your strizap) So you better hold on to somethin' (Better get your strizap, better get your strizap) So you better hold on to somethin' when the dogg put his foot down The ground gon' move somethin' viscous So you better hold on to somethin' (Better get your strizap, better get your strizap) So you better hold on to somethin' (Better get your strizap, better get your strizap) [Daz] Takin' the strap up off my back I'm actin' if I was an action-less bastard When I could treat your fuckin' heart out and keep rappin' like nothin' happened This for them G's who keep the straps in they jacket When I could smack him, ask him if he got a heart like me Move weight, ask him if he hold the fort like me Bring some more of yo' niggaz, usually just be dead in the street Listen up, pipe down - I'm what you call a soldier Army fatigues, keepin' a pump up under my shoulder I get bolder therefore I got bodies to count Come up with quarters, how you talkin' with a gun in your mouth? I'm for real homie, I don't fuck with too many niggaz But the last real ones alive keep on livin', nigga Don't get it twisted, that's what come to my mind So recognize when you see a G, open your eyes Stay alive, keep the automatic nine when we ride Watchin' my back, blowin' dro, I stay on the grind I get dope, goin' broke never be on my mind I keep ya smoked, Dogg Pound, Long Beach Eastside Grab your arms, hater's holdin' on for his life This what the lock from a thorough' blue pit feel like [Chorus: Daz] (Ice Cube) So hold on to somethin' when the dogg put his foot down The ground gon' move somethin' viscous So you better hold on to somethin' (Better get your strizap, better get your strizap) So you better hold on to somethin' (Better get your strizap, better get your strizap) So you better hold on to somethin' when the dogg put his foot down The ground gon' move somethin' viscous So you better hold on to somethin' (Better get your strizap, better get your strizap) So you better hold on to somethin' (Better get your strizap, better get your strizap) Westside!... Eastside!... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Del the Funky Homosapien w/ Ice Cube Album: I Wish My Brother George Was Here Song: Hoodz Come in Dozens Intro: *various media samples* 60's Frat Rock  Yet the economy was collapsing And there's been a wave of minor bombings against Amer...  Gang violence is escalating, in such a manner I think, the  The mere violence itself has become part of, of the gang life  Part of the thrill (Yeah!) Verse One: Del Thieves in the night, stick you in the alleyway They might cause fright, they stick you up for Bally suede shoes and in the news, and even on Geraldo You can choose who will lose a pair of shoes (Yup!) word The ones with the Reebok Pumps get their rumps rearranged for their change now their down in the dumps (Yup) You sprint two yards, to sport em on the first day of school and like a fool, you went out like the worst way They pulled out a tool, and asked you to remove them quickly, I told em not to do it and they hit me (What?) in the mouth with the nine, I thought they was like kinfolk (punk) I never thought crime would elevate up to Twin Oaks what but hey, everybody is a victim Hoodz come in dozens, the magic word is (stick em) When they spot you and they got you and you can't deal with em All because you spent two G's on your Boomin System Loud enough for the whole block to hear But now they caught you at the light and you're drownin in your tears (Punk you better raise your ass up out this car) (Come off the car punk 'fore your ass gets blast) And never was your fault that your shit was expensive You shoulda bought a vault, and now I gotta mention that Hoodz come in dozens, read it in the papers Seems like everyone caught a little vapors You can't escape em, so don't even plan it Gangsta Boogie fever has taken over planet Earth Now your life is worth a pair of Jordan's? Now I wear Vans and my fans think I'm poor When I walk down the block, with money in my sock and shoe I hate you Mista Gangsta, cause everyone is mocking you Now I can't get no rest because your pests keep killing little children like their speakers are worth a million Plus, it really is a bummer Someone tried to get me for a coat last summer (Your coat, check it in punk, hahah!) Damn Hoodz come in dozens so watch your back cause they all on the attack and you'll never know when they'll show up, but when they do You better throw up your hands like a fan and surrender Nigga don't be a pretender You ain't the Hulk G Give up the cash and all the big bulky jewelry (All of it) *In what, daylight?* That's the plan kid They don't even care if it's Candid Because passerbys mind they own beeswax So they like steppin to you like yo I'll take these blacks Give up your cash and your jewels without a argumnet Otherwise you'll catch one between the eyes (bang!) Don't play hero, cause hero plus a bullet equals zero Give up your dough and cheerio old chap You didn't get a cap busted in your temple See, it's just that simple Remember that hoodz come in dozens (You're god damn right) Hoodz come in dozens (like thieves in the night) Hoodz come in dozens (punks runnin out of sight) (So gimme them motherfuckin Nike's) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The D.O.C. f/ N.W.A Album: No One Can Do It Better Song: The Grand Finale (Dr. Dre)  Check this out, we've come to the last and final record This is Dr. Dre in full effect and we gonna kick it offa little somethis like  this We got my mella yella boy on the drums, We got Stan "the Guitar Man" dropping the rhythm. We got LA Dre on the keyboard and I want the whole posse in this muthafucka to rocl on this funky ass beat we're gonna drop Aight, So Ice Cube, you the early bird on this muthafucka, run it (Ice Cube) Picture a nigga that's raw Amplify his ass and what you see is what's on Muthafuckas I slaughter, blow em out the water Word to me, fuck the father My melody is deadly as a pin in a handgrenade 5 seconds before you get played You can't throw me, I guess you'll blow up Ever see a sucker scatter, it'll make ya throw up Then I take advantage, you can't manage To get up, all you can do is sit up, I get lit up Hit up, Ice Cube tearing shit up Like a dude you can bet on Collide like a head on Collision, stutter steppin is an incision Of a nigga saying exactly what I vision Because I'm gone, you think I left you all But I stay in yo' ass like cholesterol When I blast some solid ass alcatraz And if you escape, you better swim fast 'Cause I'll catch ya, physically and mentally And the capital punishment's the penalty Sitting in the electric chair, grab a hold Pull the switch, yo' body twitch, your eye's explode Out your skull 'cause being dull on a flow Is an N-O, niggas didn't know that I can go Off and show off to throw off the law Turn, take 10 paces then draw What's left is a muthafucka dead in the alley Ice Cube is the shit on the grand finale (Dr. Dre) Yea, yea that was funky but we need the muthafucking villian to speak So kick it (MC Ren) The grand finale, yo, it's my turn to bust So let weak muthafuckas turn to dust If you're weak it ain't my fault Just take a kick in the ass and get turn into a pillar of salt And niggas that's biting just to taste me I make the punk muthafuckas buckle up for safety And on the dope they caught from the flash And swing like a bit when he's caught in a whiplash Giving him pain 'cause I'm urgent Rearrange the muthafucking face like a surgeon It ain't no excuse for the torture delivering  Don't say that I scare you, I can tell 'cause your shivering Lyrics label wit an X and not a G I say fuck the police, yo, so now they after me I'm wanted by the law so I stay low Representing the pimp, bitches making my dough In a different stage, I must of went on a rampage Me and the D.O.C. are always hitting the front page For what, for stealing and stepping up to the sheriff And when I enter the party, niggas shit in a ?(cell pimp)? For what, maybe 'cause I'm Ren And when they clean up shit, yo, they do it again So fuck it, sit back cool and relax While Eazy busts the facts kicking the grande finale (Dr. Dre) Yea, y'all know what time it is. Easy muthafucking E is in the house doing  damage (Eazy E) The name is Eazy for me to come off like the inforcer' Mass murder muthafukas in a course of An everyday situation where I would stalk by Fuck the car, I do a muthafuking walk-by Eazy-E and the D.O. to the C. and Run house and there won't be no disagreeing 'Cause if there is some, you feeling staticy Then I'm arrested (For what) assault and battery Never outdone, only outdoing Loving the bitches and the hoes boo hooing Why 'cause they're addicted to my dick The pleasure of pain, the wing-ding and flipped it (Yea) and never forget when done in bed by Eazy, the name of a Compton hard head Cool but local like loc never broke 'Cause they're paid to be Ruthless, this is why I do this I don't give a fuck about fame I rather deal wit a number than a muthafuking name (word) Get me paid and then rap 'Cause all the other bullshit money ain't jack Eazy but not that Eazy to deal wit Especially if you're poppin bullshit Put the E-A-Z-Y and to the E Expression of thought on the muthafuking grand finale (Dr. Dre) Yea, that shit was funky, last but not least is the muthafuking D.O.C. This is your album, so that means you definitely got to get funky, so run it (The D.O.C.) Swinging, singing a brand new rap On a rhythm concocted by my homie in the back and If it makes you giggle, it must be kinda funny But to me it's kinda cool (Tell 'em why), I'm making money Tripping up the man wit the ?(swig tan)? movement Proving if you're grooving then it cool when he be doing it Taking a second for me to blow your mind 'Cause I'm the diggy diggy D.O.C. and I would've been down wit rock But I was smart, the D.O. to the C. now on the formula It's rough, I mean it's funky enuff for me And you can have a listen after that and this and D-O-N-'T M-O-V-E wit out permission From the D.O. to the C., I'm just better than The normal man and I'll be dumb if a sucker can Ever compete wit the elite Much less beat, it's like dancing wit 2 left feet Never smile when the D.O.C. is in the room Or I'm a send ya ass to the temple of doom I got raw when I came to Cali Now wit NWA on the muthafuking grand finale (Dre) Shout outs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D.O.C. f/ MC Ren, Ice Cube, Six Two, Snoop Dogg Album: Duece Song: The Shit Typed by: lilhd@dpgrecordz.com * * send corrections to the typist [D.O.C.] You don't wanna see me Cuz I'm a Westside hustla (westcoast) And I'm through with you busta's so (yeah) Gives me my snaps cuz yous owes me hoes (bring it) Khakis pendletons and romeos, niggaz Westcoast rat pack, '88 real niggaz all black (come on) All back in your ass again And you goddamn right we gonna win [MC Ren] Ren makin niggaz run and duck Hands on my balls with the DOC Not giving a fuck, we bad luck Here a dick to suck, your ho can taste it With the villain DNA, when she ready to chase it I'm on another level than y'all Niggaz dressed up like they Pope John Paul (yeah) Its that new mothafuckin formula y'all Fuck the dress codes, nigga come smash the walls Posted up, ho's choked up Dick too big bout to tear their throat up Ren give a fuck, you askin to get cut Comp-town started this shit So nigga what? We all fucked up But y'all lucked up, Nigga brown nosing Drop this nigga shit had a whole flame frozen Ho game dozin, in it for something While you all bitches y'all in it for nothing [Six Two - Chorus] Do nott attempt to adjust your radio There is nothing wrong It's a must I get my hands on some dead presidents Cant be hesitant because the game goes on Do not attempt to adjust your radio There is nothing wrong It's a must I get my hands on some dead presidents Cant be hesitant because the game goes on [Ice Cube] To fuck with Ice Cube You gotta shit talk, big talk, crip walk Bang hard, run yards, flip cars Cuz you fuckin with millionaires, big stars Only clockin a grip while make our dicks hard I come through when I handle my bidness Like a goddamn menace Niggaz think I eat spinach Cuz you need a dentist whenever I finish It's the Grenache, with a gang of Lieutenants WESTSIDE! Connection is the campaign Niggaz trying to run shit, pull a hamstring Imma do the damn thang, baby do the damn thang DANCE! Ass bustin out them pants I cant stand it, ram it like the animal planet The kinda nigga that'll take Janet for granted Ice Cube got that shit you grew up on Blew up on, got a lawsuit at home It's a shark in the swimming pool Bad news coming through on them 22's And I'm huntin you out, little kids got the runnin the house I'm dirty like the south, with a gun in your mouth Click Click Nigga bang bang for that blang blang Nigga get about insane as Saddam Hussein Give a fuck if we got him again, he outta my range Give him shit stains when I get my claims [Six Two - chorus] [D.O.C.] There it is all read there it is my niggaz we going back to the beginning though (back to life) for real but even in the mix of this old school shit our young gangstas still bring the pain Doggy Dogg bring them off something [Snoop Dogg] Easily I approach The microphone with a pocket full of dough The king of the coast I'm rockin the boat Stroking your folks And loccin with locs Baby boy got smoked Nigga what up, Nigga what up I need cheese, paper, bread, and butter Nut up and cut up the beef I got a 44 piece that'll shut up the *gunshot* My niggaz gonna floss to this My cripped out homeboys gonna walk to this Creep to the spizzot, and stash my nizzot Then call the Dizzoc, you know we got lizzock Pop right back on your monkey ass Then cop a glock back on your funky ass Been a long time, I shouldn't have left you Lets get loot like Snoop nephew Six Duece [Six Two - chorus] [D.O.C.] Here we go Some new millennium shit from the DOC nigga And as long as I'm fuckin around with niggaz like Ice Cube Ren the muthafuckin villain, Snoop dogg Dre the muthafuckin doctor, a B number one stunna nigga Jazze Pha, Nate dogg and the Kingpin, X to the muthafuckin Z Six-Two, my muthafuckin Silverback family muthafuckers so as long as I keep making these records this is what you gonna get The Shit, Take that mutha*gunshot* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Crazy Toones f/ Ice Cube, W.C. and the Maad Circle Album: CT Experience Mixtape Song: G Shit Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com (*Sound of Helicopter Propeller Turning*) [Intro: DJ Crazy Toones] Punk! DJ Crazy Toones in this motherfucker Finna bust your niggaz heads [Verse One: W.C.] Yo, we're back niggaz, Fuck giving Dap to niggaz Westside 'til I die, what's happening niggaz? It's that Rich Rolling, loc'd out, Big green, smoking on Crip Walking, surplus post the shout Hitting a sip and then perking on this liquor, working them triggers And when my album dropped, it's curtains for you niggaz I got a cult following, I'm dangerous My fans look like a gang of deaf niggaz throwing up sign language I'm the Dub, with the A to the K, I am I would've killed you niggaz last album but the trigger jammed (*Gun Cocked*) So I shook Def Jam and hit the switch man Now it's Anybody Killer; if it ain't Lench Mob or Big Swang Fuck! niggaz, Fuck! bitches, Fuck! all the hype (Hype hype, Fuck! them) Fuck! you, you ain't tight your A&R's a lie (BITCH!) Fuck! radio and videos and Fuck! a label I walk in your mixer meeting, piss on the table (*Laughter*) Wrecking tours, take a Cheque, on who they're checking for us Stepping out the Cadillac with suicide doors So let the liquor pour, mother fuck a metal floor (..DJ Crazy Toones!) I'm trying to put my Chucks down on the pedal of the '64 Check skrilla, check figures, stay checking niggaz Lot of cowards try, but they can't get with us It's the Tech gripper, vest splitter, claim the west nigga Catch you in the bathroom and take that chain off your chest nigga Ain't nothing changed Loc, I'm coming to you niggaz Still down to catch a fame with any one of you niggaz So after this; I'm done with you niggaz And since most of y'all can't take a ass whooping I'm gunning you niggaz And rapping's running L.A.'s streets I'm getting twenty thousand a show to skip across stage on my feet In presidential suites, getting licked to my feet Leaving nut stains and Golden Bird chicken grease on the sheets Niggaz mad cause I'm maneuvering past in a new Jag Windows down yelling; Fuck! you fags (Fuck! you) Leaning on that new leather like shoe tags Cause me and money go together like pockets and blue rags (Nigga) Like tricks and whores, like rain and storms Like guns and drugs, Kirk Franklin and porns Like dicks and pussies, like weed and zags Johnny Gill and Eddie Murphy, like police and fags When we come through; look at how they all frown Me and Cube walk through; we shut the Fox Hills Mall down Niggaz want to get me, cause their bitch came with them in their Hemi But left with us in that Bentley But what do you expect? - she was curious, the diamonds are so serious Make her wants our CT Experience Slingshot, chest up, heads of the best is us Whores down motherfucker, West up! [Break: sample of Public Enemy 'Rebel Without a Pause'] [Chuck D] Bring that beat back, man [Flavor.] Bring that beat back [Chuck D] Bring the beat back [Flavor ] Y'all want to hear that beat, right? [Chuck D] Bring that beat back! [Unknown] Please stand up! [DJ Crazy Toones] I'm standing the fuck up nigga! Real mixtape DJs, Who am I? [Ice Cube] Crazy Toones nigga! [DJ Crazy] Right, Who is you? [Ice Cube] Ice Cube, nigga! [DJ Crazy] What you got, loc? [Ice Cube] The Pyroclastic Flow [DJ Crazy] It's The CT Experience! [Hook: Ice Cube] Gangsters shit up in this, you know how we get down West Coast nigga, with the trademark frown Come through the spot, with nothing on the waist Cause niggaz all around me down to catch a case [DJ Crazy Toones scratching quotes below] Ma-ma-ma-many people listen to... Ice Cube To find out what time it is I'm-I'm-I'm running, I'm-I'm-I'm running.. Los-Los-Los Angeles, Los Angeles [Verse Two: Ice Cube] I was raised by the Gs, under palm trees Dealt with the dealers, adopted by the killers Got a Ford for a car, plus a double R (Crazy Toones nigga) Rappers get my autograph, bitch you can do the math I want that beat fool, I'm down with C Toones We from the G School, you niggaz see through R&B ass niggaz, rapping with your shirt off Leave them face down in the street when I skirt off Niggaz in the hood look, they call me Rupert Murdoch Sly as a fox, thick as an ox nigga I'm so sick; when I come through the block Never sold a bird but niggaz call me Chicken Pox (It's a motherfucking CT Experience..) Understand that, understand this We infamous up in this, who you're fucking with? Break your wrist, take your shit, then we take a trip And when they find you, mistake you for a naked bitch Gangster shit up in this, you know how we get down West Coast nigga, with the trademark frown Come through the spot, with nothing on the waist Cause niggaz all around me down to catch a case Gangster shit up in this, you know how we get down West Coast nigga, with the trademark frown Come through the spot, with nothing on the waist Cause niggaz all around me down to catch a case [Granny] God Damn! [Toones] I'm serving all you bitch ass niggaz [Unkown] That's right, me and you gon' get hurt if you keep on messing around! [Granny] God Damn! [Toones] Use your turntables niggaz [sample] Yeah, shit, this is dedicated to all you biters out there Y'all better watch y'all's ass! Where you from? [DJ Crazy Toones] I'm from South Central Los Angeles, we influenced the world nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Crazy Toones f/ Ice Cube Album: CT Experience Song: Mixtape Shit Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Ice Cube] Ice Cube motherfucker with my nigga C. Toones The C stand for Crazy, yeah nigga we loons And we been saggin, before Bin Laden Been braggin 'bout his first underground cabin And you been faggin, like a Sisqo dragon Tail waggin, San Francisco actin Come through lookin 6'8, makin' bitches wait Can't believe that nigga Cube is on a mixtape But only large niggaz dictate, where they rhymes go As time go watch yo' mind blow If not I'll let my nine go, like a rhino It'll slump ya like whino Little homies call me El Grando Cube Calico, you can go toss a salad hoe Better yet, you can get the dick mayne The shit mayne, and don't you forget mayne... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: E-40 f/ Ice Cube Album: Loyalty and Betrayal Song: Behind Gates Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice Cube] Say Earl, let's get it crack-a-latin in this bitch.. Uhh.. nigga nigga.. y'know (y'know) y'know! Uhh, Ice Cube and E-40 up in this motherfucker (Ice Cube and E-40) For those that don't know, we do it like this (like how?) We do it like this (like this) I gotta say some shit 'fore we start the single I'm sick of motherfuckers bitin 40 lingo Everytime I see yo' bitch ass you got a jingle and you ain't wrote shit, got it from my people Your whole ego, is evil, negro, fo'rizzo, we go get the Desert Eagle, blast on your Regal Your dub, no "California Love," California slugs from California bloods, and Calfironia cuz [E-40] Dip ridin them little itty bitty ass wheels in the town like you might see on shoppin carts If I ain't ridin mustard or mayonnaise-zinas(?) and bowed toes, (?) low on horse then I'm bluffin, I'm less than nothin, a constipated dude Constantly fartin, but I'm really supposed to be, shittin on fools Peep - Ice Cube and E-40 doin a track together That's HEAT! Players it don't get no better than this pimpin That's HEAT! Two of the most grizzliest and Godzilla-ass niggaz to ever touch the mic.. (touch the mic) [Chorus: repeat 2X] [I] Behind gates, heaven or hell, mansion or jail Keepin it real, two niggaz from the hood makin mill's [E] Behind gates, heaven or hell, mansion or jail Was destined to have somethin pimpin, be about your mail [E-40] NOW! I might talk a different language but I'm not Scottish Got more homies in jail, than I do in college I'm a cold piece of (?) - slide through the park and come back every fifteen minutes in a different car on the strength of flamboastin pu-uh-purposes Smokin burners (burners) Finger on my thumper (thumper) in this concrete habitat Never know when you just might have to, put a head on flat [Ice Cube] Our status, is penthouses, yo' ass, is rent houses We got, ten houses, can't even, spend ours We go, invent ours, in about, ten hours Comin with that mob-ass shit, it's a hit bitch Broke bitch, turn into a rich bitch Every trick bitch wanna be a legit bitch We got big ol', big gold gates We got big ol', big gold, nickel plates (who is it?) [Ice Cube] Let me tell you, broke niggaz can't offend me Evidently, yo' Bentley musta said "rent me" I see you rollin, lookin stolen, L.A.P.D. is actin just like me, they can't believe what they see Pull you over, it's over, nigga, can't be sober Rollin through this neighborhood fool nice to know ya Fakin like you got the bacon, with that tickin-ass Rolex A nigga blast til the soul reflects [E-40] My roots grew up tearin projects, players shootin craps pimpin Placin side bets, hair full of naps pimpin Bunch of ruffnecks, play the old tracks mayne Money cars sex, servin cocaine White girl, wedding dress, in the dope game Block cleaners, poppin out of my Ford Excursion truck with heaters, poppin at all of my enemies better duck Even though I'm makin tapes I'm still stuck [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: E-40 f/ Kanye West, Ice Cube Album: Tell Me When to Go (Remix) 12" Song: Tell Me When to Go (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: E-40] REMIX! (Ayyyyy!) Ay man, ay it's by popular demand pimp, I need a fix, man Dey demandin a remix, man! (A remix, pimp? A remix!) It's confirmed like a Don King perm (yeah, HA) You got ya boy E-40, you got Kanye West {IT'S ICE CUBE NIGGA!!} Ooooooooohh... [Chorus: (Keak Da Sneak) E-40] (Tell me when to go) Tell me when to go (Tell me when to go) Tell me when to GOOOOOOO... *repeat 2X* ("Dumb" "Dumb" "Dumb" "Du-du-dumb" - Run-D.M.C.) [E-40] This {?} colored slushie got me feelin like da Man of Steel Energy hyphy drink (drink); spinner steerin wheel Mardi Gras beads around my neck (neck), invisible set Pull-outs (pull-outs!) diamonds on my mouth (BLING) Rally stripes, hustle cars, vans and campers (campers) My dude got handle bars, get out yer cameras (get out yer cameras) Wet the tar down, break out the crates (oooh...) We on the swerve ice skatin, doin figure eights (ERRRH!!!) The King of Slang, they call me Ebonics ('bonics!) I get stupid and dumb like Just Ice and Mantronix ("Dumb-dumb...") ...hear me out (out!) The first motherfucker to even SPEAK about a "Drought" (uh-huh) 40, ya fool, I heard he's growin out his hair (yeah) Sweaaar - yea, he takin it dere UUHHH! (UUHHH!) - it's party music Get used to it - the hyphy music! AHH! [E-40 - briefly over chorus] Who you know could get Kanye West on the remix? (OOOOOH!) Ay 'Ye, you know they love you in the Yay, boy! (Ay) Speak on it! [Kanye West] Ay, ay pimp, it's 'Ye, pimp 40 told me dey fuckin wit me in The Bay, pimp So I'ma, ride down with the do's open (do's open manye) Yeah - that's what'll get the hoes open (hoes open manye) High-inch stilettos wit the toes open (toes open) Yeah - and any haters get they nose broken (ooooh) Now, tell me when to go, tell me where the hoes You told me they was cold, now you act like the don't know like - ...Ummmmmmm (ummmm), Ummmmmm (ummmm) I'ma hit the liquor sto', I'ma be on the low I'ma have my hoodie on (yeah) Call out my name and you know dey gon' go ("Dumb") (Dumb!) You fuckin up my mode manye (mayne) I tell you only call me by my code name (code name) Dey al'edy recognize me from my gold chain (gold chain) The same one I gave Keyshia Cole manye (Cole mayne) Now go duuumb, like Coe on Martin, I'm retarded ('ey!) [Ice Cube] YAY, tell me when to go, niggaz get sick (yeah!) Ice Cube on the mic, fifty-one-fifty (Ha!) Nuttin but a fool, y'all know who wit me (yeah!) A West Coast nigga named E-Fo' Liquor (oooh...) We can drink malt liquor til the party get thicker (uh!) Then I get sicker, and go-go dealer (Ayyyyy!) Rollin thru the bank, doors open manye Freaks on the side, walk hopin mayne that dey can jump in, get a lil' sum-thin (uh) Yo Geronimo, bitch cause I gotta go! (AYY!) Burn rubber, leave it in the streets Leave it them dope-ass Little Jon beats (yeah) (Oooooh!) To make you go berserk 'til it hurts Put in work, if you're scared "Go to Church" (yeah) Shake them dreads nigga, FUCK them feds I'm wit the E-4-Oh! (yea) Tell me when to go.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Ice Cube Album: St. Ides TV Commercial Song: East Meets West Malt Liquor Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: DJ Pooh Scratching Quotes Below]  YEAHH ----> St. Ides ----> DJ Pooh Down with the.. St. Crooked-I-D-E-S ---> Ice Cube St. Ides ----> DJ Pooh Down with the.. with E double ---> Ice Cube [Erick Sermon] It's the E-R-I-C-K Talking about the St. Ides brew Run through a Can or two  Share with my crew this magnificent Plus, it's mellow I'm funded the rust of the commercial  And passed the Mic out to my fellow [Parrish Smith]  No need for a Mic check  Bust it, the beats are set Then grab a forty  Contumely y'all to snap his neck St. Ides!!  Take a sip and wipe your lips Keep my forties getting warm I'm audi, gots to fill [Ice Cube]  Drink it, drink it, drink it  Then I burp, after I slurt Ice Cube, I put in much work With the PMD and the E Drunk it, as a St. Ides brew on the door [Outro: Parrish Smith] Yeah, EPMD and Ice Cube in the house Scratching with him one of the funkiest rhymes... {*censored*} Kick it, kick it, you gots to chill now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Mack 10 Album: The Mix Tape Volume III - 60 Minutes of Funk Song: Mack 10 freestyle Typed by: IcedDown1@aol.com [Ice Cube] Aiyyo, this is Ice Cube the Don Mega. Don't worry about your time zone, get your grind on. 60 Minutes of Funk, Volume 3. Final Chapter, yeah, ya-ay! [Funkmaster Flex] Aight, my man Mack 10 gettin ready to lace all this. [Mack 10] Yo, check it, let the games begin It's all to the good, bust out to the NYC from Inglewood We can all get down, have loot, and get licked So fuck the bi-coastal beef and bullshit It's the nigga that you know is gun-ho Mack one-O, I bust bad bitches in pairs, never one hoe With ?tips? for the real niggas to make it thorough Much love to the East Coast ghettos and the boroughs Like E.F. Hutton, they listen when I'm speakin Poor white trash, black niggas, to Puerto Ricans Mack wanna blast when the index itches Plus I use it to finger bitches and hit switches Check the menu, you need it, I got it Everything, hit records to narcotics Its all about the dough, rain, sleet or snow And the first fool to cross me catch the four-four Then the phats on ?bun?, surprise you with that one And whoever don't like it, fuck em and eat a fat one The to homies in the pen, I'll send you a kite Cause its time for the real niggas to unite Like Funkmaster Flex, you know its all about figures We showed each other love so now Flex is my nigga I remember the day, if it was good you never fought it No matter where you were from if it was bumpin you bought it From East to West Coast, its all the same Its either run the dope game, or do the rap thang Mack 10 keep it gangsta, all the way tight Two heats on my hip, left and right for the fight So with that hoo-bangin life [Funkmaster Flex] Y'knaw mean, cause that's the way we keep it moving, baby.  [Ice Cube] Yeah, Ice Cube, my man Funkmaster Flex, my man Mack 10. It don't stop, The Final Chapter. You know how we do it. [Funkmaster Flex] I still ain't havin it, motherfucker. Aight, look out for that! Aight? Drop that, don't miss it. I'm tired of nigas frontin on me, a lot of nigga frontin on me. Be-atch! Aight. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Chingy, Crooked I, E-40, Ice Cube, Lil' Rob, Paul Wall, Techniec, W.C. Album: Stop Snitchin, Stop Lyin Song: My Lowrider Typed by: skeet2radamus@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro - Chops on the track motherfuckers!] [Chorus - The Game] Cherry 64 (My lowrider) hop in the low low (My my lowrider) Chrome hydraulics, all black impala (My my lowrider, My my lowrider) Three-wheelin the 64 (my lowrider) hop in the low low (My my lowrider) Chrome hydraulics, all black impala (My my lowrider, My my lowrider) [Techniec] I see 'em tryin shine like Tech Cause I shine like I be grinding on the set, got the diamonds on my neck Most talked about when I hit that strip, watch it bounce when I hit that dip Come to close might get that clip, click BANG Don't trip, Tech don't slip, laces up the roll go get my bitch Get my grip, talk my shit, hit my switch and dip Switchin lanes on them Dana Danes, same color as that candy paint Tangerine with (I can't tell the rest cause of E-40) [E-40] I tried to never sober, chalupa, longer then a roller coster Out hear a head a hub a head and do ya for quarter ounce of yollup Venomos snakes, like some cobras, up top is where I'm from We be lettin our nuts hang over our shoulders, figure 8 and go and duck Droppin with all 4 doors open, gassin and brakin and yolkin We hyphy, we stupid valeho, Richmond, Frisco, Oakland We 9ers, we raiders, we some hustlers and some players We've got 64s and low lows, but most of us rider scrapas [Crooked I] Lord forgive me it in me to sent me to tote semi's Grope penny and remy my pockets was so skinny Now I blow pennies on 4 hemi's Run the whole city/hoes, I put dough before any My 6th sense helped me view better cheddar kid I fucks mo hoes then Hugh Heffner ever did That new leather shit the coup hell sick Dude move ahead of who ever cause dude never quit [Chorus - The Game] Cherry 64 (My lowrider) hop in the low low (My my lowrider) Chrome hydraulics, all black impala (My my lowrider, My my lowrider) Three-wheelin the 64 (my lowrider) hop in the low low (My my lowrider) Chrome hydraulics, all black impala (My my lowrider, My my lowrider) [Chingy] Cranberry impala, that's my lowrider Slide by your north sider rider with a hoe driver G'd up from the feet up plus the heat tough Toe game crack the grey goose and spark the weed up When I'm in LA I go in Crenshaw and floss a little Slot a lot thang in that Black Wall Street Double U and P and CPT we keeping it G In our low riders riders riders [Lil' Rob] We put them cracks up on the wall, cucarachas crawl I keep my head up and it wont fall, no not at all I'll break ya jaw like a break the law, leave you all in all The lowrider so low, you won't know what you saw I sit low with a tall can, in a brown bag With a brown rag, bouncing a brown rag With the Mexican flag and the American flag Hitting the fronts and the backs, watching out for the bash [Paul Wall] Home boy, Big T, better know as Tyrone Is the first person I ever seen with a chevy on chrome My parter bought it got the slab, wine berry over gold With screen in the head rest just to let you know we holding I fell in love with it, and I dropped him some cash Now that's me you see flippin slab, riding on glass How much it cost, don't ask, baby just know this I could bought a Benz instead with the money I spent [Chorus - The Game] Cherry 64 (My lowrider) hop in the low low (My my lowrider) Chrome hydraulics, all black impala (My my lowrider, My my lowrider) Three-wheelin the 64 (my lowrider) hop in the low low (My my lowrider) Chrome hydraulics, all black impala (My my lowrider, My my lowrider) [The Game] My 64 sittin on that chrome, chrome glock sitting on my lap 2 hoes ridin in the back, candy paint, nigga fuck with that 3-wheel motion, I'm sitting high, daytonas, that's all we ride Hit that switch its do or die, ride on me that's suicide I be in the hood smoking that green, Dr.Dre know what I mean Swisha sweet and them purple leaves, California, we got that weed black diamonds off in my chain/ ask around nigga know my name Compton own, the rap Lebron James, ridin low, I'm switchin lanes [W.C.) Make that brain splat 30 thang thang clap Know for the game rap with the chrome frame wrap From Harley Davidsons to low lows, we do tip 'em 13 hundred spokes with that blue nibble get the picture Disrespect and I'm draw slugs But ain't no set trippin cause nigga its all love Dub C drop the real on 'em, chevy chrome grill on 'em Posing in the intersection, 3-wheelin on 'em nigga [Ice Cube] Rasberry 64 bring your cherry and we could make a Sunday, come home Monday I'm sittin on the one-way, up on the Boulevard Act hard, put ya thoughts on the dashboard Cause if I come through the hood with the little homie Nobody better fuck with the little homie I hope Compton unite, South Central unit I hope my chrome, and dance with the moon light [Chorus - The Game] Cherry 64 (My lowrider) hop in the low low (My my lowrider) Chrome hydraulics, all black impala (My my lowrider, My my lowrider) Three-wheelin the 64 (my lowrider) hop in the low low (My my lowrider) Chrome hydraulics, all black impala (My my lowrider, My my lowrider) (This has been a Chops production) Artist: The Game f/ Ice Cube Album: L.A.X. Song: State of Emergency Typed by: lanskyelvito@live.nl California ain't a state it's a army! (Verse 1) One fuckin nigga in the projects killin' The same motherfucker that would burn down the villains Where the niggas blunt full of that You know, who gone take you back to Compton In that 64 two door Sub woofers in the trunk kickin' that lethal injection A hood nigga lost with no direction so he bought a black smith & wesson strapped on his vest and that's his protection At the intersection waitin' on the robber cuz in the city of Angels it's all about survival motherfuck the 5-0, They wanna see you DOA, welcome to L.A. Where the ghetto birds flyin over my auntie's and my cuzin's house tell me what they buzzin bout the little homie got smoked on the corner And now his momma cryin', dead in califronia (Chorus) 2x (Ice Cube & The Game) Motherfuckers ain't gone learn Till the chronic blunt don't burn And you can't see nuthin' but the ghetto bird light shinin through the fuckin' palm trees California ain't a state it's a army (Verse 2) Jumped in my impala took a trip to the swap meat The scoop bought EGO trippin and some white T's Cus some niggas in my old hood don't like me time to put the niggas on check, like my Nike's shoulda heard my my nigga Mack 10 on the chirp All I need is me and my bitch If you scared go to church Cuz in Califorinia niggas crack heads for the turf And life ain't nuthin but Teck-9's and dirt Dippin through the the jungles, my escalade hit a dip Here come the gorillas in the mist and they dressed like Ice Cube was in 96 Stone cold jherri curl and not one drip I sleep with the worms before I swim with the fish And I ride with my niggas before I roll witta bitch If it don't make dollars it don't make sense And I almost got shot because I hit a fence (Chorus) 2x (Ice Cube & The Game) (Verse 3) Call the U.S. government and tell em it's a mutherfuckin code red Niggas tried to straight up jack me and now they both dead third little nigga got away on his mo-ped caught him 'round the corner put the beam on his forehead Jumped in the impala then smashed through the light without a one time in sight So I bust a right on Century headed to the L.A.X. where there ain't nuthin but fly bitches and checks In and out of lanes and I almost wrecked Off Brand a nigga in the 600 throwin up his set he must don't know I got the 40 on deck and the tec tryin be shit time to flex it's the third this shit happened to me all day guess it's time to add another dead body to the throw away So I turned down my Spice 1 tape and hit the switch emptied the whole clip in his fuckin face (Chorus) 2x (Ice Cube & The Game) California ain't a state it's a army! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Ice Cube, Trife Diesel Album: GhostDeini the Great Song: Be Easy (Remix) Typed by: Cno Evil "Don't fuck with Ghost, you'll feel sorry" [Chorus: Ghostface Killah] Tell your crew to be easy, niggaz run around With them fake frowns, sell 'em on eBay Get word to the DJ, tell 'em Staten Island's In the house, put the record on replay [Ghostface Killah] Colorful kicks and my closet like Baskin-Robbins Central Park killings, stab niggas while they jogging No shirt on, whilin' like I sniffed the eight At the ball game, jumped down and stole the base Some muthafuckas said it was bass Silly me, thought it was a 12 by 12 inch Colombian snowflake Mob Jacob slow cut 8 six, the semi have Niggas running like Forrest when he broke his braces, pa Scold a nigga like a pile of hot chocolate Before I eat her, I belong on a bitch cartridge Niggas kill me potraying that hard shit Shove his face in the dirt like an ostrich On some mob shit, no talking, like we resolve shit Stretch a nigga out like an enlarged dick That's one for you, one-two for me I'm hoggin' and shit, y'all muthafuckas best to be easy [Interlude: Ice Cube] The pyroclastic flow, you know the side, bitch You know the side, bitch, huh, ah [Ice Cube] Fuck you, if you don't think I get money I get it all day, standing in the hallway On broadway, bitches wanna call Shea Over to the car, but hoe, I'm the superstar Get your ass out, fuck if you pass out Walk over to ya man, pull the cash out Put it in my hand, watch a nigga mash out Walk back to your car, with your ass out Fuck a ghostwriter, nigga down wit Ghostface I'm a killa, wit that chrome in ya face Blow ya face back, turn you into a ghost Hit you like Kenny hit Casper on the post West coast, ya hoe, ya gotta love it It's Ice Cube, yea, bitch, I got it covered I got a movie for ya kids, a dick for your bitch A four-five slug for your wig They wanna put me out the league like Terrell Til they CD smokin' double barrels Ice Cube, will fuck off movie money Then serve you on the mic, and make whitey feel funny [Interlude: Ghostface Killah] Yeah... what's happpening New York City? It's ya boy Ghost in the muthafuckin' house tonight ("Don't fuck with Ghost, you'll feel sorry") Nahwhatimean? We about to get it popping, let's go! Yo! Yo! [Ghostface Killah] Get your nose blowned off by the fifth, uh You wanna be there, layin' all stiff, uh Everytime you go uptown, you get jipped, uh That's karma, boy, running your lip, uh You be fronting like you got a bunch of chicks, uh You be at home, nigga, beating your dick, uh I'm in the club with the chipped up wrist, uh You at the bar, whoadie, drinkin' my piss, uh The yellow shit, and the bottle ain't Crys', son You turned your muthafuckin' head, nigga, we switched 'em You just mad cause I'm hittin' your sister You in the other room, huh, you couldn't sleep, uh Pop a lotta shit without that liquor, yup We mind seat up, so take our picture I'm like the boogeyman, nigga, I'll get ya Whether now or later, afterlife, or switcher [Interlude: Ghostface Killah] Yeah, oh shit, aiyo Tone hurry up and get 'em, nigga You knowhatimean, it's about to pop off! Ya'll niggaz clear the fucking floor Get the fuck out the way, come on! [Trife Diesel] (Ghostface Killah) {both} Yo, it's Tone in the building (the teams in the building) Niggaz wanna beef {what up, what up, what up} We packed to the ceiling (we constantly chilling) We can cause {we could, we shoot, we slice, we cut} [Ghostface Killah] Shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yam, shimmy yea, now Yes, my birthday, landed in nay, now Peace to Dirt Dog, I'm back like deja vu Leave your girl around me, I will bag your boo Ahh, you bitch niggaz better listen up Anybody front, paramedics gonna pick 'em up They try to save you, sware to God, I hit the nurse up Like "Nah, doc, he look better in a herse truck" I tried to ignore it, his people saw it I ain't the type of dude you go to war with My polo gun yo, will crack the floor shit When the heat's on, you know I draw it I had his number down, Toney just called it [Outro: Ghostface Killah] Yeah, that's right I like to thank y'all for coming out tonight How y'all like that shit? Youknowhatimean? You really run New York This is that Theodore shit, muthafucker! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Insane Clown Posse f/ Ice Cube, Scarface Album: Mike E. Clark's Extra Pop Emporium Song: Chris Benoit (Kuma's Scrub Club Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] A catastrophic demise (A catastrophic demise){4X} Unmeasurable regrets (Unmeasurable regrets) {2X} [Violent Jay] Shit builds up, fills up Too much goes over board (What the fuck am I doing?!) Oh Lord, pressure stored  Ex-PLODED, unloaded (What the fuck am I doing?!) I had to, it's really too bad, too Went cuckoooooo! (Gone mad dude)  Grab at and STAB fools!! (Who knew?) Sad news (What the fuck am I doing?!) I-I I-I-I I, broke It took some time, slow poke I finally gave way, went under deep (Don't float) No longer steering, choosing On-on-on autopilot cruisin-n-n Haywire, crash, virus Pull your tongue out with pliers, CHRIS BENOIT!! No longer steering (No longer steering) Lost all control (Lost all control) Manipulation (manipulation), it won't let me go! (won't let me go) The pain exploded (the pain exploded), the pressure burst (the pressure burst) I drop the wheel (I drop the wheel), headed for the worst! (for the worst) Headed for the worst (I'm Chris Benoit) {The Crippler}  Headed for the worst! (for the worst) Headed for the worst (I'm Chris Benoit) {The Crippler} Headed for the worst! [Ice Cube] Crazy, yeah.. You're playin Tic Tac Toe wit a tickin, timebomb Y'all mother-FUCKERS don't know what his mind's on (Pressure) Make him hard as a dia-mond Sinner sinner 'bout to get his fuckin crime on Y-Y-Y-Yep-yep, he was liked by the neighbors This motherfucker got 31 favors (The World's Best Dad) They say he's the greatest But a drunk-ass hoe when you see him out in Vegas ..He's acting rather odd This motherfucker's gettin sick of the faade and workers takin losses And if you didn't know, he's got horrible bosses {BOSSES, bosses} So what's the diagnosis? When you can't sleep and you start hearin voices {voices, voices} He's got too many chores Might kill his whole family, MIGHT KILL YOURS! [Shaggy 2 Dope] Strobelight, let go! Hold tight Wake up to this, cold sight You did this! This YOU! (What the fuck am I doing?!) You got issues What happened? Shit, I'm snappin All bloody, myself I'm slappin One day, all the sudden it all became too much, wouldn't it? YES-S-S-SS, finally released (What the fuck am I doing?!) Unleash the beast Eject my controller  (What the fuck am I doing?!) Took me over Ha-Ha-Had to - it's really too bad, too Went cuckoooooo! (Gone mad dude)  Grab at and STAB fools!! (Who knew??) Sad news, I'M CHRIS BENOIT!!! [Scarface] We can die tonight, I don't give a fuck-fuck Push that button, I'ma blow shit up Fuck the world, kill the kids Fuck the courtroom, I ain't finsta live What I'm hearin here is Satan's voice Then I {?}, make ya choice Blood on my hands, I can taste your pain Head's so open I can pick your brain Shit then change, love bizarre Don't we all want to love a star? Well here I are, stab ya pick-pick-pick But after this, I'm stick his bitch And stick his bitch!! AND STICK HIS BITCH!! Ever seen a man mad? Well, this is it (Hahaha!) What's in my head? I'm a zombie now At the end of the act, we can all take bow [Outro] On any given night I can take you out, permanently Because life is about pain I'm The Crippler, Chris Benoit A catastrophic demise (A catastrophic demise) {4X} Headed for the worst {The Crippler} (Unmeasurable regrets) Headed for the worst! (Unmeasurable regrets) Headed for the worst {The Crippler} (Unmeasurable regrets) Headed for the worst! (Unmeasurable regrets) {The Crippler, Th-th-the Crippler} Unmeasurable regrets (Unmeasurable regrets) {2X} Artist: Jayo Felony f/ E-40 and Ice Cube Album: Whatcha Gonna Do Song: J.A.Y.O. Typed by: bootycall911@hotmail.com Jayo: What, what, what, what? To all my niggas and females who don't  give a mad ass fuck: Get your shit, cause we ride tonight! Any  questions? We just against y'all oppressors. So all you house niggers  stay in the motherfucking house. Cause y'all ain't got no business  outside anyway. E-40: E-40, Ice Cube and Jayo Felony E-40, Ice Cube on my 619 doing my work The Super Bowl was at San Diego Sitting back with Felony, Jayo I ride high speed and shoot-outs with the fedder (fedder) 25 worth of ledda, nicknamed Bambayona Belted like the rifleman Call me Chuck O'Conner Gliding, heading towards Mexico Sliding, with an empty bottle of X.O. Riding dept play for kept find out where they slept Scotch taped to the neck Slid on out like a vet Big old, gigantic West Coast niggas tripping on they set Underbuckets, new toys, looking out for the Elroys Decoys, d-boys, searching for destroys Cocaine for the bitch made Heart pumping cool-aid Sorrow but Simple Simon ass niggas that call theyselves timin' Dictionary rhymin, Princess Kadymin Pay me no mind and 25 worth a day grinding Clockwork, all about my dirt calls D.J. your party because I got scratch like Red Alert Chorus 2x (Jayo Felony):  We just against y'all oppressors so don't try to oppress me/Hold me down  and arrest me/Causing me problems and stress me/Why these punks wanna  test me?/Why these punks wanna test me?/Why these jealous motherfuckers  wanna stress me and test me?  Jayo Felony: Picture about me rolling through the country With a spaceship on gold D's, taking over the world Scooping up violator parollees, smoking hash and chronic And I'm looking loc'd out in my chucks Cube right behind me, throwing Westside up! Not giving a feez-nuck! What? I'm crushing my competition And you'll soon find out if you're dissing Come along!, from the bay to the S.D., We stay on a mission My destination in this game is to have the whole world love me >From geri-curl and go-tee and have them stop the Old E. My 3 wheels and my g's and your supposed to check out my melody Trying to get a salary, hoe give me celery Fool, I'm Jayo Felony Never stay hungry like my thugs and my hustlers Throwing high signing and I'm touching ya Put em in my zone and my mold When I explode, no time to reload >From yo God, to word up, loc, we got it sewed With the E and the W, slanging them over the boulder shoulders Much love to the north and the south Let's take this over Navigators and Range Rovers, don't test me! Ice Cube: Uh, uh, uh, uh Ice Cube forever, bigger and deffer Fuck the oppressor Possessor of a mini 14 behind my dresser Faze one, blaze one, the representation of my nation It's Jay one on the spray gun springing leaks In your physique, got nines on you as we speak Laughing loud as we eat You fucking geek in a wire Test the fire attire That ass, go through the broken glass Niggas mash and ask, I'm the last emporer The temperature, heated, remain undefeated We waited, we greeted by the motherfucking law In the south they say "Get out the fucking car" It's raw, E-40's lyrics fucking caviar I believe these dirty pigs know who we are If they pull something start dumping Don't say nothing And if they show it on real t.v., my niggas love it Chorus 2x E-40: See, there it is there. So be it. And you better know it. E-40  Fonzarelli aka Charlie Hustle, that nigga Ice Cube and my big potna out  the San Die..San Die..San Di-leggo my motherfucking eggo bitch! Jayo  Felony. We slide out in a luxurious ass Winnebago, Winnebago,  biiootch!! Perkin, up in this ho, nigga. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kam f/ Ice Cube Album: Neva Again Song: Watts Riot Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kam] God damn devils, done finally made they move on South Los Angeles In Watts, the shots don't quit And in Compton we got the same shit Damn pigs is puttin in straight work Murderin blacks and just smirk Ain't nothin but another day at the office So now it's damn near illegal to be a negro So do I make a run for the border? Or - fuck Bush, and his "New World Order" The law is the straw that broke the camel's back Just one more punk attack on the black, and now the shit is on (Peel his cap and I'm gone!) Oh yeah See now all hell is finna break loose And Uncle Tom ain't got no juice Nigga shoulda been down from the start but he ain't had a heart, for another Watts riot [Kam] So we done lost all patience (Man fuck police investigations!) See we gon' handle this right, tonight (We're tearin up everything in fuckin sight!) And I ain't got a damn thing to lose So the news gon' have they hands full Not to mention the police, fool No justice, no peace It's a eye for a eye, so don't even try and speak on how blacks, should turn the other cheek To hell with all y'all devils Ain't no love losses for no white crosses So what y'all know about this interpretation with your college education? Y'all best just keep quiet and get your ass ready for this next Watts riot [Ice Cube] Straight pandemonium! Niggaz I'm with nutty Mr. Macgillicuddy done got, got And I'm tossin more cocktails loc 'Til the whole fuckin block smell like smoke Black folks are loc'n, no jokin Yo Kam, grab the coke and choke 'em Make sure that somethin is broken and then you can smoke him (c'mon) Got a clip on the news of me with a TV and I don't give a fuck who done seen me Fightin the police with my peers With head and shoulders, and no more tears And they can't stop me Cause, I'm eatin more crackers than Polly For the Jack that smoked the black I gotta do the right thing for you and Rodney King Burn down his market But then you claim, Ice Cube had to spark it Puttin Beverly Hills in fear Cause Hollywood burnt down last year So if you throw me Ozzie and Harriet I fuck around and bury it, huh Ain't makin the hood look shitty Watts riot, insert your city motherfucker! [Kam] The whole city is on fire And now it's down to the wire Time to call for a national emergency Cause white folk goin up in smoke Too fast, they ass is out before they know it So when I light this cocktail, Cube throw it And make sure that it reach Yeah motherfucker, that's for Howard Beach And Brother Olivert X, so what's next with y'all punk-ass cowards? Each of us bring fo' devils and let's get this over with, yeah, no shit We ain't worried about dyin (Man I think you better give up man) Nah I ain't even tryin I'd rather go out fightin But let y'all tell it I'm incitin a Watts riot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Deadly Threat, Ice Cube Album: Tha Triflin' Album Song: A Hoe B-4 Tha Homie Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Yo nigga, let's go scoop up some of these hoes at the 'Paradise', man Hey man, ah - I'm engaged now, man What? I'm engaged To that bitch? Aw man, don't be talkin about my woman like that Oh, now you're gon' trip on me Wait, wait, hold up, hold up [ VERSE 1: King Tee ] How you gon' go and put a hoe before me? When I'm the one that helped your broke ass on the streets 'Damn, I'm starvin, what you got to eat? I'm short, I need a place to sleep' Oh, but amnesia, that damn skeezer Made you forget who was down witcha I thought birds of a feather flock together And don't a damn thing change but the weather But now I know the real, I guess I had it all wrong We used to hit the Ides until the shit was all gone Where was she when you needed niggas off your ass And who'd you come to get to go blast? Not that once-a-month-bleedin, always on her knees Suckin every Tom, Dick and Harry like a berry I seen her with a trick at the Motel 6 And you still tryin to get that bitch Afro Fix She got you by the nuts, playin with your wiener Wrapped around her finger when the last time you seen her Well, when you do, bust her lip And if you don't, you'se a bitch So sit down when you piss, muthafucka (It's a shame, but it ain't no thang to me) --> Deadly Threat [ VERSE 2: Deadly Threat ] The bitch got you gone, talkin on a phone Tellin muthafuckas when you see me, it's on But little do he know that she a zero And I'm still her favorite superhero See, I got the 411 on a hoe Just like I was tellin you before You're just a piece of the mission Guess where her lips been? I told you don't be kissin, but you don't listen [ King Tee ] Yeah, Jaws (Jaws) Jaws the only hoe I ever saw That could suck a basketball through a straw She don't like niggas with Nissan trucks Unless they got the monster bumps [ Deadly Threat] That's right, honey, bunny's money-hungry And she'll frame ya, she's out to getcha Get the picture, cause the bitch'll Take you for a long-ass ride like the hitcher So don't be surprised if they find you in a ditch With your guts hangin out lookin like Top Ramen And when I see the bitch, I'm bombin Cause she's a false tenderony, plus tossed balony And she ain't your home, she's a hoe Don't put a hoe before the homie (Hey yo bitch, you better tell em) --> Ice Cube [ VERSE 3: Ice Cube ] Who's wearin the pants, who's wearin the pants, nigga? If you ask me, I think that her dick is bigger Than your little dick, and I'm tellin you, Jay The bitch got you locked down like Pelican's Bay Now I told you if you fuck with the hoe She's guaranteed to have you trippin And me and you set-trippin I told my muthafuckin crew To kidnap the hoe, and they came back with you [ King Tee ] I can't fade a nigga that's bitch-made Kool-Aid pumpin, tell a bitch somethin She'll have your ass cookin dinner While she's lettin every nigga in her hood run up in her [ Ice Cube ] Got you runnin like Bruce Ginner, and the hoe be Pussy-whippin your ass like Toby Now you act like you don't know me Only a mark'll put a hoe before the homies Word - this muthafucka is different Yeah Tell me your secret Not just any secret Just answer one question for me, baby Do you love me? I love you Very, very, very, very much Baby Can I come pick you up and take you shoppin? Spend all my money... I love you I love you Don't put a hoe before the homie The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Ice Cube Album: The Triflin Album Song: King Tee's Beer Stand * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash *  this song was originally a St. Ide's Malt Liquor commercial   it's appearance on promotional St. Ide's mixtapes caused   public outcry, and both the tape and the commercial were pulled [King Tee] Now step up, to the King Tee's beer stand And let me know what beer is grand No no wait, I got somebody that might convince ya Hold up hold up wait [Ice Cube] Once again it's on, I'm goin out the front do' Ice Cube in the glass house, headed for the sto' To get a beer that's better than the rest The S-T-Period-I-D-E-to-the-S And it'll put hair on your chest In the black can, so won'tcha grab a six pack and Get your girl in the mood quicker Get your jimmy thicker, with St. Ide's Malt Liquor [King Tee] Hold up hold up So when you get a forty, roll to the spot Hug and kiss your girl and screw the cap off the top And get a taste of the beer that makes you tingle And just remember that jingle [singers] Here's something that sweepin the nation by surprise It's that fabulous malt liquor they call St. Ide's The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Ice Cube, MC Breeze Album: At Your Own Risk Song: Played Like a Piano Typed by: OHHLA.com [King Tee] King Tee's drunk again. Yo, check this out: awww shit, aw shit I wanna dedicate this song to all them motherfuckers out there that-that-that-that-that-that-that (not again) perpentratin'...perpetratin'... perpin' tratin' Wait, rewind (eh but yo...King Tee, man, what is this? What is this?) Some cool shit for the King's anthology and when I'm done, don't expect no apology Stupid motherfuckers shoulda stepped when I warned 'em I'm from the Boondocks of Compton, California I'm just anxious to whoop some ass I went to high school, but I flunked every class So what makes you think I give a fuck about respect? I'll put your bitch in check, and I'll bet you won't run up, son of a punk and a bitch, too I shoulda did a drive by on you and your crew Cuz ya'll be poppin' some shit that's unheard of For you, what's the word? Uh...(wack!)...it's murder, son When I be crushin' your hood with a passion and I ain't talkin' that Action Jackson When I come you better run for ammo or get played like a fuckin' piano.. And yo, we got my homeboy Ice Cube in the house from the motherfuckin' Lench Mob (what's up, nigga?) and yo Ice Cube, I heard you're a singer now man what's up? Yo, yo... [Ice Cube] Do-Ray-Me. But I don't sing, mothafucker I kick shit with the King, mothafucker Ice Cube will clock the cash, rock the mass and if you run up, I'll sock your ass And watch that eye get swollen cuz I'm playin' punk niggas like Beethoven So bust a cap or swing and die Fuck Yul Brynner, it's still The King and I Cuz where I'm from the sun don't shine so One-Time hope I only bust one rhyme But I bust one more for the suckers last year I was Ruthless, now I'm Lenchin' mothafuckers And you'll see in a tree, MCs and crews Now they're lookin' for me, King Tee, and Pooh Now every nigga that crossed me's soprano cuz I played their ass like a fuckin' piano.. [King Tee] Yo, check this out, we got my homeboy Breeze in the motherfuckin' house from the L.A. Posse, and he got some shit to holler Come on, man, bust this shit [MC Breeze] Well, I'm-a take the mic like it was a jack move Run with the beat as long as the track grooves Hot as lava, organized like a seminar serve you, your crew, him, and them and a couple of rap-saps who think they can get butt You slipped and shit, so nitwit, just get the nuts Killin' your high hopes, watchin' you write notes better walk a chalk line, not fuckin' a tightrope Rap slicker, thicker, quicker than others, then I stop swift Shift from 1st to 5th, while you stop to shoplift Take the mic stand whenever the duty calls if I bust a nut for every rhyme I had, I'd get blue balls Serious as drama, I'm-a watch her say "Me too." You're shorter than Michu, your rhymes are see-through You're nothin' like GQ, transparent, I made it apparent I'm here to wax and tax the incoherent Cuz B-R-E-E-Z-E will eas-i-ly re-main to be-e a top MC When you see me, I wear a beanie, and not a Kangol Now you got played, like a fuckin' piano [King Tee] This is just a sample of three black Nig-roes who grew up in the heart of the ghetto Doin' what we had to just to make ends meet some steal for a livin', some stand on the street just slang. Some gang-bang, but big deal They say in Compton, you gotta kill or get killed Mothafuckin' police pull ya over, slam ya down then tell ya that your hood is their town And I ain't goin' for no shit like that; cuff me up, take me to jail, I'll come back Talkin' much shit, cuz I talk what the fuck I feel a few weeks in the county ain't no big deal So a punk like you can't fuck with me that big ballin'-ass nigga named King Tee You think ya can? I don't think that you can, though Peace to Ice Cube and Breeze, and the fuckin' piano The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kool G Rap and DJ Polo f/ Geto Boys, Ice Cube Album: Live and Let Die Song: Two to the Head Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Scarface laughing in background] "Ladies and gentlemen...  Ladies and gentlemen... let's get together  and give a great big round of applause to  to a new group..." [Scarface laughing so loud sample is obscured] Ahhhhhhhhhhhh shit Scarface is on the mix So yo, suck a nigga dick Or make a nigga rich, or somethin, BITCH See I come from the place known as the South Park Zone Talkin shit ain't into clickin take your punk ass home Cause I'm the type of nigga that'll chuck Hit you in the chest with a motherfuckin tec and watch you jump So die motherfuckers die motherfuckers die Look deep into the eyes of a killer smokin, fry One nigga you can't fuck wit Cause I'm a born killer with the mind of a lunatic So bring in bodybags when I start bangin Cause I'm leavin motherfuckers laid out, with they brains hangin Straight gettin down for mine And I'll fuck up a bitch, cause I don't mind dyin So feel me drill me, put a bullet in my head, but yo You can't kill me, cause I'm already dead Scarface goin psycho, yeah Play pussy get fucked and take two to your head [Bushwick Bill] I'm Bushwick Bill, but call me Chuckie 5th Ward hard bitch, play hero and buck me Cause I'm known to pull your skull out Grip a motherfucker by his neck and gouge his fuckin eyes out I'm insane by a longshot, hey Chuckwick Bill, a.k.a. Charles Libre A short nigga with some lonnnnng nuts Drop you dead in your bed now I'm ready for a long fuck Necromance that ass for a minute And split that motherfuckin click when I'm finished You punk bitches be retreatin Freddy and Jason runnin home with their mouths bleedin So welcome to the Slaughterhouse trance 5th Ward Texas Chuckie's Concentration Camp You punk motherfuckers fled And those who didn't make it got two to the fuckin head [Ice Cube] Buck him down, buck him down, come again Two to the chin, Ice Cube'll blast they ass til the end With my pistol, runnin from Da Lench Mob is How You Survive in South Central Kick the instrumental, run and get your bigger crew Cause it's Judgment Day, and Ice Cube is Terminigga 2 Pow pow buck buck pow buck Your name is Stucky Mack, now you realize that you're fucked Two to the brain I leave a migraine Have you coolin like a vegetable, but you're not edible It's the incredible, buck your ass from head to toe Audi 5000, don't wait for the Feds to show Cause they'll have me go up up the river Where the white boys'll try to make a nigga walk, walk the plank, got the shank, hide the tape around the handle, gotta let em know what I stand for In the chow line, now is the time See the trustee, walk up from behind Real quick shank shank, leave his ass red Motherfucker dead, from two to the head [Kool G Rap] See where I come from the crime rate only rises The murderers disguise in all ages shapes and sizes Bitches picked up and dicked up, niggaz they gettin stuck up Give up what you got, or get your ass shut the fuck up Run em down and gun em down yeah that's how we do it Niggaz get killed, and then filled with embalmin fluid Step to the niggaz that I'm checkin Pull out the tec and I reckon you'll get murdered in a second Bang with the nine, boom with the pow Motherfuckers are fallin and crawlin on the ground Snitches get stitches, bitches that act snotty inside the parties even the hotties get turned to bodies Now I heard, they got other places that's similar But I represent, New York you fuck around I'm killin ya A whole block of cops patrollin when I'm rollin And if my pockets are swollen you know somebody sick I've stolen Yeah you niggaz get ripped, when my clip, goes in the S-M-I-T-H W-E-Double-S-O-N Or the reliable revolver And like I said before, it's the motherfuckin problem solver So bring it on nigga, get brave It's plenty motherfuckers gettin sent to early graves Cause when a nigga gets fed Then all you motherfuckers get two to the fuckin head The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Korn f/ Ice Cube Album: Follow the Leader Song: Children of the Korn Typed by: frzarektah@hotmail.com (I)- Ice Cube (J)- Jonathan Davis from KoRn (I)- Attention all parents, report to your local therapist report to your local Church, report to your local Police Department i'ts going down... (J)- Glaring into my sons eyes reveals a pain I felt her in the day (I)- Insanity (J)- It was all about the pussy, if you can get it a little girl like me never fucking liked it (I)- We ain't taking no more, We ain't taking no more, Go! (J)- So save me(stop fucking with me), my eyes,(stop fucking with me)  and the children are (stop fucking with me)born You feel it through me(stop fucking with me)my eyes(stop fucking with  me)you're the children of the KoRn... (I)- Sparking skunk in the alley makin noise with the double pump Bring your boys to the party we can double up Double rowdy, double 'bout it, hard core T & A, fucking bitches major Catch me if you can Fuck the law with my dick in my hand, we coming through Generation triple X, we all about the weed smoke and the kinky sex Nigga what?  (J)-So save me (yeah) my eyes, and the children are born You(stop fucking with me) feel it through me(stop fucking with me), my  Eyes(stop fucking with me) we're the children of the(stop fucking with  Me) KoRn... Cold a bag my life, then I got it so bored, its so pretty like me (I)- Insanity  (J)- go figure, once a fag, now a player, Baptized and born, I'm the children of the KoRn (I)- (children of the korn,(2x)) I'm the first born Fuck authority, hit your ass in the head with my forty You're gonna see more of me after school You better run to your car Class clown already know I'm a star The children of the KoRn was born  >From your porn ass twisted ass ways Now you look amazed I'm sittin in a daze In a purple haze you'd better check my pulse, Cuz nothing seems to phaze, Bitch! (J)-Boom bap boom boom boom bap(4x) (I)- Children of the KoRn chidren of the KoRn, Yay-eeh-ay-ee!(2x)  (J)- Look and see I feel the parents hating me (I)-(hurtin me, you hurtin me) (J)- why do'nt you step outside, and feel me (I)- (Feel me feel me) How you gonna tell me where to skate, who to date How to fuck, how to kiss, who to love, who to dis How to live, what it is, somethings got to give Parents or the kids, it won't be the kids, It won't be the kids We're talking shit cuz life is a bitch, you know it is Everybody's tring to get rich, god damn  All i wanna do is live(9x)  (J)- All i want to do(3x) is Live (I)- Stop fucking with me, Beatch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Jon f/ Bun B, Ice Cube, Jadakiss, Nas, T.I. Album: Crunk Juice Song: Grand Finale Typed by: The_Streets_Disciple@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist {*SIREN sounds*} [Intro: Lil' John talking] "Yeeeeah! (Yeeeeah!) It's been a long journey getting' to this motherfuckin' point of this Crunk Juice shit. (What?!) But we done got to the last motherfuckin' song niggaz (Last shit niggaz!) And I got five of the hottest motherfuckin' emcees in the world, givin' you that gangsta shit! IT'S THE MOTHERFUCKIN' GRAND FINALE!!!!!!" [Verse 1: Bun B] We growin' doja in the basement in that underwater garden (Okay) When hereon in the bank shed, dry it 'til it harden Make it hash up in the oven (Man), put yayo in the hot plate Drain and dry in the freezer, it's obvious we got weight I said hard work, that's soft work even with wet work Built-in clientele so we ain't gotta network (Let's go) We always got work, so we ain't gotta get work And if you ain't gettin' your work from us you bound to get jerked We yayo experts, we been whippin' the yola since the crackas decided to take the coke from Coca-Cola Hold the rollers, the king of the Trill The underground as well, you can step in the ring when you feel Nigga just sound the bell Can't sound the heaters in this game, but the grind I'm lovin' Nigga we passed all that pushin', man it's time for shovin' I got the mask, I got the strap, soon as I find the gloves We gonna start exposin' off like Farhrenheit 9/11 [Verse 2: Jadakiss] I'ma speak clearly 'cause I don't think they hearin' me A nigga only fear's gettin' charged with conspiracy I'ca get it right to ya, sticky green white to ya Wear whatever you want, bullets goin' right through ya If you stressin' to get buried My niggaz'll send you back to the essence in a hurry Sippin' Crunk Juice, blowin' Dutchies in the Chevy Try to figure me out dawg, I'm light but I'm heavy Yellow lemonheads in the bezzie of the presi' And yeah, anybody'ca rock but D-Block rock steady (D-Block!) FED's don't need no warrants 'cause y'all all informants So I get higher than New York insurance Try to keep shit clean like Florence Moved on up on the East side 'cause I never lost endurance And it's all real niggaz, if I ever get a license to carry Shit, that's a license to kill niggaz [Verse 3: T.I.] I refuse to lose, I rather give these weak dudes the blues And separate them from they jewels, teach 'em don'ts and do's I raise tools, make crews make decisions confused All spectators can say is, "This lil' nigga's a fool" A short fuse with some loose screws, some unscrewed Better prove, you niggaz pussy as the Moulan Rouge So who guardin' who, you know who to you know what To you know where, goin' 'gainst 'em's too unfair 'Cause everywhere you do a show he got kinfolk there Now you know I ain't no ?, I got ten folk there They ain't powerful as the one at the end of your prayer Got you runnin' for your life without a minute to spare Catch you dead to the granite, melt the grease in your hair When I go, them boys is gonna be indecent affair Guarantee you nah a real nigga breathin' accounted At your funeral, just your parents and the preacher was there Hollow, television name-dropper reachin' for help So I ain't gotta say a word, pimp you beatin' ya'self You gon' get what you deserve for disrespectin' the game Any nigga with the nerve to say another man name When that other man ain't even present And deny it when somebody ask him about it That nigga's a lame, you like to lie on the mic Hide behind fame, I was a G when I came That's the way I remain [Verse 4: Nas] Who besides the Egyptian-walker, fuckers have a conniption My existence persistent to bring foes misfortune I dazzle 'em, like the alderman, Billy Dee in Mahogany, minus the perm From the tiniest sperm that the mightiest The Almighty can muster Project prophet, chronic blockage gives Alzheimer's to youngsters Amongst them is me, can't remembers my beefs With who? For what? They screw-face me up, my boo laced me up Bolinsiaga, flimsy condo with bimbos in south of Kalan Gro in pimp mode The inf' glow on his clothes and you know it's over Hammer hit pin, pin hit shell, from the shell the slug gonna chew ya Try not to lose me, I try not to lose'ya Mamma say mamma sa mu makasa, fly to Cuba To chill with some politi-kill niggaz who ill 'Cause y'all niggaz are losers, don't get comfortable nigga Say hello to Mr. Bad Guy, get that cash par, I'm the last don You'll ever know so, here you go y'all can take these thoughts Anyway I'm chargin' emcees a late fee cost So when y'all done with my style, please break me off But never make Nas mad just in case cross 'Cause ah, lately y'all don't make me happy To calm my nerve I need the herb GNC don't carry [Verse 5: Ice Cube] Who the fuck is that? It's Ice Cube motherfucka He's a maniac, no I'ma fool motherfucka Old school motherfucka, blow through a motherfucka What you heard about a nigga so true motherfucka See I'm ugly and prettay, I'm polished and grittay Shoot better than that nigga that tried to kill 50 See, niggaz get shittay when I come to their cittay When I hit the spot that bitch they like -- she cummin' with me Cause I got an ego big as TO, but I'm not an Eagle Bitch, I roll with Rigo 'cause gangstas don't dance we boogie I told you motherfuckas Kobe didn't take that pussy Get money, get paid, you can beat that shit Even if the DA is a piece'a shit Colorado got movatos, don't eat that shit Another White bitch lyin' on thee Black dick I keep it flippin' like flapjacks, pimpin' like black 'Lacs Give niggaz flashbacks, they sweaty as ass cracks When I hit the tar mat, it feel like a carjack Niggaz get out and vanish like Star Treks So fuckin incredible, I'm so fuckin' credible No matter what happen, I'll never turn federal And that's my report comin' straight from Cali Ice Cube is the shit on this motherfuckin' Grand Finale The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Jon & the Eastside Boyz f/ Ice Cube Album: Crunk Juice Song: Real Nigga Roll Call Typed by: BiggStarr03@aol.com [Lil Jon talking] Yeah! Right about now (whats up) It's time for the real nigga role call Now when you hear your city or state being called You put your motherfuckin' middle finger up in this bitch ATL, St. Louis, Alabahma, Chicago, The Carolina's, Nep Town DC, The Bay Area, VA, Miami, New York niggaz, Texas, you know! [hook] [Lil Jon](Ice Cube) Y'all niggaz can't fuck wit my niggaz ho! [4X] (Pussy Nigga) [chorus] [Lil Jon and Ice Cube] Motherfuck that nigga! [4X] Motherfuck that bitch! [4X] [Lil Jon] Y'all bitches! Come on flexin' ass flauntin' ass niggaz! My niggaz! Be some real ass trill ass niggaz! Your niggaz! Be some ho ass pussy ass niggaz! My niggaz! Be some head-bustin' gangsta ass niggaz! Your niggaz! Be some runnin' and scary ass niggaz! My niggaz! Be some Roy Jones beat ya ass niggaz! Your niggaz! Be some cake and handcuffin' ass niggaz! My niggaz! Be some "Send them hoes out!" niggaz! Your niggaz! Be some tricking "Don't pay them hoes!" ass niggaz! My niggaz! Be some Don Juan pimpin' ass niggaz! Your niggaz! Be some 22 havin' ass niggaz! My niggaz! Be some chopper street sweepin' ass niggaz! Your niggaz! Them ol' half ounce sellin' ass niggaz! My niggaz! Be some dirty bird movin' ass niggaz! Your niggaz! Be some kissin' security ass ass niggaz! My niggaz! Fuck them hoes and let 'em know ass niggaz! [Hook] - 4X [Chorus] - 4X [Ice Cube] See I'ma mean nigga Yous afraid nigga Ol' pretend nigga Smile and grin nigga I hate a false nigga Diana Ross nigga So if ya lost nigga Meet the boss nigga He's a super nigga Wit a groupa nigga Act stupid nigga I'll fuckin' nuke the nigga Cause yous a happy nigga And I'm a nappy nigga Fuckin' scrappy nigga Meet ya pappy nigga Its Ice Cube nigga And Lil' Jon nigga So if ya drunk nigga Keep it crunk nigga Til' you punk nigga Feel the bump nigga Get yo testifying ass in the trunk nigga You wanna tell nigga I'll dump a shell nigga Send a frail nigga Straight ta hell nigga Thats ya shelter nigga "Heltah-a-Skelta" nigga And when I belt a nigga They ain't helpin' nigga! [hook] - 4X [chorus] - 4X [Lil Jon Talking] Yeah! I see you and your lil click up in the club nigga I see y'all niggaz over there talkin' that shit But you know what nigga Bitch niggaz get dealt wit motherfuckin' real quick! [Ice Cube] Here we come boy Real niggaz shoot ta kill betta run boy Or you can tell me how I feel as a Real nigga Which nigga Go get a bitch nigga No better Hoes better do what I say Cause I'm "Insane in the Brain" Bitch I got Rick James in my veins Real niggaz never change We just let it bang Roll thru the gutter lane Daddy said let 'em hang And cut 'em like its butter mayne Skeet skeet skeet - naw that's the other mayne Cause my skeet never leak out this rubber manye T&A ain't worth a niggaz DNA That crazy bitch'll have ya ass off E&J Fake niggaz got these real bitches bein gay Til my peoples come around it's like night and day Now she wanna change her God and the way she pray Authentic niggaz all know thats the playa way [hook] - 4X [chorus] - 4X [Lil Jon] We runnin this bitch Y'all niggaz ain't shit We runnin this bitch Y'all niggaz ain't shit We in the club gettin' crunk You in the club gettin' stomped We in the club gettin' crunk You in the club gettin' stomped We in the hood on the block You in the hood gettin' shot We in the hood on the block You in the hood gettin' shot We quick ta show you what we bout You quick to run ya fuckin' mouth We quick ta show you what we bout You quick to run ya fuckin' mouth Real niggaz from the east And we act a fucking beast Real niggaz from the east And we act a fuckin beast We gangsta niggaz from the west Puttin' holes in ya vest We gangsta niggaz from the west Puttin' holes in ya vest My midwest niggaz hard Quick ta pull ya fuckin' card My midwest niggaz hard Quick ta pull ya fuckin' card And down south we set if off Blow ya fuckin' face off And down south we set if off Blow ya fuckin' face off (real nigga role call!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Luke f/ Ice Cube Album: Uncle Luke Song: Asshole Naked Typed by: g-gomez@edmail.com Luke:  Shake that ass, shake that ass, you got to shake that ...  Shake that ass, shake that ass, you got to shake that ass, beeitch! Verse 1: Ice Cube Damn, Luke's got another fuckin' video Full of big fat tittie hoes And I'm wid it, like every nigga on my block  With a cock, makin' number one on the box Nigga, can you spare a dime? Tryin' to see this shit 3 or 4 times Blowin' up the phone lines On my way to the M-I-A  To see pretty titties from Liberty City Asshole naked in a club full of niggas You go, girl, 'cause you's a hoe, girl Step into the 2 Live stable Bitches all willin' and able to dance on the table One-two-threes, hoes like these Motherfuckin' nuts in they mouth down South Shake that ass like a salt-shaker Slap that motherfucker purple like a Laker Got nothin' but love for the bitches  That's dancin' in the clubs, leavin' wit' dubs And when I come to your city,  You know I'ma check it, love to see you asshole naked Luke: Let a nigga see ya asshole butt-naked, bitch! (2x) Aw, aw, aw, nak-naked, bitch! Aw, aw, aw, butt-motherfuckin' naked, bitch! Verse 2: Ice Cube Bitch, I know your type You'll eat pussy all night If the price is right Undercover dyke, I know the deal Jus' tryin' to pay your phone bill And it's cool, if your tongue is a muscle Like me, a bitch gotta hustle 'Cause, all I wanna do is zoom-a-zoom-zoom-zoom Some bitch got the dressin' room smellin' like boom When you leave, goin' to pick up your son Unless I got a hon; hoe, I Ain't Tha 1 I'll sit with the dogs and bark (AWRF AWRF AWRF) Ain't tryin' to see them fuckin' stretch marks You know a girl that's black make her ass clap You know a girl that's yellow, shake it like jell-o Before I wreck it, gotta inspect it (lemme see) Love to see you asshole naked Luke: Let a nigga see ya asshole butt-naked, bitch! (3x) Let a nigga see ya assho-o-ole naked, bitch! Fellas: Lemme see ya asshole naked, BITCH!! (2x) Verse 3: Ice Cube It's Your Birthday, It's Your Birthday Bitch, I don't give a fuck if you thirsty I won't buy you one drink unless you show me  The pink in the middle, titties so little Go get your friend, we can go to my den And make a perfect blend 2 on 1, I'm like Jack fuckin' Tripper,  With these fine-ass strippers Call my nigga Luke, he feelin' like the Duke of Earl, fuckin' that girl Pullin' up in the '96 Coup It's the motherfuckin' 2 Live Crew What you wanna do with these bad-ass hoes? Get 'em out they clothes! Hold up, it'll only take a motherfuckin' second To get 'em asshole naked Luke: Let a nigga see ya asshole butt-naked, bitch! (3x) Let a nigga see ya assho-o-ole naked, bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mack 10 f/ Ice Cube Album:	Mack 10 Song: 10 Million Ways Typed by: LenchMobian@free.fr Chorus: [Ice Cube] X4 Cause if you fuck with us we leave scars [Mack 10] Tick tock around the clock for the rock ya come see me Just knock at the door I'll grant your wish like a genie Strait out to get paid stack the loot that I made Been slangin' dope out my mammas' house since the 10th grade Never tried it can't deny it in the tiots was a looter Used to hang with drive by shooters Stickem up for Honda scooters Never was a schollar make you throw yo hands and holla Wolla went to Jr. high slangin' joints fo a dollar Finger waves was the new fad so they spoted a due rags Niggas got dumped on fo the red or blue rags Down with the G's so them niggas never serve me Bellin' through the hood in my honeycomb Jersey Painter pants cuffed so I fixit on my biscuits Till my hair get long enough to brade my bitch I'll keep it twisted It's that niggarunnin' wild punch the pedal to the meadow And everywhere I go it's a must I keep it ghetto Chorus: X2 [Ice Cube] Cause if you fuck with us we leave scars [Mack 10] Motherfucker crime pays in 10 millions ways "Choose one" "1 2 3 4 hit it!" (X2) [Mack 10] 24/7 on a 211 fresh out the county I hunt like a bounty >From 10 to midnight make sure my shit tight Map out the lick right so that I hit right I strike to stay alive to be exact need a sack Can't hack this monkey on my back So I shot it now you plot it I got it Exotic to erotic money ho's to narcotics No preachin' knowledge of self or religion I'm too busy raisin' pitbulls and pigeons Put the hustle down steady for the summer I'm ready way tighter got two birds and a rider But I'm out fo mo nigga can't get enough doe Place my hands on the fo fo Arm robbery is my hoby So I gotta sickum then lickum Now who's my next victim Chorus: X2 [Ice Cube] Cause if you fuck with us we leave scars [Mack 10] Motherfucker crime pays in 10 millions ways "Choose one" "1 2 3 4 hit it!" (X2) Got the plak in the back straight ragtop Peepin' the scene with the gangsta lean Super clean in and out make you weak at the knees I watch fo the theives on my hunt spoke D's Stereo type foe life from the streets where the palms trees sway And the money parlay Fo block niggas got the hoes like sewed up Bitches on my nuts every since I first showed up BG nigga with my though skins hangin' Tryin to look like my big homies that was bangin Slangin like 90 goin north with the cavey Twistin through the hood in a 83 caddy Coupe Deville I packs my big still Cause it's sittin on white ones with the two way tight ones And as I floss I keeps my nina Ross Cocked with the clipin to catch a nigga slippin' Chorus: [Ice Cube] Cause if you fuck with us we leave scars [Mack 10] Motherfucker crime pays in 10 millions ways "Choose one" "1 2 3 4 hit it!" (X2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mack 10 f/ Ice Cube Album: Mack 10 Song: Chicken Hawk Typed by: LenchMobian@free.fr [Mack 10] Quielty I stalk niggas call me the Chicken Hawk Approach with my gun in a 2 one one  As I sickum lay my victum may I lickum All action stop nobody move no pop As I reck shop red alert make yo blood squirt When I work in the brownies and the high top chucks to do dirt Keep it sound put it down my way Protected by an A.K. as I search for my pray Through the geto hit the peddle every corner I'm torning Look for the money the kilos and the gallons of shermin nigga Till we meet I stash my heat Neet in my baggage do damage nasty as a savage Lookin for the cabbage Its own 20 grand I spot a bird in hand As I spread my wing spand I swoop ready to land Gotta get heem hit the spot grab the sack And I shake it blessed with the game To make it bus its easier to take it, nigga [Ice Cube] I'm a chicken hawk huntin for a chicken Stickin', my hit to ya brain with the cane, nigga I'm a chicken hawk huntin for a chicken Stickin', my hit to ya brain with the cane, nigga "Don't make me kill everybody on this motherfucker" [Mack 10] On a late night creep the hawk sours on a mission Mashin' through the hood nerd this nigga had the chickens 36 zones in each sack to be exact Got 50 G's or more in street value worth of crack As he put it down out of control with the cavey Got Benzos on the grass twistin front and back cadeys Capacino sted of coffe moet No more rossie rolex diamonds all glossy Glossy Mr. Flossy sewed up the block keys to double up rock I gotta lick heem nigga want know heen when I get heem me Shoot strate never hesitate fools cooperate Or I dag un tagum body bagum with my magnum Heat in yo chest how we do it in the west  I gaffle up yo dope and fly back to my nest I stalk hit up in chalk all over the sidewalk Its Mack 10 foe life better know as the chicken hawk Interlude: [Man] Allo [Mack 10] Yeah nigga, I got yo bitch, so take all the ??? you got And put on ??? behind the ??? or I kill this motherfucker [Girl] Fuck this nigga don't give any shit [Mack 10] Bitch shut the fuck up right now [Mack 10] On a midnight flight the hawk glides through the breeze Pull my wings at eaze as I lands in the palm trees Overlook my lick set my scope like a sniper Hawk the bitch piper be alarmed foe the type a fool That ah hoo ride when he doo ride I came ruff out the box Inglewood school of hard nots, nigga A gaffle dick is all I ever gave a hoe Where peneltons not a cape so I can't save a hoe Mack 10 just stepped off the planet of the apes Foe the money and dope I never rapes I duck tapes Bitches I mackum down flagum down they pull over Fill lucky as a fowe leaf clover in a Range Rover They never know its the hawk his self My eyes reder than red with St. Ides on my breff I draw down all this licken got me nervous so I'm twitchen Bitch two to the dome or take me to yo nigga chickens [Ice Cube] I'm a chicken hawk huntin for a chicken Stickin', my hit to ya brain with the cane, nigga I'm a chicken hawk huntin for a chicken Stickin', my hit to ya brain with the cane, nigga Foe life *Ring* [Man] Allo? [Mack 10] Oh I see you Mr. Funny-man Aw motherfuckin' Yeah you're the kind of nigga that ??? with your bitch Well listen to this motherfucker Aaaaahhhhhhaaaaa *Gun shots* *Clik-clak* *Hang up* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mack 10 f/ Butch Cassidy, Ice Cube, W.C. Album: Bang or Ball Song: Connected for Life Typed by: walter_spence97@hotmail.com [Verse 1: Mack 10] I jump out the blocks like ready! set! go! Check all my traps and dodge the fed co I'm all about the mix like a fuckin collage And out the garage, is a Bentley Onage With the brains blowed out, so the sun's beamin I got the jackers drooling, and the hoes fiendin And since I'm Westside Connected got the streets on hype I got big deals, big skrill, big wheels, big pipes [Verse 2: Ice Cube] Twenty-inchers roll - go and get these hoes Picky hoes wanna roll with my niggaroles But be a freak about it, and I'ma see about it Speak about it, no bitch I'ma be about it Who want some of this, West running this Mack 10 with the playboy bunny bitch She's a dummy bitch - with a money pit? You broke ass niggas can't even stomach this [Verse 3: W.C.] What that connect like? Nigga like three time felon Six-double-0-west nigga selling rich Ru-bellin' Throw it up, hold it up, guns bust fo' fingers up Two twisted in the middle with the thumb cuffed Chevy Nash and dippin the ass and king of the zaggin Fo'-fo' mackin and coat taggin Dub the hood phtanom I'm in a blue phantom In front of the club and valet, do for talk and mack 'em trick [Chorus: Butch Cassidy] What is it like, tossin' them hoes? And rollin' them fools on them vogues Flossin' them chains, we doin' big thangs And bustin' on punks at close range This the way us gangstas roll Sit back and watch as it unfolds Bitches and suckers stunt so cold This is the life we chose [Verse 4: Mack 10] Dope money and rapping shit I'm all with it And all I know is the street so that's how I spit it Chickenhawk see a bird, then I gotta get it So if ya hood come up short, then I probably did it And if lil' momma thick then I gotta hit it The trojan gotta be a magnum for me to fit it If it was sherm on a stick then I probably lit it The red beam is on your wig so I probably split it [Verse 5: Ice Cube] To all them bitches that think they bootylicious I think they nutritious - I think they do dishes I'm makin three wishes, or takin' they pictures And spendin' they riches and fuckin' they bitches Ego maniac - little homies call me brainiac Ice Cube's an asshole and it ain't an act So take a hit of that - and remember that Where my motherfuckin niggas and my bitches at? [Verse 6: W.C.] Tree-i-ick! I'm Dub-C, the rider with the clique And like a dragon it's nathin' but fire when I spit And I can't shake these ghetto ways A street rich nigga eatin a bag of Lays And rubber bands and braids From the turf for the side, rings an ambulance Where we keep the pistols smoking just like Afghanistan It's gangsta the killa - the dope dealer Back for mo' figgas - so trick bow down and po' the liquor bitch [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Mack 10 - repeat 2X] It's plain to see, you can't change me Cause I'ma be "Connected for Life" [Outro: Mack 10] Yeah!, West Connect gang for life Butch Cassidy, Mannie Fresh you a fool for this beat, boy Uh, uh, uh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mack 10 f/ Ice Cube, Jayo Felony Album: The Recipe Song: Ghetto Horror Show Typed by: bizzy_manson666@hotmail.com [Mack 10] I'm screamin as I'm dreamin, I see evil bad spirits So I wake up in the middle of the night to write lyrics In a cold sweat, heard magnums in my dreams, my ears ring So this time on the mic I bring horror like Stephen King All my good times are turned bad like the Evan's Seen hundreds get wounded but like a thousand 187's Everybody that was so real, they were now phony And the nigga that used to be my homie, shit he turned on me I got a 45 that spit hot lead that'll drill him The nigga know too much about me, so it's a must that I kill him If it's time available at the shrink, man I need to spend it Cuz now I see the chair rockin, but ain't nobody in it I'm psycho like Norman Bates in the fresh side of my mind and All I think about is comittin redrums like The Shining So Lord please help me and forgive me for my sins And tell me, why do I deserve the twilight zone that I'm in? Somebody ease the pain I need a shot of novacaine Or angel dust smoke circulatin through my brain So who got the slaughter water, la la the brain killer I got five on it, four stick, to the first dealer With no screws left it's like my head is now hollow I'm so crazy seems like my own shadow's scared to follow Ain't that a bitch, 1-O caught up in the horror show But ain't no popcorn or bon bons, it's all teflons nigga [Hook:] X 2 I keep a 44 everywhere I go It's 1-O in the ghetto horror show [Jayo Felony] I'm slangin ?nocous? on the boulders Keys, O-Z's and quarters Come along, get up, stand up, and come and get your sack I'm bustin nigga's hearts with this motherfuckin crack I'm sayin please oh please oh please give me just one more hit Now I'm surrounded by skinny motherfuckers with glass dicks I'll jack Jack and Jill, smack Bill Clinton and his bitch Tell po po they can't fade me I'll kill him and his snitch I'm a bad influence, I'm a bad influence And motherfuckers don't wanna know what I'll tell these fuckin kids Fuck school nigga, bang with me Why you gotta get a job nigga, slang with me Listen, my 44 protects ya if any nigga tries to test ya Nigga who the fuck is you? I'm Peer Pressure Took the last bit of the thorazine, I'm at the end of the rainbow There ain't no fuckin pot of gold, just the ghetto horror show There we go [Hook:] X 2 I keep a AK everywhere I go It's Jayo in the ghetto horror show [Ice Cube] I got to testify, I grew up in this ghetto horror ?Justaora? got me spittin from the ghetto Torah Ghetto bible survival I'm hittin rivals in their vitals Tryin to rob titles, from livin idols I give recitals on the drugs to sex to county checks to Lex Your respect from the hot techs And it's the same for me cuz the fame don't wipe away the black Westside can't react Braniac with this maniac, get to losin 'fore the schools get to oozin And your bitch get to ?twosin? The niggas at 600 pools and like the Pope Get on the fuckin city F niggas like to vote It's the horror, no tomorrow in your eyes But look at me nigga I believe I can fly You believe you can die, well shit it might happen I believe I can rhyme and look, I start rappin nigga [Hook:] X 2 I keep a tech nine everywhere I go It's Ice Cube in the ghetto horror show [Mack 10 talking] What is time? Huh, time is divded by two. Before it happens, and after it happens. Right now, we callin it the ghetto horrow show. [some guy] Only a fool would go there at night! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mack 10 f/ Ice Cube Album: Based On A True Story Song: The Guppies The guppies dup dup dup (Repeat dup dup dup 3X) Verse 1 (Cube) It's a feeding frenzy with guppies all around the edge nigga if you tryna get fed you in the red eat you up, beat you up If that don't work heat you up Now you wearin' white (punk) smellin' like Fahrenheit Niggas, fleas, ticks and parasites tryna get a crumb off the turntable Stick your nose in my bowl it's fatal you Kane I'm Abel Nigga you know we checkin' quotas and dollars nigga you no the pecking order we follow sayin' that we got to holla, if I can quote you But the king of the jungle never meet with the vultures never been a sucker never been fake (never)  Never tried to make all I can make (never) Represent my niggas 'til the bow breaks but haters hate we can eat steak by the lake. Chorus The Guppies dup dup dup (Repeat 4X) Verse 2 (Mack) What a beautiful day, clear blue skies my murder ones block sunrays from my eyes Twistin' triple gold so I gotta pack heat Lay the titanium and flame up the street down the boulevard with my hand on trigger fools hittin' me up like who is that nigga Ruuff ruuff you know who it is Mack 10 punk top dog in showbiz I cocks the revolver ready to start gattin' 'em but what I look like set trippin' and I'm platinum I hesitates put down the trey eight keep pushing to the hood make sure my folks is straight Outta control a nigga ballin' like Shaq gave my momma money and slid the homies sacks And it's like that about the bank wad the more cheese ya got the more killas on ya squad for the guppies Chorus Verse 3 (Cube) Okay we hollered fake as hugs check my wallet driving to the crib make sure no nigga followed Called up the mighty one O (what you wanna do) turn these bitch niggas to snow (how many 1 or 2? It's on you) Westside battle cry my alibi first class hella high when you die I'm changin' standard time with the yuppies but fuck them to and you you askin' who (Mack starts at 'The Guppies') Brought Mack Manson back to life I kill niggas without a gun or a knife I gave the order is he dead? (yep) enough said and all my followers got W's on they forehead Murderers and they kill on command walk around like zombies with Techs in each hand For Mack and the Don wet you up like neon freeze you like freon you fuckin' peon The Guppies Chorus (bubbles) Chorus Eat you up. Artist: Mack 10 f/ Ice Cube, K-Dee Album:	Mack 10 Song: H.O.E.K. Typed by: LenchMobian@free.fr Intro: [Ice Cube] Oh Shake your ass K-Dee bayby He's hard on his hoez [K-Dee] This is H.O.E.Killa all day (thrilla) Pussy thrilla come in smootha than a miller Genuine draft ben you in half Fishin' cuz my mish in is to getin you and stab You with this ginsoo then you ah see that I don't give a fuck I'm trip off them hoez that say they neva suck... dick But I'm to slick I bet I make them switch Then you hear me scream "make the music with yo mouth bitch" I play em hard Bogard when I met em like Rochelle Ooh suck dick so swell Yea it don't stop jus uh get it get it Head down ass up so I can hit it hit it Uh Its on like that always look in fo some action Make in em neva breath again like that hoe name Toni Braxton Call me the boat knocka I blast like banoka Oh my I can't deny I'm high off that cho-co-late Ty get my clown on daily Don't nutt in come free see bitch this is K-Dee Still try in ta lan this skanless brotha Uh notha claim inn true from the crew that unda cova Still Lench Mob in got ta let them bitches know Flow original I got ta let my richies grow So check one check two test these nuts uh I'm them guts of these hoez with the big butts I dig um smack um slap um on the ass Out with a tank full of gas and pocket full of cash I'm paid in fact I'm ah mack with 10 Times mo game now tell me who you blame [Ice Cube] I'm a hoe killa I'm a hoe killa [K-Dee] H.O.E.K. all muthafuckin day [Ice Cube] I'm a hoe killa I'm a hoe killa [K-Dee] H.O.E.K. all muthafuckin day [Ice Cube] Mack 10 comin' straight outta plain Inglewood He got to ?? on your hoez Uh, and you know that, and you know that [Mack 10] I knew this girl name Wonda that drove a Honda wagon A bad ass bitch but always bragin About this, that and the other It's like every nigga ballin' was her big brother She knew the 411 on everyone of them But swore up and down she wasn't fuckin' with none of them Had niggas on her like decals buyin' her jewells Cause the ass was like booyah She was the perfect bitch Let her tell it but the hoe was full of so much bullshit I could smell it And I could tell she was a no good ho Cause she always want to meet the niggas that I know (like Cube) First Cube, K-Dee and I bet If you let me mention Pooh Then the bitch I'll get soken wet Wantin' to do it just to say she done it Let him nut on her stomach Cause he got a five hunit Benzo but you know how hos is They itchin' fo the chickens and the niggas in show biz With out the chips no dips or the hotteys But 10 I'll kick a bitch like he doin' karate In the body round house to the ribs with the gangsta boots Man I brakes they ass off to the roots This H.O.E.K. all muthafuckin day And wouldn't have it no other way So lock the door hit the floor And if you hear any noise You know is that nigga Mack 10 nuttin up on a hoe [Ice Cube] I'm a hoe killa I'm a hoe killa [K-Dee] H.O.E.K. all muthafuckin day [Ice Cube] I'm a hoe killa I'm a hoe killa [K-Dee] H.O.E.K. all muthafuckin day (X3) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mack 10 f/ Ice Cube, Korn Album: The Recipe Song: Should I Stay or Should I Go Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au [unknown] Mack, you got everything on here except some damn rock'n'roll [Mack 10] Shit, don't speak too soon *Korn providing guitar intro and background guitars* 	 I got to know, baby 	 I got to know, baby Intro/Chorus: Ice Cube Girl, do you still wanna be a ho? (Huh?) I got to know, baby, should I stay or should I go? (what?) Do you want this nigga in a 6-double O? I got to know, should I stay or should I go? Verse One: Ice Cube Fuck this condo and with John Doe You a bomb ho, black enchicando You must think I'm soprano, you better trun the channel I wanna grab you like a handle You ill scream "Book him Dano!", here come the crack commando wit his guns and his ammo Tryin to blow out my candle I'ma stop fuckin wit you for your cousin in Orlando (Fo' sho', fo' sho') Chorus: Ice Cube I got to know, baby, should I stay or should I go? Will I end up with strike number four? I got to know, should I stay or should I go? Verse Two: Mack 10 Should I stay or should I go take a hit or say "no"? (No) Shoot the jumpshot, run the rock or sell blow? Get a whole gallon of loot, do a show Keep the square bitch or should I bust me a ho? You got the green light, break grass so I can write We gonna stock all big heads, I recite hella types (Right) Always mashin like pedals, packin fully heavy metals To the new school leader with the big rebels See the shinin sea, Westside is the thang (Westsiiiide!) We're down to Hoo Bang with the ghetto slang Heads boppin and frownin like it's nasty The class crackin, hard rockin like the cavi, ask me I never lie, I keep it to the real Rollin like a big wheel ever since I had a deal Mack move the crowd like an automatic Uza (BRRRRW!) That three time loser's wreckin lotta polluters Nigga what? (Nigga what?) Chorus: Mack 10 Should I stay or should I go? Do you wanna see Mack 1-0? I got to know, should I stay or should I go? (Bitch what?) Bridge: Ice Cube, (Mack 10) You a tease, (fuck a tease) You a tease, (fuck a tease) You a tease, (fuck a tease) You a tease, (fuck a tease) You a tease, (fuck a tease) You a tease, (fuck a tease) You a tease, (fuck a tease) Bitch please (catch these) Bitch please (catch these) Verse Three: Ice Cube, Mack 10 You wanna leave, girl, no way My forte is to flip it like O.J. You gots ta obey O'Shea Like your ass was an ol fade and nothin but a trophy Give my nigga Mack a 40, maintain orders Strandin orders, walkin target, stalkin chargers Walk the hardest, you should move the force Cos I'ma fight, it's love, I'm right behind ya Over-protective, you shouldnt've gave it to me (Never) Said it was mine and handed a baby to me Now I'm on it, like I own it I better go, ho, before I end up on death row Mack 10 be the G with the color bandana I fiend for the mic with a jonez like Indiana Never fuck a broad white as Vanna, I like em tanner Always lookin for pussy, detect a freak like a scanner I say "Beeyatch! My name is Mack 1-0 and you the baddest ho at the show in the front row You give head? If so, I wanna blow Meet me at the Nico in room 3-0-4" I heard a knock (what?), there's somebody at the do' Baby came in, sucked me down like a pro "What else ya wanna do?" I replied "I don't know" She said "Mack 1-0, well should I stay or should I go?" Yo Chorus: SHOULD I STAY OR SHOULD I GO, YO? *repeat x8* I'MA GO, YO! I'MA GO, YO! Outro: Ice Cube I got to know, baby I got to know, baby Handle me this chick, get the fuck outta here Huh, real quick, real quick Bitch, you crazy, you crazy I'm gone, I'm gone A-YEA-YEA!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mack 10 f/ Ice Cube, Snoop Doggy Dogg Album: Based on a True Story Song: Only in California Typed by: OHHLA.com [Ice Cube] Speak on it my nigga, speak on it (and my heat go) Chorus: Only in California Where niggaz pull heat and run up on ya (get your grind on) Only in California (California) Where niggaz pull heat and run up ya (run up on ya) Ice Cube the mutherfuckin don Snoop Doggy Dogg a.k.a. Tha Doggfather Mack 10 alias the Chicken Hawk Gangstas with rules Cause youse the niggaz with no rules ain't got nothing to lose, we got everything to lose Threw his ass in, he feel the fin of the baracuda I negotiate Mack is the shooter You the nigga on the journey strapped to this gurney We break breads with accountants and attorneys Currency never worry me (never) Who's got the balls to murder me Degree higher than a 33 Tell em what you drank (Hennessy) Never tell em what you thinkin Never tell em where the body stankin Fuck Lincoln, fuck Jackson, bankin Franklin what you thankin Hope your man come with the ransom Let me see you dance on, no longer handsome If you don't drop off than walk off, watch him, watch him Chorus [Snoop Doggy Dogg] Them westcoast niggaz is real set trippas (Westside)       Will get you for them zippas, on a quest for them chippas (Eastside) Slidin while we ridin, not even hittin switches Hangin at the high school gettin at them young bitches (what) I got the dove sacks, homies love that (who got the bud) where the bud at, hollering at my big homeboy who fresh out Hangin at my grandmama house, homie burnt out What you gonna do when you get out of jail (speak on it) I'm gonna have some fun (Doggy Dogg) What do you consider fun a ounce and about five hun So I put him on a move that I know about Hooked him with a homegirl from the South (good lookin out) Money made, plug a playa in the game Especially when he represent the same thing I claim Damn they don't make niggaz like they used to That's probably why I keep a tight grip on my deuce deuce (that's real) Cause everybody wanna be a star in the city of dope, a.k.a. caviar Chorus [Mack 10] What have we a house full of cavi (no stress) Well known ridas from different sides of the West Got the hi-zoes lickin up so hard we stickin up niggaz Tired of the bullshit so we clique'n up (Westside) Nigga please we ain't trippin off C's and B's It's the Westside Connect with the DPG's For the cheese we jab with the gift of the gab always clappin (yeah), Mack, Cube and Snoop rappin Now how did that happen it's all good (fool) So peep game If you could Snoop be from Long Beach and I be from Inglewood (yeah)  Now you despise cause it came to yo surprise (what)     Two well known enemies now becoming allies (damn) In Californ-I-A we parlay the G way Some wear red and black and some sport blue and grey So gangsta's don't dance we hang boogie and bang So it's the Westside Connect with the Dogg Pound Gang Chorus [Ice Cube] There we have it, Ice motherfuckin Cube The big fish, rollin with the atomic dog Snoop Doggy Dogg, down with the ring leader Mack motherfuckin 10, coming back once again Nigga we make and spend nigga and my heat goes boom boom boom boom boom boom The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mack 10 f/ Ice Cube, Snoop Doggy Dogg Album: Only In California (CD Promo) Song: Only In California (Clean Version) Typed by: no1wammy@hotmail.com [Ice Cube] Speak on it, Mack Dime, speak on it (And my heat goes) Chorus: Mack 10, Ice Cube & Snoop Doggy Dogg (Female) Only In California Where the homies will cream And run up on ya Only In California (California) Where the homies will cream And run up on ya (Run up on ya) [Cube] Ice Cube the Megadon   Snoop Doggy Dogg A.K.A. Tha Doggfather [Mack] Boom, woof [Cube] Mack 10 alias   The Chicken Hawk [Mack] Buck, buck (In the sky) [Cube] O.G.s with rules   Cause fools with no rules ain't got nothin' to lose   We got everythang to lose [Mack] Speak on it [Verse 1: Ice Cube] Throw him back in, he feel the fin of the baracuda I negotiate, Mack is the doer {*two gunshots*} You the fool on the journey strapped to this gurney We break bread with accountants and attorneys Currency never worry me (Ay yo) Which one of y'all never heard of me Higher than a 33 Tell 'em what you drankin' (Hennessy) Never tell 'em what you thinkin' Never tell 'em where the [{*body*}] hangin' No Lincolns No Jacksons Bankin' Franklin What you thankin', hope your man come, with the ransom Let me see you dance on, no longer handsome (Dance) If you don't drop off, than walk off WATCH IT, WATCH IT Repeat Chorus [Snoop Doggy Dogg {Ice Cube in background}] (Verse 2) Them west coast riders is real set trippers {West side} Will get you for them zippers on that quest for them chippers {East side} Slidin' on the ride Not even hittin' switches (Yeah) I'm hangin' at the high school, gettin' at them young misses I keep them dubs fat The homies love that Yo, what up Where it's at I'm hollin' at the big homeboy Who fresh out {What you doin'} He hangin' at my grandmama house, the homie burnt out Break: Snoop Doggy Dogg & Ice Cube (Ice Cube in background) What you gon' do when you get out of jail (Speak on it) I'm gonna have some fun (Doggy Dogg) What do you consider fun (What) A ounce and about five hun' (Verse 3) So I Put him on a move That I knew about {For what} I hooked him with a homegirl from the south, good lookin' out Money made, plug a player in this game Especially when he represent the same thing I claim {Dogg Pound} Man, they don't make homies like they used to That's probably why I keep a tight grip on my deuce deux {That's real} Cause everybody wanna see a star In the city of dope A.K.A. caviar Repeat Chorus [Verse 3: Mack 10 {Ice Cube in background}] What have we, a house full of cavi No stress Well-known riders from different sides of the west {Yes} Got the hi-zoes lickin' up So hard, we stickin' up (Stick 'em up) Yo, we tired of trippin', so we all clickin' up {West side} So please, we ain't trippin' off C's and B's It's the Westside Connect With the D.P.G.s For the cheese, we jab, the gift of the gab always cappin' {Uh, yeah} Mack, Cube and Snoop rappin' Now, how did that happen (Hun) It's all good, fool, so peep game if you could Snoop be from Long Beach, and I be from Inglewood (Yeah) Now, you despise, cause it came to your surprise (What) Two well-known enemies now becoming allies {BAM!} In Californ-I-A We parler the G way Some wear red and black, and some sport blue and grey Blow G's, don't dance, we hang-boogie and bang So it's the Westside Connect with the Dogg Pound gang And Repeat Chorus [Cube] There we have it   Ice Cube, the big fish   Rollin' with the Atomic Dog, Snoop Doggy Dogg [Snoop] Bow wow, bow wow [Cube] Down with the ring leader   Mack 10 [Snoop] Inglewood, wood, wood, wood, wood [Cube] Back once again   Yeah, we make and we spend Hook: Mack 10 & Snoop Doggy Dogg And my heat goes Boom Boom, boom Boom, boom, boom And my heat goes Boom Boom, boom Boom, boom, boom And my heat goes Boom [Ice Cube] Boom, boom Boom, boom, boom [Mack 10] And my heat goes boom The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mack 10 f/ Ice Cube, Techniec Album: The Paper Route Song: Tha Weekend Typed by: iannormy@hotmail.com [Ice Cube] Tha weekend All you freak hoe's freaking Me and Mack 10 baby come on in Tha weekend This shit got you tweaking Who tha fuck wanna steal what they got? It's tha weekend All you freak hoe's freaking Me and Mack 10 baby come on in Tha weekend This shit got you tweaking Who tha fuck wanna steal what they got? It's tha weekend [Mack 10] Yo, I'm looking for tha weekend The weed got me tweaking Plus the sticky green got the whole room leaking I make the kind of shit that get a freak hoe freaking So pump the bass and check my mic level when I'm speaking And to you haters out there I see you peeking So I keep a glock and leave your punk ass leaking I hear you creeping, even when you're sneaking Gimme a reason, if it's on then I'm squeezing It's tha weekend! [Techniec] In the streets, ain't enough ghetto for me So bad I gotta lug the heavy metal with me Don't hang out on your block, I got plans to bubble Only time you seeing Tech is when I'm causing trouble Weekend, get my cheque, I'm flossing double Out the house, running game like I'm off the huddle Wonder how tough my ride? Man, niggers cuff they bride And come home from work three, stuck outside Chorus: [Ice Cube] It's tha weekend This gat got you leaking For speaking out of turn, nigga got to burn Make em squirm, watch em do the funky worm You got to learn, every fucking thing you earn Tha weekend, tha weekend, tha weekend You can't fuck with weed spin Tha weekend, tha weekend, tha weekend You can't fuck with weed spin [Mack 10] I'm a hoo-bangin' rider, retaliator till I'm leaving Mash my opponents till they no longer breathing I'm hatin to parole these killas and weed dealers My niggas there ride hoochie bitches and three-willers Dick em strong and long with a groupie or ?bougie? hoe I like em in a thong when they make their booty go Run swipe up in, baby bulge and do I get em When it's on my niggas get sure in em then I send em [Techniec] Ain't that no mission in the butts is ain't nothing to me Up in the club, haters don't want nothing with me I been a hog since you niggas was cuffing ya lees I never hog, I'm looking down at nothing but flees In your town, I crawl up, nothing but these Like "Hey ladies!" Yea, who leaving with me? "Hey fellas!" You need to leave immediately If you don't want your ass whupped repeatedly This is tha weekend! CHORUS [Techniec] It's MC's please, we split through on threes's, wudda Dayton off the ground laying, like "Whoa!" I coast through your blocks slow I'm H20, boy I got that wet flow To douse your flame, I'll get that up out ya man You plot, I'm sorry I shot ya man See me whippin on the freeway, the LBC way On the three-way with ?J-Wide? and pack Hell yea, I'm riding with Mack [Mack 10] Mack 10 outside all night selling rocks Patrolling with the deuce-five burning my socks This weekend is your life, dying today Next weekend is your wife, crying at your wake Punk bitch screaming like "I can't believe they killed him!" Fuck nigga with a stainless plate, we wouldn't have peeled him The hoo-banging attitude, with the gat-titude Seven days a week and make your forehead leak nigga! CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mack 10 f/ Ice Cube, W.C. Album: Mack 10 Song: Westside Slaughterhouse Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br (Mack 10) Microphone check I.O. from the west coast beller and tella I cuss like a sella when you see her shes a gonna Moved to California blew the bitch up put the gangsta twist on Her sunny southern cal it never snows Niggas yellin' ha's and ho's we dumpin out of 64's When it comes to the gun play we vets It's west coast foe life no crew only sets (Ice cube) It's the dog breathen through the smog  I'm a hog of this gangster shit Don of the click All you suckas want to dis the pacific But you buster niggas never get specific Used To Love H.E.R., made cuz we fucked H.E.R. Pussy whipped bitch, with no Common Sense Hip Hop started in the west Ice Cube bailin' through the east without a vest (W.C) Now as I look to my riznight and to my left I see motherfuckers staring like they wanna step So I'm grabin' my rusty screw driver In case I got to cut ya deeper than Vanessa Del Rio's Vagina Finda notha crew of niggas that can fuck with this Lyrical bully given verbal bruises to crews fool You must be on dick dope and dynamite How you figure speed on before you get peed on nigga (Mack 10) Fool what side is you Red or the blue While as the L.A. zoo it's round two I ignite grab the mic tight strike like a ratle bring Rhymes and nines to the mutherfuckin battle So sun down to sun up run up with my gun up All brakes get to pumpin' They know a nigga dumpin' You dred like a rasta when I lock like a terrier Mack 10 the nigga with the heat that i'll berry ya (Ice Cube) Oh ah,oh ah, do a walk by and watch everybody die Niggas into gangs thangs and narcotics Freak bitches riches and hydrolics Pull heat knock you off yo feet Clear thewhole block both sides of the street Even crips and bloods hear my thuds Fee fy foe fum a nigga where you from "Westside" (W.C.) Fuck all you niggas I'm yellin' This is maad circle to the fullest everybody 187um Toons play the piano fuck a battle I'm socking rappers like mad man Sontiago 'Cause you niggas ain't impressin' me plus you singin' big red records So nigga fuck what you tellin' me Sit down Jr. you couldn't see me if you wanted to Look ya'll it Mack 10,Cube and the double you (Mack 10) I just had a scrap fo the neighborhood inglewood sterotype Got to deal with the hype Known to kick back with the fat sack fuck that Where my gat at nigga trippin off my bulls hat About to let loose with the chrome tray dude 5 shots And I put holes in yo Bandana I push a Benz you still rollin' Gs So nigga miss me with the set trip  And start slangin' keys (Ice Cube) When I say itchy citchy Niggas get bitchy bitchy cause they heard of ah Natural born murderah I'm like Frankenstein is spankin' time Layin' in the sunshine With only one nine Now who wants to bust with the never rust Goin' platinum plus every time I cuss So fuck the whole world black niggas Better hope I don't grow my jeri curl back (W.C.) Steper murderah stepin' out a Chevrolet Sportin' a beenie like Marvin Gaye Stalkin' walkin' in my big black chuck's Standin' t'all in your freestyle session holdin' my balls I'm peepin' game like a ref in '95 'Cause niggas be foul and biten other niggas styles But if you're biten this you better bring a dentist 'Cause sucking these balls ah give yo ass lock jaws (Mack 10) Which way shall I go nigga what should I do Should I bang with the red should I truce with the blue Should I rock dope beats grab the mic and stay down Or should I shoot out of town and flip this pound Shit I never knew that my nuts ah get bigger Checkin' major figures I'm hangin with platinum niggas It's Mack 10 and I'm inglewood swangin No time fo bangin' But still got my cackeys hangin' (Ice Cube) Fuck one love it's the bloody glove killin' honkey hoes Leaving blood stains on Broncos In a Hertz rental I drive on the 405 Is he dead or alive Motherfuckin court took another snort Jumpin' over chairs as I run through the airport So I can catch a flight away from the drama Number 32 chillin' in the Bahamas (W.C.) Sucky ducky quack niggas ain't knowin' how to act Sucka ducks play the back Nigga use to dis now it's turning around and like Brandy Motherfuckers wanna be down With this west coast rap game I can give a fuck If you wasn't down at first you can buck these nuts Transformers get stole on boom (BOOOM) Get the picture killa cali home of the body bags nigga Westside (x2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MC Eiht f/ Ice Cube, Mack 10 Album: Section 8 Song: III Tha Hood Way Typed by: nemesi_@libero.it, Timo.Scheffler@allgaeu.org [ICE CUBE] When I hear the words: murda murda, I concern a Slug in your burden brain Niggas heard of me From here to eternity Fuck hell cause I can feel the Earth burn in me Now we can meet, we can greet, we can see, we can eat We can hold court in the street Whatcha wanna do? I just ate, it's a quarter to 8 I'm in Section 8 with MC Eiht and a 38 (yeah) And I'm ready to ride for this shit Muthafucka done invested his life in this shit And we ain't losin' rather take a penitentiary chance And ?? your house like some blue and red ends Make you dance like Holyfield And we'll rob you like Lennox Lewis And you can't do nuthin' to us (nuthin') Spent my life with the West Rollies A few of 'em still gangbangin in they 40's, what Violatin parolies [ICE CUBE, MACK 10 & EIHT] Ye-ye-ye-e Gangstas make the world go round And stayin' down in the Y-2-K That's what they say It's Hoo-Bang muthafucka and we don't play Eiht, Cube and Mack: III tha hood way, geah I said... [MACK 10] Mack 10 is the lick, West Side is the click (yeah) I can't get enough of this gangsta shit So I drag my 5-7 down the shores and the skate ???? play some vibrate for humpin' Section 8 I stay G'd up and down, it's the bumper when it's late With my hair bitch-braid sportin' murder one shades It's the heat bringer, king Inglewood swinger And fuck every nigga that ain't a Hoo-Banger (Hoo-Banger!) No color lines make dimes, it's color blind And I ain't trippin' cause your rag ain't bright as mine Let's rock T-Birds up, sew up the place Get on the paper chase and let us smoke our free base I'm a straight go-getter, grinded till I'm rich I stay down and dirty and screamin' fuck a bitch (fuck you bitch!) Me, Eiht and Don Mega off the hook together It's III tha hood way and Hoo-Bang forever, what Chorus... [EIHT] Three niggas, three time felons with three strikes (yeah) Three times equal 9's, khakis and knives Roll on swings as I bumps the flashlight Nice off I flip to the hard, my shit's tight Small nigga in the backseat with Loc's Tryin' to come up on cash cause we downer at last Gun smoke, my tramp 8's start to spittin' Put the hood I scream loud, give a fuck who I'm hittin' WEST SIDE Compton, Hoo-Bang' fo' sho' Put they work for my G's, six feet below The murda show, muthafuckas ride with me There's one life to live so I cops the key Once upon a time in the projects with heat Slangin' my shit: you don't work, you don't eat You can take this boy out tha hood But you can't take the hood out a nigga Hand stays on the trigga, geah Chorus... [CUBE & EIHT] III tha hood way ye-yey (fo' sho') III tha hood way ye-yey (for the 9-9 fool) III tha hood way ye-yey (you know how tha fuck we do it) III tha hood way ye-yey (Hoo-Bangin' fo' life!) Yeah (geah) Geah The Compton shit MC Eiht (tha criminal shit) For your ass Ice Cube (dumpin' out the Trey) Dumpin' out the Rag seven Mack 10 (givin' yo' ass just what you need) That thug shit West Side Hoo-Bangin' gangstas Compton fo' life Geah Babeeee... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MC Ren f/ Ice Cube Album: Ruthless For Life Song: Comin' After You Typed by: ringmaasta@hotmail.com [MC Ren] In case you didn't know my flows grows for sure I'm makin sure you niggaz don't try me no mo' Weak shit you talkin and I'm surprised it's sellin Ruthless self niggaz full of felon's who the fuck you tellin Braggin bout money where that shit be at after videos all that shit we never see that Bitches with big asses blunts and big cars Shot callin niggaz pissy drunk in them tittie bars Ren assasinatin, all of these Wack ass rappin niggaz that say they sellin keys And fuckin hoes and smokin a million blunts a day Shooting a hundred niggaz and saying he walked away without a scratch Some Rambo shit side a head Livin with yo' mama talkin bout a hundred grand Nigga please, who the fuck you think you talkin to Real niggaz comin after you, we after you [Chorus 2X] You fake ass ballers who we talkin to (We comin) Lyin on records bout what you do (We comin) The shit y'all doin is played out and through (We comin) You come with that shit we come after you [Ice Cube] It's the Don Daddy with the Villain, who you killin Oh we hate em, come verbatim with this cap peelin Top billin, make a million Paparazzi, chase us through the tunnel in the Maserati Now they got me on Hard Copy didn't have to shoot Versace  Yet you still wanna watch me Motherfuckers wait they whole fuckin life and aday Hopin that we can reunite N.W.A. All purpose, try to serve us, gettin nervous, mo' murders Shit can just turn into the service Standin over the carcass You look like the kind of nigga that'd press charges We the largest, we the biggest, we the Niggaz, With the Attitudes Wee longitude you latitude, have some gratitude to the niggaz that started this shit Been around forever BITCH, we smart at this shit Don Mega.. MC Ren.. Ren, Ren! [MC Ren] I make the Planet Groove nigga mo' than BET Yo' bitch tied up phoning home like E.T. So kick in that fifty grand Before you find body parts nigga in Japan A motherfuckin lyricist nigga top cop I'm makin hits with yo bitch ass talkin bout That same old shoot em out I'm smokin fifty blunts That's why yo' shit ain't comin out for like fifty months Ain't nobody tryin to hear your nigga outdated Your wack ass quit tellin niggaz that you made it I'm never faded like a ghost Villain disappear buy some shit to resurrect my dick the next year Ninety eight ninety nine to the earthquake how much garbage these mothefuckers go and make You better shake, fuck that here I come strong Best believe Ren will rock the shit all night long (Best believe) We out [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mr. Mike f/ Ice Cube Album: Wicked Wayz Song: Wicked Wayz (Cube) Ha,Ha,Ha That's right nigga Southwest connection (straight up) Servin' more than peanuts bitch Niggas tryin' to stay rich  (Mike) How many ways...can a killa get paid? (Mike) How many niggas want a gansta boogie I see the junkie in your eyes What do you see me when you see me A G in disguise Been hypmotized since '85 with gansta shit All you niggas get live and represent my click Got bits and pieces on my mind commin' together like lettuce Dear God protect us, cause we're mobbin' like Good Fellas Alias Carlion, maybe the war is on Prone to let my daughter live rich before she's grown If I murdered Capone, would you consider me a villian Chillin' with millionares, ex-killers, and set-trippers My murderous complex begin to hit 'cha Slip ya worse than New Jersey Drive niggas Cause I'm in a  Rush to bust straps like mack-10's When I'm strapped in A '95 Impala Breakin' like Vegas for my dolla While I'm commin' like a hundred miles and gunnin' who gonna test The southwests connect when it ain't shit you possess Yes we got the endo Splurgin' in Benzo Turnin' virgins to nymphos Look what 'cha in fo A 'G thats gonna let his khakis sag Mr. Mike and Ice Cube, franch braids and rags Byatch (Chorus)X2 How many wicked wayz, can a gansta' get his pays When he's trapped in a maze (Cube) I represent the phrase that says crime pays Bitches can we fuck, niggas' can we blaze (Cube) I treat bitches like puppies I got a plate full of guppies Appropriate dish for the big fish Niggas' rich They have my straps Women with gaps Now they wanna' sit in my laps and listen to raps But no Heard a nigga' tight named Mr. Mike Had to catch a flight, its only right Stepped of the plane, Mean Green and Tony Draper Killa was the caper Lets make some paper (Mike) See we can't get enough of this gansta' shit Sick as leukemia for weed in my gansta' click Lets take riches Witness two niggas' dome in the killa' zone Bring your killa' chrome Cause we headed to the terror dome Some niggas' never make it home As long as you got your front  I got your back, its on like that  And like this Let the weed blow, cause all you G's know Who got the wickedess flow The criminiminals (Chorus)X2 (Cube) Say What Niggas' wanna' short my cuts Say what Niggas' wanna' check my nuts  How you sound Ganstas' make the world go 'round Guppies bow down  I'm with some killas' from H-town Chase his ass down to Atlanta, GA Find out where he stay Locate my gate Catch him in the hall  Make his ass call And then I want ya'll to kill cousin's and all (Ha,Ha,Ha) They won't believe all the heat I bring From Palm Springs Niggas in line to catch the ring Of the dyin' Keepin' it calm, so talk slow Cause you'll never know When I'm ready to blow I'm a pro of the lifestyle of the Bloods and Crips Make a lot of cookies filled with chocolate chips The Westsides always been down with the South With Suave mother fuckin' House (Chorus)X4 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Beanie Siegal, Black Rob, Ice Cube Album: Born Again Song: If I Should Die Before I Wake Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhh.. UHH Yeah.. Uhh.. uhh..  Uh! Yeah.. yeah.. Uhh.. I'm on.. Fuck em.. yeah, uhh.. With my hands gripped.. praise the Lord shit Fuck her, never knew her Screw her.. (dump her body, dump her body) sewer Our father.. uh-huh.. What you expected from his next of kin I'm loco bro, but ain't no Mexican I got nines in the bedroom, glocks in the kitchen A shotty by the shower if you wanna shoot me while I'm shittin Uhh, the lesson from the Smith and Wessun is depressin Niggaz keep stressin, the same motherfuckin question How many shots does it take, to make my heart stop and my body start to shake, if I should die before I wake Chorus: Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 2X) With my hands gripped.. praise the Lord shit Our father.. if I should die before I wake [Black Rob] Fluck that Snap a nigga shit, smash him with the fifth, watch his body lift Shut his hottie's lips, bitch screamin, hit her body quick Got me like the trifest not knowin how my life is My life is, rap sheet long as the Turnpike The sheistest, hey fella, who bidded with the lifers Did it with the glocks, spit it witcha pops, you was in diapers Loved me when you came to Rikers Hated me all in the free cypher; mad you can't be like us Some murderers who turn bikers -- see Biggie Smalls recruited these snipers -- alumni do it just like us Some pied pipers, squeezin life out y'all It's all out war, be all wild as all outdoor If a coward got beef, y'all be checkin his palm Paralyzin my niggaz thorough kid, how bout yours? Real quick to screw a nigga then, hop out four Clean the wipers, hit the party up and, hop out yours Bitch nigga.. whoah.. Chorus [Beanie Siegal] Yo when you fuckin wit Mac, you fuckin wit the best Still wall to wall with them dusty Tecs Man you know how I handle my shit, S.K. can on my shit Jump out of vans like Hannibal Smith Man I spit a thousand rounds, your squad don't need it Shredders in a riot pump leave you quadriplegic When I squeeze don't breathe keep it lined and even So when niggaz get hit, they be cryin screamin Lyin bleedin -- from that iron steamin And I ain't tryin to hear that bullshit, I ain't mean it Niggaz start bitchin, when that pistol in they face or I sick two puts to come and get you in your place If I catch you in my shit, I'm wakin my bitch Hear take this shit, crackin the brick, facin that shit Takin two sniffs, grabbin my shit Best believe if I get hit, y'all niggaz takin some shit Picture niggaz takin my shit Chorus [Ice Cube] Niggaz never thought they'd see Cube and Biggie in the year 2000, all drunk and pissy off whiskey, you can miss me, actin gay He's the King of New York, I'm the King of L.A. Doin it the O.G. way; it's sorta like the Brooklyn Way, it's just the crook in me So this is dedicated to the memory of the Notorious One, the glorious one And if you go for your gun, I got to go for mine Cock my nine, and seperate yo' head from yo' spine So, "Grab yo' dicks if you love hip-hop" and fuck you niggaz that shot Big Pop' The conspiracy, of this nation, for assassination of the young black male in this black hell And I can tell, no matter the weather that you and Tupac got yo' shit together California Love Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Public Enemy f/ Ice Cube, Big Daddy Kane Album: Fear Of A Black Planet Song: Burn Hollywood Burn   CHUCK D:   Burn Hollywood burn I smell a riot   Goin' on first htey're guilty now they're gone   Yeah I'll check out a movie   But it'll take a Black one to move me   Get me the hell away from this TV   All this news and views are beneath me   Cause all I hear about is shots ringin' out   So I rather kick some slang out   All right fellas let's go hand out   Hollywood or would they not   Make us all look bad like I know they had   But some things I'll never forget yeah   So step and fetch this shit   For all the years we looked like clowns   The joke is over smell the smoke from all around   Burn Hollywood burn   ICE CUBE:   Ice Cube is down with the PE   Now every single bitch wanna see me   Big Daddy is smooth word to muther   Let's check out a flick that exploits the color   Roamin' thru Hollywood late at night   Red and blue lights what a common sight   Pulled to the curb gettin' played like a sucker   Don't fight the power ... the mother fucker   BIG DADDY KANE:   As I walk the streets of Hollywood Boulevard   Thinin' how hard it was to those that starred   In the movies portrayin' the roles   Of butlers and maids slaves and hoes   Many intelligent Black men seemed to look uncivilized   When on the screen   Like a guess I figure you to play some jigaboo   On the plantation, what else can a nigger do   And Black women in this profession   As for playin' a lawyer, out of the question   For what they play Aunt Jemima is the perfect term   Even if now she got a perm   So let's make our own movies like Spike Lee   Cause the roles being offered don't strike me   There's nothing that the Black man could use to earn   Burn Hollywood burn The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Run-D.M.C. f/ Chuck D, Ice Cube Album: Faces 12" Song: Back From Hell (Remix) Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ INTRO: Chuck D ] Yo  Once again From the dephts of hell Run-D.M.C. Yo, Jam-Master J-J-Jay in the house And y'all take this [ *Jam-Master Jay cuts up* ] (From the dephts of hell) (Heaven is cool, in hell you burn) (I cut the head of the devil and I throw it at you) (Heaven is cool, in hell you burn) (On a lower level where the devils dwell Comin from the one..) (where they at?) (..comin back from hell) [ VERSE 1: Run ] I'm comin back from hell, a jail cell tells no tales The walls, the floors, the blinds, it never fails To catch a little butt from a inmate's head So sorry for you sucker, see ya, sissy, you're dead Another rolled-over casket, tisket, a tasket This ain't no thanks to the pussy-ass bastard Easy for another man to laugh at his face Like I said, his head to bed, another dead inmate Raw to the bone and killed him for the phone Mommy's only son, but left his mama alone The last words he heard "Your time is up", the result Caught back around, his naked face cut to a pulp Never knew he'd go to jail doin murder and he fell (Reporting live from Rikers Island) and comin back from hell (From the dephts of hell) (Back) (back) (from hell) (Back from hell) (Back) (from hell) (Back) (back) (from hell) (Back) (back) (back from hell) (Yeah) (Back) (back) (back).. [ VERSE 2: Ice Cube ] Back from hell But I still smell the same old shit From the lower level Ice Cube'll beat the shit out the devil Nothin changed, still down with the P.E., son But now I'm raising hell with Run Nearly gettin done from the sawed off shotgun Pressin they luck, didn't duck, I hauled off and socked one Don't laugh, hoes, cause I'm down with The Afros Ice Cube ain't The Mack, but I have hoes JMJ drop the hammer And I kick grammar That's mackaframalama Had to ask D.M.C. and the 40oz. Crew What's it all about on the avenue He said, "Come see," gave me a swig of Olde E Then I had to pee upon a tree A nigga got shot by a dopefiend Snort down my dick and unbottoned on my jeans Then the fuckin Lench Mob had to get mean Did a drive-by in the middle of Queens Hot shells hit the ground People stood around, all the niggas that I clowned Jumped on a plane cause it never fails Ice Cube is a muthafucka goin back to hell (Back) (back) (from the dephts of hell) (Back) (back) (from the dephts of hell) [ VERSE 3: Chuck D ] Back up - they can never keep a good man down Of course we don't fuck around You don't know what I mean? Don't mistake us for the Tragically Hip Cause we're born with the trigger lip Here's a story about the devil And the rebel in the middle of a battle With a crew that grew around the avenue This devil was a federal judge who delivered us justice Just us, up the river, but I'm not alone and no one is, his name up against Cause he's been runnin the hoes and the drug thing I know he fought and runnin court, pusher of the button Talkin mo' shit, but sayin nothin now Cause he's seein the faces he saw sit-packin Hardcore and all black and Raw, and you can tell No matter how loud he yell, he ain't leavin hell (Back) (back) (Back) (back) (Back from helllll) (Back from hell) (From the dephts of hell) (Back) (back from hell) (Back from hell) (Back from hell) (From the dephts of hell) (Back) (back from hell) (Back) (back) (back from hell) (Now a nigga like D starts yellin) (Yeah) (Back) (back) (Now) (now a nigga like D starts yellin) (Back) (Now) (now a nigga like D starts yellin) (Back) (Now) (now a nigga like D) [ VERSE 4: D.M.C. ] Back from hell, now a nigga like D starts yellin No sellin out, no tellin who's sellin Word to the 90s, rebels still rebellin Cube, Run and Chuck (yo, what the fuck are they yellin?) Lyrics that I kick might just get me into pee and shit That I'm not with and critics can get the diddick Hits comin crazy, trips for the gravy Played me, paid me, little lady laid me Doooowwnnn to the dephts of heeeellllll Now here we go, and once again We're back from hell, so tell a friend For all of you who thought we're through I'm a full-fledged member of the Hollis Crew I bust a nine or a rhyme or two You know I grew, up on (the avenue) I'ma sip on some brew with my crew We was gettin illy Niggas came through actin silly One punk starts to yell 2 shots, then his man fell He didn't know that Hollis Ave. was hell Don't tell me you ain't with this You think I fell? Chump, that is ridiculous You missin lyrics of the microphone king I grip Figure this, but yo, this is nigga shit Black I.P.'s, MC's wanna-be's Macaroni and cheese, only phoney MC's Play the role and always try to cook up I got tunes, room that I took up Oh well, you know I still dwell Go and tell everybody that I'm back from hell (Dephts of hell) (Back) (from the dephts of hell) (Back)  (Back) (back) Drop it on em, D (Back) (Back) (back) (Back) (Back) (back) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Scarface f/ Ice Cube, Z-Ro Album: My Homies Part 2 Song: Definition of Real Typed by: jostmatt at bluewin dot ch [ VERSE 1: Scarface ] All hail to the OG, I spit the game the most dominant Stoppin 'em dead in they tracks, makin promises To drop 'em, leavin oppostion to die Face II Face with yo killer cause yo killer be I Who that nigga wanna judge this, just let it be known The worst nigga you could fuck with is back on his own Mafia life, ring the alarm, the sky's burnin Wheels keep spinnin as I keep turnin Niggas from ashes to dust, I buck, you die slow Money makes the world go round and I know At the drop of a hat, that's that, brains shattered Face down found in yo house, brains scattered Fuck 'em, you're hardcore? Real nigga come show me Fake, sho' we come with the real, we come forward If not I'm blowin up yo motherfuckin spot Cause once I knock everybody gettin got Bitch, I play these motherfuckin streets for keeps Unlike these other MC's who bust they raps for beats I'm bringin heat [ CHORUS: Z-Ro ] Y'all niggas definition of real gets y'all killed This definition of real can help ya live Mind your own business and you might live long Go fuck over niggas like me and we gon' visit your home Y'all niggas definition of real gets y'all killed This definition of real can help ya live You can be what you wanna be, just don't be up in mine Cause it ain't nothin for a nigga to bust this bitch one time [ VERSE 2: Z-Ro ] Talkin down on me from a safe place, now I'm in yo face What you gon' do now? Nothin but plea bargainin, tryin to avoid arguin I bet gettin gangsta is what you won't do now Firearm in my right palm, twisted off too many cigarillos But never too twisted to make a murder movie, this my intro From a Benzo to a Pinto when I'm leanin on the window Me and a couple of my kinfolk, evil intentions could end yo Life, in the blinking of an eye, ain't no second chance Call a coroner when I dump, damage is beyond an ambulance If I owe ya I'ma be that way, so save the last dance I'ma be Texas-two-steppin with a Smith & Wesson, knock your chest in Bitch ( ? ) freely If it's you or me it gotta be you cause the ones I love need me Even though this world is not my home I'm not homesick I love my life and to protect it I'll go in yo dome, bitch [ CHORUS: Z-Ro ] [ VERSE 3: Ice Cube ] The brainiac, it's a known fact you can't sink me Careers are dyin for niggas that's tryin to outthink me You all know the Mega Don wrote the book You wanna grow like the big boys? Take a look You need to study, you motherfuckers don't believe in money We lay our head where the weed is green and day is sunny The Frankenstein, I never think of lines They come to me in Deep Space 9 by design A hoe conqured by the game It aini't no stoppin this, the infamous name Infest the metropolis You can't keep my ass out the Lone State Even though Joe and Face can push they own weight It's the cavi collaboration While some fools are happy in hibernation And them the ones you can find short And anybody testin Cube I'm stingin tongues like a 9 volt Motherfucker [ CHORUS: Z-Ro ] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Scarface f/ Dr. Dre, Ice Cube, Too $hort Album: The Untouchable Song: Games Over Typed by: OHHLA.com Intro: Too $hort Man, whats up with these niggaz out here Mad at us cause we on top I love to see niggaz gettin money Better get it while the gettin is good Get it while you can, man And stop hatin me, fuckin with my shit cuz I got more hustle than you Get yours, get yours baby Verse One: Dr. Dre Im seeing millions, niggaz dont understand know what? Im makin moves, puttin cash behind plans to blow up, will he style like this everyday I parlay, sip Henne and Tanqueray stay in the mix like Alezay V.I.P., my shit parked valet on the prowl again to get honies familiar with the smile again some try to assault Dre, its still cavi Im eatin steak while they struggle to break the slave mentality I givin livin definition long as my hearts tickin I fought and made the world listen Whatever fly Dr. Dre invented  turn on the box and let my son watch these studio clowns on 60 inches I push a rover, shit platinum before the sessions over rap master with the Houston heat holder these playas best to get they shit in check cuz when I get my hustle on aint no playin with a full deck Chorus: Ice Cube Lord please, murda my enemies (Yeah) Burn em at a thousand degrees And lord please let me make mo cheese Cuz I aint quite ready to leave (No) [repeat 2X] Verse Two: Scarface Buck the whole world meant that, gotta stay strapped cuz 99.9 a niggaz, carry they gats Super fist fightin shit might come down to dyin When the time comes down for the tryin I got nine reasons why niggaz shouldnt step in my face with the nonsense, cause Im always heated and you can taste this Audi little something out the seams a my trousers with no hesitation I got a team to come clown ya I down ya, so let your people know what they face  with the type of individual thatll bomb a sub-station Kaboom! and everybody dies outside there aint no escapin the Reaper so dont try Go ahead, close ya eyes, who the next to step? Face down, hit, bleedin on the steps a death Check yo self, you just been invaded by true soldiers December 31st, 96 (the game is over) Chorus (Ive got all my life to live, plus with all my love to give) Verse Three: Dr. Dre, Scarface  Smokin weed I never trail, I lead spendin dough, tripped the cost of a ride like it was pocket money, Gs but these are the things real playas do  talkin shit is real things that the hatas do Im namin you shits thick, its time to run for shelter I kept the word, things could happen to marks like it was helter skelter Dear diary, Im runnin outta pages Fadin, in and out, takin purple hazes The dazes, Revelations in the last stages Red skys institute, the silent horns playin Im prayin with tears in my eyes Cuz Im tryin to make it into eternal peace without dyin But they eyein my bank account with beams on my rover the killa failed to launch his attack (the game is over) Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Scarface f/ Ice Cube, Willie D Album: My Homies Song: The Ghetto Typed by: ghostbusta@usa.net (send corrections) Scarface: I dedicate this to my world doug strugglers I hope metafy you with peace and all hustling I'm busting, for ya'll niggas Cause your my niggas on tha realer beground these streets for stacking peeler For the dealers, save back on your teams and underrestamate with these who do you get the paper and then get of the street ya'll remember, you'll never give the money and the dope to me cause i wont give a shee to a nigga starvin so we can fluss and blow weed hangin' with the warden how many niggas on the quad who don't giva a fuck Survivin struggls hiting licks out the hippieclub I'm just a homie out the hood who did something so why are you fronting i'm in for ten years and i'll still wanted you heard me homie!  or do you try to tell it to the dumdums they call you niggas and niggas try steel were they come from i bring the front to all my homies out riding help a homie get on his feet, and we'll all riding sange, and fange in this game, but it's true be sure that you'll respecting the power, and that's you never forget the neighbourhood were it started the ghette south eight is my hood and my hearts with the... Chorus: Ghetto, Ghetto. I can't get out of here ghetto nigga ghetto  i can't get out of here Willie D: I represent the southeast, of southeast millenium muthafucka and kay-doo were ya at (one time) bring tha rockas cause muthafuckas being talkin' for so long but now i'm down with the innerface clik and it's on give a fuck were you're from nigga and kay-doo always represtentin that nigga is a fact i've lived in it now look at me, ya'll can't steel rabbit for all ya'll niggas talking that shit, i'm still strapping Will i strapp ya? Niggas with all that hot capit niggas packin' in fake and it ain't happning will you think we're smacking that yellow road is steady packing the home of the ghetto slangin and car jacking nigga, i ain't acting i was brought up in this bitch from the O.P's and all down to the eastwike even flat joe's and even the lingwood is all hood for the Christ your all driving is all hood The ghetto Chorus: Ghetto Ghetto i can't get out of here Ice Cube: I got give it up to my ghetto niggas in the ghetto, bitch, looking forthem ghetto licks geting ghetto rich knowing that the steam in the book flip the gang quick to get my telephone turned on in my mama's name this ghetto slang is some shit thatcan beat collage, you ain't fucking with this hustla with street knolledge 9 to 5 still fliping twenties on the side try to get by the feints i'm making dollars out of fifty cents got the big body benz, with the wheels on it a celuarphone with no bills on it get your ass on this, got to fill on, still want it baby, leen on it, and i can put the kill on it you gotot strap a nigga lie like a singer puting your baby to sleep and turn of your ring and you can catch me on banewick looking sick in a six and some schweiz on my wrist now picture this you got to blow, cause to many niggas out for mr. Jackson's dope ya'll niggas got to go, to the ghetto Chorus: Ghetto, Ghetto. I can't get out of here ghetto nigga ghetto  i can't get out of here Willie D Deathwall is the site when the mic be light as twice as shipp advice to my homies who write me in te pine Now the sale is hell but kids keep sending me mail with their laberty bell, so i can tell you about the half and who got cow for riches, and sending bithces,  i'm making bitches I remember when i just to get beat with extensioncars and we slanged by to see were my house was started stealing out of my mama's perce now that she's gone she lives thrue my songs and it sure hurts i couldn't have treated her worse then in the ghetto and turn our womens into wideows sick to see my homie that i ain't with, trade with, payed with, laughed with dead in a casket. to my pumps we can reach the top but you got a chance to get of the pop if you see your chance baby take it i was the last mothafucka in the world who thoiught i would make it but look at me now, a six on the beach in greeze check from the muthafucka stretts of the ghetto Chorus: Ghetto, Ghetto. I can't get out of here ghetto nigga ghetto  i can't get out of here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Scarface f/ Ice Cube Album: The Diary Song: Hand of the Dead Body Typed by: OHHLA.com -In world news today, officials agree that rapper Brad Jordan alias Scarface must be stopped -After being monitored by secret service agents for two years -Evidence leads Tobacco and Fire Arms officials to believe that his literally dope lyrics promote drug usage and distribution -Degrade women, influence gambling, promote and teach violence and more importantly -Its influencing our minors and destroying our young community -Officials say, he's the lord of underground rap and his music must be stopped Scarface: We got this whole motherfucker on a mission Now the whole entire world's gotta try to come up with a quick decision They claim we threats to society And now they callin on the government to try and make somebody quiet For the bullshit they done to me Gangsta Nip, Spice 1 or 2Pac never gave a gun to me So gangsta rap ain't done shit for that I've even seen white folks from River Oaks go get the gat So why you tryin kick some dust up America's been always known for blaiming us niggas for they fuck-ups And we were always considered evil Now they tryin to bust our only code of communicating with our people Lets peep the game from a different angle Matt Dillon pulled his pistol every time him and someone tangled So why you criticize me For the shit that you see on your tv That rates worse than PG Just bring your ass to where they got me So you can feel the hand of the dead body Chorus:(Repeat 2X) 		Nigga don't believe that song 		That nigga's wrong 		Gangstas don't live that long So now they tryin seperation And sendin black folks in white coats to infiltrate our congregation Tappin into our conversation Saying the message that they give Bring forth or premeditation So David's got a silver mag While listenin to Brad, David gets mad and kills his dad David Duke's got a shotgun So why you get upset cause I got one A tisket a tasket A nigga got his ass kicked Shot in the face by a cop, close casket An open and sgut situation Cop gets got, the wanna blame it on my occupation If you don't dig me, than nigga you can sue me Because the shit that I be sayin ain't worse than no western money Don't blame me blame your man Gotti So you can feel the hand of the dead body Chorus: Ice Cube: You best to free your mine Before I free my nine And stop fuckin with the void in pop Or feel my hot rocks Bang,bang, boom boom, ping ping I'm the black White boys gat a magazine and don't kow how to act I'll attack and make you vomit Down with Kahlid Abdul Muhammad  Do he got a brother, I'm it now I'm the illest Wanna kill this house nigga Don Cornelius Can you feel this? You punk niggas make me sick Suckin on the devil's dick Scared of revolution Need to start deuchin Houston is the place I caught a case Them motherfuckers tried to put a scar on my face But i bust two times to the gut To the Reverend Calvin Butts Gotta pair of nuts? I started this gangsta shit in 86 Now you dissin me For publicity Isn't he a hoe to the third degree Who me I'm a g who like to scrap-a-lot Down with Rap-A-Lot And I can't stop, won't stop So fuck Bill and Hillary Ice Cube their ain't no killin me Ice Cube, Scarface Droppin on these sellin out niggas, doing it like this Chorus: The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Kam and Ice Cube Album: No Pressure Song: The Ill Shit [Chorus, Ice Cube] With tha boom and ping! Listen to the ill shit that I bring bring! (repeats 4 times) [Erick Sermon] What's the 411? Erick Sermon, Ice Cube, and Kam are here to get the job done So back the fuck up! I have an attitude, dude, I'm 'bout ta get rude I'm buckin' out shots during my interlude Right about now I'm 'bout ta get corageous like the cat Got the gat in the corner of my back so get the bozack The American Dream, the people choice pick I flip more vowels than Pat Sajak's white bitch I'm bad ask Michael Jackson's dad about E-Double The mack fram, the black superman made of steel The mic I'm holdin' is a Samson E-D the Green Eyed Bandit in raw fashion I'm lettin' niggaz know my territory My ground is rugged. I kill a million niggaz so fuck it! Nick knack paddy whack give a dog a bone Once again it's on with the brand new song, yeah boy! [Kam] God damn, not Kam! But I'm afraid so, I lay low like a brick Quick to make a cameo, so hand me your eardrum cuz here comes the 411 Little devils don't go to heaven, 187 on a saltine cracker Smack a, paranoid busta so don't make me have to act a fool What's up? Now you can determine The West Coast niggaz is down with Erick Sermon on the G tip We trips hard on the opposition Three niggaz on a mission so listen to the Ill Shit Cuz we'll get wrecked! What you expect! Fuck a rain nigga take a chin check! [Ice Cube] Well here I go again, throwin' up the W Ice Cube and I'm down wit' E-Double crew Pullin' up in my homie's black 6-4 Hittin' switches but mine's a convertible Matched to the West side, still got the 2-2 Cuz some niggaz don't believe in a gang truce Personal shit what is this??? EPMD, goin' out of business? God damnit! Can't leave my dog stranded...the green eyed bandit Picked up Kam cause my nigga need a ride. Fuck a peace treaty But still have the 4-5...glock cocked for the clown Yeah we down pulled up and echoed sound Don't ya know that we can drop 10 of these, dope tracks So fuck all our enemies! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sister Souljah f/ Ice Cube Album: 360 Degress of Power Song: Killing Me Softly; Deadly Code of Silence Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com "The First Amendment specifies specifically that Congress shall not-"  "C'mon, nigga! What they hell you talkin 'bout?" "That means you can say whatever THE FUCK YOU WANT!!!" [Sister Souljah] George Bush is a terrorist He create terror in the minds, hearts and neighborhoods of black people White teachers'll never teach black children how to survive in America Because black kids gotta compete against white kids And white people want their kids to win [woman talks over Souljah's speech] Oh my, it's that woman again, Sister Souljah Oh God, she just doesn't shut up She's always complaining, complaining, and complaining And she doesn't shut up, I wish she would just shut up! [Ice Cube] Sister Souljah hold your fuckin ground like I told ya Cause dem crackers dem try to run ya over Sittin in front of my house in a Nova On your walkie-talkie, why do you stalk me? Cause a jungle bunny's got money, that's not funny to the feds Cut my curl and I might grow dreads  Taking heads, devil, step in the pulpit Cause non-violence, that's a bunch of bullshit In '92, Ice Cube come a little bit black-a  BUCK! BUCK! BUCK! BUCK! BUCK! down the crack-a See ya driving in your Cadillac-a  through South Central and I just might jack ya [Sister Souljah] Yeah, that's right Cube, stand strong, brotha Don't change, cause we gotta, we gotta look out for each other Watch that back, because you know they comin after us But we keep 'em runnin [Chorus: Sister Souljah] I DON'T CARE what you say or think cause Sister Souljah got a right to speak! I don't care how you feel or what cause Sister Souljah don't give a fuck! If MY world's black and yours is white How the hell could we think alike?! I got big brown eyes so I can see And my mind don't play tricks on me! [Ice Cube] Cause you teach, freedom of speech  As long as black men don't say Howard Beach Rodney King or Bensonhurst Tawanna and Latasha, we ain't forgot ya Don't say Jew or Korean  It's acting like a bad human being They'll try to call you a demon Don't know what the fuck Ice Cube is seein Get off my dick, I might spray you with the semen Me know the answer: come, come down Black Panther To the youth, an eye for an eye A tooth for a tooth, a gun for a gun A knife for a knife, and a life for a life, check it! [Sister Souljah] AMERICA is always trying to strangle and silence black people America is the most VIOLENT country on the face of the earth But they are ALWAYS tryin to stuff non-violence down the throats of African people Why America was violent in Kuwait, violent in Grenada, Violent in Nicaragua, violent in Angola,  Violent in Vietnam, and violent in Korea?! And America has been responsible for ALL forms of violent destruction  of African people throughout the entire world Why, in fact, America is even violent in AMERICA?! ...And as for my brother Cube Some think he's RIGHT, and some think he's WRONG But Sister Souljah, I like him, cause I like 'em strong! Say what you want to say, you have the right! [Ice Cube] Sister Souljah, Ice Cube, comin fresh You didn't EXPECT this one! Hahaha Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Ice Cube Album: Tha Blue Carpet Treatment Song: LAX Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com "Oh... Cali? "No doubt" "LAX" "Oh... Cali?" "No doubt baby" - (x4) [Snoop Dogg] West West y'all, pile it on your plate A little somethin' somethin' from the Golden State Nah, we ain't like Kobe and Shaq It's Magic and Kareem nigga, Showtime is back True legends, two steppin' on you peasants What y'all thought, y'all gon' need bout two vests' Cause we he plug, I plug Mixed shot with the slug, listen here cuh when I dig dug - play slick and get stuck But don't play tough boy, go and get it up Hey yo Cube, tell me this Why half of the homies gettin' worked by a bitch? Then they fall in love and get hurt by a bitch Nine months later cause got mirked by a bitch See I'm just a nigga that ya don't wanna Reverse the game on her, put the bitch on a corner Welcome to California "LAX" "Oh... Cali?" "No doubt baby" "LAX" "Oh... Cali?" "No doubt baby" (Welcome to Cali) "LAX" "Oh... Cali?" "No doubt baby" (Welcome to Cali) "LAX" "Oh... Cali?" "No doubt baby" (Welcome to Cali) [Ice Cube] Come hit the town, drop down nigga L-A-X, top down nigga I'm scoopin' you up, ya rollin' or what? I know what ya came for, I'm rollin' it up Snoop Dogg nigga, y'all hold up Never thought Ice Cube would show up But I'm in the studio gettin' fucked up with a beat from Battlecat, a nigga lucked up I got my hustle down, look and learn See how a hot nigga, cook and burn A nigga earn like David Stern mixed with Big Worm when he off that sherm Now - bust a u-turn, come by your hood For motherfuckers that think I went Hollywood Pick a Coast, it got to be the West I live out there, from the W.S. nigga "LAX" "Oh... Cali?" "No doubt baby" "LAX" (Welcome to Cali) "Oh... Cali?" "No doubt baby" "LAX" (Welcome to Cali) "Oh... Cali?" "No doubt baby" "LAX" (Welcome to Cali) "Oh... Cali?" "No doubt baby" [Ice Cube] Fell asleep on the plane, and so did he Woke up chillin' in the LBC I grew up in the HNC But that ain't what I turned out to be Understand me that I'm still a G who ain't never spent a day in the penitentiary Now I'm rappin' with Snoop D-O double-G And got the whole fuckin' world nigga lovin' me [Snoop Dogg] Yep yep, they love him to death Cause he walk under water, without gettin' wet Roll through the neighborhood without gettin' checked So gone and so blown, are we there yet? You wonder why I got the S on my chest cause I'm a motherfuckin' vet from the Wild Wild West I used to sing "Bennie and the Jets" Nigga so boss now I sip Henny on my jets From the East back to the West "LAX" "Oh... Cali?" "No doubt baby" "LAX" "Oh... Cali?" "No doubt baby" (Welcome to Cali) "LAX" "Oh... Cali?" "No doubt baby" (Welcome to Cali) "LAX" "Oh... Cali?" "No doubt baby" (Welcome to Cali) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Ice Cube, The Lady of Rage, MC Ren, Nate Dogg Album: Tha Last Meal Song: Set it Off Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*Timbaland ad libs while Snoop talks*} [Snoop] Real nigga shit.. Now I'm bout to show you how the West coast rock Real nigga shit Now I'm bout to show you how the West coast rock Real nigga shit.. [MC Ren] Here come The Villain again, grab your hoe and get the fuck outta town This nigga shit make the world go round It's that black nigga Ren, duck when I bust Make Jada get on these nuts, make Will, love to cuss You wanna fuck with us? Man, I wouldn't do it Ask this nigga here, his ass, we ran right through it You out actin like yo' shit be tight Get some shit, fuck it off like Tamika Wright Get the fuck out my site, I Ren-incarnate Droppin West coast shit in every motherfuckin state Motherfuckin legend, y'all niggaz be knowin You can leave yo' bitch and keep on goin [Snoop Dogg] I am Doggy Dogg bitch (beitch) love to hit a switch Never hit a bitch (beitch) love that gangsta shit Can I hear your flow? Can I fuck yo' hoe? Boy you hard on 'em - nigga you ain't know? When you testify, you got to keep it fly A lot of niggaz lie, shit we do or die E'ryday we high, it's like a nine to five I got my nina my fo'-heata beata by my side I keep it tucked close when I'm on the West coast (West coast) I keep it on post when I'm with my East coast folks locs (East coast) Y'all know what's crack-a-lackin I'm from the hood of the drivebys and kidnappings, and car-jackings [Chorus: Ice Cube] Me and Snoop Dogg on the hog On our way to the mall, fuck alla y'all We gon' ball til we fall, watch the chrome crawl Intercept these fine bitches cause we want 'em all Droppin drawers, poppin coochie and lickin balls Only gangsta ass nigga follow nigga laws Only gangsta ass bitches get to run the hogs Only real ass niggaz get to set it off [The Lady of Rage] Now, the way I gets off in that ass it's a sin to not assassin Grab a microphone have flashbacks and start flashin, ahh I'm bound to toast ya String you up like you was on the Ponderosa Sip on Mimosa do it that way cause I'm supposed ta Now most of ya, don't measure up I'll make it hot and turn the pressure up Steamin, regular, nah supreme and I ain't gassed I blow an MC away like Fox(?) when I pass Ain't nuttin shitty about this here fuck around and that's that ass Just like, grass I, I want more Green than the Goblin Matter of fact I want more Bank than that chick that be modelin (UHH!) My uzi weighs more than a single ton I leave you single son, who wanna mingle not a single one Hah, now tell me what you figure, nigga Rob load up the show slow flow spitter The hard hitter (UHH) the R nigga, roll I break it down sweet then I bring it back slow [Nate Dogg] Nigga that was dumb diggy diggy dumb dumb Here them niggaz come kiddy kiddy come come I think a nigga sprung spriggy spriggy sprung sprung Probably why he done diggy diggy done done Yo' lady think I'm cute, I be knockin her boots When she's away from home, she be swallowin juice You thinkin that's yo' son, but he ain't lookin like you See the barrel of a gun, nigga whatcha gon' do? Set it off [Snoop Dogg] Niggaz pop mo' shit while we drop mo' shit Continously, nigga nigga please Slang yo' ki's, birdies and trees You can catch me and my niggaz, overseas Shootin the breeze, with a cute Vietnamese or was she Lebonese? I think she Chinese It really don't matter cause they all on they knees It's somethin bout these motherfuckin West coast G's Make that cheese, when the cops come you bet' not freeze Blast on 'em like the Genovese, they yo' enemies Lock you up and fuck you up Talk shit to you beat you down then cuff you up and leave you in a cell stuffed (damn!) I ain't got no money for bail, that's real as fuck (f'real) Tryin to get a meal ticket and kick it Chill, catch a plane to Spain or maybe Brazil on the real can you feel me? {*Timbaland ad libs for a bit*} [Kurupt] Yeah, yeah, set it off It's Kurupt Young Gotti Doin it big, for all y'all suckers We set it off, Snoop Dogg! It's "Tha Last Meal" Last time y'all suckers gon' eat off my big homeboy We set it off! We set it off! West coast The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Brother J, Ice Cube, Big Krizz Kaliko Album: Killer Song: Blackboy Typed by: J_KAY_13@yahoo.com [Verse 1 - Tech N9ne] And I was told in school I was a fool and money, I'd never gain none but I used my flow as a tool, they was cruel said I'd be no rapper, but I did work and became one Now it's a cryin shame, I'm buyin thangs and they got debts they got to pay back I think I know why my teachers would look in my eye and say that... And why's that? [Chorus - Big Krizz Kaliko] Cuz I'm a Blackboy... Came from nothing, don't mean my life means nothin Made it out the game through the pain and sufferin Y'all don't think I see them purses y'all clutchin? (I do) See I'm a Blackboy... Scared when you see me, frauds disappear like a genie Little whiteboys want to be me but you don't want to go through What I go through... true definition of a Blackboy [Verse 2 - Tech N9ne] It must be the way that my pants sag or the sparklin diamonds on the watch my left hand has I know my appearance is looking like I am bad In your department store all I wanna do is pop a damn tag Made it honest, that's why the blacks get mad at you Even foreigners shop and got big graditude I make more than you, but you got the additude Like I can't be shoppin at Saks Fifth Avenue I'm just tryin to buy my baby some creed spring flower But they don't know that the Tecca Nina cheese means power So they look at me like none of my breed brings valor Thats why when you see us in passing we seem sour Last time I checked, my power shockeras I was on top of the indy charts and not a slotera but I'm the author of darkness and I like the opera So why when I'm at Macbeth they wont treat me more propera? [Chorus - Big Krizz Kaliko] Cuz I'm a Blackboy... Came from nothing, don't mean my life means nothin Made it out the game through the pain and sufferin Y'all don't think I see them purses y'all clutchin? (I do) See I'm a Blackboy... Scared when you see me, frauds disappear like a genie Little whiteboys want to be me but you don't want to go through What I go through... true definition of a Blackboy [Verse 3 - Brother J] Frontline... shoot, soldiers represent that Frontline... shoot, Grand Verb, it's the snatch back Head wrapped in the desert, boombox on the camel back Escape from the clone lab, fugitives spook black With finesse in you, its the knowledge from way back The prophet of the page dont eat right till it all cracks Blackboy rappin from the pages torn Street scriptures more classic than the Jimmy Cracked Corn A spawn of the movement, keep the music movement So my purpose stays clear and my music stays groovin I do it for the real, I don't need Jena Six for me to know America is still on that bullshit So people think that black are just ball players and singers That massa complex is what fuels the street bangers and street soldiers to stand up No choice to get it right, so these Blackboys can finally get they man up [Chorus - Big Krizz Kaliko] Cuz I'm a Blackboy... Came from nothing, don't mean my life means nothin Made it out the game through the pain and sufferin Y'all don't think I see them purses y'all clutchin? (I do) See I'm a Blackboy... Scared when you see me, frauds disappear like a genie Little whiteboys want to be me but you don't want to go through What I go through... true definition of a Blackboy [Verse 4 - Ice Cube] I'm a Blackboy and always gettin underestimated But when I move next door, I know you hate it You had my whole family investigated and when they didn't find no crack, you said I ate it Uh-uh, a motherfucker just elevated over ghetto life that was designated You see this Blackboy, you know heaven made it I don't want to go if I got to integrate it You know pellot boy, be happy you made it Just take what you got, and stop complainin Ok, weather man will stop the rainin on my people head, and start explainin what your people said, believe in the bible but you still act barbaric and psycho My name is Ice Cube, bitch, it ain't Michael I'll never bleach my own skin just to be like you [Chorus - Big Krizz Kaliko] Cuz I'm a Blackboy... Came from nothing, don't mean my life means nothin Made it out the game through the pain and sufferin Y'all don't think I see them purses y'all clutchin? (I do) See I'm a Blackboy... Scared when you see me, frauds disappear like a genie Little whiteboys want to be me but you don't want to go through What I go through... true definition of a Blackboy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Terminator X f/ Chuck D, Ice Cube, Ice-T, MC Lyte Album: Superbad Song: Sticka Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ice-T] That's fucked up... where your bodyguards at Godfather? Chillin [Chuck D] You know, every now and then I think people want to hear something from us, nice and easy But there's just one thing you see We never (never) ever (ever) do (do) nothin nice and easy We always gotta do it hard and rough We're gonna take the meaning of this song, and make it hard But at the same time, we're gonna do the style rough (rough) And we're bout to let you know that we (can't) can't get with censorship And the bottom line is that the sticka ain't shit Hit me off one The boom, the boom, the boom Verse One: Chuck D Ha! I take the sticka, wear it like a badge you can pick a Buckwild style raw like a hardcore Jack the Ripper Can't take away my freedom I'm, gettin some Run run against censorship like a slave ship I'm having none of this racist, hit or miss I'm like a doc on the rock, I gotta cut it off I won't let em off and don't forget em Remember the Feds said to a nigga, "Go get him" And all I got left is a swift def rough rhythm and rhyme and a piece of my mind, yo! And now I got a little help from my friends Cause you know I can't do it myself Can I get some help? (Yes yes you can!) Ah can I get some help? (Yes yes you can!) Ah can I get some help, y'all? (Yes yes you can!) Well, can I get another (the boom) boom (the boom) Boom (the boom) boom (the boom) boom We laugh at the sticka, ha ha ha sticka (Repeat 3X) C'mon Terminator can I get another hit? (Yeah) We laugh at the sticka, ha ha ha sticka (Repeat 3X) So here's another motherfucker kickin that shit! Verse Two: Ice-T Bang, motherfucker, bang, I kick street slang Cause this is a G Thang so I'ma let my nuts hang Nigga; I pull the trigga, blow out your fuckin guts Violent? Yeah, I'm the LA MC tyrant Huh, the bigga the sticka the bigga the bank, thanks I gank punks, funk trunks and give a fuck bout what a censor think Ice nigga, Ice nigga step and die twice nigga Rollin with the X, yo censor this, bitch! I rock the ill rhymes, you trip you get flatlined It's war time, soft MC's hear a beat and it's bore time Yo, no pretendin, I'm independent Cause I kill cops yo nigga Warner got dropped We laugh at the sticka, ha ha ha sticka (Repeat 3X) So here's another motherfucker kickin that shit! Verse Three: MC Lyte Yeah! You say sticka, I say 'Who gives a fuck?' I don't front, I do what I want and I'm runnin amuck "Don't do this, accentuate the positive" You want Positive? I'll show you where that nigga live Cause if I'm positive, it's cause I choose to be that way Not cause you told me to, cause this ain't no Simon Say It's representin that I like it like this Two shits, three fucks, and one bad motherfuckin bitch (Ha ha ha sticka. So here's another motherfucker kickin that shit) Verse Four: Ice Cube How the fuck you think you're gonna stop me with a sticka?  (Bitch) I'm under twenty-one still gettin liquor Buckin niggaz down on Sega Now I got my nine like Arnold Schwarzeneggar Terminator X rock and roll, if you're able  (Yep) Checkin out the Playboy Channel on cable Wish I had a missile like they showed on CNN Desert Storm I'm just gettin warm Kill em and kill em and then watch it drop And they'll let me, blame it on Tupac Say 2 Live Crew, and you jerk out Show the same amount of ass on the Jane Fonda workout You wish I was in church, in the right attire To see Jimmy Swaggart, fuck the whole choir (Wassup) How the fuck you think you gonna punk me? When Elvis was a motherfuckin junkie! A fat ass slob and a tramp Now we need to put Cypress Hill on a stamp From my nigga Ice-T, all the way to Chuck D See, we down and you can't seem to fuck me With a sticka so now I guess ya figure You'll have to kill a nigga, and that's when it's on (Bitch!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Too $hort f/ Ice Cube Album: Short Dogg's in the House Song: Ain't Nothin' But a Word to Me Typed by: kane@primenet.com [Too $hort] Now take my bitch She won't complain about shit Becuase, she's my hoe She don't belong to a trick So when you fuck her, and give her all your cash I get paid, or put my foot in her ass I won't marry the bitch, and give her half I get more head, and then I laugh, at the one bitch shit I got a gang of hoes I get, freak, ass, lick, these balls and toes [Ice Cube] Now stupid little bitches get tossed If they don't realize I'm the motherfucking boss Come on down and get your ass pinched And if you talk shit, get your ass lynched Cause I'm the B the I the T the C the H The K the I the L the L the A Ice Cube, a nigga that's bigga than a nut Cause a bitch is a bitch is a hoe is a slut [Too $hort] You say how can I call a women a bitch? It ain't nothing but a word like shit Ain't no slippin in my motherfucking pimping And all bitches ain't women You come home and get smooth cussed out You gotta a bitch with a foul ass mouth Scared to tripp her with a left hook You'z a bitch in my book Bitch [Ice Cube] My nigga Jinx made the mix So punk ass motherfucking bitches get the 86 I keep hoes on five (yeah bitch) Cause I'm fucking more pussy than the law allow With my boy Too $hort See, he quick to grab a bitch by the throat And slam her ass, cram her ass, with a fat dick Cause she's a trick bitch [Too $hort] I like fat bitches, and I like 'em slim I'll take a fat bitch, and stick my dick right in, her big fat ass She'll make me cum again I'm mack daddy bitch, fuck her friend I saw your homegirl, she said whats up with us I said nothing, fucked her on a tour bus She got it good too, dicked down on the floor The bitch was fine, but the pussy ain't good as yours [Ice Cube] She a straggler, struggler, straight salome smuggler Everytime I see the bitch, she's looking uglier And if you got a trick ass on your left Sitting there with dick on her breath Last night she sucked my dick, now she's kissing little man Won't even suck my dick, unless cut out the middle man And if you have never heard of me You'z a bitch It ain't but a word to me Female voice: I'll stop calling ya, Beyotch(echo) [Too $hort] Man Fuck these hoes man, ya know 	(nappy ass bitch ass tramp ass sluty ass hoe) Female voice: I'll stop calling ya, Beyotch(echo) [Too $hort] I go hard on a bitch, fuck respect for ya men I get my way with a bitch, when I act like a pimp Always carrying bank, but I fooled the bitch Cause all she ever got was to druel on my dick Ice Cube will slap a hoe for the fuck of it Just like me and that's some real shit Bitch got bold with her loud ass mouth Tough ass bitch got knocked out You know a bitch ain't nuthin but a word to me Some of you punks are just scared to see If you could call that bitch a bitch you would And if you can't, you probably should I'm spitting game to you mark ass lames On how how to get a bitch and treat the bitch like shit You can't buy love, all pimps know that It's all about the way old Short Dogg macks Don't hold the bitch hand or walk side by side Go first class everytime you fly She'll go Greyhound, and just meet you there I'm just an ice cold hard ass Oakland player You want to tongue kiss bitch, it figures I introduce you to my homeboy Richard Also known by his nickname Dick Now lets tongue kiss bitch [Ice Cube] I like big butts so let it be known to the public I bust a rap or two and the bitches love it I'm only out for one thing so hate me I ain't the one so don't try to fade me I don't wear too much gold because it's tacky I bust a Raider hat T-Shirt and Khakis See a lot of hoes in freaky clothes everyday So I talk to 'em in any ol can I way See a bitch need a nigga to coach 'em So I grab my dick and smoothly approach 'em I say "hi" and I'm really kind of pitched If they ignore me then I say "Yo freak bitch" Give up the number hardly, we'll have a slumber party You see I'll fuck you to death and then I'll dump the body Cause I'm a nigga that's bigga than crew or a gang And when it comes to bitches I'm out for only one thang Yo bitch ain't nothing but a word to me, $hort The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trick Trick f/ Ice Cube, Lil Jon Album: The Villain Song: Let it Fly Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Trick Trick] Yeah! This your boy Trick Trick I got my dawg Ice Cube in this motherfucker (Lench Mob!) I got my dawg Lil Jon close by too Right about now I need everybody to get they motherfuckin hands up And wherever the fuck you from Let the whole club see it What! What! Like this! [Chorus: Lil Jon] Throw your hood up, nigga let me see it (let me see it) Throw your sets up high in the sky (in the sky) Let the whole club know that you in this bitch Throw your hood up, nigga let it fly (let it fly) [Trick Trick] From 7 Mile, B.K. to Crenshaw to Camden to Bankhead All our homies get cheese (get cheese) Lynnwood to A-Z, Compton to Brook-nam Fifth Ward hitters pimp be (pimp be) School Craft to Grape Street, Harlem to 8th Street Ninth Ward killers throw it up (throw it up) Southwest to Brightmo', Puritan to 6 Mile Number streets won't hold 'em up (hold 'em up) Eastside you see the E's, Westside show the dubs Riders all around throwin fourths (throwin fourth) Blue and red flags up in the air hangin high and can see 'em C'in and B-walk (B-walk) Little G's khaki suited with French braids, AF-1's Ducati frames on beams (on beams) O.G.'s distributin them big thangs swingin them big chains Sportin that lil' teen (teen) [Ice Cube] Yeah G-A-N-G-S-T-A (gangsta) S-H-I-T in a white tee (you know) I am the H-double-O-D Y'all niggaz know me, the big double O.G. (yea-yea) Fuck the police, I used to roll goalie I used to hold these and drink down 40's All the rolies would come to control me I'm uncontrollable when I'm on some gold D's (ooh-ooooh!) Back the fuck up, I'm hard as concrete Sidewalk gun talk university Every hood's the same, up in Detroit I'm with Trick Trick, smoked about three joints On to bump one 'fore we hit the parkin lot After the fifth one niggaz don't talk a lot Hit the club, mean mug, what you lookin at? (What you lookin at?) Who that bitch you with? I'll put a hook in that [Lil Jon] If you true to yo' hood and you rep yo' set Throw it up, throw it up, throw it up, throw it up Eastside, Westside, Southside, where you at? Throw it up, throw it up, throw it up, throw it up What up cuz, cuz? What up Blood, Blood? Throw it up, throw it up, throw it up, throw it up Midwest, West Coast, Dirty South, East Coast Throw it up, throw it up, throw it up, throw it up [Outro: Ice Cube] + (Trick) What up Trick Trick? (What up O.G.?) This your nigga Ice Cube (right) Now check this out, I'm in downtown Detroit (alright) On my way to the club (right) I find out, that the bitch I'm text messagin (uh-huh) Is the same bitch the mayor's text messagin (OHHH!) What niggaz to do man? But keep it hood, fuck it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Warren G f/ B-Real, Snoop Dogg, Ice Cube, Side Effect Album: In The Mid-Nite Hour Song: Get U Down Part 2 Typed by: rollinlacs@yahoo.com (Intro, Warren G) This song is dedicated to all my people That was caught up in hurricane Katrina Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama We ridin with y'all You know what I'm sayin? I feel your pain We gon' make it through this y'all Yeah Come on (Verse 1, Warren G) We here today, then gone tomorrow It's got me singin a Marvin Gaye song It made me wanna holla So I hop in my Impala Just to cruise, shake my blues It's hard to follow Hard to swallow what they sayin on the news Good Lord, it's a crazy world Watchin cops puttin cuffs on a five year old girl Racism, racism, got our babies in the system Mom and daddies in the prison That's intention, no division They the ones that's all you got They keep the families divided Keep it gangsta, keep it real That's all I hear, but I dont buy it When it's Revolution time, all these fool's will keep quiet Like shhhh, you can-you can hear a pin drop Can't go to one-ten cuz I might get popped People shootin on the freeway, when will it stop? But stay strong, cause the rain don't last And push the war up in 'em, will fix the price on gas (Hook, Side Effect) Don't let nobody, no-o-o one Get you doooowwwwnnnnn Cause if they do, if they do I'll be arouuuunnnndddd (Verse 2, Ice Cube) Why the black and the brown got to fight in the Pen. The black and the brown, they squabbin again Them God damned sheriffs, is laughin again It all stink, keep yo ass out the wind See the black and the brown, we can share the same land When I was a slave, where the hell did I ran? California man, it was full of mexi-cans Look mu-fasa, this is they casa Just, kick back and enjoy the sunshine Live ya life, stay away from one-time Get'cha money man, find the lunch line This ain't a joke, homie where's the punch line? The ghetto is a trap homie, take the cheese Soon as you do it, here come the police Invented and designed for us to fail Homie, don't you end up dead or in jail (Hook) Don't let nobody, no-o-o one Get you doooowwwwnnnnn Cause if they do, if they do I'll be arouuuunnnndddd (Verse 3, B-Real) What's really good? What's really hood? What's really goin on? Open your eyes and ears Wipin your eyes from tears From all the lies and fears People get blinded here Let me define it clear You gotta cross the bed Tell 'em some thoughts, oppressed Someone who flosses there You gettin lost in there Homie they cost they fares Niggas get bought and passed Tell us, get caught somewhere Never get tortured, kid I heard the shot from there Hit on the spot, from where Right on the street, prepared Levels of heat, you there Spit at my feet, I swear I will retreat, for years People deceive the peers Make you believe the cheers But underneath the smears I keep switchin gears Fall in my sleep, I wear For all the seekin shake You got a dime to spare? You sound so sincere You're bottom line, bitch yea You sound so sincere (Hook) (Verse 4, Snoop Dogg) I try to do right I don't wanna do wrong I'm doin better things Man, I wanna live long Ain't too many fools out there harder than me I love football so much, man I started a league Oh what a pity, is made for the inner city Used to be dark, but now the park's real pretty Lil' boys outside, throwin footballs In the hood y'all Hey Snoop Dogg, how could y'all? Let 'em pass instead of blast The football field is a class And I'ma teach ya, teach ya my lesson Shotgun formation, no Smithson, no Wesson The haters keep stressin And everybody wanna ask me the question Hey Boss Dogg, how you feel now? You helpin out the kids, and they still hatin on ya, wow! (Outro, Warren G) You know what I'm sayin There's a lot goin on in this world But we gotta keep on pushin and movin and groovin You know what I'm sayin? Yea, even though we got these hard times We still gotta keep it steady, ya know? Keep pushin So I want y'all to ride with me and cha-cha to this Dedicated to my people out there strugglin (Stay strong) Single parents, nine-to-five, steady hustlin (Stay strong) College students workin hard to be somethin (Stay strong) Anybody makin somethin out of nothin (Stay strong) Dedicated to my people on lock down (Stay strong) Anybody lost somebody, wish they still around (Stay strong) To all the soldiers fighting for us on foreign ground (Stay strong) To one and all, turn them frowns upside down (Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: W.C. f/ Ice Cube Album: Guilty by Affiliation Song: 80's Babies Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Chorus: W.C.] If you was born in the '80s then I'm probably your papa Cause 9 times out of 10 I fucked your mama 9 times out of 10 she gave me drama But, fuck that shit, I'm all about the dollar [Ice Cube] When you see me in the streets you can call me daddy When you go see your mama know I hit that fatty Back in the day, before she got ratty I, had her ass in the back of my Caddy And, you know I done it, I'ma keep it 100 Back when she had more ass than stomach Back, before her looks started to plummet She would call me everynight, beggin' she want it I would go pick her up, then dick her up Then stick her up, for some gas bucks For some lunch money, and some fast food Nigga was a pimp before a Nigga With a Attitude And when you picture that I know you wanna get your gat Understand atomic dog always get the cat And if young motherfuckers ain't feelin' that I wish she can open up, and put ya back [Chorus: W.C.] (Ice Cube) If you was born in the '80s then I'm probably your papa Cause 9 times out of 10 I fucked your mama 9 times out of 10 she gave me drama But, fuck that shit, I'm all about the dollar (If you was born in the '80s then I'm probably your papa Cause 9 times out of 10 I fucked your mama 9 times out of 10 she gave me drama But, fuck that shit, I'm all about the dollar) [W.C.] Stomp down, bang loose for the cash figga It's the candypaint blue '6-deuce ass lifter Talk trash off of liquor then we kickin' yo' bitch ass up wipin' the grass off your back nigga I'm one of the few of the true last y'all Reppin' the G's and I ain't easin' off the cash y'all Disrespectful ass groupie new nigga Can't do shit but shut the fuck up and salute me nigga Lench Mob, Big Swang the chrome eight arms Been doin' this since Magic was playin' at The Forum When Boogie Down and Scott Laraque dropped I was at the Raising Hell Tour fuckin' your mama in the parking lot When LL was rockin' the bells, before Cardia and Chanelle's I was skeetin' on the Gazelle's, in slow motion But only if a nigga knew she was havin' you I would have made the bitch get an abortion [Chorus: Ice Cube] (W.C.) If you was born in the '80s then I'm probably your papa Cause 9 times out of 10 I fucked your mama 9 times out of 10 she gave me drama But, fuck that shit, I'm all about the dollar (If you was born in the '80s then I'm probably your papa Cause 9 times out of 10 I fucked your mama 9 times out of 10 she gave me drama But, fuck that shit, I'm all about the dollar) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: W.C. f/ Ice Cube Album: Guilty by Affiliation Song: Addicted to It Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Ice Cube] Yo, what's up? Official Tizzle nigga Hood certified, Dub Sizzle [W.C.] Where my, where my, where my hustlers at? Where my, where my, where my hustlers at? Where my hustle is at, where my hustlers at? Babies getting.. getting.. money, throw their hands up Getting.. getting.. money [Verse One: W.C.] Sixteen in the chamber (Yeah!) With a stack between my fingers (What's Up?) Geto Boys, N.W.A, Schooly D in the CD changer Reclining like The Mac (The Mac) swoop on the ave Cruise the block like a float in a parade in a seven and a half Sitting low baby so rugged than the Pro Fitted Hustler, hustler, nigga all I know is a goal get it Ah, ah, ah, the four is so wicked Strip for me baby, slide down this chocolate pole and grip it Going all out for the dough, ball out and roll Dub keep it G, nigga this hood shit is all I know (That's all I know) Got the dice snicking up, my ice cleaned up Now I cater the streets like the weed man out of the ice cream truck Diamonds on my neck, shining in the club like daylight (Daylight) Dub C be hitting the ride By the end of the night, you be saying all right 22 is the inches (Bitch!) 69 is the position (Yeah!) Lench Mob and gangster shit (Gangster shit) Getting money's my addiction nigga [Ice Cube] Boy, you better bow down when you see an O.G. Coming straight out the hood, it's my nigga W.C. Boy, you better give it up before we do you ugly We addicted to it, getting closer to it [W.C.] Where my, where my, where my hustlers at? Where my, where my, where my hustlers at? Where my hustle is at, where my hustlers at? Babies getting.. getting.. money, throw their hands up Getting.. getting.. money [Ice Cube] I'm addicted to green that don't burn Up in the kitchen without a concern Motherfuckers will learn it's my turn I'm addicted to it, getting closer to it [Verse Two: W.C.] Making it bounce, making it bounce Chrome frame making it bounce, I know girls like money So I'm sticking them and dicking them out Dick in their mouth, putting a dick in their mouth With a .44 on me sticking out, windows getting foggy while We doing it all night doggy style Acting up, run the weed up, jag in cup, G'd up Fucking it up, my Chucks moving and doing my new dance While I'm holding my n-eez-uts Back down then side to side while I skip skip throw my dubs up high Running around South Central bottom With a bandanna on my steering column Slap boxing, dominoes, Jail figures squatting low Switching up in our fly S5 on mine Middle finger out the window with one time riding When I beat up on the concrete I be sliding When I get up on a bitch their eyes get wide and When they see me sagging and agging them Lench Mob medallion blinding them Hood screw up your stars, and it ain't no killing ours Still the stars, whoop your ass for the cash Yeah, I'm guilty as charged Quarter pounds, assholes, whatever you need, best believe don't trip If the price is right, I take a trip for flip And get them off all, one by one zip for zip Sitting on, but I'm dipping on, but I'm tipping on Nigga getting it on, with a freak on the side of me Sipping Patron, trying to whip it on, baby licking my bone And I'm starting to moan, cause them lips are long And I can see me getting my pimping on, and she tripping on But I'm twisting on, my swap meet corduroy slippers on Cause I'm real with this, I was built for this Nigga motherfucking W.C. is still the shit And I ain't leaving until I get another meal in this So every time I spit it I'm killing shit So nigga dig a ditch, get out the wilderness I'm hood certified and still with this When will I quit? - Oh! fuck it nigga I ain't quitting until I'm filthy rich [Ice Cube] Boy, you better bow down when you see an O.G. Coming straight out the hood, it's my nigga W.C. Boy, you better give it up before we do you ugly We addicted to it, getting closer to it I'm addicted to green that don't burn Up in the kitchen without a concern Motherfuckers will learn it's my turn I'm addicted to it, getting closer to it [Outro: W.C. X2] Where my, where my, where my hustlers at? Where my, where my, where my hustlers at? Where my hustle is at, where my hustlers at? Babies getting.. getting.. money, throw their hands up Getting.. getting.. money The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: WC f/ Ice Cube Album: The Shadiest One Song: Can't Hold Back Typed by: quickmik@mediaone.net Mm, mm, mm [WC] Aw Yeah I'm wit this It's me, the shadiest one (Dub, callin' all dubs) [Ice Cube] Hot licks, hot licks  Comin' wit them hot licks, hot licks Hit 'em wit them hot licks, hot licks Rollin' with them hot licks Hot licks [WC] Haters steppin to me, they wanna get some But I'ma dub, yo, yo, you know the outcome Another victory, they can't get wit' me Smoke from the left so coupe it's all they ever see I'm on the grind, I got's to get mine, loc I been puttin' it down since the days of low pro, so Why's everybody now hatin' on me? (why?) Could it be I'm runnin' wit the dub SCG Or is it that I'm countin my riches Getting' my fingernails cleaned And being braided by the finest bitches Whateva the case you need to back up off my Benz Keep my name out yo mouth and slow down like loose ends Cuz I wrote for gears, y'all Came to 'fore I served all y'all  I deserve my R y'all Dub C, the new leader of the pack Wit' the brand new sack, and yo, I can't hold back [Chorus: Ice Cube] It ain't a problem that I can't fix And I can do it wit' yo bitch So if you lookin' for trouble and you wanna feel muscle  All up against yo brain And away go troubles down the drain I said away go troubles down the drain (Bang, bang dub C!) [WC] Not just braggin', snippin', saggin' Bang when I talk make the whole world c-walk I wants a little, yeah nigga, no doubt I put myself in this game, and I'm the only one can take me out The 4 droppa wit the Jocelyn complexion Still love the women with tats and C-sections Protection, got my own bodyguard nigga Fuck security, sleep wit my finga on the trigga A street scholar, born into nada go riff-rockin' prada To rockin' shows in the Dama Fleet collar (hoo hooooo!) Never thought a rapper can be livin' like this All I wanted was for real loc's to feel my shit Paid dues, curb served, for what, connected? Sometimes feared but I'm never disrespected Get the cash and mash, drivin' for the meal ticket Stretch and takin' work, we gon get it, I can't hold back [WC] Get up, get up, get up, now throw your hood in the air Let me know you out there Eastside, Westside, South and up North If y'all respect mine, man I'ma respect yours From the crips to bloods to latinos  I'm down with any nigga that's down for makin' c-notes Illegal, a desert eagle can't lie I'm addicted to twistin fools for them birds that don't fly cause real G's chase cheese and shake busters Cut for one another motherfuckin' color We quick to bring it, but ain't got time for the drama I'm all about stackin' dollaz and swangin' Impalas I got my money to make, niggaz a gank, yea to chase Keys a takin', bottles of paint  Pounds I flip up outta the state Liquor to drink, pepper the bank Whores to break, goes away Foes I came, better to swing I fade it again, now what's my name? (scratching) I'm, I'm, I'm a dub to the C I'ma dub to the C I'ma dub to the C  I'ma dub to the C Bang bang Hoo Hoooo! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: WC f/ Mack 10 & Ice Cube Album: The Shadiest One Song: Cheddar Typed by: HJWESS1@msg.pacbell.com [Cube] Uhh uhh Come on... Got to get the scrilla got to get the scrilla got to get the cash hey come on got to get it (huh huh) [repeat 3X] [WC] Ridahs please callin' on all ridahs please Blowin' through the wind like the sticky green breeze Back once again straight faded off Henn' It's that nigga WC with the pocket full of spend runnin' all the gators with the new chrome feet checkin' through my rearview with my hand on my heat Cause hatas can't stand to see a nigga doin' good but fuck Hollywood I'm a still bang the 'hood Gettin' my stalk on walk on loc I'm all about the paper hoppin' out the Navigator with braids & Chucks Taylors A regulator scopin' the field like a commentator Dodgin' investigators haters & salt shakers the cookie baker the 64 pancaker Bitch my whole entourage is full of kit makers & gators trip makers to Vegas from bird breakers from skyscrapers tippin' nobellas cause loc we's all about the Cheddar [Mack] See we down for whatever It's all about the Cheddar I put that on my life & the 23rd letter [Cube] Everybody get yo' scrilla Don't worry 'bout ya time zone homie get yo' grind on [Repeat Chorus] Better bounce baby baby bounce baby baby bounce to them outta town niggas I still got 'em 9 an ounce Can't rely on no label to send my kids to college so after I rock the spot meet me in the parking lot Now call it what you want but the game got me cheese with bitches on my dick since my last CD I went from young black & broke bro' to dub the inevitable turnin' over three decimals bangin' the oyster perpetual let it go rags to riches buckets to Phillies I went from no dough to mo' dough to still gettin' these switches I'm wicked for digits forgive me God for the truth but I fiends for Cheddar like a smoker with a sweet tooth Got game from Legit & 40 C Mac & Short Cube told me the key to it all is to keep hustlin' loc Put your family first & the rest will endeavor Stay focused & forever we can get this Cheddar Come on... [Mack] See we down for whatever It's all about the Cheddar I put that on my life & the 23rd letter [Cube] Everybody get yo' paper Don't worry 'bout ya time zone homie get yo' grind on [Repeat] [Cube & Mack] Get it   Get it  Ahaha   My nigga that shit is hard as fuck Get it get it            get it get it Hey you got they heads bobbin' & everythang nigga but what I really want to hear from you          Get it got it is some of that jingle shit you be doin' [WC] (Cube & Mack) Ring duh duh duh ding ding ding givin it' up (yeah--naw naw fuck that dog come again) out of the Westside of SC fuckin' it up Ring duh duh duh ding ding ding givin it' up out of the... Hold up nigga wait a minute fuck that yo (What's up?) Yeah I got dollars in my pocket & I'm from Rollin' janky as fuck so you know my gold is stolen From the ghettos of Cincinnati Europe to Killa Cali' I been around the world & ya ya like Puff Daddy Lookin' for the Cavi' yet caught in a drought connected with the Don & copped one from SuaveHouse Betta bet ya stepped on it cause last year ya slept on her but now I'm up on her givin' golden showers to my opponents Grindin' til I'm paid in full Pledgin' allegience to them dollar bills baguettes on 'em bigger than pit bulls Only true playas can comprehend what I'm talkin about aiiyo Mack I think I'm over the can loc carry me out [Mack] See we down for whatever It's all about the Cheddar I put that on my life & the 23rd letter [Cube] Everybody get yo' money Don't worry 'bout ya time zone homie get yo' grind on [Repeat] [Mack] Yeah Gung Ho Mack 10 with my G homie the Shadiest One WC yaknowhatI'msayin' cookin that 100% pure Bombay Caviar bringin' that shit to a 'hood near you nigga, What? WESSSIIIDERIIIDERRS BAABYYYY!!!!! Uhh uhh Come on *Gunshot* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: W.C. f/ Ice Cube Album: Guilty by Affiliation Song: Guilty by Affiliation Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [W.C.] From hood to hood, city to project, the project Nigga what's the motherfuckin' dialect? Gangstas, caught in a shuffle Niggaz tryin' to turn a constant struggle to the positive hustle Whether it's the yay or the 9-to-5 The pills or the chronic, we hustle to stay alive And if you ain't Reggie Bush runnin' a rock You better be good as Kobe slangin' a jumpshot Cause round here the odds of success is nimble It's like Russian Roulet with five bullets in the barrel I'm located on the map, with latinos and black American dream is pistol and a dope sack Where they process, strip us down to scan us Lock us up and ban us, the city of bandanas Where we, grind steadily and move to the 12-gauge melody Just livin' in the hood is a felony [Chorus: Ice Cube] And if you guilty by affiliation And you're subject to humiliation And you're facin' incarceration Probation or under investigation Throw your hands up to the sky Oh Lord please tell me why My own people gon' testify I'm in the hood and I don't have a alibi [W.C.] I'm lookin' at my TV The commercials keep tellin' me, nigga 'Be All You Can Be' But if ain't BET or in the backseat of the LAPD I'd barely see me It's a trip, the whole world finna rap But when it's time to shine, where all the real niggaz at? Do a nigga gotta be rich, just to get over? Do a gotta be a bitch to sit next to Oprah? It must be the walk but I'ma keep it O.G. I'm a nigga that like soul food and to smoke weed And stay breaded, hit the corner on the hog with my middle finger twisted, index and pinky spreaded A sellout nigga, I'm the wrong type West Coast nigga, take flight on site  I know they hate to see me comin' But, I gots to put the blue Chuck's on the pedal  and rep it for the ghetto [Chorus: Ice Cube] And if you guilty by affiliation And you're subject to humiliation And you're facin' incarceration Probation or under investigation Throw your hands up to the sky Oh Lord please tell me why My own people gon' testify I'm in the hood and I don't have a alibi [W.C.] Fo-fo' up under my zipper Cause bein' black ain't a job it's a motherfuckin' adventure Look, the gun shots won't cease And rollin' by, if it ain't my enemies then it's the police I'm askin', which one will kill me faster? Is it that drive-by, or the cigarette causin' cancer? God made a promise that we all gon' die Along the ride nigga might as well ball and get high So I'm sittin' back with the zig-zag, grabbin' and snappin' The gank back for action just in case I gotta get to clappin' Cause niggaz is playin' elimination And where I'm from every nigga's guilty by affiliation That's why we ride and the young die And you lucky if you live to pass 25 That's why they hate to see me comin' But, I gots to put the blue Chuck's on the pedal and rep it for the ghetto [Chorus: Ice Cube] And if you guilty by affiliation And you're subject to humiliation And you're facin' incarceration Probation or under investigation Throw your hands up to the sky Oh Lord please tell me why My own people gon' testify I'm in the hood and I don't have a alibi [W.C.] (Ice Cube) I gotta rep where I'm from (Where you from?) South Central where the good die young (Where you at?) Western & Imperial It's the pure West Coast, comin' out your stereo I gotta rep where I'm from (Where you from?) South Central where the good die young (Where you at?) Western & Imperial It's the pure West Coast, comin' out your stereo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: W.C. f/ DJ Crazy Toones, Ice Cube Album: Guilty by Affiliation Song: Look At Me Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro/Chorus: DJ Crazy Toones] Grab on it baby (Let's get it on, let's get it on, let's get it on) You got it mother (Let's get it on, let's get it on, let's get it on) Grab on it baby (Let's get it on, let's get it on, let's get it on) You got it mother (Let's get it on, let's get it on, let's get it on) Grab on it baby [Hook: Ice Cube] Look at me (God Damn) - Look at me (God Damn) Y'all look at me (God Damn) - Look at me (God Damn) Look at me (God Damn) [Verse One: W.C.] Dub Sizzle for Shizzle A nigga fresh out the work and I'm clean as I whistle I keep it cracking (keep it cracking) I got these whores on the phone saying (Let's get it on, let's get it on) Woo! clean! baby Dud Sizzle lean C-Walking with a lean of the Sticky Green I rep it right (Bang on!) You want sex tonight, call the original shady (Grab on it baby) Got my (Dubs up) I'm in the club like (FUCKED UP!) holding my cup Got the tailor made air one Nikes with a twist Big biting on my wrist (God Damn) It's the return of the real and 07 turning the wheel Chrome feet with the chrome grill (For Real) In a wide body sum with my eyes blunted Got a pocket full of hundreds, now which bitch want it? (Who?) [Chorus: DJ Crazy Toones] [Hook: Ice Cube] [Verse Two: W.C.] Drink! in my hand on the dance floor Peep! I'm off that Hennessey playing with coke Freaking! on this girl while I dance slow Tattoo on her waist with her pants low Now I'm.. reaching for that big brown Caramel (That ass) Squeezing on that thick soft round tail Creeping out the door with the ghost well I'm a have her legs in air at the hotel After that we're gonna blow and inhale Keep it on the low, you got a man I won't tell (UHH!) But when you bend over girl that thing is like BOOM! BAAM! (GOD DAMN!) I keep them all sweating and stumbling And man ain't nothing going on but a whole lot of sex and hustling (That's all) A whole lot of smoke and drink And got Forty Eight hours to play y'all I live for the day y'all [Chorus: DJ Crazy Toones] [Hook: Ice Cube] [Outro] [Girl] Hold Up! Hold Up Dub! what you're trying to do to me? [C.T.] Get your ass DRUNK! ----> X16 (* Rough Coughing *) [Girl] You still got me throwing up [W.C.] Don't worry about it baby, I'm still gonna fuck your ass (*Laughter*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: W.C. f/ Ice Cube Album: Guilty by Affiliation Song: Paranoid Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Chorus #1: W.C.] Noid, I got these niggaz all paranoid Noid, I got the big boy joint Noid, we got these niggaz all paranoid Boy, Lench Mob is on point [Chorus #2: Ice Cube] I got to warn ya, this is California Home grown, get ya dome blown (Blow it back) South Central couldn't hold his potential Monumental, hood credentials (Dub Sizzle) W.C. is like the fundamentals In the back of Winchell's, with the .4-5 cocked (Keep it hood) Everybody better hold they spot Niggaz think they hot but no they not (No) [W.C.] Westside, the city where we ride The city where that niggy put that green up in the sky Off that Al Green, sippin' a O.E. Who that G from the L to the E to the N-c-H, M-O to the B? Bustin' a 'chanical, back for the cash loc It's that ignorant ass nigga, that motherfuckin' asshole Backhandin' ya, strapped with another anthem Hood nigga eatin' pastrami cheese fries in a Phantom Product of them palm trees, make your lungs bleed The Coast without me is like a sack of buck weed nigga Without me on the list the West is like a Chevy on stock rims Better throw some D's on that bitch and lay low cause erasin' me out the strip loc is like Ray J and Whitney, that shit's a joke Who made it safe for y'all to Walk and took it back? Somebody hand me my locs, punk bitch what you lookin' at? [Chorus #1: Ice Cube] I got to warn ya, this is California Home grown, get ya dome blown (Blow it back) South Central couldn't hold his potential Monumental, hood credentials (Dub Sizzle) W.C. is like the fundamentals In the back of Winchell's, with the .4-5 cocked (Keep it hood) Everybody better hold they spot Niggaz think they hot but no they not (No) [Chorus #2: W.C.] Noid, I got these niggaz all paranoid Noid, I got the big boy joint Noid, we got these niggaz all paranoid Boy, Lench Mob is on point [W.C.] Packin' the heat, now back in these streets Allow me to touch on y'all like a Catholic priest Westside gritty hood nigga, kickin' mud on the glitter pants on all you Pretty Ricky lookin' niggaz W.C. baby, I got it locked down Got the chopper-chopper that'll knock yo' ass down Got the Harley if you niggaz wanna ground pound Got the rag '57 with the top down - follow me Alive and kickin', pimpin' it's that Westside Dippin' in a stretch Hummer eatin' Church's fried chicken With that big double-barrel on me, niggaz can't ignore me In a pair of Chuck Taylor's reclaimin' my territory [Chorus: Ice Cube] I got to warn ya, this is California Home grown, get ya dome blown (Blow it back) South Central couldn't hold his potential Monumental, hood credentials (Dub Sizzle) W.C. is like the fundamentals In the back of Winchell's, with the .4-5 cocked (Keep it hood) Everybody better hold they spot Niggaz think they hot but no they not (No) [W.C.] Damn, c'mon, back to the streets with it Grip the tec-9 like a spoon 'cause I eats with it And I ain't a nigga to talk peace with it, I'll squeeze with it Play for keeps with it, put you under the white sheet with it It's back on, Lench Mobbin' in a big Brougham It's been a while but nigga not that long Still Westside, dumpin' chronic ash with the cannons Bustin' on you niggaz with them gay ass dances From the t-shirts and Starter caps Real recognize real, but y'all niggaz know where gangsta rap started at Yeah I said it and ain't afraid to say it I'm from where the sun sit, bitin' my tongue for shit You know the place that introduced the world to thuggin' and dippin' The place that got these out of town niggaz Bloodin' and Crippin' The place where we gun slang The same place Kobe scored 81 in one motherfuckin' game [Chorus #1: Ice Cube] I got to warn ya, this is California Home grown, get ya dome blown (Blow it back) South Central couldn't hold his potential Monumental, hood credentials (Dub Sizzle) W.C. is like the fundamentals In the back of Winchell's, with the .4-5 cocked (Keep it hood) Everybody better hold they spot Niggaz think they hot but no they not (No) [Chorus #2: W.C.] Noid, I got these niggaz all paranoid Noid, I got the big boy joint Noid, we got these niggaz all paranoid Boy, Lench Mob is on point...  Lench Mob is on point...  Lench Mob is on point The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: WC f/ Ice Cube, Mack 10 Album: Ghetto Heisman Song: Walk Typed by: Lil Hustle [Ice Cube] 1, 2, 3, 4 Get you a bitch up on the floor You gotta get up and get down (WALK!) You gotta get up and get down (WALK!) [WC] To the Weeeeeeest, MARCH Bang, crease the starch Uh oh, here we go again Off the chain, that Dub SC gang State yo name [Ice Cube] Ice Cube motherfucker [WC] What's your name [Mack 10] Mack 10 motherfucker [WC] Well bang on, swang on  Cause on mine I'ma G on, Dub C let a scene on Get my green on, with my white sling on Weather my rag in, with my khakis cuffed and dragging Three wheels, make the heat squeal This Westcoast shit is the shit that we built Who wanna bust with or fuck with him, and confess Y'all can't fuck with it, I'm out the roof with it, bang loose with it Dub C, from that Dub SC Fo sho to make ya peeps slang off the cheese man Walk, walk Niggas let me see you walk Walk, walk Bitches let me see you walk - 2x To the Weeeeeeest, MARCH Calling all cars, niggas look hard Near park cars, after dark Get toe start [Ice Cube] Ice Cube motherfucker, I represent this Don't mistake the masked up for the apprentice All you bitch ass niggas are defenseless Like a Catholic priest, and bout ten kids It's sunday school, I run you fools You ain't gone do shit I got the flip shit, to plant Spit it like I'm gone spit it Niggas wanna get it, but they won't admit it I'm connected and committed All the way bided, while you bullshitted I'm on exhibit, like a pitbull off the chain Motherfuckers gone flip out, ropes get ripped out Niggas gone trip out, crip out, get a four-fifth out Get bout, with a brickhouse, with my dick out saying fuck ya My whole career, I kept it gangsta and hustla [Mack 10] It's for the ghetto and the gutter everytime I spit For niggas that walk off that funkadelic shit I just might go psycho, and grab the automatic And let one off for the gangbang addicts Cause I'm westside connected like a hand in the glove And I'm the gangsta rap nigga that the D-Boys love Hopped out braided and valetd in the front of the club I hit the do' niggas speak, I hit em up with a dub And even on the east coast, I rep Hoo Bangin Iced out, creased khakis with a red flag hanging Fin to bust a bitch to give head, that's eating the jaw And if I let my hair down, all the hoes all hoes Get ya hood, ya polo, ya tribe, ya ? And ain't no niggas in the game that can beat this group Mack 10 and Connect, is the hood I claim We do the damn thang, and it's off the chain To the Weeeeeeest, MARCH Calling all cars, niggas look hard Near park cars, after dark Get toe start - 2x [Chorus - 2x] (*ad-libs*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: WC f/ Ice Cube, MC Ren Album: Ghetto Heisman Song: Wanna Ride Typed by: Paulis2002@hotmail.com [WC] Nigga that shit coming together like sweaty ass cheeks, nigga! [Intro Ice Cube] *Keep it gangsta y'all repeated * My niggaz thug out You getting drugged out These bitches getting loc'ed out When we smoke out, cos we chromed out About to bomb out [Verse 1  WC] Here ye, here ye, calling all the hawgs Fresh outta the whole tank, bouncin up the walls Dub-cee! The bandana president, with the gauge on the ghetto Rollin through y'all residents Runnin the scene this is the king of the cars Thugged out baby in my new busta's Gangstas, all of them gangstas, none of them let me see up Ridaz throw ya heaterz up Ladies, OG'z, sorry that I've been gone But now I'm back to get my walk on! Swang with the game as I reach out and touch ya Turn the cup up and get ignorant on this motherfucker Mayday, mayday! back in charge *shrilling noise* calling out cars, calling out cars dip, skip through the lane with the bang, bang, bang, jangle hoppin' out the SS workin' all them angles Dub-shiest deep the scrilla, and ive got my homeboy [Verse 2  MC Ren] Hell yeah, the motherfucking villain 1 to the 2 to the 3 to the +Hello+ Look at these g'z working these fake ass sopranos Here come the Villain with another heater With motherfucking Dub nigga in the two-seater On my nuts while I west west y'all Grab that microphone and I test test y'all Villian baritone be like all over y'all Who wanna ball with that Black nigga Ren? Like the Don Mega I'm supreme hustling Dub-cee! Give a fuck if these bitches don't love me yeah! [Chorus  Ice Cube] I wanna bang, I wanna ride I wanna slang, from the side, do it now It's do or die We can ball till the wheels fall off And let these motherfuckers know they gotta peel us off [Verse 3  WC] Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Upon em again and I'm er running em again, look at it With da-da-da-day, with da-da-da-day Dub rock it; let your flag hang from your back pocket Draw on em, on em, on em can't none of em Eat with me, eat my style but y'all can't get rid of me I heard y'all C-Walking now, yeah who taught you? What you could say who? Nigga why-I-I-I-I-I oughta smack all the spit out of you! Beat the shit out of you! Get at em dumping, stomping Dippin in the 600, saggin in my overalls blunted Finger and thumb it, quick run This gangsta shit Dub-Cee runnin Here son, steady pumping I come through punking Y'all think y'all rollies, shooting them highstyles like Kobe So shut up and kneel to these Westside parolees And pass the blunt, cos none of ya'll can hold it [Hook X2] We got the niggaz (we got the bitches) We got the killaz (we got the riches) We got the dealers (we hit the switches) We got every fucking thing you want And we can get it punk ass nigga, if we don't [Verse 4  MC Ren] Who that nigga that you fucking with? When you want to hear some motherfucking nigger shit Call the villain and I'll bring hot lyric Waltonville to hit your bitch nigga ren with it Y'all need to quit it This shit legendary, fuck around with it and yo mama get buried Your first born and that bitch you just married! Who give a fuck pop that baby she just carried Hubbin' all black like my fucking skin tone How the fuck you gon talk about the villain, you a clone Bitin every time you bust, who gave all y'all balls to cuss? Weak motherfuckers better say us! So +If it Ain't Ruff+, it ain't my shit Might a bit mad at the bitch that ate my dick Hate my clique, bitch-man cos I won't hit A nigga that I ain't fucking wit! [Hook X2] [All] Please Beelive it, please beelive it, please believe it Awww man gimme one mo' sip of that cognac! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: WC f/ Ice Cube, Maylay, Uncle Chucc (a/k/a Charles Hamilton) Album: Revenge of the Barracuda Song: You Know Me Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro/Chorus: Uncle Chucc a/k/a Charles Hamilton] I roll my good up, in my Khakis Throw my hood up Keep it O.G. - You know it man I got the hood with me, I got the hood with me Fuck these bitches, get this money, got my bang out Keep it on me, you know it man I got the hood with me, I got the hood with me [Verse One: W.C.] Dub-Cuda, Lick Hitter, get robbing over here Were the Headbangers like the Hit Squad All Chrome with the raw flow, shake up the audience Like Mike Vick walking in the Dog Show Like giraffe dicks standing tall over y'all Hanging with killers like suspenders on overalls Cracking bottles, swinging and aiming hollows With niggaz in solitary confinement to the game Macho Clack clock, nigga keep my shit cocked Don't fuck with me y'all, I'm in the zone like a zip lock Stay G'd up, out to get my green up Blue Chevy paint, bagging money like a Brink Truck Guaranteed at least, slanging sticks like Shina E Bad bitch on my side, ass like Alicia Keys Feel the breeze, Dub retired, Nicky please On the 110 with my dickies to my knees [Chorus: Uncle Chucc a/k/a Charles Hamilton] [Verse Two: Young Maylay] Breath of fresh air, yes yes, it's Maylay nigga Big Swing, and I came with the Connect Gang members And uhh.. it ain't bright if we ain't light They ain't shit nigga, he ain't tight You got it fucked up It's all or nothing, be brawling and busting Til they put me in the coffin of the car and I'm cuffed in And to my next opponent, don't even rest a moment I'm so West! (Hell Yes!) with no extras on it L.A. Dodgers, AK Choppers And the kids hit the graves way before they mamas (That's a shame!) So I get the hat, yeah, you can bet ya that Capital CA man; and check the Tat Recognized by the realist niggaz, give it up Whether they be Crip or Blood, and the one the women love Angelino for sheezo Respected by niggaz that run from green coats and don't testify [Chorus: Uncle Chucc a/k/a Charles Hamilton] [Verse Three: Ice Cube] Now I'm an old nigga on the Porch, way too big It's a shame how this nigga, influenced them kids Got them out there hustling, and doing their shit And he don't do shit but sit and scratch on his dick And it's not good that the hood is under a spell It's wonder why this nigga, ain't under the jail Why they treat this motherfucker like the wizard of Oz Cause I know what's happening like Re-run and Rog I'm a captain, yep the head nigga in charge Pull Air Force One, up out the garage I'm the Grand Puba, You're part of lodge You mortals better pay, respect to the Gods You can cuss more, I'm Mount Rushmore Now you can sell more, You still Al Gore Nigga I'm the president, you're just a resident In my Gangster world, and you're late with the fucking rent! [Chorus: Uncle Chucc a/k/a Charles Hamilton] [Ice Cube overlapping the above Chorus] Pay your tithe nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: WC and the MAAD Circle f/ Mack 10, Ice Cube Album: Curb Servin' Song: West Up! Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: WC Wessyde-fa-life-in-ya!! ("Throwin up the W" -- Ice Cube) 2X Yeah, I'm with this, what we throwin up? ("Throwin up the W" -- Ice Cube) All you busta ass niggaz out there I got my motherfuckin homeboys in the house ("Throwin up the W") My nigga Ice Cube ("Throwin up the W"), Mack 10 Back to set the record straight for all these busta ass niggaz who trip, this how we do it nigga Chorus: WC Front back side to side We be givin it up, till the day we die Niggaz hit me up, I'ma have ta erupt So motherfucker West Up! (repeat 2X) Verse One: WC Nigga clear the lane, here I come, once again With this, gangsta click, droppin this, gangsta shit Strictly for the riders who ride us I gotta WestSider rhymer for them niggaz that's sittin on them Dayton wires Pump the bass, hit the switch Cause Ice Cube, Mack 10, and Dub-C, back up in this b-i-itch Straight hoodsta for life, ain't no lookin back Ink in my flesh, WestSide tattered on my chest Walkin with the shadow of death Through the land of the skanless, South Central Los Angeles Home of the Crips and the Bloods Where even the strongest niggaz is drug through the mud And visitors from outta town best to stay in Hollywood You get that tourist ass ganked strollin through my hood West coast till the casket drop I be throwin it up, so motherfucker West Up! Verse Two: Mack 10 It's gun ho Mack one-oh please you can't fuck wit deez Ice Cubez and Dub-Ceez is my G'z And hip-hop, top three niggaz the new bosses Never slippin cause we flosses, packin Nina Rosses Nigga, thought you knew how we do it Ain't a Damn Thing Changed, always on them thangs forever and a day, so back up, gimme room, don't neglect Just respect and everything I can't check I wreck Now you can cross out the bustas and snitches Shit only killers hootchie bitches and hot hydraulic switches allowed On the turf where the real hogs dwell Sewed up the hood, the fattest bolas on the block for sale Inglewood City, the throne I call home Niggaz be so bright, you might need your locs on to bail through, it's fin you're in with Mack 10 And I gotta confess up, nigga this West Up! for life Chorus Verse Three: Ice Cube Now I got ta show you how the West coast rocks No razor blades, in my mouth, just a glock And I'm hittin you up, with that W-S The sun, rises in the East, but it sets in the West No gold teeth, you gets a wreath So hand me the goodies, stockin mask, no hoodies Christmas day, I'm in a tre While some of you niggaz got the robe reindeer and a sleigh We don't call it five-oh, we call it one time It's my life my life my life my life, in the sunshine! One nine weighs a ton How the fuck you think that the West was won? Now shit can be squashed over a forty ounce of backwash No jokes, the land of locs and hundred spokes In the East, we can be brothers But when you come to L.A., watch your motherfuckin colors West Up! nigga Chorus Verse Four: WC Give it up, give it up Like the nigga James Brown, me and my niggaz are puttin it down So bustas be wary cause see we represent the city Where niggaz caught slippin is left with they brains drippin City of the Angels, more like a concrete jungle full of macks Cadillacs and crack sacks I pledge allegiance to the shit till I die [Mack 10] So let the five-twenty slide and put it down from the WestSide Chorus WestSide!!! ("Throwin up the W") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: WC and the Maad Circle f/ Ice Cube, MC Eiht, Jay Dee Album: Ain't a Damn Thing Changed Song: You Don't Work, U Don't Eat Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com  "This afternoon we want to talk about" 	"Now I want you brothers to dig where we coming from" [WC] Five yers ago when I was in high school No bills to pay, I used to say to myself "Life is cool" I had a roof over my head and a part-time job Slanging at OB's birdstand Washington High was the school I attended Til '87 graduation came and I wasn't with it Kicked out the house at the age of 18 No money for college, mmm, how should I handle things? I tried to go the so-called right way And went to a JC but I wasn't getting paid I'm working at a chicken stand now with the chicken With a spring at the top of my hat getting clowned I gotta pay my rent but my job ain't cutting it So now I'm drinking gin saying "Here's my alternative" To either keep doing what I'm doing, don't trip Or go and buy gats y'all and come up on a grip So like anybody else I went and bought a gun Pulling burgs at night and now I'm counting my funds Three times a day and I drive a coup on danas Cruising through the alley bumping on "Hi" to players Yo, you can say what you want but I was taught on the streets That if a brother didn't work, then he didn't eat 	"You don't work, you can't eat" [Coolio] Peep this, something kind if for weakness Focus on the park and watch how I freak this Subject for survival, got to stay alive I gotta eat so I do or die Not a full-time crook but I was born right So if I want to eat, sometimes I got to jack So jack I will and go get some presidents A foot in the ground and the other on an oil slick Money ain't everything but either is brokeness Give me a knife cause I can't live off happiness Once a brother said I can't work for the white kind Standing on the corner in a soup line Said he's too black, too strong, ain't done nothing yet Waiting on the fifth for his government relief check Humming and bumming, most hate to see him coming And every first and 15th, these strongs on his life But a hustle is a hustle and a meal is a meal That's why I'm real and I ain't afraid to steal Straight from the street, backed up by a funky beat If you don't work, OG, then you don't eat 	"You don't work, you can't eat" (Repeat 2x) [Ice Cube] Ayo, I want y'all to meet a nigga from the Lench Mob He gaffled for his meals (McDonald's is my spot) Ayo Jay Dee, kick some shit for the Maad Circle, G [Jay Dee] If you don't work, you don't eat, need I say more? Cause I'm a kick my rhymes in abundant while you stay poor Since I was 14 I raised myself I built a roof over my head and then I went for self I sold cooked-up rock, made my way through school I'm not saying you should do it cause it ain't too cool Kicking ???, playing to start your back Talking about that bullshit prize, you slay me right? And you other motherfuckers out here banging for change Need to wise up and seek personal gain Or maintain some type of pain Cause they don't give away hot lunches out here in L.A. Yo peace to the Dub and the Maad Circle For giving me the chance to let the rhyme just flow So you can (So you can either sell dope or get your ass a job) Jay Dee (I'd rather roll with the Lench Mob) 	"You don't work, you can't eat" [MC Eiht] Eiht is stepping from the city down under And I'm robbing more punk fools blind like Stevie Wonder Ain't no punching a clock, I ain't with it For a quarter an hour I make the shit every minute And please, don't even let me catch a brother slipping He'll be short, shorter than short With my hands around his troat Fool, come off the chain and bracelet I know it's wrong but face it A brother like me won't win the lottery Ain't no faking when it's time to bring home the bacon Cause I was taught get what you're gonna get quick And don't get gaffled in the mix So I guess I'll keep stacking, breaking the law Checking a fool, wrecking and breaking his jaw Gyeah, that's life in the Compton streets Homeboy you don't work, homeboy you don't eat 	"You don't work, you can't eat" [WC] This record was put together by Jay Dee, Coolio, and the W Eight, Chilly Chill, and DJ Crazy Toons Sic brothers out to get paid cause Nowadays you got to go for yourself or go broke I'm living day by day cause you see the future ain't promised So save that drama for your mama And make sure you're out of my path when I'm on the creep tip Or have your first name changed to R.I.P. 	"You don't work, you can't eat" (Repeat 2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Willie D f/ Ice Cube Album: Play Witcha Mama Song: Play Witcha Mama Typed by: williamh@u.arizona.edu [Ice Cube] Hey, didn't your mama tell you to shut up when grown folks is talking? Well you need to shut up when grown folks is talking Yo we don't play that You know what I'm saying? So you need to go in there and play witcha mama Willie D Verse 1: [Willie D] The Gangster of Love is on the go once more I've been solo two in a row Still got a bank full of money, fancy cars, a big crib And bitches on my knob (that's right) But some motherfucker's counting me out I'm giving my real fans a big fat shout out Source Magazine dissing niggas' records I go to New York and kick they ass back to Texas And write a song about it they better like Scary motherfuckers probably give a nigga twenty mics I'm more dangerous than Jeffrey Dahmer you wanna play with somebody, play witcha mama [Ice Cube] Hoe, yeah [Willie D] If you're fronting on that South Central 5th Ward connection You better speed on before you get peed on Cube tell 'em [Ice Cube] Play witcha mama, huh It don't stop [Willie D] It don't stop, yeah, cause we won't stop Verse 2: [Ice Cube] Warriors, come out and play with yo gay ass vest You can't shoot 'em up with the wild west And I hold a pistola, brown as Coca Cola Coming from the shooters with the 1, 2, bang, ping Make your ears ring (with the supernatural thing) It's like I got a 12 gauge when I'm walking Shut the fuck up when grown folks is talking Cause I don't play with kids, I shut eyelids Forever and a day, nigga what you say? Bailing down a street in my Chuck Taylors own brand Niggas mad dumb but they can't fade us (never) Wishin they could be like me and Willie D Not just a punk ass trick silly gee You better take that little shit to your mama (Westside rolling) Fool with the drama It don't stop, uh, yeah You better play witcha mama Verse 3: [Willie D] I'm going out like a soldier, I thought I told you Homie don't play that, so don't make me peteroll you When you see me in the public, don't try to act big Cause I'll split your fucking wig Just give me some dap and I'm a give you some dap back Cause I'm down to earth black But if a nigga or a bitch try to show off I hit 'em dead in their motherfucking mouth And don't talk about suing me Cause your ass won't live to see a D-I-M-E Talking 'bout how you knew me when I wasn't shit Mad cause I won't speak to you bitch Now you want to cause a scene, well that's fine Cause I do this shit all the time (that's right) Here's a motherfucker that don't mind the drama You want to play with somebody play witcha mama [Ice Cube] Play witcha mama, punk Play witcha mama, hoe Play witcha mama, punk Play witcha mama, hoe Willie D, Ice Cube, that's all she wrote That's all she wrote It don't stop, 'til the panties drop Fool play witcha mama Put a comma on that motherfucker Willie D and let's break [Willie D] My mama, your mama hanging on the cut My mama beat your mama ass up, now get somewhere The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yo-Yo f/ Ice Cube Album: You Better Ask Somebody Song: The Bonnie and Clyde Theme Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [Ice Cube] It's a man's world, but check the girl With the Mac 11, 187 Hit the switch, front, back, side to side Corner to corner, punk you a goner Don't fuck around and get doled up Cause we got the Westside sewed up Ike and Tina, Marie and Donnie Ashford and Simpson, Clyde and Bonnie I don't know karate, but I know crazy You'd better ask somebody And when I do dirt, jerk Nobody move, nobody get hurt [Yo-Yo] I'm the type of girl that's down for my nigga I'll lie for my nigga, peel a cap for my nigga See he don't mind me flirting, wearing tight skirts and Cause when it's all over it's curtains What they don't know won't hurt Uh, they searching on him, I got the gat in my skirt Yeah, just clowning fools And my dude's giving the girls blues My gat is quite fat, don't you think so, ho? But come out those clothes, my nigga can fit those You ain't seen nothing til you seen us both jacking Pulling on the side of fools, straight ratpacking 	[Ice Cube] Got me a down girl on my team 	[Yo-Yo] The Bonnie and Clyde theme, yeah 		 Got me a down-ass nigga on my team 	[Ice Cube] The Bonnie and Clyde theme [Yo-Yo] See every now and then my man had a plan To hook me up with his closest friends Take me to the bar, maybe mingle and kick it Let him think he's getting over while I gank him for his riches Robbing, stealing, killing at willin Always on the go cause his shit was always loco Giving up funky vibes to all you funky tribes Stick together like us and hoo-rides Like Bonnie and Clyde we gonna slide right on Let my nigga take over, I'm taking my bank to the house When we get to the house we straight celebrating Giving up that gangsta ?triggeration? [Ice Cube] La la la, watch me par-lay Hey, with the getaway car Now here comes the Predator I'm down with Yo Yo and everybody is scared of her Hitting with the wicked shit I'd like to dick a chick But now I'm robbing quick and split So give me that money, devil One for the treble, the rhythm is the rebel When you turn red You get a hole in your head, a fucking hole in your head Cause my freedom got an AK Bonnie and Clyde equal homicide, yeah 	[Yo-Yo] Got me a down-ass nigga on my team 	[Ice Cube] The Bonnie and Clyde theme, yeah 		 Got me a down girl on my team 	[Yo-Yo] The Bonnie and Clyde theme [Ice Cube] Run run run from the ghetto bird Cause I'm down and I got the third- Five seven, pointed at your boys and hos No one knows where the lead poison goes Cause I'm in the ho checks Yeah, come off the Rolex If not, I'm a give Bonnie some Film at 11 by Connie Chung No regret, on man wet Leaving the scene throwing up my set Hit you up and then I'm out Yeah, you're left with a dick in your mouth [Yo-Yo] See that gangsta mentality drove niggas to insanity You wanna be down to kill a whole fucking family You can lock us up if you want, don't matter But give em a bail and we'll be right back at cha Don't underestimate me when you date me Got my clamp off safety, that'll make you hate me Frankly, I don't give a damn, once again I slam You'd better ask who I am Riding all around town, everybody's looking round Cause we're known and we throw down Cause you know a nigga done got ganked for his mail or his dank Yo Yo and Cube is in the house for 9-tre 	[Ice Cube] Got me a down girl on my team 	[Yo-Yo] The Bonnie and Clyde theme, yeah 		 Got me a down-ass nigga on my team 	[Ice Cube] The Bonnie and Clyde theme 	[Ice Cube] Got me a down girl on my team 		 The Bonnie and Clyde theme, yeah [Yo-Yo] Yeah you trick motherfuckers, you thought I fell off Stupid ass... (laughs) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yo Yo f/ Ice Cube Album: Total Control Song: Bonnie & Clyde II Typed by: jam3s16@hotmail.com (Ice Cube) Got me a down ass girl on my team With an infa-red beam... Verse 1 (Ice Cube) There go the niggas I'm supposed to meet We gon' do this, Yo Yo slide me the heat Knew they was punks from my very first glance Shakin' niggas hands, waitin' for a chance Do you got the yey, what the motherfuckers say Right this way In they trunks, super ??? about six Lookin' like bricks, do I got the chips? Hell yaeh, in the back of my Elco Can we rock wit' you, I said hell no Yo Yo, see my fo'fo'? grab it About to let these motherfuckers have it Walk back with my strap, gas on my chest Let me get a taste test Tongue got numb, then I said Fuck That! This a motherfuckin' jack... Thinking of a master plan (repeat x3 w/ adlibs) Verse 2 (Yo Yo) I saw the homie pull his strap I knew we dealin' with badge Up in the hoopdie, pop the trunk And started to blast... mad You know fools snatching cabbage and dough That's how it is, dealin' with loc's Fuck what you heard, act like you know Ain't no witness, just tryin' to let you know Lay the fool, straight up, face down like five-o Ride wit' six birds, this ain't no joke The murder scene was a deal gone bad We popped the fools and took everything they had Now the only thing to do is get away Cops are on our ass, dude should I blast? Snatched the heat from under the seat Roll down the windows to let 'em have it Fuckin' with this bad mamma-jam-it Yeah, I threw this shit in reverse Grab a nine, by my side Who ride? Bonnie & Clyde, nigga... Thinking of a master plan (repeat x3 w/ adlibs) Verse 3 (Yo Yo & Ice Cube) (Cube) Run, run, run, from the ghetto pigeon It's all mathematic, weavin' outa traffic That's the shit I be hatin', when these fuckin' daton's Get to Ice-Skating Yo Yo, back seat driving, shut the fuck up (Yo Yo) You shut the fuck up, learn how to drive (Cube) Ninety-ninety-five, Bonnie & Clyde Wanted dead or alive Tryin' to jump out the LAPD Headin' up Century, fuck the Penatentiary Wanna get my shit, I'ma click it Knew the job was fucked up when I took it (Yo Yo) Shit is scandelous Ninety-five, latest mobster Shit don't stop, still bustin' out the coppers Nine in my lap, a fo'fo' when I ride Still bedin' corners, bout to hit the East side Straight who-ridin', Bonnie & Clyde 'n All the way live from the West side With plan B to perfect, have to do what's next Hopped out that bitch with the quickness You know it's all business Robbin', Stealin', Killin' and Wheelin' (repeat x4 w/ adlibs) Take, take that Motherfuckers... (Robbin'...) Take that... (Stealin'..) Take that... (Robbin', Stealin'...) Take that... Robbin', Stealin', Killin' and Wheelin' Always on the go cause this --- always ??? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yo Yo Album: You Better Ask Somebody Song: They Shit Don't Stink Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ Ice Cube: ] You got to know what time it is on my homegirl Yo-Yo Trick-ass muthafucka Yo, it's on deck Nine-Trey And that's how we doin this shit Yo, Yo-Yo, won't you kick that shit... [ VERSE 1 ] Flashlight, red light We don't like stop lights All I wanna do is gizzo with the flizzo Wam-bam, I slam Fat-ass beats with the fat-ass lingo I catch wreck with the fat-ass single Gettin them devils in headlocks Cause nigga, I'm blacker than your dreadlocks And if you didn't know, I got the chronic, too I smoke the shit down to the residue I fell off, but now I'm back Cause that 'Black Pearl' shit was wack (Let em know) Do you wanna go? (Do What?) With Yo-Yo? (Do wha-diddy?) Do my thing, baby, but not in the bedroom Cause all you wanna do is zoom-a-zoom-zoom-zoom Punks spread out, I put the head out And the Lench Mob crew'll damn sure put the red out This is dedicated to the one that won't drink Cause they think they shit don't stink (Shit, goddamn) (Yo-Yo is in the house, fool) I slam (Yo-Yo is on deck, punk) I slam [ VERSE 2 ] I see your ass sittin in the nailshop When I walked in all hell dropped Loose, cause I'm in a deuce with the hard top Car drop, sittin on Danas No, I didn't try to hide it Yup, bitch, my man let me drive it But you're too cute to shoot the shit With the girl makin hits (Really doe) Turnin up your nose But I heard you can suck a golf ball through a water hose But don't ask me, I tried to be nice Trick, I even spoke twice But you did say nothin Miss Angel, girl, I know you're frontin 'Why must you be like that?' With your flat ass along with your flat chest Got your back tied to a matress Undercover hoe, but you're a good actress Yeah, I'm talkin to the girl in pink That one that thinks her shit don't stink (I got sometin for the hoes that be schemin) --> B-Real [ VERSE 3 ] Mister, Mister Sophisticated You don't get along with every girl you faded Met your ass dancin at a club You tried to rodeo-do with your rubber-dub-dub You don't like rap, but you like jazz Go on, girl, with your punk-ass Mister Macka-Frama-Lama Wouldn't bust a grape with a sledgehammer And you look about as sweet as a lemon drop Try to act hard, just like a woman cop I don't think your drawers fit And like Michael J. you wanna keep it in the closet But who cares that you wear Lee Nails And act just like the females Saw you at the skating rink Stuck up as hell, like your shit don't stink [ Ice Cube: ] Trick-ass nigga, didn't you know (I slam) (Shit, goddamn) You'se a bitch (I slam) Yo, and that's how it's goin on Youknowmsayin Cause it's on like Donkey Kong To the break of muthafuckin dawn When Yo-Yo's in the house For you trick-ass niggas out there And you trick-ass bitches out there That's how we doin it Yo, this ain't that 'Black Pearl' shit This's some new shit You better ask somebody to act like you know, muthafucka That's how we doin it in the nine-trey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yo-Yo & Ice Cube Album: Make Way for the Motherlode Song: You Can't Play With My Yo-Yo Typed by: cArMeLfLaVaDeLiGhT@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Ice Cube] Yo Jinx man, we gotta find somebody thats down for hers, man All these girls simple man, who you think fit the category? [Yo-Yo] Its me, the brand new intelligent black woman Y-O-Y-O Which is Yo-Yo, but I'm not to be played Like I was made by matell But this Yo-Yo is made by woman and male I rhyme about uprights upliftin the woman For that are superior to handle by any male Any time, any rhyme, any flow, and any show And if you ask my producers that we fly and you know (Chorus: repeat 2x, Ice Cube) You can't play with my Yo-Yo "Don't try to play me out, don't try to play me out" [Verse 1] My name is Yo-Yo, I'm not a ho I like to flow so swift, its got to be a gift So yo, let the beat lift, as I rip and rhyme And rap and slap all the girls who came to dap To the fact I get the 8-ball, or the jam The earrings I wear are called dophins Check the booty, yo its kinda soft and If you touch, you livin in a coffin(word to mother) I'm in the 90s, your still in the 80s right I rock the mic, they say I'm not lady like But I'ma lady, who will pull a stunt though I kill suckas, and even hit the block So what you wanna do? Ya must play it wrong(ay yo) Cause to me, you simply can't get none You wetter, then a hotter ho in snow Tell em Ice Cube,  (Ice Cube) No, you can't play with my Yo-Yo Suckas (Chorus: 2x) (Ice Cube) Whats yo name baby? [Verse 2] Thats right, my name is Yo-Yo, but know I'm not a dunkin As I rap, chilly chill bringin the funk and I steal yo man, as if he was a hawk and He'll call me baby, yo, or even pumpkin I may be buttercup, or even Ms.Yo We had dinner, and know we drinkin Cisco Hit the slow jams, its gettin cosy Your home alone, so now you gettin nosy Your kinda young, so of course you had to call replace Hang up in my face, its a sad case So who ya man dippin the dollars, what Yup, for puttin lipstick on his collar At home, hes gotta listen to ya holla But he'll slap ya, and sock ya, so why bother? But if you come knockin at my do'(ay yo) I'll smoke you, tell em Ice (Ice Cube) You can't play wit my Yo-Yo, sucka (Chorus: 2x) (Ice Cube) Fool, 1990 and stand sucka free, yeah Tell em whats up *Yo-Yo Rhyming Over Females Voice As She Did Earlier In The Song* Yo, I hope you realize one day That ya week is Monday threw Sunday So listen to my Y-O, heres my bio And next to me, ha, your not fly yo Ya lack skills to be a woman thats black Fake hair in the back, plus green contacts Yo-Yo, is just tryna to stop ya Because the world ain't a big soap opera It only takes one punch to drop ya And then the I.B.W.C. will come mob ya But no, I'm not livin like that first Although I pack, a real small gat in my purse(right, right) But no, its not to cause corruptions Just to fight back on the structions Just thought you wanna know about the Y-O-Y-O Yo, should I tell em Ice (Ice Cube) They know what time it is (Chorus: 2x) (Ice Cube) Yo-Yo, the brand new intelligent black lady Stompin to the 90s! For all y'all suckas Aye Jinx, I knew they couldn't fade it You Can't play wit my Yo-Yo [Verse 3] The simple to a methaphor, make someone to yell on To keep it at a latest while they're yellin, "more, more!" I am very versatile, changin my ways to diffrent styles Knowledge is the key, expense is for my backround Label me as a woman, and sometimes I feel imperior Follow me on the hands of time, makes no man superior Should we jam and take the stand, and disback all the Men who know no more the slang, slang And thinks wit his ding-a-ling? I think its time that we defeat And stand on our on two feet If we wanna live wit justice and harmony How many more rounds must I go In order to let my people know Times were hard, things have changed "Don't try to play me out" {*female singing*} Ladyyyyyyyy("don't try to play me out") Yayyyy, yay hey("don't try to play me out) Yay, yay, yay, yay 