The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Come Up (Mixtape) Song: Simba Typed by: AZ Lyrics Straight out The Villle and I made it Like a villian I'm hated I see'em gillin, I ate it though Fien'n to blow inflatable, That's undebatable (ugh) I'm givin niggas food for thought, the flow is cater yo I'm never faded though, Haters wanna see me broke, but me and the doe related hoe! It's like my only son, where I go, he come! niggas dumb to be braggin bout that stupid shit Nah I don't stunt on niggas, I show'em how to do this shit I'm somethin like the light-skin version of the very same baby that The Virgin Mary raised That's word to everything! nigga life a scary game but I'm playin You sucka nigga lie in everything that ya sayin Shame on ya'll, you tryna ball with the game on pause Ay nigga pull the thing on ya'll, ya'll stain ya'll draws fuck you niggas, but this ain't raw dog I got protection, lethal weapons, and they aim on ya'll I'm like the man on mars; I'm high as hell Watch me blow like I exhale I excel in this rap shit Cause ya'll spittin that wack shit And every nigga suddenly be rappin bout that trap shit So while you niggas copy cat the cats who made classics I just massacre the streets, I'm a master of the beats and the rhymes I'm rappin for the freaks and the dimes and shine like a mothafuckin diamond, You shine like a mothafuckin dime That's word to my mom I don't mind if you niggas hate Just know you hatin on that nigga, nigga get it straight I'm spittin hungry like ain't shit up on my dinner plate The kind a flow that make a nigga hyper-ventilate (ugh) See let me demonstrate, I grew up with nothin, it hurt me to see my mother poor The only pops a nigga ever seen around was Huckstable And so the muscle flow is something you can't get no muzzel for Look how the buzzer grow, Ballin til the buzzer blow Man I'm hungry, does it show? Ain't nothin funny, fuck a joke I'm gettin money til my pockets need a tummy tuck I hope you niggas woke now, impermanentely Send you to hell, you meet the devil, sign a permanent lease Word on the streets is I'm the prince nigga, check the splenda And I can't wait to be the King, nigga: young simba! Word on the streets is I'm the Prince nigga, check the splenda And I can't wait to be the king, nigga: young simba! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Come Up (Mixtape) Song: I'm the Man Typed by: AZ Lyrics He gonna have the nerve to fucking tell me niggaz from the south can't spit? Bitch I'll smack your dumb ass (Fayettenam what up? Carolina what up?) Stupid ass mother fuckers (New York, what up? Queens) I'm a quit talking shit and about show y'all I told y'all niggaz that I'm getting my bread and going home I'm a show you all stupid ass motherfuckers (Coming soon, nigga) Dumb ass niggaz The heir to the throne South nigga bred to the bone But haters say he fled from his home (please) Now picture that, I was 18 with million dollar dreams (yeah) Moved to Jamaica Queens, like Prince Akim But ain't looking for no queen, (nah) Came to get my c.r.e.a.m. (yup) City on my back, I just lift my wings, I'm fly You niggaz on my dick, while I Thought them niggaz from the south couldn't spit, viola I'm here. I'm a lot respect, not fear So please be clear, nigga please beware I'm a motherfucking monster, B.S. me? (naw) No, my hand game like fucking PSP! Now pop the champagne, money is coming soon My dick do the damn thing, honey it's cuming soon She jerking, bend her over, now she hurting Living reckless got me thinking of death, look how she flirting Well, fuck that bitch, man a nigga tryna breathe (yea) Some of these niggaz be tryna dick her down and leave Rest In Peace, ya'll boys living too fast Caught up in the cash, and got shot up in a flash Ville niggaz don't play When it comes to that money, think real niggaz won't spray? Mid-day when it's sunny, they kill niggaz broad day On some more new jack shit This rap shit is like tag nigga you not it, so run Ha ha ah I'm the man, hahaha, yea hey I'm the man I'm the man, (I told ya'll niggaz) I'm the man Yea, uh They say I act like I'm the man, cause motherfucka I am Niggaz study my style, I should be giving exams Damn boy I am so flamboyant with the ensemble Polo jacket, polo tee, what a fine combo And I'm the man, now understand a nigga bossin, ' (yea) Scheming on that drop top CL but it's costing (yea) Long term plans for the fam, we'll be dropping? Never catch a nigga double-crossing, unless I'm flossing (woo) In the streets niggaz peace war until you force him To quarter back them bullet passes, you could Randy Moss 'em Got damn you niggaz got handled Niggaz only publishing, my style got sampled So I switched like a thick bitch with some heels on I seen a nigga get popped, I feel for 'em I know who did it, but you think I'm finna squeal on him? Shout out to R.J. Hill I would kill for him That's word, nigga observe my genius E&J sipping got a nigga straight leaning My DNA dripping while your girl stay drinking, (haha) I told y'all I'm the man, what the fuck ya'll niggaz thinking? Yea, Yeah I'm the man I'm the man nigga And I'm the man I'm the man nigga (I'm the man) Yea First and foremost, Fayettenam what's good? Carolina, what up? Bull city, Raleigh, Charlotte, Winston Salem Greensboro, Wilmington, nigga Everywhere dog, I'm repping from long distance, man I told y'all boy, I'm bout to get this money and come home right quick Y'all niggaz still see me tho, you think I'm still there; you ain't even know I'm gone Back so much, nigga I hear you all little niggaz talking, nigga Prince of the city, nigga Prince of the south, nigga, holla at me Ya know? Heir to the throne, bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Come Up (Mixtape) Song: School Daze Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yeah Take ya'll back... to them school days, yeah Fayettenam, what up, man? We came a long way from sticking move Niggaz skipping school, just to scrap over bullshit Nigga if you lose, it's a wrap, them hoes clowning It goes down in the lunch room I'm tryna spit this game nigga, fuck food Bust moves to the hallway My niggaz posted on the wall, always Ain't thinking about class, dog, my ass tryna parle If we had this shit our way We be standing here all day But look the principal's coming, give pounds then we all escape All late to class with fake passes Living life in the fast lane, but ain't passing They dreaming, tryna be the next Jay-Z and Damon Dashes I ain't even open my book and it's time to change classes Walk straight past my ex and don't speak It's all good, probably have a new ex by next week I just think, the shit we did was silly, yo, I know that But what I wouldn't give to go back Yea, Back in the days when I was young I'm not a kid anymore But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again Yea, I sit and wish I was a kid again Yea I sit and wish Yo, I walk another nigga girl to her class, with my hand on her ass If he say 'what up' later, I just laugh Real sneaky yo, gotta keep it low Up in math, let my nigga read this real freaky note Kiki wrote, yea Hooping up in P.E. you can't see me on this gym flow But damn Vanessa booty looking sick up in them gym shorts Uh, we bag 'em up, ya'll niggaz gonna have to wait So they passing hate like, 'Damn I can't wait 'til they graduate.' But some of my niggaz will probably never make it The S.A.T. shit man I doubt they ever take it, cause Instead of tryna send a nigga to a tutor Them guidance counselors tryna introduce us to recruiters, it's a set-up Momma cut the light on, "Time to get up, " Make sure the shirt matching the forces then I head out At the time I thought this shit was so whack But what I wouldn't give to go back Yea, hey Back in the days when I was young I'm not a kid anymore But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again Yea, I sit and wish I was a kid again Yea I sit and wish I'm a little grown, but still reminisce Close your eyes nigga, you remember this? Friday night football game, something I'll forever miss After parties in the gym, grinding underneath the rim You forgot your school I.d.? Fuck, nigga, you ain't getting in In the hallways acting like some hoodlums See that scrap? Naw, damn I always miss the good ones Them rumors spreading fast with that he say she say Twenty people on the phone cause everybody did three-way Man we played them girls for the fools, but Wasn't no ladies like them ladies from other schools Cause seeing them same old chicks got tired quick She was just fucking my boy, now she all on my dick, gossip, damn Another chick pregnant, another nigga gone I reminisce on all the chicks a nigga never bone Pardon me ya'll I'm just flipping through some Kodaks Sitting, wishing I could go back Yea, Back in the days when I was young I'm not a kid anymore But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again Yea, I sit and wish I was a kid again Yea I sit and wish, man Yeah, this shit is dedicated to all my niggaz man R.J., Mike Shaw, Jim Brown, yea, B. Nasty, Big Joe Smitty, What's good? Yea Terry Sanford High School, E. Smith,. Class of 2003, that's me I know y'all remember this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Come Up (Mixtape) Song: Dolla and a Dream Typed by: AZ Lyrics A dolla and a dream, that's all a nigga got So if its about that cream, then I'm all up in the spot I was raised in the F-A Why a nigga never gave me nothing? Pops left me, I ain't never cry, baby, fuck him, that's life And trust me I'm living Look what a nigga made out The shit that I was given Look what a nigga came out Momma sewing patches on my holes Man, our hoes couldn't put this flame out Straight up, I got my back against the brick wall I'm from a world where niggaz never pop no Cristal, it was pistols You pass through, you better pray them bullets missed y'all I thank the Lord He let a nigga make it this far A lot niggaz don't, a lot of moms weep I gotta carry on, all the weight is on me You never know when a nigga might try to harm me Rest In Peace that nigga John Lee I pour liquor, homie It's foul, but yo the world keeps spinning Gotta keep winning, get up off this cheap linen Nigga Imma eat, even if it means sinning Niggaz want beef, Imma sink my teeth in 'em Pause, I go harder, I'm all about a dollar You niggaz street smart? I'm a motherfucking scholar So trust me, I ain't stopping 'til my money is long So much dough, them hoes will think I'm rocking money cologne Have a model at the crib waiting, "Honey, I'm home" Cooking greens for a nigga, give 'em plenty, a dome It's funny, we dream about money so much its like we almost got it Until we reach up in our pockets, its time to face reality The ville is a trap nigga now And if you ain't focused you gonna be here for awhile My nigga Mike rolling with me, riding shotgun Type a nigga know about every car, but don't got one That's hunger, no wonder niggaz fucking with the evils Posted on the corner, selling crack like its legal But who am I to judge how a nigga get his paper? This money coming soon, dog, I'm tryna get my cake up I guess I gotta wake up these niggaz myself An E&J sipper, but my shit is top shelf Young J, the rawest shit you niggaz ever heard of A journalist nigga, call me the Fayetteville Observer You know the routine, man Fayettnam Real niggaz can relate And Ville niggaz can relate, man My niggaz know about the struggle, man What you know about your momma sewing patches on your holes, nigga? I had the light blue jeans with the green patches, haha, oh shit I was in like first grade man, I swear It was like the Sixes came out, the Jordan Sixes Them shit was so fly man, I wanted them so bad Darryl what up man? My nigga Darryl had them shits on in class yo I wanted that shit soooo bad I begged my mom for that shit, you know But she couldn't afford it, yo, she gave me Got me some Reeboks black tops, ahaha But that was all good tho, cuz uh The year after that I had, I had some, some no name shits Some all black shits, haha Them shits had metal, metal shoelace buckles and shit, you know? But you know back then niggaz didn't Niggaz ain't even know he was broke man, no worries and shit But uh, times have changed man, I got bills My mom is in debt, what you know about that? College loans and shit, nigga Gotta get this money, ma The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Come Up (Mixtape) Song: Throw It Up Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yeah Yeah, uh Yea Yea Yeah Carolina, nigga Fayettenam, nigga Yea This is for them street niggas to them deep niggas Them politics, them geek niggas To them freak bitches that swallow dick, it's real Or them sheet niggas ain't proud of shit niggas, and still Even them bleak niggas without a cent could feel I never sleep nigga, I gotta get them mills I never cheat nigga, my heart is with the ville When niggas greet niggas with hollow tips, but chill You'll never reach nigga, I got an itch to kill Word, a nigga bringing heat to the third My shit in every street, like the curb So bitches wanna meet cause I'm deep with my words So them niggas wanna peep like a perv But peep game Before they start saying "He changed" A real nigga can never forget where he came So if I'm up in Carolina kicking deep game Or if I'm riding through Queens like the E-train I throw it up! Yea If you a down south nigga, throw it up, (and) If you an east coast nigga, throw it up, (yea) If you a west coast nigga, throw it up, (ay) If you a mid-west nigga, throw it up, (ay) If you a Fayettenam nigga, throw it up, (yea) If you a ATL nigga, throw it up New York to L.A. niggas, throw it up Yeah, Chi town throw it up (yea) As you niggas smoking more kush South niggas wreaking niggas, ask George Bush Ask Bill Clinton, a nigga Will Smithin' My jeans a 'lil less baggy, money still fittin.' The streets a lil less rowdy, but they still kickin' Them Randy Johnson O.G. niggas still pitchin' And yeah, I know she got a man, but I'm still hittin' So when he be up in that shit, he be like "This feels different" No shit, throw dick like the veteran I am I got that vitamin D, it's like medicine to them I got her climaxing like it's never finna end That's why she fucking me a lot better than her man She try a new trick, she so wet a nigga swam Like a salmon in this bitch, my dick drowning in that shit They love a fly nigga on that frisbee shit Plus a nigga get Gs like them Disney flicks I throw it up! Yea If you a down south nigga, throw it up If you an east coast nigga, throw it up, (yea) If you a west coast nigga, throw it up, (yea) If you a mid-west nigga, throw it up, (yea) If you a Bull city nigga, throw it up, (yea) If you a H-town nigga, throw it up, (yea) You represent that Bay nigga, throw it up, (yea) And if you from that BK nigga, throw it up (yea) Greedy niggas want the money, so that's where my aim is Hoe niggas love the attention, wanna be famous Real niggas fuck the attention, they know it's dangerous Rather make a mil' and nobody know what my name is, (uh) But that's the price when you nice with it And them ladies gonna like cause you light-skinned I take advantage of the situation I'm hitting dimes from Atlanta up to Pennsylvania They catch feelings and I switch next "I made it clear baby, just sex I'm too young to settle down, shorty get dressed!" Even them white girls tryna be my princess But I only fuck with sisters like incest I've been stressed, I'm so in-depth I get this weight up off my chest like a bench-press I sense death in the air, but it's nothing for me Some niggas better be aware or meet the cousin of sleep, get it? You slow niggas still ain't felt that shit How she gonna upgrade me dog? I built that shit Rapping's a cash cow, finna milk that bitch You better hit up homocide, I just killed that shit, boy! Throw it up nigga! Throw Throw it, Throw it up! Yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Come Up (Mixtape) Song: Quote Me Typed by: AZ Lyrics Haha uh Yeah, uh Yeah, Yo Bear with a nigga man Gotta a little head cold, ya know? I'll still kill it nigga Show y'all niggaz how it do Real Quick Uh You know what they say The window to the soul is in the eyes So disrespect a nigga, I will close a nigga blind Yeah who can hold us? Super focused Shoot them hoes with the super soakers I got 'em so wet, fuck that, more wet I'm Hennessy drinking Wonder what my enemies' thinking Nervous? nigga, please I'm finna be caking with dough- So much bread, it's like a nigga be baking Walk that's so cold, this shit will need blankets Money coming soon, tell my niggaz be patient We gonna replace those whips with some sicker ones We gonna erase them chicks for some thicker ones Hit and run, bigger funds But still can't forget to pour liquor As I reminisce on them niggaz that couldn't come Rest in peace, can't control another man's destiny So I do what's best for me I know you think niggaz well, ain't no test to me On my plate is a meal, ain't no recipe- for that Some nigga chill on the tech, no speak, blaaat Some niggaz will put your chest to feet I'm talking reckless What you expect nigga, I'm flexing Y'all dyslexic, got a nigga twisted Never shot a nigga, I don't gotta get convicted Cause if I say the word, your whole squad is getting lifted What up then? Niggaz ain't saying nothing? Shut up then! Wouldn't last a minute in the city I grew up in Where I got my swag, cool as the breeze is Chip on my shoulder, I walk like I'm Jesus About that paper, we could give a fuck if you believe us Looking for model divas that barely speak English Fuck 'em while we rich, cause when we broke, they gonna leave us We earn stripes, looking like zebras Y'all looking like Adidas We do it for the streets, cause they need us Got beef? Come meet us Ok I thought so Y'all niggaz are so mad cause I floss so bad on bitches And with this stroke, I'm Picasso Niggaz told me good afaso Now she yelling out God so much, thought I had her singing gospel Shit, shout out to my apostle Shit, you know me, nicest nigga in the south Yea you can quote me! Wooo Shit! Haha Ooooh Shit, mother fucker! Hahaha Oohh Shit And I'm sick bitch, holla at me! You know! Fuck boy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Come Up (Mixtape) Song: College Boy Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yeah Ay check me out man In case y'all niggaz didn't know Shout out to the class of 2007 St. John's University, stand up! (Fayetteville state, nigga) All my North Carolina A&T Aggies stand up, UNTG man Carolina, NC State, Duke, wait for us, Salam State, man Fayetteville Tech For all my college niggaz man For all y'all little niggaz, this is why you should got to college, my nig Hahaha Yeah It's hard to picture a nigga not get money J.Cole living bummy? hahaha That shit is funny I'm focused on that cash, I just laugh at them bastards Eligible bachelor, finna get my Bachelor's And if this rap shit don't work, I'm going for my Master's Still scouting hoes on the first day of classes Keep up with the asses, keep up with the grades A nigga straight A's like the braze She got me in her dorm room, talking bout her room ain't clean And she wanna fuck, but wait until her roommate leaves Now I could give a damn if her roommate seeing Cause if the girl get excited, she's invited. (haha) If it's alright with you, yea, shit, then it's alright with me If it's alright with you baby girl, then it's alright with me, (uh) And if it's alright with you shawty, then it's alright with me Hey and if it's alright with you, (yea, yea) then shit, it's alright with me Yeah, uh, I hate to brag, well naw, I don't, the big man on campus I gotta chick in every class that give a nigga glances And if your ass is dumb you won't even get a chance Cause I gotta chick in every class that give a nigga answers, yea And if I hit ya shorty, keep it on the low This shit just like highschool, people wanna know I see you haters man, but I ain't mad at y'all niggaz We get ass like them basketball niggaz, I'm ballin'! Got a sidekick so them hoes don't be callin'! Hit me on aim, ay what's your screen name? When I start typing in, a nigga's got some mean game, yea And when I whip it out, shit she gonna think she seeing things, but Back in Carolina I miss home badly, (yea) It's funny hoes I couldn't have is tryna bag me But I'm in the Jeep with this freaky ass Aggy She said she want it from the back, gladly If it's alright with you, shit, then it's alright with me, (hey) If it's alright with you baby girl, then it's alright with me, (uh) And if it's alright with you shawty, then it's alright with me Look, if it's alright with you, (yea) you know it's alright with me Yea uh I'm skipping class just to get some ass, living fast And college with no sleep nigga, my jab-quick exams So kill that old college game, some shit we don't believe You mad cause your girl on Facebook poking me, so uh You know the G, I hit her up like "Hello Elle I see you looking right the other day, LOL So, what's good with you? " She hit me right back like "Shit, what's good with you? " You know I like that, so of course I write back Hit her with some nice chat Same night she in my room, lights off I strike that Yea I put game right, but that's your wife, nigga take her I bust then I kick her ass out to write a paper, yea (hahaha) A nigga doing homework, drinking like a fish It ain't a weekend that I'm sober Fighting hangovers on my way to my internship And I forgot to study for my midterm, shit! Hahahaha, wooo! Ay, this is straight through, nigga No, no fucking, no double takes This is straight through the whole shit nigga Check it out man, tryna tell y'all niggaz man College is a good look A real good look, my nigga For more reasons than one, man Know they try to keep us out of that shit though That shit like extra expensive I got scholarships though, so you know I'm not sweating that I feel for my niggaz that couldn't make it man Ay Mike we in there baby, hahaah Ay they can't, they can't keep us out the G my nigga, you know Then we all make it, nah, we ain't all make it Shout out to my niggaz, man All my niggaz, yo Weather you graduated or not Weather you made it to college or not, nigga Fayettenam, yeah, yeah Class of 2007 man Holla at me I'm going to grad school though, you know? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Come Up (Mixtape) Song: Split You Up Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yea, yea Real niggas can relate Yea, Ville niggas can relate man Yea I see you lookin' at me hard, shawty what it's gone be? Would you ride next to your man or let him run up on me? 'Cause I see him tryna grill, better take his ass home 'Fore I lay his ass out, then I take your ass home I ain't even gone front man a nigga tryna cut I ain't tryna take his place, I just wanna hit you up When that nigga ain't around I just wanna pick you up Bring you back to the crib, sip a little liquor up Then I give you a massage, get you wet get you up Then I give you what you want, if it's clean I'll lick it up Now you can do me, if it's right my shit is up Face down on your stomach take that ass and lift it up Then I do my thang, now shawty listen up Yea yo' pussy do bang got no problem hookin' up Just remember why I call ya, and why we gettin up I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up Cause I do my thang, now shawty listen up Yea yo' pussy do bang got no problem hookin' up Just remember why I call ya, and why we gettin up I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up I'll be that nigga on the side, when you feel you wanna creep When you in the bed alone while your man run the streets All you gotta do is dial, let the phone ring twice Babygirl I love your style I won't even think twice I ain't even gone front, man a nigga tryna beat I ain't tryna wife you up though you is a dimepiece I just love the way you ride like a certified freak How you throw it right back got a niggas thighs weak So just hit me when you want it, you know how to find me Got no time for no games you know how the grind be But I'mma make the time if you bouta dial me I'mma make you say my name like you caller ID Cause I do my thang, now shawty listen up Yea yo pussy do bang got no problem hookin' up Just remember why I call ya, and why we gettin up I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up Cause I do my thang, now shawty listen up Yea yo' pussy do bang got no problem hookin' up Just remember why I call ya, and why we gettin up I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up Give you money to get your hair did? He can do that Pay for dinner and a movie? Man, he can do that Work you out in the bed? Maybe he can do that But I know you'd much rather call me to do that And girl I'm wit' it Yea - I'm so wit' it Babygirl I'm so wit' it So let me hit it Cause I do my thang, now shawty listen up Yea yo' pussy do bang got no problem hookin' up Just remember why I call ya, and why we gettin up I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up Cause I do my thang, now shawty listen up Yea yo' pussy do bang got no problem hookin' up Just remember why I call ya, and why we gettin up I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Come Up (Mixtape) Song: The Come Up Typed by: AZ Lyrics Money coming soon, nigga.. I'm on the come up, chill nigga, don't run up A yellow nigga finna rise and shine like the sun up, (yea) My mind on that paper, I ain't tryna wife a slut up I'm dying for this cake and I ain't tryna wipe a crumb up They ride with the gun up, kill you and light the blunt up, (uh) Don't shed a tear, for a nigga might get done up But just say a prayer for a nigga might confront us Cause his life is summed up, the medics wipe his lungs up You coming to the ville, you gotta get a license from us City on my back, I feel like I'm holding Big Pun up No pain, no gain, my nigga, I just numb up I blow brains, go bang a nigga if he jump up With no shame, don't blame a nigga if you shot up This is cocaine on flames, baking soda and water And if you feel that, then I guess I sell crack, get it? Fall back, man, a nigga feeling crazy Shitting on niggaz, like a nigga was still a baby, (uh) Carolina nigga, shout out to the ville, it raised me So many hoes whipped, you woulda thought we still in slavery And niggaz still sleeping, they feeling lazy, (uh) A killa? maybe, you make me, I will (uh) Cheat me on my scrilla, I'll send you to meet Dilla, (uh) From them NC streets where beef they deliver And the clip is on 'E' cause your chest got a filla A nigga like me just getting head like a pillow Bred like guerillas getting bread So long as my momma and my niggaz getting fed Fuck what a niggaz said, (man) I'm Fayettenam bombing Cause hatred is flattery, you bitch niggaz is charming Who the fuck you harming? Boy y'all niggaz is Charmin, (uh) And I'm on it, waiting for a target You fucking with the best, like Common Ah shit, pardon a nigga for departin' I'm just getting green like a yard or a garden A nigga finna blow, while you niggaz is false alarmin.' (uh) And just think though, I was raised on Ramen, (uh) Chicken noodle soup, now I'm filet mignon.' I promise my momma I was coming to make this money And I swear I'm a kill the nigga that try to take it from me Yeah That's real talk, nigga! It's J.Cole, nigga, Therapist Whatever fuck you wanna call me, don't matter Make y'all niggaz understand, man Yea! Know y'all can't believe yourself right now Yo this nigga from the south, naw He can't spit, how the fuck is he so good? Hahaha Open your eyes, motherfucker Can't see? Niggaz on top! yup! On top, yup, yup On top! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Come Up (Mixtape) Song: Mighty Crazy Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yeah It's me! Feels good Carolina, what up? (Blazing) Fayettenam, what up? Therapist Yo, ay, Yo! You niggaz gotta be outta your rabbit ass mind A savage over this cabbage You really think I'm finna let your faggot ass shine? (no) Whipping niggaz like big body Cadillacs I'm on my grind, yo Bonafide hancho I could see through you niggaz with cataracts, blindfolds As matter of fact, I'm so bomb- niggaz scatter that Niggaz that, Niggaz so rat, Niggaz better act pronto My whole state in a reign, better pack ponchos, y'all know Shit is real in the ville, you could die slow or quick Survival's a bitch! But everybody don't meet her, so tuck the nine yo Wherever y'all roll, niggaz allergic to 5-4 God knows I don't put up no facade, no No fraud, niggaz scheming like Side-Show Bob Keep my eyes so wide, not another wise Disrespect me, you could watch your mother sigh From the other side, punk-ass nigga Jump and get lumped fast, throw you in the trunk Blast pop while I pump gas Skunk ass niggaz is trash, you need a sponge bath My niggaz will ride all day like a funpass That's some New York shit I'm from the south, though Don't never disrespect me, watch yo' mouth hoe I got agent clout though, y'all niggaz dissin' me is doubtful You talk shit? Watch your life fade like the outro! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Come Up (Mixtape) Song: Dead Presidents Typed by: AZ Lyrics Give me my money, man, why else would a nigga be grinding? I'm for them diamonds, dog, how else could a nigga be shining? I'm glowing, knowing that the flow intact Get this record deal, I swear to God, my first mil I'm blowing that Now, like fuck it I know I'll grow it back, shit, it's nothing Funny how blacks spend their money on mad shit for stuntin But shit, that's all we know man, thats how a niggaz raised You learn bout two things: getting pussy, getting paid And you should be gettin laid by the time you in ninth grade So niggaz lying on they dick and hoes giving nice brain, yea In class dreamin bout having these nice things And then you look around and wonder why you strugglin But them whites ain't I brush it off like, "fuck it, it's motivation" Some niggaz gotta walk through life, some niggaz roller skating Some niggaz bypassing steps, some niggaz chose to take 'em And for that fortune, man, some niggaz sold their soul to Satan But fuck it man, I ain't hatin, I gotta go for mines My little God-sister pregnant now, I put in overtime On my grind, yea, just like the nigga making Fortunes I'm focused, on my bite, like a cobra, I'm tryna get my Oprah on These hoes is crying cuz I won't pay 'em attention Time is money, bitch, and a nigga payin tuition Real niggaz hustle by using their intuition While these fake niggaz ain't into doing, they into wishin Til I'm rich, ain't no reason to settle nigga It's greed that make a nigga wink at the devil to get that cheese You niggaz couldn't think at my level, even with trees You couldn't get this deep with a shovel, now nigga, please I'm chasing G's tryna throw some diamonds on them freeze Sick shit, sneeze on some thousand-dollar sleeves Ease to the top and I'm not finna leave til I'm hot But my watch gotta breeze, a south nigga Boy, I'm shining without the diamonds in my mouth Out grindin while you reclining on your couch I'm climbing, you haters blinded by the doubt My niggaz riding is devout, so talking violence out yo mouth And you gonna find what I'm about, nigga Far from a slouch, nigga, I ain't gonna parlé with y'all I'll probably hit ya, my hand game like Bobby Fisher but check, them checks is all a nigga thinking For them Presidents, I'll treat a nigga like Lincoln The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Come Up (Mixtape) Song: Lil Ghetto Nigga Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yeah, uh Uh, yea Yea, uh Fayettenam, nigga Hahaah uh Carolina, nigga Yeah, Yea, let's bring it in Yea, this is for my niggaz in the struggle Yea, this is for my niggaz in the struggle Uh, uh, uh Nothing but sweat, tears Just another perspective Yeah Yo, uh Lifestyles of the young, black and genius Sons strapped with guns packed in jeans And the blunts got my lungs black as Jesus, (yea) Play with killers hung yack and slung crack for leisure And tell a nigga run that and gun clap for sneakers Young niggaz emulate what's coming out the speakers So everything we learn came from rappers, not teachers Cause if we can't relate, then how the hell you gonna reach us? Surrounded by crooked cops and preachers, (yea) Where my trust at? No time to think about illegal when my stomachs touching By any means, nigga, even if the gun is busted I see the world for what it is now I see the odds is looking slim for our kids now Cause, uh, it was a set up for my people to rise, (yea) My niggaz slang, but I see the pain deep in they eyes Niggaz living like they don't give a fuck And I don't blame 'em, it's a cold world, live it up! (live it up) The things that I've seen, (seen) The dreams that I dream, (dream) The rain in my sky The pain in my eyes But know that it gets better baby Hope that it gets better baby Don't let this world break you, (you) naw, naw Don't let them break you, (you) Yea, uh I look up in the sky, see that ghetto birds circulate And rollers on the block, my niggaz on the curb, cursin them, (fuck) Another day in the ville, do I stay in and chill? (no) Or go play in the field? Help my mother paying these bills, you tell me, nigga! We all young, black, some strapped Them whites had they lunch pack for school, we had our guns stacked And all a nigga wanna do is take his mother from that But they'd rather lock us up and make sure we don't come back To kill a nigga over beef and cheddar is even better Just one less coon they won't have to arrest Fuck a crooked cop three times Bitch, I'm getting cake and ain't a nigga finna eat mine That's why a nigga looking like a street sign, (yea) Posted on the corner 'til it's sleep time Wake up and it's feeling like somebody hit the rewind, (why) Cause them ghetto birds circulate, my niggaz steal purse and 'em Another day in the city, my niggaz say it with me, yea! The things that I've seen, (seen) The dreams that I dream, (dream) The rain in my sky The pain in my eyes But know that it gets better baby Hope that it get better baby Don't let this world break you, (you) naw, naw Don't let them break you, (you) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Come Up (Mixtape) Song: Homecoming Typed by: AZ Lyrics Uh, yeah Uh, uh-huh Yeah I'm I-95 cruising, with the sun in my eyes In the south, dog, my momma ain't seen her son in awhile Yea, I'll sure is Can't wait to see my niggaz and fuck with my old chicks Can't wait to cruise the city, be catching them old grins Same niggaz, same place, doing the same old shit Yea, so nigga watch it! A nigga been in NY tryna get some bigger pockets You still up in the ville, tryna make it in the trap I'm finna put us on the map; I told you I was coming back, Cause Yeah, so make way, the prince of the city, ain't a street I can't stay You niggaz is hatin, ' just be happy I ain't changed Blunts rolled to the murk, we all want the same thing And that's- money to feed us, yup We pray to God, but, we ain't tryna meet Him yet, haha! Yea, If I never.. Nigga, man Actually that is a bad idea, my nigga Cause uh Na na na Now I'm a always come home It's where a nigga was grown Where a nigga was shown How to scrap, yup Shown how to mack, yup Sold a whole lot of crack, yup Juggling them hoes There was a whole lot of that, yup Momma work to the bone Putting clothes on my back I'm coming home to give everything I owe to her back, yea Yea I swear they say, man Yea yeah Shout to the whole ville! Of course, so real! Uh If I never.. If I never went home again "Hello?, chill out nigga, what's up, boy? Yeah, I just touched down man I'm over off Ramsey and shit Aiight, well look I'm about to go check out my mom's man What's jumping for tonight? Oh the Live? I'm in there, nigga" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Deacon Album: The Come Up (Mixtape) Song: Carolina on My Mind Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yeah Yea Yea, uh It's Carolina, nigga Yeah Ay Fayettenam Yeah! Listen, alive and still kickin nigga I survived the ville But a lot will not, so they will glocks and bonnevilles Niggaz lying, still get high, they ride and kill Money hungry, tryna find a meal Can't stay inside and chill Little niggaz thinking: 'fuck school, I'm finna sign a deal!' Hunting hoes, trapping niggaz Lying like they on the pill Preachers say we blessed But all we feel is stressed, tryna deal If this liquor don't help, nigga, this marijuana will Roll up, I take a shot for them niggaz behind the steel –gates My mind is still- racing, I'm tryna kill- snakes Cause niggaz is fake, but wait, time reveals so Nevermind, that real shit is what I am tryna build It's kinda I'll how I'm giving y'all that Carolina feel A nigga so deep, you tryna find me dog, you gotta drill It's kinda I'll how I'm giving y'all that Carolina feel A nigga so deep, you tryna find me dog, you gotta drill Yeah Yo, Coming home, y'all Listen At any given time, got the city on my mind The city on my mind The city on my mind I'm riding round feeling like the city, it is mine The city, it is mine The city, it is mine At any given time, Carolina on my mind Carolina on my mind Carolina on my mind Said "I feel ya pain nigga, but I'm tryna go for mine" I'm tryna go for mine I'm tryna go for mine Hey Ay, fuck them hoes, let them bunnies be Perfect vision I'm 20/20 for this money, G See it's funny, you get that paper, then them honeys show Cause they know we finna blow, like a runny nose Money goes, the money come Barely twenty-one, I'm thinking big things Momma in the mansion with the fish tanks The Carolina way If you in college then you know the crime won't pay Lest you find a way, fuck what them niggaz is tryna say Cause in Carolina- we thorough My niggaz hold it down all the way from Fayettenam to the G borough And up in Winston, and Raleigh, did I mention? The Bull City got them ol' fake niggaz flinchin' Tar heels state, either you shooting or you hoopin' yo Niggaz can't wait for them Panthers to win the Superbowl So shout out to them super cold niggaz up in Charlotte No matter the city, man, Carolina shine, regardless! Yea Yo, coming home nigga! [Deacon] Riding big in an ol' school Chevy With the windows down when I'm rolling through my city, like Ooh! On my way to meet up with a freak and my nigga drunk beating She can hear me down the street, she like 'Ooh!' Blew game and I do my thing Ain't tryna settle down, I ain't shopping for no ring Oh no! Riding with my niggaz for the weekend Carolina sounds pumping out the speakers, like Ooh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Come Up (Mixtape) Song: Can't Cry Typed by: AZ Lyrics Need y'all niggaz to feel me yo Feel my pain.. Said soft niggaz can't last hard times yo Believe that shit Real niggaz don't cry.. Look Yo.. Was just a youngin' with that fresh fade Bird chest, legs skinny That hoop dreaming had me tryna be the next Penny Fresh pennies on my feet Momma paid for everything I'm wearing At the fair staring at girls, not a care in the world Aw. nigga, but shit done changed since "Mayne" was my nickname A little nigga chasing things, tryna kick game Now I'm a man worried about my fam' Let me explain Its like my pockets stay broke, and if not them shits sprained And so I rap for my niggaz trapped in the struggle Feeling like the world's on your back so you stumble And it feels like a quarterback get sacked, and then you fumble Jobs don't call a nigga back so it's back to the hustle Niggaz praying for they moms At the same time they moms pray for them Ask the Lord to stay with them, guide them on they way But damn a nigga been a lost fate It hurts on the usual The only time you catch me up at church is a funeral Sometimes sunshine turn to rain my nigga The same ones you love will bring you pain, my nigga I don't know if I'll see tomorrow But I won't cry, no, I can't cry And in this life, times getting hard my nigga But fuck that, I'm aiming for the stars, my nigga I won't stop, try 'til the day I die And I won't cry, no, I can't cry, no I sit back and watch the news every now and then Either get depressed or mad from watching the world just crash Even the weathers bad It be the same shit, got my brain twisted Like damn it's '06 and niggaz still up on that gang shit? Yesterday this kid got his whole frame split Only seventeen, he was finna graduate in like three weeks some stupid niggaz got him for his chain But he fought back, they blasted him and left him on the pavement And now they telling me this little girl just got raped Some dude snatched her and she was standing at the bus stop, wait man she just eleven! What the fuck is up with this world got these grown niggaz fucking with girls? Plus the cops harassing us every week be blasting us, on accident, or so they claim Reporters sympathizing like they truly know the pain They killed her only son Make her wanna blow her brains out Change the channel man I can't watch this shit.. Sometimes sunshine turn to rain my nigga The same ones you love will bring you pain, my nigga I don't know if I'll see tomorrow But I won't cry, no, I can't cry And in this life, times getting hard my nigga But fuck that, I'm aiming for the stars, my nigga I won't stop, try 'til the day I die And I won't cry, no, I can't cry, no Take a ride through the city man and tell me what you witness Poverty, richness, crooked cops and misfits violence, hatred, real devastation neighborhoods looking like there's still segregation welfare, single mothers, no jobs tryna get a piece for yourself, but they hogging up the whole pie fiegns in the street so high off of that crack shit this nigga thirteen with a gat under his mattress.. White folks got the road to success mapped and that's all good but why don't black's got that same atlas? I asked the same question a million ways and it seems like I had prayed for a million days Still the ills remain - just bills and pain Shoot outs and project buildings, children slain skies filled with rain and I just sit and wonder why Its enough to make a nigga wanna cry but I can't though.. Sometimes sunshine turn to rain my nigga The same ones you love will bring you pain, my nigga I don't know if I'll see tomorrow But I won't cry, no, I can't cry And in this life, times getting hard my nigga But fuck that, I'm aiming for the stars, my nigga I won't stop, try 'til the day I die And I won't cry, no, I can't cry, no The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Come Up (Mixtape) Song: Goin' Off Typed by: AZ Lyrics Fuck it Ay Do or Die, new arrival Holla at my niggaz You survive you's alive, yo Now either you follow me and ride, or you's a rival The difference between you and I is you a model, you posing But who am I though? The mulatto out for that lotto Money coming soon, the newest model Your crew is hollow The type of niggaz got more dick, chew and swallow Your girl told me shoot in her face, she suicidal Oh shucks, you niggaz is closed, you fold up I'm from the Ville, niggaz get killed over four bucks Thank God we made it, my niggaz, we grown up Now we crazy over that bread, call us the "dough-nuts," uh More sluts once the money blows up But them hoes stop if the dough drops I won't stop though, a chip off the 'ol block I'm from a city where niggaz hole blocks Leave you looking like old socks, damn Cops patrol blocks, spotting on us The boys is rotten, I know they want us Probably arrest a nigga, get a bonus You kill a nigga, get promoted Shit is crazy, girls getting babies before they get diplomas So much I just go nuts Niggaz telling me slow up Remember that I'm tryna get where that cheddar at Y'all don't hear me Always somebody that don't want you getting cheese, yo This whole bullshit is like Tom and Jerry I'm kinda very raw, niggaz can't deny facts If you black they sending you to jail or Iraq Honor is something you can't sell or buy back Niggaz don't like bragging, they 9-11 fly cats Hijack niggaz, "Get up out your whip nigga, strip! I want it all- ice on your wrists and the kicks" This shit happens, I ain't just rapping, believe it yo They got streets in the city police won't even go Peep it though, uh It ain't no secret, niggaz beefing cause my ego so big It got me speaking like I'm diesel, like I'm devil, oh Niggaz know my stylo, I ain't tweaking, I am lethal though Have your daddy looking for you This ain't Finding Nemo though Let me slow it down, dumb it down, y'all warned The son came up out that womb, yo, a star is born If real recognize real, y'all are foreign My team run a play on your bitch and we all scoring, yea! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Come Up (Mixtape) Song: Rags to Riches (At the Beep) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Ring] Your call has been forwarded to an automated voice messaging system Damn, broke is a bad joke but still I laugh though Frontin' trynna have hope, it's sad though I'm tired of being broke as shit I'm seeing other niggaz ball and I'm like 0 for 6 Ay man I just graduated, good old college degree Shit, my niggaz drug dealing seen more dollars than me I know my calling, it's in my blood to do this music thing Won't be that illest nigga that you never knew his name I'm looking at these fake A&R's like "you a lame- That boy a genius and you ain't even listen, man you insane" But you'll see though, just what the hell a nigga bout' to be though So give me one year then play this back like T-VO Cause boy I'm fein'n blow I'm a mothafucking torpedo The music's in my blood so watch these niggaz turn mosquitoes Uh, I play the villain and the hero, some grow man shit Feel like a god'dam kid, man I'm Pac and BIG (What up?) "Up" is something that I can't give Won't see me disappear like the old Ant Viv Cause even on a slow jam I'm so damn sick Man I even spread a virus to a program-quick I gotta focus on my flow and get some doe man, shit No dollars got me acting like I got no damn sense But peace to my broham's and my ex lady Yea we've been complicating things with the sex lately Maybe I'm being selfish-but naw I can't help it Cause girl we go back like a throwback Celtics-jersey Regardless of where God lead us Just know that I was Martin and you was my Gina Uh, but I'm through living in the past Lord No more thinking rewind and more fast forward Less rearview mirror and more dashboard I'm visualizing cash and stamps on a passport That CLS with a full tank of gas for it Cop my momma a whip nigga he didn't even ask for it Wise enough to know that money can't buy you happiness or loveers But it's gon get my momma out the struggle Wise enough to know that money can't buy you happiness or lovers But it's gon get my momma out the struggle Said I'm wise enough to know that money can't buy you happiness or lovers But it's gon get my momma out the struggle nigga Yeah uh! Uh huh I'd like to welcome ya'll to My life, my life, my life, my life in the sunshine (My life in the sunshine, ok yeah) Everybody loves the sunshine (This is the come up nigga, uh) Sunshine (Ayo real quick man) Everbody loves the sunshine (Ya'll better pardon this experience man, the come up) (While we gettin' outta here, I just wanna give a few shout outs man) Sunshine (First and foremost man, my fam man my mother my brother man) Folks get down in the sunshine (God nigga, yes god nigga) (For real my brothers from 'nother mothers man, RJ man) Sunshine (Mike Shaw, what it is man, DreamVille all day, we not...) Folks get down in the sunshine (We callin' that shit Fayattenam niggaz) (But we also callin' that shit DreamVille Nigga you got a dream, you can get the fuck up outta yo situation nigga Shout out to By Any Means, my nigga E-Ro man Them Two Nice Niggaz man All the way, all terrain music all day) There's trees and plants and flowers (It's a beautiful life man) (Froms rags to riches, watch me man) There's trees and plants and flowers (From rags to riches) There's trees and plants and flowers (Uh yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Come Up (Mixtape) Song: Get It Typed by: AZ Lyrics Gotta get my groove back, you know? It's been a little minute Yea Yeah Uh Label me greedy, but see me finish what Petey started From Carolina where niggaz spray like graffiti artists The south nigga, niggaz used to think we retarded And slow as hell, but well well, now we regarded as the niggaz. (yea) I fuck with non rapping niggaz, non clapping niggaz Niggaz is real, y'all is action figures. (ha) Ain't into acting bigger than I really am Ain't no two ways around it, motherfucker I'm the man Where the beef at? Back in the days I ain't even go out for recess A nigga don't play, man, I been living okay Been up in Queens where they 'rid of those foes And niggaz GATs got bodies like video hoes It's J.Cole, you not fucking with just any old flow I'm like the '95 Penny, you like Penny '04 No disrespect to my favorite player Niggaz praying a nigga never see the day a nigga rich So I'm slaying niggaz, yea This is for my niggaz tryna make it Watch out for them evil ass niggaz tryna take it, uh They love to see a nigga dead up, in jail Living in a world where we set up to fail But I'm a get it, nigga I'm finna to get it I'm a get it, nigga I'm finna to get it Yeah I'm a get it, nigga I'm finna to get it. (yea) I'm a get it, nigga I gotta get it Niggaz in the streets, no Niggaz blessed beats I got that priest flow, heavenly You gonna cross over if he reach for the rock Just a figure a speech for the glock From the Ville, where police know the heat flow a lot. (yea) Like our beats yo, it's hot Niggaz laid out Caught a fake nigga centerfield it's cause they played out Watch our boys fade out, niggaz tryna hate If he only knew my dick's in his dame's mouth Just made out, came out the woodworks Now they tryna peep a nigga footwork I'm getting real green, y'all niggaz playing on some good turf Fake money, scared money, never make money And a nigga never fear nothing but God Fuck a facade I'm just focused on stuffing my pockets up with them wads and shit Hundred thousand dollar deposit shit Been dreaming 'bout millions since a nigga was five or six And so I strive, I'm the God, this some bible shit Nigga I Yea This is for my niggaz tryna make it Watch out for them evil ass niggaz tryna take it, uh They love to see a nigga dead up, in jail Living in a world where we set up to fail But I'm a get it, nigga I'm finna to get it I'm a get it, nigga I'm finna to get it Yeah I'm a get it, nigga I'm finna to get it. (yea) I'm a get it, nigga I gotta get it Tell em Geppettos my niggaz is ghettos with scarface dreams On the block with the hard hate, that's all they seen Niggaz killing niggaz in broad day on all they screams Watching cops loving car chase scenes Niggaz arrested Treat us like roaches, the prison's nigga infested They hate to see the day we ain't slain, niggaz invested All created equal looks like equal to a less than Depending on your race, or depending on your address, man I've been blessed, was given less and but still progress, man I hate to see the position my niggaz left in Slay dope or nigga you slave for minimum wage Ashamed But we living in the cage, so nigga get paid, shit How could I tell a nigga not to hustle? Yea it's a better life my nigga, but it's not for us though Instead they wanted us to break They never wanted us to make it, yea To my niggaz smart enough to be smart enough to take it, nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Nervous Reck Album: The Come Up (Mixtape) Song: I Do My Thing Typed by: AZ Lyrics Big nerve out of the bullpen with the assist We goin' back to war tell them boys to re-enlist I got more shit you don't wanna be a vic I'm bangin' yall heads it's bout to be a bitch It's bout to be a lick I'm feelin' very vigorous I'm bout to be set for life like I'm jigga's kids All terrain music you know how real it is I got the beat an shit now look what I did My man filthy told just grab my balls on it So what did I do? Yeah I grabbed my balls on it What should you do? I say bet it all on it Yeah thats my advice just bet it all on it Do what I say so I ain't talking for nothin' Don't take no from a holes yeah especially in public J. Cole we way swoll either hate it or love it Got hoes we take those if you dont like it then fuck it You got your feelins hurt? You wanna talk about it? Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it I do my thing I don't care you you feel about it You got your feelins hurt? You wanna talk about it? Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it I do my thing I don't care you you feel about it Look at the product it's nice Fuck wit fire and ice Cheated on my girlfriend until my tires got sliced Just got some x pills we gonna try em tonight hang on tight girl you going for the ride of yo life Everything was fine until she said I wasn't her type Oh I get it all the time its because that I'm white She was like "nah I'm used to dudes packin' the pipe so you can just drop me off if you ain't tappin' me right" I hysterically laughed girl I aint scared of yo ass I don ate more pies than even sara lee has so when I get done with that you wanna marry me ha play in the backyard so I can bury the cash and I can bury the bone cuz I am hier to the throne I don't need no help see I can carry my own no time for tricks bitch curly larry or moe I hit with a big stick it's only fair that you know You got your feelins hurt? You wanna talk about it? Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it I do my thing I don't care you you feel about it You got your feelins hurt? You wanna talk about it? Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it I do my thing I don't care you you feel about it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Warm-Up Song: Welcome Typed by: firstlinerhyme@gmail.com Fayettenam, yeah. Bitch [Verse 1] I'm sippin' liquor for the pain Pourin' liquor for the slain Nothin' else can do the trick, like hard liquor to the brain Fall victim to the game, all this money we spent In my mind tryna figure where this 20 g's went Maybe I should slow it down; maybe take the pace slow Second thought, I think I need to speed it up and make mo' Time to build, Lego In the Ville, laid low Countin' days, still waitin' on that shit I prayed for Am I ungrateful, want it all so quick Feel a vibrate, hold up, I got a call, old bitch How she get my new shit Swear the city too small Type of chick won't take her shirt off cause her titties too small I could give a damn girl, lift up that pretty blue bra Now I'm in the deep-seaing just how pretty you are And that kitty go hard Lawd, I'm up in that Got the type of kitty cat that make a nigga double back Type of shit that make a nigga wanna fall in love with that At the door wit a towel on and nothin' under that sayin' Welcome [Verse 2] I let these words flow out Like water from a spout Like rain from the clouds Rush the pain from the crowd Cause these words go deep from my soul when I speak Then the flows hit the souls of all those that I've reached If I die 'fore I wake, hope my songs live on Will they miss when I'm gone and if so, for how long So much shit is on my brain Try hard to maintain Sit and analyze my thoughts At times, I wonder if I'm sane Man, it's hard to trust friends When the paranoia blends with the marijuana Wonder will this high ever end Swear I'll never smoke again Y'all niggas blow the weed Let me take another shot Man, this liquor's all I need Just to put me in the zone So far away from home Nobody truly know me, got me feelin' so alone They wonder what's on my mind What's lingerin' in my dome I tell 'em ain't nothin' wrong I deal with it on my own I deal with it on my own Yeah, I deal with it on my own nigga Welcome The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Warm-Up Song: Can I Live Typed by: firstlinerhyme@gmail.com [Verse 1] Yeah. Pussy my passion, never been a fan of flashin' Probably cause I never could said if I had it, never would Then I got my first lil' taste of paper, and I splurged I guess its just a nigga urge, this is the Boondocks I swear yo I'm like Huey mixed with Riley Thursday I be tryn' to save the world, then on Friday I hit the club Hoping that my dick get rubbed by some fat asses Niggas get to scrappin' then you hear the gats blasting Damn, older niggas ain't got no problems with me My momma told me to speak like you got a college degree You see I can, but I won't, plus I'm saying what I want Plus this slang that I speak dont change that I'm deep As the throat, on a certified freak, will she choke As we headed to the crib, yes I let her give me head so she won't remember where I live My game is tight, baby no need to bring pajamas, you ain't staying the night No disrespect, I just say it polite I drop her off before I sleep, I be praying for life Like Hov said it "can I live?" Dear Lord, can I live Now am I living to get paid just slaves for a wage all week I can't do no 9 to 5 told my momma "sorry" I can't do no suit and tie, no I want the glory If you knew me know my life is like a movie starring me Pardon me, if it seems that I'm following my dreams I ain't reading off the script that they picked for me I ain't pissed, naw couldn't give a shit hardly I be shitting on them niggas that was shitting on me Will I live or will I die before they get to know me If I go I know the ones that's pouring liquor for me And I know the fake niggas really hatin' on me Knew that I was 'bout to blow so they was waiting on me [Refrain] But oh no, Lord See I'm smarter then they know So hold on, Lord, cause I ain't quite ready to go Can I live Somebody told me that it's only one shot So I'll be goddamned if I'm ever gonna stop Promise to my momma I'mma make it to the top So I'mma keep climbing 'till heartbeat drop [Verse 2] Like the phone when she heard the news Her sister on the other line talking to her shoes Her only son, what a thing to lose More blacks singing more blues More niggas pourin' more brews Poor dude he was young like 21; straight up out that city that I'm from A real smart nigga, but his niggas, they was dumb He ain't even get a chance to run [gun shots] Before it landed in his lung God, breathe nigga His partner screaming "don't you fucking leave nigga" Took off his shirt trynna stop the bleeding nigga, "don't you go" But his life fadin' slow Did I tell my mom I love her, do she know Did I tell my baby sorry from before Won't get to see my son grow Lord, I ain't ready to go, can I live? Can I live? Dear Lord, can I live? Can I live? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Warm-Up Song: Grown Simba Typed by: firstlinerhyme@gmail.com [Verse 1] Now I was dreamin' bout a deal at the age of thirteen I was fiendin' for the meals; I ain't talking Burger King Some of my niggas in the Ville all they did was serve fiends Fuck scales, I had skills: all day rehearsing Them pretty boys had them gals, spend their time flirting All they wanted was some waves like they fucking surfing Hold up now don't get it twisted, I ain't hatin', do your thing I was like a young Simba: couldn't wait to be the king Now, nigga, it's the prince Hopped over the fence, where the grass way greener Look at shorty ass way meaner Something like Serena mixed with Trina, have you seen her She fine enough to be Miss Howard, word to Adina My money like a senior watch it graduate Now its time to eat I'm letting all my niggas grab a plate Gravitate to real shit, stay away from phonies These niggas heard about me now they acting like they know me [Refrain] Where you goin' nigga Shit, there ain't no telling Ay, where you goin' nigga Ay, there ain't no telling They keep on saying where you goin' nigga There ain't no telling Can't tell you where I'm goin', just know I won't stop Goodbye to the bottom, hello to the top [Verse 2] Pardon the interruption A proper introduction is necessary when your shit is legendary, man Greedy niggas wouldn't let me in the cafeteria Cause they ain't believe, suddenly they Presbyterian The hoes is librarians, they looking me up She got a jones like Marion, she licking me up Then we cut, look how she say my name I got her moaning J. Cole, they used to say Jermaine I never change, I'm like a corpse in a coffin, 6 feet, shit's deep I was low, just a dolla and some hope fixed me Cause I was broke plus the weed that I would smoke would make it worser Lord, please let my problems disappear like Ron Mercer I'm a star, Converses Conversing with them girls with them curves like cursive They open like curtains because my shit is unheard of Like curses on the radio Same bitches used to play me though [Refrain] [Verse 3] I left the city for a minute but it's still on my back Told my niggas, "Ay I'm finna' put the Ville on the map" I'll be back, and I'm coming with a deal and a plaque Cause I'm ill bitch, they couldn't make a pill for the rap Pouring liquor for my niggas that was killed, send em back Came home shit is real niggas still in the trap Hold up now don't get it twisted if you slang do your thang Me I'm like a young Simba I can't wait to be the king Witness the dream Straight out that Carolina water I was brought up In the city where the skinny niggas tryna be the ballas Ain't no fathers but the skinny niggas tryna hit their daughters Sneaking in her crib but her momma never caught us What they taught us men them bad bitches only want the ballas The starters, we hoopin' now the hoes wanna guard us Okay, so play D - know what I mean? And I put you on the team Man this life is but a dream And I need a fast car, bad broads, fast forward Passports: I'm a fucking rap star The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Warm-Up Song: Just To Get By Typed by: firstlinerhyme@gmail.com [Intro] That was the warmup, that was the warmup baby Aight Elite for real one take dawg and I'm up outta here One. Yup. Yeah [Verse 1] Lord please forgive me for my sinnin' I ain't sayin' that I'm finished But I'm praying in advance Cause the way her eyes glance like they playing in my pants Yeah ballgame, I swear the hoes wasn't in my plans When a nigga took the chance and came to the big city My beat machine the only fucking thing I had with me Like Bobby had Whitney we was cooking up crack But the fifteen credits had a nigga off track Picture that, best rapper since Lil' Wayne in classes The best bachelor since Bruce Wayne with his bachelor's The master of this rap shit You hear the words coming from my lips bastards I never crack I got that chap stick I practiced till that shit made perfect And served it to the people on a silver platter Now where's the ladder Cause either you gonna whine or you climb; I chose the latter Know you haters is pissed hold your bladder though ‘Fore you get tossed like a forward lateral We never tattle, let God handle that Or let the mob handle that No Soprano, half black, half white I'm a piano I'm an animal my video on Discovery Channel I'm a beast when my shit hits the streets these niggas cease To exist like a beach in a tsunami You find me in the ‘Ville, in the state of NC Bitch, if I ain't back home I'm up in NYC ‘Bout that money probly like a fucking robbery But I ain't jacking, I'm chasing dreams Sort of like jeans, boy I ain't slacking I'm chasing dreams, sort of like jeans, boy I ain't slacking Hey take a hard look at my drive nigga no hacking On my shit I'm straight smacking niggas, straight tagging niggas Yo, I freestyle and fuck you niggas ya'll be wilding and I'm out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Warm Up/Lights Please 12" Song: Lights Please Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Verse 1 - J. Cole] Yeah, I had this little bad thing somethin like them tens She gave a nigga made brain, somethin like The Wiz But you see the sad thing fuckin with her is Is the chick ain't even have brains, dummy like a bitch So I tried to show her, about the world and about just who we really are And where we've come and how we still have to go really far Like baby look at how we live broke on the Boulevard But all she ever want me to do is unhook her bra Then all I really want is for her to go down low Before you know it she wet enough to get drowned slow And all that deep shit I was previously down for Replaced by freak shit I am currently down for You see I peeped it, pussy is power That proud feeling we get knowin that pussy is ours And how it, feels to feel that feeling you feeling when you be drillin that shit Got her sayin you be killin that shit And all the pain the world cause she be healin that shit And nah that ain't your girl dog but you be feeling that chick And you just wanna tell her everything she might need But in the mean time it's lights please, lights please, lights please [Chorus - J. Cole] Turn off the lights For now everything just seem so right And how you make the darkness seem so bright I'm feeling like things gon' be alright, lights please, lights please Turn off the lights For now everything just seem so right And how you make the darkness seem so bright I'm feeling like things gon' be alright, lights please [Verse 2 - J. Cole] So now we in the hotel, mirrors on the ceiling She say she wanna blow L's, I hear her and I'm willin But every time I smoke well a nigga mind gone So that every word I spoke, well I'm tryin to put her on But she couldn't hear me, I told her all about how we have been living a lie And that they love to see us all go to prison or die Like baby look at how they show us on the TV screen But all she ever want me to do is unzip her jeans Then all I really want is for her to get on top Before you know it, she workin, jerkin it non-stop And all that next shit I was previously talkin Is now that wet shit that I'm currently lost in And while that sweat drip, I am reminded All the times my brother told me that pussy is blindin I'm findin, the more I grow the more y'all seem to stay the same Don't even know the rules but yet y'all tryin to play the game And ain't it shameful, how niggaz blame hos for givin birth To a baby that took two to make, coward nigga you a fake How you gonna look in your son's face and turn your back Then go start another family dog, what type of shit is that? She said it's okay, rub my head and told me to relax Laid a nigga down proper, like she was recording tracks Said I know you wanna change the world but for the night please Just reach over and hit the lights please, lights please, lights please [Outro - J. Cole - talking] Ah, uh uh, lights please Ah, uh uh, lights please Ah, uh uh, lights please Turn off the lights, lights please The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Warm Up Song: Dead Presidents II Typed by: firsltinerhyme@gmail.com [Refrain] I'm out for presidents to represent me I'm out for presidents to represent me I'm out for presidents to represent me I'm out for dead fucking presidents to represent me. [Verse 1] These niggas is playing Russian roulette with a full clip, foolish My crew is fool-less no we don't dance all we do is stay two steps ahead Make the hoes get loose like a noose neck Instead while these dudes beg for head They got the game twisted Heavy traffic in this rap shit Look how my lane shifted, elevated my game, lifted my name Now these lame niggas could never get it Like that bad bitch you wanted but could never hit it Clever with it, my flow like a devil spit it and heaven sent it So high if I dropped I would fall for eleven minutes So yeah, I operate on a higher plane, my thoughts take a higher train It's dope, then you should know the suppliers name It's J. Cole, set of horns and a halo And all these Jose Canseco's wanna text-us like Waco Its hard to remain faithful niggas be throwing hate Yo I'm in a league of my own so what the fuck would I play for Some next niggas almost slid in but didn't fit in Naw I ain't Maury Povich but who the fuck is you kiddin These big wig niggas throwing their bid in Try not to show stress I guess the flow is protested like a sit in I told my niggas we would get in But that ain't even half the battle Stay behind like a shadow Or you catapult Now if I had a ladder or now even if I had a rope I'd climb that motherfucker to the top and never let it go! [Refrain x2] [Verse 2] Heaven or hell, you choose Freedom or jail, you lose I can't stop, I'm as hot as the devils shoes Overcame a low life status to blow like Gladys Ahead of my time like I live my whole life backwards I'm nothing like these ho-like rappers My whole life practice to be the one What's it like to be LeBron They calling you the saviour, so much pressure but you deal with it The weight of the world on your shoulders but you still lift it Ill with it for real, lil nigga from 'Ville that real niggas can feel Nobody taught us how to cook still niggas a grill No Foreman, try not to call them ladies bees but them hoes swarmin' Now honey, aye is it destiny or is it money your feelin' Heard rumors of a deal and now you thinkin' a million Pardon my paranoid mind but I'm starin in the mirror livin in fear that things a never be the same No one left for me to blame but myself cause I asked for this Headed for fame but in my brain, hey can I last in this Aye five years I'll probably laugh at this Try not to let it wear me out like a bad bitch with fashion sense I keep it fresh while these wack niggas rehash and shit Jackin' styles you know, ski mask and shit I pass these niggas, they trynna do it how these other niggas did it I'm tryna live it how no other nigga ever lived it I'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me [Refrain] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Warm Up Song: I Get Up Typed by: firstlinerhyme@gmail.com [Verse 1] I woke up early in the mornin', hoes blowin up my phone Ain't no use small talkin' when they know I'm tryna bone, fuck 'em I'll holla later man, right now my mind else where My mom's health care get her out this hell here a lot of niggas fail Frail niggas won't prevail here We seen it all man niggas can't even spell scared A fresh prince but yo my city ain't no Bel-Air Fuck if you would sell, I'm worried bout my welfare So farewell to them broke days and bonjour to the most paid Soon as my dough straight I throw the wifey in some Dolce and put some chains on my niggas like own slaves I get up, look out the window hope the sun shining Down on my niggas outhere front linin' I hit the streets and see them boys out here locking up some older head So god damn homey hold ya head (and hold ya head) [Refrain] I get up I see the clouds from my window I pray the sun gon' shine this way And where I go as the wind blow Momma ya son gon' find his way And if I gotta crawl I'm a make to the end though, up to the top if climb my way And tell em' I'm a rise I'm on my Headed for the sky I'm on my way [Verse 2] Paint a picture to show the deaf what it's like to listen And speak the words and tell a blind man what he missin' For all my niggas doin' time man up in prison Thought you had to resort to crime man fuck the system We raisin' babies up in Hades where there ain't' no hope Ain't no fathers don't take no scholarship to slang no dope Politicians hollerin' bout problems but I ain't gon' vote He talk bout change, still we floatin' in the same ol' boat So tell me how I'm suppose to feel when the President spoke When he ain't neva had to struggle ain't neva been broke Ain't even roll through the ghetto ain't neva been close Trustin' this government like trustin' the devil in oath For rebel with quotes I get up Life style of the young, black, and reckless A generation of niggas strapped and askin' questions Like tell me why I ain't got shit I let this liquor fill my liver with them toxics As I zip [Refrain] [Verse 3] Yeah, to all my niggas paper chasin' I pray for your patience Just keep the faith that you gon' make it one day you'll be cakin' Takin' this shit one step at a time That real shit is stuck in my mind But to that bullshit I'm deaf and I'm blind Destined to shine I'm a find a way Cause hey Dammit them jobs outthere ain't tryna pay I pray Granted 9 to 5 is how you survive I ain't tryna survive, I'm tryna throw my momma in rides I'm a provide for my seed I'm the soil I teach 'em bout loyalty I teach 'em that his skin black like oil that's for royalty I show 'em all the things that my pops was neva showin' me Treat 'em like a growin' tree with this poetry I get up And show the sons how to lead not to follow The present is our gift but our seeds got tommorow So please niggas raise your kids And help em' overcome that bull shit they daze us with I blaze the shit [Refrain] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Warm Up Song: World Is Empty Typed by: firstlinerhyme@gmail.com [Verse 1] It's Cole, won't lie, won't stop 'til the race is won Niggas who be rapping how real they are Usually turn out to be the fakest ones Carolina where I made it from Cold world no blanket son Girls fast how Jamaicans run Puffing on the city where the Lakers from, L-A, L-A, la la So high everything is a "ha ha" for me Dreaming of the days of a drop 500 And a bad bitch that will go to Popeyes for me You can never tell me that I'm not hungry If you ever felt what's inside my tummy My mind wondering now, is my time running out Is the Lord up top with a stop watch for me Hope not [Refrain] My world is empty without you babe My world is empty without you [Verse 2] A wise nigga told me don't chase that cash Follow your heart you'll make that fast Does a stripper love to shake that ass Or does she wish to erase that past Got a nigga in her face just gassed Like "baby girl why you take this path" Stack in his hand trynna make that last All she thinking bout is how to take his last Rub titties in his face and laugh Gotta try not to look fake in fact A little more money like a few more 20's When you let that nigga grab your naked ass Okay he's gone now, roll her eyes when he whispers in her ear "This ain't the life for you baby let me take you out of here" Cause [Refrain] She like nigga yeah right You know how much motherfucking money I'm making [Verse 3] Yeah My niggas sit back blowing the L Only getting high cuz we closer to hell Nigga trying to live like Hova, but well We broke and that dough coming slow as a snail Hustle hard in the snow in the hail Hit the block like a postman with mail My brother got knocked now they hold him in cells My mom broke but she posted the bail Someway, somehow nigga feeling Like the sun down even when the sun up Hear the sound out the window of the gun bust And you wonder why niggas keep the gun tucked But this how niggas was brung up A mother just trying to raise her son up 'Til a stray bullet got his lungs struck And the Governor couldn't give one fuck While she singing [Refrain] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Warm Up Song: Dreams Typed by: firstlinerhyme@gmail.com [Introduction] You got to follow me with what I'm doing right here man Like, when I say this shit is crazy, I don't mean it's crazy like crazy I just mean crazy like it's fuckin'- like it's actually crazy [Verse 1] Seems like I always had crushes on chicks I couldn't have And then I end up fucking with someone I shouldn't have See, in my mind, it's like I'm perfect for her, I gotta show her But sadly, in reality, dog, I don't even know her But still somehow she got my mind infatuated Absolutely fascinated with the thoughts of what she might be like Time after time after time I had to wait Is fate procrastinating I can take it cause I might be right, cause it's [Refrain x2: J. Cole and Brandon Hines] The girl of my dreams Ay, is she good as what she seems Or am I lying to myself Ay, should I try and get some help [Verse 2] Oh shit, she passed me on the boulevard Ay, tell me is it stalking if I follow her like all the way home without her knowing Nah, nigga, I'm just curious where she stay at Besides when I'm with her, this gon' be the spot we lay at And maybe I'll just drive by occassionally And if one day I happen to see her outside, she'll wave at me Imagine what she'll say to me: this ain't no time to be afraid no more It's time for bravery No matter if my homies think I'm crazy, this the girl of my dreams [Refrain x2] [Verse 3] Look, I spot her walkin' in the mall Okay, it's time to grow some balls if she really gon' be yours Oh my god, I'm walking towards her My mind screaming stop, but my legs keep walking forward Straighten up your face, nigga, she see you coming for her My heartbeat racing and my hands keep shaking Say something, you shy motherfucker, she's waiting "What's up girl, don't mean to interrupt But in the city I done met a lot of women But you from my dreams, and will you come true I know about a show that we can catch, some R&B and rap, and you should come through" She said, "Uh, I'd love too, except I don't like rap Besides, if I went with you, then I don't really think my man would like that." (Damn, Damn) Okay, you say you got a man, I mean, I definitely understand I'm happy for you, really am, I couldn't have been the only fan In the world of a girl like you I mean, you're beautiful, and I'm sure he's a very nice dude It ain't no biggie, well I'm sure that I'm gon' see you around the city Only thing I ask if shit don't work out for y'all, then don't forget me And don't act like a stranger when you see me on the scene I came up with a world-class scheme to get the girl of my dreams [Refrain x2] [Verse 4] So I find out the nigga name, know exactly where he stayin' Find out when he leave for work. "Hold up nigga, is you sane?" I'mma follow in my car; I'mma cut in front of his Run him right into the wall, maybe even off the bridge I give her a little time, then console her while she crying She gon' take that as a sign; finally she will be mine I'll be king, and she'll be queen when I hit her with ring At the wedding, who gon' sing [Refrain x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Warm Up Song: Royal Flush Typed by: firstlinerhyme@gmail.com [Verse 1] Yea, this Is the "Warm Up!" Okay I roll up, hold up, look at how I showed up I blowed up had a hole up in my pocket now it's sewed up They fein' for that crack, you know that rock I got that product You niggas trynna stop it better load up, I hang my coat up Aye I'm gon' be here for a while so I smile haters I'm on that green like a flower, like an alligator Now or Laters I serving niggas I'm a sound waiter Just tell me what you want I bring that back an hour later Look how I cater, dog what chu afraid' of: Nothing They talking gangsta without no data they: Fronting Jackie-Chan Jean-Claude-Van-Dam strait stuntin' I wish a nigga would say somethin' I'm a Carolina nigga, boy I got it on my back Piggy back style I ain't talking bout' no tatt And I'm a rep the Ville in every city that I'm at And I guarantee I'm bringing home plaques Shoutout to my brother Zach, and my mother, I love ya [Break] [Verse 2] Yea look ain't that about a bitch This nigga on his own dick, they say I'm like the human body I produce my own shit And I tot' my own horn. a star when I was born Many name ain't James, my word is bond Yea shoutout to Cannibus had a similar line 98-99 Damn, that was the times never mind dwelling in the past Your listenin' to the future The flows gets tighter, them hoes get loosier Then they wanna seduce ya like Madusa, be cool I said I got a girl, she told me, "Me too" So that must mean you want a nigga to eat that seafood Baby don't be foolish but call her I'll watch her do it [Break] Yea and this is only "The Warm Up" yea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Warm Up (Mixtape) Song: Dollar and a Dream II Typed by: AZ Lyrics Hey, hey, yea, yea Got a dolla and a dream Yea I got a dolla and a dream, real niggaz on my team Everything ain't what it seems Yea I got a dolla and a dream, hey [clears throat] Ay, I got a dolla and a dream, real niggaz on my team Everything ain't what it seems Niggaz hatin' but I love them even though they trynna scheme But I'm past that, a niggaz stock is raising like the Nastec They same I'm the future but yet I'm giving niggaz flashbacks Of better days, when you ain't have to settle for whatever played I represent the struggle nigga I say what they never say Whenever they, spit that bullshit they spittin, this that pool pit I'm hittin niggaz with the gospel Hostile with them hoes, I got a dolla in my pocket, plus a dream Yea you laughing my nigga but everything ain't what it seems What it means to know your momma or your father on that pipe On that hard white, I'll tell you what them scares like I'm speaking through these bars like a nigga in the jail Tired of sifting through my mails I feel like Cartwright, bills Forreal, a nigga I'll Just let me do the talking men I know how niggaz feel I got a dolla and a dream, real niggaz on my team Everything ain't what it seems [4x] I got a dolla and a dream, real niggaz on my team Everything ain't what it seems Every lady ain't no hoe, and every bitch ain't no queen Every nigga ain't no dog, and every nigga ain't no king Shit be happening for a reason, everything is everything Every nigga can't dunk, so white man can jump They shooting niggaz fo' they even tell em put their hands up! Crooked cops, got a nigga scared to drive probably thinking that I'm slanging man I see it in their eyes But inside of my pocket is a dolla plus a dream Yea you swear your girl is faithful everything ain't what it seems See I seen how she glance and look away like she want it I ain't saying I'm a fuck her but I could if I wanted Know it hurts that she flirts with a nigga this is worst I bet if I was to hit men, I wouldn't be the first This is church, this is gospel Spit it like I get from the Bible, for your survival I got a dolla and a dream, real niggaz on my team Everything ain't what it seems [4x] Check it Ay Salle, I know I ain't been answering your calls, but shit, let me explain- It's because times been hard, been runnin around trynna find a job I hear my phone ringing in the morning, 9 o'clock And it's you, can't even front I press ignore I still got cha letters laying in my dresser draw You telling me about all the things you did for me When I was broke, you sent me doe and that was big for me See you was there every year when I needed you, And you were so quick to give I had to be with you Remember when I used to call you on your phone line I knew it was official when my momma cosigned But in no time, a nigga graduated I hit the real world, baby girl I'm sad to say it But I was using you, you gave a nigga major stacks And I know one day in my heart that I'm gonna pay you back" I got a dolla and a dream The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Warm Up (Mixtape) Song: Water Break (Interlude) Typed by: AZ Lyrics I feel like we should just you know keep the world in suspense no longer And you know just put J. Cole on the spot Yea, anyway can turn me up? Yea, yea, yea Hey, yea, there's no way to turn me up? If not it's all good Yea, hey hey hey I bet they never seen him coming, like a blind bitch you fucking from behind It's the mother fucking dime, bitch I'm fucking up rewind buttons My shit is jumping like the prom Fayettenam on my back like some scratches from your lady On your mattress where they gave me that I bet niggas can't wait to pay me back While they relax, I stay in tip top shape And I stay up on my toes like some gym socks Flip, flops Tell them hater to rehab, kick rocks Game tight like Ziploc Hlaf black other half white like Kid Rock Try to tell it to a Cizz-op Thought it would work, it did not He told me "Nigga stizz-op You know you is not", wrote the ticket and rizz-ocked Fuck, this is for hip hop gassed up like a quick stop They light a fire under my ass nigga my shit hot, Even if you squatted under volcanoes niggas your shit not I'm raw but I kid not Your shit flop, I give props to the legends Praise God but I give not to the Reveren's Looking up to the heavens like, "Where did all my blessings go?" You chasing dreams but then you stop, guess you'll never know I got a show for you to watch heres an episode Professional, set to blow any minute now Many women smile, look the lights and the action And the cameras be calling You niggas got to log in, bitch you fantasy balling I snuck up like I planned to be This ain't randomly recorded Like once they get a hit of this, they hooked like that twitter shit Thought I get a deal then head straight to the dealership But looking at my deal I probably can't afford benifitis Medical, dental shit Left but I always came back like a rent a whip Dirty ass game, dog I can run a kennel with All these bitch niggas who don't lift a finger yet they wanna ride in the limo with Me I switch the tempo on them sort of like Timbo on em' Start talking that "we" shit, I pause Nintendo on them Start talking that beef shit, I turn the Kimbo on em' I got no words for these niggas I'm instrumental on em' Yea! And I'll still keep going, keep flowing The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Warm Up (Mixtape) Song: Heartache Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] Yeah yeah yeah Elite Elite Elite... Elite Ya know [Verse 1] Yeah, yeah Slim nigga, lyrically on my limbs Bigga then a nigga hittin' the gym Regular benchpressin' the bar, Ten steps up from ya'll, you could follow my lead, If you shoot for the stars, I guess you aimin' at me But please hold your applause Ya'll holdin' up the wall goddammit I'm on the flo' Good Lord, can't you see me gettin' down on a ho And she drop it so low she sittin down on the flo' I never pound with the flo, at times I wonder Aye when they listen to my shit man can they hear my hunger? Or will these hatin' ass rappers try to steal my thunder Aye this is big shit poppin', you gon' need a plunger To take me under, niggaz in trouble You lookin' at Lebron James of the game I could do anything that you name I could blaze any rapper in the game that you bring Pour gasoline on the brain, got the flame for that So you hatin' niggaz refrain from that A little bitter cause yo game is whack I'll let Elite breathe, yeah I'll let Elite breathe, yeah Aye you ain't gotta cry, don't worry 'bout me I know it won't be long 'fore you know about me My head's to the sky and I'm on my grind I'm reachin' for the clouds, tryna take what's mine Take what's mine Hey, hey [Verse 2] A dolla and a dream, that's all a nigga got So, if it's 'bout that C.R.E.A.M, then I'm all up in the spot I'm just warmin' up, I'm hot but naw I ain't flashin' I never gave a fuck about no high-end fashion And maybe I was too broke, maybe I'm just too dope To rap about that regular shit, or bag a regular bitch These niggaz talkin' like they on the next level and shit But Cole's flow so cold, Bet the devil get sick How do you want it? So sick I make you mentally vomit These rappers askin' for beats and they ain't even fit to be on it I see 'em writin' about rappers, I should be sick to my stomach Because they talk 'bout the future but didn't mention me on it So now I'm back in the kitchen, cookin' I'm meant to be one of the greatest No niggaz seein' me, this century us and you hate it Look how I played it, other niggaz was jaded Under-appreciated, now Carolina is rated I let Elite breathe, yeah Hey, uh uh uh I let Elite breathe, yeah Aye you ain't gotta cry, don't worry 'bout me I know it won't be long 'fore you know about me My head's to the sky and I'm on my grind I'm reachin' for the clouds, tryna take what's mine Take what's mine Hey, hey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Warm Up (Mixtape) Song: Get Away Typed by: AZ Lyrics LA, NC, NY, the Chi Yea - hey Yea I wake up, hop out the shower Spray cologne on while I'm dressin They hollin bout recessions, so my niggaz out here stressin But bitch I'm live and breathin, so to me that there's a blessin See life is like a test that I ain't never got no F in Steppin out today, I gotta leave the crib Mama stressin out, I pray That ain't nobody gone put a weapon out this way Cause I don't got no strap And ever since we hit Depression niggaz don't know how to act In fact, there go some niggaz there Hatin I feel the stare Me vs. you shining, that's like a diamond and silverware Let ya'll feel the glare I gotta go now I'm riding through the city with the windows rolled down Shawty hollin, so I pull up beside her I'm frontin what's your name? She told me boy you know me, don't play no games Now look they say you blowin up, hey is it true fired up? I say girl they wasn't kiddin like they tubes tied up I'm hollin hey Good god what a day I gotta say it feels good to get away Where ain't nobody stressin over shit they gotta pay And tell me whats work without play All my niggaz hollin hey Good god what a day Hey babygirl, tell me, can you get away Where ain't nobody hollin bout the problems of the world Its just me and my favorite girl Now all around they holla Okay so word been spreadin,that I done jetted to New York I was up there doin my thang So now some folks I used to know is hollin out J. Cole! I gotta chuckle cause I know they use to say Jermaine So who changed? What's in a name though, when niggaz can't hang on your shoe strings The flow insane plus I got that flame throw, that Lou Cain Even in the winter, we bring, feelings of summer, Suzanne We get them hooks like T-Pain and scoop them hoes like loose change Can you blame me? I'm just a boy straight out the Ville These wanksta ass niggaz gettin played out forreal You actin like you trill nigga you betta not You talkin out yo' ass you finna get your head rocked This is where they shoot em sideways Boys gettin blazed Can't afford to fly so we get high to get away Now come here ladies, see we tryna get ya'll loose, pour it up Take this juice we gone mix it with this Goose, don't throw it up I'm hollin hey Good god what a day I gotta say it feels good to get away Where ain't nobody stressin over shit they gotta pay And tell me whats work without play All my niggaz hollin hey Good god what a day Hey babygirl, tell me, can you get away Where ain't nobody hollin bout the problems of the world Its just me and my favorite girl Now all around they holla Yea - hey - yea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Warm Up (Mixtape) Song: Knock Knock Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yea, we fresh off-mutherfuckin South Beach Yea, huh Sometimes play the villan, sometimes play the hero Sometimes I be dealer sometimes I be primo Sometimes I be feeling, I got a big ego Other times a nigga swim a round like Nemo Uh, small fish in a big ass pond pushed around like a mower on a big ass lawn I get my weight up, Inflat up and make these old niggas open the gate up at the mansions that they laid up in Like, "Hello my name is Cole" I'm walking right up in and well known Don't give a fuck it you gon hate it man, hey fellow Either you follow me or swallow me bitch And I done hit to many hoes to ever pause that shit Now since I just seen my face up in the XXL A few chicks want to text let's chill-how obvious Girls from all over the world is my hobby and I got a chic who stay in DC like a lobbyist My old chick from Rawley that I still like to parley with Just to hear that accent, now come and get that back bent The moans turn to screams I can feel her climaxing Now if you faking that baby you need to try acting Hollywood shit, Had a nigga feeling like the milkman deliver that due to body good dick Feeling like I got game that Karate could'ntkick, Therefore I'm bagging things that you probably wouldn't get, what up! I'm a talk until you tell me shut up Huh, and we can walk the beach until the sun up Huh, I ain't gon lie I'm trynna get some cut up! Ay, so what up! Hey You heard that huh? Oh you ain't heard of me well I prefer that! Uh, I text my number to you did you get that? Huh, well when you lonely baby you can hit back And I I'll fix that Tell me is you with that, hey, ay tell me is you with that Ay tell em is you with that Yea, ay baby is you with that! Yea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Lee Fields & The Expressions Album: The Warm Up (Mixtape) Song: Ladies Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] Yea, ay, look When she talk she so closed minded all she want to do is shop she so clothes minded Wanna cop the latest before them other hoes find it Material girl yet somehow I don't mind it Probably cause she so fine it will blow your mind she black and Pocahontas Laid back and blow that grind Ass so fat wanna tat my logo on it so any other nigga that a tap, will know it's mine I put in work overtime, let me cut mow the lawn Guarantee I blow your mind She try to play me til she learned I wrote a rhyme That's that nigga from the Ville that I heard that Hova signed The rap form Lebron, "Oh girl that boy the bomb! No chain around his neck but better watch out for the charm Your not my daughter um, but you can be my baby Summertime, wintertime, anytime we looking for them ladies Ay with your fat ass booty and your curly ass weave! Yea, I ain't tricking but I got a couple tricks under my sleeves Yea now clap your hands one time if you know you look good Yea if your from the suburbs of the hood [Verse 2] Yea, she said I got a man Well baby I don't give a fuck See me I understand, and I ain't trynna spilt you up! Okay give me your number And later I'm a hit you up If you sleep I get you up Ride over and pick you up If it's clean I'll lick you up! Yea do you research I'll rock that ass to sleep and have you sleeping in my tee shirt Just came home from getting my South Beach on You know I ran the streets like a dog without a leash on She tryna get her freak on come up on his ski jet You scared of that water of you just scared to get your weave wet Barely got your feet wet Guess I know where we headed Tryna see throw it back let's check your reflexes Good Lord, didn't know what I was in for! You can be my cuddy buddy - baby what are friends for I spend up the tempo them other niggaz lazy Can't fuck with nothing younger than the 80s I'm grown and I'm looking for some Ladies Ay with your fat ass booty and your curly ass weave! Yea, I ain't tricking but I got a couple tricks under my sleeves Ay now clap your hands one time if you know you look good Yea if your from the suburbs of the hood (Ladies, beautiful Ladies, ohh Ladies, all of you ladies) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Warm Up (Mixtape) Song: Til' Infinity Typed by: AZ Lyrics Uh, yea let me warm up man, let me warm up man! I got to warm up man! Yea, Elite what up! Yea Warm Up Yea, look niggaz wanna know the formula for success, sheeitt, but I studied for this test Ay nigga I'm better than the rest you just rest boy please Me I'm trynna stretch my treasurer chest like some double D breast So a nigga on a quest no question, so I tell em birds no nesting Laying in my bed I hope to lay a niggaz egg, No- you'll never hatch mines Baby, you don't match mines I'm trynna shine like the bat sign when it's crime and the gats flyin up in Gotham Watch em Far from a thug but I'll drop one Far from a scrub but I'll mop them Watch em better leave em alone like Stockton when he retired Shit your shit is fire boy stop I don't buy, boy caught, stop laying Ya shit is not hot man if niggaz not buying It's not rocket science But the way I rock it help me build up my alliance These niggaz ain't playing in New York like the Giants-ha! A little line to show love to the city that got no love Don't want to see a nigga grow rather see a nigga hold-up That's cold blooded, well never to fail If you can make it here you can make if from heaven to hell I'm just a little nigga strait out the Ville Always been sick probably never get well And no time soon, step to a nigga get 4 times 2 Bet the way I spit it leave your mind blue with more rhymes due Nigga you tryning who? Sheeit, nigga you tryning me bitch I'm better than all them niggaz you trynna be Shit, nigga you trying me? Bitch I'm better than all them niggaz you trynna be Look, it's no time to chill I'm trynna get Mills There's not time to chill I'm trynna build Bitch there's no time to chill I'm trynna get Mills There's not time to chill I'm trynna build It's no time to chill I'm trynna get Mills There's not time to chill I'm trynna build Bitch it's no time to chill nigga! Yep The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Omen Album: The Warm Up (Mixtape) Song: The Badness Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yea, keep following me keep calling me Yea, yea, yea Ay, believe in God like the sun up in the sky! Science can tell us how how but they can't tell us why I seen a baby cry then seconds later she laughed, the beauty of life- The pain never lasts The rain always past, the sun don't always shine When it's gone I'm lonely, but when it's there I'm fine I hate the winter time because the nights come quicker The light make them whites think I'm a nice young nigga But at night they think twice and walk a little faster It's funny, 100 yrs ago I would of called Id a call this nigga masta How the tables turn but still the fire burning huh I feel the heat the world is a dryer turning, turning I'm looking for some higher learning, learning Girl you what I desire, yearning, yearning You cay I'm easily distracted I think the problem is I'm easily attracted by the darkside The temptation got me questioning where my heart lies I'm trynna separate myself like apartheid But ay the liquor keep swallowing I swear I walk with God but the devil keep following I say the devil keep following, following I say the devil keep following, following I say the devil keep following, following Omen Feel like I'm riding on a chartered plane of broken hearted pain Turbulence is constant my pilot has gone insane If I can find a parachute to parasail, maybe these parasites of paranoia won't prevail Character dope as hell, but where is my parallel sweetheart? Deep thoughts lost in my brain so I sleep hard- Nights with no progress Man I'm thinking like I'll probably find a Locness in the projects before I find this- Object of my love, this object of my heart Couture strings have strum in search of my counterpart Bound to start drinking or smoking, sinking this ocean Leaping through the badness hoping I'm reaching for closeness Feel like the devil keep following me Feel like the devil keep following me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Warm Up (Mixtape) Song: Hold It Down Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] If my heart stop pumping tomorrow don't feel no sorrow 'Cause life is hard mentally And everything is meant to be Sometimes I ask myself if I was gone who would remember me? It's hard to tell Oh well, sit back and sip this Hennessey Now lately it's been hard to tell my friends part from my enemies 'Cause plenty niggaz show me love but in their hearts they envy me Why? I'm just a nigga from around the way Told my mama I'd make it happen and I found a way Pour out some liquor for my niggaz at the crossroads And may the Lord give guidance to the lost souls I know that deep inside these niggaz know there's more to life Than macking hoes and stacking dough Man I'm sorta like a nigga who done seen greener grass So when they think they balling like the dream team My nigga I done seen meaner cash And I'm trying to get Follow me nigga I'm on the prowl Headed to the top You watching me nigga? Then hold it down Hold it down If you need to holla at me don't hesitate to call It ain't a problem I can be there I ride for Lie for you I know you'd do the same I would die for you So hold me down When the times is hard I'll be around So hold it down And it don't matter how far I'll be around (I hold it down) [Verse 2] You was my nigga from the younger days We grew up I went to school, you went the other way But still my brother man I'm sitting reminiscing on All of them bitches we was tripping over, kissing on Or at the skating rink We trying to bag some new hoes And if I needed gear you'd let me hold your new clothes And vice-a-versa man But now that life is worser man A nigga slow caking I'm broke trying to chase a dream You just got probation And I'm stressed Your little sister pregnant What's next? Oh shit, my mama doing drugs At times it's hard to feel blessed In this madness I holla at my nigga in the sadness Remember when your mama tried to beat you with that bat? Shit, remember your chick Nina? Man that ass was the fattest Remember my crush on Sabrina? Yo she's still the baddest I'm just glad that I can holla at you It's been a while Until the next time I hear from you Aye, hold it down Hold it down If you need to holla at me don't hesitate to call It ain't a problem I can be there I ride for Lie for you I know you'd do the same I would die for you So hold it down When the times is hard I'll be around So hold me down And it don't matter how far I'll be around (I hold it down) [Verse 3] These is tough times baby But we'll make it through You know I'm headed for the top I swear I'm taking you Just hold a nigga down through this bad weather The rain falling Ain't balling but I have better A woman with an ass and a strong mind It's been a long time Sometimes you on your bullshit Sometime I'm on mine Will I have a hard time to stay committed? Or do I only want your voice moaning when I hit it? Man only God knows I know deep in your heart you don't want me to be no star though There's groupies after every show You scared I'm fucking every hoe And girl I ain't 'gon lie and say I won't 'Cause shit you never know But may the Lord give me strength I love you more than anything The future mother of my kids The love is real And if we ever part, God forbid I love you still So when I'm on the road don't trip You know I'm down for you Keep it tight and don't slip And hold it down for me Hold it down If you need to holla at me don't hesitate to call It ain't a problem I can be there I ride for Lie for you I know you'd do the same I would die for you And hold me down When the times is hard I'll be around So hold me down And it don't matter how far I'll be around (I hold it down) [x3] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Warm Up (Mixtape) Song: Last Call Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] Yea, warm up! La-la-la-laaaa, la lala la lalaaaa [Verse 1] Yea, ay yea Fayettenam Now I am, hey and they ask and they ask and they ask and I tell them, it's the Fayettenam hey Hey and your glasses and your glasses and your glasses To the sky is, yea this is the last call for alcohol This is the Warm Up Yea, look now to the few niggaz out there who heard my last shit Which if I must say so myself that was a classic I never been the type to ride my own coat tail But it's obvious I'm here to stay, a fucking hotel I came up, I warmed up! The next up, I blow up! If you ain't peep the trend by now with each rap I go up Look all he wanted was a deal so when he got it he just faded But tell me what's a deal when you want to be the greatest? So Jay I appreciate it, hell of a stepping stone Wonder if he see it in my eyes I'm trying to get the throne Wonder if the people know how many nights I spent alone Making beats writing rhymes, thinking deep fighting time I'm getting better but wasn't getting younger And all that time can make the most confident nigga wonder But never doubt it or allowed that shit to phase me yo Just switch my thoughts up like the stations on the radio nigga now I am Now I am, hey and they ask and they ask and they ask and I tell them, it's the Fayettenam hey Hey and your glasses and your glasses and your glasses This is the last call for alcohol This is the warm up! So get cha back up off the wall [Verse 2] Yea, now may I never slip up or let my grip up I know my girl be praying Lord just keep his pants zipped up! - Now if some groupie bitch is on his dick then make it's stiff up, at least give the nigga commonsense to wrap his dick up Toast the spliff up, our glasses then sip up, We fly past they look up They don't last we give up They don't blast we clip up then empty And indeed we hit the target yea these niggaz think they the shit and they ain't even farted yet Style incomplete like a garbage ass quarterback My office is forreal ah fuck sack, niggaz getting coffin in the Ville Way too often and it feels wrong New York Niggaz fuck with me I got em singing Ville songs I guess it's only right cause we grew up singing they shit Big shit, Mase shit, Nas shit, Jay shit Times for a Carolina nigga to take his place with the greats A slim nigga making bold statement Ay J. Cole how you do that there? I hear you blowing up my nigga I'm like, true that yea, In NY but smile everytime I flew back there That Carolina, Fayettenam oh yea my crew back there I go home been so long they saying, you back here? - Took a turn for the worst boy don't move back here Don't do that! You who that? He rep the Ville when he spit it told you he be back with a record deal and he did it Nigga, fuck spinning on my pivot homie, I'm finna travel to the reps blow the whistle on me I got a whole fuckig city that's just sitting on me But yea it fits on my back, my state is sitting on that Will I drop? I think not I get up while they stop-like a sleeve on tank tops They ain't give it all they got so they flop So hey watch, how I'm finna take their spot Now I'm starring and they not-let me show you how to stay hot I play not man I'm killing em even your idols feeling em dog The same nigga who used to chill in the mall While they were still in the mall, I was up there spilling my rap The hero fighting them just to put the Ville on the map Now I am Now I am, hey and they ask and they ask and they ask and I tell them, Mr. Fayettenam hey Hey and raise your glasses and your glasses and your glasses to the sky and... This is the last call for alcohol The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Warm Up (Mixtape) Song: Losing My Balance Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yea huh Yea one, two, one, two, one, two One, two, one two uh-huh Yea, uh Yea uh Miss high profile caught you shopping on Canal I guess it makes sense, it seems phony as your style Your hair and your nails just as phony as your smile Fake eyelashes, you drew your eyebrows It make a brother ask, do you pride yourself? Your make up like a mask, tryna hide yourself It seems on the outside you thinking you the shit But there's a soul that's inside that you don't even knew exist So you so out of touch that the world mistreat you Rich niggaz fuck you and broke niggaz beat you Hoping this will reach you when you understand That your value ain't determined by another man Cause right now you let them brothers get the upper hand And you just tell them go deep like Cunningham And you just let them OD like Len Bias And that pussy so good he let his friends try it Losing your balance, yea uh Losing your balance, yea uh Losing your balance Girl you losing your balance uh, yea Don't slip don't fall Just a get a grip my nigga hold on Don't lose your balance Don't lose your balance I look around at my city this is SinVille That boy 11 years old and can inhale Sometimes I ride around wondering if we in hell Or why the cops love to throw a nigga in jail I'm bout to lose it I just had another friend killed Over some bullshit this cycle's like a windmill I had a convo with my soul I asked it "When will, this shit change? " It said boy "Just use them pen skills"- And so I write this for my niggaz on the corner Love you cause you my brother so I feel I got to warn ya This shit ain't set up for a young brother to advance On that note, you niggaz playing right into their hands Damn, better get yourself some goals, you niggaz better dream I know the hood raised you but there's bigger better things And for those that passed I need a moment of silence Sssssshhhhh Yea and don't be losing your balance Don't be losing your balance Don't be losing your balance My nigga don't be losing your balance Uh yea so don't slip, don't fall Just a get a grip my nigga hold on Don't lose your balance, uh Don't lose your balance I got a thing for this little mama She do it to me plus her brain is forreal I'm a... sucka for love I guess Won't catch her up in the club cause she ain't into that Kind of chick that rather rent a flick and get intimate Say she never fuck with thug niggaz only gentlemen And yea that ass is fat but what's better is her intellect Other men ah sweat her when we walk past Can't even blame em' I did the same when I saw that ass Matched with the thin waist, brown with a slim face Love the conversation and the kicks was like a sensei Now she got me chillin' with her all around the clock My homiess beefin' cause I never come around a lot Keep on telling me I changed and things ain't the same And ever since she came around I never want to hang They tell me that it's foul how a chick will make me switch But man I can't help it dog her mind got me whipped I think I'm losing my balance I think I'm losing my balance yea She got me losing my balance, uh She got me losing my balance But I won't slip I won't fall Just a get a grip and hold on Losing my balance Losing my balance The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Friday Night Lights (Mixtape) Song: Too Deep For the Intro Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yeah Hey Yeah Partially functional, half of me is comfortable The other half is close to the cliff like Mrs. Huxtable These boys got them hoslters and clips they packed like lunchables Like white boys in grade school While we ate school made food just Eyeing they shit, wish I was trying they shit Knowing when mama hit the store she wasn't buying that shit No I ain't crying a bit man That's just life that's just how shit work You reach your hand in fire, you pull it back when you get burnt Gotta learn when you get hurt Even if it's with cupid He beat you and you went back Who's officially stupid Oh yeah I understand that's your man You had a plan You been together for some years You sticking with him for the kids So you overlook the tears but we both know that's a bad look Cause 20 years from now your daughter probably get her ass whooped If this too deep for the intro I'll find another use But just in case it's perfect let me introduce Cole, cole, cole If this too deep for the intro I'll find another use But just in case it's perfect let me introduce It's Cole, I had a dream and so I made a move A Ill ass nigga who just so happened to stay in school Still rap for hustlers and motherfuckers that hated school Said that's for busters that heard my shit and I made it cool This ain't to say that I'm gifted as if I'm Christmas shopping I got gangsta niggaz lining up in that missions office And possibly cause all the hoe niggaz scrape A lot of shit up on my plate so you know a nigga late to my first class I'd much rather sit up in first class Should I admit that a slutty bitch was my first smash Was it experience so nah I didn't wear it out Always thought my first time would be with someone I cared about But being a virgin was something to be embarrassed bout I used her ass for practice so I wasn't scared out my mind You call it rhymes I call it clearing out my mind Was just a young boy staring out my blinds Till I got free from my momma leash Running loose through the streets Like a stray dog in heat And we looking for some freaks can you play Pardon me, what's your name, don't mistake me for no lame No not me She knew I was on the team cause she seen how tall I be In the club dappin' niggaz, eventually R-I-P Damn, you win some, you lose some That just how it's happens And if a nigga step up to ya, then you gotta scrap em Your name is all you got, throwing hands by the bathroom It's funny I barely told nobody I started rapping Cause see some niggaz was haters that I viewed as clowns At 14 I knew I was the nicest dude around I gotta make a move, I gotta do this now If they don't know your dreams, than they can't shoot em down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Friday Night Lights (Mixtape) Song: Before I'm Gone Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: J. Cole] I hit the weed I told myself the last time would be my last I don't trust my own niggaz now my mind racing fast Got my foot up on the gas, got a hundred on the dash If the police run up on me I ain't stopping for their ass Boy you know my L's dirty if they stop me I'm goin to jail surely I'll be next to my brother in the cell no bail for me Man let me out send me back to bitches that smell Purdy (pretty) And all I gotta do is call once and she'll be all ready Yeah buddy can't you tell I'm goin thru hell I don't even open my mail I'm in the shower with soap on the towel I need cleansing Bad bitches all on the prowl they need Benzes Pussy niggaz running they mouth but we ain't flinching They names ain't even mentioned I got dreams bigger then your whole team You niggaz so broke but yet somehow you seem so green I guess it's envy, started with a penny now I'm getting plenty money One time for the city, yea Two times for you Hey And one time for the city, hey Two times for you Hey [Verse 2: J. Cole] Look kid, it's raining outside boy Fuck an umbrella, niggaz banging outside boy They guns dumb bell a nigga Tired of telling niggaz that's a cease rest in peace We tired of only having just a peace And fuck policing, they killing niggaz what's the reason His daughter starving and she fucking freezing So no wonder why he fucking squeezing They out here bussin' leavin' niggaz stuck in bleedin' on the flo' Bullets wet you like a semen on a hoe Breathing slow man I inhale One day you tryna make rent, next day you in jail Lord knows he meant well So I take the pencil and write like a pen pal Some shit that's darker than the tints up on the windshield Welcome to sinville where niggaz on base Shit is looking like an infield High as a Sprint bill What you think, that's the reason why this ink in my pen kills Phoney niggaz until they are extinct, bitch I've been real One time for the city, yea Two times for you Hey And one time for the city, hey Two times for you Hey [Verse 3] The more niggaz sayin' Cole the wrong one bringin' the city shine All he ever doin' is paintin' pictures of crime Tellin' stories of pain, paintin' pictures of dope Bitch if you listen I'm paintin' pictures of hope That boy in class embarrassed because he broke Hopin' the day he won't be the butt of somebody's jokes See me; I lived it all from dirt-poorin' and trailer Worried about my mother and never trustin' my neighbors To middle-class with a backyard and my own room To bein' the only black kid in my homeroom Academically gifted and followed my own rules Was runnin' the streets hey ma I'll be home soon Was out chasin' ho's, was out hoopin' Them niggaz wasn't ballin' but yet they was foul shootin' So meet the newest role model who don't know how to fake this shit Never sold a rock and look I made it bitch One time for the city, yea Two times for you Hey And one time for the city, hey And two times for you Hey [Outro] Girl it's been so long, I've been gone from you But you ain't gotta worry 'bout the thangs I do It's hard but the thought of you would ease my pain Girl I promise they gon' know our name Ain't seen you smile in awhile But I been dreamin' 'bout you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Friday Night Lights (Mixtape) Song: Back to the Topic Typed by: AZ Lyrics Carolina blue kicks, pedal to the metal Feeling like a puppet and the Devil is Geppetto Letter to the ghetto, hold your head high You can pick apart my raps, I ain't told ya na' lie I want a little dark, I like to fuck a tan line Go on, look for a better nigga: girl you can't find Fine young man with an old man mind No time for the tickle, fuck the whole mankind "Aw, no ma'am" I'm an old land mine I been waiting to blow up for a long damn time Now I'm armed and I'm Fayetnam's finest Carolina's savior, marijuana blazer Only on occasion cause my mind be racin' Lost in my thoughts so my eyes be Asian Thinking how these rap niggaz gotta be fakin' Whole style obviously copied, pasted Plagiarized swag, may arrive last But when it's all said and done I'mma be ahead of them Way that I describe it, prescribe a nigga medicine What that I be fly I be higher than the Jet-a-sons Moving on up, nigga higher than the Jeffersons All about the Benjamins. Bad chicks? Send em in Basic hoes? Toss em out, can't even get Waffle House Hatin' niggaz? Chalk em out. Go on, get the coffin out What you talking about? Lil man My shit hair-burning, you not even a lil' tan I'm ill enough to kill cancer: baby, I'm chemo Down in Miami and I throw like Marino Get a whole lot of you-know and she bald like an Eagle No, not on top but down there She say she want to hop on top, "girl, I don't care" You better get yours fore I reach mine Cause then I'm throwing peace signs If you a freak, I can take you to your peak Girl I do it to the maximum: Nissan And I hope you a believer I'm quarterbacking, trying to get you open like receivers Far from an overnight achiever, Cole is like the leader Of the new niggaz, to tell the truth I'm only fucking with a few niggaz If that, the rest of you niggaz get lapped, I sit back And reflect on the rap game, I came From out of nowhere Nigga, I swear them lames ain't know how to prepare Got niggaz shouting out "The 'Ville, I gotta go there" Boy don't you know you get shot over there? I say my prayers cause this life ain't fair A bunch of backstabbing niggaz, hope the knife ain't there A bunch of temptation facing when your wife ain't there Yeah late at night, when I got the phone call and made her right But my crib was straight ahead, shorty gave me head Hit it then I quit it 'fore she even made the bed Damn I'm no good, but damn it's so good I'm picturing that body like a camera phone would Something like Rihanna while I'm up in that vagina Type of chick that only dress in something that's designer I could give a fuck as long as there's something that's behind of her Got the type of bump that make a dog wanna hump Back to the topic, actually forgot it Hoes, money, I'm the shit...oh yeah, I'm reminded The way I put the words together, cleverly align em These other rap niggaz should never be a problem And I'm ghost The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Wale Album: Friday Night Lights (Mixtape) Song: You Got It Typed by: AZ Lyrics [J. Cole - Chorus] Hey, one time Hey, one time One time Throw your hands to the sky tonight 'cause I think I see the baddest little thing in the world right now But I gotta make sure I'm right And girl you damn right, if your head right I'll be there every night I just might change your life 'cause baby... You got it (you got it) You got it (you got it) You got it (you got it) You got it (you got it) [J. Cole - Verse 1] Hey Cole World, real cold world I watch it hit the floor and watch it drop it real low girl Last time I seen you, you was a little old girl I had a crush now we grown and we still so thorough Clap for her, work it till you exhausted I swear nothing worse than a bad bitch that lost it Brains off the chain, smart mouth with a dumb ass God damn your ex man is a dumb ass When you was leaving, did he put up a fight? Was he stressin' you, wasn't fucking you right Well one man's trash is another man's treasure One man's pain is another man's pleasure One damn thing you can't change is the weather But even if it rain, we get rained on together It's whatever, you shine, I shine, I know you got a 9-5 I'll be your 5-9! [J. Cole - Chorus] [J. Cole - Verse 2] Yeah, go ahead and pop it like you do in the mirror I'm picking through the crowd tryna see a little clearer High heel wearer, hell of a body First one to spot you and I ain't telling nobody Nope, I'm peaking at your ass, winking at your ass If I don't beg I'll be thinking bout your ass For the whole week no time for cold feet She too bad to pass, so fine I don't speak I tell her my name Jermaine, I'm tryna be lowkey She tell me I go that flame, your rhymes are so deep Man, girl thank you, shit you so bad know your daddy wish he could still spank you Hold up for these other niggaz roll up and try and get you The ones that say they riders but never do ride with you I'm tryna vibe with you so wont you throw me your phone number And let them lames get you old number [J. Cole - Chorus] [Wale] Roc Nation, Wale Look, Cole World, still a cold world And a couple you is cool but we a little more thorough Whole town, a little more girls You know I spit that sick shit and there's still no cure Hold up, loud packs like I got cancer Choking on them white boys make a black panther Love my women with high heels and high standards And only cheat on my broad if I run out of answers I got that vicious flow, Moncler winter coat I ain't superstitious I make all these broads flip my pole You dig it, this shit ain't for beginners I'm something like a fetus, I'm not quite kidding And theres something you ain't seeing like I block your vision Like my Remy with no juice, you a lot like Bishop Hundred k in 22 hours See money talks, you motherfuckers is Boomhower No check back, in debt yep Loud in my J, I smoking Gallaudet Higher than I need to be Flyer 'cause I need to be Love our conversation but it's late right now, I need a beat One time for the Ville that Cole rep Another time for the city of slow death I don't understand why these niggaz so vexed I don't need no chains with no cross to know that I'm blessed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Friday Night Lights (Mixtape) Song: Villematic Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yeah Hey To the college kids no scholarships, starting your semester Unpacking your suitcases filling up your dresser Enjoy it while you got it, after that it's God bless ya Life is your professor, you know that bitch is gon test ya I got some shit I'd like to get off my chest I spill out my soul, I spit out my stress And can I spit out my stress? It's the feeling in the air you bout to drop a real classic He said Cole, "a lil birdy told me on the low you got an Illmatic" Nobody touching Nas nigga it's more like Villematic Uh, these fayettnam tales be paying off well What story is my audio theatre gon tell I know my debut will ship, but is it gon sell? I guess it's in God's hand's I make the type of pieces that make Jesus say God damn That's for your non-believers, I'm the truth only time will teach ya And fuck the haters probably never love they momma's neither Old bitter-ass sit around in middle class Homes with computers on hating on the newest song While you was browsing I was taking out them student loans Tryna to do this shit better than the niggaz we grew up on Name a fucking song I ain't threw up on Talk is cheap, it's like ya'll grew up in a Jewish home! Pardon the stereotype But ya'll giving me mixed feeling's like you married a white woman One minute I'm over-rated, next minute I'm the saviour You hate it before you played it, I already forgave ya For bullshitttin' and the nigga Cole spittin' that real Wrote this line on a plane got flown straight from the Ville To Miami, where the same time last year I was broker than you, I just wanna make that clear Cause now I'm dealing with money I've never seen before And RnB bitches want me, that was just dreams before Now do I give in to the temptation I'm facin' The thought of losing a good woman keep me from chasin' But I'm just a man, at time's the timing is wrong Plus my dick is like a man with a mind of it's own But I'm trying to be strong, remind myself she ain't about shit These hoes the same, all that change is the outfit Looking for chesse on some mouse shit Suck a nigga, fuck a nigga, than go run they mouth quick Rappers took a vacation I came over the house sit You want change, this that "between the seats in your couch" shit The fuck you thought, I lost it All that flame on my name would get exhausted Au contraire my nigga they all ears Sit back, enjoy the ride it's finna be a long year, yeah It's finna be a long year, yeah I know you feel that The tingle in your spine don't conceal that Don't conceal that This exactly what you thought Somebody bought the real back Hey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Omen Album: Friday Night Lights (Mixtape) Song: Enchanted Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: J. Cole] Yea, this is where the Yea, this is where the fathers ain't living At least not with us Might see em round the city and won't even say wassup When niggaz play tough, won't even smile in mirrors And we learn to fuck hoes off trial and error Just a small time nigga, big city hustle Glued to the TV, Jigga, Diddy, Russell These were our heroes, strictly for them zero's For that Robert Deniro, niggaz reload on them kilo's Dodgin them people Mad at myself cause I done seen some things that I'd rather not tell Shawty smole crack and her boyfriend too Sometimes he touch her daughter like them boyfriends do Pull up to the club where the boys went too See that yellow tape and the boys in blue A nigga on a strecther and though I never met ya I'm thinking God Bless ya, they city try and get ya Man, don't let the city get ya Fuck the horoscopes, know the ropes lke a wrestler If them bullets wet ya bet ya momma need a tissue Your face on the front of our shirts saying we miss ya (We miss ya) [Chorus: J. Cole] Come with me Run quick see, what do we have here Now, do you wanna ride or die La dadada, la la la la Come with me Run quick see, what do we have here Now, do you wanna ride or die La dadada, la la la la [Verse 2: Omen] Yea, let's see God I know you only do what's best for me But is it cool if we negotiate my destiny They always tellin' me it's temporary Than why it's feelling like a cemetary My dreams ain't got no obituaries My city hurting and none of us were equiped here You heard me say I was ballin' I probably make tears I'm trying to get clear I'm tryna quit fear Who wrote the scripts here These kids live there whole life just killing time Running the race with no finish line They tryna noose us with they ropes But I'm tryna climb I think my foolish pride might become my suicide But I ain't tryna go, no baby And through these lines and quotes you gotta find some hope Cause I ain't dying My words gon' last forever You can hold the treasure Look inside you can see a diamond in my mind I'm tired of seeing dope fiends, wiping they nose clean Is my neighbourhood just a smoke screen I think I'm in the Dungeon Fam, I see lo green Sons raised by bo queens but there's no kings (No kings, no kings) [Chorus: J. Cole] Come with me Run quick see, what do we have here Now, do you wanna ride or die La dadada, la la la la Come with me Run quick see, what do we have here Now, do you wanna ride or die La dadada, la la la la [Verse 3: J. Cole] It seems like niggaz either feel ya or they try and kill ya I face the sky and hope to God ain't acting unfamiliar You play whatever cards he deal no matter how peculiar They tell me that it's God's will, I'm asking God will ya Heal a nigga from all this pain, momma smoking cocaine as it rains out Am I to blame, try to stay sane so I came out-side Where they rock with them thangs out To clear my mind at the same time they blew that boys brains out But will it change, it's like niggaz is free but our minds still in the chains Brothers killing eachother, the blood spill it's a shame Will it ever slow up Alot of niggaz getting older but they never grow up And do they son's like they fathers did and never show up Don't even cry about it, just another episode of life Watch the season nigga no re-runs The devil buying soul's nigga no refunds Man, don't let the city get ya Fuck the horoscopes know the ropes like a wrestler If them bullets wet ya bet ya momma need a tissue Your face on the front of our shirts screaming we miss ya Another day, another song, a mother prays Another gone But still we play like ain't nothing wrong Like ain't nothing wrong Cause ain't nothing wrong I'm not as fast, I'm not as tall But before I pass I gotta ball I gotta ball I gotta ball Nigga I gotta ball The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Friday Night Lights (Mixtape) Song: Blow Up Typed by: AZ Lyrics Laaa la la laaaa La la laaaa [Chorus: J. Cole] Hey, this is a song for my haters Yeah, you got me feeling like the greatest yeah Hey, this is a song for my haters Hey hey, you got me feeling like the greatest yeah [Verse 1: J. Cole] Haa, bitch I'm about to blow up Uh huh, say what Bitch I'm about to blow up Hey I came up, I warmed up the next up Bitch I'm about to blow up Now don't it sound legendary Live enough to resurrect the dead and buried This for niggaz who ain't satisfied with secondary This for my sisters who ain't satisfied with secretary Uh, I'm blowing up and bitch I'm still me But what's the cost to live your dreams, do you feel me? Everything glittering ain't what you think it will be Funny how money chains and whips make me feel free I'm starring in this bitch and yeah I write the show Fuck the haters I'm headed to that place you like to go They say, "what you fighting for, the game is on life support" And Gary Coleman just passed, life is short Bitch I'm about to blow up, look I'm about to blow up Yeah got to the club early just to get in free and wait for hoes to show up Man, but now it's bottles at them tables, bring the models boy I'm about to po' up Uh huh, you know what, bitch I'm about to blow up Laaa la la laaaa (Left side left side hey) La la laaaa (Right side right side ah ha) Laaa la la laaaa (Left side left side hey) La la laaaa (Bitch I'm about to blow up) [Chorus: J. Cole] Hey, this is a song for my haters (Bitch I'm about to blow up) Yeah, you got me feeling like the greatest yeah (Ha, said I'm about to blow up) Hey, this is a song for my haters (Uh huh, look I'm about to blow up) Hey hey, you got me feeling like the greatest yeah Yeah, bitch I'm about to blow up [Verse 2: J. Cole] Momma said I should reconsider law school That means I wear a suit and bend the truth and feel awful Hell naw, got a degree but what that cost you You make a good salary just to pay Sally May That's real as ever Ducking bill collectors like Jehova's witness When they showed up at your door at Christmas Was broke as dishes tryna let it go Hit the club she drop it low, lower than my credit score Account overdraft what I got this debit for Summers dead it got me drinking thinking bitch I better blow I better blow These hoes ain't checking for no nigga with no vehicle You border like Mexico Hey baby girl what it look like And where ya head at, and what ya cook like She said where ya bread at, and what your whip like You ain't got one or the other than brother good night Bitch I'm about to blow up, look I'm about to blow up Yeah got to the club early just to get a friend, wait for hoes to show up But now it's bottles at the tables bring the models, boy I'm about to po' up Uh ha, you know what Bitch I'm about to blow up Laaa la la laaaa (Left side left side hey) La la laaaa (Right side right side ah ha) Laaa la la laaaa (Left side left side hey) La la laaaa (Bitch I'm about to blow up) [Chorus: J. Cole] Hey, this is a song for my haters (Bitch I'm about to blow up) Yeah, you got me feeling like the greatest yeah (Uh, said I'm about to blow up) Hey, this is a song for my haters (Yeah, bitch I'm about to blow up) Hey hey, you got me feeling like the greatest yeah Bitch I'm about to blow up! Praise God it's hard to stay spiritual How they got these niggaz on the TV selling miracles You mean to tell me everything gon be fine If I call your hotline and pay 29.99 shit Well damn, why ain't you say so Take this check and ask God to multiply all my pesos And erase my number out the phone of these fake hoes I saved her number just in case but now it's case closed To you niggaz biting my flows and my subject matter You'll never be me partner so it don't fucking matter You try to be and your career will see funerals And be you that's why it sounds, beautiful Then maybe you could blow up And maybe you could blow up Shit but you know what For now bitch I'm about to blow up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Friday Night Lights (Mixtape) Song: Higher Typed by: AZ Lyrics Come here, I'm 'bout to take you higher We about to set this bitch on fire Pour a lil' gas, spark up your lighter You might not be the one but you the one I desire Come here, I'm 'bout to take you higher We about to set this bitch on fire Pour a lil' gas, spark up your lighter You might not be the one.. Hey uh, what up girl tell me how you feelin'? You look sweet enough to make a nigga need a fillin' If you got a man, do that nigga need a fill in' She said, looks kill and I'm tryna make a... killin' God willin' I be chilling on a boat nigga Love is a gamble, I ain't dealin' with no broke nigga Down in Miami with a super whole team Tryna bag a brother with a Super Bowl ring Oh she, down in Dallas at the all-star game spittin' all-star game Tryna get a nigga with a all-star name Somethin' like James, somethin' like Wade If you something like K you can fuck tonight Yea she said, fuck some nice Jay's What about you're life savings? Won't spend her life slavin' So she graduated rich nigga wife train And if you got money; man the head is amazing Come here, I'm 'bout to take you higher We about to set this bitch on fire Pour a lil' gas, spark up your lighter You might not be the one but you the one I desire Come here, I'm 'bout to take you higher We about to set this bitch on fire Pour a lil' gas, spark up your lighter You might not be the one but you the one I desire What up girl, tell me how you been? Ain't seen ya since the 12th grade, even back then Thought you was a cutie though yer booty mad thin But you done got thick on a nigga- GOT DAMN Hey now I got a thang for you It's been a long time comin' I should hang with you Cause see way back I thought to fuck with you was impossible Count your baby daddy's, now 2 ain't impossible, uh You still got it though, yea you still got it though Girl your body lookin like a fuckin' pot of gold You got your mean lil' walk with the model pose You got your hair did, you got designer clothes You still got it though, yea you still got it though You got your nails did, damn girl you're on a roll Do you give brains? Did you make the honor roll? Don't worry bout your man baby he ain't gotta know Come here, I'm 'bout to take you higher We about to set this bitch on fire Pour a lil' gas, spark up your lighter You might not be the one but you the one I desire Come here, I'm 'bout to take you higher We about to set this bitch on fire Pour a lil' gas, spark up your lighter You might not be the one but you the one I desire I get so bored so fast that they won't last But girl you're special like I met ya in a slow class Cause yo ass got me feinin' for you so far My life is like a movie would you be my co star, like Halle Berry You're old nigga act like a bitch like Tyler Perry You caught him down in Memphis cheating like Kale Perry I see you like to stay up on your ESPN If your mind is on sex, you must got ESP then Had a crush on way back, I wasn't VIP then But I was plottin on you I really wished that I had got to know you Before we grew up & I blew up with these Benjamines That way I know for sure, you're love is really genuine Is you my homie go show me what kind of friend you is What if it's phony and only cause I could give you ends Too late for turnin' back fuck it we continuing Get your ass in that position I love to bend you in Come here, I'm 'bout to take you higher We about to set this bitch on fire Pour a lil' gas, spark up your lighter You might not be the one but you the one I desire Come here, I'm 'bout to take you higher We about to set this bitch on fire Pour a lil' gas, spark up your lighter You might not be the one but you the one I desire The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Friday Night Lights (Mixtape) Song: 2face Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] Hey I got a dolla in a dream But it's all a nigga got so it's about that green And I'm all up in that spot Hey [Verse 1] Yeah the mental state of a young black genius conflicted The fast life I done seen on the screen is addictive Money and clothes I done dreamed about And all the hoes that I thinked about Ey tell me am I wrong for visualizing material shit I neva had Waving gats instead of flags the American dream Why do we cling to the villians? Knowing they killin' My niggaz high enough to swaing from the ceiling Ink from the pen spilling on my notebook Filled with dreams, this is my whole book Still the screams from girls shot and killed fill my head on a daily At times I question God can you blame me they can't tame me? My voice screech through the street I'm a beast on em Oh no he will not fold you will not see a priest on him He will not slip or lose his grip they got them cleats on em But never will he run unless you call police on em One time, two times, three times Sometimes I scrap sometimes I'm throwin up the peace sign It's two sides to a nigga though I said It's two sides to a nigga yo Ey look sometimes I'm feeling high Then I'm feeling low Lord will I die will I survive let a nigga know You say you know me but what side did you get to know? It's two sides to a nigga yo yo yo [Verse 2] Yeah some pussy niggaz put out on me and my mans Wasn't for the pistol we drop em right there where he stands But still we never ran foolish pride made us stand right there Not understanding we could lose our life there And then the hit us, thinking bout the close calls from long distance Ugh as lil niggaz in the Ville we was trippin Type of nose ass niggaz to watching the fight until it's over They ran when the gatts came out, I moved closer Foolish what was I thinking? wasn't trying to be cool it's Just the thrill of the danger get so filled up with anger When a stranger get to violating He sleeping on me wide awake, bitch I, ll annihilate him I'm tired of wait on my ticket out this motherfucka Hope they don't kill me before I get up out this motherfucka I gotta go Now can I be that nigga I thought I was? I gotta know Will I make it like I thought I would? I gotta blow [Verse 3] Yeah I seen heaven, seen hell The two faces of the Ville One side dreams, the other sides real One side schemes, the other side deals What the pain brings another mother cry still Why the fuck am I here God? That nigga died why the fuck am I still alive? I feel ashamed cause the good Lord done brought all this success to me And all I seem to focus on is all this stress on me Bless homie we breathin Cold world got me sneezing Wrote this when I was broke so hey I guess we even Though it blows fighting demons trying to stop from bustin semen In an unfamiliar bitch I know my niggaz feel this shit How could I fuck her raw? And I just met the hoe My dick took over it ain't never felt this wet before I'm stressing in my mind but it's way to late to stop it Make this shit so bad, I had a condom in my pocket Let's change the topic Before I go berserk I'm so alert, riding down 95 Naw I ain't finna to go to work I'm headed back home ain't staying that long I'm chasing dreams shawty I'm paying back loans I'm paying dues that a nigga paying tax on I'm tryina blow like a nigga playing saxophone I'm playing daddy to another niggaz daughter Don't worry even Jesus never saw his real father I don't bother me at all though Yeah say it don't bother me They got me thinking bout my mom though Man I can't wait to sing this song I be like, I be like [Outro] Hey don't cry hey ohh no We ain't gotta worry bout the money no more We ain't gotta worry bout how them bill get paid We ain't gotta worry how the meals get fed Hey don't cry hey ohh no We ain't gotta worry bout the money no more We ain't gotta worry bout how them bill get paid We ain't gotta worry how the meals get fed Hey Hey Hey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Friday Night Lights (Mixtape) Song: The Autograph Typed by: AZ Lyrics They say anythings possible You gotta dream like you never seen obstacles Chasing obscene profits so we ain't stopping for the red lights Look in my rear view all I see is niggaz headlights Catch me if you can hoe They try and sack me and I scramble Look up in the sky you'll see exactly where I am bo Hey, don't you see me man? Making my wishes come true with no genie man I got the keys to my beamer with no Beanie Man I'm on these rich niggaz ass no bikini man I bring the real to the day the Lord free me man Never imagined that the kids would wanna be me man Eh, could it be that I give the hopeless broke kids, hope Caught me walking through the mall, looking like he seen a ghost Silly head to approach, whats up young blood Aint it strange, a year ago today I was counting change Yeah hopping trains up in New York city Though I gotta thank God cause if you weren't with me Than I surely woulda died You can throw the fork in me This my New Years resolution, dawg No more Pork in me Uh, I aint no Muslim though Kuran butler I'm a wizard if he doesnt know Its young Simba, I'm ballin' til the buzzard blow You try and kick the shit I kick you gon stub your toe Boy thats just how tough I go See this is my life work This shit you callin classic, I be like that mic work Want you to feel something new, thats how a dike work And ask me bout pressure, they wanna see my pipe burst Not tonight nigga Not tonight nigga Yeah, hey Hey, man, hey Man, I rap so vicious but I talk so politely Never met a baby momma, momma who don't like me Met a couple baby fathers though they wanna fight me I hit her til she snooze, like the news nigga nightly Send her back to you when she no longer excites me No she bitter with this nigga Cause he aint quite me One things for certain baby, you are a wifey Two things for fucking sure I am not the husband thoguh So run back to him while you still can He sticking with his wife and kid, yeah thats a real man I was ashamed all along and I still am We let the lust interupt something real, damn Girl we grown so you gotta play your own position I wouldn't say that you a hoe, just made a hoe decision Eh, you can blame it on the liquor like a prohibitions We both know thats what you wanted girl I know you listening Hey Girl I know you listening Uh I know you listening Hey, yeah Shout out to the bootleggers who supply my shit The fans online trying to find my shit And to theniggaz listening but wont buy my shit And catch me in the street wanna ride my dick Y'all niggaz is the worst, see me like "J. Cole homie, can you sign my burnt CD" Nigga please, an album ten dollars You act like it's ten g's This food for thought cost the same as 2 numbers three's So at ease with that broke shit We all tryna get a dollar boy, no shit You know I feel ya pain, thats why I slang this hope shit And give you lines that you rewind and think oh shit These rappers talk a lot of money, cars and hoes shit I give you that and a whole lot more shit Than got richer and still rapping like I'm poor shit You niggaz thinnk you know shit, nigga you don't know shit Hoe bitch!!! Yeah, Cole Bitch!!! J Cole nigga Hey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Friday Night Lights (Mixtape) Song: Best Friend Typed by: AZ Lyrics I see your homegirl tryna sway you How you figure I would play you Would you look at that The same one that caught her nigga with some freak All in her sheets left for a week What she do, double back Now I know we far from perfect But I feel like this is perfect, do you disagree with that If not than holla back Hey and tell ya girl you'll call her back My best friend say, she sick of me, crying on the phone Telling how man dogging me My best friend say, dont tell her nothing bout me Cause she aint showing me no sympathy My best say, if she was me, she woulda let ya go Home a long time ago My best friend say My best friend say I'll be there, I'll still be there for you Anytime we meet You can lean on me Come on, come on I'll be there for you I'll be there for you Anytime we meet You can lean on me Come on, come on I'll be there for you Now, now, now, know we be arguing But aint you riding with me We breaking up we making up Like Dwayne Wade, and Whitney You throw things, you broke things Use both hands and hit me And right when you call the law I'll tell my boy to come get me Then you, than you start listening To friends, and then it, gets tricky They try to tell you leave, but this love is real sticky So you ignore the hickys, the pics of chicks and they vicky's That they sent me, is that real love You're the only one that I will love Damn, damn My Best friends say I could stay with her At her house, no doubt anytime I like My best friends say Don't let you in my life, cause you don't do for me And you don't act right My best friends say If she was me, she'll let you go along time ago My best friends say, my best friends say I'll still be there for you Anytime we meet You can lean on me Come on, come on I'll be there for you I'll be there for you Anytime we meet You can lean on me Come on, come on I'll be there for you Girl I can see it in your eyes How you feeling , let me know whats on your mind We've been together for a long long time Hey, girl I can see it in your eyes I know to you it feel like I'm never around Round, round, round But if you leave, who else gon hold me down Hey, hey, hey, hey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Friday Night Lights (Mixtape) Song: Cost Me a Lot Typed by: AZ Lyrics What can I? It's cost me a lot It's cost me a lot It's cost me a lot It's cost me a lot It's cost me a lot It's cost me a lot [Verse 1: J Cole] Just one of them days A nigga feel like flossin' A Stone Cold Stunna, victim Steve Austin Cool as Drew Breeze, I'm blowing a few G's Just to hear them hoes say he's awesome He's awful, yeah remember when ya fronted on me Pulled up beisde me in that big body and stunted on me Or when the bouncer just announced that it was bottle service only Then he kicked me out the line, yeah he punted on me Well look I'm back bitch, back with an attitude Buying out the bar, cause I feel like this the shit I gotta prove Last year the cashier told me my card was not approved Now I'm tipping the server a hundred to show my gratitude Easy, told you I'd be back baby, I guess you ain't believe me Now I'm living just like the niggaz you see on TV VIP feeling like this club oughta thank me I hit the bar just so y'all can see I'm ballin', HD (It's cost me a lot) Big chains, big whips with wood grain (It's cost me a lot) My God, my watch make momma think someone might rob (It's cost me a lot) Fast life and till the gas light Copped the type of shit you couldn't get at half price (It's cost me a lot) Look but don't touch motherfucker, think twice (It's cost me a lot) Now I don't love no material things But I'm in love with the feelings they bring I got em like damn (how, how, how he do that) Damn (how, how, how, how he do that) Now I don't love no material things But I'm in love with the feelings they bring I got em like damn (how, how, how he do that) Damn (how, how, how, how he do that) [Verse 2: J Cole] Uh, knee deep in the game, my chain heavy Somebody get the pilot and ask "is the plane ready?" To handle all the weight on my shoulders we taking off Don't wanna meet Aaliyah but yet I can't take it off Cause how I'm supposed to shine without the proper bling Remember when I did a show with Waka Flocka Flame Felt naked cause the boy rocked about a thousand chains Guess we rock a lot of ice cause we got a lot of pain That's 5 hundred years of selling, I'm tryna tell em Jacob the Jeweller is cooler now he a felon Jay put a stamp on the nigga but wouldn't nail him If he could'ntsell him, so what that tell him huh? My chain heavy and my bitches look very thorough Must be the money like dealing with the Jerry curl White Range, call that Motherfucker Larry Bird I got em hanging on every word The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Friday Night Lights (Mixtape) Song: Premeditated Murder Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] Am I changing right before your eyes? Becoming someone you don't recognize As if I was disguised, I'm on that shit as if I was the Fly I'm touchin' skies, no puffin' lie Man these songs that I made in my bedroom and shit Gon' finally give a nigga leg room and a whip From a Civic to a Chevy must've died and went to heaven Like a passenger on 9/11 - please go find a reverend You see I promise that I'd never change But that was way before I made the dough and met the game Say hello to Miss Thang, I forgot yo name, she yellow And even white women want a nigga - Othello I'm ballin' with nuggets, like fuck it I'm Carmello Now the crib got much room -Portobello She drop it low and then she bust moves for the fellow I sit yo ass down like you was playin' a cello See, you niggaz hated and I levitated further Knew I would kill the game, premeditated murder So if it comes down, may the best man win No sweat like a head band Where I'm from, if you ever seen what I seen You know it can't get no better for me No it can't get no better for me Where I'm from, if you ever seen what I seen You know it can't get no better for me No it can't get no better for me [Verse 2] I'm a kill the game and invite witnesses No death penalty, I'm givin' out life sentences Like keep grindin' boy, your life can change in one year And even when it's dark out, the sun is shining somewhere Yeah, look here I pay dues My own worst enemy so fuck it either way I can't lose 808's so my south niggaz feel me Light-skinned so the house niggaz feel me She catch me creepin' out your house she'll kill me Is it worth it what's under that blouse? My heart'll turn pitch black and cold if I split with my girl If I could gift-wrap the globe, I would give you the world But, do you love me like you used to? Even though I ain't that nigga that you're used to Remember back when I was broke, you would fix me Do you prefer the broke me or the rich me The broke me couldn't buy you meals, not even a value meal And now I pay for everything, how you feel? Mixed feelings 'cause now all the chicks feelin' him You gotta adapt though never goin' back Where I'm from, if you ever seen what I seen You know it can't get no better for me No it can't get no better for me Where I'm from, if you ever seen what I seen You know it can't get no better for me No it can't get no better for me I can't keep running away I can't keep running away I swear I'm coming back today But if I'm wrong And I ain't got what it takes Then all dem people that was counting on me Boy won't you climb down the mountain for me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Friday Night Lights (Mixtape) Song: Home for the Holidays Typed by: AZ Lyrics Hey, this is the story of a young'n dreamin Left his city to see if he could be what he dreamin' Big city on his own shit But every now and then a nigga get home sick Pick up the phone, holla at my partner he telling em, be warned A lot of shit been changing the time you've been gone The streets got meaner, the hoes got growner And went and got baby's the day they got a diploma Damn, there'll be some niggaz missing when you fly back If you black, they sending you to jail or to Iraq Old buddy that we hoop with, with a bad chick and a fly lac Anda gold chain, caught him on a merc, tryna buy crack Damn homie, shit, in high school you was the man homie Fuck happened to you Used to beat niggaz down at the buses after school Now you looking like a motherfucking fool Say I'll be home for the holidays So when you see me, better holla at me I gotta get up put this city 'fore it try to trap me I gotta leave, I wish I could stay But I'll be home for the holidays And to those that I used to know From way before, keep your head up Come lets get this bread up Girl, I gotta go, wish I could stay But I'm coming home for the holidays This is a story bout some puppy love But at the time boy, I was feeling like this must be love Although now I'm on my grown shit She mad as hell, a nigga still get home sick I was fresh up off a scholarship Dressed like a black man in college shit Got a little knowledge now I'm following the politics But I still gotta holla at my old chick So sweet, so thick, girl pick up your phone, it's me She said "we aint homies no more" You go to college and you act like you don't know me no more Girl, we got history semester seem so long The last time I seen ya baby you aint have no clothes on So if history repeats itself When I get home, girl its on, you aint gone need ya belt Or your pants or your drawers, then we hit the rewind Just don't give it up in the meantime Man I reminisce on them school days I know you know them act a fool days That missed the bus then hit the blunt and go to school blazed That trying to get laid so I gotta stay fly But a nigga had a shot you'd have thought thats where the bulls play Wished this freshman could used a little Kool-aid Crushing on them upper clansmen but it was tool late Buddy she was dating he had the freshest shoes But the nigga was graduated but he never made two a's Hey if you're listening we got in to school But who will pay our tuition man These niggaz crazy One year cost about the same as a Mercedes (benz) Four years cost white crib and a baby Ay maybe this aint for me If only I could be Lebron with the strength to leave The worst part about growing up man the shit just aint for free Maybe I can be someone people pay to see And maybe I should move up outta here to the place to be To get from a to z ay what you think I'm crazy If I told you one day that I'ma sign with Jay-Z And will I make it I guess we gotta wait and see The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Friday Night Lights (Mixtape) Song: Love Me Not Typed by: AZ Lyrics Feel like she loves me She loves me And then she loves me not She loves me not Feel like she loves me She loves me And then she loves me not She loves me not Then she loves me not [Verse 1] Hey, I know that this ain't nothing that you used to Out of the ordinary, unusual I know you had your whole life planed out So to watch this pan out I know this shit gotta confuse you I know you wonder why I had to choose you Then wanna take you for granted or abuse you So I'm a keep it honest I think it's a little ironic If I hit another chick it's gonna bruise you Shit, staring out the window of this plane Thinking if it crash, I'll never see your ass again Wouldn't that be a shame Cause look at all the shit we overcame Made it through the flame and never got cremated I made it to the fame and never got too jaded All them other couples we fuck with, secretly hated Flash forward it's been year, we're the only ones that made it Shit remember I was straying from home And where I wanna be was my favorite song Sometimes I still be on my Donnell Jones But I just can't leave you alone [Verse 2] She know me like a book, it's too easy to read my ass Unhappy stressed, yelling don't mislead my ass I mean I make it so easy to please my ass The shoe was on the other foot and you would leave my ass It's true that, true that My song all on the radio Who Dat!, who dat Am I so far gone, used to see both sides like the Mohawk on Now I know you wonder why this phone lock on All this time I've been with ya you ain't used to do that I loved you ass way before I knew you could rap The way you breaking my heart I should sue you for that Call up my uncles and my cousins have them do you for that We had a deal you ain't keeping up your end of the shit In my mind I know she got the short end of the stick Trying justify it, thinking man we finna be rich And some bad bitch I barely know sending me flix The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Friday Night Lights (Mixtape) Song: See World Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] Gettin higher than the soul of little Shaniya To the ones that killed her, hope you burn in fire I'm burnin tires on the strip, tryna get a grip Liquor in the cupholder, tryna get a sip 6 shots of Hennessey, I'm still goin strong Please numb me from the bullshit that's goin on That girl was 5 years old that they just murdered And did some wicked shit to her that was unheard of You fuckin coward Ain't gotta tell em' go to Hell Cause that's the shit that make them other niggaz sick in Jail; So you gon' feel it Travel the world reppin this city, know I'm gon kill it But yet a nigga ain't got a clue... how I'm gon deal with All the bullshit. Niggaz sendin shots my way You put a hit out on me, think that I'm gon stop? No way Gon have to kill me, or witness a nigga livin so filthy Young, Black, and Wealthy, nigga for that I'm guilty Still see all the fake shit It's funny somehow thought the money could erase it No matter how much dough you got you gotta face it And to my niggaz gone hope you in a better place If I make it I'll holla.. See World (See world, See world) You're no good See World (See world, See world) You're no good No matter how I hate flashbacks and rewinds Can't escape the pain that's trapped in my mind See World (See world, See world) You're no good [Verse 2: J. Cole] Yeah I got a chip on my shoulder the size of a golden nugget The industry overlook me for that I be holding grudges Wouldn't take a chance on me Suddenly it's, oh you love it Let's get a cole feature that's gon put you over budget Picture being broke with no pot to piss in And then suddenly your idols is your competition Used to be God to me, slowly losing my religion As these notes from my composition turn the compositions thin Put it out and hope the World sing We sippin' liquor for the pain that the World bring We had dreams just to make it up the flag pole Just to find out that out heroes were some ass holes Y'all don't hear me, maybe you had the World figured out wrong When these niggaz go from singing our songs to waiting on you Bout a year later the same ones be hatin' on you Every other record these rappers be faking on you We singing songs but we know that ain't true We know you gotta make the people pay you Cause either you play the game or watch the game play you And be that broke motherfucker talkin bout "I stay true" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Friday Night Lights (Mixtape) Song: Farewell Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yeah, farewell Hey, farewell Alllmy niggaz farewell Fayettenam Look, some niggaz let there dirt out Some niggaz keep it in 'em So when a man dies all his secrets go with him And fame a part of history no longer known Done did a lot of dirt I'll bury with me when I'm gone When my story's told, how will they tell it? Will they say I was a giver or will they say I was selfish Will they say I was a sinner or pretend I was a saint Will I go down as a winner, what's the picture they gon paint Wouldn't say that I'm a quitter that's one thing I know I ain't ain't Will they tarnish, will they taint? Glorify me, overthink, say they know me, say I'm great Say I'm phoney, I was fake Say the things about me they never told me to my face I was loved I was hated Just a nigga with a dream I'm a liar I was honest, I was all of these things When I'm gone let em talk They discussing who I am When they bury me just know I was nothing but a man Wasn't nothin' but a man This for niggaz climbin' heavens stairwell Yeah, hey farewell Yeh, hey farewell This for niggaz climbin' heavens stairwell I pray you farewell I bid you farewell Yeah, ey, farewell Yeah, yeah If I should die Lord this here is my will Reincarnate a nigga send me right back to the Ville Let me relive my younger days just once again Reenact my memories from every friend to every sin Keeping demons buried in my closet But yet I put in work like a deposit on my bank account My eyes lit while I think about my childhood now I'm blanking out Those were truly my best days The only thing I had to stress was how the hell to get laid Gradually turn into me stressin' how the hell to get paid Been making songs so long, now how the hell they get played Ok, I'm blowing up quickly I guess the flow is sickly But yet I can't forget my past and hope it won't forget me Got good grades but age can't stop strays so pray for me Pour liquor for my niggaz but hey, don't wait for me Cause I'm trying to cheat death, she had to bury my ass You know the cliche "lifes a bitch" well I'm gon marry that ass And sign a pre-nup Think back to when we tore the skating rink up Rapping and we scrapping, we got older hit the teen club Gave mean mugs to niggaz but we winked to all the girls Then we went back to the crib thinking we had saw the World No way, came a long way from having mom chauffer It's hard to think these hoes at some point were so pure But now we play the game, when it's over send me back I swear I'm not gon change a thing I swear I'm not gon change a thing This for them niggaz climbin' heavens stairwell Yeah, hey farewell I pray you niggaz farewell This for niggaz climbin' heavens stairwell Hey farewell, hey farewell Yeah, farewell Yeh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Drake Album: Cole World: The Sideline Story Song: In the Morning Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com, PDog1217@aol.com [J. Cole] Baby you summertime fine I'll let you get on top, I'll be the underline I'm tryin to get beside ya like the number 9, dime; you fine as hell I guess I met you for a reason, only time can tell But well, I'm wonderin what type of shit you wantin Do you like the finer things or you a simple woman? Would you drink with a nigga? Do you smoke weed? Don't be ashamed, it ain't no thang, I used to blow trees gettin lifted, I quit but shit I might get high wit'chu It's only fittin cause I'm lookin superfly wit'chu A flower, you are powerful, you do somethin to me Cause girl I caught the vibe like you threw somethin to me so I threw 'em back, now all my niggaz hollerin "Who was that? Oh boy she bad, nigga what you 'bout to do with that?" I'm finna take you home and sip a lil' Patrón Now we zonin; baby you're so fine And can I hit it in the mornin? Uh, can I hit it in the mornin? And can I hit it in the mornin? The sun risin while you're moanin And can I hit it in the mornin? Can I hit it in the mornin? And can I hit it in the mornin? The sun risin while you're moanin [Drake] Uhh, baby you wintertime cold The night is still young, drink that dinner wine slow I'm tryin to make the goosebumps on your inner thigh show I'll let you beat me there as far as finish lines go Yeah, and if you gotta leave for work  I'll right here in the same bed that you left me in I love thick women cause my aunt, she rode equestrian I used to go to the stables and get them kids to bet me And I would always ride the stallions whenever she let me I'm jokin, I mean that thing is pokin I mean you kinda like that girl that's in the US Open I mean I got this hidden agenda that you provokin I got bath water that you can soak in, things I can do with lotion Don't need a towel, we can dry off in the covers And when you think you like it I promise you gon' love it Yeah, when light's comin through the drapes and we're both yawnin I'll roll over and ask if I can hit it in the mornin Yeah, can I hit it in the mornin? Yeah, can I hit it in the mornin? Yeah, the sun risin while you're moanin Baby, can I hit it in the mornin? Uh, can I hit it in the mornin? Yeah, can I hit it in the mornin? The sun risin while you're moanin [J. Cole] Hey, God bless the child that can hold his own God bless the woman that can hold Patrón God bless her homegirl that drove us home No strings attached like a cordless phone You see my, intentions wit'chu is clear I'm learnin not to judge a woman by the shit that she wear Therefore you shouldn't judge a nigga off the shit that you hear Get all defensive, apprehensive all because my career To be fair, I know we barely know each other and yeah Somehow I wound up in yo' bed, so where we headed from here? Just say you're scared if you're scared but if you're through frontin we can do somethin And you know just what I'm talkin 'bout; tomorrow you'll be callin out Cause tonight we gettin right until the wee morn' Cook a nigga breakfast after sex is like a reward Then I go my own way, you'll think about me all day That just a warnin But can I hit it in the mornin? Can I hit it in the mornin? Can I hit it in the mornin? The sun risin while you're moanin Can I hit it in the mornin? Can I hit it in the mornin? And can I hit it in the mornin? The sun risin while you're moanin Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Any Given Sunday #1 EP (Mixtape) Song: How High Typed by: AZ Lyrics Whats love got to do, go to do with it I get a little taste then I'm through with it Then I send it right back to you with it (How high) Whats love got to do, go to do with it I get a little taste then I'm through with it Then I send it right back to you with it [Verse 1] Visionary play your position, no missionary But yet I pack Gospel in the quotes I spoke You listening to the most high like the Pope on dope Now picture that My poetry's deep now fish for that Only real niggas catch something, phoney niggas fail Shit you gotta feel like it's only read in braille Both did the crime but his homie didn't tell So he fucking bitches while he sitting lonely in a cell Thinking well, what the hell I been on They gave a nigga five then they threw another ten on By the time I'm back on the streets like a bachelor I gotta play the clubs like an old ass woman Life is a movie, pick your own role Climb your own ladder or you dig your own hole Sit around crying that's like sitting round dying You wanna touch the sky bitch you figure out flying Nigga how high, so high that I could touch the sky How sick, so sick that I could fuck yo' bitch Nigga please, my squad stack plenty of G's And if your girl like to smoke we got plenty of trees Nigga how high, so high that I could touch the sky How sick, so sick that I could fuck yo' bitch Nigga please, my squad stack plenty of G's And if your girl like to smoke we got plenty of trees [Verse 2] Hey, as the troubles of the world unfurl My niggas hit the trees like squirrels Tryna get a nut with your girl Think I need to quit trying ‘fore some nigga out there try to hit mine Karma for the karma sutra A lot calmer when the ganja's through ya You need ya armour cause them niggas out here tryna shoot ya Kinda crucial, police piranha, gon snatch you out that Honda For stashing that marijuana Yes, ya honour, I feel ashamed I broke the law but look I'll never smoke or steal again In your courtroom wylin' out, I don't mean to keep smiling But right now I'm high enough to probably steal a plane Man, just look at me, what if I couldn't read? Would you throw the book at me What if I'm feeling sad, am I supposed to look happy It's been a long time coming Tell my nigga roll me up something No I don't smoke, maybe once in a blue When the tention gets thick than there's nothing to do Through the windows of my soul, open the blind My eyes get shut but I open my mind How high, la la la la how high, hey hey hey how high, yeah yeah yeah yeah How high, la la la la Is that a shot that you threw little man? I understand, you frustrated career ain't going how you planned Make it worse, you're friends, now when they talk rap All you hear is “J Cole this” and “J Cole that” It must be hard for your projects to take all that I know your weak heart gotta break off that Boy, look, Cole World this is your worst fear I'm burning you niggas and I'm only in first gear I'm serving you niggas this is only the first beer 12 months from now, you'll be having the worst year No tears for the haters, I'm still counting money Cole ain't dropping, that's real fucking funny Grade A dummy, sleeping on a nigga raps Something like a mummy But I'mma wake yo' ass up Something like your mommy on school day I smoke two l's with ya girl this is Cool J How high How high How high, yeah How high, yeah What's love got to do, got to do with it I get a little taste then I'm through with it Yeah I send it right back to you with it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Meek Mill, Rick Ross, Wale Album: We Got a Buzz Now (Mixtape) Song: Fitted Cap Typed by: AZ Lyrics Beat billionaire [Rick Ross] You know I stick to the script Twenty-million dollar nigga, but I do it like this (M-M-M-Maybach Music, Maybach Music) [Rick Ross - Chorus] My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap (Wuh!) My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap (Wuh!) My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap The Rolls-Royce, it's all white Foamposites, the LeBrons, I'm fuckin' wit' the Spikes My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap (Woo!) My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap (Woo!) The Rolls-Royce, it's all white (How can I not talk big? I got to) Foamposites (Wale!), the LeBrons, I'm fuckin' wit' the Spikes Wale [Wale - Verse 1] Yeah, uh Ferrari mics, bitch, I'm on my car show My chick black and white, she ain't no dime, that bitch a Concorde 11 know I'm reppin' this, shoot and I don't ever miss The coupe I'm in is rented, I ain't wit' all that commitment shit P-R-Ps is proper, couple Gs when I'm shoppin' My girls and my SBs, got a thing for pink boxes Shout out Frankie the Butcher, shout out Mishka in Brooklyn That's some nigga from 10.deep ATL, I'm wit' the cooker I ain't e'en tryin', fool, ho, I ball like private school You bammas like Hyperstrikes, your wifey sleep outside of you And Tito's my niggaz, you know just we just need more shit and It's ironic how I drop some dough when I got them Homer Simpsons, look Pine-green Foams, they may never see the store Got LeBron Entourages like Maverick and Richie Paul Bitch, I ball, ho, you lame, look at my Laneys, switchin' lanes Look at my 9s, look at my Blazers, look at my 4s, cut wit' laser Look at my whore, that is your lady, look at my flo', makin' y'all crazy Makin' y'all sick, y'all cannot tame me, Lexus drive me, Maybach pay me Salute [Rick Ross - Chorus] My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap (Woo!) My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap (Woo!) The Rolls-Royce (Huh!), it's all white (Huh!) Foamposites, the LeBrons, I'm fuckin' wit' the Spikes Meek Mill [Meek Mill] Yo I said I'm swaggin' out in my Cool Greys, no LL, but these cool Js And my wrist froze, but I'm cool sha', like a bald head, I'm too paid I'm too blazed, and I'm too high, George Kush, the whole crew high Wrong move and that tool fly, better Kon that ass like Wu-sai It's MMG, MOB, young nigga, I been OG Walk around wit' like 10 on me, that 5-7, that fen' on me Don't grin on me wit' them long stares, you ain't God unless no fear Big money, all the hoes, HD, I came so clear We jeweled out and we racked up, Phantom big when it back up Big Boy, look like a Mack truck, shooters ride wit' that Mac tucked I'm a Bad Boy, bitch, ask Puff, Simpson-Rodgers, my last cup On this shit, I can't stand up, country Ks as I man up This Rozay, Wale, Gunplay, and that nigga Pill In Brazil, and this shit is real, got bad hoes and that whippet pill One week and we get the deal, one day and I fucked the bitch My Levis, they 501, my snapback is hella bent My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap (Woo!) My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap (Woo!) The Rolls-Royce (Huh!), it's all white (Huh!) Foamposites, the LeBrons, I'm fuckin' wit' the Spikes [J. Cole] Fresh-ass nigga, no wonder why them hoes be open That's that nigga, so what'd I say? They okey-dokin' How you figga? You fuckin' wit' me? I hope he jokin' I'm witcha girl, you home alone, bitch you Macauley Culkin I'm oviedosin', ay, homie, Kobe smokin' Then put my ashes on you niggaz, bet you gon' need lotion I'm slowly roastin', heatin' up, so you know we toastin' Fuck hoes wit' no emotion, fade away like Kobe postin' Out in Sweden, like ain't shit that you can't tell us Lord, forgive me, as a kid, I used to look at niggaz jealous 'Cause uh, they had them Js, and my mama wouldn't cop 'em Can you blame her? Hundred dollars for them bitches wann't a option Now we livin' much better, nigga, pay whatever Rock them bitches once then forgot about 'em forever My kicks like my chick, I don't need to know the numbers You just need to know I'm comin', I'll kill you niggaz this summer Cole My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap The Rolls-Royce, it's all white Foamposites, the LeBrons, I'm fuckin' wit' the Spikes My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap (Woo!) My Jordans high-top, snapback fitted cap (Woo!) The Rolls-Royce (Huh!), it's all white (Huh!) Foamposites, the LeBrons, I'm fuckin' wit' the Spikes M-M-M-Maybach Music The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: We Got a Buzz Now (Mixtape) Song: See It to Believe It Typed by: AZ Lyrics The songs that I made in my bedroom and shit Finally give a nigga leg room and a whip Yeah Cole World, make way for the chosen one Ain't nobody else I'd rather be, not even Oprah's son Momma's youngest getting paper like the oldest one We living better guess God felt he owed us one Closets barely had no clothes in them So you throw my niggaz in hoopty', but we still bag hoes and them These niggaz give they heart and soul to them I wonder if they know we doving them Ass fat so when pinch 'em (pincher) like a Doberman Run up on em politicing like Keith Olbermann What's your name? Where ya from? Ya got a dream? I'll sell ya one Come and kick it with a nigga on his way to the top Won't stop, won't stop Hey and don't stop Now if it don't jam the hoes wont rock And if it ain't crack then the fiends wont cop And you wonder why a nigga got the shit you don't got Gotta see it to believe it Gotta see it to believe it Gotta see it to believe it and don't stop Now if it don't jam the hoes wont rock And if it ain't crack then the fiends wont cop And you wonder why a nigga got the shit you don't got Gotta see it to believe it Gotta see it to believe it Gotta see it to believe it There's so much pain on my brain I gotta jot it out But as of late nigga, it ain't been shit to pout about I turn up the news, my blues seem petty Cause my view of the city is incredible with no album out I'm blessed nigga, I'm blessed When I'm all alone these words just flow out of my chest Turn 'em into poems, they worship, I'm the best And though I'm taking long, they fuck with me none the less Yeah, enough sleeping, I put you niggaz to rest The only one saying shit is like a nigga got tourettes, (chyeah) Unimpressed with you niggaz You the shit only cause I digested you niggaz But I digress, boy you bout as G as a fucking tie dye vest And your wifey is a bird even in her Prada dress Want a nigga like me to come and get her out her nest (out her nest) Like come and kick it with a nigga on his way to the top Won't stop, won't stop Hey, don't stop Now if it don't jam the hoes wont rock And if it ain't crack then the fiends wont cop And you wonder why a nigga got the shit you don't got Gotta see it to believe it Gotta see it to believe it Gotta see it to believe it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: We Got a Buzz Now (Mixtape) Song: Disgusting Typed by: AZ Lyrics Can't help but think about it all the time And you know what's on my mind [x4] Can't help but think about it all the time And you know what's on my mind [x4] I told them recognize , Smith and Wesson Now I got her in my bedroom busting Nigga that's disgusting, that's disgusting Nigga that's disgusting, that's disgusting Yeah they talk but they don't know nothing Nigga eat a dick we the shit no flushing Nigga that's disgusting, that's disgusting What is you discussing? Hey, Oh NO Not another line about how life's a bitch Well fuck the world and enjoy it If she is, wonder can she ride the dick If so I take her on a voyage I like em long legged, Mega Thick Work it out Ya know employ it You wanna know how I know I'm the shit Cuz I keep clogging up the toilet Coley Cole, Fresh as a Four week old Not a scratch on me, Hoes ask for me Niggaz ask bout me, Silly if you doubt me Close your eyes and see where the game is headed without me Give you the realest nigga, give you the chills You looking at the reason the label gave you the deal You remind 'em of me, Let's see how does it feel To know I fathered you niggaz and left you out of my will Can't help but think about it all the time And you know what's on my mind [x4] Can't help but think about it all the time And you know what's on my mind [x4] I told her recognize, Smith and Wesson Now I got her in my bedroom busting Nigga that's disgusting, that's disgusting Nigga that's disgusting, that's disgusting Yeah they talk but they don't know nothing Nigga eat a dick we the shit no flushing Nigga that's disgusting, that's disgusting What is you discussing? 'Nuff of that bullshit cake rap With your childlike scriptures I'm busting off nigga take that! Don't let the limelight get ya The hood said we fuckin with you cole say And we gon' ride right wit ya Yeah we know you got college degrees But we got prior's like Richard And here we are Raps is like CPR Nigga turn on your tv, BET, you see a star Me and my team like ET Completely we be from Mars Damn he got bars as if hes speaking of CB4 Need a barrage A freaky broads, to keep me hard Like 3 Nicki Minaj's, flow completely retarded So I'm deeply regarded as one of the gods And yes her ass clappin so that a round of applause I guess Can't help but think about it all the time And you know what's on my mind [x4] Can't help but think about it all the time And you know what's on my mind [x4] I told her recognize, Smith and Wesson Now I got her in my bedroom busting Nigga that's disgusting, that's disgusting Nigga that's disgusting, that's disgusting Yeah they talk but they don't know nothing Nigga eat a dick we the shit no flushing Nigga that's disgusting, that's disgusting What is you discussing? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Bei Maejor Album: We Got a Buzz Now (Mixtape) Song: Trouble Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Bei Maejor] I I I I I told you, not to wear that dress to the club tryna dance up on me I I I I told you, not to push that thing on me If you know I want it I I That's gon' get you in trouble (Oooh, oooh) It's gon' get you in trouble (Oooh, oooh) That's gon' get you in trouble (Oooh, oooh) It's gon' get you in trouble (Oooh, oooh) Baby I told you, not to wear them heels that make them legs look so sexy I I I I I told you Not to wear them heels that say I'm ready come get me Ay Ay They gon get you in trouble (Oooh, oooh) They gon get you in trouble (Oooh, oooh) They gon get you in trouble (Oooh, oooh) They gon get you in trouble (Oooh, oooh) Go up to my room, you've been such a, such a bad girl Such a sexy naughty girl You know what you doing baby Go up to my room girl You've been such a, such a bad girl Such a sexy naughty girl (Oooh, oooh) [J. Cole] Yeah, temptations in the whirlwind We both bad at it Told myself no more hittin' nigga's girlfriends That's my old bad habit Here you go, wearin' that Already know, what I'm staring at I mean from top to bottom your body is problem so Somebody better take care of that And who Better than, the nigga in the letterman When your man ain't home, you can let him in Late night Letterman I ain't gon tat-a-tale Damn your ass bad as hell That's gon' get you in trouble (Oooh, oooh) It's gon' get you in trouble (Oooh, oooh) That's gon' get you in trouble (Oooh, oooh) It's gon' get you in trouble (Oooh, oooh) I told you not to stare at me like that while I'm performing I-I-I-I told you That's that's gon' make us til the early morning That's gon' get you in trouble (Oooh, oooh) It's gon' get you in trouble (Oooh, oooh) That's gon' get you in trouble (Oooh, oooh) It's gon' get you in trouble (Oooh, oooh) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: We Got a Buzz Now (Mixtape) Song: The Good Son, Part 1 Typed by: AZ Lyrics Allow me to set the scene first This little nigga no older than 17 in a Martin Luther King shirt Walking down the mean merc where the fiends lurk And the same dirt'll find a nigga Even if you tryna get that clean work He caught eyes with a bad bitch in a jean skirt She gave him a mean smurk, he smiled back He remember this man that hit that shit a while back He met her, fucked her, never dialled back How niggaz do? he kept it moving, couldn't wait to get home Report card for his mother couldn't wait to get shown Straight A's as usual, his momma would smile Youngest child, college bound Knew his momma was proud Cause he was headed out the hood He promised himself one day he'd get her out for good That made him smile The favorite child, but damn, fate is foul Drive by, stray bullets that laid him out On the pavement fading out Now he bleeding thinking, God, man, you couldn't wait a while My momma struggling who gon save her now, huh? Now he fading out thinking God, you couldn't wait a while? My momma need me, who gon save her now, nigga? uh Yeah, he's fading out, her favourie child He's fading out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: We Got a Buzz Now (Mixtape) Song: Killers Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] Momma I just killed a man My body still trembling can you feel my hand Don't shed no tears, it won't be long before they find out it was me momma This may be the last time you see me free ma Don't spend it cryin' You did your best, me I was blessed, know you were stressed tryin' To keep me out the streets, me ducking police Tryin' not to make a peek to wake you up out your sleep A drunk and high fool Skip a class, fluncking high school I know you taught me better, somehow I never learned Said I was playing with fire, somehoe I never burned You tried to set me straight, somehow I never permed You tried to show me right but somehow I never turned Lost in a cloud of marijuana, are you sane dummy Dry your face mommy, your not to blame for me See I'm a man, I gotta take whatever came for me At times I wonder 'bout my father Would it change for me if he was around? Would I still be running round with the lowlife's Bum ass niggaz no jobs, no life Seen them niggaz killed for no price I watched his life flash before his eyes like a strobe light I pulled the trigger momma Tryna be hard, I ain't mean to kill the nigga momma But what's done is done I'm on the run, I live my life like a movie now it's way too realer Who woulda thought your baby boy woulda grew up to be a killer Yeh, now I'm a killer Guess I'm a killer They got me in here with the killers Yeah I mean the killers [Verse 2] I wonder whats in store for me Lately been stressing, pray for blessings, hope that there's more for me Than just a simple life Niggaz that I used to hoop with is doing triple life Gave up the jump shot Work on the john shot Who woulda thought I used to block this niggaz lay ups Now he's in a cell layed up I wish you well, stay up Like insomniacs This life can make a nigga fold like a laundry mat I sip this cognac though to ease my brain from all this pain And so that I react slow, in this fast world Slow niggaz, fast girls Hoes give up ass while these ho niggaz hold triggers Blast on 'em Hold up that old checker flag for 'em Chalk lines by the do not park sign It's deep, all these cold hearted niggaz holding heat I'd rather blast before they steal a nigga Tell 'em now boy, don't make me turn into a killer Yeah, into a killer Don't make me turn into a killer Yeah, to a killer, yeh yeh [Verse 3] To those who had love for me in the past Who woulda thought time would fly by so fast I remember back in class we used to make believe Like it was draft day Swore that we would make the league, be rich Saturday morning had to rake the leaves, awww shit Watch how they pile up Seem like a mile up I was the blisters on my hand than I dial up my best friend Skating ring is where we headed tonight And if a nigga disrespect, yes we ready to fight In retrospect that shit seemed petty At the time, the shit was heavy Cause life was all about your name You had to scrap with any nigga that would call you lame Ashamed no doubt, so many niggaz go they brains blown out Snatched a nigga chain and he got his name rolled out in obituaries Another body in a cemetary Another young nigga in the penetentiary And he don't give a fuck no missionary Rap visionary, paint a picture nigga pictionary Tell you what it is, I'm a dictionary I knew a nigga that threw his dick in every chick in every city that he went to Went hard like the rent do Till he met the wrong bitch, man just came home ex-convict And he stay on with that Thriller Shit, fucking around with them killers Yeah, with them killers Fucking around with them killers Say I'm a killer The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: We Got a Buzz Now (Mixtape) Song: Nothing Like It Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yeah, Pistol Pete flow, smoke like a swisha sweet blow Cole world, get ya pea coat Rappers got no point, niggaz miss the free throws so Ain't no mystery why there picking me for I've been hot since '97, I ain't Mr Cee though I am Mr NC boy, with the pen destroy any emcee boy I'm skinny, didn't eat so I'm hungry like a hostage Finally seeing money so it's funny how they eyes lit Surprise it's, that nigga that you should have been on I handed you niggaz my demo, dawg I couldn't get on One time for my city bitch I'm putting it on Like a condom when I'm with your girl, ballin' like it's intramural Back in school, hoopin' to impress the girls We was young and disconnected from the rest of World I reminsce on Andrea, eh, God bless ya girl She used to let me sit in class and caress her curves Help a nigga get through puberty, the lessons learned From her, wasn't nothing like it We passed notes, she read minds like a fucking psychic and write back I was the class clown, I told jokes and hope she liked that Rode the bus home and wonder how it be to pipe that If I was just a little faster I know I could have smashed her But was just a virgin, couldn't make it past flirting Now I'm taking baths with there naked ass jerkin Make It Last forever playing in the background You can that as whatever I was laying that down She gon hat emy ass forever, I ain't gon bring her back round But hold up, what you expect it, how you feeling all neglected? Sending all them texted spillin on your dresses We knew just what this was before I was feeling on your breast'es I never disrespected, I'm clever nigga check it I tried to warn these women, guess they never get the message This is Cole, ain't nothing like it So girls don't wanna fuck him, now they wanna fuckin' like him And hope you fuckin' wife him Yeah, nuttin' like him Yeah, ooh, yeah, oh Ain't no other, ain't no other niggaz A-ain't no, ain't no other niggaz fucking with me Rappers throwin' jabs but it feel like nothing hit me Fake niggaz, snake niggaz I think something bit me Scratch that, can't impersonate perfection man But I can school you, this here is the lesson plan Now uh uh, apparently some of y'all comparing me Either you blind as hell or either you just don't care to see Don't make me pull the trigger I think you niggaz is daring me Go fuck around and get your favourite rapper embarrassed, see I'm the supplier of that fire and the kerosene Don't wanna make a scene, those ain't no shots fired Just know the shit that I'm dropping, take you a lot higher These niggaz bitches on the low, they Mrs Doubtfire How can you doubt fire, man if you brave enough then come put it out Sire The South by your side, this the mouth for your eyes You niggaz spit it with no one to vouch for your lies I spit it how you see it, but ain't had the words to say it I spit it how you think it but ain't had the balls to speak it I put it out, sit around and let the world critique it Until the fans up on it early like a nigga leaked it Just know you fucking with the best, this be our little secret Until the world find out and then y'all gotta share me Til then just know there's nothing like him and there's nothing near me Yeah you fucking hear me Yeah, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: We Got a Buzz Now (Mixtape) Song: Holdin' Me Back Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Chorus: J. Cole] What's sunshine with no rain What's joy without no pain And I'm still gon do my thing There ain't no holding me back Hey I'm gon get mine believe that And what's sunshine with no rain And what's Joy without no pain Hey yeah Yeah hey [Verse: J. Cole] The city fucked up even thug niggaz getting robbed Know it's bad when the drug dealers getting jobs Same niggaz who skipped out on graduation At the gas station filling out the applications but They ain't calling me back Best friends be our references Pay checks spent on necklaces Down payments on the Lexuses Debit in the negative Overdraft with the sky overcast But I'm screaming fuck the pessimist Cause there ain't no holding me back, huh The little nigga had big dreams to do big things But in this thing everything ain't what this shit seems Trying hard to come up in the flag pole just to Find out your heroes is some assholes But there ain't no holding me back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: We Got a Buzz Now (Mixtape) Song: Wildfire Typed by: AZ Lyrics What's up Real nigga doin real stuff Get a lot of money You can never get enough And you know the new shit sounds so tough So-and-so just walked in, so what I don't really vibe with a lot of these niggaz I ain't really into givin more than one chance girl I already tried with a lot of these niggaz Fuck that That team don't know real, what's that That can't be from here That can't be what they believe in Is the best shit of the year That's that fake shit, that's that fake shit That's that top row of veneer Just when they gettin impatient Is when I make a world premiere Ah damn, word, award show's comin Make sure you spell the shit right Make sure they give me all the credit I deserve Make sure the good stuff's still in that Sprite They watch us, make this shit into a song You ain't livin that boy Stop stealin that life Anything that happened when I do yah I guess it all depends how I'm feelin that night Okay, livin my life in hotels Bitch better have my room right If they kill me, bury me a legend Bitch better have my tomb right This is perfect for the women that I've loved before I love em all I just love you more I could bet all of the riches that I ever had Rush in the night like a shock wave wouldn't be bad If I had to ? cause of ? that run up my back You must ?, nothing else can lead me off track Hey, Yeah You're like a wildfire Got me risin high Your innocence ? Drowin in, would you save me It's a crime if you don't ? by the throat I could bet all the riches that I ever had Rush into the night like a shockwave wouldn't be bad Hey, Yeah You're like a wildfire Got me risin high Your innocence ? Drowin in, would you save me It's a crime if you don't ? by the throat [repeat chorus until end...] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: We Got a Buzz Now (Mixtape) Song: Return of Simba Typed by: AZ Lyrics In my freshest Js, I ain't slept in days Girl, you gon' make me late undressin' me Know you ain't seen me since yesterday But, see, I got a date with destiny 'Cause this the summer that our life change Hov asked me, "Is you ready for it?" I looked around at all his nice things Told him, "Nigga, you already know it" Bitch, I'm the man of the year Yeah, yeah, yeah Straight through this bitch (Yeah) Bitch, I'm the man of the year What you 'sposed to do when the O.G. niggaz don't get it? Lost what was once theirs but they won't quit it Homie, it's a new era, middle finger to the suit-wearers Lemme show you how to move in a room Full of dudes that don't got a fuckin' clue how to do this Prolly worked with Cube, so to them, this a Rubik My President is black, but my jeweler's still Jewish So you know it cost, he makin' a killin' off me Red diamonds he designin' got me shinin' Spotlight cover my body, my chain blindin' A cop light runner, they wanna but can't find him Me and Hovi Hov, out on the same island Took the whip to the other side of Jamaica Seen how he was livin', said "I gotta get my weight up" Formulated my plan, motivated by dreams Parlayed wit' my mans, motivated my team Ced said, "Look, my niggaz, we got a foot in" Bein' good is good, that'll get you Drew Gooden But me, I want Jordan numbers, LeBron footin' Can't guard me, Vince Lombardi, John Wooden Garbage? Hardly, you niggaz silly like Chris Farley So like him, you'll be gone too early Mama hands together like 6:30 And Cole keep a thick bitch I like to call Big Shirley All my '90s niggaz is gon' get it 18 and under, that's prolly gon' take a minute I'ma be here for a while, none of these clowns can hurt me I'ma be here for a while, none of these clowns can hurt me At the time of this rhyme, five years 'til I know thirty Cole World in the summer brings snow flurries This next shit is in no way to boast But my city love breakfast, 'cause niggaz had toast early Coach had us doin' jumpin' jacks Then sent us to the water fountain after runnin' laps My nigga went and grabbed his bookbag, threw it on his back And brought it to me just to show me he was fuckin' strapped We was twelve years old, how was we to know better? I analyzed his life and see that he was so set up Live by the trigger, 'cause no father figure Means you don't got a nigga comin' 'round to guide a nigga All you got is mama bringin' home these rotten niggaz Blowin' reefers, all the teachers do is ride a nigga So this is who I speak fo' To give the young niggaz somethin' they could reach fo' You better dream, boy Yeah, I stunt, but I'm a li'l more realer When it come from the heart, don't it feel mo' iller? Watch my flow go bananas, I'm a li'l gorilla So pardon me, man, y'all gon' have to pardon me They say I rep that 'Ville too much, but that shit just a part of me It's flowin' out through my arteries, who hard as me? You JV, I'm varsity No field trip, ain't hard to see, this real shit, you R&B Seen a movie wit' yo' bitch in it, and listen it, was starrin' me (Woo!) That boy Simba crazy Hotter that Ike Turner temper, you December, maybe And though you wish me well, I know deep down you wish I'd fail It's Judgment Day, I'm here to give you pussy niggaz hell And some food for thought, I can serve a plate Wit' dessert to take, wit' dessert to take Yeah, I heard the hate, but the wait is fuckin' over It's like I'm fuckin' Oprah, well worth the wait Maybe over your head, I'm ahead of my time Niggaz scared of my future, I know they dreadin' my prime 'Cause I only made classics, now what that take? Timing Cole under pressure, what that make? Diamonds (Diamonds, diamonds, diamonds, diamonds..) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Any Given Sunday #1 EP (Mixtape) Song: Like a Star Typed by: AZ Lyrics Baby girl, roll down the window I love to see your hair float when the wind blow Even if the money been slow 'Ey to you it don't matter cause you still gon' ride with me You're still gon' ride wit' me I say you're still gon' ride wit' me I know you're still gon' ride wit' me, hey [Verse 1] Welcome to the life of a, nice brother Light skind-ed, black father, white mother Tried to be a player, found out I'm a slight lover Come from Carolina, I'm fly, I'm a right brother Went away to school looking for the right lover You know, someone that couldn't ever worry 'bout a rubber She had a man, I be damned, think I might love her Thought about her ass for the whole damn Summer Man I even memorised her whole damn number This is my semester dog, I'm coming to arrest her Yah, y'all you know, handcuff her, her ex man, fuck him Oh nah don't be a parr man, that nigga was a dog So it's me now, and she be everywhere I be now I wonder, should I tell her what her fella wanna be now? The dreams I been dreaming and them things I wanna see now Do they make you wanna leave or would you still hold me down? 'Ey Baby girl, roll down the window I love to see your hair float when the wind blow Even if te money been slow 'Ey to you it don't matter cause you still gon' ride wit' me You're still gon' ride wit' me I say you're still gon' ride with me I know you're still gon' ride with me, hey (Just like a star) Cause baby girl you shine (just like a star) And we gon' do it big (just like a star) And maybe get a crib (just like a star) 'Ey maybe we can live (just like a star) [Verse 2] Hey, for you I always had an admiration We lost touch but you never left my imagination Congratulations on your graduation Oh now it's time to hit the real World filled with all them résumés and applications Man, but ain't nobody calling you back You say it's cause you a woman and even more cause you black, imagine that The weight of everything on your plate You got the World on your back baby, if you can relate, man I feel for you 'Ey has this World got too real for you? Your old friends say you changed but I still know you You that same old girl I used to take home from school Tryna look cool, forgot I had to break on, damn Time passed and you done grew up And yeah, it's just like I told you baby look I done blew up But the money and this little bit of fame ain't changed me So holla when you need me, I bet you you'll get the same me 'Ey baby girl, roll down the window I love to see your hair float when the wind blow Even if te money been slow 'Ey to you it don't matter cause you still gon' ride with me You're still gon' ride with me I say you're still gon' ride with me I know you're still gon' ride with me, hey (Just like a star) Cause baby girl you shine (just like a star) And we gon' do it big (just like a star) And maybe get a crib (just like a star) 'Ey maybe we can live Just like a star that's in my sky Just like an Angel on my pain You have appeared to my life It feels like we never be the same Damn and it's been, way too long Can't find the words to write this song Hey, Ugh, still I wanna worry But it ain't what I do Hey, we do it all the time Goin' out my mind Man 'Ey baby girl, roll down the window I love to see your hair float when the wind blow Even if te money been slow 'Ey to you it don't matter cause you still gon' ride wit' me You're still gon' ride wit' me I say you're still gon' ride wit' me I know you're still gon' ride wit' me, hey Just like a star Just like a star Just like a star Just like a star The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Any Given Sunday #1 EP (Mixtape) Song: Knock on Wood (Freestyle) Typed by: AZ Lyrics (Cole, cole, cole, cole And on the count of 3 Baby girl Cole, cole, cole, cole And on the count of 3 Baby girl Cole, cole, cole, cole Hey And on the count of 3 Blow up - ah Blow up - ah) Yea - and that I will Nigga and that I will I keep a checklist of rappers that I'mma kill I used to play the bleachers before I had a deal Now a nigga gettin burnt, just imagine how that feel Mmm, ill, fantastic Flip rhymes, flip beats, nigga jamnastics Your style hot now but they just can't last wit Somethin like the rap sandcastle Gone with the tide I'm here for the season Bend your ass over bitch I'm here for a reason Cole breezin, flow freezin This ain't spittin ho - I'm sneezin Used to hit South Beach, stay at the Parisian No fun nigga, low funds was the reason Old school bed that the hoes got pleased in Now them loes dos is what I throw peas in Man talk about a come up Niggas see me in the street, they talkin bout The Come Up Or talk about The Warm Up Aye nigga when yo album drop? And why these little rappers like to run they mouth alot? And J. Cole are you really from the south or not? I see yo jeans, man them thangs musta cost alot Aye do you get a chance to hang out with the boss alot? Even them hatin niggas like you at the barbershop Cole! yeaaa, thats my motherfuckin name Nigga couldn't even watch the allstar game Had to do the ole valentines day thang Gotta play the game so my lady won't complain 3 or 4 days I'll be back on a plane Do a couple shows where the people know my name Look man the crowd full of pretty young thangs If you gone do dirt then you can't leave a stain Mane, tiger woods ya'll He like the white girls I like them hoods yall She got her hair straight, she got a good job She give the best brain, she got them good jaws I got that good game, thats cause I'm good ya'll J. Cole the little engine that could ya'll And yea I'm comin for the top like I should ya'll And bitch I'll never fall off Knock on wood ya'll Cole The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Any Given Sunday #1 EP (Mixtape) Song: Pity Typed by: AZ Lyrics God help the hungry children Help the homeless children Help them to survive a World they can't understand God help the child who's needy Who deserves not pity Help them to survive this cold and bitter land Is this the life that you chose for me? Is this the life that you chose for me? Is this the dice that was rolled for me? I won't cry about it, I won't cry about it Is this the life that you chose for me Lord? Is this the life that you chose for me? Is this the dice that you rolled for me? [Verse 1] Yeah, this is the Ville, home of the fast-lifers Where we get high and don't come down, we gas righteous Man, I wonder how hard to live my past life was Cause this one hard, I could show you my scars I ain't crying tho.. Then save that pity for the next man Or that girl getting beat down by her ex-man Hey, hold your head, mama I know you wish that nigga dead, mama If I can find a way to kill him, I won't have any drama Damn mama, tell me who you love This one is for the boy that sees his mama on drugs I feel your pain, boy and just know that I been through the same, boy That lady needs you more than ever Don't be ashamed boy Cause when it rained, boy, that was your umbrella The one that changed your pissy sheets when you was a young fella And now she in the bedroom on her knees Staring at the sky, screaming "Lord please!" Tell me now [Chorus - J Cole] Is this the life that you chose for me? Is this the life that you chose for me? Is this the dice that you rolled for me? I won't cry about it, I won't cry about it Is this the life that you chose for me Lord? Is this the life that you chose for me? Is this the dice that was rolled for me? I won't cry about it, I won't cry about it [Verse 2] Soon as you cling on, my mind's saying "be gone!" I leave em with wrinkled foreheads, they now Klingons Confused, cause friendship's abuse and I'm sorry for it My life performance been trifling, some nights I fight my conscience? Was never given space, but I always heared the heart Always miss playing the hand that was dealt the joker cards It's what I was feeling like, lonely low energy Fallin slow clinically, ballin' over we finna be Don't pity me ever, even when them haters answering Mindstate of the victim, no victim, I'm just a champion Money come in slow, God, intervene Spirit's never broken, I'm just focused, don't pity me No no no, you see this pain put a strain on my whole life I seen the rain, seen my dreams turn to long nights But all I ask is don't pity me, no, no! Don't pity me, no, no, no! Is this the life that you chose for me? Is this the life that you chose for me? Is this the dice that you rolled for me? I won't cry about it, I won't cry about it Is this the life that you chose for me Lord? Is this the life that you chose for me? Is this the dice that was rolled for me? I won't cry about it, I won't cry about it I can't cry about it Nah, nah, be strong Can't cry about it Hey [Verse 3] I freestyle life, can barely write the rent Yearly income can barely keep this music life in check Call up mama, hate to borrow money, with Christmas near Hey you know what? How about we make each other gifts this year Friends are calling me up, asking me if I'm signed yet Who I'm working with? Am I making dollar signs yet? Disappointment within their voices, do they pity me? Disbelief, I'ma stay driven like them city streets But ah, it seems like every day is rainy weather Can barely fit my pain and poverty the same umbrella But he don't care, he don't care, it's hard to keep em dry No more caterpillar, now you see him change: peeping Tom This life'll flash before your eyes So get your match before your fire turns to ash No more drive, no more gas, before you cry, get your last Before you die, life your past with no regrets Broken X, no looking back man Is this the life that you chose for me? Is this the life that you chose for me? Is this the dice that you rolled for me? I won't cry about it, I won't cry about it Is this the life that you chose for me Lord? Is this the life that you chose for me? Is this the dice that was rolled for me? Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Any Given Sunday #1 EP (Mixtape) Song: How High Typed by: AZ Lyrics Whats love got to do, go to do with it I get a little taste then I'm through with it Then I send it right back to you with it (How high) Whats love got to do, go to do with it I get a little taste then I'm through with it Then I send it right back to you with it [Verse 1] Visionary play your position, no missionary But yet I pack Gospel in the quotes I spoke You listening to the most high like the Pope on dope Now picture that My poetry's deep now fish for that Only real niggas catch something, phoney niggas fail Shit you gotta feel like it's only read in braille Both did the crime but his homie didn't tell So he fucking bitches while he sitting lonely in a cell Thinking well, what the hell I been on They gave a nigga five then they threw another ten on By the time I'm back on the streets like a bachelor I gotta play the clubs like an old ass woman Life is a movie, pick your own role Climb your own ladder or you dig your own hole Sit around crying that's like sitting round dying You wanna touch the sky bitch you figure out flying Nigga how high, so high that I could touch the sky How sick, so sick that I could fuck yo' bitch Nigga please, my squad stack plenty of G's And if your girl like to smoke we got plenty of trees Nigga how high, so high that I could touch the sky How sick, so sick that I could fuck yo' bitch Nigga please, my squad stack plenty of G's And if your girl like to smoke we got plenty of trees [Verse 2] Hey, as the troubles of the world unfurl My niggas hit the trees like squirrels Tryna get a nut with your girl Think I need to quit trying ‘fore some nigga out there try to hit mine Karma for the karma sutra A lot calmer when the ganja's through ya You need ya armour cause them niggas out here tryna shoot ya Kinda crucial, police piranha, gon snatch you out that Honda For stashing that marijuana Yes, ya honour, I feel ashamed I broke the law but look I'll never smoke or steal again In your courtroom wylin' out, I don't mean to keep smiling But right now I'm high enough to probably steal a plane Man, just look at me, what if I couldn't read? Would you throw the book at me What if I'm feeling sad, am I supposed to look happy It's been a long time coming Tell my nigga roll me up something No I don't smoke, maybe once in a blue When the tention gets thick than there's nothing to do Through the windows of my soul, open the blind My eyes get shut but I open my mind How high, la la la la how high, hey hey hey how high, yeah yeah yeah yeah How high, la la la la Is that a shot that you threw little man? I understand, you frustrated career ain't going how you planned Make it worse, you're friends, now when they talk rap All you hear is “J Cole this” and “J Cole that” It must be hard for your projects to take all that I know your weak heart gotta break off that Boy, look, Cole World this is your worst fear I'm burning you niggas and I'm only in first gear I'm serving you niggas this is only the first beer 12 months from now, you'll be having the worst year No tears for the haters, I'm still counting money Cole ain't dropping, that's real fucking funny Grade A dummy, sleeping on a nigga raps Something like a mummy But I'mma wake yo' ass up Something like your mommy on school day I smoke two l's with ya girl this is Cool J How high How high How high, yeah How high, yeah What's love got to do, got to do with it I get a little taste then I'm through with it Yeah I send it right back to you with it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Any Given Sunday #1 EP (Mixtape) Song: Unabomber Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] Yeah Fresh off the motherfucking broadcast And I'm here, fuego nigga Yeah, hey, uh, it's happening fast Yeah, uh [Verse] I told niggas on the low, but they ain't hear it though Boy that man in the mirror is a miracle Hey wipe your face, momma told you no more tears would flow We eating better than we was a few years ago Send you Western Union on my pay day, a week later it's May day So you returned the favor, we stayed afloat like some sailors Bill collectors blowing us up, the couldn't fade us Bitch I made straight A's, go 'head, try and degrade us, haters But this one's funny: man one year later I was on them phones Collecting money, a lesson for me: everybody's got a story dog Unfortunately learned I can't do nothing for you dog I'm trying to run the whole game like a morning jog With hits like a porno blog Not hopping out to shower to make ten dollars an hour Ain't judging though, to each his own You pay your bills and raise your kids inside a decent home More power to you, but a message to you fuck niggas I hope your kids grow up and never wanna fuck with you This punk nigga knocked up two hoes at the same time And told this nigga they was lying dog, they ain't mine That's cold blooded but ain't nothing new Same old, fuck it though, what's up with you? If you made it this far listening without skipping Then I gotta show love, don't worry I'm just venting The late night thoughts of a nigga on a mission And I rock my girl to sleep in missionary position Tuck that ass in and then I went and grabbed a pen And now you have it, words flowing like magic, it's truly accurate You niggas posing like some hoes up in a beauty pageant! Nobody touching me, it's like I got the cooties rapping Remember when we called niggas African booty scratchers? Yeah that was random, but man, so is life You grab your needle, grab your thread, and hope you sew it right I find myself fiendin' for a spot to go at night With the liquor flowing steady and the hoes polite The fast lane makes me reminisce on slower life The unabomber, bitch I'm blowing up over night (BOOM!) [Outro] Hey, yo, it's happening fast I say it's happening fast All the drama that I had to get past Will it last? Or will it pass? Just as quick as it came Hoes knowing my name Dog, welcome to fame I pray to God we don't change But even if you don't Most niggas look at you strange But I guess I can't complain (Hey) Hey man it's happening fast I say it's happening fast I say it's happening fast The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Any Given Sunday #2 EP (Mixtape) Song: Bring Em In Typed by: AZ Lyrics I wasn't looking for you I wasn't searching I wasn't creeping around I wasn't lurking I wasn't sleeping around I wasn't thirsting But, I got a thang for you I got a thang for you [Verse 1] You on ya job, and it damn sure workin' Say she ain't a ho but she far from a virgin When it's time to cut, I'm somethin' like a surgeon I do my thang for you, Hey baby girl you gotta trunk, I might put you in valet Way you stretching make ya man think I put you in ballet If I'm sliding through ya city I need you to dial me And how much my niggas smoke reminded me of Friday I can take you to DC introduce you to Wale You can look all through my phone as long as you don't call Jay Is it cool to parlay, we can do this all day Just me and you off in my room We call this to the hard way? Hard way! I put it down Any spot any city that I'm in Let the bad girls know we run the town So pick up that cellphone and Tell a friend, to tell a friend I put it down! Any spot, any city that I'm in Let the bad girls know we run the town And my niggas blow trees like the wind So tell a friend, to bring a friend Bring em in [x4] If they all bad You can bring em in We take it to the... it's just you, me and them [Verse 2] Now bring ya ass over here A nigga tryna take you home like a souvenir One in a million, girl you lookin' like you knew Aaliyah And ah, I got a thing for you, I got a thing for you A stewardess yet you flew the Lear Cause you fly as hell shawty walking through the air Game cold like the toes on a polar bear And ah, I do my thang for you Now baby girl if looks can kill then you catching bodies How I'm stretching you there's no need to go to Pilates When I'm sliding thru ya city meet me in the lobby Then you put that thang up on me like you tryna rob me Can I hit it in the morning? While you moaning probably Got you sweating now you gettin' wet as a tsunami We can do this all day, treat it like a high way But if I tell you get to stepping like you Pam and Tommy Don't mind me, I put it down! Any spot, any city that I'm in Let the bad girls know we run the town So pick up that cellphone and Tell a friend, to tell a friend I put it down! Any spot, any city that I'm in Let the bad girls know we run the town And my niggas blow trees like the wind So tell a friend, to bring a friend Bring em in [x4] If they all bad You can bring em in We take it to the... it's just you, me and them [Verse 3] Did I meet you for a reason or for a season Or either the night of ya life at the four seasons Whisper to ya home girls ya love Cole world Cause his flow thorough I give you a few more reasons Not because his verse or cause I can buy purse You know the type of shit that your man can only purchase on the first And not because he faker than turf softer than Nerf football I got his girl lip-gloss all on my girth But cause I'm so cleaver better than who ever The coldest nigga even when wearin' like four sweaters Well versed, well rehearsed the go getter These broke niggas got good dressing and no lettuce (ahhhh) You would think niggas would know better It's oh eleven, you would think niggas would flow better I know you so fed up and so I had to blow and I ain't talking Coke header, I won't let up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Any Given Sunday #2 EP (Mixtape) Song: Roll Call Typed by: AZ Lyrics Just got off the phone my nigga smithy Shit too real back home, bro. real This for my niggas here, hold your head I know shit rough but nigga we don't give up We don't get mad nigga, we just get tough We just get right nigga, we don't get left Fuck what they said, Cause what we learned coming up You can't teach that shit Like dealer nigga blows but we eat that shit This one here's for my brothers we gonna beat that shit Now, I say my prayers I got, too many people in my head right now So many that's in jail, or they're dead right now One time for my nigga crag right now He in the feds, damn the times change And these stupid niggas talking 'bout crime pays You can keep that shit, I just made a million Call me when reach that shit I ain't bragging, I'm just shedding some light One time for my granny up in heaven tonight And a young boy from a show down in hampton Told me that my song was the reason he beat cancer Didn't know what to say, I just froze Little too deep I suppose But after a year of review I figured it out it wasn't me It was you nigga, congratulations The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Any Given Sunday #2 EP (Mixtape) Song: Be (Freestyle) Typed by: AZ Lyrics Cole world, cold blooded Trapping niggas at my shows and them hoes love it Backpacking niggas with the afroes love it So don't holla at a nigga if you got no budget Trying to get my braid up, nope not talking cornrolls Trying to get my grade up, oh, look how my score rolls Playing Jigga hits he say "good, make more of those" Cole got delivery bitch, you got digornoes They fucking with me because I'm real as shit Well if you feel this shit, here goes some realer shit I signed a big deal and went to the dealership Man they took one look at my credit and said forget it Now I'm in this train with a mil to my name Ain't shit changed because I still feel the pain Like a gym or a rim dog, I'm built for the game Something like a pimp because I'm still with the caine' Unh, a little drug dealer reference what, I can't try These niggas out here lying, why can't I Flashbacks where my teacher told me I can't fly Then he looked at nigga crazy because I say why Now look, no wings but I'm flier than the birds Co-signer on a beamer, but it's whiter than the burbs Something like a genius, but man I've done been a nerd Just choosing bad bitches while admiring the curves That might have been a noun, that might have been a verb But I'm just trying to find what you hiding in that skirt Hey Cole got it coming now he might've been the first So she only fuck with him like a choir in a church Good God, momma told him get a good job Be a doctor or a lawyer, if you're black they won't employ ya' Well nigga I'mma show ya', this that Jesse Jackson uh Firmative; action so master I'm taxing uh Don't let the cover fool ya', bitch I ain't no freshman In my own class man, I write my own passes I hear the shots fired, yeah I see the stones casted My shit is already fire, don't gas it Niggas hear my album say sound like a classic Niggas say your album might not even see the plastic Bastard, how you gonna match with a nigga Who done mastered the shit you practice Catch this, a real nigga til' the day of my casket Put on for my city like my favorite jacket Man you gonna wear that every god damn night Know that I'm paid for this shit, nigga you God damn right The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Cole World: The Sideline Story Song: Dollar and a Dream III Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - J. Cole - talking] Yeah, hey Cole World Hmm, hey [Chorus 1 - J. Cole] Got a dollar and a dream, that's all a nigga got So, if it's about that cream, then I'm all up in the spot I got a dollar and a dream Just a dollar and a dream [Verse 1 - J. Cole] Cole, walk with a nigga, I give you my pain So much on my mind, I wonder how it fit in my brain Scattered thoughts, dark secrets lead me to a blacker heart Life can't get any worse, Stevie with his glasses off 'Cause I still don't see hope, lookin for a quick fix When everyone I see's broke, get lost in weed smoke Knowin it make it worse, thoughts roam uncontrollably Barely trustin niggaz, over a decade they been knowin me Shit, life at the bottom, nobody but God got 'em They say he wouldn't leave me, yet I'm fallin like it's autumn Tell me, what do you do just when you on your last dollar And the, stress of this mess you in can make your ass holla? Do you fold, grow bitter and grow cold? No longer fightin, now the only thing you grow's old Or do you flip that fuckin dollar to a dream? Whether a scholar or a fiend, watch a pawn become a King (Cole ...) [Break - J. Cole] (*echo*) Young nigga with his jeans low Nice guy, just got a mean flow Never seen rich but he's seen po' Mr. "Dollar And A Dream" in case ya ain't know [Chorus 2 - J. Cole] It's all a nigga got So if it's about that cream, then I'm all up in the spot I got a dollar and a dream Just a dollar and a dream [Verse 2 - J. Cole] Yeah, armed and ready, you niggaz strung out, you spaghetti Ya paper confetti, small time, y'all on one, I'm on mine You logged off, 'cause I'm online, small talk from small minds I wanna buy the mall but there ain't shit in this small town This where I get my dough My niggaz make sure that money right and then I rip the show I run the town, they tried to call me underground I spun around like, you wish Homie my backpack Louis, now watch just how I do this I got the nerds rappin hard shit, dummies rappin smart shit Mozart meets Humphrey Bogart with this from the heart shit Play your part, life is but a dream for me I get a flash of nightmares when niggaz scheme on me It's hard to see my enemies, who infiltrated my team I take a step back and notice that things ain't what they seem That's when a nigga refocus, yeah I turn on them high beams I got that red dot waitin, I'm wastin your whole regime I wish a nigga would, boy you can't outsmart me I let you feel like you the shit but boy you can't out fart me Ya never, have it, I know you want what I got But nigga you ain't me, but you are what I'm not And that's a phony ass, lonely ass, Cole is what you know me as But we far from homies, if you know my mama, you know me If ya don't then well I'm sorry, you should get to know Kay Man she been workin too hard, I should send her a bouquet My goal this year is a real one, go on and stack a million And as soon as I do, mama that nine to five is through And I know I ain't been callin but I'm thinkin 'bout you And all the shit that you been through My girl and then my brother too 'Cause this life gets hard on this road, yeah it's true I don't never tell you how much I be stressin but I do But I suck it up for who? My fans and my mans Who probably never, ever had this type of lifestyle in they plans Hoppin in and out of vans, on the buses, on the planes Gettin brain from a bitch and thinkin "God damn, what's her name?" Sometimes I just shake my head and tell myself this is a shame Then my other side kick in like "bitch, don't be so fuckin lame" Dang, what a life, another day, another night At times this shit is all blurry, pray and hope that God heard me Just for those prayin for me, man I know that y'all worry But I ain't never failed and you can bet I never will (Cole) [Break] - w/ ad libs [Chorus 2] [Outro - J. Cole - talking] Hey, 'cause nigga that's life and trust me I'm livin Look what a nigga made out the shit that I was given Look what a nigga made out, look what a nigga made out Got a dollar and a dream, three The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Trey Songz Album: Cole World: The Sideline Story Song: Can't Get Enough Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - J. Cole - talking] (Ahh) Cole World (Ahh) Southside Can't get enough, can't get enough (ahh) Eastside, Westside, worldwide (ahh) Ride out [Verse 1 - J. Cole] Now I ain't got no kids yet but this right here's for practice I hate to get the seats in the Benz wet but that's how good yo ass is Make an old man get his glasses, make Wesley pay his taxes Then follow yo moves all week on Twitter, probably make a gay nigga reconsider Ya now rockin with the best mayne, dress game down to the sex game Won't brag but the boy been blessed mayne, let you play with the stick, Ovechkin She callin, she textin, she's fallin but let me explain Gotta tell your old boyfriend skate girl, 'cause a nigga don't play them ex/X Games Nope, straight sexin, no handcuff or arrestin And I ain't comin off of my last name, 'cause I really can't take no stressin 'Bout where I done been, who I done hit, your homegirl sayin "he a bad boy" But I'm signed to the Roc, no time for the gossip, bitch put down them tabloids [Chorus - Trey Songz] (J. Cole) - w/ ad libs She said "I heard you got a main chick, a mistress and some hoes You be up to no good and everybody knows My homegirls tried to warn me, they tried to let me know What you got, I need a lot, so I can't let you go" (She said "I, can't get enough, can't get enough") [I, need that] ("I, can't get enough, can't get enough") [I, need that] ("I can't get enough of what you got Good God, you hit the spot Tried to let go but I just could not So don't you stop, I need that") [Verse 2 - J. Cole] Hey, Globetrotter, Cole hotter, even way out in London town Hoes holla 'cause they love my sound and I got love for the underground Kweli, Pimp C, H-Town, where Bun get down Met a bad bitch that'll cut all night, that'll suck all night, we just cut off lights (off lights) Almost missed my flight, tryin to get my last little nut, alright? She be down for whatever, whenever I wanna get up in the guts, alright? Never fuss or fight, on the grind tryin to find this lettuce I love it when you give me head, I hate it when you give me headaches [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - J. Cole] Hey, Cole World baby, ain't nothin sunny I see 'em hatin but it ain't nothin to me I'm from the 'ville, where they bang for the money And carry four-fives like change for a twenty (for a twenty) So what I look like scared? Them niggaz over there look like nerds Never mind that girl, let's make a track I'll beat the pussy up, that's the hook right there (right there) That's the hook right there That's the hook right there Never mind that girl, let's make a track I'll beat the pussy up, that's the hook right there [Chorus] - w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: The Warm Up/Lights Please 12" Song: Lights Please Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Verse 1 - J. Cole] Yeah, I had this little bad thing somethin like them tens She gave a nigga made brain, somethin like The Wiz But you see the sad thing fuckin with her is Is the chick ain't even have brains, dummy like a bitch So I tried to show her, about the world and about just who we really are And where we've come and how we still have to go really far Like baby look at how we live broke on the Boulevard But all she ever want me to do is unhook her bra Then all I really want is for her to go down low Before you know it she wet enough to get drowned slow And all that deep shit I was previously down for Replaced by freak shit I am currently down for You see I peeped it, pussy is power That proud feeling we get knowin that pussy is ours And how it, feels to feel that feeling you feeling when you be drillin that shit Got her sayin you be killin that shit And all the pain the world cause she be healin that shit And nah that ain't your girl dog but you be feeling that chick And you just wanna tell her everything she might need But in the mean time it's lights please, lights please, lights please [Chorus - J. Cole] Turn off the lights For now everything just seem so right And how you make the darkness seem so bright I'm feeling like things gon' be alright, lights please, lights please Turn off the lights For now everything just seem so right And how you make the darkness seem so bright I'm feeling like things gon' be alright, lights please [Verse 2 - J. Cole] So now we in the hotel, mirrors on the ceiling She say she wanna blow L's, I hear her and I'm willin But every time I smoke well a nigga mind gone So that every word I spoke, well I'm tryin to put her on But she couldn't hear me, I told her all about how we have been living a lie And that they love to see us all go to prison or die Like baby look at how they show us on the TV screen But all she ever want me to do is unzip her jeans Then all I really want is for her to get on top Before you know it, she workin, jerkin it non-stop And all that next shit I was previously talkin Is now that wet shit that I'm currently lost in And while that sweat drip, I am reminded All the times my brother told me that pussy is blindin I'm findin, the more I grow the more y'all seem to stay the same Don't even know the rules but yet y'all tryin to play the game And ain't it shameful, how niggaz blame hos for givin birth To a baby that took two to make, coward nigga you a fake How you gonna look in your son's face and turn your back Then go start another family dog, what type of shit is that? She said it's okay, rub my head and told me to relax Laid a nigga down proper, like she was recording tracks Said I know you wanna change the world but for the night please Just reach over and hit the lights please, lights please, lights please [Outro - J. Cole - talking] Ah, uh uh, lights please Ah, uh uh, lights please Ah, uh uh, lights please Turn off the lights, lights please The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Cole World: The Sideline Story Song: Sideline Story Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Verse 1 - J. Cole] I put my heart and soul in this game, I'm feelin drained Unappreciated, unalleviated Tired of comin up short, fuck abbreviated Want my whole name spelled out, my own pain spilt out No pain, no gain, I blow brains, Cobain Throw flames, Liu Kang, the coach ain't help out So, I call my own shots, I'm David Blaine I'm breakin out of my own box, you stay the same But homie if ya change, may ya change for the better Back when Martin King had a thing for Coretta Wonder if she seen all the +Dreams+ he was dreamin Did she have a clue of all the schemes he was schemin? Still loved him just enough to put up with the cheatin Months go by and only see him for a weekend (uh) I say a prayer and hope my girl ain't leavin We all got angels, we all got demons As you fall through the club Bad bitches down to do all the above Money comes fast, so bein hungry don't last 'Til you look in the mirror and you saw who you was (huh) Cole World, it couldn't be more clearer The time is now, it couldn't be more here-a My reign gonna last like three-four eras Say hello to the real, I can be your hero (huh) [Chorus - J. Cole] - w/ ad libs Hey, I'm a put us all on the map I'm gone and I ain't lookin back I know they gon' feel it/fill it like they tank on E I promise baby, you can bet the bank on me 'Cause can't nobody tell me what I ain't gonna be no more Ya thinkin I'm a fall, don't be so sure I wish somebody made guidelines On how to get up off the sidelines [Verse 2 - J. Cole] Up in first class, laugh even though it's not funny See a white man wonder how the fuck I got money While he sit in coach, hate to see me walk past 'em Young, black, pants sag, headphones blastin Know what he askin - "how did he manage?" With all the cards against him, he used 'em to his advantage Slang we be speakin probably soundin like Spanish Then I fuck they heads up, when a nigga show manners Some New York niggaz thought it was funny callin us "bamma" Laughin at the grammar, 'cause they didn't understand us Must've thought we slow, but, little do they know I came up in here to take advantage of that shit y'all take for granted (huh) Opportunity (uh), that I would kill for Lookin at rappers like "what the fuck you got a deal for?" When I was ass out with my funds low It's nice to know I had the whole world at my front door [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - J. Cole] I made it to the Roc, even though they tried to box me out I got the key to the game, they tried to lock me out But what they don't understand is this is all planned It's a bigger picture and you can't Photoshop me out Some nigga ask me "why Jay never shout me out?" Like I'm supposed to give a fuck, don't you know that I be out in France, where the fans throw they hands like Pacquiao Not 'cause my looks, 'cause my hooks could knock Rocky out And my lines is designed from the heart +Young Simba+ been a lion from the start Dumb niggaz, y'all been lyin from the start My life's like a movie, truly, and these niggaz is dyin for the part But, you'll never play me like LeBron versus Jordan Twenty years, wonder who they gon' say was more important Both changed the game, came through and made a lane Who's to say that who's greater? All we know, they ain't the same [Chorus] - w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Jay-Z Album: Cole World: The Sideline Story Song: Mr. Nice Watch Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: J. Cole] Hey, Cole World, yeah [J. Cole] Yeah, e'rybody got a bad side, drop, let me see that shit What you say Cole ain't hot; what? Where you read that shit? You believe that shit? All cause some lame nigga tweet that shit? Have you seen my shows? Have you seen my hoes? If I wasn't hot would they be so thick? Huh... guess not, got the game in a headlock I'm blastin at, I'm laughin at you old niggaz, Redd Foxx Don't mind me boy I'm red hot, huh, aw nigga they not I'm over here, I'm over there, I'm everywhere, they not (I said) You'll never play me, nice try, ballin in a nice spot No more Mr. Nice Guy, hello Mr. Nice Watch You don't want no problems, put yourself in a tight spot So, you could look but don't touch, I'll stay on my toes like the White Sox Cause [Chorus: J. Cole] It cost me a lot, my chain and my watch They say time is money but really it's not If we ever go broke girl then time is all we got And you can't make that back, no you can't make that back So let's ball while we here, let's ball while we here Like ain't no tomorrow, like ain't no next year Drink away all our problems, make it rain with no care Like I'll make that back, fuck it I'll make that back Go... ahh, nice watch (uh-huh) ... ahh, nice watch (I know) ... ahh, nice watch No more Mr. Nice Guy, hello Mr. Nice Watch [J. Cole] Stack on black, huh, I ain't never been a high roller Now it's racks on racks, uh, never thought that I would ride Rover But I'm back on track, add to the fact that I never really drive sober +Cole World+ but I'm hot as shit, do that mean that I'm bipolar? Young black and gifted, I rap/wrap like it's Christmas Eve Coach wouldn't let a nigga off the bench, no wonder why I didn't quit the team But, I'm cut from a different sleeve, +Cole World+ so the wrist'll freeze Hurry up with your pictures please, I gotta make history [Jay-Z] Yeah, got a Hublot I call it Tebow, I strap that bitch with a gator band Y'all niggaz ball half-time, y'all niggaz like the Gator band Y'all niggaz need a time-out, who got these niggaz all wound up? Cocksucker I'm 7-30, y'all know where y'all niggaz gon' wind up? No more Mr. Nice Guy, hello Mr. Nice Watch Only but a matter of time 'fore I hit y'all niggaz with a nice shot Y'all niggaz bet' not call the law, get no blood on my Audemar Meanin y'all bet' not waste my time, when y'all ready I'll take you all to war Meanwhile I'm just choppin off doors, put the front on the back cause I'm back and forth Put the front on the back of the 'bach like a boss so I'm frontin on niggaz when I'm backin off Uh, what up Cole? Showtime, let these niggaz know Adjust your Roleys on these muh'fuckin hoes, whenever you ready, go! [Outro: J. Cole] It cost me a lot, my chain and my watch (Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, ahh, nice watch) If we ever go broke girl then time is all we got (Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, ahh, nice watch) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Cole World: The Sideline Story Song: Cole World Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - J. Cole - talking] I think it's gonna be a hell of a night A hell of a night So we can do whatever you like, hey, hey [Verse 1 - J. Cole] It took me all day to find some inspiration It just hit me like a ton of bricks, no renovation Problem with the game now, it ain't no innovation I see my shit all in your shit, we call that imitation And they say that's flatterin but I ain't flattered at all Matter fact y'all need to practice that more See my man Nate, asked me if I gained weight I said "nah, my pockets got fatter, that's all" Money was an issue but now that that's solved I ball, I ball, like Kobe in the fall Put trophies on my wall, rather trophies on my mantle Dog my shows be off the handle, take the proceeds, go to gamble (ha!) Bet it on black and pray, I quadruple my salary If I win, maybe then, I could pay Sallie Mae Told her I be dealin with some real-life shit She be askin "when?" Bitch, When I feel like it [Chorus - J. Cole] Cole World, cold life, cold blooded I be on my shit and look at all the hoes love it Got a hundred-fifty bitches in the club starin at me How that feel? Very happy Hey, I got what you need right here, right here I got, I got what you need right here, right here I got, I got what you need right here, right here I got, I got what you need right here, right here, hey [Verse 2 - J. Cole] Uh, turn up the 808's for me (woo!) Back when I was starvin, no one made a plate for me (woo!) Now I do it big and that's my day to day story (woo!) I got the type of shit that make a hater say "sorry" Bitch, I made this in the crib, watchin Belly Eatin peanut butter, jelly, what the fuck can niggaz tell me? They say I'm takin long, I tell 'em patience is a virtue I'm goin all out and bitch I never had a curfew See when you're spittin so real Suddenly these phony niggaz lose they appeal Got 'em feelin like my niggaz when they lose they appeal Then it's back to the cell, back to the hell At times I watch the news and see they talkin 'bout diplomacy And they ain't got a clue my niggaz ain't got they diplomas, see Rappers show me love, I wondered what it could be I think they scared of me, and they should be [Outro - J. Cole - talking] Hmm, okay we outta here (o-o-o-okay-kay-kay) I think it's safe to say we outta here (we outta here, we outta here) We outta here (yeah, yeah, yeah), I think it's safe to say we outta here I think it's gonna be a hell of a night A hell of a night So we can do whatever we like, hey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Drake Album: Cole World: The Sideline Story Song: In the Morning Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com, PDog1217@aol.com [J. Cole] Baby you summertime fine I'll let you get on top, I'll be the underline I'm tryin to get beside ya like the number 9, dime; you fine as hell I guess I met you for a reason, only time can tell But well, I'm wonderin what type of shit you wantin Do you like the finer things or you a simple woman? Would you drink with a nigga? Do you smoke weed? Don't be ashamed, it ain't no thang, I used to blow trees gettin lifted, I quit but shit I might get high wit'chu It's only fittin cause I'm lookin superfly wit'chu A flower, you are powerful, you do somethin to me Cause girl I caught the vibe like you threw somethin to me so I threw 'em back, now all my niggaz hollerin "Who was that? Oh boy she bad, nigga what you 'bout to do with that?" I'm finna take you home and sip a lil' Patrón Now we zonin; baby you're so fine And can I hit it in the mornin? Uh, can I hit it in the mornin? And can I hit it in the mornin? The sun risin while you're moanin And can I hit it in the mornin? Can I hit it in the mornin? And can I hit it in the mornin? The sun risin while you're moanin [Drake] Uhh, baby you wintertime cold The night is still young, drink that dinner wine slow I'm tryin to make the goosebumps on your inner thigh show I'll let you beat me there as far as finish lines go Yeah, and if you gotta leave for work  I'll right here in the same bed that you left me in I love thick women cause my aunt, she rode equestrian I used to go to the stables and get them kids to bet me And I would always ride the stallions whenever she let me I'm jokin, I mean that thing is pokin I mean you kinda like that girl that's in the US Open I mean I got this hidden agenda that you provokin I got bath water that you can soak in, things I can do with lotion Don't need a towel, we can dry off in the covers And when you think you like it I promise you gon' love it Yeah, when light's comin through the drapes and we're both yawnin I'll roll over and ask if I can hit it in the mornin Yeah, can I hit it in the mornin? Yeah, can I hit it in the mornin? Yeah, the sun risin while you're moanin Baby, can I hit it in the mornin? Uh, can I hit it in the mornin? Yeah, can I hit it in the mornin? The sun risin while you're moanin [J. Cole] Hey, God bless the child that can hold his own God bless the woman that can hold Patrón God bless her homegirl that drove us home No strings attached like a cordless phone You see my, intentions wit'chu is clear I'm learnin not to judge a woman by the shit that she wear Therefore you shouldn't judge a nigga off the shit that you hear Get all defensive, apprehensive all because my career To be fair, I know we barely know each other and yeah Somehow I wound up in yo' bed, so where we headed from here? Just say you're scared if you're scared but if you're through frontin we can do somethin And you know just what I'm talkin 'bout; tomorrow you'll be callin out Cause tonight we gettin right until the wee morn' Cook a nigga breakfast after sex is like a reward Then I go my own way, you'll think about me all day That just a warnin But can I hit it in the mornin? Can I hit it in the mornin? Can I hit it in the mornin? The sun risin while you're moanin Can I hit it in the mornin? Can I hit it in the mornin? And can I hit it in the mornin? The sun risin while you're moanin Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Cole World: The Sideline Story Song: Lost Ones Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com {Intro - J. Cole - talking] Yeah, yeah, yeah, uh One two, one two, one two, one two One two, one two, one two, one two Yeah, yeah, uh Uh, uh, uh, uh Yeah, one two, one two, one two, one two Yeah, yeah, uh [Verse 1 - J. Cole] Baby girl, I can't imagine what it's like for you I got you pregnant, now inside there is a life in you I know you wonderin if this is gon' make me think 'bout wifin you Like if you had my first child, would I spend my whole life with you? Nah, I ain't tryin to pick a fight with you, I'm tryin to talk Nah, I ain't tryin to spend the night with you, I'm kinda lost See, I've been givin it some thought lately and Frankly I'm feelin like we ain't ready and this Hold up now, let me finish Think about it baby, me and you we still kids ourself How we gonna raise a kid by ourself? Handle biz by ourself? A nigga barely over twenty Where the hell we gon' live? Where am I gon' get that money? I refuse to bring my boy or my girl in this world, when I ain't got  shit to give 'em And I'm not with them niggaz who be knockin girls up and skate out So girl you gotta think about how the options weigh out What's the way out? Uh [Chorus 1 - J. Cole] - 2X - w/ ad libs And I ain't too proud to tell ya that I cry sometime I cry sometimes about it And girl I know it hurt but if this world was perfect Then we can make it work but I doubt it [Verse 2 - J. Cole] Uh, she said "nigga, you got some nerve, to come up to me talkin about abortion This my body nigga, so don't think you fittin to force shit See I knew that this is how you act, so typical Said you love me, oh but now you flippin like reciprocals It figures though, I should of known that you was just another nigga No different from them other niggaz Who be claimin that they love you just to get up in them drawers Knowin all the right things to say, I let you hit it raw, motherfucker Now I'm pregnant, you don't wanna get involved, motherfucker? Tryin to take away a life, is you God, motherfucker? I don't think so (uh), this a new life up in my stomach Regardless if I'm your wife, this new life here I'm a love it I ain't budgin, I'll just do this by my motherfuckin self See my mama raised me without no motherfuckin help from a man, but I still don't understand how you could say that Did you forget all those conversations that we had way back 'Bout your father? And you told me that you hate that nigga Talkin about he a coward and you so glad that you ain't that nigga 'Cause he left your mama when she had you and he ain't shit And here you go doin the same shit, you ain't shit nigga" [Chorus 2 - J. Cole] - w/ ad libs And I ain't too proud to tell ya that I cry sometimes I cry sometimes about it And boy that shit hurt and ain't nobody perfect Still we can make it work but you doubt it Nah, I ain't too proud to tell ya that I cry sometimes I cry sometimes about it And boy that shit hurt and ain't nobody perfect Still we can make it work but you doubt it [Verse 3 - J. Cole] They say everything happens for a reason and people change like the seasons then grow apart, she wanted him to show his heart and say he loved her (yeah) He spoke the magic words and on the same day he fucked her Now she wide open (uh huh), she'd put a ring up on his finger if she could (yep) But he loved her 'cause the pussy good (uh) But she ain't no wife though (nope) Uh oh, she tellin him she missed her period like typos He panickin, froze up like a mannequin, a life grows inside her, now he askin "is it even mine?" (damn) What if this bitch ain't even pregnant dog, could she be lyin? And she be cryin 'cause he actin distant Like "ever since I told you this, nigga you actin different" And all his niggaz sayin "man, these hoes be trappin niggaz Playin with niggaz' emotions like they some action figures Swear they get pregnant for collateral, it's like extortion Man if that bitch really pregnant tell her get an abortion" Uh, but what about your seed nigga? [Outro - J. Cole] - 3X And I ain't too proud to tell ya that I cry sometime I cry sometimes about it [J. Cole - talking over Outro] Uh, uh, yeah, what about your seed nigga? Uh, what about your seed nigga? What about your seed nigga? Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Missy Elliott Album: Cole World: The Sideline Story Song: Nobody's Perfect Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com, PDog1217@aol.com [Intro: J. Cole] Hey, oh yeah, Cole World Uh, oh yeah, yeah [J. Cole] This is for all the fans that waited, the bitch niggaz that hated Old hoes we dated, look momma we made it Your son out in Barbados, cheese eggs and potatoes Smokin weed on the beaches, my mind workin like Platos Analyzin the world, fantasizin 'bout girls I'm handin diamonds and pearls and vandalizin her curls Sweatin her weave out, moans as she breathes out Fuck I'm doin in parties with Hova and Steve Stoute I've stepped, over piranhas, death over dishonor They killin niggaz for J's, that's death over designer And Cole heatin up like that leftover lasagna Remember when I used to be stressed over Dawana? Now a nigga only text and get stressed over Rihannas I'm talkin tens and better, hood bitches in Timbs and sweaters And we always argue 'bout the same thing Hey tell me why we gotta argue 'bout the same thing, same thing? Well [Chorus: Missy Elliott] Nobody's perfect, uhh, nobody's perfect, ayy Ayy, uhh, ay but you're perfect for me Nobody's perfect, uhh, nobody's perfect, ayy .. Ay but you're perfect for me We rollin, we ridin, he like to go, inside and I love to go, all night and, we rock the boat, Poseidon I love to call, yo' name, name, name Hey baby I love to call yo' name, name, name ay [J. Cole] Oh yeah, to my college girl, take the weekend off and come home soon I graduated way too long ago to be sneakin all in yo' dorm room But, that thing tight like Fort Knox, so I call you when the tour stops But baby where your roommates? Did you make sure the door's locked? She love it when we get together, smoke a lil' weed but her shit together Now that I'm on I can pick and choose, only fuck with hoes who got shit to lose Yeah I heard the stories 'bout different dudes, her man on campus but it's fine by me She say she only fucked like fo' or five niggaz, so you know you gotta multiply by three The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Cole World: The Sideline Story Song: Never Told Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - J. Cole - talking] (*echo*) Yeah Hmm, hmm, hey What's up girl? Hey, yeah, uh [Verse 1 - J. Cole] Angel eyes, long hair I see you cryin, what's wrong there? "He did what? He fucked who?" We know the story, what's new? See I could probably, rush you Tell you that he should of loved you Take advantage, fuck you Tell you I'll do all the shit he wouldn't do But the truth is, we all the same On different teams but it's all a game The objective, tryin to score You got a wife, you find a whore You fuck her fast, she find her drawers Pull up her pants, you find the door You drive her home, she mop you off You bust again, then drop her off Then repeat, like an episode Why we cheat? I'll never know Is it 'cause we rap? Heavens no Lot of niggaz rap, though never blow Like hetero, sexuals Girl you fine, from head to toe Could it be 'cause my father let me know That he cheated and somehow, I never told? (I never told) [Break - Conversation between father and son] Father: Hey, you wanna be a man? Son: Yeah, I wanna be a man Father: A man don't run and tell his mama everything he see Son: I ain't gonna tell Father: Alright, al-alright then man, be a man then Son: Alright [Verse 2 - J. Cole] Yeah, hey, okay, that's what it is, I see the game The hoes come, the seasons change The hoes go, we rearrange Fuck up her life, she'll never be the same The OG's, that beat the game Forever young, Peter Pan Thirty-five? Still playin Child support? Still payin Jugglin, bill payin Been runnin round, field dayin Wine and dine, meal payin With hopes that, she'll lay him The bed and, get wet then Give head then, you bet man That same girl who said "we just met, man" Game colder than the fuckin dead man One night stands, no best man No bridesmaids, or Reverends 'Cause Wolverine's, depressin Don't wanna be your ex-man/X-Men 'Cause Cupid aims, and throw the darts There go the sparks, then broken hearts Who wanna build, Noah's Ark Just to have that shit torn apart? (yeah) [Outro - Conversation between man and woman] Woman: You know what? Um, I need to talk to you Man: About what? Woman: I don't think is ah, workin out for us Man: Why? Woman: I mean, I need some space (*hiss*) Woman: I mean no, I, I just wanna find myself, that's all Man: What the fuck? Woman: You know? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Jay-Z Album: Cole World: The Sideline Story Song: Rise and Shine Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Jay-Z - talking] There's a nigga right now somewhere (ah!) He at the table, with a, with a bowl of Apple Jacks (*laughing*) And he's readin the back of the cereal And in between, in between eatin the Apple Jacks, he's writing some shit And he, he want my spot I'm a find him though, I'm a sign him (*chuckles*) I don't want no problems (*laughing*) [*Sample from "Arise, Shine" by Greg Dykes and The Synanon Choir plays for 22 seconds and throughout*] [Verse 1 - J. Cole] Like we always do at this time, C-Cole blowin your mind Hey dummy, this no accident, all of this was designed T-T-Took my time, c-c-crept from behind And I opened up your blinds, rise and shine Cole World, same nigga used to drive around with yo' girl In my mama's Civic, now I'm out here tryin to get it I ain't like you lame ass niggaz, boy I spit it, how I live it So when you see me in the streets, man I ain't got to mimic 'Cause I ain't got an image to uphold, this real shit I ain't got a gimmick, I just flow, that niggaz went nuts for The boy that set fire to the booth In a game full of liars, it turns out that I'm the truth Some say that rap's alive, it turns out that I'm the proof 'Cause the ones y'all thought would save the day, can't even tie my boots The ones y'all thought could hang with me, can't even tie my noose Let these words be my bullets nigga, I don't rhyme, I shoot (bang!) [Chorus - J. Cole] Before I wake (uh), I pray to the Lord (uh), my soul to take (uh) My soul to take (uh), my soul to take (uh), my soul to take [Verse 2 - J. Cole] Lord I've been dreamin about the paper, get rich 'fore I see my life caper Hope my mama get to see Jamaica 'fore she meet her maker I hoop but never good enough to ever be a Laker But these words I record got me ballin, Jordan More than a rapper, this a natural disaster Boy, I'm meaner than Katrina mixed with Gina - "shut up, Cole" This is for my niggaz back home, homes - "what up, bo?" This is for them bitches that played me - "what up, ho?" Nah I ain't mad, it's sad, you went from bad to real bad Two kids that don't even know they real dad Real sad, baby girl, I wish you still had it Then maybe you could get a taste of livin +Villematic+ It's Cole, still at it, y'all be talkin about the same shit Man, how I feel about it? Mama was a real addict That's why I don't respect that lyin ass, white shit you talkin Cole plannin funerals, you might fit the coffin [Verse 3 - J. Cole] Hey, uh, get on your job little mayne, this ain't Saturday We in two different lanes, you can't navigate We in two different games, you playin "patty cake" Brother you're lame, you're Shane Battier Ya out of shape, my mind run a mile a minute The sky's the limit, I'm so high, I'm divin in it My rides is tinted, my knob's gettin slobbed up in it She hollerin "God!", man you would've thought that God was in it But it's just a nigga God invented The best out, foolish pride'll make you not admit it Well if this shit ain't fire nigga, why you noddin with it? The hate in your blood can't stop your soul from vibin with it Now you all conflicted, 'cause my flows is wicked And my hoes is thicker and all of yours is pickin me 'Cause they, know a star when they see a star, nigga Ain't even got to fuck him, to know he a raw nigga I got her in my bedroom but cheer up, nigga You saved so many hoes, you a hero, nigga (huh) Medal of honor, I'm feelin on top like Pac, when he slept with Madonna Hey, this is death before dishonor Get arrested and forget to tell my mama She got enough to stress about, my nigga gonna get me out Then we hit the club with the thugs and the liquors No criminal record but I'm makin criminal records Isn't it ironic? Isn't it iconic? Jacket so expensive, you wouldn't even try on it But it fit me perfect, I purchase it, if I want it (uh) The city on my shoulders, so no girl, you can't cry on it (uh) When you make a list of the greatest, aye, am I on it? (uh) Maybe not yet but bitch I got the clock set, it goes Tick, tock, game on lock Sun gon' shine but the reign won't stop, oh no [Outro - J. Cole] Hey If I should die, before I wake (uh), I pray to the Lord (uh), my soul to take (uh) My soul to take (uh), my soul to take (take ...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Cole World: The Sideline Story Song: God's Gift Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [*Sample from "Francisco" by Milton Nascimento plays throughout*] [Intro - J. Cole - talking] Up, up and away Hey, do you trust me? (uh) Would ya love me? Then it must be [Verse 1 - J. Cole] Worldwide stunner, oh man, I'm a Reign on the game, make it storm and thunder Grab an umbrella bitch and go stand under And bundle up, it's gonna be a cold/Cole ass summer (uh, uh) You niggaz so last summer On to the new, on, on to the new shit Jigga wouldn't even take my CD when he seen me Two years later, bitch we made it on, on to "The Blueprint" (huh) Now how's that for persistence? Cole World comin, call back up assistance (uh) Same broads used to hang up on my walls Now they come up out they drawers, how's that for a mistress? (uh) Hell bent (uh), Heaven sent (huh) Lord I repent, if I ever sinned Now I know I ain't the richest but I still wanna ball Put money over bitches but we still underdogs [Chorus - J. Cole] - w/ ad libs Did you miss me? No, I don't know where I'm goin but I'm goin, now is you comin with me? Up, up and away Hey, do ya trust me? If I was on my last dollar, dead broke, assed out, would ya love me? Then it must be, a match made in Heaven (Wake up, wake up, wake up) - God's gift (Get up, get up, get up) - God's gift (Wake up, wake up, wake up) - God's gift (Get up, get up, get up) - God's gift Motherfucker this is God's gift [Verse 2 - J. Cole] Huh uh, huh uh, pussy my passion Man I just can't help it, I see a cookie, I grab one Lookin for some nookie, I'm tryin to scope me a bad one Every verse I spit it, just like it could be my last one Huh uh, huh uh, ever since I got on I've been on a mission to fuck the bitches I missed out on (huh) Ex-cheerleader, hollerin "what's up?" Now her nigga beat her, damn, that's fucked up What type of, little, fuck boy hit a Woman? Bet he wouldn't put his hands on a nigga (huh) I ain't bitter boy, that's all you (huh) Plus I just fucked her 'fore she called you (huh) Dry your eyes baby, I'll drive ya home Older hoes sayin "my, how you've grown" I came up (uh), fucked the game up Show my mama I'll survive on my own [Chorus] - w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Cole World: The Sideline Story Song: Breakdown Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - J. Cole - talking] Yeah Yeah, look [Verse 1 - J. Cole] I just shed tears homie, nah I ain't too proud to admit it Just seen my father for the first time in a minute And when I say a minute, I mean years man Damn, a whale could've swam in them tears, fam 'Cause as I left 'em, I reflected on my younger days When it was just me and my brother and my mother played father, 'cause no other man bothered, not even my biological It never seemed logical But I accepted it, 'cause I ain't know no better Though I was brighter than a Polo sweater No pops was like Martin with no Coretta So many things you could've told me And saved me the trouble of lettin my mistakes show me I feel like you barely know me And that's a shame 'cause our last name is the same That blood type flowin through our veins is the same My mama left you and it maybe your anger's to blame But that's no excuse, only you and God know the truth And why you only called monthly, barely ever saw me Spend some summers with you and played with my cousin Vorry Maybe I should be tellin you "fuck you", 'cause you selfish But I want a father so bad, I can't help but - breakdown [Chorus - J. Cole] I breakdown I can't help but breakdown I breakdown [Verse 2 - J. Cole] Yeah, I never thought I'd see my mama on that shit, man It's fuckin with her body, now she sick, damn I wanted a big house with the white picket fence and a pool Who would've ever thought that it would come to this, man? Quicksand, is what this life feel like That shit these rappers kick is nothin like real life You made a milli off of servin hard white, yeah right My mama tell you what addicted to that pipe feel like? Stupid niggaz, ain't heard of cops been shootin niggaz? I swear to God, wish I could bulletproof my niggaz Can't get no jobs but they still recruitin niggaz We tryin to stand tall, when it get too crucial niggaz - breakdown [Chorus - J. Cole] We breakdown We breakdown We breakdown Bring the breakdown [Verse 3 - J. Cole] Yeah, he's servin time, locked down And she don't want nobody to know His daughter twenty-five pounds By the time he get out, she gon' be four Now will his girl stay down? Ain't no doubt she love him, yeah that's for sure But temptation stays round And if she strayed, how could he ever know? (never know) And so, she goes, to the club on the weekend A little freakin, but them niggaz holla But she never speakin, but tonight I see the Devil creepin 'Cause she been lonely, she ain't felt a man in seven seasons Damn, she do the best that she can Her mama tellin her to find another man She college educated with a felon boyfriend That's what she thinkin tonight, maybe she's right [Break - J. Cole] But please, stay down mama Gotta, be strong, don't breakdown mama Please, stay down mama Gotta, be strong, don't breakdown mama Don't breakdown (yeah) Don't breakdown Don't breakdown Don't breakdown Uh, bring the breakdown [Outro - J. Cole] Break, breakdown Steady breakin me down Break, breakdown Steady breakin me down Break, breakdown Steady breakin me down Break, breakdown Steady breakin me down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Work Out 12" Song: Work Out Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Sample from "The New Workout Plan" by Kanye West] I wanna see you work out for me, work out for me [Break - J. Cole] - w/ sample and ad libs in the background throughout Hey we got a good thing, don't know if I'm a see you again But is that a good thing? 'Cause girl, I can't be your man (no ma'am) I know what's on your brain, you probably hope it never would end Like is it the real thing or is it just a one night stand? (well then) [Chorus - J. Cole] - w/ ad libs Let me see ya get, high, now go low Now girl won't you drop that thing down to the floor I'm here for one night, how far will ya go? I wanna see ya (work out for me, work out for me) High, now go low Now girl won't ya drop that thing down to the floor I'm here for one night, how far will ya go? I wanna see ya (work out for me, work out for me) [Verse 1 - J. Cole] She like them boys with the big old chains Ride around town in a big old Range I knew her when I rocked big old chains Now the little nigga doin big old things Would you look at that, I came back for her Just to give it to ya, like ya asked for Man that thing in them jeans too fat for her It rebounds, so I caught her off the backboard I told her "baby girl come here Know I run the town even when I ain't from there And I brag hardly but just to show up at this party I made what your nigga make in one year, that's unfair But, so is life, take a chance, roll the dice Money can't buy ya love 'cause it's overpriced Don't overthink (uh), just hope it's right I'm only here for the night" [Break] [Verse 2 - J. Cole] Carolina blue kicks, fresh on the scene Hottest nigga on the block, damn, girl ya mean They be startin shit but it's your world On my Martin shit - "you go, girl" She bad and she know it Some niggaz save hoes, I'm not that heroic Could you be my Escort? 'Cause just like them two-door Fords Damn, they don't make 'em like you no more Huh, Cole World, real Cole World Them boys cool, me, I'm on fire Know what's on my mind, tryin to see what's on yours Tonight (uh), tonight (uh), tonight Move slow, 'cause you wanna live fast Up late, so you'll probably skip class Life is a test so before the night pass Get right (uh), get right [Break] [Outro - J. Cole - to the tune of Paula Abdul's "Straight Up"] - 2X - w/ ad libs Straight up, now tell me Do you really wanna love me forever? (oh, oh, oh) Or is it just a hit and run? Straight up, I tell ya I just really wanna cut, when we together (oh, oh, oh) Come here girl, let's get it on (Work out for me, work out for me) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Cole World Song: Who Dat * Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com * first single [Intro - J. Cole - talking] - w/ ad libs Who dat, who dat? (huh) Who dat, who dat? (hey) Who dat, who dat? (hey) [Verse 1 - J. Cole] Hey, who dat, who dat? That nigga you been waitin fo' I mean, this shit was all bad just +A Week Ago+ Rappers was bullshittin, fuck it, I ain't hatin though 'Cause now a nigga hot enough to fuck with one of Satan hoes And she can't tell the difference, I been through Hell conditions Wishin for air conditioning, feelin God was never listening Now I'm on television and did I fail to mention? Your bitch is tired of missionary, boy you failed the mission Speakin of positions, just witness how I elevate it Real niggaz celebrate it, finger fuck whoever hate it My life accelerated but had to wait my turn Then I redecorated, that mean my tables turned Live life, might as well, only way to learn Is try and fail, clientele, the only way to earn So if you're sellin crack or if you're sellin rap Make sure it's mean, so the fiends keep on trailin back [Chorus - J. Cole] - w/ ad libs Who dat, who dat? Bitch I got that flame Who dat, who dat? Bitch I got that flame Who dat, who dat? Bitch I got that flame So don't worry about my motherfuckin name I got 'em sayin - who dat, who dat? (Cole World) Who dat, who dat? (I got 'em sayin) Who dat, who dat? (Cole World) Who dat, who dat? (hey) [Verse 2 - J. Cole] The mind state of a winner When you thinkin about summertime, I'm thinkin about the winter When you thinkin about breakfast, I'm heatin up my dinner I was plottin this moment back when y'all was ridin spinners Now I'm a menace, God as my witness, with this pen I'm insane, yep Hungry like a nigga who ain't got the taste of fame yet Clown told me "ain't you Roc, well where the fuck your chain at?" Guess it's somethin like your girl nigga, it ain't came yet The man make the chain, chain don't make the man How many niggas do we know with hella ice but yet they lame? The cloth from which we came, me and them is not the same It's like we all headed to Spain, they took the boat, I took the plane Dang, that boy sick, now hoes on his joystick Heatin up like Mayweather dog, I'm on that Floyd shit Boy stick to ya day job, said you was hot, well they lied Is that ya gal? Well I just G'd her/Jeter, no A-Rod [Chorus - J. Cole] - w/ ad libs Who dat, who dat? Bitch I got that flame Who dat, who dat? Bitch I got that flame Who dat, who dat? Bitch I got that flame So don't worry about my motherfuckin name I got 'em sayin - who dat, who dat? (huh) Who dat, who dat? (I got 'em sayin) Who dat, who dat? (Cole World) [Sample of Andre 3000 from OutKast's "SpottieOttieDopalicious"] "Now who else wanna fuck with Hollywood Cole?" [Verse 3 - J. Cole] The little engine that could, this little nigga is good Rappers claimin they sick, I heal niggaz for good A couple y'all ain't took a field trip to the hood Hey me? I'm "Fresh Prince", I'm Will Smith to the hood Baby, ain't sayin names but we not the same All that money and the fame don't change the fact that you lame Might wanna grab you a chain, wanna tip up your hat Might wanna purchase some game homie, your shit is so whack I got my finger on the trigger tell that nigga hold that Boy I'm picture perfect baby you can check the Kodak Hey, so anything you can do, I could do better And any chick you can screw, I could get wetter I'm young, black, gifted, live my life on the run Bet your bottom dollar 'fore I'm done They say that I'm "The One" (huh) Yeah nigga I'm "The One" (ha) I got 'em sayin [Chorus - J. Cole] - w/ ad libs Who dat, who dat? Bitch I got that flame Who dat, who dat? Bitch I got that flame Who dat, who dat? Bitch I got that flame So don't worry about my motherfuckin name I got 'em sayin - who dat, who dat? (Cole World) Who dat, who dat? (I got 'em sayin) Who dat, who dat? (J. Cole) Who dat, who dat? (Cole World nigga) [Outro - J. Cole - talking] Fayette-nam Cole World nigga Hey, Dreamville Cole World nigga, J. Cole The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Cole World: The Sideline Story Song: Daddy's Little Girl * Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com * iTunes Bonus Track [Verse 1 - J. Cole] Hey, her mind is on a different level Plus the teachers couldn't reach her, always been a rebel Hit the club, watch out boy, you're dancin with the Devil She fuck, she suck, she swallow man, it's like a triple-double Can see it in your eyes, ya look for trouble Just because they fuck ya girl, don't mean them niggaz love ya She said "don't preach to me nigga, hold up Is that a bottle on your table? Well if so, then pour it up Bet you I can drink it straight, without even throwin up" She said "Daddy, what you think?" "Little girl, you're growin up, growin up" (hey) [Break - J. Cole] We take a couple of shots and it's on "Bet ya I can drink it straight, without even throwin up" She said "daddy what you think?" "Little girl, you're growin up, growin up" (hey) Listen baby girl, they playin your song ('ong, 'ong', 'ong) [Chorus - J. Cole] Mama couldn't never reach her Brother tried his best to teach her She thinks she's ready for the wwwworld Just look at daddy's little girl Mama couldn't never reach her Brother tried his best to teach her She thinks she's ready for the wwwworld Just look at daddy's little girl Daddy's little girl, daddy's little giiiirl She daddy's little girl, daddy's little girl, daddy's little girl  (girl, girl) [Verse 2 - J. Cole] Can I get a witness? This is Sade mixed with Shawty Lo Aye jezebel, why you be up in every party for? Ya lost and lookin for a savior, I ain't Mario I got no cape but I can't wait to give ya cardio Work ya out, ya call me daddy, ain't my daughter though Make me wonder where your father go? She said "don't analyze me nigga, hold up Is that green on your table? Well if so, then roll it up I can take it to the face, without even throwin up" She said "daddy what you think?" "Little girl, you're growin up, growin up" (hey) [Break - J. Cole] Then blow a couple stacks and she gone Said "I can take it to the face, without even throwin up" She said "Daddy what you think?" "Little girl, you're growin up, growin up" (hey) Listen baby girl, they playin your song ('ong, 'ong', 'ong) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Special Album: Truly Yours EP Song: Can I Holla at Ya Typed by: AZ Lyrics Can I holla at you? Lemme holla at you [Verse 1: Special] Never forget the day I met you We was destined for each other like a Son to his mother or a sister and brother, man this bond is deep We go a couple years and don't even speak, but know it's love though Could never let em' dirty your name I got the utmost respect for you Came back home and had to check for you Word 'round town is you locked down Some older niggas snatched you up gave you a rock now Damn, hey could it be, she like "if you was me you wouldn't wait for me Living fast you wouldn't mash the brakes for me" Big city slicker nigga on a higher track Bigger now but when she send a letter always write her back And time revealed, she feels that she settled too soon While she see me go for mines and she admire that We speak about time as if we could just buy it back If only it was that simple, damn I miss you Can I holla at you Can I holla at you Lemme holla at you Yeah I know its been a while, but ain't no better time than now Can I holla at you Can I holla at you Ay, let me holla at you Yeah I know its been a while, but [Verse 2: J. Cole] You betrayed me The day you played my momma you played me Can't believe I let you in my heart nigga I should've, followed my instincts a stranger in my house Only five years old but sensed danger in my house I was too young too scrap you but damn if I ain't want to I'm blowing up fast and I hope these words haunt you Uh, thirteen years knew you more then my real pops Put me on to 'Pac, and all the rappers that killed cops Who would've thought you'd leave my momma high and dry Last words to a bitch nigga "why you lie?" Feeling bitter so these words might seem jumbled When you left I watched that lady crumble I know by now you probably a old man But I still I feel I won't be satisfied until we throw hands For all the ass whoppin's Heard you tryna' talk to, tell that punk don't call me You ain't shit and I'm scared it rubbed off on me [Verse 3: J. Cole] I heard you on that shit I hope it ain't true Was hard to holla at you last time I came through Could barely recognize you, naw nigga this ain't you Cause you ain't lookin' like that nigga that I once knew And plus you act like you don't know me We was homies, now you call me by my rap name See me do my thing, so you expecting me to act strange Ain't holla'ed but you on my mind nigga I dont forget the good times nigga White tee's in the club, jeans baggy as fuck Sometimes I look back on my life, that was the happiest stuff You had potential to be monumental, ville mentality You know that old kill or be killed mentality I look at where you at now it's a, real fatality Cause where you supposed to be is on top, close to me Chasin' hoes like the old days, But now we overseas, dawg Congratulations on your seat Yo my nigga can I holla at you? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Truly Yours EP Song: Crunch Time Typed by: AZ Lyrics Tick This for my niggas in the fourth quarter Just watchin that clock tick... [Verse 1] Said at what point do you start seein' bread? Been out hustlin' for years, shoe box right under my bed. I moved the work out my momma house got me a lil ol' crib I always fantasized if I had went to college instead. Would I be happily married instead of broke and unwed? My nigga made a major move I said I hope for the best. I told my sister as I kissed her cheek, I'm better off dead. Cuz fuckin' with this white its all been downhill like a sled. Now I understand they say you make your own bed. But tell me who supplied these sheets with this cheap ass thread? In denial 'bout the feds, he can't see past bread. Now do exactly what the man in the ski mask says, okay? These are the times, survival my only crime I gotta be on my grind, a lot of my homies gone. Inside me Lord I know its a lie that we gon' be fine But mama I'm tired of cryin', just lie to me one more time Cuz it's crunch time Cuz it's crunch time Shit real man, a nigga got bills Dog it's crunch time It's crunch time Shit real man, a nigga got bills [Verse 2] Look, scavenge these records of these days, MP3's Looking for the samples to put a nigga on MTV's This is for niggas with empty dreams and empty jeans Still holdin' on to the word maybe Cuz this 9-5 shit is driving you stir crazy Comin home tired just to hear it from your lady Hollin' 'bout your baby, need this and need that And all you want is peace and quiet, Maybe some feedback on these raps Cuz labels ain't hollerin' and niggas ain't downloading Nobody sees your vision, they walkin 'round blindfolded All this time holdin on to possibilities, You step outside, smoke a blunt and then you feel the breeze. Fuck what they talkin'! It ain't like life come often. The only thing worst than death is a regret filled coffin. So try before you die, or always wonder "what if?" I thank the Lord for this wonderful gift. Lookin' for strength in this crunch time. [2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Truly Yours EP Song: Rise Above Typed by: AZ Lyrics Rise above, rise above... And you've got to... Rise above, rise above... [Verse 1] She had her little daughter with her, it was cold out Said "ah, I hate this motherfucker," then she rolled out He ain't answering his phone, she yells "what the fuck?!" Then told her daughter "buckle up, yeah, that's for safety" See she been stressin' lately 'Cause this nigga she done been with for the past two years Is now the current reason for her last few tears She text, he don't text back When she see him she be tryna sex, he don't sex back His heart be on jet black She call, he don't call back, all he say is "fall back" Nigga just need his space, so she headed to his place She just got a call from her homegirl Rhonda Who said he been creepin', he been fuckin' with Yolanda "Yolanda?" "Yeah girl, Yolanda. Told you he ain't shit but you ain't listen, I was tryna" – [Click] – hmmm, hung up that phone and hopped right up in that Honda Headed his crib, she said she fed up with this shit "Thought this time this was the one, thought I got better at this shit" "Pickin' out Mr. Right, stick it out through the fights" "And long nights, for what? These niggas is all alike" She gon' set it off, her daughter gon' witness it all tonight, damn... [Verse 2] She said she just finished school, could barely pay tuition Now she teaches 7th grade, tryna make a difference Aye, but the kids frustrate her, say that they don't listen A ass like that, how the fuck they supposed to pay attention? I'm fuckin' with you, but for real, she say they hopeless A class full of jokesters, creating all the obstacles, impossible to focus Lil' niggas barely read, tryna give them what they need And they don't even try, one little boy, he caught her eye 'Cause he look just like her brother, she be havin' to call his mother But she act like she don't care – what father? He ain't here Now she frustrated, thinkin' that she just made the mistake of her life Underpaid, be havin' to waitress at night Six years of college down the drain, drinkin', tryna drown her pain Party with her girls, feeling sorry for the world 'Cause ain't no hope for the youth, well ain't that the truth When all your role models either rappin' or they hoop, damn... Artist: J. Cole Album: Truly Yours EP Song: Tears For ODB Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] Tears for ODB, drug-induced poetry What's the use? Strung-out from that drug abuse, woe is me 80's baby, so I know my pops was gettin' high In the 90's, me and mama barely gettin' by 2000's I was concentratin' more on gettin' fly Gettin' bitches, gettin' rich to get the shit I couldn't buy You know the story, you know my allegory I was sent from Heaven with a set of horns, they'd better warn y'all I'm here for more than just to kick some witty metaphors, dawg This more of the type of shit you spit to set a war off 'Cause niggas be poor, get money and still don't know Why the fuck they can't cop a house, the system meant to lock us out But I'm knockin' down the door, strapped up with a four-four Robin Hood shit – and yeah, I'm 'hood rich That's good enough to stay in new kicks and a good whip Get good head from a good bitch, I give two shits, I'ma tell you straight up Straight up Straight up – aye, any chance I'ma take it Rather die before I fake it They say life is what you make it, bitch, but I'm just tryna make it Straight up Straight up Straight up – aye, any chance I'ma take it Rather die before I fake it They say life is what you make it, bitch [Verse 2] Lord have mercy on my soul – what I've done and what I've seen My life has tumbled into that which only you could intervene I put my heart in senseless things – money, bitches and street shit Fascinated by beef, sad to say I won't be shit Grew up in this bitch without a pot to piss in, no toilet How ironic, I took a lot of shit, like a bottom bitch Or a model chick, high off coke They lockin' sons up for less, I don't care how y'all cope But yet I still peddle this dope and these pills I'll never know how sittin' comfy on that Oprah seat feels More than likely be on Most Wanted posters, we still Holdin' on to old dreams of bein' Hova, be real We the forgotten souls, bottom of the totem poles Left for dead, some niggas fled, people say they sold their souls I just think they found a better way, Lord knows I never pray But sometimes I be wishin' I could levitate, I'll take it straight up Straight up Straight up – aye, any chance I'ma take it Rather die before I fake it They say life is what you make it, bitch, but I'm just tryna make it Straight up Straight up Straight up – aye, any chance I'ma take it Rather die before I fake it They say life is what you make it, bitch, but I'm just tryna make it Straight up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Truly Yours EP Song: Stay (2009) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] You can drop a "Wet Floor" sign down for the tears God and my court date, the two things I fear Man, they tryna give a nigga years I'm tryna figure if I should even appear, or Should I escape town? Catch a Greyhound Change my name, right – catch a plane flight Out the country, let them ma'fuckas hunt me Come and catch me if you want me Know they'll lock me if I stay But... where I'mma run to? I got a good girl, we got a son too And all we went through, we ain't see eye-to-eye But what you told me way back, you was a ride-or-die So if they give me one, or give me two Or if a nigga gotta sit down and do a few Before I go, baby, I gotta know, what would you do? Would you find someone new or would you stay? Like the hoes when they lay with me? Puppy eyes when I go, sayin' "stay with me" Aw, girl, you bad as Hell And yet I'd love to – But see I got a girl I'm really makin' love to Therefore I'm feelin' a lot more guilty when I rub you That's why I skip all of that kissin' when I fuck you Flush the condom down the toilet then I skate I had you, but you can't have me, I never stay Stay... [Verse 2] Ha! Life in a hometown, 'fore I could take a step I'm gettin' grown now And startin' to notice that I see the same hoes 'round Guess they had to go 'round, my raps is profound I got the flows but yet a nigga ain't got no sound Copped a beat machine, I'm cookin' up my own now Got my mind on the city where it goes down See, if I'mma get to where I'm goin' then I can't stay Although I love it here I'll be damned if I sit around another year Dreamin' dreams, hopin' somehow that they just appear The hardest part of leavin' is to know my mother's here Oh, but I'm comin' back – oh boy, believe that Let's show the lil' niggas, boy, you can achieve that Got the city on my shoulders, piggy back Hello, my name is Cole and I'm here to stay... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Truly Yours 2 EP Song: Cole Summer Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] This right here is not a preview I need to let it go, yeah [Verse 1] Now this right here is not a preview Of what the album goin' to bring you, or nothing like that Sharing things I think quietly, with those that admire me Remember MTV Diaries? This something like that I wear my heart up on my sleeve, and I, bleed for you Cookin' beats hoping' to reach like When I release, trust if you think my shit is weak When you see me on the street, then speak, I refund you This sample was yellin' "loop me!", Ms. Hill please don't sue me Cause I ain't one of these rappers out here frontin' like he got it, nigga I ain't fuckin' got it, nigga... Throwing thousands in the strip club with Drizzy Difference is I'm throwin four, he throwing fifty Lord, forgive me Bitches saying, "you a rappin' nigga, ain't you s'pose to tip more?" I don't see no pussy, baby, ain't you s'pose to strip more? Confessions of a cheap ass nigga But I finally put my Momma in that E class, nigga And I told her quit her job Oh, hold your horses If my next album flops it's back to the post office Both of us, shit They're saying that's a real possibility... The thought alone it's killing me... I think I need to let it go I need to let it go Cause nothing even matters [Verse 2] Anticipating rain, I can't make the same mistakes again Them 90's niggas raped the game And left us with a battered and bruised bitch, with a few kids The pussy loose, but the truth is I love her, though She ain't perfect, but who is? Hoes saying "Cole, you is" don't be silly, ma Cause really I am just a born sinner the opposite of a winner Cole summer, I predict another winter Cause I'm finna, drop knowledge like a five-per-center Fuck the build-a-bird, niggas showing God sent ya Rhyme with the skill, as if Nas when to College on scholarship met 'pac and said "I'm down with ya!" And when they wasn't writing rhymes they fucking lined sisters Puffin' on swishers, what's up Milan? Everytime I drop I get the net poppin' like Lebron swishes Kay told me kill ya, and I gotta respect my Mom's wishes When I let go this how my mind switches No looking back, don't even want to see my prom pictures Pardon the rhyme scheme, I guess I'm long winded Let me switch it now, Back to Hell's kitchen now, Up in Hova office like, he's the fucking principal Put me in with Stargate, that shit was like detention now Just tellin' my story so dissin' ain't my intention now Drop a couple hits and all the dummies pay attention now A shame when you learn the ins and outs of the game Reminisce on little Jermaine, in the south Rappin' out loud, with all the niggas that's cool to you Just to realize that all them niggas was foolin' you And they ain't who they said they was Talk about the streets but, nigga That ain't really where they was Acting just like there they were But who am I to judge? That's neither here or there Just know I know, my nigga I just like being aware If I had one wish, I would fuck Tia and Tamera, At the same time, and put name tags on they titties so I don’t get they names wrong Screamin' "Game on" Like Wayne's World, that just came on I'm rambling now 5 days to finish the album, I'm scramblin' now Took a break from sampling now, Just to say a few words to this bitch named Summer June will make four years since I gave you my number "The Warm Up" dropped, I got hot, you called it a classic And Jay dropped "Autotune", you wanted him back, shit Play my position, the whole while still wishin' A year later Drake put his key in your ignition And I told my fellas, I dropped "Friday Night Lights" in the winter just to make her jealous Wanted to drop the album in the summer but the label didn't think that they could sell it Recoup the first week, I think it ain't shit they can tell us Do you agree? It's been a long time coming this thing between you and me... I can't let it go I can't let it go I think I need to let it go I need to let it go Cause nothing even matters The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Truly Yours 2 EP Song: Chris Tucker Typed by: AZ Lyrics Chris Tucker, money talk motherfucker Chris Tucker, money talk motherfucker Chris Tucker, money talk motherfucker Aye, all you broke niggas be quiet [Verse 1: J Cole] I can't control this urge to fuck hoes and splurge My sidepieces got real jobs, nigga I don't fuck with no birds My main chick she got real hair, ain't never had to shop to get her's Got a neat freak that don't eat meat but goddamn she rocking them furs Ball so hard motherfuckers wanna fine me, now the ho wanna climb me If real recognize real, that's why it took a motherfucker like Hov to sign me Ball so hard I'm the truth nigga, All-Star game catching oops nigga If you a bitch and I'm a bitch, I'm Sheryl Swoopes and you hoops nigga [Verse 2: J Cole] Cole world, safe to say I'm cold blooded In this cold life the more cold you are seem like the more the hoes love you So I book a flight, she land today, she leave tonight with no luggage Got the camera on in my bedroom, shooting video with no budget Only nigga up in first class, old lady tryna be friendly, ay She think I'm in the NBA, why a nigga can't have his MBA? Next time I'm a flip the script, you know, kick some shit that's gon shock her "You so tall what team do u play for?" No bitch I'm a doctor Flow hella proper, Cole never flopped, nah Float like a propeller no helicopter shit Knots thick like a bowlegged chick Stick dick to a gold digger, won't give her dollar Fuck your nine I'm a whole different caliber Nigga say they pop cause they don't fill they collars up Read a book get your knowledge up, book a flight get ya mileage up Bitch nigga... [Verse 3: 2 Chainz] I'm a start off with these four bars I'm in a barbie at a sports bar I'm rockin' gold balls, whoop your ass with this crowbar I'm like "Oh Boy, catch your girl off that rebound" Fix her hair up, get her a re-do Just my car out that paint shop, so I guess that's a mothafuckin re-coupe Let me demonstrate, gotta think about it before I go on a dinner date Might eat a rich bitch, yes I got me expensive taste Got my pockets on full, stomach on full, gun on full, I got full coverage Niggas don't know the full story, I'm smokin on gas, full service Money talk, true story, if you don't got none then don't say shit Banana clips going ape shit, if you don't make money you don't make sense I got gold on my bracelet, got ya girlfriend chasing it Bust a nut in her mouth, so now she can baby sit [Outro: J Cole] This liquor I've been sippin' got me kissing all these models And I might not see tomorrow, I might not see tomorrow Please don't tell my momma I spent tuition on these bottles Just to pay back all these loans man we gon' have to hit the lotto' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Bas Album: Truly Yours 2 EP Song: Cousins Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Bas] They putting prices on heads, silver or lead I pray the scores settle 'fore the devil notice you dead Got me smoking the potent, my eyes open and Otis, they red Thoughts of my eye roam and words that I hoped I had said That aunty sippin on, we missin ya Even tho you gone, your thought alone can lift us up This is us Got some niggas that never call me unless they need something, But I pick up, like, "whassup, what you need cousin?" My niggas know that I love 'em Give 'em roses while they can smell 'em Cause ain't no tellin' who'll be here tomorrow Used to borrow your digital scale Flippin' them sales But now it's digital dash while you're still in the past Boy, trust me when I tell you, the picture got much bigger The swishers and dutch fill up Bitches in lust with us Momma would dissapprove, losing my way Lost in the sauce, this bolognese is so amazing Had a talk and she remark: "you so engaging" Running game, it's all the same I'm growing jaded Had a couple things in common, like Lonnie Lynn But I'm too faded for conversatin' I'm sittin' here contemplatin' [Chorus x2: J Cole] Time keeps slipping away, away Another day another love song, hey Another day another love song, hey [Verse 2: J Cole] Yeah Cousin in jail again, asking me for bail again Close when I was 12, but I was much frailer then He was like 16, a nigga from the gutter and Years ago his favorite uncle had married my mother and Here we are, runnin' through the Ville like dumb and dumber and For that summer man I swear I wish you was my brother then Well time passed and we fell off cause you moved back home Little did you know Jermaine done grew a new back bone Niggas thought he wouldn't make it 'till he proved that wrong 12 years later on the radio that Who Dat song Your homeboy bumps the Warm Up now you buggin' Cause you looking at the cover and you say "Yo that's my cousin" And niggas looking at you like you lying but you wasn't Next thing I know you blowing up my line all a sudden And I'm showing love saying "yo look what I did, Man, nobody coming from here ever did this shit this big" But now you saying "Man enough about you, Shit what about me, my nigga what about me? Oh you forgot about me?" Saying "Niggas showed you how to rap, now you don't know how to act Boy I'm at the bottom you could pull a nigga out of that Put me in a video, yo put me on your hottest track Bring me on the road with you, you know 'cause got yo back And I'm strapped up if them niggas act up See you headed to the top you need to let me catch up Please let me catch up Won't you let me catch up man" "I'll see you when I see you Harsh as it seems to say, I wouldn't want to be you Bail you out for your daughter and I pray to God A nigga never pull your card or she won't ever get to see you" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Truly Yours 2 EP Song: 3 Wishes Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yeah grew up with killers, I didn't know they was killers We was just together man, playing Mega Man on Sega man Your mama loved me to death, she reminded me of Afeni Yeah real black queen If I had a genie I wish that she ain't struggle no more Y'all wouldn't have to go to sleep with all the roaches if she wasn't so poor You told me when you came to my house This shit was like a timeout from reality One night you asked me what I'm crying about 'Cause you was staying over for the weekend I woke up from out my sleep When I heard mama and my stepfather beefin I don't know if he been drinkin But I know this shit got loud and I heard rumbling from struggling And rolling on the ground Could never get used to that sound My mama saying get off me My tears is tumbling now I wish that you never saw me 'Cause I felt like a coward, so powerless I was only 12 I wish I would'be bust through that door my fucking self And grab the Glock right off the fucking shelf If nothing else scared a nigga shitless There goes two of my wishes Forever scarred, determined to get some heart No matter how big the nigga, no matter how small you are Fast-forward to our older years Two different paths You used to talk to me about college but that shit didn't last Waste of potential, getting cash, what could I say? So tired of not having things, you never see it my way Too proud to fold Your demise One day to my surprise, my nigga called me, told me you just caught a body twice your size I asked if it was self defense, he said it was defense of pride And that they trying to give you ten, but if you lucky you'll do five damn Not my nigga The same one that told me that things always get better Just trust me, don't cry my nigga The news call him a killer, but he my nigga Sad shit Ay yo genie last wish, free my nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Born Sinner Song: Villuminati Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com ("I'm a born sinner, but I die better than that - swear") [Intro] It's way darker this time.. Heh.. Hehehehehaha... Sometimes I brag like Hov ("Born sinner, the opposite of a winner" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Born Sinner Song: Kerney Sermon (Skit) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Kerney Thomas] I'm just thankful 18 years of suffering gone just like that You been suffering 18 years yourself You been going through pure hell but it can be over just like that This is pastor Kerney Thomas and I literally have tens of thousands across the country That were hurting for God to heal them And God could work a miracle for them All you gotta do is either log on to our website Or you can dial the toll-free number And place your order right there For the Personal Prayer Package I want you quickly, to place that order right now For the Personal Prayer Package Pick up the telephone right now I said pick up the phone right now You're past due a miracle The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Born Sinner Song: Land of the Snakes Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] This the shit I used to roll down Lewis Street with Lord, know some hoes from the past like "Damn Cole, wish I knew that you would be rich" Well, should've asked It's funny how these niggas on some real "Be cool with me" shit I bagged two bitches like it's two of me bitch This the shit I used to roll down Lewis Street with Finally got my own bedroom in this bitch No more sleeping in my brother's room Like man I might as well be sleeping in my mother's room Cause how I'm supposed to sneak hoes with my bro here? Plus she gon' find out I been rocking all this old gear This is flow here, this is no fair This is so pure, this is so clear This is one breath, this is no air Ain't no wedding and I do the most here I'm the President you the co-chair You the player, yeah, I'm the coach here Nigga I coast here That's why they got me set up on this West Coast here Avoiding the snakes, AK's, and coke yeah Get my dick wet but I never let it soak there Man I been thinkin' bout movin' out What? Country boy in the city in New York nine years Ran that shit like Diddy Riding through South Side Queens like Fiddy Nothing's impossible And all you lame niggas show me what not to do I met a real bad bitch in the club tonight She told me, "Watch the snakes cause they watching you" I told her, "Aw baby don't stop! I ain't looking for the way to your heart!" She said, "You 'bout to miss church" while she riding me I like my Sundays with a cherry on top Make that ass drop Make that ass drop Make that ass drop Make that ass drop [Verse 2] Now if you only had one wish is it devious? Cause you already know who your genie is Can't get a cover now your mag on my penis Like damn he turned out to be a genius Damn real shit nigga no Pixar You niggas soft like Meagan Good's lips are My kicks hard, my whip hard I came out the womb with my dick hard Back when I was playing Stomp the Yard It be a bunch of niggas up on campus talking hard Don't get exposed to these hoes, boy, knock it off I seen your mama in a Benz when she dropped you off Damn now who more thorough than me? I paint a picture of my pain for the world to see Could paint a picture of the game but my girl would see Gotta ask myself, "What mean the world to me?" Nothing's impossible And all you lame niggas show me what not to do I met a real bad bitch in the club tonight She told me, "Watch the snakes cause they watching you" I told her, "Aw baby don't stop! I ain't looking for the way to your heart!" She said, "You 'bout to miss church" while she riding me I like my Sundays with a cherry on top Make that ass drop Make that ass drop Make that ass drop Make that ass drop [Verse 3] This the shit I used to roll down Lewis Street with A little Fayettenam nigga out in Beverly Hills That's when I ran into this chick I went to college with Yeah back when a nigga was on scholarship Was in a rush but I still stopped to holla, shit That's the least I owed her cause see I tried to hit On the first night, nah I ain't proud of it I boned her in my dorm room and kicked her out of it And I never called back, how thoughtfuless Now I'm standing in the streets tryna politic with her In her mind she calling me a misogynist nigga On some Bobby Brown shit my prerogative nigga is to hit and never commit Now realizing when I hit she never forgets So every time I ignore the telephone call Saying I'll hit her back knowing I'm never gon' call She was hurting, now she staring dead in my face, she was smirking Like, "Yeah I remember and nah you ain't worth shit, nigga You ain't worth shit, nigga" This the shit I used to roll down Lewis Street with The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Miguel Album: Born Sinner Song: Power Trip Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com (*J. Cole harmonizes*) [Intro - J. Cole] - w/ ad libs Got me up all night, all I'm singin is love songs She got me up all night, constant drinkin and love songs She got me up all night, down and out with these love songs She got me up all night, drownin out with these love songs She got me up all night (yeah), all I'm singin is love songs She got me up all night (yeah), constant drinkin and love songs She got me up all night (yeah), down and out with these love songs She got me open all night (uh huh), got me open all night (hey) [Verse 1 - J. Cole] Okay, back when I was sleepin in my mama crib Or even back when I was up there in Muhammad crib Payin seventeen-hundred for the rent, money well spent No heater, but a nigga made heat, may I vent Had a thing for you, even wrote the song +Dreams+ for you 'Cause I had dreams for you, thoughts of a ring for you Childish shit, you know childish shit Anonymous flowers sent, you know coward shit Now a nigga signed to Hov, took a power trip Back home I'm grown now and this city's my throne now (ha) The same clubs that I used to get tossed out Life got crisscrossed, totally crossed out 'Cause now I'm in this bitch and I'm totally bossed out Old chicks cryin 'cause they know that they lost out But, I'm still on you, I'm still on you My drink spill on me, while I feel on you (I'm sayin) [Break - Miguel] Would you believe me if I said I'm in love? Baby, I want you, to want me Would you believe me if I said I'm in love? Baby, I want ya [Chorus - J. Cole] - w/ ad libs And we are, we are, we are Got me up all night And we are, we are, we are All I'm singin is love songs And we are, we are, we are Got me up all night And we are, we are, we are (she got me) We are, we are, we are (she got me) [Verse 2 - J. Cole] Well this is gotta be the longest crush ever If I ever get to fuck, it'd be the longest bust ever Love is a drug, like the strongest stuff ever And, fuck it I'm on one, you feel me? She on a power trip, she got me where she want a nigga Wifin in the club, man my homies' gon' disown a nigga Like, give me twenty dollar, dollar Ass stupid, how you get to college, college I'm in your city and I'm wonderin if you're home now Went and found a man, but I'm hopin you alone now Can't help but feelin like I dropped the ball, cliche I used to pop up on you at the mall each day Now typically I kick game like Eastbay But you got a nigga freeze-framed yellin - "please play!" For Pete's sake, homie pull it together Just fuck her one time and be through it forever (but) [Break - Miguel] Would you believe me if I said I'm in love? Baby, I want you, to want me Would you believe me if I said I'm in love? Baby, I want ya, yeah! [Chorus - J. Cole] - w/ ad libs And we are, we are, we are Got me up all night And we are, we are, we are All I'm singin is love songs And we are, we are, we are Got me up all night And we are, we are, we are (she got me) We are, we are, we are (she got me) [Outro - J. Cole] - w/ ad libs Got me up all night (all night), all I'm singin is love songs She got me up all night (all night), constant drinkin and love songs She got me up all night (all night), down and out with these love songs She got me up all night (all night), drownin out with these love songs She got me up all night (yeah), all I'm singin is love songs She got me up all night (yeah), constant drinkin and love songs She got me up all night (yeah), down and out with these love songs She got me open all night (uh huh), got me open all night (hey) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Born Sinner Song: Mo Money (Interlude) Typed by: AZ Lyrics Mo money, yeah Mo money, blow money, show money Party money, side ho money, dope money New clothes money from shit that I wrote money So much money I don't know who stole from me Hard to keep track I'm used to having no money Still broke compared to niggas with old money I mean the type of niggas that laugh at Hov money Billionaires with Petroleum and coal money Probably kill themselves if the had Cole money Talk shit and I'ma see you like you owe money I'm wrapping up the album, fourth quarter I'm so money I'm overseas looking for trees to grow money Peter Popper off robbing people for hope money Prostitutes collecting that let me stroke money Put up a couple dollars for the liquor store money Used to dread the strip club cause I couldn't throw money Now the strippers give a nigga the throat for no money How mama gonna teach you how to save your money When she barely on the boat got stay afloat money Blacks always broke cause we don't know money Spend it before we get it and could never hold money No wallets, nah, nigga we'd rather fold money Money control niggas, white man control money Laughing like "yeah yeah my nigga, get your money" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Born Sinner Song: Trouble Typed by: AZ Lyrics I said set it off on my left, set it off on my right I said liquor all in my breath, bitches all in my sight I said real niggas trying to fuck, fuck niggas wanna fight I said gun shots into the air, but I ain't scared for my life [Verse 1] Yeah, god flow Paint a picture like a young Pablo, Picasso Niggas say I live fast, die young, so I drive slow And pray I die old In the drop with the top low Met a bad bitch from Chicago, my hat wasn't cocked, yo Kept it straight, shit, cause y'all know And if not, you'll learn how them niggas in the Chi go I ain't fuck her but I'm thinkin' 'bout it My niggas say why you gotta think about it? The bitch want too much, hit my phone too much If I gotta be frank about it, ain't worth the stress First the text, then the draws, see first the sex Then it's calls cause the bird's obsessed Want flowers, cards, and the purses next Nah, bitch can't get a dollar Cole on twitter, bitch can't get a follow Can get a nut, heard Can't Get Enough Now she fuck a nigga thinkin' that she may hit the lotto No way Jose, could write a book called "The Things Hoes Say" Show a lot of love to my sisters though But these bitches so predictable I'm in trouble Gettin' to the promised land You don't want problems, I promise man I take you to the promise land You don't want problems, I promise man I said set it off on my left, set it off on my right I said liquor all in my breath, bitches all in my sight I said real niggas trying to fuck, fuck niggas wanna fight I said gun shots into the air, but I ain't scared for my life [Verse 2] And I'm going back to school Only for the hoes and a class or two Young bad bitch made the pastor drool Everybody sweat her like Catholic school Sat next to her in the back of the class Cheated off her test and I'm grabbin' her ass She like "Don't you know this shit already? Nigga ain't you rich already?" Yeah, but I got dumb as shit Hangin' 'round these rappers cause they dumb as shit But I'm back on track, jumpshot wasn't that good Couldn't sell crack but I rap good That's one stereotype, know a lot of niggas that'll marry your type Bad bitch with a degree, I let 'em scoop ya I'm Koopa, I never been the Mario type No saving hoes I ain't fooled cause a lot of cool bitches that a nigga went to school with is major hoes And they mans don't know, they mans don't know, fo sho Had a nigga baby, little mans don't know Momma was a freak, got it in on the low 12 years later when my song come on, he ask "Momma did you fuck J. Cole?" Whoa Gettin' to the promised land You don't want problems, I promise man I take you to the promise land You don't want problems, I promise man I said set it off on my left, set it off on my right I said liquor all in my breath, bitches all in my sight I said real niggas trying to fuck, fuck niggas wanna fight I said gun shots into the air, but I ain't scared for my life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Born Sinner Song: Runaway Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: sample of Mike Epps' stand-up from "Under Rated & Never Faded"] Married men act totally different when they're by themselves, don't they? You see 'em with their wife, "What's up Tony?" "Hey man, how's everything going brother?"  Aw just taking it easy, hanging out with the old lady.  Alright, God bless you, take it easy now, alright." Be like that nigga ain't like that! You see him by himself, "What's up Tony?" "HEY, where's the bitches at nigga?! Where's the bitches?!" [J. Cole] Yeah, give me my space, Lord ain't enough time to chase all these dreams, knahmean, I got no time to wait Love my girl but I told her straight up, "Don't wait up" Stumble home late, I'm drunk, we fucked then made up Used to livin free as a bird but now I'm laid up Feelin like a nigga got handcuffs on How the fuck did my life become a damn love song? She ride for a nigga and she stand up for him But a nigga wan' be a nigga, be a nigga Ride through the streets with freaks and real niggaz She'll never understand what it's like to be a man knowin when you look inside yourself, you see a nigga And you don't wanna let her down But you too young for the settle down And maybe you can thug it out, learn what is love about When you can't live with her and you can't live without Aw shit, God damn, I think the devil got his hands on me Strippers sayin, "Baby won't you throw them bands on me?" And I came to spend She pop a molly let the motherfuckin games begin I'm runnin [Chorus: J. Cole] Runaway, runaway, runaway, runaway I'm holdin on desperately Runaway, runaway, runaway, runaway I'm holdin on [J. Cole] When it's all said and done everybody dies In this life ain't no happy endings, only pure beginnings followed by years of sinnin and fake repentance The preachers say that we were made in image of Lord To which I replied, "Are you sure? Even the murderer? Even the whore? Even the nigga runnin through bitches on tour?" With a good girl at home foldin clothes and shit She losin faith in him and he knows it, shit Like what the fuck is a break? Don't know how much I can take no more I give you all I got 'til it ain't no more No more tears, it's been ten long years damn near I don't know if I can wait no more And, who could blame her? You complain a-bout every time you out, you come back, she pout Sleepin back to back, this is wack, we 'bout to go platinum and I'm in the crib actin out my childhood fantasies of, wife and home But it's a whole lot of actresses I'd like to bone And despite the rumors you hold out, on account of your guilt That she has got to spend her nights alone And she +Ryde or Die+, like Eve and 'em Make home-cooked meals every evening And even in your lowest days When you're no longer Superman at least you know you got Lois Lane But you [J. Cole] Yeah, unbelievable, seen evil/Evel that not even Knievel know At age 3 I knew this world was three below Listen, even though my ego low achieve the unachievable Imaginin my confidence was halfway decent yo This +Just-in+, fuck more bitches than Bieber though Still I keep it low, got my niggaz on a need-to-know basis, my manager back in the days was racist I was a young boy, passin skates and tuckin laces Old perverted white man who told me, "Jermaine It's all pink on the inside, fuck what color they face is" Wise words from an indecent man Made me reflect on them times when we was three-fifths of them In chains and powerless, brave souls reduced to cowardice Slavin in the bakin sun for hours just to see the master creep into the shack where your lady at Nine months later got a baby, that's not quite what you, expected but you refuse to neglect it, cause you know your wifey love you, thus you refuse to accept it That's that type shit that turn my granny light-skinned Rich white man rule the nation still Only difference is we all slaves now, the chain's concealed in our thoughts, if I follow my heart to save myself Could I run away from 50 mil' like Dave Chappelle? You know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Amber Coffman Album: Born Sinner Song: She Knows Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: J. Cole] She knows She knows, hey [Interlude: sample of "Bad Things" performed by Cults] Bad things happen to the people you love And you find yourself praying up to Heaven above But honestly I've never had much sympathy Cause those bad things, I always saw them coming for me I'm gonna run run away, run run away, run away Run away and never come back Run run away, run run away, run away Show 'em that your color is black [J. Cole] Oh I, oh I-I-I Well alright, oh I, oh I-I-I Well alright Damned if I do, damned if I don't You know I got a girl back home, you got a man what you want, what you want? +What These Bitches Want+ from a nigga? On some DMX shit I know them other niggaz love trickin, on some BMX shit But not me, now I'm sure you done heard 'bout me A +Black Star+, Mos Def, Kweli Good so them bad hoes try me, they try me This is Martin Luther King in the club, gettin dubs With a bad bitch in his ear sayin that she down for whatever In the back of his mind is Coretta [Chorus One: J. Cole] And she knows, she knows And I know she knows, and I know she knows And deep down she knows, she knows And I know she knows, and I know she knows [Chorus Two: J. Cole + Amber Coffman] Well alright, oh I, oh I-I-I I can't be what you want from me Well alright, oh I, oh I-I-I I can't be what you want from me Well alright [Interlude] - during both Choruses [J. Cole] Damned if I do (shit) damned if I don't I'm passin up on bad hoes, tryin to be the man that she want, what she want? What, what she want from a nigga? To put a ring on it Got a bitch on my dick right now, and she just wanna sing on it Got me up so high, tryin to get a piece of that apple pie I be up so high, tryin to get a piece of that apple pie Dancehall vibe with my pants on fire cause I told her I was sleep As I creep with this pretty young thing that I chose And she could be doin the same thing I suppose [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [Interlude] - during both Choruses [J. Cole] A nigga say turn up, hoes say turn up Only bad thing 'bout a star is they burn up Niggaz say turn up, hoes say turn up Only bad thing 'bout a star is they burn up Rest in peace to Aaliyah Rest in peace to Left Eye (Left Eye) Michael Jackson I'll see ya Just as soon as I die (I die) Got me up so high, tryin to get a piece of that apple pie I be up so high, tryin to get a piece of that apple pie Got me up so high, tryin to get a piece of that apple pie I be up so high, tryin to get a piece of that apple pie [Chorus Two] [Interlude] - latter half during Chorus Two {*instrumental for 31 seconds*} [Outro: Amber Coffman - repeat 4X] Runaway, runaway, faaaaaast Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Born Sinner Song: Rich Niggaz Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: J. Cole] Aiyyo, aiyyo Aiyyo, uh, aiyyo, uh Aiyyo, aiyyo Aiyyo, uh, yeah [J. Cole] I hate rich niggaz, God damnit Cause I ain't never had a lot damnit Who you had to kill? Who you had to rob? Who you had to fuck just to make it to the top damnit? Or maybe that's daddy money Escalator no ladder money, Escalade new Caddy money Worst fear goin broke cause I'm bad with money Crooked smile, nigga momma never had the money Damn... I ain't trippin Nigga Jordan, I ain't Pippen Yeah, up the steps, I ain't slippin Tears, blood, sweat, and I ain't Crip'n Here's, a song you can sing along with when you down on some let-you-know-you-ain't-alone shit When your momma ain't at home cause she got a second job deliverin pizzas, you think she out here gettin robbed Please God watch her, I know how niggaz do Half cracker but a nigga too Talkin all that shit 'bout your step-pops How he was a dog, now look at you I ain't bad as that nigga Plus dawg I'm a grown man now, I ain't mad at that nigga But if a plane crashed, and it only killed his lame ass I'll be glad it's that nigga, nigga Did Kay dirty now it's back to broke Refund checks, used that to float Momma gets depressed, falls in love with the next maniac on crack, use that to cope Make a nigga smoke a whole sack of dope Writin rhymes tryin bring back the hope Try to ride the storm out and crash the boat Coulda drowned but I grabbed the rope [Chorus: J. Cole] And there go you, and there go you And there go you, sellin me dreams and tellin me things you knew And there go you, and there go you And there go you, sellin me dreams and tellin me things you knew Sing - you got what I want, I got what you need How much for your soul and uh, how much for your soul and uh You got what I want, I got what you need How much for your soul and uh, how much for your soul and uh [J. Cole] Yeah, I hate rich niggaz, God damnit Cause I ain't never had a lot damnit Niggaz can't front on the flows you got But e'ry fuckin verse how much dough you got Homie, don't quit now Hear my shit and try and switch now Know you felt the shit just now Know you felt that shit just now Ha - ain't there more to you? Don't it ever get boring to you? I realize deep down you a coward gettin high off of power, fuck it more to you Saw through you and it made me ashamed that I played the game Not for +Mo' Money+ like Damon Wayans Wanted the respect but it came with fame I just wanted love but this ain't the same I took a train down memory lane And watched little Jermaine do his thang before he made a name It's like Sony signed Basquiat, he gave it all he got and now the nigga don't paint the same Damn... I guess he can't complain All the money that be rainin in Spend a hundred thou' for the chain again Think of old school niggaz like Dana Dane Probably kill for another claim to fame, my brain the same Yeah nigga, at least he ain't insane At least he ain't insane You ain't crazy muh'fucker, you just afraid to change Damn... that's new ... maybe that's true But listen here, I got a bigger fear one day that I become you and I become lost and I become heartless And numb from all the ménages Just one bitch don't feel the same no more And Henny don't really kill the pain no more Now I'm Cobain with a shotgun aimed at my brain cause I can't maintain no more Tad bit extreme, I know Money can't save your soul [Chorus] w/ minor variations The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Kendrick Lamar Album: Born Sinner Song: Forbidden Fruit Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: J. Cole] + (Kendrick) Me and my bitch, took a little trip Down to the garden, took a little dip (oh no) Apple juice fallin from her lips Took a little sip (boom) little sip Took a little sip, took a little sip Took-took a little, took a little, took a little sip, uh Uh-huh [J. Cole] Aiyyo I walk through the valley of the shadow of death Where niggaz hold tec's like they mad at the ref That's why I keep a cross on my chest, either that or a vest Do you believe, that Eve had Adam in check? And if so, you gotta expect to sip juice from the forbidden fruit and get LOOSE Huh, Cole is the king, most definite My little black book thicker than the old testament Niggaz pay for head but the pussy's sold separate Same bitch givin brains to the minister The same reason they call Mr. Cee "The Finisher" Forbidden fruit, watch for the Adam's apple Slick with words, don't hate me son What you eat don't make me shit and who you fuck don't make me cum Put a price on my head won't make me run Try to kill me but it cain't be done Cause my words gon' live forever You put two and two together Cole here forever [Chorus: Kendrick Lamar] + (J. Cole) Me and my bitch, took a little trip Down to the garden, took a little dip - oh no Apple juice fallin from her lips Took a little sip - boom Bitches, come and, go (you know that) Money, come and, go (you know that) Love, come and, go (don't shit last) Bitches, come and, go (you know that) Money, come and, go (you know that) Love, come and, go (don't shit last) [J. Cole] Take a seat baby girl you've been all in my mind I know I ain't called, gotta pardon my grind Just copped a Maroon 5, no Adam Le-vine Came a man by myself, only Father was Time I know that she relate, baby daddy ain't shit So she raised that nigga kids but she's swallowin mine And that's why you all in my mind All on my line like caller number nine Cause a nigga poppin like Harlem in the nine-seven Way before Ma$e was a reverend I was a young nigga makin A's at 11 or 12, tryin to get a taste of the heaven or hell; only time gon' tell Fuck her while her momma home, "Baby don't yell" How many records do a nigga gotta sell just to get the cover of the double-X-L or Fader; FUCK ya magazine hater When I say that I'm the greatest I ain't talkin 'bout later I'ma drop the album same day as Kanye Just to show the +Boy's+ a +Man+ now like Wanyá And I don't mean no disrespect I praise legends but this what's next The boy's sick, can't disinfect Life's a bitch and the pussy's wet My clip is loaded and this is the kiss of, death Blaow~! [Outro: J. Cole] Don't shit last, and you know that Went to hell got hot didn't melt Only man above me is God himself All these other niggaz is below me Word to Phife, Q-Tip, Ali and Jarobi What up Queens? Cole is the King and you know that Started with a +Dollar and a Dream+ and you know that Never give a bird bitch a ring, you should know that Bitch, biatch! That should be my new ad lib Biatch! I got a new one I finally got a cool ad lib Like some cool shh like biatch! Be at all the shows everybody be like, biatch! Biatch! Biatch! Or you can do the low cool shit, bitch~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Born Sinner Song: Chaining Day Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] Look at me, pathetic nigga, this chain that I bought You mix dream pain and fame, this is heinous result Let these words be the colors I'm just paintin' my heart I'm knee-deep in the game and it ain't what I thought Copped the Range Rover, my girl got the Mercedes Iced out crazy I wanna shine like Baby Compared to that nigga, I ain't even got a bib yet Truth be told I ain't even bought a crib yet This is everything they told a nigga not to do Image is everything I see, it got a lot to do With the way people perceive, and what they believe Money short so this jewelry is like a weave Meant to deceive and hear niggas say I see you Now bitches wanna fuck you and niggas wanna be you And police wanna stop you, frisk you wonder what he do If a hater snatch yo chain, I bet it still won't free you Cause I'll be right back grinding 'til I cop another I sit and think about all this shit I coulda copped my mother My partner said that's just the game my nigga So I heard my jeweler say, here go your chain my nigga This is chaining day (I need you to love me, love me) Chaining day, oh my chaining day (I need you to love me, love me) My chaining day My last piece, I swear, my guilt heavy as this piece I wear They even iced out Jesus' hair My last piece, I swear, they even iced out Jesus' hair [Verse 2] Ice on this white Jesus seem a little unholy The real strange thing about this iced out Rolly It's the same shit a broke black nigga get gassed at The same shit a rich white mo'fucka laugh at Well laugh on white man, I ain't paid as you But I bet your rims ain't the same age as you And I ain't got no investment portfolio But my black and white diamonds shinin' like a Oreo I know back home where niggas sit today He rock a chain and he always got some shit to say Even back when I was broke I knew his shit was fake He'd prolly sneeze too hard and his shit could break But hey, you know the sayin', "Fake it 'til you make it" Me, I did the opposite, made it then I faked it And actin' like I gave a fuck, money I was savin' up To buy a crib that's gated to that hundred racks, I gave it up For what (I need you to love me, love me) Chaining day, oh my chaining day (I need you to love me, love me) My chaining day My last piece, I swear, my guilt heavy as this piece I wear They even iced out Jesus' hair My last piece, I swear, they even iced out Jesus' hair [Outro] Lord This is the last time Told my accountant, it's the last time I swear this is the last time I know that I said that shit last time But this the last time Mama I swear this is the last time So don't take my chains from me This is the last time Cause I chose this slavery This is the last time Don't take my chains from me This is the last time Cause I love this slavery I need you to love me, love me, love me... I said this is my last time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Born Sinner Song: Ain't That Some Shit (Interlude) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [J. Cole] Okay I lied, uh-huh Motherfucker try and say I can't come to the hood, true lie See I would but I'm out in Dubai When I get back I'ma roll through that Snatch yo' bitch, give yo' niggaz dap The hood gon' ballistic "Cole was here and you missed it That nigga walk like Obama man Shake yo' momma hand and then kissed it" This pimp shit, this pimp shit Cole hard, you limp dick My flow hard, no wimp shit Put in that work, no temp shit Yo' bitch wearin that lipstick Gave this dick a french kiss That nigga's so wack when the bitch came back He kissed her hopin that it get him sick Ha, ain't that some shit? Well paid from this rappin shit Ville made it to the map and shit Niggaz move 'caine like Kappa shit Can't map this shit From no bedsprings in my mattresses To fuckin these bad little actresses I'm bad as shit, ha [Chorus: J. Cole] I got that work, say what? My flow, say what? My bitches, say what? You cold, say what? I said say what, ain't that some shit? Well paid from this rappin shit Say what, ain't that some shit? Well paid from this rappin shit Say what, ain't that some shit? Well paid from this rappin shit Say what, ain't that some shit? Bitch~! Bounce, bounce, bounce Bounce (bounce) bounce (bounce) Bounce (bounce) bounce [J. Cole] Flow, flow, flow, flow Flow tight, put a nigga in a headlock Fuck hoes out of wedlock, make her bed rock Red hot, so they got red dots Pullin that trigger nigga better be a head shot Money long like dreadlocks, shit If you send shots then you bet' not miss For a couple G's, send a couple G's Fuck coppin pleas, Matlock shit (Testify) I gotta testify Came through humble so it's best if I explain the newer shit, rockin jewels shit Got the full clip, cock and pull shit Stop the bullshit, watch the flow How you gon' stop the unstoppable? Keep niggaz on they toes, no Dr. Scholl's It's the Roc bitch, rock and roll [Outro: J. Cole] My nigga Syience killed this motherfuckin beat man Huh, bounce The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ TLC Album: Born Sinner Song: Crooked Smile Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: TLC] On my way, on my way, on my way down On my way, on my way, on my way down You're the one that was tryin to keep me way down But like the sun know you know I found my way back 'round [J. Cole] Uh, they tell me I should fix my grill cause I got money now I ain't gon' sit around and front like I ain't thought about it A perfect smile is more appealin but it's funny how my shit is crooked, look at how far I done got without it I keep my twisted grill just to show the kids it's real We ain't picture perfect but we worth the picture still I got smart, I got rich, and I got bitches still And they all look like my eyebrows, thick as hell Love yourself girl, or nobody will Oh you a woman? I don't know how you deal with all the pressure to look impressive and go out in heels, I feel for ya Killin yourself to find a man that'll kill for ya You wake up, put makeup on Stare in the mirror but it's clear that you can't face what's wrong No need to fix what God already put his paint brush on Your roommate yellin, "Why you gotta take so long?" What it's like to have a crooked smile ... This crooked smile [J. Cole] Yeah, to all the women with the flaws, know it's hard my darling You wonder why you're lonely and your man's not callin You keep fallin, victim cause you're insecure And when I tell you that you're beautiful you can't be sure Cause he don't seem to want you back and it's got you askin So all you see is what you lackin, not what you packin Take it from a man that loves what you got And baby girl you're a star, don't let 'em tell you you're not Now is it real? Eyebrows, fingernails, hair Is it real? If it's not, girl you don't care Cause what's real, is somethin that the eyes can't see That the hands can't touch, that them broads can't be And that's you, never let 'em see you frown And if you need a friend to pick you up I'll be around And we can ride with the windows down, the music loud I can tell you ain't laughed in a while But I wanna see that crooked smile [Interlude: TLC] + (J. Cole) (Crooked, crooked, crooked smile, we could style on 'em) Back 'round (crooked smile, we could style on 'em) You are the one that was tryin to keep me way down But like the sun know you know I found my way back 'round [J. Cole] We don't look nothin like them people on the screen You know them movie stars, picture perfect beauty queens But we got dreams and we got the right to chase 'em Look at the nation, that's a crooked smile braces couldn't even straighten Seem like half the race is either on probation or in jail, wonder why we inhale Cause we in hell already, I asked if my skin pale Would I then sell like Eminem or Adele? But one more time for the 'Ville And fuck all of that beef shit, nigga let's make a mil' Hey officer man we don't want nobody gettin killed Just open up that cell, let my brother out of jail I got money for the bail now, well now If you askin will I tell now? Hell naw I ain't snitchin cause, man they give them niggaz stitches now If you was around then you wouldn't need a witness now How you like this crooked smile? ... That crooked smile [Interlude] [Outro: choir] Oooooooooooooooooh {*4X*} La-la-la, la-la-la, la-la-la-la {*4X*} On my way, on my way, on my way down On my way, on my way, on my way down You are the one that was tryin to keep me way down But like the sun I know you know I found my way back 'round Back 'round... You are the one that was tryin to keep me way down But like the sun I know you know I found my way back 'round Back 'round... You are the one that was tryin to keep me way down But like the sun I know you know I found my way back 'round The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Born Sinner Song: Let Nas Down Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] Freedom or jail, clips inserted A baby's bein' born, same time a man is murdered The beginning and end, as far as rap goes It's only natural, I explain my plateau And also what defines my name Yeah, long live the idols, may they never be your rivals Pac was like Jesus, Nas wrote the Bible Now what you're 'bout to hear's a tale of glory and sin No I.D. my mentor now let the story begin [Verse 1] I used to print out Nas raps and tape 'em up on my wall My niggas thought they was words, but it was pictures I saw And since I wanted to draw, I used to read 'em in awe Then he dropped Stillmatic, rocked the cleanest Velour Fast forward, who'da thought that I would meet him on tour? I'm earnin' stripes now nigga, got Adidas galore Backstage I shook his hand, let him know that he's the man When he said he was a fan it was too hard to understand No time to soak up the moment though, cause I was in a jam Hov askin' where's the record that the radio could play And I was strikin' out for months, 9th inning feeling fear Jeter under pressure, made the biggest hit of my career But at first, that wasn't clear, niggas had no idea Dion called me when it dropped, sounded sad but sincere Told me Nas heard your single and he hate that shit Said you the one, yo why you make that shit? I can't believe I let Nas down Damn, my heart sunk to my stomach, I can't believe I let Nas down I got defensive on the phone, resentment was in my tone, fuck it Long live the idols, may they never be your rivals Pac was like Jesus, Nas wrote the Bible Now what you're 'bout to hear's a tale of glory and sin No I.D. my mentor now let the story begin [Verse 2] I couldn't help but think that maybe I had made a mistake I mean, you made "You Owe Me" dog, I thought that you could relate But while I shot up the charts, you mean tellin' me That I was not up to par, when I followed my heart Granted, my heart was tainted by my mind, I kept on sayin' Where's the hits? You ain't got none You know Jay would never put your album out without none And dog, you know how come Labels are archaic, formulaic with their outcomes They don't know, they just study the charts Me, I study the shows, the fans, study their hearts I had a feelin' I was killin', and this music we were spillin' out Would change lives forever, fuck the label, put it out Friday Night Lights blew, that was classic number 2 Now it seemed as if the Nas comparisons was comin' true Still no release date from the label, are they insane? Coach told me play the game to change the game but on the way I let Nas down, I got no one to blame, I'm ashamed I let Nas down But this is God's plan, you could never understand, fuck it Long live the idols, may they never be your rivals Pac was like Jesus, Nas wrote the Bible Now what you're 'bout to hear's a tale of glory and sin No I.D. my mentor now let the story begin [Verse 3] I always believed in the bigger picture If I could get them niggas to listen outside my core then I can open a door Reintroduce 'em to honesty, show 'em that they need more The difference between the pretenders and the Kendrick Lamars And so, I took the fall like the Son of the Lord On the cross, dyin' for that fake shit you niggas bought For the past decade, if I should pass please let this be my last essay Therefore I write from the heart Apologies to OG's for sacrificin' my art But I'm here for a greater purpose, I knew right from the start I'm just a man of the people, not above but equal And for the greater good I walk amongst the evil Don't cry mama, this the life I choose myself Just pray along the way that I don't lose myself This is for the nigga that said that hip-hop was dead I went to Hell to resurrect it, how could you fail to respect it? Lettin' Nas down, I got the phone call quietly I mourned dog, I let Nas down Yeah, and on this flight may I never lose sight, fuck it Long live the idols, may they never be your rivals Pac was like Jesus, Nas wrote the Bible Now what you're 'bout to hear's a tale of glory and sin No I.D. my mentor now let the story begin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ James Fauntleroy Album: Born Sinner Song: Born Sinner Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [J. Cole] Yeah... hey Spinnin in circles, live my life without rehearsal If I die today my nigga was it business? Was it personal? Should this be my last breath? I'm blessed cause it was purposeful Never got to church to worship Lord but please be merciful You made me versatile, well-rounded like cursive Know you chose me for a purpose, I put my soul in these verses +Born Sinner+, was never born to be perfect Sucka for women lickin they lips and holdin these purses Back when we ran the streets, who would think we'd grow to be murderers? Teachers treated niggaz as if they totally worthless And violent, and hopeless, I saw but never noticed that a college point is right to "Be All That You Can Be" posters Rest in peace to Tiffany, I don't know if this the realest shit I wrote but know the realest nigga wrote this And signed it, and sealed it in a envelope and knew one day you'll find it And knew one day you'll come back and rewind it Singin [Chorus: James Fauntleroy] I'm a born sinner But I'll die better than that, swear You were always where I needed you to be whether you were there or not there (I was there) I was born sinnin But I'll live better than that (better than that) If you ain't fuckin with that I don't care (ooooh-ooooh-ooooh) Yeah, yeah, yeah [J. Cole] Yeah, this music shit is a gift But God help us make it cause this music biz is a cliff I got her life in my grip, she holdin tight to my wrist She's screamin "Don't let me slip" She see the tears in my eyes, I see the fear on her lips True when I told you, "You the only reason why I don't flip, and go insane" My roof in the pourin rain You knew me before the fame, don't lose me the more I change No, just grow with me; go broke, you go broke with me I smoke you gon' smoke with me Woman's curse since birth, man lead her to the hearse, I go Bobby you go Whitney Damn, listen here; I'll tell you my biggest fears You the only one who knows 'em - don't you ever go expose 'em This life is harder than you'll probably ever know Emotions I hardly ever show More for you than for me, don't you worry yourself, I gotta do this for me They tell me life is a test, but where's the tutor for me? Pops came late, I'm already stuck in my ways Duckin calls from my mother for days Sometimes she hate the way she raised me but she love what she raised Can't wait to hand her these house keys with nothin to say Except [Chorus] - sung by a choir The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Born Sinner Song: Miss America Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - J. Cole - talking] (Sample from John F. Kennedy's Inaugural Address) This is a public service announcement Brought to you by the good people over at Dreamville Records (And so my fellow Americans Ask not, what your country can do for you Ask what you can do for your country) Excuse me [Verse 1 - J. Cole] Load the clip in the chopper, flip the script and get Oscars All my niggaz is mobsters, all my bitches is doctors Cole World, this just the tip of the iceberg So talk shit and taste the tip of the Mossberg Don't trip nigga, they just words Though my words tend to sound like proverbs Niggaz don't see the preachers 'til we dead in the hearse Granny broke, 'cause she always givin bread to the church Now Pastor Mason Betha in a Lambo And little niggaz holdin Desert Eagles like they Rambo Pumpin my shit, always wonder why they fuck with my shit I hope it's about the knowledge, not about who's suckin my dick But oh well, I'm gonna sell like I had no bail For my chain and my piece, I should've won Nobel Ill, boy you cold nigga, yeah I know nigga Only young nigga do it better than the old niggaz [Break - J. Cole] - w/ ad libs Took chances, slow dance with the Devil bitch Overcomin the circumstances, we hella rich Since you all in my business, this what I tell a bitch "If you ain't fuckin me, don't fuck with me, this life on the edge" Bring dollars, splurged all on embellishments My fellowship paid, don't need to cop my fellas shit Scoopin hoes at the party, some Cinderella shit Smash for the hell of it, livin life on the edge [Chorus - J. Cole] - w/ ad libs (Miss America), petty thoughts (Miss America), petty thoughts (Miss America), petty thoughts Just to floss, pay any and every cost Heavy heart, as I sit in this Range countin thousands out Am I about dollars or about change? Am I about knowledge or about brains? Freedom or big chains, they don't feel my pain [Verse 2 - J. Cole] Blood on my sneakers, no remorse for the grievers He played the corner like Revis, he should've had better defense That's how I'm feelin, blood spillin, I love killin Niggaz that swear that they it, this is as rare as it gets Rap game changed, this is embarrassin shit Bunch of bitches posin on some old Miss America shit I was a wilder nigga back on my Therapist shit Movin careless as shit, in a city where niggaz really don't care who they hit Who the fuck was I? Just a young, little nigga tryin to see the other side Of the railroad tracks, where them scarecrows at No brains on them niggaz but they'll air your back Fuck the man, Uncle Sam, I won't sell your crack I won't fight your wars, I won't wear your hat I'm a pass your classes, I'm a learn your craft I'm a fuck your daughters, I'm a burn your flag [Break] - w/ ad libs [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Outro - J. Cole - talking] They don't feel my pain They'll never feel my pain And they'll never play this shit on the radio The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ 50 Cent, Bas Album: Born Sinner Song: New York Times * Typed by: AZ Lyrics * Deluxe Edition bonus track [Verse 1: J Cole] New York Times Come listen to these New York rhymes A southern nigga with a New York mind In the concrete jungle of Queens trying to be kings Getting to the money of sins by any means As I watch it all, pain out, trying not to stand out Fish out of water, unofficial reporter Appear, life is a bitch I blow a kiss at her daughter In a city with niggas will leave you shit outta order So yeah, you heard the news, disturbing news Shot a brother in the head, thank the lord he ain't dead Was in a coma for months, eyes ain't opened not once My nigga visibally stressed in a mess he's smoking a blunt What could I say, I can't relate to that All I do is pray for that This is city God told me, go and make it at I got a date with destiny, I'm running late for that Grab a paper, hey kid, you gotta pay for that [Chorus: 50 Cent & J Cole] The New York Times The New York Times (Extra, extra, read all about it) They say you can win anywhere If you can win there And you ain't been nowhere if you ain't been there [?] Same places, different faces on the train, man New York, New York [Verse 2: J Cole] Hop on the F train, took the express train Skip that local shit, my vocal sick That's how success came Once kings, now we pawns in this chess game Wall Street got black slave blood stains Which means, we built this city And never got scraps while the devil got fat In fact, reparation for niggas in desperation Fuck money, get my kid a real education Blood money spills, had a real revelation Southside make you realize there's still segregation Don't wanna preach, I'm just thinking out loud Sometimes I wanna save the world and I be thinking 'bout how My motive: to lead my niggas to paradise Imagine the world, free from pain And we no longer scared of night Far from the crime, the blind leading the blind We gon' make it primetime till we dyin' [Chorus: 50 Cent & J Cole] The New York Times The New York Times (Extra, extra, read all about it) They say you can win anywhere if you can win there And you ain't been nowhere if you ain't been there [?] Same places, different faces on the train, man New York, New York [Verse 3: Bas] How I go from selling reefa and plates To eating steaks with Cole and playing FIFA with Drake Should've been in the States, property of the Jakes Now I'm plotting on profits and properties on the lake Let me properly immigrate you to it Show you how the heads of states and gangsters do it Them niggas talk a lot of shit but they ain't been through it I done been up in everything, cars you never seen Cities you never heard of, from the streets where they murder Police observe us till they reach the verdict Kill 'em all, fucking kill 'em all If you can't send 'em to the pen, send 'em to the morgue Send 'em to the Lord, fuck it, send his broad Hundred shots through the dark but they never hit my heart, nigga Bitch nigga, take a pause Hundred shots through the dark you can never hit my heart [Chorus: 50 Cent & J Cole] The New York Times The New York Times (Extra, extra, read all about it) They say you can win anywhere if you can win there And you ain't been nowhere if you ain't been there [?] Same places, different faces on the train, man New York, New York The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Born Sinner Song: Is She Gon Pop * Typed by: AZ Lyrics * Deluxe Edition bonus track Yeah Yeah [Verse 1] Art of seduction Hoes jump like vince carter backstage like they apart of production We talked about her dreams you gotta start out with somethin' Her momma went to college but yet her father was hustlin' Found it funny cuz now they daughter is stuck-in A similar predicament, I'm askin' where her nigga went She said your guess is good as mine Dropped outta school now he run the streets like all the time Left me alone with this baby I don't hear from the nigga And to keep hundred with you I don't care for the nigga Well, movin on Funny cause I only know a couple of your songs But I love when they come on Word? [Bridge] I'll take it, Baby I'll take it Why I'm starin' at you cause I'm picturing you naked Know whats on your mind embrace it, do not fake it Tonight is what you make it, take it do not waste it Take a shot you not wasted, look in the blocks with mindplay[?] I'm in a small ass town with a superstar chick This is superstar dick Girl, How could you not taste it? [Verse 2] That's a little egotistic, my amigos be hocking in Toledo Niggas winning off me, it's all G though, Cause he know bitches can't get the Michael so they settling for Tito We know, yeah nigga we know, hot bitch fell in my lap like cappucino Niggas so thirsty it irks me, you keep on putting bitches over money but that ain't my cup of tea though, Nah nigga, the game is to get, a bunch of paper just to change your fucking neighbors and shit, I swear if niggas put half of what they put in chasing ass into a craft, now you'd be famous and rich, But I get it, you rather lay with a bitch, while you play with her pussy, and let her play with your dick, She thinking she got a first round pick, she thinking bout all the things she can get, she thinking you got a Range for a whip, and a fly ass cribbo, and it's not that simple cause, All you got is a phone full of bitches, and they just like her Meanwhile I'm stacking paper up, my word Had more hoes coming than a bus driver Got a full grown woman wanna fuck my word, wanna ride my nouns, let her suck my verbs... Aye [Bridge] I'll take it, Baby I'll take it Why I'm starin' at you cause I'm picturing you naked Know whats on your mind embrace it, do not fake it Tonight is what you make it, take it do not waste it Take a shot you not wasted, look in the blocks with mindplay[?] I'm in a small ass town with a superstar chick This is superstar dick Girl, How could you not taste it? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Born Sinner Song: Niggaz Know * Typed by: AZ Lyrics * Deluxe Edition bonus track These niggaz know [Verse 1] Armed and dangerous, call the law Stick to the script, no audible Country ass nigga with an Audemars Can't spell the shit but I order more French hoes treat me like Charles De Gaulle Get good head on the Autobahn Hit hood hoes out in Baltimore Pack the shows like wall to wall, my God Five steps like Dru Hill Came home from the first tour, with Bad credit and a school bill Middle finger to the bursar Finally famous but Ain't too much really change with us Straight up weed, no angel dust Label us notorious, that was 9-7 Saw my old teacher and she asked how I'm livin' You ain't know my shit drop bitch? 9-11 Gettin' more hoes than that nigga John Legend Gettin' more hoes than that nigga John Legend Nigga you should too, if you knew What this game would do to you Look at all the bullshit I've been through Better me than you [Bridge] I must confess, I copped the chains I hit the club, I made it rain I hit the road, I made a name I came on home, I ain't the same I ain't the same I ain't the same [Hook] Made a mil' off the flow, make sure these niggaz know Made a mil' off the flow, make sure these niggaz know [Verse 2] These niggaz know, boo-ya nigga? Came through the door like who y'all niggaz? Stole a nigga flow, I could sue y'all niggaz Better yet put a hot one through y'all niggaz Nah, let me stop frontin' for y'all niggaz but Don't let the college shit fool y'all niggaz Ain't the hardest nigga in the land But a grown ass man, and I will step to y'all niggaz Like what's the problem? Ain't gettin' paper, nigga here's a loan My shit long, need a hair salon Get it cut, shut the fuck up And wipe your face with my money 'til your tears is gone No cryin' ass, lyin' ass Can't afford a whip, but you buyin' ass This Fresh Prince nigga, I ain't Jazz Fucked yo bitch, nigga I ain't ask She pitched it to me like Sosa (Oh God) What the fuck was I s'posed do? Deny that, rather try that, but I never fly that, Keep hoes bi-coastal And they buy postals, ain't shit for free Dick the only thing that they get from me Sit VIP, get a sip for free Later on she'll be sippin' me, literally Picture me at the tip-top With your bitch lip-locked on my dick when my shit drop This B.I.G. nigga, this Pac Minus six shots, but it's still this hot Thirty grand and that's just for the wristwatch Hate to brag but backpackin', that's hip hop Write my life and make sure that the script hot And pray the kids watch, if not These niggaz know If not, these niggaz know [Bridge (x2)] I must confess, I copped the chains I hit the club, I made it rain I hit the road, I made a name I came on home, I ain't the same I ain't the same I ain't the same [Hook] Made a mil' off the flow, make sure these niggaz know Made a mil' off the flow, make sure these niggaz know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Jhené Aiko Album: Born Sinnér Song: Sparks Will Fly * Typed by: AZ Lyrics * Deluxe Edition bonus track [Chorus: Jhené Aiko] + (J. Cole) It may seem like our fire Has been a little burnt out, we're tired We only néed to stay close In time, sparks will fly (And we fly too, and we, and we And we fly too) [x2] [Verse 1] Baby you deserve the whole enchilada, Gucci and Prada Toast to the days when I didn't have a dollar You stuck around even when the world frownéd on me Kicked me when I was down, and so they clownéd on me Down for me, my homie You better believe, I know your home girl said you should leave Know you as tired like the Michelin man What if Gina would have listenéd to Pam? Now they hate to see us last this long When they get my album, probably pass this on Thought they knéw me, well Monéy can't buy you happinéss that's true as hell The happinéss can't buy yo ass this néw SL I love you like the fat kid loves cakes and shit I love you like the bad kid love breakin' shit Ride and die chick fighting insecurities Want a ring and my last name for securities [Chorus: Jhené Aiko] + (J. Cole) It may seem like our fire Has been a little burnt out, we're tired We only néed to stay close In time, sparks will fly (And we fly too, and we, and we, And we fly too) [x2] [Verse 2] I know my style ain't perfect I know my smile ain't perfect Nigga ain't perfect, it's true Funny though I'm perfect for you All the drama seem worth it for you She put up with the shit like she work at the zoo, true Now what you crying for? She says you ain't gon' settle down, what you lyin' for? She want that old thing back Things ain't the same, think we both seen that Love is war, end up on the floor But baby you only lose when you don't swing back I say those words hoping that You fight for a nigga like I fight for you Like I fight temptations every night for you And though I slip, only girl in my life is you [Chorus: Jhené Aiko] + (J. Cole) It may seem like our fire Has been a little burnt out, we're tired We only néed to stay close In time, sparks will fly (And we fly too, and we, and we And we fly too) [x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Cheer Up (S) Song: Cheer Up Typed by: AZ Lyrics Even through the joy I feel the pain Even in the sun I feel the rain Even when I'm high I feel the lows Like that's all I know And lord knows I can't complain But even when I do it feels the same I'm getting high just to fight the lows Cause that's all I know [Verse 1] Yeah school girl, cool girl Your dress is sexy and your momma is a cougar So she let you do the grown folk's thing Let you hang with them boys and they play you like a fool girl You got your new hair, it looks so good You write the same nigga's name in your notebook You know the same one from class, the one you let smash Now you see him round school and he won't look Now girl you is fine, ain't no doubt about it But why else you think he hit it and forgot about it That's cause your mind don't match with your ass got But cheer up you gotta be your own mascot You see you're looking for a man like you need somebody Get your ass off of Twitter you could be somebody A doctor, a rock star, baby live life But you'd rather wet up all your pillows all night thinking Even through the joy I feel the pain Even in the sun I feel the rain Even when I'm high I feel the lows Like that's all I know And lord knows I can't complain But even when I do it feels the same I'm getting high just to fight the lows Cause that's all I know It's all I know It's all I know It's all I know It's all I Ay cheer up And lil mama cheer up You got your whole life to live Ay why you wanna tear up Don't let them little boys... when they try to push up Hey, hey [Verse 2] Yeah, I wake up in the morning and I ask myself Is life worth living should I blast myself Don't even wanna get out the bed I got the glock to my head feel I'd rather be dead And am I hopeless, raised with rats and roaches Never liked the teachers, couldn't stand my coaches Ask what's the matter but you can't relate Living a life that you hate but you can't escape Feel like I'm stuck here That's why I don't give a fuck here There's no luck here, nobody to trust here My own mother yeah I love her but things I heard as a child under my covers Left me with scars it was hard to see her suffer Ducking my heart and I don't know if I'll recover I'm going under and as I'm headed out the front door She say she proud of me and I wonder what for And once more Even through the joy I feel the pain Even in the sun I feel the rain Even when I'm high I feel the lows Like that's all I know And lord knows I can't complain But even when I do it feels the same I'm getting high just to fight the lows Cause that's all I know It's all I know It's all I know It's all I know It's all I Ay cheer up And lil mama cheer up You got your whole life to live Ay why you wanna tear up Don't let them little boys... when they try to push up Hey, hey... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Cosmic Kev Freestyle (S) Song: Cosmic Kev Freestyle Typed by: AZ Lyrics It took me all day to find some inspiration It just hit me like a ton of bricks no renovation Problem with the game now, there ain't no innovation I see my shit all in your shit, we call that imitation And they say that's flattering but I ain't flattered at all Matter fact y'all need to practice that more See my man Nate, ask me if I gain weight, I said nah My pockets got fatter, that's all Money was an issue but now that that's solved, I ball, I ball Like Kobe in the fall Put trophies on my wall, rather trophies on my man And dog, my shows be off the handle Take the proceeds, go to gamble, ha Bet it all black, and pray I quadruple my salary If I win maybe then I can pay Sallie Mae Told her I be dealing with some real life shit She be asking when, bitch, when I feel like it Cole World, Cole life, Cole blooded I be on my shit and look at all the hoes love it Got a hundred fifty bitches in the club staring at me How that feel? Very happy Cole World, Boy, check the degree's These lil niggas is trash go and get the Febreeze That's why I blew up on you sucka's all that's left is debris One soldier's all that's left is fatigues Act like you know me boy, I'm Kobe How the fuck you gon step in my league Rapping bout bullshit, your message fatigue Played out, phoney nigga probably only got arrested for weed And out here talking that dime shit Dom Perignon shit Not gon cut it like some scissors on my lawn shit Grown cause I own shit This is what you won't get Game so cold, bring the blizzard to the Palms I'm a wizard, I'm a don and I put this on my mom I'm offended, I'm appalled If y'all ain't bowing Claim you a monster but y'all ain't growling Claim you a beast, why y'all ain't howling? 'Bout as sweet as a jumper on the gay Ray Allen I'm 'bout fucking hoes like Ray J wylin' Killin' niggas like K K K violence I guess it's why they pay homage Momma I'mma be BIG and I put that on the late great Wallace Christopher, check my temperature, nigga my integers.. Whatever man.. Alone in my zone, tell me don't it sound stunning Been fucked the world but she just now cummin' If I ever fell off I would hit the ground runnin' I ain't never been the one for fourth down puntin' Aiming at a couple heads, bitch I'm crown huntin' Red dots cause a nigga dread locks So I lock pick just to lock shit back I want Money, Power, Respect since the Lox said that Better stay up on your toes, this is not tic tac Yet, I'm a breath of fresh air, you can place your bets here Ballin' like a Laker you should pray for next year Cause I'm repeating and I'm 3-peatin' And I'm knee deep in the game its quick sand and I keep leakin' The label heat seekin', nigga ain't sign me, what the fuck was he thinkin' They say I killed the game, that was only pre-season I'm heavy I'm Heavy Man, I'm already hot, you can say I'm pre-heated If money talks, mine telling your's "be seated" Cut my leg off I wouldn't be defeated Illest nigga in the game bitch and you can retweet it Email the shit make sure you CC it For these fuck niggas who don't wanna believe it I be in the airport damn near bare foot Security hollin' out, Cole we need it Getting high as fuck and I don't even be weeded No point drinkin' I can't even be faded Real recognise real like they related You ain't no fucking G boy, your style G-Rated Hatred is flattery I'm glad to be hated Fuckin' bad bitches that would rather be dated Carolina niggas just happy he made it My money was running late now, now it's happy belated I'm heavy, nigga I'm heavy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Drank In My Cup (S) Song: Drank In My Cup Freestyle Typed by: AZ Lyrics [J.Cole] (Cole World) [Verse 1] Easy or hard way Now you can choose the easy or hard way Cole took the long way A loser hardly I moved up to Broadway With night time to broad day Pregame to foreplay Used to cruise up to Bojangles In R Jay's lil Hyundai Little bottle of that E&J Liquor all in my DNA Shout out NC ANT where I found that TNA Ain't seen me at the VMA Nigga like me wasn't nominated One month later fuck a hater Nigga like me done dominated Wanna ride to the top Then roll with me baby They was waitin' on me to drop Like hov and B baby Went from crappin' in diapers To rappin' in cyphers To doing more numbers Then all them fuckin' lifers in Rikers You see life is just like a box of chocolates Never know what you 'bout to get Take a bite rock wit it And I love a bad bitch with confidence Your smile nice yo style right And girl you got some mean thighs So this right here is mean time In between time Cole World Girl I know how much you really want somebody Want somebody that don't really need you Girl I know how much you really want somebody Want somebody that ain't trying to keep You heard what I said, that could put you to bed That ain't tryin' to love you baby, just fuck you instead And don't tell 'em nothing baby, you know that I'm comin' baby Just hit up my phone whenever you need you some company Got this drank in my cup, oh yeah I got this drank in my cup I got this drank in my cup, cup, cup [Kirko Bangz] I done came down, came up Slow pitch, change up Same hood, same style, same drink, same cup She call me when she wanna fuck I never call, she knows what's up Same page, same book, different song, same hook Everytime her nigga trippin', she on the phone with the same crook And everytime I pull up, she hit me with that same look Lips bitin', hips right She left her man for that get right I'm in the middle, like midnight Only if you got that sit tight Only if you got that wine fine Only if you got that sip type Only if you got that mine bomb Only if you got that sip type Eat that shit like wonton Jokin' baby, I'm pimp tight I'm used to bein' that one and done But girl you got that g-get right Girl I know how much you really want somebody Want somebody that don't really need you Girl I know how much you really want somebody Want somebody that ain't trying to keep You heard what I said, that could put you to bed That ain't tryin' to love you baby, just fuck you instead And don't tell 'em nothing baby, you know that I'm comin' baby Just hit up my phone whenever you need you some company Got this drank in my cup, oh yeah I got this drank in my cup I got this drank in my cup, cup, cup H-town, oh yeah, I got this drink in my cup I got this drink in my cup I came down, hold up, hold up, I said hold up Hold up, I done came down like hold up Hold up, hold up, fuck, 'chea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Major Lazer Album: Get Free Coleworld (S) Song: Get Free Coleworld Typed by: AZ Lyrics [J. Cole - Verse 1] Strictly for the survivors The 800 number dodgers Boy, what I tell ya ass bout picking up that phone When the number unknown Tell them people I ain't home Half black learning white lies Niggas broke her heart now she trying white guys Too ashamed to bring around cause her homegirls'll clown like "Girl I ain't know you like 'em bitesize" She embarrassed now On edge cause she gotta meet his parents now They probably think I'm no good for 'em Too dark, too thick, too hood for 'em Now she sitting at the dinner table wondering what I'm doing here They got me feeling like a job interview in here They asking questions about a 5 year plan She saying "who I'm foolin', they could never understand" They could never understand [Amber of Dirty Projectors] Look at me I Just can't believe What they've done to me We could never get free I just wanna be (I just wanna be) Look at me I Just can't believe What they've done to me We could never get free I just wanna be I just wanna dream [J. Cole - Verse 2] (Fuck is that smell) I smell bullshit, it must be an election year The more I listen man the more you sound less sincere Still I'm wathcing CNN tryna keep up In my interviews maybe I should speak up Tell the world how I feel like you lying all the time And keep 'em niggas walking blind all the time But the same niggas think I'm fucking dimes all the time Like I'm walking round with money on my mind all the time And I feed into it I'd rather make tracks where I bleed into it The singles only the look to sell these niggas the book I can only pray that one day you'll read into it If not, fuck it, I got my own problems Fuck ya beats nigga I produce my own albums I zone out, that old sound that I've grown out of Was born out of being broke with hope But it don't matter I'm on Saturn now and I won't shatter As long as this blood grows in my bone marrow I'm gonna gather my thoughts As sharp as a bow and arrow Back when I had no dough and no apparrel My flow's thorough, now I'm more aware of the perils a nigga face Loaded pistols with nickle plates, the nigga fake That's why I call the shit a race Tha gony of defeat, wish the elite could get a taste Look at me I Just can't believe What they've done to me We could never get free I just wanna be (I just wanna be) Look at me I Just can't believe What they've done to me We could never get free I just wanna be I just wanna dream [Amber of Dirty Projectors] We're all together in the same boat I know you, you know me Baby, you know me We're all together in the same boat I know you, you know me Baby, you know me We're all together in the same boat I know you, you know me Baby, you know me I Just wanna dream I Just wanna dream I Just wanna dream Baby, you know me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Grew Up Fast (S) Song: Grew Up Fast Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] Nigga I grew up fast, then blew up fast Money falling out my pockets, I got too much cash Can't fit nothing in her pockets, she got too much ass Like, god damn, well if you must ask We from the school of hard knocks, but your crew cut class Half white but don't think I gotta Ku Klux past When I'm up in the V, police be fucking with me No sir, no license, all I got here is this fucking degree Move along cock-sucker, ain't got nothing to see ‘less you talking blockbuster, you niggas in not Russell You more Diggy, Me, I'm more Biggie No diss to the young boy, I'm just rapping, get bored quickly Just to make up for that line, invite him on tour with me Show him the game, let him finagle these whores with me Run through their doors with me, hit the Ritz Carlton for the night Leave ‘em there two dykes, probably change a niggas life, right? Wattup Vanessa? I loved you that one semester Thanks to my profession I ball'd like uncle Festor Thinkin' about the board I used to have above the dresser Half the shit I wrote down. I did it, it's old now Got, new goals, plus my money on Manute Bol Funny how my old highs is suddenly my new lows Tired of every chick saying she models before she swallows So I only fuck with hat tricks, bitches with a few goals [Verse 2] Look, look Not even slightly interested in what ya opinion is I gotta greater purpose than a hater purpose Imma stack paper, hustle just to relax later Serve niggas and bring changes that's a waiter purpose Look how I made them nervous Niggas is shakin' I know they fakin' Ok, you a killer, right And ms. Cleo's Jamaican, and Bob Marley is Haitian And me and Beyonce datin' and Jesus Christ be hatin But got mad love from Satan, for fucking Sanaa Lathan While Meagan Good is waitin' I'm the dead beat father of your little brother In other words, god damnit, I'm a bad mother fucker It's Cole, it's only right I brought back the soul Yall got way too electro, damn near techno Half-way homo, way too metro Hennessy XO, Cole flows best yo Style like Tribe Called Quest meets Death Row Learn something boy, grow your ass up Cheap nigga, if you was liquor, I'd probably throw your ass up Matter fact, if you was grass, I'd probably mow your ass up Last call for you old niggas gon' pour your last cup It's Cole! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: I'm a Fool (S) Song: I'm a Fool Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] Yea, I'm a fool, hundred thousand for the jewels Last year we killed the game and left y'all browsing for the clues Old niggas out here search for that fountain of the youth Money talks and hoes say its an arousing point of view Don't make me act a fool like Malcom before the suit How could you justify, I testified up in this booth? And then, throughout the years, spilled tears and shared truths Somehow they love a nigga better when he talk about his loot Chain like a kelidescope, see life through a wider scope Therefore, I know this necklace really represents a noose Still I hit the jeweler how much racks to make me cooler I just play the game homie, I ain't make the rules up Started from the bottom same way you lace your shoes up So if I'm blowing cake, blame it on the place I grew up Where niggas had nothing but dreams and television Got no plans of seeing hell or prision You can tell I'm living, right? Never said I'm living right And they like Boy you a fool [x3] And they like [x3] Boy you a fool, Boy you a fool And they like, And they like [Verse 2] I'm a fool, hundred thou to go to school So much debt left me and my mama damn near drowning in a pool First to go to college, they say knowledge is a tool But these hoes on campus make a young nigga drool So we party, skip class, get ass and talk cool Meanwhile, she back home working hard I use that as my fuel So I finally graduated but I'm sad to say that I ain't learn a fucking thing except the game and how to play it I'm a fool, no scuffs on my shoes No cuts I don't bruise, so fuck y'all reviews She told me Cole I love you roll with you way before the riches But you way too educated to be calling women bitch and calling brothas niggas Pardon if I cross a line but all this time Knew you was different than all them other niggas I responded to her "please don't put me on a pedestal Cuz I know better and I'm still a fool" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: I'm Coming Home (S) Song: I'm Coming Home Typed by: AZ Lyrics I'm coming home I'm coming home tell the World I'm coming home Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday I know my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes I'm coming home, I'm coming home tell the World I'm coming Back where I belong I've never felt so strong eh feeling like there's nothing that I can't try and if you feel me put your hands high, high, high, hey and if you feel me put your hands high, high, hey This is my story this is my song if you aint got the heart, don't attempt to try this at home it's just a poem from a man once living wrong now I'm in the zone, tell the World I'm coming home been a long time coming, been a long time coming this song feel like the greatest of all time coming cause I do it B-I-G, I remember we would be high who'd have thought we'd be running rap when we was knee high to appreciate the sun you gotta know what rain is or cause I'm famous you don't gotta know what pain is but I bounce back, would ya look at that I take my spot at the top and I aint looking back I'm coming home I'm coming home tell the World I'm coming home Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday I know my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes I'm coming home, I'm coming home tell the World I'm coming Hey, confusion like I was losing my mind but one thing I never lose is my grind my closet need a lot of cleaning now I can't sleep cause I dont like the sh-t I dream about hey Dear Lord please help me get the demons out and then help me get my genius out and get back to what I had if my good's outweigh my bads, do you think my mistakes is gon even out (even out) I guess try and see, it's on my diary, I'm living for my kids now they is just as fly as me talk well, wonder if Andre Harrell knew how great I would be when he fired me [Chorus x2] I'm coming home I'm coming home tell the World I'm coming home Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday I know my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes I'm coming home, I'm coming home tell the World I'm coming…home The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: I'm On It (S) Song: I'm On It Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yeah, my God, Science Lord I've been dreaming about the paper I want it all I wanna shine, I wanna ball I want the whip with the suicide doors this is my life homie, you decide yours I've been dreaming about the paper I want it all I wanna shine, I wanna ball I want the whip with the suicide doors this is my life homie, you decide yours Man, man I'm on it, I'm on it get on my level I'm hot like, I've been dancing with the devil man I'm on it, uh uh I'm on it so in case you aint heard, observe I'm bringing that fire, you know that flame throw I'm getting you high, I spittin' that brown sugar that DeAnglo just look in the sky a nigga so fly I'm up here touching rainbow's aint making it rain though no don't be silly mama, I'm no pinata letting my paper fall, no way but if you feeling it, you can take it all and show me don't fight the feeling mama not Jeffrey Dahmer but your body is a killer mama I'm tryna rock that ass to sleep like pyjamas I'ma ball hard with the Roc, crossover hit the shot my palms itching like I just got the Chicken Pox haters wish they could, bitch, I'm bad meaning good I live my life like you should cause... Man, man I'm on it, I'm on it get on my level I'm hot like, I've been dancing with the devil man I'm on it, uh uh I'm on it so in case you aint heard, observe And I'm back with that flame, I got that flow that'll blow your brain they calling me Cole yeah thats my name and just like Martin I know that pain no novacaine and wont complain never but spit it so hot whenever I drop a verse I change weather now hey badder I'm dropping that Floyd Mayweather or rather Lebron james rather so much better than these featherweight rappers I'm ahead of my time and never pressing rewind now watch me shine, I'ma ball hard with the Roc, crossover hit the shot my palms itching like I just got the Chicken Pox haters wish they could, bitch, I'm bad meaning good I live my life like you should cause... Man, man I'm on it, I'm on it get on my level I'm hot like, I've been dancing with the devil man I'm on it, uh uh I'm on it so in case you aint heard, observe (Watch me shine) Big plans (Watch me shine) Big things (Watch me shine) Big money (Watch me shine) Big dreams (Watch me shine) Big crib (Watch me shine) Big screen (Watch me shine) I'm tryna shine like (Watch me shine) I'm on it, uh uh I'm on it man I'm on it, I'm so on it I'ma ball hard with the Roc, crossover hit the shot my palms itching like I just got the Chicken Pox haters wish they could, bitch, I'm bad meaning good I live my life like you should cause... Man, man I'm on it, I'm on it get on my level I'm hot like, I've been dancing with the devil man I'm on it, uh uh I'm on it so in case you aint heard, observe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: It Won't Be Long (S) Song: It Won't Be Long Typed by: AZ Lyrics Uh, yeah I said it won't be long (no) 'fore we out here baby Gotta get you up out here baby Said it won't be long 'fore we out here baby We up out here baby [J. Cole] I say a prayer and look up in the sky Thank God even though a nigga headed to this tired day job Will my eyes stay wide Still I know I'm gonna blow This is music for my niggaz cause I know you want more Cause that old shit fake and this new shit real J Cole not Jay witness that Blueprint feel Hey Cole is you crazy thats some big boots to fill Yeah straight out the Ville and the shoes fit well Same heaven same hell Same niggaz get killed Knew every detail still never would tell Scared of the repercussion Scared of them people bussin Bullets be hittin' nigga's you swear they could be percussion Niggaz be holding triggers before they could read instructions Oh God, never did our fathers teach us nothing No law, but became a man on my own Showed my momma I could stand on my own Uh, yeah I said it won't be long (no) 'fore we out here baby Gotta get you up out here baby Said it won't be long 'fore we out here baby We up out here baby [J. Cole] Dear mama, your son hurting Living in this cold World where niggaz shun virgins And praise hoes As days go by shawty 19 years old No clothes for her baby yet she stay so fly Tell me why mamma do you cry Is it cause you know my teacher be feeding me lies Is it cause you know that Preacher is greedy inside Cause racism is alive I see the disguise Mamma I know it hurts It hurts me to watch you go to work barely hanging on Some rich man getting richer while you slaving for him So whats the options for him A young nigga from the hood without a pops at home Surrounded by no good And soon no good becomes so good quick A little drug money got him feeling so hood rich Killing your hood with the same shit Ronald Reagon filled up your hood with And it's still in your hood shit I'm feeling no good mamma I'm sick of my soul Is there a better life for us I just sit and I hope I just hope and I pray It'll change one day I'll make a change one way And mamma I can fly you out this cold World This cold life, it's all wrong There's no right Its hard to see the good when there's no light Just grrab onto me, trust me hold tight! Uh, yeah I said it won't be long (no) 'fore we out here baby Gotta get you up out here baby Said it won't be long 'fore we out here baby We up out here baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Nas Album: Let Nas Down (Remix) (S) Song: Let Nas Down (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] Freedom or jail, clips inserted, a baby's bein born Same time my man is murdered, the beginning and end As far as rap go, it's only natural, I explain My plateau, and also, what defines my name [Chorus: J. Cole] Yeah, long live the idols, may they never be your rivals Pac was like Jesus, Nas wrote the Bible Now what you're 'bout to hear's a tale of glory and sin No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin [Nas] I ain't mad at you, young king, this unsung song is haunting Along comes a one son called a offspring The Earth spins, my Old Earth grin, sung a church hymn She birthed in September, took my first wind, again, the Earth spins I jumped in my first Benz, fled out, lead out Screams got in the game and took bread out The nerve of these niggaz, weak flow, yo Cole let's murder this sequel Freedom or jail from Fayetteville to QB though Cause back when I was young there was massive niggaz But I passed them niggaz, just being nasty nigga Military hat, fatigue pants saggin, Henny'd up Execs asking will he live to see his own release date happen Straight off the corner with the armor, Arm & Hammer But I had a appeal, I was a charmer.. Yet still being my momma's son was my biggest honor This shit was just kinda just a hobby in my project lobby We was tryna be the Queensbridge Cosby's But the street life robbed me of that, so I had to put it in raps And who could I ask for help? Older nigga was gettin mad But that's the gift and the curse, that's the good and the bad At least you got Jay, but he already one of the greats And it's hard for the great to tell somebody how to be great Nigga I tried and niggaz threw that shit right back in my face They took my co-sign, but they ain't let me EP their tapes And when they joint tanked, that's when they point blame So point blank, young Cole, you won't be the same The first album freedoms and them fourth album pressures A big difference between 'em but I get why you said it Radio records are needed, I just wanted it to bring the warning Global warming to that cold world you was breathin That's some advice, I never got If I don't sell another record, I'll just steady rock While you was writin down my rhymes I was just tryin to show you that if you say what's on your mind, you can stand the test of time Now I'm playin "Born Sinner" loud, saw you live, rock the crowd Like wow, you made your nigga Nas proud So you ain't let Nas down... It's just part of the game, becoming a rap king, my nigga You ain't let Nas down... How that sound? Here the crown, pass it to you like nothin, nigga You ain't let Nas down [Chorus: Nas] Long live the idols, may they never be your rivals Slick Rick was like Jesus, G Rap wrote the Bible Now what you're 'bout to hear's a tale of glory and sin Large Professor's my mentor, that's how the story end, uh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Maine On Fire (S) Song: Maine On Fire Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] Maine on fire My empire be higher Than an octave on Mariah You niggas should worship sire Your crew holding dead weight like a fuckin' hearse's tire Meanwhile I'm like the flow diversifier verse is flyer Gave you truth at a time when niggas prefer the liars I was David promising the world that ima serve Goliath Then I swam with sharks Made it to the land and part My dick in bitches With intentions sick as satan's worst desires Hell of a intro speedin' through this life at a hell of a tempo Get my head out the window 20 k in my pocket As I'm feeling the wind blow And I ain't have a wallet since nintendo, comprendo Orchestrating these capers watch my paper crescendo I used to wanna save the world Now all I do is spend dough Till I snap back like hov hat Now I'm back with this big black strap like hol' that Maine on fire Top down bitch I ain't no liar Henny on the rocks and plenty on the watch Middle fingers to the ones who say we can't go higher Maine on fire Every week can see my name on flyers Henny by the shots many bottles pop And if she say that she ain't let me she a dang on liar [Verse 2] We collect a hundred thou Getting over on promoters might as well say run it now I was such a cunning child The one your girl mama wish she brought back home instead of you The one your mama glad you hung around Cole a charming nigga that can harm a nigga Chest out in your hood like I walk around with armor nigga But its just me and all my nigga's and we fuck the baddest Bitches on the planet witnesses this is Hustle at its, finest cause while you nigga's chase vaginas We just let the paper blind us While vaginas chase behind us Take notes make money don't make jokes For the master grab his rope and make us all scapegoats Real shit but if the world really bout to end We might as well let my nigga Craig out the pen Pain so deep the words bled out the pen And maine don't sleep nigga I win then come again Huh Maine on fire Top down bitch I ain't no liar Henny on the rocks and plenty on the watch Middle fingers to the ones who say we can't go higher Maine on fire Every week can see my name on flyers Henny by the shots many bottles pop And if she say that she ain't let me she a dang on liar The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Nothing Lasts Forever {S} Song: Nothing Lasts Forever Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: singer - repeat 2X] I tried, you tried, we tried All of the times that we had together We should've known nothing lasts forever [J. Cole] Hey, when this shit end, man it's gon' get ugly Real real ugly, your grandmomma love me And your momma love me, little sister hugs me Even got a few homegirls that wanna fuck me Uh, soon as this shit end, forget about it You been stayin in my crib, you gotta get up out it Cause if you're layin in my bed, let's admit about it One time fuckin and we no longer upset about it Cause when this shit ends it's either all or nothin I thought you loved me, how the hell you gon' call ya cousin? You know the diesel ass, half slow, evil ass nigga in that Honda showin up with that drama On my momma we been through it all From the goods to the bads, rise to the fall You done seen me at my best, seen me at my worst So when this shit ends know it's gon' hurt [Chorus: singer] + (J. Cole) (You can't say we didn't try though, huh) I tried, you tried, we tried (you can't say we didn't try, hey) All of the times that we had together (hey) We should've known nothing lasts forever (You can't say we didn't try though) I tried, you tried, we tried (you can't say we didn't try) All of the times that we had together We should've known nothing lasts forever [J. Cole] Hey, they say we won't last I know you suspicious but you don't ask And I don't tell - that's where we both fell A good nigga gone bad, good chick alone, mad as fuck She done had enough I be, out here tryin to raise my status up But success bring bitches and they bad as fuck Ass fat as fuck, with a little ol' waist I ain't want the whole meal, just a little ol' taste Should've looked both ways 'fore I crossed you I guess I never thought I could've ever lost you Now I'm out stuntin with this bitch who ain't about nuttin while some nigga learnin all the shit I taught you Damn, guess you deserve that, a new start But deep down you know we grew apart Long before I broke your heart, if I lost your respect I'm just hopin you don't look at me as somethin you regret [Chorus] w/ minor variations [J. Cole] Huh, I got your message I been meanin to respond, know it's been awhile Apologies, I ain't been around I wanna kick it but I know that shit is different now and times have changed Let me know if I'm out of bounds, are the lines the same? I mean you, lookin good, yeah you still got it Been reminiscin and I'm not sure how I feel about it Now we can say that all good things come to an end But we know each other way too well to pretend We went from, friends to somethin much more To breakin up to makin up and fuckin once more Second chances, we gave enough to finally We gave it up, but some days I be wakin up and wantin one more But what for? Maybe it's just the weather We break each other's hearts, so maybe it's for the better Holla whenever cause you always got a friend in me And nothin lasts forever, least we got these memories [Chorus] w/ minor variations The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ B.o.B Album: Pass Me By (S) Song: Pass Me By Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] Yea, yea, yea Dear Mrs. Bill Collector I know ya just doing your job, don't mean to disrespect ya But we've been going through this thang since way back I told ya when I get the dough I would pay back But I got problems babayy...yea, if you only knew I got bigger problems babbayyy So why ya talkin about the money that I owe, like as if I didn't know man it don't mean nothing to me Cause right now I got my lil boy crying, and my grandmother dying could you please stop fuckin with me? Listen here, I aint lookin for no tears, but my brother got a year and my momma keep smoking that shit On top of that, I'm broke, please put that in your notes for the next one to call me up talking that shit [B.o.B] So life don't pass me by Cause sometimes it'll leave you stuck don't ask me why Gotta keep this trailer moving, no time to cry cry So lonely days I say goodbye bye Gotta live for today so life won't pass me by by So life don't pass me by Cause sometimes it'll leave you stuck don't ask me why Gotta keep this trailer moving, no time to cry cry So lonely days I say goodbye bye Gotta live for today so life won't pass me by by [Verse 2] Hey, Dear Mr. Policeman Hey am I wrong, ain't you suppose to keep the peace man? I coulda swore I was driving pretty peaceful So why the hell is you pullin over me fo'? Is it this black Mercedez? (Oh now I get it, I get it, I get it) Or cause I'm black? Hmmm, maybe Hey, tell me why my hands start sweatin' and I hold my breath everytime that you get behind me I turn my music down, so you won't hear a sound, man I'm nervous like I got a couple pounds on me You pulled me over, you frown on me With your flashlight, tell me what do you see Thug niggaz, drug dealers, its a trip, every nigga in this whip got a mothafuckin college degree [B.o.B] So life don't pass me by Cause sometimes it'll leave you stuck don't ask me why Gotta keep this trailer moving, no time to cry cry So lonely days I say goodbye bye Gotta live for today so life won't pass me by by Cause sometimes it'll leave you stuck don't ask me why Gotta keep this trailer moving, no time to cry cry So lonely days I say goodbye bye Gotta live for today so life won't pass me by by [Verse 3] Yea, my middle finger to the law, bustin off, tryna touch the sky My teacher said, "Impossible", but I'mma fuckin try Plus how he gon' tell me, he don't make the rules There's niggaz dying everyday, but we don't make the news Instead they talkin bout some thunderstorm, cyclones Timmy got his bike stole, top story, Tiger Woods "be fuckin all these white hoes" Anchorman stop snitchin Cut the commercial, he be texting all the side bitches, hey my goodness How ironic, on trial for possession of some chronic My lawyer came to court, man he was higher than the comet Hey your honor, is you kidding? How you sit above me? Are you perfect mothafucker, how you finna judge me? When you home you don't cuss, drink and puff like us These cops is bad boys, baby just like Puff They hate they jobs and they days be fucked up like us At the end of the day, you niggaz just like us [B.o.B] So life don't pass me by Cause sometimes it'll leave you stuck don't ask me why Gotta keep this trailer moving, no time to cry cry So lonely days I say goodbye bye Gotta live for today so life won't pass me by by Cause sometimes it'll leave you stuck don't ask me why Gotta keep this trailer moving, no time to cry cry So lonely days I say goodbye bye Gotta live for today so life won't pass me by by The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: Purple Rain (S) Song: Purple Rain Typed by: AZ Lyrics Hey hey hey Hey hey hey Yeah hey Bright lights, big dreams Nice night or so it seems Stroll in the club with her tight fit jeans Praying that she might get seen by a nigga with a contract With a sports team or just a nigga that you figure could afford things Like more rings for her fingers She used to fuck singers but said they too soft, just copped a new loft For you walk into her crib got to take her shoes off Thats only step one your dress is next hun You say your kid sleep, I don't want no step son But lead the way to your bed room, king size bed so we got leg room She give Queen like head so we got head room, my God Than I work her like its my job Her moans are like music to my ears ipod And than I hit the door, cause baby I got to go Oh yeah don't act like you don't know I know you've been through this before Check it, I make the rich bitch beg Make the good girl steal Make the old ladies blush Make the young hoes squeal For real, for real Good girl huh, father was a preacher Sent her off to college thought I got her on a leash though From the outside though, them girls be the squeakiest You get 'em inside them girls be the freakiest Mischievous, downright devious Say she want cake I got all the right ingredients Running round fronting like a pure white virgin Gave a nigga dome while her father gave a Sermon Amen, let the choir sing She be walking round campus like the quiet thing So niggas scared to approach when they admiring Man if they know like I know she got that fire thing Pour a little OJ with some P-trone I'm feeling ok, but homie she's gone When remmy Rev called she just ignore him I had her calling on God till the weed And than I hit the door nigga Cause baby I got to go Oh yeah don't act like you don't know I know you've been through this before Check it, I make the rich bitch beg Make the good girl steal Make the old ladies blush Make the young hoes squeal For real, for real The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole Album: We On (S) Song: We On Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] Aye nigga I'm the best man As if my best friend was getting married Even with my eyes closed I'm something like a visionary Paint you a perfect picture, nigga this is pictionary Man they goin' have to put my picture in the dictionary Right next to real then put your picture right next to fictionary Claiming that you trill but you want bitches, all you niggas scary Don't try to hide from it, oh boy we see you Claim you goin' ride, oh no we don't believe you Help wanted, classified, you need more people Hating mind, I'm greater sign, hey we are no equal My life is like a movie you like 3 or 4 previews This the city where they glad to see your soul leave you You're body laid back like neil so evil Cole world baby 3 below zero Getcha life snatched and your vehicle repo I bring it to you live you gon' see it no TiVo We on (nigga) We on (cole world) We on (cole world nigga) We on We on [Verse 2] Look man I'm tryna count money like a CFO you see us ho Doing shows with hoes speaking languages that we don't know Look here man, if love is blind then these bitches can't see no mo' They fucking with the boy like a pedophile If she won't go then we goin' roll cause J. Cole got a mean old flow I looked up to some niggas but they ain't fuckin with me no more Chip on my shoulder like I just left the casino oh Nigga I been broke so don't hate me cause you don't see no dough Hip-Hop was like Santa Claus cause no body believed no more And then I came around, now nigga watch me paint the town A lil black, a lil brown, a lil white, we a mess This is Carolina repping you can check-in, be our guest Me I'm blessed, shout to Khaled while I'm howlin' we da best All these corny rap niggas tryna be my BFF Nigga please, go head with that old bullshit you rhymin' See this that good music, so we ain't got shit in common nigga We on (nigga) We on (cole world) We on (cole world nigga) We on We on Hey we on We on Hey we on Man we on Hey 