The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Mary J. Blige Album: Dead Presidents Song: Can't Knock the Hustle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Bounce.. bounce, bounce, Jay-Z huh? Yeah, yeah, yeah, Roc-A-Fella y'all, ha ha Bounce, bounce, bounce, Roc-A-Fella y'all Check, check [Jay-Z] Yo, I'm makin short term goals, when the weather folds just put away the leathers and put ice on the gold Chilly with enough bail money to free a big willie High stakes, I got more at stake than Philly Shoppin sprees, copin three Deuce fever IS's fully loaded, ah yes bouncin in the lex luger, tires smoke like buddha 50 G's to the crap shooter, niggaz can't fade me Chrome socks beamin Through my perephreal I see ya schemin Stop dreamin, I leave your body steamin Niggaz is fiendin, what's the meanin? I'm leanin on any nigga intervenin with the sound of my money machine-in {*brrrr*} My cup runneth, over with hundreds I'm one of the best niggas that done it, six digits and runnin Y'all niggas don't want it, I got the Godfather flow The Don Juan DeMarco; swear to God, don't get it fucked up [Chorus: Mary J. Blige] I'm takin out this time to give you a piece of my mind (cause you can't knock the hustle) Who do you think you are? Baby one day you'll be a star [Jay-Z] Last seen out of state where I drop my slang I'm deep in the South kickin up top game Bouncin on the highway switchin fo' lanes Screamin through the sunroof - money ain't a thang Your worst fear confirmed Me and my fam' roll tight like The Firm Gettin down for life, thats right, you better learn Why play with fire, burn We get together like a choir, to acquire what we desire We do dirt like worms, produce G's like sperm 'til legs spread like germs I got extensive hoes, with expensive clothes and I sip fine wines and spit vintage flows What y'all don't know? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, cause you can't knock the hustle [Chorus: Mary J. Blige] But until the late thang I'm the one who's crazy cause that's the way you're makin me feel 	(cause you can't knock the hustle) I'm just tryin to get mine, I don't have the time to knock the hustle for real [Jay-Z] Yo, y'all niggaz lunchin, punchin the clock My function is to make much and lay back munchin Sippin Remy on the rocks, my crew, somethin to watch Nothin to stop, un.. ..stoppable Scheme on the ice, I gotta hot your crew I gotta, let you niggaz know the time like Movado My motto, stack rocks like Colorado Auto off the champagne, Cristal's by the bottle It's a damn shame what you're not though (who?) Me Slick like a gato, fuckin Jay-Z My pops knew exactly what he did when he made me Tried to get a nut and he got a nut and what Straight bananas; can a nigga, see me? Got the US Open, advantage Jigga Serve like Sampras, play fake a rappers like a campus Le Tigre, son you're too eager You ain't havin it? Good, me either Let's, get together and make this whole world believe us huh? At my arraignment, screamin all us blacks got is sports and entertainment, until we even Thievin, as long as I'm breathin Can't knock the way a nigga eatin - fuck you even! [Chorus: Mary J. Blige] I'm takin out this time to give you a piece of my mind Who do you think you are? Baby one day you'll be a star But until the late thang I'm the one who's crazy cause that's the way you're makin me feel I'm just tryin to get mine, I don't have the time to knock the hustle for real {*Mary J. Blige ad libs to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Reasonable Doubt Song: Politics as Usual Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash You know how we do, Roc-a-Fella... forever... You can catch me skatin through your town puttin it down y'all relatin No waitin I'll make your block infrared hot I'm like Satan Y'all feel a nigga's struggle, y'all think a nigga love to hustle behind the wheel, tryin to escape my trouble kids stop they greetin me, I'm talkin sweet to keys Cursin the very God, that bought this wreath to be My life is, based on sacrifices, jewels like ices and fools that think I slip, you fuck around you get your guys hit, they built me to be filthy on some I-do-or-die shit, for real The price of leather's got me, deeper than ever and just think, winter's here, I'm tryin to feel mink nig-ga Politics as us-ual... I took my Frito to Tito in the district, blessed me with some VS somethins I can live with, stop frontin And for the dough I raise, gotta get shit appraised No disrespect to you, make sure you word is true I'm takin wages down in Vegas just in case Tyson have a major night off, that's clean money, the tax write-off You ain't seen money in your life, when it comes to this cheese y'all like Three Blind Mice A smokin bro, who pump Willie Ike spokes The furthest you Chiles been is the Pocanos My portfolio reads: leads to Don Corleone, nigga please Ten year feleon, heavy on the wrist, our face used with the diamond blooded Jesus and blind your face youse for life... sharight, Jigga, I keep it tight nig-ga Politics as us-ual... You feel my triumph never, feel my pain I'm lyin Low in the leather Zion, the best that's ever came The game changes like, my mind just ain't right We 'gwan get this dough, I guess it ain't your night Suckin me in like a vacumn, I remember tellin my family I'll be back soon, that was December Eighty-five and, Jay-Z rise ten years later got me wise still can't break my underworld ties I wear black a lot, in the Ac', act a lot Got matchin VCR's, a huge Magnavox to nitch, green like spinach pop wines that's vintage It's a lot of big money in my sentence Hittin towards a mil', lip a, written I kill like that chick faked me one-two cat, yeah, I do dat Ain't no stoppin the champagne from poppin the drawers from droppin, the law from watchin, I hate em Politics as us-ual The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z and Notorious B.I.G. Album: Reasonable Doubt Song: Brooklyn's Finest Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pain In Da Ass]  {*gunshots*} OKAY, I'M RELOADED!!!  You motherfuckers, think you big time?  Fuckin with Jay-Z, you gon' die, big time! Here come the "Pain"! {*gunshots*} [Jay-Z] Jigga... (Jigga), Bigga... (Bigga) Nigga, how you figure... (how you figure) Yeah, yeah, yeah, aiyyo Peep the style and the way the cops sweat us (uh-huh) The number one question is can the Feds get us (uh-huh) I got vendettas in dice games against ass betters (uh-huh) and niggaz who pump wheels and drive Jettas Take that witcha.. [Notorious B.I.G.] .. hit ya, back split ya Fuck fist fights and lame scuffles Pillow case to your face, make the shell muffle Shoot your daughter in the calf muscle Fuck a tussle, nickel-plated  Sprinkle coke on the floor, make it drug related Most hate it.. [Jay-Z] .. can't fade it While y'all pump Willie, I run up in stunts silly Scared, so you sent your little mans to come kill me  But on the contrilli, I packs the mack-milli  Squeezed off on him, left them paramedics breathin soft on him  What's ya name? [Notorious B.I.G.] .. Who shot ya? Mob ties like Sinatra Peruvians tried to do me in, I ain't paid them yet Tryin to push 700's, they ain't made them yet Rolex and bracelets is frostbit; rings too Niggaz 'round the way call me Igloo Stix (Who?) Motherfucker! Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers (Where you from?) Brooklyn, goin out for all Marcy - that's right - you don't stop Bed-Stuy.. you won't stop, nigga! [Jay-Z] What, what, what? Jay-Z, Big' Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers Brooklyn represent y'all, hit you fold You crazy, think your little bit of rhymes can play me? I'm from Marcy, I'm varsity, chump, you're JV (Jigga) Jay-Z [Notorious B.I.G.] .. and Bigga baby!  My Bed-Stuy flow's malicious, delicious Fuck three wishes, made my road to riches from 62's, gem stars, my moms dishes Gram choppin, police van dockin D's at my doors knockin [Jay-Z] What? Keep rockin No more, Mister, Nice Guy, I twist your shit  the fuck back with them pistols, blazin Hot like cajun Hotter than even holdin work at the Days Inn with New York plates outside Get up outta there, fuck your ride [Notorious B.I.G.] Keep your hands high, shit gets steeper Here comes the Grim Reaper, Frank Wright Leave the keys to your In-tegra (That's right) Chill homie, the bitch in the Shoney's told me You're holdin more drugs than a pharmacy, you ain't harmin me So pardon me, pass the safe, before I blaze the place  and here's six shots just in case (Brooklyn... Brooklyn... Brooklyn...) Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers (Where you from?) Brooklyn goin out to all (Crown Heights...) You don't stop (Brownsville...) You won't stop, nigga! (Brooklyn... Brooklyn... Brooklyn...) Hah hah! Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers (Where we from?) Brooklyn goin out to all (Bushwick...) You don't stop (Fort Greene...) You won't stop, niggaz! [Jay-Z] Yeah, yeah, yeah For nine six, the only MC with a flu Yeah I rhyme sick, I be what you're tryin to do Made a fortune off Peru, extradite, china white heron Nigga please, like short sleeves I bear arms Stay out my way from here on (CLEAR?) Gone! [Notoriuos B.I.G.] Me and Gutter had two spots The two for five dollar hits, the blue tops Gotta go, Coolio mean it's gettin "Too Hot" If Fay' had twins, she'd probably have two-Pac's Get it? .. Tu-pac's [Jay-Z] Time to separate the pros from the cons The platinum from the bronze That butter soft shit from that leather on the Fonz A S1 diamond from a eye class don A Cham' Dom' sipper from a Rosay nigga, huh?! Brook-Nam, sippin on  [Notorious B.I.G.] Cristal forever, play the crib when it's mink weather The M.A.F.I.A. keep canons in they Marc Buchanans Usually cuatro cinco, the shell sink slow, tossin ya Mad slugs through your Nautica, I'm warnin ya (Hah, what the fuck?) Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers (Where you from?) Brooklyn goin out to all (Flatbush...) You don't stop (Redhook...) You won't stop, nigga! (Brooklyn... Brooklyn... Brooklyn...) Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers (Where you from?) Brooklyn goin out to all (East New York...) You don't stop (Clinton Hill...) You won't stop, nigga! 	{*"Is Brooklyn in the house?"*} [Outro] Uhh, Roc-A-Fella, y'all, Junior M.A.F.I.A.  Superbad click, Brook-lyn's Finest, you re-wind this  Represetin BK to the fullest The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Reasonable Doubt Song: Dead Presidents II Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: "Presidents to represent me" --> Nas		"Get money!" "I'm out for presidents to represent me"	"Get money!" "I'm out for presidents to represent me"	"Get money!" "I'm out for dead *fuckin* presidents to represent me (Whose...)" Rock... on, Roc-A-Fella y'all The saga continues Ahh, who wanna bet us that we don't touch leathers Stack cheddars forever, live treacherous all the et ceteras To the death of us, me and my confidants, we shine You feel the ambiance, y'all niggaz just rhyme By the ounce dough accumulates like snow We don't just shine, we illuminate the whole show; you feel me? Factions from the other side would love to kill me Spill three quarts of my blood into the street, let alone the heat Fuck em, we hate a nigga lovin this life In all possible ways, know the Feds is buggin my life Hospital days, reflectin when my man laid up On the Uptown high block he got his side sprayed up I saw his life slippin, this is a minor set back Yo, still in all we livin, just dream about the get back That made him smile though his eyes said, "Pray for me" I'll do you one better and slay these niggaz faithfully Murder is a tough thing to digest, it's a slow process and I ain't got nothin but time I had near brushes, not to mention three shots close range, never touched me, divine intervention Can't stop I, from drinkin Mai-Tai's, with Ta Ta Down in Nevada, ha ha, Poppa, word life I dabbled in crazy weight without rap, I was crazy straight Potnah, I'm still spendin money from eighty-eight... what? Chorus Geyeah, know what? I'll make.. you and your wack mans fold like bad hands Roll like Monopoly, ad-vance you copy me like white crystals, I gross the most at the end of the fiscal year than these niggaz can wish to The dead presidential, canidate with the sprinkles and the presidental, ice that'll offend you In due time when crime fleas my mind All sneak thieves and playa haters can shine But until then I keep the trillion cut diamonds shinin brilliant I'll tell you half the story, the rest you fill it in Long as the villian win I spend Japan yen, attend major events Catch me in the joints, convinced my iguanas is bitin J-A-Y hyphen, controllin, manipulatin I got a good life man, pounds and pence Nuff dollars make sense, while you ride the bench Catch me swinging for the fence Dead Presidents, ya know Chorus Uh-huh, yeah, uh-huh, so be it The Soviet, The Unified Steady Flow You already know, you light I'm heavy roll, heavy dough Mic macheted your flow, your paper falls slow like confetti, mines a steady grow, bet he glow Pay five dead it from blow, better believe I have eleven sixty to show, my doe flip like Tae-Kwon Jay-Z The Icon, baby, you like Dom, maybe this Cristal's to change your life huh, roll with the winners Heavy spenders like hit records: Roc-A-Fella Don't get it corrected this shit is perfected  from chips to chicks just drivin a Lexus Make it without your gun, we takin everything you brung We cake and you niggaz is fake and we gettin it done Crime Family, well connected Jay-Z And you fake thugs is Unplugged like MTV I empty three, take your treasure, my pleasure Dead presidentials, politics as usual Bla-ouw! "Dead *fuckin* presidents to represent me (Whose...)" "Dead *fuckin* presidents to represent me (Whose...)" "Dead *fuckin* presidents to represent me (Whose...)" "Dead *fuckin* presidents to represent me (Whose...)" Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Reasonable Doubt Song: Feelin' It Typed by: OHHLA.com I'm feelin it fill the glass to the top with Moet Feelin it feel the Lex pushin up on the set I'm feelin it through the high that you get from the lye Feelin it if you feel it raise your l in the sky [Verse 1] I keep it realer than most I know your feelin it Cristal's on ice I like to toast I keep on spillin it Bonecrushers I keep real close, I got the skill for this On my back the flyest clothes, lookin ill and shit Transactions illegitimate cause life is still a bitch; and then you die But for now life close your eyes and feel this dick Since diapers had nothin to live for like them lifers but  Makin sure every nigga stay rich within my cipher We paid the price the circle of success they turned my mic up I'm bout to hit these niggas with some shit that'll light your life up If every nigga in your clique is rich yo' clique is rugged Nobody will fall cause everyone will be each other's crutches I hope you fools choose to listen I drop jewels bust it These are the rules I follow in my life you gotta love it Jiggy Jigga lookin gully in the joint  If y'all niggas ain't talkin 'bout large money what's the point? (Chorus) [Verse 2] Even if it ain't sunny hey I ain't complainin  I'm in the rain doing a buck 40 hydroplanin what shorty (Where you disappear son?) Maintainin puttin myself in a position most of these rappers ain't in I'm livin the ill streets blues got you hunger painin Nothin to gain and a whole lot to lose you still singin fool I'm thorough in every boro my name be ringin Warmin it up for the perfect time to hit your brain and  Ya Feelin it? to all the girls I bought the girdle to conceal my bricks No doubt they can vouch my life is real as shit  95 south and poppy on the hill and shit And all the towns like Cambridge that I killed wit shit And all the thorough ass niggas that I hustle wit  Throw your joints in the air one time and bust your shit These fake rappers cant really know I'm lovin it ya feelin it (Chorus) - repeat 2X [Verse 3] What y'all ain't heard that nigga Jay hot? The Cristals they keep me wet like Baywatch I keep it tight for all the nights my momma prayed I'd stop  Said she had dreams a sniper hit me with a fatal shot It was nightmares ma Them dreams you say you got, give me the chills But these mills, well they make me hot - y'all don't feel me? Enough to stop the illin right But at the same time these dimes keep me feelin tight  I'm so confused; okay I'm gettin weeded now I know I contradicted myself, look I don't need that now  It's just once in a blue and it's nothin to do and the tension gets too thick for my sober mind to cut through I get to zonin - me and the chick on the L and then we're bonin I freed my mind, sometimes I here myself moanin Take one more toke then I leave that weed alone man It got me goin shit (Chorus) - repeat 3X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Reasonable Doubt Song: D'Evils Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One] This shit is wicked on these mean streets None of my friends speak We're all trying to win, but then again Maybe it's for the best though, cause when they're seeing too much You know they're trying to get you touched Whoever said illegal was the easy way out couldn't understand the mechanics And the workings of the underworld, granted Nine to five is how to survive, I ain't trying to survive I'm trying to live it to the limit and love it a lot Life ills, poison my body I used to say 'fuck mic skills' And never prayed to God, I prayed to Gotti That's right it's wicked, that's life I live it Ain't asking for forgiveness for my sins, ends I break bread with the late heads, picking their brains for angles on all the evils that the game'll do It gets dangerous, money and power is changing us And now we're lethal, infected with D'Evils... [Verse Two] We used to fight for building blocks Now we fight for blocks with buildings that make a killing The closest of friends when we first started But grew apart as the money grew, and soon grew black-hearted Thinkin back when we first learned to use rubbers He never learned so in turn I'm kidnappin his baby's mother My hand around her collar, feeding her cheese She said the taste of dollars was shitty so I fed her fifties About his whereabouts I wasn't convinced So I kept feedin her money 'til her shit started to make sense Who could ever foresee, we used to stay up all night at slumber parties Now I'm tryin to rock this bitch to sleep All the years we were real close Now I see his fears through her tears Know she's wishin we were still close Don't cry, it is to be In time, I'll take away your miseries and make 'em mine, D'Evils... [Verse Three] My flesh, no nigga could test My soul is possessed by D'Evils in the form of diamonds and lexuses The Exorcist, got me doing skits like Homie You don't know me, but the whole world owe me - strip! Was thought to be a pleasant guy all my fucking life So now I'm down for whatever, ain't nothing nice Throughout my junior high years it was all friendly But now this +Higher Learning+ got the +Remy+ in me Liquors invaded my kidneys Got me ready to lick off, mama forgive me I can't be held accountable, D'Evils beatin me down, boo Got me runnin with guys, making G's, tellin lies that sound true Come test me, I never cower For the love of money, son, I'm giving lead showers Stop screamin, you know the demon said it's best to die And even if +Jehovah Witness+, bet he'll never testify, D'Evils... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Reasonable Doubt Song: 22 Two's Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*people clapping*} Yo whassup everybody this is Maria Davis, Mad Wednesday's We here tonight to have a good time ("Yo! Start the show! Start the show!") Wait a minute; I see my man over there Jay-Z Jay-Z, Dame Dash let me hear that lil' tape of yours, and it's fat Why don't you come up here and kick a lil' freestyle Put that champagne down, and kick a lil' freestyle for me tonight [Jay-Z] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Can I kick it? (Yes you can!) *repeat 3X* Y'all motherfuckers musta hear that Tribe Called Quest, let's do it again Can I kick it? (Yes you can!) *repeat 3X* Well I'm gone... check this out Too much West coast dick-lickin, and too many niggaz on a mission Doin your best Jay-Z rendition Too many rough motherfuckers, I got my suspicions that you're just a fish in a pool of sharks nigga, listen Too many bitches wanna be ladies, so if you a hoe I'ma call you a hoe, too many bitches are shady Too many ladies give these niggaz too many chances Too many brothers wannabe lovers don't know what romance is Too many bitches stuck up from too many sexual advances No question; Jay-Z got too many answers I been around this block, too many times Rocked, too many rhymes, cocked, too many nines, too To all my brothers it ain't too late to come together Cause too much black and too much love, equal forever I don't follow any guidelines cause too many niggaz ride mine so I change styles every two rhymes, hah, what the fuck That's 22 too's for y'all motherfuckers out there, yaknahmean? Shall I continue? Check it out, what? Can I kick it? (Yes you can!) *repeat 3X* Well I'm gone... yo, yo, yo Copped to reach my quota, push rock, roll up smooth like on ya Whole groove like hold-up, swoll up Too many faggot niggaz, clockin my spendin Exercisin you're, gay like minds like Richard Simmons If you could catch Jay right, on the late night without the eight right, maybe you could test my weight, right I dip, speak quicker than you ever seen adminster pain, next the minister's screamin your name At your wake as I peak in, look in your casket feelin sarcastic, "Look at him, still sleepin" You never ready, forever petty minds stay petty Mines thinkin longevity until I'm seventy Livin heavenly, fuck, felony after felony, what? Nigga ya broke, what the fuck you gon' tell me? ("Oooooooooooh!") Jay-Z, Jay-Z, now you know this is a fat track (aight) Now this is comin on your new album, on Roc-A-Fella records in ninety-six (no doubt no doubt) well, it is definitely the bomb But you know I do wanna say somethin to you, I know you've been havin a lot of problems with the law But I know you innocent, and I'm behind you 100% Mad Wednesday's, Ruby King, DJ Ace, Dang Dash Roc-A-Fella Records, we all behind you, you can come back anytime (Hah, thanks a lot) Wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute Ace, turn that music down I smell some reefer, now you see? That's why, our people don't have anything Because we don't know how to go in places and act properly ("Hey shut the fuck up!") Wait a minute wait a minute who told me shut the eff up? Who told me to shut the eff up? Get him out of here I'm not gonna continue this show, until you throw him out Get him out right now, then I'ma continue my speech Thank you, he's out of here now, now like I was sayin We gotta build our own business, we gotta get our own record companies goin like Roc-A-Fella Records... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Reasonable Doubt Song: Can I Live Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah, hah, yeah Roc-A-Fella We invite you to, somethin epic y'all know? Well we hustle out of a sense of, hopelessness Sort of a desperation Through that desperation, we 'come addicted Sorta like the fiends we accustomed to servin But we feel we have nothin to lose so we offer you, well, we offer our lives, right What do you bring to the table? While I'm watchin every nigga watchin me closely my shit is butter for the bread they wanna toast me I keep my head, both of them where they supposed to be Hoes'll get you sidetracked then clap from closed feet I don't sleep, I'm tired, I feel wired like codeine, these days a brother gotta admire from four fiends away My pain wish it was quick to see, from sellin 'caine til brains was fried to a fricaisse, can't lie At the time it never bothered me, at the bar gettin my thug on properly, my squad and me lack of respect for authority, laughin hard Happy to be escapin poverty, however brief I know this game got valleys and peaks, expectation for dips, four percent pertation we stack chips, hardly The youth I used to be, soon to see a mill'in No more, Big Willie my game has grown prefer you call me William Illin for revenues, Rayful Edmond like Channel 7 news, round seven jewels, hand dead in the mic Forgettin all I ever knew, convenient amnesia I suggest you call my lawyer, I know the procedure Lock my body can't trap my mind, easily explain why we adapt to crime I'd rather die enormous than live dormant that's how we on it Live at the main event, I bet a trip to Maui on it Presidential suites my resedential for the weekend Confidentially speakin in codes since I sense you peekin The INXS rental, don't be fooled my game is mental We both out of town dog, what you tryin to get into? Viva, Las Vegas, see ya, later at the crap tables meet me by the one that starts a G up This way no fraud Willie's present gambling they re-up And we can have a pleasant time, sippin margaritas Ge-ge-geyeahhh, can I live? Can I live? My mind is infested, with sick thoughts that circle like a Lexus, if driven wrong it's sure to hurt you Dual level like duplexes, in unity, my crew and me commit atrocities like we got immunity You guessed it, manifest it in tangible goods Platinum Rolexed it, we don't lease we buy the whole care, as you should My confederation, dead a nation, EXPLODE on detonation, overload the mind of a said patient When it balls to steam, it comes to it we all fiends gotta do it, even righteous minds go through this True this, history school us to spend our money foolish Bond with jewellers and, watch for intruders I stepped it up another level, meditated like a buddhist Recruited lieutenants with ludicrous, dreams of gettin cream let's do this, against T-D-S So I keep one eye open like, C-B-S, ya see me stressed right? Can I live? Can I live? Can I live? Can I live? Ha-hah, Roc-A-Fella y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Foxy Brown Album: Reasonable Doubt/Nutty Professor soundtrack Song: Ain't No Nigga Typed by: OHHLA.com [Jay-Z] I keep it fresher than the next bitch no need..for you to ever sweat the next bitch ..with speed, I make the best bitch see the exit..indeed,  you gotta know your thoroughly respected by me, you get the keys to the Lexus, with no driver you gotcha own '96 suh-in..the ride and keep your ass tighter than Versace thats why you gotta watch your friends you got to watch me they conniving shit the first chance to crack the bank they try me, all they get is 50 cent franks and papayas, from the village to the tele time to kill it on your belly no question  I got more black chicks between my sheets than Essence they say sex is a weapon, so when I shoot mmet your death in less than 8 seconds still poundin in my after life.. laugin my shit is tight you who askin right... Chorus: Aint no nigga like the one I got no one can fuck you betta sleeps around but he gives me alot keeps you in diamonds and leathers friends 'ill tell me I should leave you alone hah hah, hah hah, hah hah, hah ha tell the freaks to find a man of there own (man a they own, man a they own) [Jay-Z] Fresh to def in Moschino, coach bag lookin half black and filipino fakin no jacks got you a beeper to feel important surrouding your feet in Joanie Dega's and Charles Jordan I keep ya dove but love  you know these ho's be makin me weak yall knows how it goes 'b and so I creep Ive been sinnin since you been playin wit Barbie and Ken in you can't change a players game in the 9th inning the chrome rim spinning keeps em grinnin so I run way the fuck up in em and wrinkle the face like linnin I play hard-eh till they say God.. he's keepin it real jigga stay hard lawd don't even trip I never slip, nigga what you dont see is whatcha get weapons concealed what the fuck yall feel when you nigga play sick we can all get ill -whats the deal- Chorus [Jay-Z] Yo, aint no stoppin this, no lie promise to stay monogamous, I try but love you know these ho's be makin me weak Y'all knows how it goes B so I stay deep [Foxy Brown] What up boo just keep me laced in the illa snakes bank rolls and shit, back rubs in the french tubs Mackin this bitch, wifee nigga  so when you flip that coke  remember them days you was dead broke but now your style and I raised you basically made you into a don flippin weight..heroin and shit you know my pussy is all that thats why I get bagets 5 carats and all that From Dolce Gabana to H Vendell I'm ringin bells so who the playa, I still keep you in the illest gators Tailor made so we can lay up in the shade reminiscin on how I fuck the best a shit specially when Im flippin Baileys dont give a fuck about how you move with them other mamis I push da Z, eating shrimp scampi with rocks larger than life Fuck them Reebok broads, you made it known who your wife was I got you frontin in Armani sweaters before this rap shit  when you was in letters and bullshit berattas and eek classes with mo in the glasses shows in Cali wit all the flavor suede Bally's now all your mens' up in your benz's high post, I swear you be killin me playin inside my pubic hairs I never worry bout them other chicks cuz you proved who was your wiz when you was spinnin that bitch I took a little when you was up north your comisary stay pilin how you livin large on the island all them collects have me vex but when you come home  knew I was comin off wit half of dem checks now we on the rise your diamond mami wit the slanted eyes holdin this grip cocked the green and the shit Fucks no, I see half the dough Made you into a star, pushin hundred thousand dollar cars Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Reasonable Doubt Song: Friend or Foe Typed by: OHHLA.com check one check two, you know what to do primo, cold crush when i give it to you friend or foe yo, state your biz ya tend to dough, ah , there it is me, i run the show, oh, and these kids don't like nobody commin around here fuckin wit they doe for shit you enterprisin though, and i like it but fuck with the big dogs though, i gotta bite ya, look, its out of my hands and you gettin money round here, its not in the plans so hop yo ass out of that van, head back to kansas i'm sendin niggas back up in campuses chance is slimmer than that chick in calvin klien pantses let me guess, they said it was money round here and the rest is me stoppin you from gettin it, correct? sorry to hear that, my guess is you got work at the hotel i'll take care of that , you'll see, now please  give me the room key you're twitchin, don't do that, you makin me nervous my crew, well, they do pack, them niggas is murderous so would ya, please put your hand back in sight they don't like to see me nervous you can understand that, right? you draw, better be picasso, y'know the best cause if this is not so, ah, god bless you leave me no choice, i leave you no voice believe me son i hate to do it just as bad as you hate to see it done  now calm your boys,  cause i'm findin it a little hard to concentrate with all the noise get the point, i'll let ya go,  before ya leave,i guess i aughta let you know, i need those keys and promise you never, no matter the weather evaevaevaevaevaevaevaevaeva come around here no mo' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Memphis Bleek Album: Reasonable Doubt Song: Coming of Age Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Yeah... Come experience... life as we know it As some of you should know it, yeah, yeah Place, Marcy, Brooklyn Actions... well, y'all know the actions Uhh, I got this shorty on my block always clockin my rocks He likes the style and profile I think he wanna mock He likes the way I walk, he sees my money talkin to honies hawkin I'm the hottest nigga in New York and I see his hunger pains, I know his blood boils He wanna, run with me, I know this kid'll be loyal I watched him make a few ends, to cop his little sneakers and gear then it's just enough for re-up again I see myself in his eyes, I moved from Levi's to Guess to Versace, now it's diamonds like Liberace That's just the natural cycle, nobody wanna be like Michael where I'm from, just them niggaz who bounce from a gun We out here trying to make hard white into cohhhhld green I can help shorty blow out like Afro-Sheen Plus I can relive my days of youth which is gone That little nigga's peeps, it's time to put him on Chorus: Jay-Z and Memphis Bleek It's time to come up (and hold my own weight, defend my crown) Gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand my ground) It's time to come up (stick up my chest, and make some loot) Gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand on my own two) [Memphis Bleek] I'm out here slingin bringin the drama, tryin to come up in the game and add a couple of dollar signs to my name I'm out here servin disturbin the peace, life could be better like my man reclined in plush leather seats He's sellin weight, I'm sellin eight... balls sixteen tryin to graduate to pushin quarters y'all I ain't gon' sweat him I'ma let him come to me If he give me the nod then these niggaz gon' see I'm tired of bein out here round the clock and breakin day, and chasin crackers up the block for my pay I'm stayin fresh, so chickens check I'm tryin to step up to the next level, pushin Vettes to the Jets Diamonds reflect from the sun, directly in your equilibirum and stunned I'm waitin for my day to come I got the urge, to splurge, I don't wanna lifetime sentence just give me the word Chorus [JZ] Hey fella I been watchin you clockin [MB] Who me holdin down this block it ain't nothin   You the man nigga now stop frontin [JZ] Hahahh I like your style [MB] Nah, I like YO' style [JZ] Let's drive around awhile [MB] Cool nigga [JZ] Here's a thou' [MB] A G? I ride witchu for free   I want the longterm riches and bitches [JZ] Have it all; now listen to me   You let them other niggaz get the name, skip the fame   Ten thou' or a hundred G keep yo' shit the same [MB] On the low? [JZ] Yeah, the only way to blow   You let your shit bubble quietly [MB] AND THEN YOU BLOW! [JZ] Hey keep your cool   The only way to peep a fool is let him show his hand   Then you play your cards [MB] Then he through dealin I understand [JZ] Don't blow your dough on hotties [MB] The only thing I got in this world is my word and my nuts   and won't break em for nobody! [JZ] Hah, I like resume, pick a day, you can start [MB] From now until death do us part... Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Reasonable Doubt Song: Cashmere Thoughts Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z has a conversation with some cat] Hah, hah, hah, hah, yeah, yeah What it is player? 	You player, it's all about you How you gon' say that man If I had your hand I'd turn mine in 	Far as I'm concerned, if I had your hand, I cut mines off Hah man, you know man, I'm just dealin that hoe money You know hoe money is slow money but it's sho' money 	Check this out man, when you run up on your bitch 	this this is what you tell her 	Stick they hands in they panties, grab that knot 	Stick they arm in a car window, drop it like it's hot [Jay-Z] Uhh, I talk jewels and spit diamonds, all cherry like a hymen, when I'm rhymin with remarkable timin Caviar and silk dreams, my voice is linen Spittin venom up in the, minds of young women Mink thoughts to think thoughts type similar Might you remember, my shit is col-l-l-ld like December Smoother than Persian rugs, the cashmere chromosomes make a nigga Jigga Jay-Z lethal drugs Eighteen carat gold pen, when it hits the sheets Words worth a million like I'm rappin em through platinum teeth I got the Grey Poupon, you been warned Cause all beef return well done filet mignon The Don, smell of Dom on my breath as I yawn, (slow) when you hoes try to con a pro As if you didn't know, Jay's about gettin dough Spittin flow like fine wines down your earlobe I'm smooth but deadly like a pearl handled pistol Honies hum in melody when I, rub it like crystal The proper ettiquette, when I drop the subject verb then the predicate, with this rich nigga preterite I'm solid gold, I rap like a mink stole I stick pearl tongues your world'll never know From New York, to Paris, the vocal style vary From nice to deadly like a bad bag of D, now Notice, the child swift like a Lotus Focus on the loc' I be the greatest nigga that wrote it Return of the Jedi, from Rio Degenero on da red eye Yet I, still feel the need to be fly I did die when I'm rappin then slide like satin You know the black eye white china in the brain cabinet I never cry if I did I'd cry ice From my nigga Sauce, I hit you with this advice Life's short, so play hard and stick hard and the only time you love em is when your dick hard 	Whoooh! That's cashmere baby Nah, you know, that's just laid back man 	Man, shit, J to the A to the Y to the Z Yeah baby 	Motherfuckin pimp that's what he be Cashmere baby 	Don't get no hotter than that Sho' you're right 	Them niggaz know Check it out, check it out Ghettoes, Errol Flynn, hot like heroin Young pimps is sterile when I pimp through your burough in I gotta keep your tricks intact Cause I walk like a p-iyimp, talk like a mack man The star player, the golden bar layer The sweet Ms. Fine Thing puh-layah, sho' yo right I'm game tight, so watch it it change to night Go tell your peeps dawg I'm lethal til it ain't right I pimp hard on a trick, look Fuck if your leg broke bitch, hop up on your good foot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Big Jaz, Sauce Money Album: Reasonable Doubt Song: Bring It On Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sauce Money] Aiyyo Jay word up; these motherfuckers Fuckin talkin that comeback shit like they cookin crack Shit I ain't frontin all I want my pockets green like slum change Yaknahmsayin? Front the roll we roll back like rubbers motherfucker For real; with no trace of AIDS We keep our pockets fully blown, Roc-A-Fella click nigga Aiyyo we pattin down pussy from Sugarhill to the Shark Bar Fuck a bitch D in the marked car We got the bad bitches gaspin for air in Aspen Searchin for aspirin when I ask then, we swing You cling we do our thing and bring Sling your ding-a-ling from Bed-Stuy Brooklyn to Beijing East coast hostess hostile colossal, money flarin like nostrils for drug dealin apostles, huh Al Pacino down to Nino Brown Me Jay and Primo, got it sewed across the board like poquino Teflon, make sure your jammy is full Cause I heard, Sammy the Bull lamps in Miami with pull Tropical leaves where I got a few keys with my man I'll stock a few G's, now it's unstoppable cheese Said we was garbage, so fuck college Street knowledge amazin to scholars when we coin phrases for dollars Star studded bitches with cristals, get fucked with pistols just to see my shit, discharge puss I drop the stellar, even acapella I got to tell all about Roc-A-Fella [Chorus: Fat Joe] Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang And if not then let me do my thang (repeat 4X) [Jay-Z] Mannerisms of a young Bobby DeNiro, spent spanish wisdoms in a whip with dinero, crime organized like the pharoah I cream, I diamond gleam High post like Hakeem, got a lot of things to drop Brooklyn to Queens, I gotta keep my steam Niggaz wanna try to hem my long jeans Uptown fiend for Jay-Z to appear on the scene In the meanwhile, here's somethin dope for y'all to lean Liason for days on in Money make the world go around so I made songs to spin Can I Live, did dough, with my nigs, dividends flow like the Mississippi riv', lookin jig' Can't do for dolo, had to turn away when Tony killed Manolo That's real, mixed feelings like a mulatto Thug thought he was O.G. Bobby Johnson I played him like Benny Blanco, mano a mano you ain't ready, I find no trigger straight up shoot my guns horizontal, get your weight up, I am two point two pounds you're barely a hundred and twenty-five grams Wouldn't expect y'all to understand this money Do the knowledge, do the few dollars, I'm due to demolish Crews Brooklyn through Hollis to a hood near you, what the fuck... ("Bring it on if you think you can hang..." --> Fat Joe) [Big Jaz] Money is power I'm into cheddick with facial credit Pure platinum fetish for cheddars Spread letters you move you're deadish I make moves that remove pebbles out of shoes You suck pistol like pipe with the cristal John Stockton couldn't assist you Cowboys or Benzes like we foulin in the U.N. So what the fuck you doin? Whatever nigga Fahrvegnugen, rugged yet polished Spankin dollars with the commas bangin bitches out the Bahamas On hides of llama we cry nada, fly frather Fry hotter, you die gotta Fuck with me witness manana Absence of malice in my palace Call cousin now Dallas trigger finger with the callous Tip scales from mail to keep these niggaz off balance Your frequent stops to O.T.B. you feedin me Steam a nigga schemin on the wrist action with the gleams Jewels for Pop Duke fulfill your dreams Never put the pure brown sugar before the dirty green cream Chorus "Yeah, bring it on... bring it on..." --> Fat Joe (repeat 5X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Reasonable Doubt Song: Regrets Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Stress Sunshine, geyeah I sold it all from crack to o-pium, in third person I don't wanna see em, so I'm rehearsin with my peoples high to GM, from a remote lo-cation in the BM, scopin the whole situation like, "Dayamm!" Metamorphic, as the dope turns to cre-am but one of these buyers got eyes like a Korean It's difficult to read em, the windows to his soul are half closed, I put the key in Pulled off slow, hopin my people flee-in Chink tried to knock the only link that tied me in Coppers was watchin us through nighttime binoculars This time they got us on tape, exchangin dope for dollars Make me wanna, holler back at the crib in the sauna Prayin my people bailed out like Time/Warner Awaitin call, from his kin not the coroner Phone in my hand, nervous confined to a corner Beads of sweat second thoughts on my mind How can I ease the stress and learn to live with these regrets This time... stress... givin this shit up... fuck Chorus One: This is the number one rule for your set In order to survive, gotta learn to live with regrets On the, rise to the top, many drop, don't forget In order to survive, gotta learn to live with regrets This is the number one rule for your set In order to survive, gotta learn to live with regrets And through our travels we get seperated, never forget In order to survive, gotta learn to live with regrets As sure as this, Earth is turning souls burning in search of higher learning turning in every direction seeking direction My moms cryin cause her insides are dyin her son tryin her patience, keep her heart racin A million beats a minute, I know I push you to your limit but it's this game love, I'm caught up all in it They make it so you can't prevent it, never give it you gotta take it, can't fake it I keep it authentic My hand got this pistol shakin, cause I sense danger like Camp Crystal Lake and don't wanna shoot him, but I got him, trapped within this infrared dot, bout to hot him and, hit rock bottom No answers to these trick questions, no time shit stressin My life found I got ta live for the right now Time waits for no man, can't turn back the hands once it's too late, gotta learn to live with regrets Chorus Two: You used to hold me, told me that I was the best Anything in this world I want I could posess All that made me want is all that I could get In order to survive, gotta learn to live with regrets... (when I was young) (repeat 2X) I found myself reminiscin, remember this one when he was here he was crazy nice with his son I miss him, long as I'm livin he's livin through memories He's there to kill all my suicidal tendencies In heaven lookin over me, or in hell, keepin it cozy I'm comin life on these streets ain't what it's supposed to be Remember Newton, mutual friend well me and him feudin On your life I tried to talk to him But you know niggaz, think they guns can stop foe niggaz Frontin like they're, Big Willie but really old niggaz Hoe niggaz, this year I'm sho' niggaz think I'm slippin I'm bought to send you a roommate, no bullshittin for my hustle's goin too well to hit him You was right niggaz want you to be miserable wit em Anyway, I ain't tryin to hear it, I think I'm touched this whole verse I been talkin to your spirit, a little too much Chorus One: repeat 2X Roc-A, Roc-A, Roc-A, Roc-A-Fella y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Memphis Bleek Album: Reasonable Doubt Song: Can I Live II Typed by: Itsfinest@aol.com [Jay-Z] Geyeah, y'all nigaas finished yo Is y'all niggas finished Got your little radio play your little BDS, huh You finished nigga, huh huh, y'all finished Can I live, huh Can I live, Joe your bein' stingy with the music bin yo [Jay-Z] Yo, yo...yo, I blacks out, I pulls the mack out Scream "Whats that about," then I clap out I get my plot on, in my drop on Through the rotten, don't even hate on those who hate me I got 'Pac on, feelin' it (feelin' it) Chickens are ice grillin' it Cops pullin' it over, Jigga react militant Speed off, officer told me to turn the beat off I turned it a level higher, then return the devils fire I'm raised different, reactin' situations Niggas lay stiff and, rookies blame it on the age difference My subliminal flows create criminal O's Sing along if you with me, til the end of the road I'm cynical when in the view of the public And this is because, I'm defensive when I'm in interviews The percentage who dont understand is higher than the percentage who do Check yourself, what percentage is you? Can I live For all my niggas with all white airforce ones and black guns, stack ones yo Can I live  For all my chicks, pigeons, hoes stand bow legged like the bulldog, know what  I mean, huh? Can I live To all the ce-lo champs, two green dice and one red stop the bank and roll  heads yo Can I live To all my niggas who drink hennesy straight, cop mix tapes, and sell weight  niggas [Jay-Z] I got the feds sending me letters 'cause Im schooling the youth But they cant lock me down 'cause my tool is the truth Yeah I sold drugs for a living, thats a given Why is it? why dont y'all try to visit the neighboorhoods I lived in My mind been through hell, my neighborhood is crime central Where cops lock you more than try to defend you I push you to the limit when I'm needing the wealth And all I see is life cycle just repeatin' itself Ran into shorty boppin' down the ave On his way to clockin' mad then He proceeded to show me a block of slab and said [Memphis Bleek] Aiyyo theres money I there I just gotta have When I catch up to these feinds Im'a knock 'em on they ass Not to brag, sometimes I look at life and laugh How I think about school and it taught me not a ??? When I backed out, let one one, let the barrel turn Holla at you faggots that its my block to burn That credit you dead it, I know heads gettin' annoyed and knew all About a dope feind before reading donald goings Flipping boying, using the right cut One thing thats fucked up is bad dope that I cant pump This slab gotta re-up and rebag, blend it in with the raw Bubble it fast cop more, once I get it I got it I lock it Nobody pop shit, selling twenties on my block bitch For some blacktop shit What you want nigga, what you want nigga What you want, what you want nigga Can I live... To all my niggas that hold coke and they bubble coat Tryin' to win in the construction Timbs yo Can I live... Yo USA, all my chicks that strip, boo's, go to the store with the dewey pins  still in All my chicks with the credit card scams, two kids, one job, and no man All my chicks gettin' that washing set with their welfare check All the mommies dame besa, alright? All my niggas rockin' them fifty cats, tryin' to get at this rap Know what I mean? All my cats with open cases, big cars, and no licenses, I like that shit,  I'll see y'all All my niggas at St. Pauls after they say some fucked up shit Rock on and uh, Jigga shit, Rockafella forever yo Uhh, Major Coins, yeah, uhh huh Memph Bleek nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 Song: Intro/A Million And One Questions/Rhyme No More Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [somebody whispering] Somebody's pulling me closer to the ground I ain't panicked, I been here before Seems like only yesterday when I got up on that stage In front of that crowd And showed them who was who, and what was what Man look at these suckers I ain't no rapper, I'm a hustler It just so happens that I know how to rap Okay, I'm reloaded! (music drops in) [Jay-Z] I did it again niggaz Fucked up, right? I know I know what y'all niggaz asking yourself Is he gonna ever fall off? No... ...a lot of speculation on the monies I've made, honeys I've slayed How is he for real? Is that nigga really paid? Hustlers I've met or, dealt with direct Is it true he slay the beef and slept with a tech? What's the position you hold? Can you really match a triple platinum artist buck by buck by only a single goin gold? Roc-A-Fella ship fold, and you're left out in the cold Is it back to charging motherfuckers 11 for an O For the millionth time askin me Questions like Wendy Williams, harrassin me then get upset when I catch feelings Can I get a minute to breathe? And in that minute you leave While I'm looking at my Rol' ice spinnin on my sleeve Uh, nice watch, do you really have a spot? Like you said in Friend or Foe and if so, what block? What you doin in L.A., with phillipinos and ese's Latinos and Cheve's, down by Pico withh Frederico I answer all your questions but then y'all got to go Now the question I ask you is how bad you want to know? BLAOW! Roc-A-Fella y'all, uhh, uh Know my style Motherfuckers can't rhyme no more, bout crime no more Til I'm no more, cause I'm so raw My flow expose holes that they find in yours Wasn't for me, niggaz still be dying for whores But I hate when a nigga sit back, admirin yours Young blood you better get that, we frying baccars Niggaz don't want to be confined to riding the iron horse And don't listen to the rappers, they dying to floss I used to be O.T., applyin the force Shoot up the whole block, then the iron I toss Come back with the click playing Diana Ross I'm the boss and this is how it's gonna be Burnt the turnpike, wild miles on the V I got mouths to feed till they put flowers on me And kiss my cold cheek, chicks crying like I was Cochise Tombstone read 'He Was Holdin No Leaks' Started from the crack game and then so sweet Freaked it to the rap game, Jigga the old-G On MTV, telling em how I sold D And used to back work up out of apartment 4-B Me and my homie, started out coldies Picked the mailbox lock cause I ain't have no key Had the cable with the anchor when Jaz made 'Sophie' Then I went low key, but now I'm back it's on Motherfuckers Jigga, uh-huh, yeah Roc-A-Fella y'all Uhh, feel this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Blackstreet Album: In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 Song: The City is Mine Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Uh-uhh-uh, ge-ge-geyeah Chorus: Blackstreet You belong to the city (Uh-uhh-uh, what what) You belong to the night (Uh-uhh-uh, ge-ge-geyeah) In the river of darkness He's a man of the night Verse One: Jay-Z Uhh, yeah What the deal playboy, just rest your soul I be holding it down yo still love the dough Got these ladies on the cock now you know how we go Got the whole world on lock down you know how we flow Don't worry about Brooklyn I continue to flame Therefore a world with amnesia won't forget your name You held it down long enough, let me take those reigns And just like your spirit the commision remains Niggaz can cross the T's and, dots the I's Now that I got too popular to cop them pies I'm takin this rap shit serious, to my demise Jay shit's like cake mix, watch me rise Basics in the basement, waste it Asking my dog for advice so when he can't say shit my hatred is, fueled just give me a sign And I let the world know that the city is mine, what? Chorus: Blackstreet You belong to the city (The city is mine, what-what-what) You belong to the night (Ge-ge-geyeah, uh-uhh-uh, pa-pau) In the river of darkness He's a man of the night (The city is mine, that's right...) Verse Two: Jay-Z Y'all want to know how I flow just seek and you find I'm like a brain in the voicebox, I speak my mind About to redefine rap mami, either I'm the illest nigga doing it or these niggaz is losin it I read a article that said I was ruinin shit But every time I look, I'm movin units in quick So I'ma hit y'all, with these last two and split and leave niggaz with nothing but my influences-es Soon it's the Jigga, I ain't mad yeah, bite my shit Sell half of what I sell because it's not quite my shit I'm the type to buy a Roley and just ice my shit on the spot, fuck comin back twice to shit How real is that? My floss game, still intact Boss game, you lame dudes can't feel that Like the first dude to cop the 850 and 89 and drove it up to 55th, the city is mine, what? Chorus: Blackstreet You belong to the city (The city is mine) You belong to the night (Yeah, uhh, the city is mine) In the river of darkness (Pa-pa, feel me) He's a man of the night (Yeah, yeah, bounce, bounce) Verse Three: Jay-Z I snatch your girl cause your arm ain't strong enough Plus ya don't stay in the studio long enough I make hits while y'all stay hatin and take bricks Had it locked til I came in the club, Take 6 Got your chick cause you swore she was innocent Got her a Chinese manicure hair done by Dominicans, all for what So I could be in a dark corner, all in the butt at the bar alchoholing her up I represent the lifestyle of those who thirst cream A buck fifty a shot, Louis the Thirteenth Jay-Z, Roc-A-Fella yo, know the name I ain't a player get it right, I'm controllin the game From now until they blow holes in my frame I'ma stand firm, holdin my aim, feel me? I'm the focal, point like Biggie in his prime on the low though - shhhhh, the city is mine! Chorus w/ variations to end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Lil' Kim, Puff Daddy Album: In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 Song: I Know What Girls Like Typed by: janis@betatesters.com [Verse One: Jay-Z] Peep the scripts, Scoped honey from the whip Jumped out like YO! Who the fuck you with? Flash the jewels cause that's the rule Damn I like a girl who spend a little cash for her shoes Face natural - can I get at you? Saw a spot on the body look nice with a tattoo With my name, but didn't want to jump the gun I Didn't Know how many niggas was humping hon I said I never seen a face like yours before And I been around some cute whores before That either me or my boys tore it up before So I'm hoping you different  Let you push the 6 And give you a different life and Baby if it's right jump on it in the morning And ride it 'til the night Want to buy you real jewelry when it hits the light Bitches'll momentarily lose they sight She said I know what boys like I know what they want I know what boys like, boys like I know what boys like I know what they want I know what boys like, boys like me [Verse Two: Lil' Kim] So want a cutie with a booty like POW! Deeper than a MILE! Earrings shine like TADOW! But I'm a real bitch so you know I do real things Only real bitches live like queens - Get it? Safety deposit in the walk-in closet Marvel Forts is for matching Rolls Royce's In the driveway from Monday to Friday I be the richest, shitting on these bitches While chickens cluck giving up the butt I plays the cut with the Daddy Warbucks You can call me a slut, who gives a fuck That's fine nigga shit, I'm a good with mine I can tell by your shoes you know what I want Fuck a pre-nup give me half up front My sex be the best so we split these costs You can stop saying mine And start saying ours I know what girls like I know what they want They want to sex me They think I'm sexy I know what girls like, girls like me I know what boys like I know what they want They want to sex me They think I'm sexy I know what boys like, boys like me [Verse Three: Jay-Z] Got the bomb place, fireplace John Blaze Victoria Secret lingerie, ice like Don Kay The price was like eight digits a long way, shit Got the beachfront view, V1 too Cop you one cop me one too On the place, jet ski's park by the lake No neighbors, make all the noise you want to make Invite your friends over Let 'em make their way through the Benz's and the Rovers before they reach the door Vacate, hey wait, a week or more First class to and fro, freakin off Got to have things locked, champagne popped Cruise around the world 'til the damn thing stop Cop Rembrandt, hang 'em, pay the lot Can't complain, we ballin, true or not ma? [Chorus: 2x] I know what girls like I know what they want I know what girls like, girls like I know what girls like I know what they want I know what girls like, girls like me I know what boys like I know what they want I know what boys like, boys like I know what boys like I know what they want I know what boys like, boys like me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 Song: Imaginary Player Typed by: OHHLA.com Yeah I mean like I gotta be like the pioneer to this shit, you know I was popping that Cristal when all y'all niggaz thought it was beer and shit, you know Wearing that platinum shit when all y'all chicks thought it was silver and shit I got to be the pioneer of this shit Bottom line I'm going to show you how to do it Check it [Verse One] I spit that other shit  That's the nice motherfucker shit Fed time follow me around, deep cover shit nigga You beer money, I'm all year money I'm popping, you ain't got to count it, it's all there money I never change money 'cause niggas got strange money NARC'd up, marked up, fucked up in the game money I got bail money, XXL money  You got flash now, one time we'll reveal money I spit the hottest shit, you need it I got it shit That down South Master P, Bout It Bout It shit I got blood money, straight up thug money That brown paper bag under your mattress drug money  You got show dough, little to no dough Sell a bunch of records and you still owe dough  I got 900 and 96 plus 4 more dough You crazy, you fugazy I'm loco with dough papo Chorus: (4x) Imaginary Players [Verse Two] And now you got these young cats acting like they slung cats All in they dumb rap, talking about how they funds stack When I see them in the street, I don't see none of that Bad playboy, where the fuck is the hummer at? Where is all the ice with all the platinum under that? Those ain't rolex diamonds, what the fuck you done to that? Y'all rapping-ass niggas, y'all funny to me Selling records, being you but still you want to be me I guess for every buck you make it's like a hundred for me And still you running around thinking you got something on me But I done did it And y'all want to take my flow, and run with it That's cool, I was the first one with it Original, jiggas the future flow digital Still busting a gat when she gets critical Sit it down, I don't want y'all to get it confused I rip it down, like I ain't got nothing to lose Chorus [Verse Three] Groupies I leave them all fucked; niggaz, awe struck Your single was 99 cents, mines was 4 bucks Last year, when niggas thought it was all up But this year I've done it again, jigga!  What the fuck Nigga stop whining, jigga, still shining Niggas kept complaining so I copped more diamonds Rock more Versace, ain't nothing sweet I still throw t'ree in your body, fleeing the party Y'all can't go with me, nope, flow with me  Bet 50, not dollars either I brought some dough with me I flow like the 5 series, in various areas And blow holes in your weak niggas theories It's funny how one verse can fuck up the game You bought a 4.0 you better get your change Ain't no platinum in those Cartiers, switch your frame Ain't no manicurist on board, then switch your plane Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 * Song: Streets Is Watching Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * album version is inexplicably censored [Intro] Uh-huh uh huh uh Gee-gee-geyeah Baby, watchin, streets ("You boys are soft like bread") Uh-huh uh huh uh You don't have to look Uh-huh uh The streets is watching Check it, check Uh-huh uh, check [Verse One] Look, if I shoot you, I'm brainless But if you shoot me, then you're famous -- what's a n*gga to do? When the, streets is watching, blocks keep clocking Waiting for you to break, make your first mistake Can't ignore it, that's the fastest way to get extorted But my time is money, at twenty-five, I can't afford it Beef is sorted like Godiva, chocolates N*ggaz you bought it, I pull the slide back and cock it Plan aborted, you and your mans get a pass This rhyme, you're operating on f*ck time Y'all n*ggaz ain't worth my shells, all y'all n*ggaz tryin to do is hurt my sales, and stop trips to John McNale The type to start a beef then, run to the cops When I see you in the street got, one in the drop When I'd rather be on tour gettin a, hundred a pop Taking pictures with some b*tches, in front of the drop The streets is watching When the, streets is watching Blocks keep clocking Waiting for you to break, make your first mistake Can't ignore it [Verse Two] Now it's hard not to kill n*ggaz It's like a full time job not to kill n*ggaz, can't chill the streets is watchin.. when you froze your arms N*ggaz wanna test you and your gun goes warm Can't get caught with your feet up, gotta keep your heat up Sweet n*ggaz running 'round swearing sh*t is sweeter Once you're tagged lame the game is follow the leader Everybody want a piece of your scrilla, so you gotta keep it realer Kidnap n*ggaz wanna steal ya Broke n*ggaz want no cash, they just wanna kill ya for the name, n*ggaz don't know the rules Disrespectin the game, want you to blow your cool Force your hand, of course that man's plottin Smarten up, the streets is watchin, it's on [Verse Three] My street mentality flip bricks forever, know me and money we like armed co-defendants, n*gga we stick together Sh*t whatever for this cheddar ran my game into the ground Hustle harder to see it if indictment time came around And you can look up and down the streets and I can't be found Put in twenty-four hour shifts but, that ain't me now Got a face too easy to trace, n*ggaz mouths got slow leaks Had to hide between my workers, couldn't play those streets She out of space like Mercury you jerkin me? Hectic Had to call upon my wolves to send, n*ggaz the message I said this: 'Let's play fair and we can stay here I'm trying to transform you Boyz II Men like daycare' Hey there's money to be made and, n*ggaz got the picture Stopped playing with my paper and, we got richer Then hard times fell upon us, half of my staff had warrants, the other half, in the casket lay dormant I felt like life was cheating me, for the first time in my life I was getting money but it was like my concious was eating me Was this a lesson God teaching me? Was he saying that? I'm playing the game straight from Hell from which few came back like bad coke, pimp or die, was my mindframe bad Was n*ggaz thinkin simplify was turning cocaine crack? Ain't a whole lot of brain to that, just trying to maintain a stack and not collide like two trains that's on the same track    But, get my life together like the oars I bring back In the bottom of the pot where no, water gets hot Got my transporter take it 'cross the border then stop To set up shop with a quarter of rock - here's the plan! For three straight weeks, n*ggaz slaughtered the block But you know the game is 'lluted, f*cked up me and my dues One drop can wipe a n*gga out, faster than the cops and this unstable way of living just, had to stop Half of my n*ggaz got time, we done real things By ninety-four became the subject of half of y'all n*ggaz rhymes Public apoligies to the families of those caught up in my street But that's the life for us lost souls brought up in the streets The life and times of a demonic mind, excited with crime And the lavish luxuries that just excited my mind I figured, 'Sh*t why risk myself I just write it in rhymes And let you feel me, and if you don't like it then fine' The mindstate, of a n*gga who boosted the crime rate so high in one city they send National Guards to get me Ya dig? The streets The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 Song: Friend or Foe '98 Typed by: OHHLA.com Verse One: I'm done talking Ran up in the spot gun smoking Shot it in the air, one woke him Sun-soaking, sweating in his bed like Dunlo Thinking to himself what done provoked him His thoughts is racing like a vulcan I swear I saw a lightbulb when He finally figured out who was the culprit I said yeah, remember me from Friend or Foe when I told you don't ever ever come around here no more Time to pay now, you try to rise, I wave the gun - lay down This time you're really going to listen to Jay now I try to talk sensibly, hoping that eventually you realize I had this locked and it just wasn't meant to be Plus I had sympathy when we all wore rams with your keys And it wasn't afterthought that maybe you'll try to revenge me But I was like "Nah", Chromes had to know he was wrong And if you caught me on the foul now you would sing me the same song Plus you promised And that's really no fun  Yeah I find you in this Motel 6 with all these guns And all your goons, lined up in adjoining rooms Like some wild cowboys coming to get me at high noon But my mind's like a flower in bloom *** my eyes just scower the room I'm alert, plus I paid the clerk I got it laid out You think you the first nigga I played out, in a 2 hotel town?  Come on now, I peep your Lexus at you Left the exit got some niggas on that side of the town Money well invested, rudely interrupted Jamaican accents ***  A gun in your face and that's all you can come up with? I'm done talking, back up and clap them, one in the abdomen  Do me a favor dude, get 2 ice cubes I pass them Take that ice up, for the nicest MC And please yo, tell BIG, he's unbelievable  Friend or foe BIOTCH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: In My Lifetime Vol. 1 Song: Lucky Me Typed by: I3omb1st@aol.com How can you fairly assess something from the outside looking in? There's gotta be them times you'll be wrong. Nah Mean? How can a mother fucka go round and hate a nigga  he never even met that he dont even know and shit? I think this rap shit is all beef Y'all dont even know every day I'm livin with stress Got up out the streets you think a nigga could rest Can't even enjoy myself at a party unless I'm on the dance floor hot ass vest You think I'm freakin' these chicks right? I'try not to brush against they chest You get a lawsuit for shit like that, I feel trapped Swear to everything when I leave this earth It's gon' be on both feet, never knees in the dirt You could try me fucka but when I squeeze it hurts, fine We'll lose two lives, yours and mines Gimme any amount of time dont let Ms. Carter grieve at the funeral parlor drippin' tears on my sleeve Told the judge didn't budge it was him or me and I ain't trying to be hard but I'm guilty as charged Put my mercy on this court and my faith in God  And pray hard none of my nephews wanna be stars...Lucky Me Chorus: Karen Anderson You only know what you see,  You dont understand what it takes to be me. I hate all girls with alterior motives That's why I'm twenty plus years old, no sons no daughters Hate putting my life in the hands of fake promoters Hear the hate in my voice right? I hate that you noticed Niggas wanna strip to the bone for shit you own Hate a nigga like that faggot, get your own Hate that I can't roam the street without the clip and chrome Knowing one day Im'a have to flip, c'mon You know the shit don't stop 'til the Crist don't pop And you have to kill a nigga and your wrist don't lock I'm trapped the whole worlds against me in fact, It aint no turning back. Bring It On Hate the price of fame cause it cost too much Can I live without y'all niggas saying I floss too much? Hate the way you make this hate flow all through us Steady looking for flaws through us.... Lucky Me Chorus: Karen Anderson, Jay-Z You only know what you see,  You dont understand what it takes to be me You only know what you see,  (Since I was 4 years old, I been told, everything that glitters ain't gold) You dont understand what it takes to be me  (And now that I've arrived I see those truths unfold before my eyes in this world so cold) Nigga see you in the street, pretend to be friendly But I know any type of success breeds envy I know in the back of your mind your conjuring ways to hen me Leave my friends in a circle pouring out Henny But G's is heaven bound so how I'm gon' receive  Anything y'all pour to the ground next time throw it up And ain't nothing changed so even in my afterlife I show it up Dont grieve for me my art remains like a dart from the speaker to your heart Spiritually through the portal now my words as a mortal Plan to leave without a fight I plant a seed I give life Though I can't see past the girls greed to call her wife Next time your thinking heist better be precise Cause I'm fully prepared. One of us is gon' leave here I have no regrets even though I wanna see grow My godsons Boogie, Sonny and Rimo Chorus x 4 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Babyface, Foxy Brown Album: In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 Song: Sunshine Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] What, tssh, y'all, what Jigga, uhh uhh uhh, uh-huh Pa-pa, uhh, pa-pa, uhh The G, Roc-A-Fella y'all Who be, in a Japanese restaurant, eating sushi Drinking saki, it's me, and my mami with the doobie Cutie, smellin like Tiaka, half-Phillipine thing For now, let's call her Suki, got me this booty bangin Properly, in Versace pants, cocky bow-legged stance A thing of beauty, watch me, body crazy Tits Firm like Nature, Foxy, Nas and AZ Truly reason to bug the toolie and keep laced in jewelry watch me Girlie tried to lure me and lock me you gotta get up early Cause who's gettin played is not me "Surely you jest," she said, "if you thought I was purely out for the bucks you woulda bucked stuck and dropped me" I said maturely, "You right but better safe than sorry, but for the lovebirds can move to the suburbs, I need to double check your story To make sure that you one of a kind And you deserve to be my Sunshine" Chorus: Babyface (variations not listed except for first time) Touch me with, a heart of gold (uh-huh) I can't go a day without my sunshine (uh-huh) ahh-haaa (say what? uhh) Touch me with, a smile of gold (yeah) I can't go a day without my sunshine, sunshine (uhh, uhh, uhh) [Jay-Z], (Foxy Brown) A year gone, and she seein things most chicks only hear in songs (uh-huh) keep in gear phenom Lots of ice in the air, round the neck the charm (that's right) Risked a four to life bid to keep that shit on her arm Keep her impressed at all times, cats would love to creep (uh-huh) just to say they crept with mine, slept with mine, she said [Foxy Brown], (Jay-Z) I ain't deaf nor blind, niggaz stressin Hatin cause they less than mine, they wanna sex me We chose each other, you actin like you chose me They oppose you then, they oppose me We could creep at a low speed, the gat in the hosiery Double cross you they got to triple cross me (I'm thinking that's the way it's supposed to be) Uh-huh (One more thing:  If I ever go broke, would you hit the block for me?) Fo' sho' (She replied, eyes open wide) Uhhhh (Put that on everything?) I put that on my life (Right) Chorus [Jay-Z], (Foxy Brown) If I needed would you, give me your kidneys? (Uhh, uhh, fo' sho') Catch a case you catch it with me? (Mmm, fo' sho') Pawn your jewlery to come get me? (You better know) Catch me with a chick, forgive me? (Uhh, now that, I don't know) They spread rumors, will you defend me, tooth and nail? (Uh-huh) They try to frame me, will you be there, till the truth prevail? (uhh) (But would you be the same dude, when you blow the roof off sales  that you was, throwin rocks, at the Roof at 12, nigga?) This is the truth I shell, till the loot gets frail I put this on my nephews, from the smallest to the pale Me and you ballin, from the heavens, or the hell Won't let you hit the ground if I'm fallin myself Now picture me leavin you in this cold world, rollin for delf It's me and you in this old girl, we takin the belt From the lows, to the highs, to the foes we shine Just continue to be my Sunshine (uhhh) Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 Song: Who You Wit II Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uh-huh, yeah hah Never Sprung huh? Jigga, Roc-a-Fella y'all Never Sprung huh? Yeah, peep the repertoire Peoples, feel me on this one Peoples, feel this Never Sprung huh? Know my style I love bitches, thug bitches, shy bitches Rough bitches, don't matter you my bitches Gold diggers witcha eyes on my riches Can't Knock Your Hustle for real, exotic bitches I'm game tight, see it all through the platinum french frames with the french name in the same night Pull you and your tight friend lift your little dress like light wind, hah, then I slide right in You know the whole repertoire, U.S. to the U-S-S-R Sexin in a Lexus car Match wits with the best of y'all the rest of y'all is like vege-tables in my presence, check it Reminescin to nuttin you ever heard, Iceberg Slim baby ride rims through the suburbs Funds come in lump sums never ends deferred Get money like I'm down South Wednesday the 3rd, it's on 	*chorus* Dough to get, more shows to rip I suggest you all roll with the click, who you wit Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick More O's than you know exist, bitch who you wit Can't scheme on em, Roc-a-Fella got a team on em Chicks dream on him trick cream on him Lose it when dudes think it's just music Lean on em flash green on em and diamond rings on em Sex around the way girls down to mida's I'm somethin every girl gotta have like Levi's Chiquita, me got more, see I brawl You can love me or hate me, either or I'ma stay winnin, rock the custom drop Bentleys Never eat at Denny's and party like Lil Penny can he live? Trick or main chick but if she leave just as quick, indian give, ha-hah Now what I look like? Givin a chick half my trap like she wrote half my raps, yeah, I'm havin that you be the same chick when you leave me the bankbook and the credit cards and take everything you came wit	*chorus* 	*chorus* Here's somethin niggaz gon find, not at all funny We takin all ya bitches, takin all ya money Jay-Z rated A.G. baby that's All Good I sink this ball in your hole, I'm Tiger Woods If the money was the grass and your ass was tee when I hit it with this club love you comin with me Grip you right up under your ass, put your back on the wall Kinda tipsy, seein triple, so I'm fuckin ya all You remind me of this dream I had the night before I'm kinda hopin the condom break to have a reason to go raw I'm playin, hit the showers, hit the money spot Where all the models play and big money is dropped Drop the top, let her feel the moonlight it entranced her She jumped all in my seat like some private dancer I tell you somethin new, if you don't hop down off that butter soft shit with your shoes, I'ma step on the gas She laughed, put her ass back in the proper place She said, 'I played my cards right and look I got the ace' I told her *beatboxes* 'Slow down baby' You dealin with a baller, who, hold ground crazy it's on 	*chorus* (repeat 4X) Beyatch! Fucka Jigga, nine-seven shit, next millenia Recognize, realize, it's on Roc the block y'all Laugh It's on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Sauce Money Album: In My Lifetime Vol. 1 Song: Face Off Typed by: OHHLA.com {***Jay-Z , (Sauce)***} Jay-Z talking: Sauce mothafuckin, jigga, jigga feel this... Chorus This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me (If ya feel me) Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes (This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me) If ya feel me (Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes) Verse 1 Yeah (If ya want some put ya guns up it's on) Ladies know that when the sun's up I'm gone (Fuck them bitches though digits though) Fuck, now if I bring it niggas know whaat (All black gat with the mack out) I take shorty to the rest blow her back out sun dress undress throw her back out (biotch) (in & out like a crack house) keep it moving (Face off with the .38 scraped off) keep shorty maced can't throw a 4-4 eight ball know your place (so it starts when ya least expect) (the yeast infect) you don't imitate bitches (piece protected) so I hear you hate bitches? (love the dough, ya flow irritate niggas) fuck them though, it's all out and have a fall out I fucked ya girl (On top now we call out fuck the world) (Face Off!) Chorus (This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me) If ya feel me (Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes) This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me (If ya feel me) Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes Verse 2 (I apologize ladies I'm lovin' ya right) you must be used to me trickin' but we fuckin' tonight (No wine no dine) no wheelin' the whip all night long just feelin' the dick be-i-itch (Sauce mothafuckin' slayin' I'm sayin' with no delayin') (Can you beat that? I eat that) you just playin' nigga you neva know what a chick could do (pull the trigga too) check the shit jigga do (My crew) mackin' the same bitch (I do) (back man stack grands) daddy like I you (Love them hoes jigga?) Ha how that sound? women start to fall we all bat around Let my whole team hit it (scatter 'round) you never seen wit it (pat 'em down) check for cream in it (These riches) got nu'hin to do wit these bitches (Nothin' y'all can do to stop these digits) (Face Off!) Chorus This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me (If ya feel me) Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes (This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me) If ya feel me (Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes) Verse 3 (Can I touch that?) what's that? Leave it for dead. Keep ya arm over ya face my nigga (keep ya head) (keep a mind to survive if ya sleep ya dead) Stay fly 'til ya die nigga deep with prayer (with each word ya say I guess the beef is dead) Ladies & gentlemen (like impeach the Prez) (Val Kilmer style nigga draw heat with feds) (broad day like De Niro shoot all day) I'm the man fuckin' the tracks and you just foreplay get a hit I, I come through, blow up, you spit out What keep it cocked faithfully like salop  with one in the drop don't get hit up (I be the 4-5th flamer hoes bitch shamer) (clap cats a snitch she'll give ya whole click name up) Look I done came up (and) thought a whole game up meet me in the square with one in the chamber (The Face Off nigga) Chorus This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me (If ya feel me) Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes (This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me) If ya feel me (Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes) This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya gun up (in the air) if ya feel me Fuck 'em all day (fuck 'em all night) we don't love these hoes (This goes out... put ya guns up in the air) if ya feel me if ya feel (Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes) Yeah!! This goes out (to my Brooklyn crew)... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Too $hort Album: In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 Song: Real Niggaz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Real niggaz do real things Hangin with the honies is the song I sing Real niggaz do real things On the road to riches and diamond rings Real niggaz do real things Bustin my toast off the roof drinkin 90 proof til spring Real niggaz do real things, check We started out makin, small time bacon Two little niggaz bakin, talkin bout whippin cakes Get clothin and big cheddar, hopin it gets better We had no knowledge of this shit we just was with whatever In front of your buildin clockin, thought I was makin a killin Right in front of your children, eightball in my side pocket They was corrupt too, disrespectin the fiends I used to look up to, take it or leave it, fuck you In different parts of the planet, Oakland to New York I'm hollerin Lifetimes, he hollerin Life's Too $hort Parallel lives and jew-els held high To the Range, to the Rove, get exchanged, for your souls You know how the game goes, slang to get G's and speak in Chinese everybody gains the same dough Get your shit scarred fuckin with my sick squad from Marcy, to the Bay y'all, we get large, keep in charge On the road to riches and diamond rings Real niggaz do real things Hangin with the honies is the song I sing Real niggaz do real things On the road to riches and diamond rings Real niggaz do real things Bustin my toast off the roof drinkin 90 proof til spring Real niggaz do real things [Too $hort] So now you own a record label, I got one too We on a roll now, can't nobody stop our crew You can treat us like convicts, you know we got records On the shelf and on the charts the double deckers The fat donkey house down the block, belongs to me You criticize the way I walk, you wanna see my bankbook? I'm not a crook, I flipped the script and changed my ways so I can get paid, everday I see the same old shit, I see in the streets I know you think I'm sellin keys but I only sell beats Dopefiend music, it's drug related You can buy it on the corner get a radio and play it It always sounds better when you turn it up loud Rap music let these motherfuckers know what we about I know these gay ass record labels keep fuckin niggaz It's just like in the streets main, how much you get? [Jay-Z] On the road to riches, and diamond rings Real niggaz do real things Hangin with the honies is the song I sing Real niggaz do real things On the road to riches and diamond rings Real niggaz do real things Bustin my toast off the roof drinkin 90 proof til spring Real niggaz do real things [Too $hort] That's right, I been a hustler for a long time Always got the right beats, never saying wrong rhymes I started off with nothing ended up with everything Now we sip Hennessee in first class on every plane Ask Jay-Z, he know what I'm sayin Always see me at the bank and yes I'm goin again There ain't no dollar amount, that can make me happy Fine women, a big house, a truck and a Caddy [Jay-Z] Now peep, how sweet, niggaz lives can get Put beef aside, the East and Westside connect $hort Dawg, and Jigga with the, fo'-fo' flow I got love for y'all motherfuckers y'all just don't know I know y'all got a thing for them rag six-fo's I like the five speed drops pop the clutch then go If you want it, keep ballin, and if you jealous stop I want Biggie to rest in peace, as well as 'Pac How real is that? On the road to riches and diamond rings Real niggaz do real things Hangin with the honies is the song I sing Real niggaz do real things On the road to riches and diamond rings Real niggaz do real things Bustin my toast off the roof drinkin 90 proof til spring Real niggaz do real things And I'm out [Too $hort] Beyotch! $hort Dawg's in the house [Jay-Z] Jigga [Too $hort] Much love [Jay-Z] $hort Dawg, get your money main [Too $hort] All the way from the West coast [Jay-Z] Uhh, how real is that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 Song: Rap Game/Crack Game Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhh... Uhh, yeah Won't stop niggaz 	"Somehow the rap game remind me of the crack game" --> Nas Jigga! Feel me People, told ya motherfuckers, told ya 	"See that rap shit is really just like sellin smoke" --> OutKast Uhh, Roc-a-Fella Geyeah We treat this rap shit just like, handlin weight What they want we give it to em, what they abandon we take Hit a rapper with consignment, let him know it's at stake Put his ass in the studio, let him cook up a cake When it's hot, get on my money spot in every state Like the wiz in Camelot, the mom-and-pop's is the gate But first we scope shit, advertise in every area Let the fiends know hey, we got some dope shit Gon' need a middle man, so we look to radio Let em test the product, give em a promo show Just a breeze, not enough to catch a real vibe Then we drop a maxi single and charge em two for five Ain't tryin to, kill em at first just, buildin clientele So when the album drops the first weeks it's on sale But when demand grows it's time to expand yo You don't want no garbage papi it's ten grand per blow, fo' sho' 	"Somehow the rap game reminds me of the crack game" --> Nas 	"See that rap shit is really just like sellin smoke" --> OutKast 	(repeat 3X) Ge-ge-geyeah I got that uncut raw to make a fiend's body jerk Got your whole block now, pumpin my work My CD's is like keys for you Willie's who like to floss my cassette tapes in sixty-two's And my singles like gems, you know the treys Get you high for a while, but the, high don't stay You need another fix, you better cop these last two bricks Cause when this shit flip, I'ma get on some other shit Never pitchin for a label, Jigga's the hook-up You know my shit is fish scale, y'all niggaz is cook up Just blow up, scream my name from Brooklyn to Da-kota They know my shit stretch without the baking soda Went from an eighth, to a quarter, to a half a key Priority's work wasn't right so I switched factories Now I'm the new nigga, who figured I'd get the game locked Now watch how the prices of your cocaine drop, ha ha 	"Somehow the rap game reminds me of the crack game" --> Nas 	"See that rap shit is really just like sellin smoke" --> OutKast 	(repeat 4X) *cuts and scratches* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 Song: Where I'm From Typed by: I3omb1st@aol.com [Jay-Z] uh-huh, je-je je-je-jeah  ye-ye-yeah, ye-ye-yeah How real is this, how real is this Uh-huh huh, Inspect this here, check Verse One: I'm from where the hammer's rung, New's cameras never come You and your man houndin' every verse in your rhyme where the grams is slung, niggas vanish every summer Where the blue vans would come, we throw the work in the can and run Where the plans was to get funds and skate off the set To achieve this goal quicker, sold all my weight wet Faced with immeasurable odds still I get straight bets So I felt some more something and you nothing check I from the other side with other guys don't walk to much And girls in the projects wouldn't fuck us if we talked too much So they ran up town and sought them dudes to trust I don't know what the fuck they thought, those niggas is foul just like us I'm from where the beef is inevitable, Summertime's unforgetable Boosters in abundance, buy a half-price sweater new Your world was everything, So everything you said you'd do You did it, Couldn't talk about it if you ain't lived it I from where niggas pull your car, and argue all day about Who's the best MC's, Biggie, Jay-Z, and Nas Where the drugs czars evolve, and thugs always are At each other's throats for the love of foreign cars Where cats catch cases, hoping the judge R and R's But most times find themselves locked up behind bars I'm from where they ball and breed rhyme stars I'm from Marcy son, just thought I'd remind y'all Chorus: {5x} Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, Ain't nothing nice Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own Verse Two: I'm from the place where the chruch is the flakiest And niggas is praying to god so long that they Atheist Where you can't put your vest away and say you'll wear it tomorrow Cause the day after we'll be saying, damn I was just with him yesterday I'm a block away from hell, not enough shots away from straight shells An ounce away from a triple beam still using a hand-held weight scale Your laughing, you know the place well Where the Liqour Store's and the base well And Government, fuck Government, niggas polotic themselves Where we call the cops the A-Team cause they hop out of vans and spray things And life expectancy so low we making out wills at eight-teen Where how you get rid of guys who step out of line, your rep solidifies So tell me when I rap you think I give a fuck who criticize? If the shit is lies, god strike me And I got a question, are you forgiving guys who live just like me? We'll never know One day I pray to you and said if I ever blow, Let 'em know Mistakes ain't exactly what takes place in the ghetto Promise fulfilled, but still I feel my job ain't done Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice Chorus {4x} Verse Three: I'm from where they cross-over and clap boards Lost Jehovah in place of rap lords, listen I'm up the block, round the corner, and down the street From where the Pimps, Prostitutes, and the Drug Lords meet We make a million off of beats, cause our stories is deep And fuck tomorrow, as long as the night before was sweet Niggas get lost for weeks in the streets, twisted off weed And no matter the weather, niggas know how to draw heat Whether your four-feet or Minute size, it always starts out with Three dice and shoot the five Niggas thought they douce was live, now hit 'em with trips And I reached down for their money, pa forget about this This time around it's platinum, like the shit on my wrist And this glock on my waist, y'all can't do shit about this Niggas will show you love, That's how they fool thugs Before you know it your lying in a pool of blood Chorus {4x} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 Song: You Must Love Me Typed by: OHHLA.com Kelly Price (Jay-Z) Talking: Throughout my life (uh huh uh huh uh) no matter what I've done.(Right) You've been merciful and your love endureth (yeah) through all things (ye yeah) For that I am eternally grateful. Verse 1 Since my date of birth bought you nothing but hurt play those video games stole change from ya purse Sat on the cold court bench 'til I was arraigned in ya skirt Saw the pain in ya face through you maintained a smirk All you did was motivate me don't let 'em hold you back What I do I turned around and I sold you crack I was a bastard for that still I'm drowning in shame Just remember one thing now you're not to blame You was newly seperated tryin' to escape ya world and through my thirst I didn't help you I just made things worse I hated me and everybody that created crack Had me thinkin' the newest kicks and the latest gat Still haven't apologized so please play this back while I try to come to terms with such a heinous act you know in more than one way cocaine numbs the brain All I did was think about how the funds once came then I ran across this memory  and it stung the brain How can you ever destroy the beauty from which one came That's a savage you're the reason why me and these beats make a marriage why I rhyme above average and I ain't shit Glad you got yourself together no thanks to me Strong and beautiful the way thangs should be You must love me Chorus (K. Price) (You must love me repeats in background) Say that you love me All I know say that you must love me. Ohh yeah Verse 2 We used to fight every night but I never would suffer just smile my big brother's tryna make me tougher As we grew fussing and fighting continued as I plundered through ya stuff and snuck ya clothes to school Got intense real intense as we got older Never believed it would lead to be popped in one of ya shoulda With my rings knew you had it 'cause you took too long as Mickey, Andy, and the girl that bought it looked on Huffin' and puffin' gun in my hand told you step outside Hoping you said no but you hurt my pride made our way down the steps maybe you thought it was just a threat or maybe ya life was just that crazy and you was beggin' for death try to justify this in my young mind but ya drillin' it and my ego hurt combined drove me berzerk Saw the devil in your eyes high off more than weed confused I just closed my young eyes and squeezed  What a sound  opened my eyes just in time to see ya stumbling to the ground Damn what the fuck I done now runnin' around in a circle thinking I'm assed out hot gun burnin' my waist ran straight to Jazz' house Like a stranger damn I just shot my nigga and ran off into the night as if it was not my nigga Left the scene how could I go out that way Still you asked to see me in the hospital ya next day You must love me. Chorus (You must love me repeats in background) What after all the wrong I've done I know you must Verse 3 (Starts over last line of chorus) Everything in my power and within my frame to protect you from this life and keep you away from the game But you was one of the few people that I can trust and the fact of the matter I slang these pies for us You put the pressure on me dearly rarely would you let it go Was a thousand and one times I had to tell you no When it was one of those days when nobody was around and I needed emergency trip out of town Searched my mental rolodex for all the numbers I know As you stared in my face asking me could you go I'm agreed said sender everything'll go smooth just tell her what to do and everything'll go through Strapped her body with them thangs as you boarded the plane Couldn't explain these strange feelings  that I caught and the pain I'm thinkin' why would I send you when I knew it ain't right I'm thinkin' what would make you sacrifice ya life You must love me Chorus (You must love me repeats in background) After everything that I've done wrong I know inside you must love me I know that you love me You showed me I know it I know Say that you love me say that you love me I know you must love me Oh yes you do Inside I know it you've always shown it you love me yea yeah Oh yeah I know that you love me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Memphis Bleek Album: Vol. 2... Hard Knock Life Song: Intro - Hand It Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Sorry boys.. but all the money in the world couldn't bring me back again Lay down, lay down Gonna stretch my mic out in Ponce Funeral Home on Marcy All those new niggaz stop there but a lot later than a whole gang of people thought The last of the real hustlers, well maybe not the last Bleek's gonna be a good rapper New, IMPROVED Jay-Z I quit I'm retirin Ain't enough money in THIS game, to keep me around Sorry Big, I tried Honest Can't go with me on this ride though I'm callin the shots The bar's closing Where we going to for breakfast? Roc-a-Fella y'all OKAY, I'M RELOADED! "Bringin the drama"	"Tryin to come up in the game" 	"Marcy" 		"Had a couple of dollar signs to my name" 	"Roc-a-Fella y'all" "One of the best!" 		"Waitin for my day to come" "Just give me the word" [Memphis Bleek] Nah this ain't Jigga it's your lil nigga Bleek Reportin to these motherfuckers live from the street Game I peeped those, my mind so advanced At nine I used to geese hoes for Easter clothes Peep the steez, I represent for all those with 28 grams, on a come-up tryin to creep the keys Large niggaz told me park the car, keep the keys Find a hoodrat and creep to Mickey D's First gun two bullets, niggaz know I do pull it Niggaz tryin to kill me dog, who wouldn't? Screw Gooden, I pitch in the PJ's Lit off the EJ, I split Dutchies with my ring finger You find a bitch that don't be cream, bring her Last seen with Bing, he got dropped between us Shit is constant, that's why I pack the Johnson and Johnson for the nonsense who wants it? I go to sleep with a picture of a Porsche on my wall Man I'm tryin to come up on y'all Get one up on y'all, that's why I hustle in these streets from sundown to sunup on y'all Mama said keep bullshittin they'll kill you dead One week of this hustlin brought a living room set Went to ? D's, niggaz mad, veins out Copped the Jordan's, two weeks before they came out Flashy, fly little nigga Nosy bitch from the third floor like "Why little nigga?" Bitch please, twist the trees Took a long pull, like bitch to breathe That's my answer, life's like cancer And I'm serious 		"Waitin for my day to come" "Just give me the word" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z  Album: Vol. 2... Hard Knock Life  Song: Hard Knock Life (Ghetto Anthem) Typed by: i3omb1st@aim.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Take the bassline out, uh-huh Jigga (bounce wit it), uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh, yeahh Let it bump though ["Annie" sample] It's the hard knock life (uh-huh) for us It's the hard knock life, for us!! Steada treated, we get tricked Steada kisses, we get kicked It's the hard knock life!! [Jay-Z] From standin on the corners boppin to drivin some of the hottest cars New York has ever seen For droppin some of the hottest verses rap has ever heard From the dope spot, with the smoke Glock fleein the murder scene, you know me well from nightmares of a lonely cell, my only hell But since when y'all niggaz know me to fail? Fuck naw Where all my niggaz with the rubber grips, bust shots And if you with me mom I rub on your tits, and what-not I'm from the school of the hard knocks, we must not let outsiders violate our blocks, and my plot let's stick up the world and split it fifty/fifty, uh-huh Let's take the dough and stay real jiggy, uh-huh And sip the Cris' and get pissy-pissy Flow infinitely like the memory of my nigga Biggie, baby! You know it's hell when I come through The life and times of Shawn Carter  nigga Volume 2, y'all niggaz get ready ["Annie" sample] It's the hard knock life, for us  It's the hard knock life, for us!! Steada treated, we get tricked Steada kisses, we get kicked It's the hard knock life!! [Jay-Z] I flow for those 'dro'ed out; all my niggaz  locked down in the ten by fo', controllin the house We live in hard knocks, we don't take over we borrow blocks Burn em down and you can have it back daddy, I'd rather that I flow for chicks wishin, they ain't have to strip to pay tuition I see you vision mama, I put my money on the longshots All my ballers that's born to clock Now I'ma be on top whether I perform or not I went from lukewarm to hot; sleepin on futons and cots to King Size, dream machines, the green fives I've seen pies let the thing between my eyes analyze life's ills Then I put it down type real I'm tight grill with the phony, rappers y'all might feel we homies I'm like still, y'all don't know me, shit! I'm type real when my situation ain't improvin I'm tryin to murder everything movin, feel me?! ["Annie" sample] It's the hard knock life, for us  It's the hard knock life, for us!! Steada treated, we get tricked Steada kisses, we get kicked It's the hard knock life, for us  It's the hard knock life, for us!! Steada treated, we get tricked Steada kisses, we get kicked It's the hard knock life!!  [Jay-Z] I don't how to sleep, I gotta eat, stay on my toes Gotta a lot of beef, so logically, I prey on my foes Hustling's still inside of me, and as far as progress you'd be hard-pressed, to find another rapper hot as me I gave you prophecy on my first joint, and y'all lamed out Didn't really appreciate it, til the second one came out So I stretched the game out, X'ed your name out Put Jigga on top, and drop albums non-stop for ya, nigguh! ["Annie" sample] It's the hard knock life, for us  It's the hard knock life, for us!! Steada treated, we get tricked Steada kisses, we get kicked It's the hard knock life, for us  It's the hard knock life, for us!! Steada treated, we get tricked Steada kisses, we get kicked It's the hard knock life!! .. It's the hard knock life!! .. It's the hard knock life!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Da Ranjahz [Half Dead & Mais] Album: Vol. 2... Hard Knock Life Song: If I Should Die Typed by: HJWESS1@msg.pacbell.com [Jay-Z] Come on...life...death...here...gone...Yo If I should die don't cry my niggas just ride my niggas bust bullets in the sky my niggas And when I'm gone don't mourn my niggas get on my niggas when it's real say word to Shawn my niggas If I should die *echoes* Don't cry my niggas it's been one hell of a ride my niggas in the middle of the trial I flip pies my niggas I did joints with Mary J. Blige my niggas I've eluded the coppers got booted with Big Poppa Skated through with the Ceasar Picadas At high school got head by the lockers gassed the baddest girl in the class to show me her knockers rocked jewels dropped school still didn't fail rhymes still written well hold court in the street never sit in the cell for a second then I'm gettin' my bail shoot it out with the bounty hunters fuck sittin' in the county for summers if they should down me everybody around us become one for that day to live life get your shit right & play Don't get it twisted like rays if I miss that's ok but life's short don't miss a day uhh If I should die don't cry my niggas just ride my niggas bust bullets in the sky my niggas and when I'm gone don't mourn my niggas get on my niggas when it's real say word to Shawn my niggas If I should die... [Wais] ...don't cry my niggas it's been one hell of a ride my niggas say word to Wais my niggas when I'm gone don't mourn my niggas just keep gettin' it on my niggas say word is bond my niggas I got a lot to look back on in '88 got my crack on ten years later gettin' my rap on gettin' shorties like a thespian had an episode with two lesbians got a fetish for that drunk ginseng with Japanese chicks & pulled the root out squeeze my whole clip to survive shootouts been on both coasts fired all kinds of heat probably be kinda glad to leave these mean streets I got dead mens to meet and questions to fulfill like is that mystery God real? and how was Kennedy killed? I ain't mad I must've smoked a ton of reefer sipped Coronas with Latifah broke the code of Geneva I know when I reach the other side I'ma see the cat I had beef with who blood remains on my sneaker then it's on again if I could be born again I live my life through my son and tell him never have a friend just family reincarnated I'll show him the time that I waited to get paid tell him never be afraid niggas hearts pump Kool Aid and yo blood run thicker never shed tears cry liquor my nigga If I die don't cry my niggas it's been one hell of a ride my niggas say word to Wais my niggas when I'm gone don't mourn my niggas just keep bangin' these songs my niggas say word is bond my niggas If I die... [Half Dead] ...don't cry my niggas just stay gettin' high my niggas don't wonder why my niggas when I'm gone live on my niggas just follow my path my niggas say word to Half my nigga I'm the aftermath of pleasure never die alone born to live forever through life's struggles I cut corners & took drastic measures see you niggas life expire right in front of me time could never mend what these cold streets mentally done to me too often I close my eyes and see my own coffin feelin' haunted ready to leave this world that I'm lost in my only chance to see the seeds I lost through abortion when I'm gone y'all niggas better not mourn keep flossin' as long as my name lives on what's most important I'll be down in hell scorchin' preparin' for life afterlife still torchin' & blazin' these mics It'd rain for 40 days & 40 nights & I'd return on the 3rd like Christ without my physical portion my spirit a poltergeist for sure I'll be back through the heist tomorrow blood over y'all fake niggas door What you thought? [huh]  What you thought? [nigga] If I should die don't cry my niggas just stay gettin' high my niggas don't wonder why my niggas when I'm gone live on my niggas just follow my path my niggas say word to Half my nigga When I die... [Wais] ...don't cry my niggas it's been one hell of a ride my niggas say word to Wais my niggas when I'm gone don't mourn my niggas just keep gettin it on my niggas say word is bond my niggas If I die... [Jay-Z] ...don't cry my niggas just ride my niggas bust bullets in the sky my niggas and when I'm gone don't mourn my niggas get on my niggas when it's real say word to Shawn my niggas If I should die... ...I'd tell Big they're still hearin' his songs run into Pac ask him where we went wrong tell him life is miserable when ya dealin' in the physical form Is everything that's invisible gone? I need to know will I still feel pain or will it be ironic? Will I chill in the flames for all the ills of my brain? Can I reveal the game to all the hustlers trapped in the race and if so can I leave this place? Can I puff cigars & drink Cristal? If this is heaven to me is this considered heavenly? Can I still touch lives answer they "whats & whys" make sure everybody in my fam' clutch five? If I should die... ...don't cry my niggas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Vol. 2... Hard Knock Life  Song: Ride or Die Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah I'm rollin with Roc-a-Fella man Cause they got money man, heh heh [Jay-Z] Uh-huh, uh-huh uh UH, uh-huh, 'Hovah Yeah, Stevie J nigga Y'all ready? Yo, yo How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight) How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight) How many y'all wanna ride tonight Nigga ride or die or ride or die (repeat 3X) [Jay-Z] Aiyyo fuck y'all, niggaz I crush y'all, rush y'all with the four drawn and I touch y'all, plus y'all little motherfuckers ain't ready for war I seen your team in a crisis before, thought I forgot? The same rules apply, don't try to switch up your style Y'all niggaz is pumpkin pie, and that's plain as I much better than you cat, shocked when I got the news that this nigga ready for war, well where that fool at? I bruise wack rap niggaz severely punish them Especially those that get fucked for they publishing, heh Always gotta be the weakest nigga out the crew I probably make more money off yo' album, than you You see the respect I get everytime I come through Check your own videos, you'll always be number two Niggaz talkin real greasy on them R&B records but I'm platinum a million times nigga, check the credits S. Carter, ghost writer, and for the right price I can even make YO' shit tighter I roast niggaz like ya, smoke niggaz like ya Take your little jewels and put the toast to niggaz like ya You know what the fuck we do and why we done it How I bring it to niggaz who, probably want it Keep playin, you gon' find me in your lobby blunted And I don't even smoke nigga, ain't no joke Niggaz cat fightin with Jigga, kickin sneaky shit Makin little tapes but keepin it secret Cause I kick that deep shit that divide your peeps shit Now I don't know if you fuckin with Jigga spittin that weak shit y'all How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight) How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight) How many y'all wanna ride tonight Nigga ride or die or ride or die (repeat 2X) [Jay-Z] Yeah, yeah Niggaz don't want it with Jig, cause somethin got to give I got homes where you hide, I hustle where you live Jigga's the Don, bitches scream "Jigga dandy, dick is the bomb, about as thick as a arm" Mr. Exxon, gas 'em with the wit and the charm Bitch I'm tryin to tell you like Nichalous Bond I'm a big cat, listen mami, can you dig that? Cars, jewelry, homes, I did that Oh's, shootouts, keys, I live that Actresses, models, chickenheads, hit that I get stacks and still I kick back and run up on niggaz with the midac, where the shit at? How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight) How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight) How many y'all wanna ride tonight Nigga ride or die or ride or die (repeat 2X) [Jay-Z] Time to seperate the platinum from the white gold, right from the door The real from the fake, ready rock from the raw The boss from the runners, cats who ride dick from the cats with the numbers, the five from the six I got cop n crash money, pop the dash money Press the button, alluva sudden, glock in the stash money Beef with Jigga, watch yo' ass Money It's El Presidente, top brass money Now I don't flash the steel, I blast for real My motto: you only good as the last nigga you kill I'm here to snatch this meal, nigga that's for real If you rollin with me grab the wheel, let's ride huh? How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight) How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight) How many y'all wanna ride tonight Nigga ride or die or ride or die (repeat 4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Amil, Big Jaz Album: Vol. 2... Hard Knock Life Song: Nigga What, Nigga Who (Originator '99) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Uh-huh uh-huh, gi-gi gi-geyeah Roc-a-Fella y'all, uh-huh uh-huh, Jigga Timbaland shit, nine-eight BEYOTCH Say what, say what? Uh-huh uh-huh, follow me beotch 	[Amil] 	Nigga what, nigga who? 	Nigga what, nigga who? 	Switcha flow, getcha dough 	Can't fuck with this Roc-a-Fella shit doe 	Switcha flow, getcha dough 	Can't fuck with this Roc-a-Fella shit doe [Jay-Z] 	--> first four lines overlap the section above Can't fuck with me They ain't ready yet Uh-huh uh-huh Yeah, yeah Motherfuckers wanna act loco, hit em wit, numerous shots with the fo'-fo' Faggots wanna talk to po-po's, smoke em like cocoa Fuck rap, coke by the boatload Fuck dat, on the run-by, gun high, one eye closed Left holes through some guy clothes Stop your bullshit, glock with the full clip Motherfuckers better duck when the fool spit One shot could make a nigga do a full flip See the nigga layin shocked when the bullet hit Oh hey ma, how you, know niggaz wanna buy you But see me I wanna _Fuck for Free_ like Akinyele Take this ride, make you feel it inside your belly If it's tight get the K-Y Jelly All night get you wide up inside the telly Side to side, til you say Jay-Z you're too much for me Chorus: Jay-Z (with Amil) (Nigga what?)	Make you think you can fuck with me (Nigga who?)	Recognize girl, Jay to the Z 	*repeat 3X* (Nigga what?)	Make you think you can fuck with me (Nigga who?)	Recognize bitch, Jay to the motherfuckin Z [Jay-Z] Got a condo with nuttin but condoms in it The same place where the rhymes is invented So all I do is rap and sex, imagine how I stroke See how I was flowin on my last cassette? Rapid-fire like I'm blastin a Tec, never jam though Never get hot, never run out of ammo Niggaz hatin and shit cause I slayed your bitch You know your favorite, I know it made you sick And now you're, actin raw but you never had war Don't know how to carry your hoe, wanna marry your hoe Now she's mad at me, cause Your Majesty just happened to be, a pimp - what a tragedy She wanted, us to end, cause I fucked her friends She gave me one more chance and I fucked her again I seen her tears as she busted in, I said, "Shit.. there's a draft, shut the door bitch and come on in!" Chorus (with variation in last line) [Jay-Z] Gotta vendetta even though I been better Left him in the cold with a thin sweater Rap niggaz on Prozac get the bozack, niggaz threw two at me I threw fo' back, hold that Let the dough stack, way before Big had the gold Ac' Dame had the Lex black Motherfuckers wanna test that, stress that And right where you're stressed at, where you rest at I suggest that, niggaz invest, in a vest, when I come through with the glock jet black, you niggaz step back I'm the best at, you know I ain't no apprentice to this Me and my niggaz we invented the shit I came into the business with this, The Originator, none greater Jaz-O finish this shit [Big Jaz] Better learn, Jaz'll relax that, ever heard of me? Worldwide Originator, say word to me The population holla certainly, I burn a nigga like a third degree, see me shine so bright Nigga I'm my light, runnin rulin with rigor and vigor Nobody bigger than me and my nigga Jigga You fly-by-nights stop chirpin B Heavyweight's light work for me For the time, in this motherfucker ain't nobody hurtin me What? Cut your face in like surgery Who the fuck got a VS, fuckin BM's on the road when you had to be in bed at the PM Need the info, Jaz on the C-N-N forever touchin my workers beginnin you're endin Nigga your style's no style my style's hostile C'mon, faggot nigga down to take the gun home The O-RI-GI-NA-TOR (can't FUCK with it can ya?!) Chorus (with variations) 	[Amil] * repeat to fade * 	Switcha flow, getcha dough 	Can't fuck with this Roc-a-Fella shit doe 	Switcha flow, getcha dough 	Can't fuck with this Roc-a-Fella shit doe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ DMX Album: Vol. 2... Hard Knock Life Song: Money, Cash, Hoes Typed by: Osirus260@aol.com Jay-Z: Turn the lights all the way Turn the lights all the way down What Uhhuh Yeah  (Uhh) Come on Big flow (GGRRRRRR) Come on yeah come on  Yo Yo J-A-Y, I flow sick Fuck all y'all haters blow dick I spits the game for those that throw bricks Money cash hoes money cash chicks what Sex murder and mayhem romance for the street Only wife of mines is a life of crime And since, life's a bitch in mini-skirts and big chests How can I not flirt with death  That's life's a nigga, long as life prevent us We gonna send a lot and pray to Christ forgive us Fuck it Ice the wrists and raise the price on these niggaz Y'all cant floss on my level I'll invite you all to get wit us if ya ball is glitter When I go all the harlem playaz wall my picture If you get close enough you can read the scripture It reads money cash hoes how real was that nigga what Chorus: (repeat 2X) Money cash hoes money cash hoes (WHAT) Money cash hoes money cash hoes (UHH) Money cash hoes money cash hoes (COME ON) Money cash hoes (WHAT) hoes (WHAT) hoes (WHAT) Flavors robust platinum and gold touch  Y'all rap now, fast money lets slow it up Niggaz try to stop Jay-Z to no luck Roc-A-Fella foreva CEO what what Us the villains, fuck your feelings While yall playa hate we in the upper millions Whats the dealings (huh) its like New York's been soft Ever since Snoop came through and crushed the buildings I'm tryin to restore the feelings fuck the law keep dealing More money more cash more chilling I know they gone criticize the hook on this song Like I give a fuck I'm just a crook on this song Bed-Stuy Brooknon took on the world  Shit I led a life you can write a book on Sex murder and mayhem romance for the street  Man and I tell ya itll be the best seller Chorus: (2X) DMX: D-M-X and my dogs bite Jigga my nigga rhyme all night Thugs for life one night with this rap shit Let em go and I bet they know what'll happen  When we clap shit Actin like we owe em something Then we show em something Talk greasy I think they found em down the road or something Fuckin wit a madman in a bad mood Its like fuckin wit a mad dog that wasnt fed food And the only thing thats stoppin him is you  Cause the only thing that he'll be droppin is you Topic include; choppin in two Drop it to Clue and the response from the street This was one dog that loves raw meat But gettin back to just cause I, love my niggaz  I shed blood, for my niggaz  Let a nigga holler where my niggaz All I'ma hear is right here my nigga  Chorus: (2X) Roc-A-Fella shit uhhuh Ruff Ryders My nigga Swizz Uhhuh uhhuh Dont stop biatch Uh Uhhuh yeah  Inspect the game yo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Too $hort Album: Vol. 2... Hard Knock Life  Song: A Week Ago Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z]	Uh-huh [$hort] That's right [Jay-Z] Uh-huh-uh, it was all good just a week ago [$hort] Last week I had everything [Jay-Z] Uh, uh-huh-uh, had this all good just a week ago [$hort] I had the money.. had the cars, the bitches [Jay-Z] Uh-huh, yeah, it was all good just a week ago [$hort] and the jewelry.. 	and then my motherfuckin niggaz started snitchin [Jay-Z] Uh-huh, uh uh, yo [$hort] Beyotch! [Verse One: Jay-Z] Growin up in the hood just my dog and me We used to hustle in the hood for, all to see Problems, I called on him, he called on me We wasn't quite partners, I hit him off my P Met him unlocked doors, off my keys Yeah we spoke, much more than cordially Man he broke bread with me, my business spread swiftly The Feds came to get me, we both fled quickly Wasn't quick enough to jump over the hedges with me Got caught, and that's when our relationship strayed Used to call me from the joint til he ran out of change And when he called collect and I heard his name I quickly accepted, but when I reached the phone he's talkin reckless, I can sense deceit in his tone I said, "Damn dawg, what, nine weeks and you're home?" He said, "Main man, you think shit's sweet cause you're home." I just sat, spat no more speech in the phone The crackers up there bleachin your dome, you're reachin I said, "The world don't stop I've got to keep keep on." From there I sensed the beef was on I ran to the spy store to add some more features on my phone To see if I had bugs and leeches on my phone Can't be too safe cause niggaz is two-faced And they show the other side when they catch a new case It's on [Chorus: Too $hort, Jay-Z] It was cool when you had hella weed to smoke And you bought a new home where you could keep the folks I don't see how this side of you could be provoked (Uh-huh, uh-huh, it was all good just a week ago) Funny what, seven days can change A stand up nigga, now you sit down to aim Used to have a firm grip now you droppin names Uh-huh, uh-huh (It was all good just a week ago) [Verse Two: Jay-Z] Like I put the toast to your head and made you sell We both came in this game, blind as hell I did a little better, had more clientele Told you put away some cheddar now you cryin for bail Seventeen and I'm holdin on to around a mill I could bail out and blow trial and come around on the pill Had niggaz thinkin I was from Uptown for real I had so much hustle plus I was down to ill Like a Brooklyn nigga, straight out of Brownsville Down and dirty, down to fight the round thirty Freezin on them corners still holdin my crack Lookin up and down the block, the fuck is the dough at? Came from flat broke to lettin the dough stack You tell them feds I said I'm never goin back I'm from Marcy, and Marcy don't raise no rats You know the consequences of your acts, you can't be serious [Verse Three: Jay-Z] The lawyer I retained you said you leakin some things All this after a week in the bang I'm mad at myself cause I didn't spot the weak and lame I woulda bet the house you wouldn't speak a thang Nigga this was the oath, to the top of broke Even pricked our finger, anything that got between us we sposed to cock the ninas, what happened to that? Instead you copped out to a misdemeanor Fuck it, the same thing make you laugh make you cry That's right, the same game that make you mad could make you die It's a dice game, and sometimes you crap Who woulda thought you'd get popped one time and rap? Now you know that's bad when your sister is mad and your son gotta grow up like, "This is my dad?" The labelling of a snitch is a lifetime scar You'll always be in jail nigga, just minus the bars [Too $hort] Shit is crazy man All these niggaz out here snitchin We was one step away from takin this crack money and recyclin it through the ghettoes and buildin back up our own hoods Now all you niggaz start snitchin on each other I got partners doin 15-20 Wouldn'ta been doin SHIT if you didn't snitch Beyotch! It's about time y'all check that shit out man It ain't all good Shut your mouth Just watch the game And don't snitch It sure will do a lot for you Believe that baby Jay-Z, Short Dawg's in the house main You know I got it Got it goin on We got the money Ain't got nuthin to do with crime baby But I'm recognizing [Jay-Z] You rat bastard! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Memphis Bleek Album: Vol. 2... Hard Knock Life Song: Coming of Age (Da Sequel) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Uh-huh uh yeah, gi-gi-geyeah Time to come up, hold my own weight, defend my crown Gots to lock it down and when they rush -- part two [Bleek]	Cocaine whiter now [Jay-Z]	Operation is sweet [Bleek]	Whole game tighter now [Jay-Z]	Movin a brick a week [Bleek]	Plus a nigga price is down [Jay-Z]	We them niggaz to see [Bleek]	Time to start the arisin now [Jay-Z]	I don't know what's wrong with Bleek [Jay-Z] It seems, I'm like Keenan, pickin up on the vibe that he ain't too happy, I could just see it in his eyes I don't know if it's the chicks or how we dividin the loot Time to pay his ass a visit 'fore he decide to get cute Jumped out like a star with the flavest car Matchin the gator shirt, softer than my next door neighbors These young niggaz think I fell out the loop cause the last time they seen me hoppin, out the Coupe I hopped out in a suit [Memphis Bleek] Look at this nigga Jay frontin tryin to take my shine I didn't say this verbally, just had some shit on my mind Plus I'm puffin like an ounce, more than I used to puff Takin advice from these niggaz but they ain't used to stuff They had me thinkin, "Shit, I'm the one that moved the stuff while he drive around town in brand new Coupe's and stufF" Swear to God, they had me practically hatin his guts As he approached I spoke, "Jigga whattup?" Chorus: Memphis Bleek I done came up (uhh) put my life on the line (uhh) Soaked the game up (yeah) now it's my time to shine Time to change up (what?) no more second in line Nine-eight, these streets is mine  (uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh-uh-huh-uh-huh) [Jay-Z] Look at that fake smile he just gave me, it's breakin my heart Should I school him or pull the tools out and just break him apart I felt his hatred it was harsh, 'fore this fakin shit start I should take him in back of the building and blaze him [Memphis Bleek] Uh-oh, this nigga Jay he ain't slow, he musta picked up on the vibe and had I, not been so high I woulda been able to hide Tried to cover up myself, as I gave him a five Hugged him, as if I loved him [Jay-Z] To the naked eye It woulda seemed we was the closest, but to those that know us could see that somethin was about to go down [Memphis Bleek] Stay focused I'm tryin to concentrate, but it's like he's reading my mind As if he can see through this fog and all this weed in my mind Could he see I had plans on, bein the man Ever since we first spoke and he put that G in my hand And I gave it back to show him, I was down for the cause As he approached ("Whattup Bleek?") and I paused.. Chorus: Memphis Bleek, Jay-Z I done came up (uhh) put my life on the line (uhh) Soaked the game up (yeah) now it's my time to shine Time to change up (what?) no more second in line Nine-eight, these streets is mine  Yeah, you done came up (uhh) put your life on the line (uhh) Soaked the game up (yeah) now it's yo' time to shine Time to change up, no more second in line [Bleek]	Nine-eight, these streets is mine [Jay-Z] Right, yo we wild out in Vegas, styled on haters Mouthed off at the cops, I done crammed every drop Copped whips the same color, we tighter than brothers with different fathers but same mothers, this life don't love us So til death do us, I'm never breakin my bond Nigga we Lex movers, V-12 pushers [Memphis Bleek] As I stand One leg of my pants up, in a stance like, "Man what?" I know these niggaz are peepin my mind cancer But in time's the answer Seems mind-blowin, this weed and Hennesey Got my mind goin, trust me nigga, I'm knowin Chicks used to ignore me, and my aunt sayin I need fifty not sixty-forty [Jay-Z] Oh God, don't let him control y'all Your gun is my gun, your clip is my clip baby [Memphis Bleek] Your fun is my fun (uh-huh) your bitch is my bitch Any nigga tryin to harm Jay I'm feelin for you I ain't only touchin you, I'm killin your crew [Jay-Z] Give it a year, you'll be sittin on a million or two records sold nigga, perfect your roll, geyeah Chorus: Memphis Bleek I done came up (came up) put my life on the line Soaked the game up (game up) now it's my time to shine Time to change up (change up) no more second in line Nine-eight, these streets is mine (what, geyeah geyeah) I done came up (came up) put my life on the line Soaked the game up (game up) now it's my time to shine Time to change up (change up) no more second in line Nine-eight, these streets is mine [Jay-Z] Yeah, you done came up (uhh) put your life on the line (uhh) Soaked the game up (yeah) now it's yo' time to shine Time to change up, no more second in line Yeah, yeah Coming of Age Two, brand new The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Amil, Ja Rule Album: Vol. 2... Hard Knock Life  Song: Can I Get A... Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] What? Well fuck you... bitch Bounce wit me, wit me, wit me wit me Can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me, wit me wit me Can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me, ge-gi-gi-gi-gi-gi Can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me, ye-ye-yeah Uh-huh uh-huh bounce wit me, bounce wit me Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me Ya-yah-yah, ya-ya-yah-yeah bounce wit me, bounce wit me Ge-gi, ge-gi-gi-gi-geyeah bounce wit me, bounce wit me Get it! Verse One: Jay-Z Can I hit in the MORNIN without givin you half of my dough And even worse if I was broke would you WANT ME? If I couldn't get you finer things like all of them diamond rings bitches KILL FOR would you STILL ROLL? If we couldn't see the sun risin off the shore of Thailand would you RIDE THEN, if I wasn't DRIVIN? If I wasn't ah, eight figure nigga by the name of Jigga would you come around me or would you clown me? If I couldn't flow futuristic would ya put your two lips on my wood and kiss it - could ya see yourself with a nigga workin harder than 9 to 5 contend with six, two jobs to survive, or do you need a BALLA? So you can shop and tear the MALL UP? Brag, tell your friends what I BOUGHT YA If you couldn't see yourself with a nigga when his dough is low Baby girl, if this is so, yo.. Chorus: repeat 2X [Jay-Z]	Can I get a FUCK YOU 	to these bitches from all of my niggaz 	who don't love hoes, they get no dough [Amil]	Can I get a WOOP WOOP 	to these niggaz from all of my bitches 	who don't got love for niggaz without dubs? [Amil]	Now can you bounce wit me, uhh [Jay-Z]	Bounce wit me, bounce wit me 	Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me [Amil]	Uh uh.. Major Coins, Amil-lion [Jay-Z]	Bounce wit me, bounce wit me [Amil]	Uhh, yo bounce wit me [Jay-Z]	Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me [Amil]	Yeah, uh-uh uh uh Verse Two: Amil You ain't gotta be rich but FUCK THAT How we gonna get around your BUS PASS Fo' I put this pussy on your mustache Can you AFFORD ME, my niggaz breadwinners, never corny Ambition makes me, so horny Not the fussin and the frontin If you got nuttin, baby boy, you betta "Git Up, Git Out and get somethin" Shit! I like a, lot of P-rada, Alize and Vodka Late nights, candlelight, then I tear the cock up Get it up I put it down erytime it pop up, huh I got to snap em, let it loose, then I knock ya Feel the juice, then I got ya, when you produce a rocka I let you meet momma and introduce you to poppa My, coochie remains in a Gucci name Never test my patience nigga, I'm high maintenance HIGH CLASS, if you ain't rollin, bypass If you ain't holdin, I dash yo Chorus [Jay-Z]	Now can you bounce for me, bounce for me [Ja]	Uhh [Jay-Z]	Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me [Ja]	Uhh! [Jay-Z]	Gi-gi-gi-geyeah-geyeah [Jay-Z]	Can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me [Ja]	UHH! [Jay-Z]	Gi-gi-gi-gi can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me [Ja]	Uhh! Yeah Verse Three: Ja (Rule) It ain't even a question how my dough flows, I'm good to these bad hoes Like my bush wet and undry like damp clothes What y'all niggaz don't know, it's eazy, to pimp a hoe Bitches betta have my, money fo' sho' Before they go, runnin they mouth, promotin half I be dickin they, back out, go 'head, let it out I fucks with my gat out, bounce and leave a hundred Makin em feel, slutted even if they don't want it It's been SO LONG since I met a chick ain't on my tips but then I'm DEAD WRONG, when I tell em BE GONE So HOLD ON to the feelin of flossin and platinum cause from NOW ON, you can witness Ja the I-CON with hoodies and TIMBS ON, cause I thugs my bitches VeVe, studs my bitches, then we rob bitch niggaz I'm talkin bout straight figures if you here, you wit us If not Boo, you know what, I still fucked you Chorus [Jay-Z] Now can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me Ge-gi, ge-gi-gi-gi bounce wit me, bounce wit me Wit me wit me wit me bounce wit me, bounce wit me Bounce, bitch, bounce.. wit me wit me wit me wit me Can ya bounce wit me wit me Ge-gi, uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh Uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh Can ya bounce wit me bounce wit me Geyeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Foxy Brown Album: Vol. 2... Hard Knock Life Song: Paper Chase Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Foxy Brown] Uhh, uhh, uh-huh Uhh (paper chase) Bonnie n Clyde Y'all motherfuckers know how it's goin down (gotta get that paper y'all) That's right, uhh (Uh-huh uh, yeah, Roc-a-Fella, yeah  Paper chase y'all, paper chase WHAT? Uh) Greyhound bitch, stay down bitch Bout to set up shop with Jay, round this bitch Half a brick of yea, bout to lay down this bitch (til November?) Nah, I'm here to like slay down this bitch What you think? I don't wanna have to spray down this bitch Call my whole team, from around the way down this bitch I'm tryin to stay down this bitch, play down this bitch Had a sound, so my nigga Jay drown the six Roll the windows down and, weight round this bitch But there's a couple things 'fore it's OK round this bitch Gotta talk to the natives, let em know I'm here  for all to get the paydays, first I line up all the haters I got jobs for ya, drop stars for ya More arms than Green Bay's Brett Favre for ya Money providentials hope that's not a problem for ya If so, Jigga be here, day after tomorrow for ya (That's right!) Chorus: Foxy, Jay-Z [F]	Gotta get that paper dog [F]	Gotta touch that, love that, paper dog, uhh! [J]	Gotta get that paper dog [J]	Gotta have that grab that paper dog! [F]	Gotta get that paper dog [F]	Gotta spend that, bend that, split that, get that [J]	Gotta get that paper dog [J]	When I needs that, G stack, tell me where the weed's at? [Jay-Z] I got my two guns, I came to scoop ones A down ass bitch and she down to click Got a nice little hooptie that I get around with And my plan is, not to leave this town til I'm rich Gotta find a nigga sellin all them ounces and shit Tell them get down with the click or get found in a ditch See I drop down and strip, I turn around and spit Not to hit em, just to let em know the sound of shit Return later that evening in the club with Fox And I got the snub nosed for those that love to box I'm in search of them young niggaz that hug the block all day, til it's like gray outside Shoot dice talkin shit all day outside And even when it's hot, they outside Let em know, how it's gon' go, Bonnie n Clyde And aiyyo, you will want me on your side Chorus [Jay-Z] Yo, yeah, I got that stress and I got it the best I ain't got it to give but I got it to test And if you wanna get down, all you gotta invest is your time, I gotta move this in a, week or less For the next couple of days I brought her all I posess The Rolex, necklaces with the VVS Twin to drive in the passenger with a TV rest For my top draft picks I cop the new GS Now all the little soldiers wanna roll with my team Cause I ain't sold em a dream, I just showed em the cream Picked em up in the afternoons and told em some things You know the regular shit you do when you moldin them teens Yo, never lay your head where you holdin them things From family, to your business, nothing goes in between Never feared no man, put four in his Beem Drop your gun then, blow the scene, ya heard me? Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Beanie Sigel, The LOX, Sauce Money Album: Vol. 2... Hard Knock Life Song: Resevoir Dogs Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sheek] Fuck -- shit is real right here Roc-a-Fella, LOX, takin the streets over motherfuckers Don't get it twisted Yo, aiyyo, aiyyo, aiyyo Yo shut the fuck up 'fore I blast and Banned From TV your ass with no mask, look at the camera like what? Yeah I did it like them sick white boys the court committed To the death of me, I'm spaz like I'm on Ecstasy Drop 100 bars for real like I'm lookin for a deal If I ain't hungry, who the fuck is, I'm worse than them African kids I ain't straight til my numbers match the Motorola ?bid? And walk the streets up in ? ? like I don't fuckin care If I ain't strapped that means I took em off my Nike Airs Get off mine, y'all talk shit like little children when I ride mine like bitched when I walk up in the building Cause I catch tans in the winter, with wild whores Jet-skiin, while you keep warm at corner stores I make it hot, floodin your block, the best way Professionally, they'll find poison in your X-Ray As I get roasted lookin at Biggie posted on my wall Takin shots of Louie til I fall Nuttin to lose, just load the clip up in the groove and kick rhymes to the poster, til I swear Big move My team, you would think was on Thorazine How we floss and don't give a fuck what it's cost-ing [Beanie Sigel] Yo, yo, pressure bust pipes, it's time to apply it now Pick out a quiet town and tie it down Make niggaz lock it down, y'all know where to buy it now Beanie Mac I supply it now My squad roll deep, in foreign cars with two seats Couple of 5's, a 6, a few Jeeps Bag enough coke to last a few weeks In case niggaz wanna test, vest and a few heats You really wanna test my name? And test my game? Until you have me, test my aim? Y'all niggaz nuts, like testricles Hit you up in your apartment buildin vestibule Perhaps it's best for you, to keep on walkin Heat from the noggin, keep on sparkin Platinum prezzie, Bezzie, stay sparklin Cop off the lot never see me at the auction Pint of Bacardi darken, when it's hawkin Out on the strip, until I reach the margin Not tryin to meet the Seargeant, at the precinct Eatin cheese sandwiches, down for the weekend Locked up with dirty white boys and Ricans [Jadakiss] Now if I kill you I probably do ten in the box Come down on appeal then I'm killin your pops You feelin The LOX, nigga why you grillin The LOX If this rap shit don't work niggaz still in the spot You bring it to me, I gotta lose your family Gangstas don't die, they get chubby, and move to Miami Shit is deep now dog but it gets deeper Fuck it, the weather's nice and the price is much cheaper I put it on tape, you gon' buy it, I put it in a bag you gon' try it, y'all niggaz can't deny it Lot of cats still tryin to study my last bounce Tell you what, get a beat tape and a half ounce They got me where I can't be without my large gat Teflon long sleeve, and my hardhat Don't matter if I'm openin up, or headline Doin the speed limit or pushin red lines Six months in the county or fed time I'ma be the 'Kiss nigga, until it's bedtime Anything I'm on is a classic, any nigga ever had beef with, son is a bastard Anytime I spit, spit acid, L.O.X. Ruffryder you heard? We got the game mastered 	I told you the pain was comin 	You wouldn't listen 	You tried to play me like a joke? 	Now who got the last laugh? 	Now take these bullets with you to hell [Sauce Money] You motherfuckers is sick, don't think Sauce the shit So many niggaz on my nuts I thought I lost my dick Picture me fallin off, I'm camera shy Hammers fly, might miss you, but your man'll die What's the difference? Either way I'm stunnin your crew I fuck to win, y'all niggaz comin to lose Somethin to prove? Spit it, we can have a sprayoff I lay off wet niggaz and kill em on my day off Ain't nuttin for me to bust a trey off Murder the whole month of April nigga, just to take May off Run with more Germans than Adolf, you light crews Now I concentrate on your camp, like Jews Flow hot like a heatwave bitch Whips fatter than them shits they beat slaves with I'm a meal stackin nigga who pull quick, still packin for you Phil Jackson niggaz on that Bull [Styles] I don't give a FUCK who you are, so FUCK who you are I don't care about a pretty bitch, watch or a car I don't care about your block and whoever you shot I don't care about your album and whenever it drop I don't care about your past if I did I woulda asked I'm too busy lightin 'dro with a whole lotta hash Far as this rap shit, I'm ten steps ahead of niggaz Shootin backwards, just for practice Ride or die nigga, hoppin in your casket Bout to go to hell with you, blow the L with you Tell the whole world I'm spittin let em know the shells hit you I tell niggaz quick, suck dick and get a glock My name ring bells like Sunday at twelve o'clock I'm half past seven, bust six then eleven You know me, slide my man my joint say reload me I ruffryde and pop a fella for Roc-a-Fella Jay (what the fuck) spendin mozzarella [Jay-Z] I know pop you can't stand us cause you cock them hammers Run in your crib, no prisoners, pop your grandma Locked in the slammer? Nope, popped up in Atlanta Crossed up in a drop I popped up the antenna Whoa.. watch your manners when my veins pop like scanners Like raindrops you hear the thunder when I cock the cannon Big thang, big chains, ain't shit changed Get brained in the four dot six Range Shit main, switch lanes every town I hit, switch planes, bitch flipped big caine Flow with no cut, you take it in vain/vein to the brain Muh'fukas is noddin and throwin up, you know that You don't wanna owe that man He'll hit you, get the picture? Kodak man Gotta, love for war, I don't floss no more I just sit on my money til I'm above the law How the fuck you gonna stop us with your measly asses We don't stop at the tolls we got EZ passes, nigga Multiple cars and divas with D-classes Iceberg sweat with I.B. on the elastic Shit, beyotch! What the fuck, ya heard me? Put some more beat on that joint The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Kid Capri Album: Vol. 2... Hard Knock Life Song: It's Like That Typed by: Brandaman1@aol.com [Jay-Z] Yeah, uh-huh, watch this y'all Uhh, watch this y'all C'mon, Jigga, watch this y'all C'mon, Roc-A-Fella y'all.. {*ad libs continue*} [Kid Capri] It's Kid Capri and Jay-Z, it's Jay-Z and Kid Capri Cause I'm like that yo! I'm really like that [Verse One: Jay-Z] As a young'un dumbin, gun in the waist Sold crack to those who couldn't take the pain And had to numb it with base Couldn't drink the Henny straight, I needed somethin to chase  Nowadays I throw shots back, leavin nuttin to waste Life's like a treadmill, niggas runnin in place Gettin nowhere fast, a whole year done past I vowed to never stop winnin, 'til the earth stop spinnin Rock hot linen, cop hot cars and hot women If it's not him then you got it confused, y'all not rememberin My motto is simply I will not lose Abide by the block rules, I buy my glocks used wit bodies on it, let me know anybody want it? I'm raised, illrational, way misunderstood If you ain't live like I live, been one with the hood I done what I could, to come up with this paper 'til this day still Run with the hood, guess it's part of my nature If hell awaits a, nigga I'm comin with the razors Still flashin ya shit, try to pass me in a six Type classy on the wrists, every bit of 30 karats This is, not a game this is not why I came May these words find a spot on your brain and burn Then I recycle my life I shall return [Chorus 2X]: Female voice and Jay-Z  [Woman] How tight is your flow? [Jay-Z] Cause I'm like that yo [Woman] How right is your dough? [Jay-Z] Cause I'm like that yo [Woman] How white is your blow? [Jay-Z] Cause I'm like that yo [Woman] Only, write what you know [Jay-Z] Cause I'm like that [Verse Two: Jay-Z] I'm a hop skip and a jump from grippin the pump Spittin a couple of curse words, and hittin you chump Shit, I get digits in lumps I'm a motherfuckin problem, is this what you want? Overachiever, I love chicks that puff cheeba in reefer paper I hate the ones that blow up ya beeper Cause I, go in ya deeper, I only bone divas Impregnate the world when I "cum" through your speakers (ha ha) Fuck hot, my records got the fever Niggas kick dirt, get ya whole block sweeped up I creep up when the beef heats up Caught him with his feet up and shoes off, bout to snooze off Hatin, cause you can't turn the booze off You dudes is too soft, why I don't fuck with you all I might bark with X, or spit at the Lox But, other than that, I don't be fuckin with cats Just me Ty and B.I., thug it like that E, Dame and Biggs, what's fuckin with that? Y'all can never diss Jigga, get nothin for that Other than a couple of slugs in ya back (huh huh) Rappers y'all, runnin around like I won't gun ya down Last nigga that fronted, two shots spun him around Lord, accept this offerin here's somethin for your crown I admit no malice, I just met his challenge and won [Chorus] - Repeat 3x [Jay-Z: Repeat 2x til fade]  Girls and guns, all I want stock exchange, rocks and thangs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Memphis Bleek Album: Hard Knock Life/SIW Soundtrack Song: It's Alright Typed by: I3omb1st@AOL.COM Jay-Z: Bounce if you wanna bounce, ball if you wanna ball Play if you wanna play, floss if you wanna floss It's Alright, you heard?, It's Alright, Holla back Get ill if you wanna ill, smoke if you wanna smoke Kill if you wanna kill, loc if you wanna loc It's Alright, you heard? It's Alright, yeah yeah I need a ho in my life to blow on my dice So we can make our points twice and skate out a town I need that glow in my ice, E-Class Ladies screamin Jigga you know we ease that, flowin out like Jees-ass Jay-Z and me holdin the mic so when you like you find MC's so impolite And me I'm so into nice, got cats on the corner like Don't me and Jigga be flowin alike?  Nah, Not in your life ain't nobody copin like Mr. Jay-Z, shit you're crazy I'm hot like the six maybe, Deep dish with the great seats I flow greater than you're navigator I drop in you're town, block you're data Pimps all comin through with a hot pair of gators And a crew with rocks the size of craters Can't touch like hot potatoes, Ya Heard? Bounce if you wanna bounce, ball if you wanna ball Play if you wanna play, floss if you wanna floss It's Alright, you heard?, It's Alright, Holla back Get ill if you wanna ill, smoke if you wanna smoke Kill if you wanna kill, loc if you wanna loc It's Alright, you heard? It's Alright, Holla back Memphis Bleek: In the middle of a war rockin a vest Who's the illest shorty alive, I confess I take nine to the chest and I swear to the heaven sky's, I bless The mics until the day I rest, till they can feel what I feel I'ma try my best, and if you real like I real you can provide the rest Anything left out, you can blame it on the brain, not the heart I'm playing my part, stretched out, just about the best out Any nigga realer than me, is in a messhall with their chest out Any rapper with less clout, sell more records than me We extort them as soon as they record 'em, Bleek My name is clear, back when a shorty used to braid my hair On the project stairs, Once I drop to a ceaser Ma I don't need ya >From the block to the hot two-seaters  Jay-Z: Bounce if you wanna bounce, ball if you wanna ball Play if you wanna play, floss if you wanna floss It's Alright, you heard?, It's Alright, Holla back Get ill if you wanna ill, smoke if you wanna smoke Kill if you wanna kill, loc if you wanna loc It's Alright, you heard? It's Alright, Check On the two Jew-el's I blew more money than Latrell, who else? They don't know you, think they know you too well, you jell Like Flubber I hover above the city in a private jet, the livest set Press you're brakes, Feds wanna investigate, Mr. I don't cop nothin Less than eight, and anything involved with my name Regardless of the fame It's hard, I can't even walk through Harlem again, Charge it to the game, I'm platinum like American Express My boy died, and all I did was inherit his stress To make every jam tougher, you ain't my man fuck ya I suggest let you live right? Negative, I swear It's dough or die, I hope your soul provides you with an afterlife Close you're casket tight Take you're last two deep breaths and pass the mic  To Jay-Z nigga, That's Right!! Bounce if you wanna bounce, ball if you wanna ball Play if you wanna play, floss if you wanna floss It's Alright, you heard?, It's Alright, Holla back Get ill if you wanna ill, smoke if you wanna smoke Kill if you wanna kill, loc if you wanna loc It's Alright, you heard? It's Alright The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Jermaine Dupri Album: Vol. 2... Hard Knock Life Song: Money Ain't a Thang Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uh uh So So Def Yeah, yeah Chorus: Jermaine Dupri and Jay-Z [Jermaine Dupri] In the Ferrari or Jaguar, switchin four lanes With the top down screamin out, money ain't a thang [Jay-Z] Bubble hard in the double R flashin the rings With the window cracked, holler back, money ain't a thang [Jermaine Dupri] Jigga, I don't like it if it don't gleam gleam And to hell with the price cause the money ain't a thang [Jay-Z] Put it down hard for my dogs that's locked in the bang When you hit the bricks, new whips, money ain't a thang [Jermaine Dupri] Come on, y'all wanna floss wit us Cause all across the ball we burn it up Drop a little paper, baby toss it up Ya slackin on your pimpin, turn it up See the money ain't a thang [Jay-Z] I flex the Rol', sign a check for yo' hoe Jigga's style is love, X and O Save all your accolades, just the dough My game is wide, all lames aside Tryin to stay alive, hundred thou' for the bracelet Foolish, ain't I? The chain'll strain ya eye Twin platinum gun son, aim for the sky Ice on my bullet, you die soon as I pull it Willies wanna rub shoulders, your money's too young See me when it gets older, ya bank account grow up Mine's is one-zero-zero-zero-oh-doub' Damn near out the rear trunk when I roll up Multi til I close up, it's all basic I been spending hundreds since they had small faces Rob your stash house, doubled out down in Vegas Me and J.D. got it locked crazy Where you at haters? Chorus [Jermaine Dupri] My cake thick, I live the life Eatin' crab, watching bitches shake shit all night I make the big moves, do the big things Take small groups, turn them into big names The big dog with the big chain, frostbit bracelet to match Cats say I'm the shit man The type of nigga that you need in yo' crew Type of dude that will do shit you won't do, can't do Get more burn than a candle Too hot to hold, too much to handle In the black C-low, he know if she look She go bye-bye with da-da and I ain't gotta say no mo' I'm "The Truth" like A.I., got the proof and stay fly In the safest shit you could never buy Know why? Cause I write the songs that the whole world sing I don't know about y'all but every night I swing Chorus [Jay-Z] Ya'll shit ain't for real til y'all ship a mil' And ya hit a R&B chick and she fit the bill Said she loved my necklace, started relaxin Now that's what the fuck I call a chain reaction Went from wholesome to Jigga, you awe-some Baby, I don't play all my jewelry is light grey Platinum, spend your whole life in the day What's down is a bet, roll the dice [Jermaine Dupri] Yeah, yeah, so let's play  So what you went gold and rock a Roley with the ice bezel It's gon' take a lot mo' to see my level Where I'm at, your check, you better double that And personally your raps is where the trouble at I'm a Benz bubble cat, leather with the wood grain In the platinum frame screamin it's not a game Gleamin, from ear to ear, wrist to wrist, ring and chain Even me and Jay-Z got it locked, crazy Chorus [Jermaine Dupri] So So Def, Roc-A-Fella, collabo' You know, all we do is.. Rock, rock on (*repeat to fade*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z, Beanie Siegel, Memphis Bleek Album: Hard Knock Life "This Thing of Ours"/Belly soundtrack * Song: Crew Love Typed by: Osirus260@aol.com * the version on Belly has an extra verse [Memphis] Yeah, check it Yo yeah I smoke weed now I don't give a fuck And I also tote guns in case my dram pop up It's crew love I spit two at every few thugs Fo doves blow dubs holdin eight snub I hold it down my strip, goin nowhere Flip two eightballs trick the dough on low gear The next week two O's gone Nigga don't prolong Play the studio and get my flow on And sell weight on a later base My older brother kept guns on his waist in case he air the place And walk straight up on you fuckin crooked niggaz Comin out ya mouth sideways like some rookie niggaz I drink Henny mixed wit nothing My weed and the dutch is somethin What you niggaz sayin nuttin It's Bleek, controllin these streets holdin the heat Reportin for my live niggaz just like me WHAT [Jay-Z] Haha this is Roc-A-Fella for life This is Roc-A-Fella for life You know it's crew love, Roc-A-Fella till we die As long as you and I keep it movin like a drive-by We could stack dough sky-high Niggaz can't touch what they can't feel real recognize real Crew love, Roc-A-Fella till we die As long as you and I keep it movin like a drive-by We could stack dough sky-high Niggaz can't touch what they can't feel real recognize real [Beanie Siegel] Yo, I set up shop wit nick rocks that'll upset rookies Make 'em slide like li'l dicks in wet pussy Open up the whole strip, like Monopoly Dare one of ya'll to land on my property Think you get some dough for my community chest? Blaow blaow two to yo chest Ya'll niggaz can't pass go cuz it cost to pass Ya'll niggaz cheap like Baltic Ave.  Type ta land on jail can't pay your bail Wanna borrow from the bank, nigga what you think I'm the wrong one to lie to  Shit I'm the man who supply who supply who supply YOU And ya'll a bunch talk money I'm tryin to get it down for that motherfuckin boardwalk money Two-brick money new blue six money Paroo trip money flew in six money Taj Mahal trips orange chips money Long dick money all in yo bitch money Flow like the flu and spit sick money Peep hotty's Roc-A-Fella wools route All black mask down wit they tools out Beanie mack I'll move out I had niggaz runnin from school pickin new routes Then I'll run and lick a shot make 'em move south Switch up they last name get a new spouse Scrambled up some down-payment for a new house No matter where you go Mack gone find ya I'm like a shadow nigga I'm right behind ya  I'll blow out ya brains and won't give ya no reminder [Memphis] Me and my road dog Been OG's for so long Spit raw rolled up niggaz can smoke on Shit I let 'em have it you faggots ain't know my status Fuckin with my mathematics you make us savage Five nine one six O, light brown M-E-M-P-H-I-S Bleek put it down [Jay-Z] Its crew love, Roc-A-Fella till we die As long as you and I keep it movin, nigga [Beanie] Aiyyo I pray to the God MC to bless me Wit a ill ass flow and sick ass dough Where it don't make no sense that hundreds and cents and Thousands of dollars ice freezes my collar  Where I need a turtle-neck to rock my check  And a pair of isotoners to rock my rings Get the signin bonus know mack toppin them thangs Flip twice rip that crew then I'm droppin my thang [Jay-Z] Nigga it's crew love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diamonds in Da Ruff Album: Roc-A-Fella Presents (Jay-Z Bonus Disc)  Song: Respect Typed by: andrewkms@yahoo.com Roc-A-Fella once again, yeah what...This is Diamonds In Da Ruff yall, haha We drop this song, yall didn't hear us before know what I mean, but Yall Gonna Hear Us Now Aiyyo, Rebels my name you see me Phat Farm, Tim's all gemed up play hero and ninja like a pretzel You get all bent up Nobodys gonna hold me down nobodys gonna slow me down All she be like straw house, nigga and just blow me down >From Harlem a.k.a. Bangladesh, shock 'em down thang thang Make it sound like shitty bang bang You still think im gonna choke the opposite of Jay-Z and Jermaine Except im a rebel, on another level where money mean everything Talk to me No they aint ready to talk to you Im gonna let these cats know man Yo, listen here I flow with fo fo guys haten po po spies Relay on movin home grown pies Rather dies than to see it mo' poties I see my people shy They will be knock whoever look through that pee holes blind Smashing everything from the game  to that freak hoes fives shake life Must be crack cause it grows most wise and losers finally quote to see a cat like me, cold shine Every night up in the down  just to kill mo' timers Bout time you let me play Got more game than EA Used to take goldeen trips to PA we need a Now on the way to the top it never stop Catch me in every block with a rock Eatin my way and its still just cocked ready to pop, now whos the fooler Think im uhs cause im cuter be the same on in the cooler with the hole in the midula I used to take twenties and buddha, to the face till I caught that case with George, on my waist Now B.O. trying to violate if I get a taste feel me? Im just like you want beef, i'll bust like you need to bust just like you, only trust my crew Diamonds In Da Ruff Aiyyo, whatever you all want to do yall do it, bring it man, dont talk to me, run at me I can see its alot of yall goons that dont want to see me get no riches All im gonna do is rip the shows, get the hoes, and take your bitches Nigga, you aint gotta like me Front, then you gotta fight me I dont play fair I play to win and my crew is like me Im from Spanish Harlem 1st Ave. to be exact 11-9-9, you niggas gotta problem wit that Know from Eastend to Riverside and Fineas Dieon bring the war without the wip like Dieon Im gonna see 'em Im gonna respect something that is important to me aint nobody you know livin' that ever extorted me My fam i'd die for, cry for, lie for take a knife in the eye for Nigga, im a suvivour in the BX, rep my Lenox to 241st and Whiteplains smack you like a Parker brother fathers hit your light game and I just came in to let yall niggas know bout a Diamond In Da Ruff and I still need the dough, nigga Nigga jumps across the webs, the Wilson, Grand Jev, Metro long, Polo grounds, Saint Knick, Manhatten and we run New York Yall want to know my style basically Im a thorough nigga named B. Bubblin not that cats you want trouble with and i demand respect Change the Harlem Vet. from Foster, Lincoln, Whillen Projects across 110th to the depth witty, F had the West Indies Im odin it right so my chicken head dog can rest with me Most cats is unworthy and you can find me if you wanted to on 1st Ave. In gold Tim's and Yankee jersey What What What What (fading) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z and Memphis Bleek Album: Roc-A-Fella Presents (Jay-Z Bonus Disc) Song: Can I Live (Bonus Disc) Typed by: i3omb1st@aol.com Verse 1: Jay-Z Yeah, ya'll niggas finished yo? Ya'll niggas finished? Got your little radio, play your little videos huh? You finished nigga, huh, huh, huh? Ya'll finished, Can I Live? Huh, Can I Live? Yo, yo, yo I blacks out, I pulls da mack out Scream what's that about, then I clap out I get my fly on, and my drop on, due to write on Don't even hate on those who hate me, I got pac on Feelin it, feelin it, chickens are ice grillin it Cops pullin it over, Jigga react militant Speed off Officer told me "Turn the beat off" I truned it a level higher The return of the devil's fire I'm raised different, react in situations niggas lay stiff in Rookies blame it on the age difference My subliminal flows create criminal O's Sing along if you with me, till the end of the road I'm cynical, when in the view of the public and this is because I'm defensive I'm in of these views The percentage of those who don't understand  Is higher than the percentage who do Check yourself, what percentage is you?, Can I Live? Chorus: Jay-Z For all my niggas with the all white air force ones And black guns stack ones yo, Can I Live? For all my chicks, bitches, ho's stand bull legged like a bull dog You nah mean, uh, Can I Live? To all the C-low champs, two green dice and one red Stop the bank and roll head ya'll, Can I Live? To all my niggas who drink Hennesey straight Cop mix tapes, and sell weight niggas Verse 2: Jay-Z I got the Feds sendin me letters cause I'm schoolin the youth But they can't lock me down cause my tool is the truth Yeah I sold drugs for a livin, that's a given, why is it? Why don't ya'll try to visit the neighborhoods I live in My mind been through hell, my neighborhood is crime central Cops look you up more than try to defend you I push you to the limit when I'm needin the wealth And all I see is life's cycle just repeatin itself Ran into shorty boppin down the ave, on the way to glock his magnum He proceeded to show me a block of slab and said.. Memphis Bleek: Ayo there's money out there I've just got to have When I catch up to these fiends, I'ma knock em on they ass Not to brag, sometimes I look at my life and laugh How I think about school and it taught me not to grab When I back out, let one out, let the barrel turn Holla at you faggots that it's block to burn That credit, you dead it, I know heads getting annoyin Knew all about a dope fiend before beaten down new goings Flippin boyin, using the right cut One thing that's fucked up is bad dope that I can't pump This slab gotta re-up and re-bag Blend it in with the raw, bubblin fast, cop more Once I get it, I got it, I lock it Nobody pop shit Sellin twenty's on my block bitch on some black top shit What you want nigga?, What you want nigga? What you want, What you want nigga? Can I Live? Chorus: Jay-Z To all my niggas that hold coke in they bubble coat Tryin to win with the construction Timbs yo, Can I Live? Ayo, esse, all my chicks that strip, booze Go to the store with the dobbie pins still in All my chicks with the credit card scams Two kids, one job, and no man All my chicks getting that washroom set with they welfare check All my niggas rockin them fitted caps tryin to get in this rap, nah mean? All my cats with open cases, big cars and no licenses I like that shit, I see ya'll All my niggas that say pause after they say some fucked up shit Rock on, Jigga shit, Roc-A-Fella forever, yo, uh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Jay-Z f/) Beanie Siegel Album: Roc-A-Fella Presents (Jay-z Bonus Disc) Song: Beanie Siegel Freestlye Typed by: Pfuller@sullivan.suny.edu Beenie Mack Rocafella y'all Check Check A yo two decades, three years and still in order I done stabbed sticks, killed bricks drowned drops of water Ate a million dollars  Shitted four million quarters Stuck mothers, sisters, aunt, nieces and daughters Fuck taco bell  I run south of the border Cop a whole pie and you working wit a quarter Stay cased up like my man Rhyme Slaughter Sleep in crack spots on off that water Y'all scrape up for weed money and grub Me and my man role in a Benz four dub On our way to the club Smoking weed out the jug While most stay in court trying to plead wit the judge What! Fist and wrist stay glitered up Don pee sip it up to I spit it up I fuck bitches who bust checks to flood my neck Give me rough sex  Huff wet Bust teks Feds eyeing, like I'm imported that shit I trying to be cased up in court for that shit I just want to breeze through sported that shit Laughing at them point niggaz snorting that shit Y'all niggaz would never finish that y'all be starting Never could back up that shit y'all be talking I make you famous  I put your face on milk cartons Beenie Mack smoother than Jerome on Martin I keep the silence on the three eighty loughton Quiets the bus but can't do shit about this sparking That's why I get my bodies right before darken Your dogs ain't biting shit, just doing a lot of barking Your squads leaking Fronting like y'all eating Rent a little car get dress on the weekend That that Joe shit You don't know me why you speaking? Cause I shut down blocks and clock like Puerto Ricans Beenie Mack rap gorilla I'm out for the scrilla Face it ain't no replacement for this killer The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Pain In Da Ass Album: Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter Song: Hova Song (Intro) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Yeah, I know you just ripped the packaging off your CD If you like me you readin the credits right now If you in your car, I don't care if it's winter I want you to put all your windows down Zone out, buckle up, let's go Hello it's Hova; that's right young'un the wait is over The new millineum is upon us, the album is here Before we get into the shit, let's get a few things clear Rappers with no relation: there's "Seven Degrees of Seperation" and I'm Kevin Bacon This is the murderer's version Jigga the shit, even when he rhyme in third person Hova the God, I should be rappin with turban Haters can't disturb him, waiters can't serve him Mike Jordan of rap - outside J workin Now watch how quickly I drop 50 I don't like playin, niggaz can't stick me Niggaz can not jam me, niggaz can't get me Slimmy at the Rucka wanna leave and spend with me I consistantly take em out the park like Ken Griffey Do you believe? It's Hova the God [Pain In Da Ass] Makes you think about the people in your life Then I think about BIG; what'd he say if he was here He'd say, "Jay, what's it about? What's life about? If you don't go through as a man's a man" He'd say, "Suck it up, take the fall, do the time  that's what makes you who you are, makes you what you are" How many years you been around this thing of ours? Commision, 125 years What's it about? It's about rules, parameters You take the beatin for the friend you don't lay down you don't betray who you are, what you are You gotta remember guys like Taj, Chill, Ran, Emory They don't roar, they don't rap You know why? That's the rules, you don't break them You was born to be somethin I wasn't even supposed to be.. humble Okaay so you humble me now, what you got? You got a war, you got global war  You got a worldwide crime syndicate now There's no rules, there's no parameters, there's no feelings There's no feelings for this game So.. five ten years from now You're gonna wish there was American Commision Five ten years from now... They're gonna miss Jay-Z Oahhhkayyyyy, I'm reloaded!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter Song: So Ghetto Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Back at'cha How we do Primo, Jigga-Man History in the making Let's go Uhh, uh-huh-uh-UHH Uh-huh-uh-uhh, uhh I spit the murder-murder-murderous Mur-mur-ma-murderous SHIT Uh-huh-uh-huh-uh-huh-uh-UHH I keep the gangsta-gangsta-gangsta Gah-gah-ga-gangsta beat, feel me? Uhh I spit that Brooklyn-Brooklyn-Brook Uh-uhh, uh-huh-uh-uhh, uh-uhh Uh-huh-UHH Yo.. career crook, nobody rap Brooklyn like me Jigga-Man, Volume 3, I'm back lookin like me Stop the presses, baby girls, drop your dresses B-K lick a shot for Big Pop' in heaven Ever since I came through, niggaz got the impression everything I drop, out of the question, stop the guessin it's hot, flows provin I pack cause my dough's movin My whole crew up in this muh'fucker We spray corners, stand there like you got a cape on ya, fine You'll be wearing a black suit a long time I put your crew in hard bottoms The priest is like, "God's got him He never did nuttin to nobody but them boys shot him" Brandish iron, outlandish buyin Bentley Coupes, not braggin just simply the truth We all from the ghetto, only difference, we go back Back up in D&D on this Primo track, listen Chorus: Jay-Z {scratching by DJ Premier} I'm so gangsta prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me 	"Iceberg, Slim baby ride rims" I'm so gutter, ghetto girls fall in love with me 	"You know him well.." "..by the name of Jigga" I'm so gangsta prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me 	"You can love me or hate me.." "..Jay-Z" I'm so gutter, ghetto girls fall in love with me 	"Roc-a-Fella lock the whole block down" [Jay-Z] Wednesday's I'm up in Shine, Cheetah's Monday night I'm fuckin with the model chicks Friday night at Life So I'm cruisin in the car with this boozy broad She said, "Jigga-Man you rich, take the doo-rag off" Hit a U-turn; ma I'm droppin you back off Front of the club, "Jigga why you do that for?" Thug nigga til the end, tell a friend bitch Won't change for no paper plus I been rich Eighty-eight been hustlin, linen been crushin em Women been fuckin them HUH? You see I live for the love of the street Rap to the ruggedest beats Hall closet cluttered with heat I spit that murder-murder-murder that Brook-Brook-a-Brooklyn shit Furthermore ma.. We tote guns to the Grammy's, pop bottles on the White House lawn Guess I'm just the same old Shawn Chorus [Jay-Z] I'm from the M-to-the-A-baby-R-C-Y So it's hard for me to let the larceny die Niggaz see me in the streets with no bodyguards just two big guns that'll body your squad Could niggaz be scheamin on me? Probably are Think Jigga's a joke nigga? Hardy har I spit Brook-Brook-Brooklyn every time I bust Radio's gotta play me though I cuss too much Magazine said I'm shallow, I never learned to swim Still they put me on they cover cause I earn for them Soon as I sell too much, watch them turn on him cause that seem to be the shit that'll earn for them I spit that murder-murder-murderous everytime a verbalist iller than Verbal Kint is or O-Dog in "Menace" I'm ill, start to finish, I rip apart contenders I'm hot.. hehehehe.. Chorus [Jay-Z] I'm so gangsta prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me, uhh I'm so gutter, ghetto girls .. Heheh, (uhh, uhh, uh-huh-uh-uhh), yeah Uhh, yeah, funk, yeah, with me, yeah, beyotch, yeah Jigga, yeah, Primo, yeah, gangsta, yeah, niggaz, yeah Brooklyn, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Amil, Beanie Sigel Album: Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter Song: Do it Again (Put Ya Hands Up) Typed by: peeditty1@aol.com, ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Jay-Z] Roc-A-Fella.. y'all know what this is We givin y'all five seconds to put your drink down and report to the dance floor immediately All the bustas we givin y'all five seconds to get close to a exit It's about to get real ugly in here Five seconds is up - let's go! Throw the hands up (uh, uh, uh) Throw the hands up (Niggaz) Throw the hands up (Bitches) Throw the hands up (Bustas) Throw the hands up (Hustlers) Throw the hands up (Hoes!) Throw the hands up (Boasters) Throw the hands up (MAC) [Beanie Sigel] You know how Mac come through on the club tip E'rybody real deep on that thug shit Cop Cris' spray the club on that thug shit Cop frisks suits snub in the club quick Told y'all real high, when I come you can try If you want, you can die, if you want to We hittin whores on the floor, whole crew be wild Bitch "Back That Azz Up" like Juvenile (huh) When my peeps come to spend, a dime apiece You know Mac come through with a line of freaks Every bitch on the hit be a 9 at least We gettin head on the floor, while you grindin freaks Whole squad get it down like this Whole squad buyin rounds of Cris' Whole squad got they crowns on wrist Whole squad got a pound of twist Whole squad got a pound to spit, in case a clown wanna flip Mac never slip in the club Told y'all niggaz four-fifth in the club If a nigga wanna draw then the blood it can drip in the club You know how niggaz get in the club Shit you know how I be, all high in V.I.P. Rolling up to B.I.G. (bay-bay) Niggaz be all liquored up, talkin shit 'til they man gotta come and pick 'em up Got bitches in the back bouncin to "Jigga What" You got your hands up and I ain't even stick y'all up (E'rybody get it up) Throw the hands up (E'rybody get it up) Throw the hands up [Jay-Z] (Amil) 12 AM on the way to the club (uh) 1 AM DJ made it erupt (uh-huh) 2 AM now I'm gettin with her (what up?) 3 AM now I'm splittin with her (splittin with who?) 4 AM at the waffle house (waffle house) 5 AM now we at my house (uh) 6 AM I be diggin her out (who?) 6:15 I be kickin her out (what?) 7 AM I'ma call my friends (uh-huh) 12AM we gon' do it again We gon', we gon', we gon' do it again (We gon' do it again) [Jay-Z] By the way, yo.. How the fuck you gon' talk about MC's on our heel? When we just cop them things homie the chromey wheels Both arms are chunky the sleeves on chill Any given times a hundred G's in your grill Don't talk to me 'bout MC's got skills "He's alright, but he's not real" Jay-Z's that deal, with seeds in a field Never fear for war, hug, squeeze that steel Fuck, you gotta a flow that's cool with me You got a little dough that cool with me You got a little cars, little jewelries But none of y'all motherfuckers could fool with me You know the wrist frostbit minus two degrees Bout as blue as the sea the way I manuever the V Hat cocked can't see his eyes, who could it be? With that new blue Yankee on, who but me? Niggaz shipped two million, then I blew the three Then I skated the four, 'fore I went on tour I came back and it's plain, y'all niggaz ain't rappin the same Fuck the flow, y'all jackin our slang I seen the same shit happen to Kane Three cuts in your eyebrows tryin to wild out The game is ours, we'll never foul out Y'all just better hope we gracefully bow out Throw yo' hands up - niggaz, bitches, bustas Hustlers - FUCK THAT (throw the hands up) [Amil] (Jay-Z) 12 AM on the way to the club (uh huh) 1 AM bout to shake the butt (uh) 2 AM now I'm checkin the mix (ah yeah) 3 AM now he buyin me drinks (what you drinkin on?) 4 AM exit the club (let's go) 5 AM think he gettin some butt (that's right) 6 AM nigga still ain't bust (what?) 6:15 nigga will get up (uh) 7 AM gotta tell my friends (uh-huh) 12 AM I'ma do it again, uh, uh I'ma do it again 12 AM I'ma do it again (Uh-huh, uh, uh.. let's go) [Jay-Z] 12 AM on the way to the club 1 AM DJ made it a rub 2 AM now I'm gettin with her 3 AM now I'm splittin with her 4 AM at the waffle house 5 AM now we at my house 6 AM I be diggin her out 6:15 I be kickin her out 7 AM I'ma call my friends 12 AM we gon' do it again We gon', we gon', we gon' do it again Let's go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Serena Altschul Album: Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter Song: Dope Man Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*sound of a camera taking a picture*} [Jay]	Millenium flow [MTV]	Serena Altschul's here live outside the criminal courthouse [Jay]	This is {bullshit} y'all [MTV]	in New York City for the first day in the trial of  [Jay]	I'm gone {*car speeds off*} [MTV]	the State vs. Shawn Carter, a.k.a. Jay-Z [Jay]	Uhh, uh-huh-uh, uhh, uh-huh-uh, uhh [MTV]	Whatever the verdict in this trial may be 	the effects will undoubtedly be felt worldwide [Jay-Z] Aiyyo, stand forward, 'fore you take notice or witness to me killin the track Testify 'til me spillin the smack Now they got me for traffickin, racketeerin, audio crack {Hook:}	They call me Dope Man, Dope Man 	I try to tell em I'm where hope, floats man 	Ghetto spokes-man A broke man, approachin the bench with intent to bury me under the cell, fingered me as the toast man Evidence stemmin from ninety-six They say the world ain't recovered from his fix While they was usin cut I was on some other shit Gave it to you raw and they just discovered it Nowaday, the jury got they brow raised Listenin to testimony about my foul ways Exhibit A: "Reasonable Doubt" They say this was the first thing that turned the peoples out [MTV]	You can feel the tension building here 	as an unprecedented number of people have turned out 	for what may be the "Trial of the Century" {Hook} [Jay-Z] How come, you label your brand of dope "Volume 1" and spread it through the slums? Fed it to the young with total disregard Your honor, the State seeks the maximum charge And how could you, turn right around and release a lethal dosage called "Volume 2" And is true you operate the criminal enterprise known as Roc-a-Fella in charge of his meteoric rise? And do you deny you're responsible for the demise of record execs, and do you object? Your distribution's Polygram, and through your connects Def Jam, you pushed over five million SoundScan And not to mention, your co-horts and henchmen Dame, Biggs, Lyor, Kev' and Russell Simmons And we ain't gon' talk about Murder, Inc. That just establishes a darker deeper criminal link [MTV]	The State is seeking the maximum penalty 	and with the overwhelming amount of evidence 	the D.A.'s presented, things aren't looking good {Hook} [MTV]	Despite the grim outlook at this point 	the rapper has been known to emerge triumphant 	in the face of adversity {Hook} [MTV]	Jay-Z is taking the stand [Jay-Z] Right hand on the Bible, left hand in the air Before I spoke one word, made sure my throat was clear A-hem, I'm a prisoner of circumstance Frail nigga, I couldn't much work with my hands But my mind was strong, I grew where you hold your blacks up Trap us, expect us not to pick gats up Where you drop your cracks off by the Mack trucks Destroy our dreams of lawyers and actors Keep us spiralin, goin backwards At age nine, saw my first hate crime Blindfolded, expected to walk a straight line Mind molded, taught to love you and hate mine Climbed over it, at a early age, Jay shined Fuck the system at Lady Justice I blaze nine Your Honor, I no longer kill my people, I raise mine The soul of Mumia in this modern day time [MTV]	While the jury is inside deliberating 	outside the crowd is frozen with anticipation {Hook} [MTV]	Well the verdict has just been announced: NOT GUILTY! 	It is complete pandemonium out here! {Hook; Serena keeps speaking} 	People are cheering and hugging - there he is 	Jay-Z is exiting the courtroom right now 	There is a swarm of cameras surrounding him {*pop bulbs flashing*} 	and people are just rushing up to him 	Let's try and make our way over there, Jay-Z! Jay-Z! 	{*sounds of cameras keep flashing*, *music fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Mariah Carey Album: Vol. 3 - Life and Times of S. Carter Song: Things That U Do Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Jay-Z] Uh-huh, uh Jigga man, uh-huh MC Thats right Swizz Beatz Uh, uh, come on [Mariah](Jay-Z) It's the things that you do That make me feel so... (Come on, inhale, exhale, breathe on it for me) And I don't know the way I feel I can explain (Uh) I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do (Bounce, bounce) It's the things that you do That make me feel so.. (Exhale breathe on it for me) And I don't know the way I feel I can explain (Yeah) I love you (Uh come on) You thug look at what you make the clubs do [Jay-Z] You know the flow sicka, know Jigga, mo' sicka now right You know what me and Swizz's shit sound like Crazed and demonic, uh without blazin chronic Product of Reaganomics You know that motherfuckin stoop raised me Ringin in da hoops but I was too lazy School made me sick, teachers said I was too crazy Low and behold, it's the new and improved Jay-Z Let me explain this to you baby I spent nights out, days in Niggaz was blazing, twelve noon where I was raised in I felt caged in but kept roaming Prayed for the Day of Atonement Married to the streets no date of annulment It seems every time it comes up They postpone it So I kept my chrome at the waist Waiting for the omen Savoring the moment and now you know The reason that I flow the way I flow baby [Mariah](Jay-Z) It's the things that you do (Uh, inhale, exhale, breathe on it) That make me feel so.. And I don't know the way I feel I can explains I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do (Bounce, shake, bounce, shake) It's the things that you do That make me feel so.. (Uh, exhale, breathe on it for me) And I don't know the way I feel I can explain (Uh) I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do (Drop, bounce, yo) [Jay-Z] You know I move like an ounce Bottled up like crack That's how I make you bounce like that Defy Webster's words they can't pronounce like that That's why no other rapper got a sound like that Trap, trap of my life Flashback, kill niggaz Rap skills unmatched, Jigga man baby I can't entertain it sometimes I can't explain it God given, gifts of a soul for hard living Far be it from me to question Allah's wisdom Could've been lost in the system Instead I'm involved with the rhythm I dodged prison, came out unscathed from car collisions I know I must be part of some mission Shit I used take it for granted Why they placed me on this planet I would ask myself while writin raps to myself But right there under my nose Was the flow of all flows Not a demon but a rose in the cement, come on [Mariah](Jay-Z) It's the things that you do That make me feel so.. (Inhale, exhale, breathe on it MC) And I don't know the way I feel I can explain (Uh) I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do (Bounce, shake, shake it, uh) It's the things that you do That make me feel so.. (Exhale, uh) And I don't know the way I feel I can explain I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do (Lights out nigga) [Jay-Z] You know I've traveled through zones Homes spazzed like a bad back I came into this game on Jaz's back I jumped off stood on my own two like boom, that's that Yeah I'm here to show and prove Don't matter to me the Garden or flowin on Clue Whatever niggas wanna do - it's alright with me Whether you big or bossy, jig or flossy Dusty or musty, sober or saucy Broker than Todd Bridges, richer than Bill Cosby Forgive me for my arrogance or you still salty? Past on to the next life and you still haunt me I'mma keep doing me unfortunately I make the club rock, make thugs pop guns Make old folks do the bus stop; can't stop son Shit I give you what's hot and what's not, I never knew Y'all (niggas) know (niggas) how (niggas) do [Mariah](Jay-Z) It's the things that you do that make me feel so.. (Uh, exhale, inhale) And I don't know the way I feel I can explain I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do (Uh, bounce, shake, what? uh-huh) It's the things that you do that make me feel so.. (Uh-huh, inhale, exhale) And I don't know the way I feel I can explain I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do (Bounce, shake ladies) It's the things that you do that make me feel so.. (Uh-huh, breathe for me, uh, uh-huh) And I don't know the way I feel I can explain (Uh) I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do (Lights out niggas) It's the things that you do that make me feel so.. And I don't know the way I feel I can explain I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do It's the things that you do that make me feel so.. And I don't know the way I feel I can explain I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do It's the things that you do that make me feel so.. And I don't know the way I feel I can explain I love you You thug look at what you make the clubs do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter Song: It's Hot (Some Like it Hot) Typed by: ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Can't stop it nigga, uh Mm-hmm, uh-huh, can't stop that Timbaland uh-huh.. Jigga Man uh-huh Yeah.. Brook, Brook-Brooklyn huh? That's right Put your motherfuckin hands together, uh-huh Put your motherfuckin hands together Yo, can't stop it Yo.. Yo show closer, J-to-the-A-Y-Hovah Place shutter down, who the fuck'll fuck around? Game spitter, Range sitter, Bentley driver nigga Keep a full clip I have to empty out on niggaz Hoe bagger, no slacker, get this shit jumpin like eight blacks, fo' crackers, get yo' ass jumped Crist' sipper, six dipper, wrist glitter nigga Gat buster, ass toucher.. clit licker Go against Jigga yo' ass is dense I'm about a dollar, what the fuck is 50 Cents? Hot shit, kick a nigga, turn these mics out My jewelry so bright you can turn these lights out Hovah's like Noah keep two in the truck I'm like U-Haul; every bitch movin I fuck You move slut, I gotta put two in your butt I'm everything: the when's, why's, who's, and what Nigga what? Chorus: Jay-Z (repeat 2X w/ minor variations) Hell no you can't stop it, when it's hot it's hot My grind, keep me jumpin out of drop to drop My shine, lose your sight tryin to watch the watch When there's drama Jigga pop, Jigga pop, pop [Jay-Z] Seperate myself from the lame, no you can't see me I'm 6-0-0, you 300 C-E Give my ladies dick, my young hoes pee-pee Hits in a row like MJ; "Hee-hee!" Since I was waist height, late night, bustin in the clouds Runnin wild, comin home late, cussin out my mouth Niggaz said, "Bryan leave your cousin in the house" Everytime we play the Dozen, he's buggin out While y'all was playin yo-yo, I was sittin on low pros Dippin the po-po, gettin that dough-dough No, no I ain't stupid I take loot kid What's in the bank? Shoot it Lose it like I ain't do it You wanna play Jigga nigga what you drank fluid? Got a full tank now you wanna pull rank? I clap still, act ill, Jigga shoot thee Give you chest pains, leg sprains absolutely What? Chorus [Jay-Z] Thirty-eight revolve like the sun round the Earth Try to play hard get you found round the dirt Six shell casings found round your shirt {*cyring*} in surround sound from the hearse Jigga Man, trigger man, hit your man up Six shots, hit the pole, hit the van up Kidnap grown folks get them grands up Timbaland, hot shit, get them hands up Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Juvenile Album: Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter Song: Snoopy Track Typed by: ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Bounce Uhhh, ha, uhhh, ha Uhhh, uh-huh-uh-uhhh, uhh, uh-huh This for my hustlers.. uh-huh And for the bitches.. yeah Yo, yo This is for my niggaz down in Houston on candy paint All my niggaz in the Dirty South, Miami mayne All my niggaz in the A-T-L throwin dem bones All them thugs that send slugs through your clothes; holla at me It's for the black culture, Spanish chicks with the sweet chocha Spanish cats with the ki's of cocoa All the haters eat a dick they wanna see you brok-er I hope the heat stroke ya, the misery is over All my deep smokers, I hope the leaf choke ya Hope you'll never be sober I'ma toast to myself I hope the Crist' get me, spiralin into a tizzy So pissy, swervin on the road dizzy May God protect my soul, angels walk with me First do the flow sickly, niggaz is so shifty The fo'-fo' is like a force field, you won't get me I brought some folk with me, Brooklyn is loc'n with me What the fuck? Chorus: Juvenile (repeat 2X) You know, we ride All day, all night Pop Crist, shoot dice Fuck hoes, for life [Jay-Z] This is for my chicks that get dough for takin off they clothes All them money makin honeys that slide down the poles All my educated chicks who grade is 4.0 All the baby mamas across the globe; aiyyo I like my women friends feminine I like my hoes on "X" like Eminem.. shit! I like em bow-legged, never coke-headed With a dough fetish - the drive to go get it I like they toes proper, I like they clothes Prada I like they shoes Gucci, I like new coochie I fucked a few groupies, in a few hoopties I got em iceberg shit they thought I knew Snoopy I cop them Roc-a-Wear, my mamis dedicated They never tell me no, the most they said is "not here" I got they ears studded, both wrists baguetted I got a main chick, a mistress, and a young bitch Forget it I'm the don Chorus [Jay-Z] Wha-What? This is for my dice shooters, cats doin life By the time I get this kite to ya, I hope you doin alright Who got em platinum up? Who got the chicks in the truck? Too much to sit comfortably, they lappin up Who shit is big pimpin? See the flow different I drop heavy then I let the four-fifth flip em I keep rappers talkin to kids, Jigga "Sixth Sense-d" em Don't mention my name and lames in the same sentence You see I'm so thorough, take on your whole borough Be so careful I hear the whistle from the fo'-fo' barrel Keep the flow Hovah; icy neck, cold shoulder Who click is closest to La Costra Nostra? It's "The Roc" Chorus 1.5X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Amil Album: Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter Song: S. Carter Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Jay-Z] S-dot-Carter Y'all must try harder Competition is [Amil] Nada Ladies scream papa Niggas can't stop ya Competition is [Jay-Z] No, no, no S-dot-Carter Y'all must try harder Competition is [Amil] Nada Ladies scream papa Niggas can't stop ya Competition is [Jay-Z] No, no, no, nope You can't see 'em Though you got plans to be him Pay homage if by chance you meet him In his pants pocket, your advance and per diem It's the undisputed champion For clique, dough sick, no medicine for us Competition like I said in the chorus Let me spell it out for ya Jay to tha Amil (A to the Y stay real fuck how they feel, uh-huh, uh-huh) That's how we put it down (Uh-huh, uh-huh y'all gon get it now) Chip off the old block Resemble my old pops 'Cept I tote glocks and open dope spots And I shut down rap crews Smack them cats who flash tools Laugh at fake ballers with bad jewels I'll tell you once This is shit you should've of knew (Jigga what?) Jigga (Jigga who?) Okay [Jay-Z] S-dot-Carter Y'all must try harder Competition is [Amil] Nada Ladies scream papa Niggas can't stop ya Competition is [Jay-Z] No, no, no S-dot-Carter Y'all must try harder Competition is [Amil] Nada Ladies scream papa Niggas can't stop ya Competition is [Jay-Z] No, no, no I'mma Roc-a-fella soldier I thought I told ya Hustler, nigga move weight like Oprah Drive wide body, twenty-inch big motor No tints, make no mistake y'all it's Hova I stay sportin' played Jordan's before Jordan Verses tight, hooks harder than Ken Norton Musically touching you Truthfully I abuse beats better call BCW I make my mother move So I have no problem coming around the old way Sluggin' you, that's what a thug will do (Thuggin', bust techs, a suspect dangerous, and I love rough sex) Yeah that's what's up Even when I'm asleep the gats is up Paranoid like Sunny drive backing up But I'm from Bed-Stuy, killa with the flow Let lead fly from out the four-four, motherfuckers [Jay-Z] S-dot-Carter Y'all must try harder Competition is [Amil] Nada Ladies scream papa Niggas can't stop ya Competition is [Jay-Z] No, no, no S-dot-Carter Y'all must try harder Competition is [Amil] Nada Ladies scream papa Niggas can't stop ya Competition is [Jay-Z] No, no, no None I remain at the top like the sun And I burn whoever come in my chambers of torture The flame gon' spark ya Blood stain the tarp But remains they chalk ya Don't try to smooth talk us [Amil](Jay-Z) You got nothing to offer But the baby nine And make ya fine offer The chick is ill Even with four-inch heels No panties on and Patricia Fields I get down Just name the time, the place We could take it back to Vaseline on our face On a regular day we just gleam up your space Rock our own line, got our whole team laced RW with the torch on my jeans by the waist Without heat we still gon steam up the place (Amil-lion, Jigga man, flawless, here we go) [Jay-Z] S-dot-Carter Y'all must try harder Competition is [Amil] Nada Ladies scream papa Niggas can't stop ya Competition is [Jay-Z] No, no, no S-dot-Carter Y'all must try harder Competition is [Amil] Nada Ladies scream papa Niggas can't stop ya Competition is [Jay-Z] No, no, no The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Amil, Beanie Siegal, Memphis Bleek Album: Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter Song: Pop 4 Roc Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com, RPMxxxxxxPnPR@aol.com [Amil] (Jay-Z) (Alright yeah) Would ya love me? (Uh-huh, alright) Would ya hate me? (Watch this yo) I know ya love me (Alright) I know ya hate me (Uh Clue) Would ya love me? (Brand new Duro) Would ya hate me? I know ya love me (Feel this yo, uh) [Amil] Uh, uh, uh See me comin through hair done just a slinging my shit With something Gucci on clinging to my hips Frontin with the Star Tech ringing in the whip Icy ears, neck, fingers for years Got the show wild with the toes out Shit I don't fuck with no stingy nigga I rock Prada, Chanel, and Fendi nigga What I'mma do with your little blunts and Henney nigga? I'mma Major Coin with a pretty Bentley nigga Uh my niggas will ride for me You should see all the things they buy for me Uh, it's obvious how I spend my time Around ballers all day don't have to spend a dime Callin' up room service when it's dinner time Get my tan on in the tropics in the winter time nigga, uh, uh, uh [Amil] (Beanie Siegal) Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 Roc) I know ya hate me (Cuz you know we got shit locked) Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 Roc) I know ya hate me (And you know we got shit locked) [Beanie Siegal] Ay yo, we gon' stop this here Get this clear the general of the Roc in here Beanie Siegal hottest thing on the block this year Keep the ego we been bound to the top ya hear Forget about it you don't know me yo stop the stares I've been about it pop you then pop ya peers You know how I do six coup, top be clear You know how I play low layer Roc-A-Wear Catch Siegal in the kitchen balloon in the pie Y'all from whom to buy Y'all niggas know if y'all cross Mac Y'all soon to die Cuz you know I bring heat like June and July Spit like August I'm the truth I'm not lying I'm the reason why Jay feel comfortable retiring I gotta laugh cuz y'all work hard at this shit Think about yo I just started this shit Just imagine if I put my heart in this shit Scary sight y'all niggas feel me right God damn yo I barely write But every rhyme be in check like a pair of Nikes [Amil] (Beanie Siegal) Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 roc) I know ya hate me (Cuz you know we got shit locked) Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 roc) I know ya hate me (And you know we got shit locked) [Memphis Bleek] Yo, yo, well I'm gold now Memph Man Coming Of Age and I'm grown now Sittin on chrome now I'm the youngest gun, I get it on with anyone I've been in thirty beefs shit I'm barely 21 Guns I hold em like offensive linemen Bring em back to the streets like a brick on consignment Interlining of the Mark Buchanan Spark two hammers Memph Man gold marks the understanding [Jay-Z] We don't engage in war we elope Orange juice style beat niggas to a pulp We broke nigga you just told 3 jokes Me, Biggs, and Dame we get some things See the six dames me and Biggs live in the Range Mine's platinum his Champagne Niggas whisper cuz if they talk they gets slain Y'all's was looking for me on the charts the bricks came Left the same night in the morning the chicks came I just use rap to put shit in my name The death's just a matter of time the hit's been arranged Contracts signed the shits in your name Just to lame rap niggas I'm the king Motherfuck the ring mami kiss the chain I don't got game to waste on y'all I'm don't think with my dick or chase my balls I'm a hustla hit me with an eighth of raw And when I get on top I'mma blaze all y'all Keep em laced some more I know you want some things I drink a lot of water mami come clean Chicks I pump her then dump her Cars we got em bumper to bumper Rap niggas y'all days are numbered Nobody drop nothin' next summer, yeah [Amil] (Beanie Siegal) Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 roc) I know ya hate me (Cuz you know we got shit locked) Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 roc) I know ya hate me (And you know we got shit locked) [Jay-Z] Yeah R-O-C for the 2 triple O Ya heard me You are about to witness a dynasty like no other Beanie Siegal, The General Amil-lion, Diana Ross of the ROC Memph Bleek, Young god Ha, ha Jigga Man, get ya mind right niggas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Dr. Dre Album: Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter Song: Watch Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*intro sound of flame: Dr. Dre's "Chronic" trademark*} [Dre]	YEAH! [Jay]	Uh uhh uh-uhh, boom boom boom [Dre]	D-R-E! [Jay]	Say it with me niggaz, boom boom [Dre]	And Jay-Z! [Jay]	Boom boom boom boom [Dre]	What the fuck?! [Jay]	Boom boom boom boom [Dre]	Watch me! [Jay]	Jigga-Man, ya heard? Boom boom boom 	Brooklyn, ya heard? Boom boom booom [Dre]	Compton! [Jay]	Gotti Gotti ya heard? Yo.. [Dre]	C'mon! [Jay-Z] You gotta, pop that styles, rock that watch dial See that Benz? Cop that now Drop-that-top-down, they gon' kill us anyway Them cops uptown hit holmes with forty-one rounds Live yo' life, get yo' ice She been with you since day one nigga, trick on yo' wife Spend that dough, when in doubt, take that trip She ain't livin for the moment homey shake that bitch He that cool, he can't take you nowhere? Then leave that fool Be that rude if he that cool Save for what? Ball til your days is up This place is fucked, all type of AIDS and such How they make it where you afraid to fuck They gave us drugs then turned around and investigated us Life is short, then you on life support so in between it all I'ma say I seen it all, watch me Chorus: Dr. Dre Place yourself in the shoes of true felons (uh-huh) and tell me you won't ball every chance you get (uhh, watch me) At any, chance you hit (that's right) we live for the moment (yo, watch, watch) Makes sense don't it? Now make dollars (Watch me)	You see me around some cheese (Watch me)	See me with hustlers around them G's (Watch me)	Blowin 'dro runnin through pounds of weed (Watch me)	At the bar baby, round's on me (Watch me) [Jay-Z] Watch me turn somethin out of nothin, turn platinum from gold Watch me light the Cohiba off the Viking stove I take an empty bank account, fill it with oh's I take an empty building then I fill it with hoes Watch me, cop that Coupe, shine for the ladies have em sayin, "Damn I never seen a watch that blue" And while they still mesmerized I pop that cooch' Shit, law enforcement couldn't stop that dude Guess who? Fresh off of "Volume 2" Back at you, peep the numbers my album do They call me Cham-pagne-hovah, wake up with a hangover When y'all think the game's over, do the same thing over Still with the same soldiers Still gettin brain and it's plain ain't a thang gon' change over Hop out the truck, hand on my cock and nuts Who got the bank, I'm stoppin it up, watch me Chorus: Dr. Dre Place yourself in the shoes of true felons (uh-huh) and tell me you won't ball every chance you get (watch me) At any, chance you hit, we live for the moment Makes sense don't it? Now make dollars (Watch me)	You see me around some cheese (Watch me)	Hangin with hustlers around them G's (Watch me)	Blowin 'dro runnin through pounds of weed (Watch me)	At the bar bitch, round's on me (Watch me) [Jay-Z] Yo the watch too rocky, need shades Continental sittin on blades, spinnin like waves Gun too Brock-y, behave Big shot, plus I'm feelin like Rocky these days Ice don't melt I could ski through a heatwave Nights won't help you see Jay, it'll be day My shit too bright, I rip through mics plus I push more powder than Crystal Light Chick mad, said I hold my pistol too tight Get a grip bitch, this how I get through life I buy out the bar, spit Crist' through the mic See Jigga in the 6 and all the shit you like See Jigga givin dick to every bitch you like I told her, "It's Jay-Day and Hit-You-Night" You wanna, see me again you gotta get two dice I got rules I can't hit you twice, you heard me? Watch me Chorus: Dr. Dre Place yourself in the shoes of true felons (uh-huh) and tell me you won't ball every chance you get (that's right) At any, chance you hit, we live for the moment Makes sense don't it? Now make dollars (Watch me)	You see me around some cheese (Watch me)	See me with hustlers around them G's (Watch me)	Blowin 'dro runnin through pounds of weed (Watch me)	At the bar baby, round's on me (Watch me) (Watch me)	You see me around some cheese (Watch me)	Hangin with hustlers around them G's (Watch me)	Blowin 'dro runnin through pounds of weed (Watch me)	At the bar bitch, round's on me (Watch me) [Jay-Z] Uh-huh-uh uh-uhh uh-uhh.. uh Uh-huh-uh uh-uhh uh-uhh.. Uh-huh-uh, Jigga Jigga shit huh? Uh-huh, uh-huh-uh, Brooklyn-Brooklyn shit huh? (Compton) Uh-huh-uh, Gotti Gotti shit huh? (C'mon) Uh-huh, uh-huh-uh, Lil' Rob shit huh? (C'mon) Uh-huh-uh-UHH, Roc-a-Fella shit y'all (C'mon) Uh-huh, uh-huh, murder murder shit y'all (Watch me!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ U.G.K. Album: Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter Song: Big Pimpin' Typed by: FLIPMODE2003@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * * this is the album version, the VIDEO has an extra verse [Jay-Z] Uhh, uh uh uh It's big pimpin baby.. It's big pimpin, spendin G's Feel me.. uh-huh uhh, uh-huh.. Ge-ge-geyeah, geyeah Ge-ge-geyeah, geyeah.. You know I - thug em, fuck em, love em, leave em Cause I don't fuckin need em Take em out the hood, keep em lookin good But I don't fuckin feed em First time they fuss I'm breezin Talkin bout, "What's the reasons?" I'm a pimp in every sense of the word, bitch Better trust than believe em In the cut where I keep em til I need a nut, til I need to beat the guts Then it's, beep beep and I'm pickin em up Let em play with the dick in the truck Many chicks wanna put Jigga fist in cuffs Divorce him and split his bucks Just because you got good head, I'ma break bread so you can be livin it up? Shit I.. parts with nothin, y'all be frontin Me give my heart to a woman? Not for nothin, never happen I'll be forever mackin Heart cold as assassins, I got no passion I got no patience And I hate waitin.. Hoe get yo' ass in And let's RI-I-I-I-I-IDE.. check em out now RI-I-I-I-I-IDE, yeah And let's RI-I-I-I-I-IDE.. check em out now RI-I-I-I-I-IDE, yeah Chorus One: Jay-Z We doin.. big pimpin, we spendin G's Check em out now Big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s We doin.. big pimpin up in N.Y.C. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B Yo yo yo.. big pimpin, spendin G's We doin - big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s We doin.. big pimpin up in N.Y.C. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B [Bun B] Nigga it's the - big Southern rap impresario Comin straight up out the black bar-rio Makes a mill' up off a sorry hoe Then sit back and peep my sce-nawr-e-oh Oops, my bad, that's my scenario No I can't fuck a scary hoe Now every time, every place, everywhere we go Hoes start pointin - they say, "There he go!" Now these motherfuckers know we carry mo' heat than a little bit We don't pull it out over little shit And if you catch a lick when I spit, then it won't be a little hit Go read a book you illiterate son of a bitch and step up yo' vocab Don't be surprised if yo' hoe stab out with me and you see us comin down on yo' slab Livin ghetto-fabulous, so mad, you just can't take it But nigga if you hatin I then you wait while I get yo' bitch butt-naked, just break it You gotta pay like you weigh wet wit two pairs of clothes on Now get yo' ass to the back as I'm flyin to the track  Timbaland let me spit my pro's on Pump it up in the pro-zone That's the track that we breakin these hoes on Ain't the track that we flow's on But when shit get hot, then the glock start poppin like ozone We keep hoes crunk like Trigger-man Fo' real it don't get no bigger man Don't trip, let's flip, gettin throwed on the flip Gettin blowed with the motherfuckin Jigga Man, fool Chorus Two: Bun B We be.. big pimpin, spendin G's We be.. big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s We be.. big pimpin down in P.A.T. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B Cause we be.. big pimpin, spendin G's And we be.. big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s Cause we be.. big pimpin in P.A.T. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B.. nigga [Pimp C] Uhh.. smokin out, throwin up, keepin lean up in my cup All my car got leather and wood, in my hood we call it buck Everybody wanna ball, holla at broads at the mall If he up, watch him fall, nigga I can't fuck witch'all If I wasn't rappin baby, I would still be ridin Mercedes Chromin shinin sippin daily, no rest until whitey pay me Uhhh, now what y'all know bout them Texas boys Comin down in candied toys, smokin weed and talkin noise Chorus Two The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter Song: There's Been a Murder Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash *BLAM BLAM*  {*woman screaming in pain*.. cops yelling "Go! Go! Go! Go!"} *police sirens* Hook:	{sung vocals} 	Think there's been a murder-errra-ahhh-hahh-ahhh 	I ahh, think there's been a.. 	I.. I think there's been a.. 	Think there's been a murder-errra-ahhh-hahh-ahhh 	I ahh, think there's been a.. 	I.. I think there's been a.. [Jay-Z] I hustle from, night to morning, dawn to dusk Kidnap and robberies like, (c'mon nigga) "You goin with us"  I held roundtable meetings so we could go on and discuss not only money but all the emotions goin through us Why we don't cry when niggaz die, that's how the street raised him Look in the air, say a prayer (hail mary) hopin God forgave him Cop liquor, twist it, tap it twice, pour it to the pavement We live dangerous, often findin ourself in the eyes of strangers (Who the fuck is you?) My dream is big and in it my team is rich as seen through the eyes of a nigga who ain't seen shit Back to live action, I'm packin, I'm still in the mix like new hits, I think I'm goin over your head a lil' bit But I let you know I changed names when I roam through town Stay free and be who I'm professional known as now Jay-motherfuckin-Z; and with that said back to Shawn Carter the hustler, Jay-Z is dead, and uhh Hook [Jay-Z] My infatuation with autos led to autos gettin sprayed Houses gettin broken in, quarters gettin trayed Bricks gettin chopped, mom's pots gettin used One thrown in that water, try the soda if there's two (bring it back) Expensive shoes worn, Louis Vuitton seats, roof gone Coke cheap, my face is like a coupon I gotta do Shawn, cause even when Jay-Z was lukewarm I was gettin my loot on, nigga I'm too strong Eat til the food's gone, they placed me on this earth The twin brother of Rich Porter, seperated at birth I got the soul of a hustler, quiet noise like a muffler Fuck with us, walk through the ghetto, see the place that corrupted us Learn why we buck at the guys that come up with us Ain't enough bucks for us to split in this shit Plus ain't nobody lovin us; and with that said back to Shawn Carter the hustler, Jay-Z is dead, and uhh Hook [Jay-Z] See my life is like a see-saw And until I move this weight it's gon' keep me to the floor Travel with me through my deep thoughts Y'all can't learn Jigga by the shit y'all be readin in The Source; It's deeper of course Follow the life of this reckless minor At sixteen in the 600, unlicensed driver Playin, cops and robbers, like shots can't stop us Flippin a bird to the choppers (fuck you coppers) Buck-thirty on the turns Reckless abandon, when I'm standin on this pedal Hand on my metal, minus all this time they tryin to give me Lord help me, all I ever wanted to be was wealthy or somebody to tell me that they felt me I tried to play the hand you dealt me but you gave me five funnies an' shit I was hungry I need menage money Nothin less than a 520; and with that said back to Shawn Carter the hustler, Jay-Z is *BLAM* {Think there's been a murder-errra-ahhh-hahh-ahhh} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter Song: Come and Get Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] I remove your roof nigga let the sun shine in Thirty-eight waist, enough to put one nine in Really a thirty-six without the gun I'm thin but when the gat is tucked, I'm fat as fuck Ignorant bastard, I'm takin it back to day one No kids, but trust me I know how to raise a gun For niggaz that think I spend my days in the sun well here's the shock of your life, the glock not the mic Homey I'm not into hype; trust me, I'm still street You still fuckin up then trust me I still creep Yeah I know the platinum chain be lookin real sweet but reach and I bury niggaz sixty feet deep S dot Carter turn rappers into martyrs Seperate fathers from they daughters, why bother I'm a crook like you, I took like you I disobeyed the law threw out the book like you How dare you look at Jigga like I'm shook like boo I keep the fifth with me nigga, come and get me.. COME AND GET ME! {*gong sounds*} Ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-come.. {*bell rings*} COME AND GET ME! Ka-ka-ka-COME AND GET ME! .. {*bell rings*} COME AND GET ME! Ka-ka-ka.. {*bell rings*} .. Ka-ka-ka-ka-come {*bell rings*} .. come and get me COME AND GET ME [Jay-Z] Don't know what y'all niggaz is tryin to do but I don't like it Yeah, straight gangster shit Heyyyy, uh-huh-uh-uhh gangster shit Uhh, straight gangster nigga Roc.. Yo, your summer's bout to get hot Niggaz home from jail and they plottin Heard about the watch, the Bentley hard-top The Continental T, got em resentin me God I work hard, please don't envy me I paid the cost to be the boss to floss this hard I can recall a year ago I almost lost this job All y'all remember is the part about me parkin the hog What about all them days I was walkin my dogs? Barkin at broads, but they never hollered back And if they did all they said was, "Where dem dollaz at?" Imagine, bein skinny growin up around broader cats The quiet assassin demeanor of them college cats until I got a gat and loudly start poppin back Round the way, niggaz called me Bobby Bouchete Now all I hear is whispers of what you gon' do to Jay How y'all gon' stick me up, take my jewels away Pull out your gat, car jack me take my cruise away Well I got news for y'all fools today, hey.. Chorus: Jay-Z I got, shots to give come and get me nigga Y'all wanna rob the kid? Come and get me nigga I won't, part with this come and get me nigga I worked, hard for this come and get me nigga I got, shots to give, COME AND GET ME.. COME AND GET ME.. [Jay-Z] I made it so, you could say Marcy and it was all good I ain't crossover I brought the suburbs to the hood Made em relate to your struggle, told em bout your hustle Went on MTV with do-rags, I made them love you You know normally them people wouldn't be fuckin witchu Til I made em understand why you do what you do I expected to hear, "Jay, if it wasn't for you.." But instead, all I hear is buzzin in your crew How y'all scheamin, tryin to get accustomed to my moves So y'all could tape my mouth, stake out my house But I got pride I'm a nigga first I gotta cock back and pull the trigger first That's how Jigga work The funny thing; I represent y'all everytime I spit a verse and that's the shit that hurts But hey, I got my mind right, got my nine right here So when y'all feel that the time is right.. Chorus [Jay-Z] Aiy yo yo, aiy yo yo It's only fair that I warn ya, rap's my new hustle I'm treatin it like the corner, fuck with me if you wanna My game change but my mindframe remains the same I gotta protect what's mine Shit I started from nothin; zero, zip I made my way hustlin, I don't owe niggaz shit I'm paranoid now, so I keep the gun gripped Cats I played skelly with? Niggaz done flipped I keep a banger in the ankle, one in the hip Two in the stash, one come up when I shift I keep one under the chair where I sit I even got a gun in the hair in the bun of my bitch Ask Big; everytime he'd come to my crib he'd find another gun that I hid I'm ready to make this one of the, hottest summer there is Everyday like a hundred-and-six.. shit.. Chorus 2X [Jay-Z] Motherfuckers! Artist: Jay-Z Album: Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter Song: NYMP Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Geyeah, NYMP the realest, uhh This is educated thug MU-SIC, niggaz Life's a battle, mean streets eat you alive Blocks'll have you, tryin to maintain your course through the potholes and gravel Hot holes and what-have-you, tryin to clock dough Foes tryin to pop shots through you by code Pigs tryin to grab you and lock up your soul Through the Hot Apple, nighttime shots crackle (bucka bucka bucka) Fiends tryin to gaffle you Not only cokeheads but the Feds in the Mercuray Topaz after you, up the avenue Tryin to give you big numbers, you got math to do Tryin to make you miss summer, shit, that ain't cool I caught smaller cases tryin to get cap or two Up against the wall, tryin to pass through Ghost-like, hear the cries from the tortured souls Most nights, I hold my toast tight, and it goes like Chorus: Jay-Z N.Y.M.P., the realest niggaz N.Y.M.P., the realest niggaz Uhh, uh-huh-uh-UHH, N.Y.M.P. the realest Marcy.. Brooklyn.. [Jay-Z] Yo; I come through, gettin money, sittin on twenties Niggaz throwin me shade, but ain't shit sunny Hot shells only thing niggaz could get from me Cocktails thrown in your living room, KA-BOOM I'm so confrontational; they shoulda never let me go on probation yo I'm a hustler; except that.. no correctional facilities can correct that I took a step back, I viewed myself, seen where my head was at It's where that dough is homey, gotta get that Gotta get away, some try but head back Uhh, street smart niggaz got left back Some died, they left stacks Me, I ball right, and on top of that I'm dog nice Jigga been cold as fuck before ice Not before Christ, but a long fuckin time Get your mind right niggaz Chorus: Jay-Z N.Y.M.P., the realest Uh-huh-uh-UHH, N.Y.M.P., the realest niggaz Uhh uh-huh, uh-UHH, N.Y.M.P. the realest niggaz Marcy.. feel me.. [Jay-Z] I looked Death in the face years back I held tears back, I gathered myself and stared back I'm from where you don't crack, the weak don't live You gotta bounce back homey, the streets don't give I take and rape villages, who gon' stop him? Not Rudy Guiliani, not Hillary Rodham Still I still pop him Shit I grassy knoll and hilltop him, it's all political now I think big when I spit at you now Between my dog and the figures, the four gonna get'cha Between life and death, they killed my spirit So what little life I got left, y'all can expect me to ball I empowered myself, teacher said I was a lost cause cause I used to roam them halls Still I spit knowledge, dropped out of high school, skipped college Who woulda thought I'd make it "Big" like Ms. Wallace? Chorus: Jay-Z Uhh, yeah, N.Y.M.P., the realest niggaz Brooklyn, what? N.Y.M.P., the realest niggaz Uhh, uh-huh-uh-UHH, N.Y.M.P. the realest niggaz Marcy.. Brooklyn, N.Y.M.P. the realest, feel me [Jay-Z] Educated, thug mu-sic niggaz This is Brooklyn, this is gangsta, this is project Real shit, N.Y.M.P. the realest niggaz Marcy, Brooklyn, stompin grounds Fuck with me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter Song: Hova Song (Outro) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Who ever thought young Shawn Carter would change the game? Used to rap to the raindrops off my window pane Duckin the plain cops, pushin indo and 'caine At the kitchen table late night, no pen, just my brain First album niggaz love me cause they thought I was poor Guess I'm successful; industry don't love me no more Well I'm the same nigga from your corner, bubblin raw Skully tilted, pants saggin, damn near touchin the floor And I come with do-rags to your so-called awards T-shirt with my chain out like fuck y'all all Retrospect ain't been the same since I lost my dad He's still alive, but still fuck you, don't cross my path A&R's had me feelin like moss in the drab So I turned the league out with "Reasonable Doubt" Get your CD's out, let's go, song for song I'm the illest nigga doin it til y'all prove me wrong Do you believe? It's Hova the God, uhh, uhh, uhh.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z  Album: Ruff Ryders * Ryde or Die Volume One Song: Jigga My Nigga Typed by: i3omb1st@AOL.COM, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Roc-A-Fella, Ruff Ryders, Swizz Beats It's almost over y'all Jigga, how real is that? Uhh, uhh, uhh, lights out niggaz! Chorus: Jay-Z (and Amil) (Jigga) 	What's my motherfuckin name? (Jigga) 	And who I'm rollin with huh? (My niggaz) 	Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh Niggaz better get it right, bitches better get it right, WHO?  (Jigga) 	What's my motherfuckin name? (Jigga) 	And who I'm rollin with huh? (My niggaz) 	Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh Niggaz better get it right, bitches better get it right [Jay-Z] Yeah.. yeah.. From the crap tables down in A.C. back on the block Jay-Z motherfucker from the, the, the Roc Went solo on that ass but it's still the same Brooklyn be the place where I serve them thangs B. my niggaz was strugglin, to the 'burbs they came And then we got to hustlin, murderin thangs I dipped in my stash, splurged on a chain Now I'm Titanic, Iceberg's the name Leave players on injured reserve, hurt the game The best way to describe me in a word, insane I dick down chicks all emerged in my fame Jigga been dope since Slick Rick's first chain The God, send you back to the earth from which you came I'm baking soda, waterfire, merged with 'cane Ladies don't know me said, "I heard he's vain" Well guess what mami? I heard the same You heard the name Chorus [Jay-Z] Yeah, uhh, I got a license to kill so I stare at the gat Roc-A-Fella, Ruff Ryders, niggaz scared of that Got a new motto this year, "Don't Fuck With My Ones" Knock on your door, three in the mornin,  "It's just us and the guns!" See I scrambled with priests, hustle with nuns I got the, mind capacity of a young Butch Cassidy Niggaz get fly, let em defy gravity Fo'-five rapidly lift your chest cavity Streets won't let me chill Always been a clumsy nigga, don't let me spill Muh'fuckers wanna wet me still, I remain y'all more than one, like five divided by four Shit, this just the hate that's been provided by y'all Reciprocated and multiplied by more You likely to see Jigga in a widebody or drop-top Bentley Azure, holla at me y'all Uh Chorus [Jay-Z] I don't give a fuck  if I sold one or one million, but I think you should Cause if I only sold one, then out comes the hood All black in the club, the outcome ain't good Them niggaz act like wolves, how come? They could Cause we don't drop hits, we drop bombs that smash Til the wrists is lit up, the arm looks like glass The necklace chipped up, the charm it flash Could fuck up your eyes like the bombest hash See the reason why chicks let me palm they ass All I gotta do is let em call me Shawn they glad Let me sit up in they whip til I launch it back Snap they neck, then shoot em til they arch them back The calmest cat, trust me when I palm this gat Kill your mind, body and soul, push your conscience back Monster's back, and Flex drop a bomb to that And e'rybody sing-a-long to the track, c'mon Uh-huh uhh uhh Chorus: Jay-Z (and Amil) (Jigga) 	What's my motherfuckin name? (Jigga) 	And who I'm rollin with huh? (My niggaz) 	Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh Niggaz better get it right, bitches better get it right, WHO?  (Jigga) 	What's my motherfuckin name? (Jigga) 	And who I'm rollin with huh? (My niggaz) 	Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh Niggaz better get it right, bitches better get it right, WHO? (Jigga) 	What's my motherfuckin name? (Jigga) 	And who I'm rollin with huh? (My niggaz) 	Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh Niggaz better get it right, bitches better get it right, WHO?  (Jigga) 	What's my motherfuckin name? (Jigga) 	And who I'm rollin with huh? (My niggaz) 	Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh Niggaz better get it right, bitches better get it right.. (Jigga) ... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter/Blue Streak Soundtrack Song: Girl's Best Friend Typed by: jan@88hiphop.com Jigga man, Swizz Beats History in the making, part three Lights out ladies! Chorus: (2x) C'mon here baby, you drive me crazy (to all my baby thugs) Don't want nobody but you my baby (and all my ladies sing) Hold me tight and call me your lady (say it louder) Let me scream your name [Jay-Z] I took ya outta Jacob's in clusters Busters they wanted to rush us Love the way you sparkle when the sun touch ya When you blush you turn blue if your grade is right You can light up the whole room, turning day from night When the summertime is in and the tops are down With you around my neck we lock the whole block down (that's right) It took shortsleeves and loungin' to understand The reason they call you ice, everybody freeze Ain't a pendant in the sun who can shine like you And that platinum in the charm who can blind like you The direct reason why niggas do they crimes they do I used to snatch the necklace right off them reckless fools Guess I was jealous that they was so next to you So I devoted half my time to invest in you The other half was spent on protecting you Cause you belong to me, now sing ya song for me C'mon Chorus 2x [Jay-Z] I'm often with you so they wonder bout the juice I got I took you from the projects and an abusive pops From the bottom to the top The skateboard to the drop From the nada to the Prada I got ya like I got ya From the first time I put you round my neck and locked ya It was then I knew everywhere I went you'd follow Soon I spent every dolla you became my habit other brothers vice was smoke, mines was carats The more checks I got the more I laced my crew The rocks got bigger, watch face got blue Tricked a little bit, shit I lace my Boo Fuck it, my mistress I laced her too Cop my jewels twice, like deja vu If they ever met in the mall, it's ova ya'll Just the way I do, and either way you win I mean the thugs love ya when your girl's best friend Chorus 2x [Jay-Z] And the wedding band you love In the gold chain you thug Sometimes you given just because And the tennis bracelet means they want relations Know that they wanna fuck the only reason they give you up In the hands of goldiggas you never enough Rings, things, just never enough With me and you together gon shine to the end I mean the thugs love ya but ya girls best friend Chorus til end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z * Album: The Truth * Song: Anything Typed by: swizzRULER@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com * this track is #14 on Beanie Sigel's "The Truth" released 2/29/00 [Jay-Z] Uh huh yea, yeah Duro! You gotta let it bump Uh, uh, uh like dat yeah Come on bring the chorus in 1 - 	I'd risk everything 	For one kiss, everything 	Yes I'd do anything (Anything?) 	Anything for you Id do a bid, loose a rib, bust a cap, trustin' that Run up to heaven doors, exchange my life for yours Leave a steak out the door, mi casa, su casa Just remember to turn the lights off in the hall My brother from anotha pop, minus one shot We Neno and G-Money man, we all we got From the stoop to the big dudes, stoppin' us from playin' hoops And us gettin mad, throwin' rocks off the roof Straight thuggin' man, I thought we would never progress But look at us now man, we're young execs My nigga Dame, my nigga Biggs, my nigga Tah My nigga Ja, my nigga Gotti We embody all thats right with the world No matter how pretty she is, you never likin' my girl That's how we run, when you aint around I'll spank ya son, keep him in line If you should die, Ill keep him like mine God forbid, keep this in mind, my nigga Repeat 1 Repeat 1 I know mama, your little baby But these streets raised me crazy Product of my environment, nothing can save me Thanks for letting me bloom for your wisdom for your womb For the roof over my head, for my shoes, for my bed For the most important lesson in life was when you said "Strive for what you believe in, set goals and you can achieve them" Thanks for the days you kept me breathing when my asthma was bad And my chest was weezin', thanks for the look of love Just as I was leavin' On nights you thought that I wouldn't come back That left you grieving' Thanks for holdin' down the household when times was bad As the man, I apologize for my dad When the rent was due, you would hustle like a pimp would do That wasnt the life meant for you Youre a queen, you deserve the cream Everything that gleamed, everything that shines Everything thats mine Repeat 1 Repeat 1 Check it out, uh, uh Dear nephews, Im writing' this with no pen or a pad And Im signing it, ya uncle, ya best friend, and ya dad Don't look back if you fall and youre feeling bad Im right there from your cut to when you peelin' the scab If it comes a time when you aint feelin' your real dad Put my face on his body dont wait for nobody Dont follow no nigga, that's hoe shit man Stand on your own two, do your shit man The world is yours Some girls are nice some girls are whores Don't listen to your crew Do what works for you Standin' back from situations gives you the perfect view You see the snakes in the grass and you wait on their ass Bite your tongue for no one and whatever is said Take it how they want, a closed mouth don't get fed, You know my number when its code red if you're wrong my nigga Youre my nephew, fuck it we get it on my lil nigga Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Vol. 3...Life and Times of S. Carter (Import) Song: Do You Believe (Hova Interlude) Typed by: InfamousMobb18@aol.com Well, I'm the ghetto's answer to Trump I'm cancer to the Hamptons 20 million a wop, brand sac and mansions Increase the noise pollution, as soon as I land in Don't even trust uppity white folks Keep the cannon tuck Niggas trying to lean on Jay, shots gonna stand you up Glocks gonna pop, ya not understandin much I hustle for the thuggest Well, now I hustle for the rust, like fuck it baby  I just love it Chicks now say they like the way I thug it Since my album dropped,my stock grows like I went public Ladies I love ya But I love my freedom more I love my niggas, love to see them ball I love Bean's and Bleek Them niggas like my Peter and Paul My disciples, and that's right we coming for the title..... Do you believe, it's Hova the God The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott, Twista Album: Vol. 3... The Life and Times of S. Carter (Import) Song: Is That Yo Bitch? Typed by: ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com * * send corrections directy to the typist [Jay-Z] Uh, yo don't get mad at me I don't love 'em I fuck 'em I don't chase 'em I duck 'em I replace 'em with another one You had to see she keep calling me BIG And my name is Jay-Z She be all on my dick Gradually I'm taking over your bitch Coming over your shit Got my feet up on you sofa, man I mean a hostess for my open hand You coming home to beer shifts and there be soda cans I got your bitch in my Rover man I never kiss her, I never hold her hand In fact I diss her I'm a bolder man I'mma pimp her, it's over man It's over man, it's over man [Missy] Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thighs Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she paging him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Jay and them, bitch [Jay-Z] Yo, yo.. why you home alone, why she out with me? Room 112, hotel balcony How she say Jay you can call the house for me? There's no respect at all You betta check her dawg She keep beggin' me to hit it raw So she can have my kids and say it was yours How foul is she? And you wifed her Shit, I put the rubber on tighter Sent her home, when she entered home You hugged her up What the fuck is up? She got you whipped, got your kids Got your home, but that's not your bitch You share that girl, don't let 'em hear daddy Earl It'll make 'em sick that his favorite chick Ain't saving it, unfaithful bitch [Missy] Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thighs Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she paging him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Jay and them bitch [Jay-Z] Cool out homie You betta keep her away from my balling clique Keep her out of nightclubs all in the mix From hanging out with chicks who be swallowing dicks From catz who order Cris play the floor with the Knicks It can only lead to something unfortunate Hot boy like Jigga man scorch your bitch Play the floor dot Jigga man go first Then we all rock till we all hot You know the boy from the Roc got them whores on lock Got the bitches in the smash Making yours drive fast Do we get more cash than the average nigga? All dem hoes like damn I gotta have this nigga Cause I'mma hot black, how in the hell can you stop that You can fuck mine How the hell can you knock that? I'm just playing the cards choosenly Jigga man who ya supposed to be? [Missy] Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thighs Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she paging him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Jay and them bitch [Twista] Tha Jigga and Twista got 'em screaming Like a demon fiending for the semen Chrome gleaming like the dome off Keenan Gone while I'm leanin' smoking I'm whip it in the stomach Your bitch on the passenger side of me flashing your money Why you acting so funny? You know she been flirting while your working Behind the curtain knuckles jerking for certain Poppin' that pussy Sweatin' till no fluid is left When I come in the party with J we gonna do it to death You gon' ruin your rep Trippin' while we pimpin' these hefers Playa lectures got me shining like a new Gator stepper Must have been mad When your ho put my stuff in the dash Bust in her ass To climax I come up with a nab The game don't stop Legit ballers bending up the block Niggas rushing, coming at us cause of status and props Sucking and fucking, loving it when I put tha dick up inside her Can't help it if she yellin' with a ridah [Missy] Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thigh Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she paging him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Jay and them, bitch Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thigh Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she paging him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Jay and them, bitch Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thigh Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she paging him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Jay and them Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thigh Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she paging him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Jay and them, bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Dynasty Roc La Familia Song: Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * words echo during pauses (... are long pauses .. are short pauses) [Jay-Z] It's the Dynasty niggaz... as promised... The world's most infamous... Roc-A-Fella Records... This is Roc La Familia... It's Young Hova... Beanie Sigel... Memphis Bleek... Amil-lion... It's the Dynasty niggaz... 2000 to infinity... This is ghetto to ghetto.. gutter to gutter.. Street corner to street corner.. project to project.. Worldwide... walk with us niggaz... Hoffa... Dash... it's the Dynasty niggaz Check it out... Uhh... walk with me... talk to me... yo.. The theme song to +The Sopranos+ plays in the key of life on my, mental piano Got a strange way of seein life like I'm Stevie Wonder with, beads under the doo-rag Intuition is there even when my vision's impaired, yeah Knowin I can go, just switchin a spare On the highway of life, nigga it's sharp in my sight Oh! Keen senses ever since I was a, teen on the benches everytime somebody like Enus was mentioned I would turn green, me, bein in the trenches Him, livin adventureous not worryin about expenditures I'm bravin temperatures below zero, no hero No father figure, you gotta pardon a nigga But I'm starvin my niggaz, and the weight loss in my figure is startin to darken my heart, bout to get to my liver Watch it my niggaz, I'm tryin to be calm but I'm gon' get richer through any means, with that thing that Malcolm palmed in the picture Never read the Qu'ran or Islamic scriptures Only psalms I read was on the arms of my niggaz Tattooed so I carry on like I'm non-religious Clap whoever stand between Shawn and figures Niggaz, say it's the dawn/Don but I'm superstitious Shit is as dark as it's been, nothin is goin as you predicted I move with biscuits, stop the harder niggaz actin too suspicious This is, food for thought, you do the dishes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Beanie Sigel, Memphis Bleek Album: The Dynasty Roc La Familia Song: Change the Game Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Uhh, uhh, uhh, let's go Uhh, bounce, uhh, bounce Uhh, bounce, uhh.. Shit relax your mind, let your conscience be free You're now rollin with them thugs from the R-O-C Sigel Sigel in the house [Beanie Sigel] Uh-huh, sick bastard Get your wig pushed back by the wig push-backer [Jay-Z] Uhh, uhh, Memph Bleek in the house [Memphis Bleek] Still here, never left Still bust, more or less, still puff - beeatch! [Jay-Z] Uh, uhh, uh-huh-uh-UHH, uhh Young Hova in the house.. Jigga! Yeah Crist' sipper, six dipper, wrist glitter nigga! .. hold up love Everytime you see Jigga Man I'm rollin on dubs Don't forget about them blades shit choppin it up It's the motherfuckin Roc bitch, who hotter than us? Jay-Hov, bout to change my name to Jay Peso But in the meantime, call me William H. though On the platinum Yamaha, got the engine gunnin Throwin it up like liquor on an empty stomach {*cycle whizzes by*} Y'all don't hear nuttin? Who that, Mac? [Beanie Sigel] Nah dawg, that's M. Bleek comin [Memphis Bleek] Who the FLUCK, want, what? Catch Bleek in South Beach out of the reach of the police Gat on my lap (yeah) bitch on my back (holla) Yak in my pocket, smokin the sticky chocolate (OO-WEE!) Holla if you want drama with [Jay-Z] The Dynasty; Amil, Bleek, Jigga and.. [Beanie Sigel] Sigel - Desert Eagle dawg, who else but me? Roc ears, Roc-Wears, bandannas and white tees Me without a gun dawg, unlikely You know I keep the heat right under the wifebeat' Three-X-T, I'm Lincoln now, you can't see the pound Got a little gut so gat sit tucked (fuck) I run wild, gun high, L.A. style Bang the roscoe to the sunrise, plus I stay dumb high Whether block shit or rock shit Club shit or drug shit, I pop shit I got shit Get Sig' any track I'ma spit the talk to it Down South gon' bounce Crips gon' walk to it Get a ounce, get a woods, everybody spark to it Every dawg, every Blood in the hood, bark to it Get the ounce, get the woods, everybody spark to it We can smoke in here, put the choke in the air [singer] Don't change the game for these hoes who plays the game like we supposed [Jay-Z] Sigel Sigel in the house [Beanie Sigel] Uh-huh, sick bastard Get your wig pushed back by the wig push-backer [singer] Don't change the game for these hoes who plays the game like we supposed [Jay-Z] Memph Bleek in the house [Memphis Bleek] Still here, never left Still bust, more or less, still puff - beeatch! [singer] Don't change the game for these hoes who plays the game like we supposed [Jay-Z] Young Hova in the house.. Jigga! Crist' sipper, six dipper, wrist glitter nigga! I wear more bling to The Source and Soul Train's More chains than rings, niggaz won't do a thing I bangs the four-four in plain, daylight I'm deranged Spray right at your brain; by the way this is Hov' One shot Dillinger, one shot killin ya It's only one Roc La Familia Sigel lock Philly up, Brooklyn is me Matter of fact, the East coast fuck took it from me Fourth album still Jay still spittin that real shit Volume 3 still sold more records than Will Smith Can't call this a comeback, I run rap, the fuck is y'all sayin? Five million I done that, and I come back, to do it again (uh-huh) Ex-sinner, Grammy award winner Ballin repeatedly, highlights on Sportscenter Please repeat after me - there's only one rule I WILL NOT, LOSE! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ J.U.I.C.E., Pharrell Williams Album: The Dynasty Roc La Familia Song: I Just Wanna Love U (Give it 2 Me) Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Intro: Jay-Z] Let's go Hov! Uh huh, Hov' You, are, not, ready Hov', unstoppable, Dynasty, young Hova [Break: Pharrell Williams (J.U.I.C.E.)] I'm a hustler baby, I'm a hustler I just want you to know, wanna let you know It aint where I been, it aint where I been But where I'm bout to go, top of the world! Now I just wanna love you, just wanna love you But be who I am, you know you love me And with all this cash, mo' money, mo' problems You'll forget your man Now give it to me (Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff But don't bullshit me C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff) [Jay-Z] When the Remi's in the system, ain't no tellin Will I fuck 'em will I diss 'em, that's what they be yellin I'm a pimp by blood, not relation Y'all be chasin, I replace them, huh? Drunk off Crist', mami on E Can't keep her little model hands off me Both in the club, high, singing off key "And I wish I never met her at all..." It gets better, ordered another round It's, about, to go, down Got six model chicks, six bottles of Crist' Four Belvederes, got weed everywhere What do you say, me, you, and your Chloe glasses Go somewhere private where we can discuss fashion Like, Prada blouse, Gucci bra Filth Mart jeans, take that off [Break: Pharrell Williams (J.U.I.C.E.)] Give it to me (Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff But don't bullshit me C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff) I said give it to me (Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff But don't bullshit me Mama, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff) [Jay-Z] Yeah, save the narrative, you savin it for marriage Let's keep it real ma, you savin it for karats You wanna see how far I'ma go How, much I'ma spend but you already know Zip, zero, stingy with dinero Might buy you Crist', but that about it Might light your wrist, but that about it Fuck it, I might wife you and buy you nice whips Ma, but you really gotta ride nice dick Know how to work your hips and your head's priceless Profess you love the Hov', and I'll never let you down Get you bling like the Neptune sound Okay, hot Hov', too hot to hold Ladies love me long time like 2Pac's soul Only way to roll, Jigga and two ladies I'm too cold, Motorola, two way page me, c'mon [Break: Pharrell Williams (J.U.I.C.E.)] Give it to me (Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff But don't bullshit me C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff) I said give it to me (Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff But don't bullshit me Mama, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff) I'm a hustler baby, uh, Hov' I just want you to know, Hov' It aint where I been But where I'm bout to go, Hov', Hov' Now I just wanna love you, young Hova But be who I am, know you love me And with all this cash, mo' money, mo' problems You'll forget your man [Jay-Z] Yeah, yeah, yeah Same song, I'm back, been around the world Ro-mancing girls that dance with girls From, Club Cheetah, to Club Amnesia The Peanuts in L.A., Bubblin' in Dublin Can't deny me, why would you want to You need me, why don't you try me Baby you want to, believe me, Hov'! [Break: Pharrell Williams (J.U.I.C.E.)] Give it to me (Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff But don't bullshit me C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff) I said give it to me (Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff But don't bullshit me Mama, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff) You gotta... Give it to me Uh, uh huh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Beanie Sigel Album: The Dynasty Roc La Familia Song: Streets is Talking Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Is he a Blood, is he Crip? Is he that, is he this? Did he do it? Y'know, ehh Look.. If I shoot you, I'm brainless Different toilet, same shit, and I'm sick of explainin this I'm waitin on arraignment, my nigga is the plantiff Yeah, I know what you thinkin - fucked up ain't it? I shoulda known better, and I planned to but dog they be takin me out of my zone like a nigga with a handle I sat back and watched it, put the gats back in the closet I tried to tie my hands like an Iraqi hostage Let niggaz take shots at me, no response I just - flip and, pop my collar like the Fonz You give a nigga a foot he'll take you one step beyond He'll try to play you twice, the third time is the charm You wanna conversate with the writer of the Qu'ran or Old Testament, don't test him then I know what y'all thinkin dick, pause Your future's my past, I've been here before I know when you're schemin, I feel when you plottin I got, mental vision, intuition I know where you goin I read your mind's navigational system Everybody whisperin - pst pst pst ss perspirin When the, streets is talkin, niggaz is gossipin Bitches all in your shit, what's the cause of it? I need to know.. geah geah Yeah yeah yeah, yeah.. [Jay-Z] You see me with a bodyguard that means police is watchin And I only use his waist to keep my glock in But when shit goes down you know who's doin the poppin And if you don't know, guess who's doin the droppin S dot again, y'all got him in a bad mood Bad move; that's bad news How many times have I got to prove? How many loved ones have you got to lose before you realize that it's probably true? Whatever Jigga say, Jigga probably do Shit I paid my dues, I made the news I came in the door for dolo, blazed the crews And the streets say Jigga can't go back home You know when I heard that? When I was back home I'm comfortable dog, Brooklyn to Rome On any Martin Luther, don't part with your future Don't ever question if I got the heart to shoot ya The answer is simply too dark for the user And as a snot-nose they said that he got flows But will he be able to drop those before the cops close in? 'Fore the shots froze him, and he's dead and gone from what the block has spoken, my God Everybody stressin, who's his baby's moms? Who he got pregnant, let me tell you, ahh... When the, streets is talkin, niggaz is gossipin Bitches all in your shit, what's the cause of it? I need to know.. chicka-uh-ah, ah-chk-ah-uh-ah Chicka-ch-ah, chk-ah-ah-ah When the, streets is talkin, niggaz is gossipin Bitches all in your shit, what's the cause of it? I need to know.. gi-gi-gi, geah yeah uh, yeah yeah uh Yeah, yo, yo [Jay-Z] I seen my first murder in the hall, if you must know I lost my pops when I was eleven mmm twelve years old He's probably somewhere where the liquor is takin it's toll but I ain't mad at you dad, holla at your lad I grew up pushin snowflake to niggaz that was pro-base The stress'll take a young nigga, give him a old face All I did was smoke joke, think and drink Copped 'caine and complained, front row watch game I seen niggaz before me, with a chance to write they own script slip up and change the story I seen young niggaz go out in a blaze of glory before reachin puberty, scared a nigga truthfully I took trips with so much shit in the whip that if the cops pulled us over the dog'd get sick, SNIFF Smell me nigga? The real me nigga, minus the rumors Holla if you feel me nigga [Beanie Sigel] The streets is not only watchin but they talkin now? Shit they got me circlin the block before I'm parkin now Don't get it twisted, I ain't bitchin, I'm just cautious now Sub, under the parka, extra cartridge now Hit his click Sig' up you fell at it you're dense I get word to the street like Bell Atlantic express I feel the vibes and I hear the rumors But fuck it, I'm still alive and I'm still in Ju'maa I know 'stafALLAH Niggaz wanna press me, put my back to the wall But pressure bust pipes I know, I spat it to y'all To know me is to love me, you see me, can't be me, hate this Fuck you I got guns like Neo in +Matrix+ Cross the Family, think Mac's sweet like Cairo or soft like Play-Doh get knocked off like Fredo - Corleone They find you with a hole in your dome I roll with niggaz that'll follow you and go to your home Thought you ball, but nigga you fall to my defense Catch you while you reachin, clip you then I cross you then I'm leavin Apply full court pressure like four-four ?? get you out of here, pull pressure to the trigger, bullets fly in three's You forever rest under bullshit, dirt lies and leaves I do bullshit, dirt, tell lies then leave Look in my eyes, realize it's Beans Niggaz wanna despise the team; till I play head coach and straight up, divide they team Trade they man for some pies and a couple of things Til the bullet.. ah, motherfuckers!! Yeah.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Beanie Sigel, Scarface Album: The Dynasty Roc La Familia Song: This Can't Be Life Typed by: HavanaJoe929@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Geah.. whassup? Where's all my street niggaz, project niggaz Real niggaz, worldwide Let's reflect.. e'rybody got a story We all ghetto B - here's mine  Geah See I was -- born in sewage, born to make bomb music Flow tight like I was born Jewish Used the streets as a conduit - I kept arms  38 longs inside my mom's Buick At any given moment Shawn could lose it, be on the news Iron cuffs - arms through it; or stuffed with embalmin fluid Shit, I'm goin through it - mom dukes too Tears streamin down her pretty face, she got her palms to it My life is gettin too wild I need to bring some sort kinda calm to it Bout to lose it; voices screamin "Don't do it!" It's like '93, '94, bout the year  that Big and Mag dropped; and "Illmatic" rocked  outta every rag drop, and the West had it locked Everybody doin 'em, I'm still scratchin on the block like "Damn; I'ma be a failure" Surrounded by thugs, drugs, and drug - paraphenalia Cops courts, and their thoughts is to derail us Three time felons in shorts with jealous thoughts Tryin figure where your mail is, guesstimate the weight you sellin So they can send shots straight to your melon; wait! It gets worse, baby momma water burst Baby came out stillborn, still I gotta move on Though my heart still torn, life gone from her womb Don't worry, if it was meant to be, it'll be -- soon [Chorus: Jay-Z] This can't be life, this can't be love This can't be right, there's gotta be more, this can't be us This can't be life, this can't be love This can't be right, there's gotta be more, this can't be us [Beanie Sigel] Chill dog Second oldest born, from Michelle Brown my mother Hell bound, grew with two sisters and one brother Pop wasn't around, so many stories that's another I'm thinkin damn; how my older sister gon' make me tougher When steel sharpens steel, I'ma keep it real I'm tired of tryin to hide my pain behind the syrups and pills Dead to the world, stretched out like a corpse for real Y'all niggaz thinkin what y'all readin in The Source is real What my life like, you lookin at the source, it's real What your life like? Mine dog, of course it's real Passin judgment, you niggaz second-guessin Beans Cause you don't eat swine don't make you Amin Dog you know a couple suras, out the Qur'an I guess you all on your din and I ain't on mine Stop that Akki, 'fore I send shots though your body Make 'em feel feel hell on earth before Allah drop thee I feel the line's drawn here, nuttin more can stop me Till them feds pick me up, or them boys pop me There's only three things that make Mac not act like Beans Amatullah Tisha, Po Aldin, Samir Amin My seeds dog, gotta teach 'em that before I leave dog Shit I know that I'ma see 'em when I leave dog I come back in the afterlife Like fuck it I done touched hell twice; what's the meanin? [Scarface] Yeah.. uhh.. Now as I walk into the studio, to do this with Jig' I got a phone call from one of my nigs Said my homeboy Reek, he just lost one of his kids And when I heard that I just broke into tears And see in the second hand; you don't really know how this is But when it hits that close to home you feel the pain at the crib So I called mine, and saddened my wife with the bad news Now we both depressed, countin our blessings cause Brad's two Prayin for young souls to laugh atlife through the stars Lovin your kids just like you was ours And I'm hurtin for you dog; but ain't nobody pain is like yours I just know that heaven'll open these doors And ain't no bright side to losin lifel; but you can view it like this  God's got open hands homey, he in the midst.. of good company Who loves all and hates not one And one day you gon' be wit your son I could've rapped about my hard times on this song But heaven knows I woulda been wrong I wouldn'ta been right, it wouldn'ta been love  It wouldn'ta been life, it wouldn'ta been us This can't be life [Jay-Z] This can't be life.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Memphis Bleek, Snoop Dogg Album: The Dynasty Roc La Familia Song: Get Your Mind Right Mami Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Sup ma? You want to roll with us, y'knowhatI'msayin? It's good, it's love, it's all love We got cases of Belvedere, we gon' play truth or dare We gon' really get to know one another All you gotta do is put your hair down, get your mind right Knahmean? I'm here for you, yo Relax yourself, let your conscience be free You now rollin with them thugs from the R-O-C Ain't no place on the planet that you'd rather be but in the blue flame, bitch you're new to the game Cross over to the Roc, make yourself hot The topic of discussion in every nail shop It's a secret society, all we ask is trust and within a week, watch your arm freeze up Brassiere get right, A to a D cup Weave get tight, pedicure your feet up Ears get iced, gear get spiced From hoodrat to superstar, there's your life Fuck with Hova, he can take you out of your hell Say bye to Reebok, say hi to Chanel Say hi to Gucci, Prada as well Take a look in the mirror, be proud of yourself [Chorus w/ singer] [J] Get your mind right mami, get your mind right You gotta play your part when you're rollin with the R-O-C [J] Get your mind right mami, get your mind right You gotta know what it takes to be down with a nigga like me [J] Get your mind right mami, get your mind right I need a gangsta girl, who can ride in my passenger seat [J] Get your mind right mami, get your mind right And I need gangsta girls, for my gangsta family [Memphis Bleek] Yo, I'm young Memphis, used to play the apprentice Now I'm like the teacher, c'mere, let me teach ya how to play them benches, hold this work in your dentures How to play it cool when police come to pinch us Relax mami, let the Belvy flow Inhale the 'dro, exhale it slow I could teach you how to roll, teach you bout fly kicks Teach you how to keep your nose up out of my shit When the beeper goes off, please don't reach like you put a ring or spend cheese on Bleek Get your mind right baby, goin through mine crazy When I'm in the shower, *69 me crazy Track my last call, contact my broad with a bitch or two had physical contact in the mall You got issues {*inhales*} problems you need to iron out I will, holla, for now you on time out [Chorus w/ singer and Snoop] You gotta play your part when you're rollin with the R-O-C [S] C'mon little mama, c'mon You gotta know what it takes to be down with a nigga like me [J] Get your mind right mami, get your mind right [S] C'mon little mama, c'mon I need a gangsta girl, who can ride in my passenger seat [J] Get your mind right mami, get your mind right [S] C'mon baby girl, c'mon And I need gangsta girls, for my gangsta family [J] Get your mind right mami, get your mind right [S] C'mon little mama, c'mon [Snoop Dogg] P-I-M-P-ology I played you and you paid me Believe me when I tell you girl I know you a freak for fuckin with me, that ain't all you can be Just put your mind to it you can go real far I know times gettin hard on the boulevard They say, pimpin is dead; man, pimpin ain't dead These hoes just scared and they blind tryin and dyin to be lead But who's to lead 'em? Talk shit to 'em and beat 'em Get they mind right and feed 'em Now I don't need 'em (uh uh) but I can do that there Put on a three-piece suit and Shirley Temple my hair so I can, feel like a player when I walk in the place Got yo' bitch all on my line and now she up in my face Is this yo' bitch is that yo' bitch cause if she's not she mine She fallin fo' a nigga and I ain't even dropped a line [Chorus w/ Snoop] Get out my limelight bitch and get your mind right C'mon little mama, c'mon Get your mind right bitch, get your mind right C'mon baby girl, c'mon, c'mon You gotta play your part when you're rollin with the R-O-C [J] Get your mind right mami, get your mind right You gotta know what it takes to be down with a nigga like me [J] Get your mind right ma, get your mind right I need a gangsta girl, who can ride in my passenger seat [J] Got ta get your mind right baby, get your mind right And I need gangsta girls for my gangsta family [Jay-Z] Get your mind right mami, get your mind right Get your mind right ma, get your mind right huh? Got ta get your mind right baby, get your mind right The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Beanie Sigel, DJ Clue Album: The Dynasty Roc La Familia Song: Stick 2 the Script Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Clue]	Yeah.. DJ Clue! A/K/A/, William, M. Holla.. 	with William H. Holla [Jay-Z] The world's most infamous [Clue]	The Holla family nigga [Jay-Z] Roc-A-Fella Records, c'mon [Clue]	Dynasty! New Jay-Z! Beanie Sigel! 	Stick to the script! [Jay-Z] We live money over bitches nigga stick to the script [Clue]	Remember where you heard it first.. stupid! [Jay-Z] Cop, flip, we re-up; get back to the shift 	Money over bitches nigga stick to the script [Clue]	D.. J.. CLUE! [Jay-Z] YO, they call me William H. (H!) the all-time great (GREAT!) I fuck the most hoes out of New York State (STATE!) I rock my jewels (JEWELS) I'm not a fool (FOOL!) In the small of my back I got this big-ass tool (Ha hah!) When I'm skatin through the city and I stop and kick it Be the most asked question - how I got them digits? I say I stay on my grind, never stop for bitches Never talk like a mime I gotta watch you snitches And I stick to the script, that's my advice so live Eat nigga, let it stick to your ribs I seen niggaz go from handlin birds to ramblin words to the man, seen a Sammy the Bull emerge on the stand And it was all good just a week ago We lost Todd E., but we still eatin though For like a hundred weeks nigga, we gon' run the streets til we reach Malik or the date of E's release Peep Hova in a Jeep Rover, passin reefer over to this freak, breathe mami this is good weed mami Three, hymies under the belt, three extra clip We aim, we shoot; y'all shoot aim, we stick to the script C'mon! [Chorus: Jay-Z] Money over bitches nigga stick to the script We cop, we flip, we re-up; get back on our shift Money over bitches nigga stick to the script {*scratch* "You can bullshit with rap if you want, muh'fuckers"} Money over bitches nigga stick to the script We cop, we flip, we re-up; get back on our shift Money over bitches nigga stick to the script {*scratch* "You in the streets nigga, make your moves"} {*scratch* "Y'all niggaz truly ain't ready for this dynasty thing"} [Beanie Sigel] Geah, uh-huh Yeah, money over bitches nigga {*scratch* "This Philly cat ba.. back at it"} Stick to the script, yo Aiyyo they don't call me Mac for nuttin I don't give a whore jack, man they all say that Mac be frontin But if you can't take a case bitch and take it to the chin take the heat, beat your feet bitch, skate in the wind Don't snitch, we can blow dough, make it again You can be my hoe bitch, I can't make you my friend because - friends depend on friends, not Bean Sigel's shit I don't need you; let welfare feed you Mac'll, stick to the script, and stick to the flip I got a sick whip game, water stick to the bricks I got a sick flip game, order gettin and shit I got a strict strip, flip 'caine, get it in shifts Bitch, you can't get at me, shit I get at you only in the physical, I tell you like Mystikal "Shake that ass (yeah) watch yourself (Yeah) show me what you workin with but wash yourself" Fuck a dirty bitch (yeah) man I roll with a sturdy click that'll murder shit, empty clips you never heard a spit Slide a bitch what? Slide a bitch shit Slide a bitch dick, then I slide out a bitch shit Ain't no time to stick around and play step pops Shit I'm tryin to get down, cop and upset blocks Low price, quick flip, 2-8-K quick Shit don't go right, 2 AK's spit - stick to the script nigga Money over bitches nigga stick to the script We cop, we flip, we re-up; get back on our shift Money over bitches nigga stick to the script .. Money over bitches nigga stick to the script We cop, we flip, we re-up; get back on our shift Money over bitches nigga stick to the script Y'all get knocked, y'all turn bitch We get knocked, we never snitch, c'mon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Amil, Beanie Sigel, Memphis Bleek Album: The Dynasty Roc La Familia Song: You, Me, Him and Her Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Told y'all... Dynasty... Roc-A-Fella Records, you heard me? Unstoppable, niggaz! Uhh Memph Bleek.. Amil-lion.. Sigel Sigel ya heard? It's a Dynasty! Who do you believe? Jigga Man, mo' better, mo' cheddar Foes knock the man off your Polo sweater Roll with the R-O-C, A-Fella Remember me? The teachers used to fail us Now it's mo' scrilla, hoe killers Fo'-wheelers, we - gorillas Oh please feel us - we heat holders Fightin? Listen boy, Roy Jones couldn't still us The plot thickens, the block clickin We got the game tied up, stop trippin Jigga Man huh? Sigel Sigel y'all Memph Bleek what? Amil-lion, uhh Cat be him, El Cap-i-tan The fire I spit burn down Happyland Social Club, we unapproachable thugs Non-social, gone postal Great aim, harm the arm close to your toast like a Don's supposed to, Shawn I thought I told you, these ain't just vocals Don't make me take it to the old school I put holes through your hoes too through your clothes to the foes to the nigga close to you Fuck it; Jigga Man huh? Sigel Sigel y'all Amil-lion what? Memph Bleek.. [Memphis Bleek] Y'all dudes don't - get it, come widdit Fifth loaded with slugs that'll rest in your fitted It's M dot E-M, the Roc be them Got the mamis sayin look, who can stop be them? You wan' press your dumb luck, get blam blam-ed up I crush your larynx, you talk 'bout us nigga No obituary, I get it critical You know Memph'll hit the pall bearer liftin you When I cock the plastic, make 'em drop the casket When it's hot, I'm blastin, it's the Roc, you bastards Jigga Man what? Amil-lion yeah Memph Bleek huh? Sigel Sigel c'mon Spit acid, c'mon Witcha bullshit smash hit, get your bullshit smashed in Niggaz wanna front and get jumped Bet the ruger give your right side a nice-sized lump Nigga, we are, the supreme squad You can dream hard but reality is we push the dream cars, fuck the queen broads puff the green raw, we as real as it get We the R-O-C dot A dot Fellas Bitches don't talk to us, the hoes they e-mail us Nigga, Jigga Man what? Memph Bleek huh? Amil-lion yeah, Sigel Sigel rap [Beanie Sigel] R (dot) O (dot) C (dot) stop From Tower to ma and pop, I move out stop Shower your mom block, move out with glocks Raw to the cook, look, move out them blocks Take it to the bucks who be grindin it up Usually take it to the dubs so they diamond it up Competition, linin 'em up Forty-five ACP, let me squeeze lime 'em up You want, drama what? Well silence it up Since a young buck, violent as fuck Wasn't me dog, the high will do it I used to wild off embalmin fluid I sent niggaz to the trauma unit Forty-five or the nine'll do it I fuck around and have your moms go through it - I'm a beast! Shit, niggaz always wanna ye shit, then they wanna cease shit when they motherfuckin peeps hit But I don't cease nuttin, I decease som'un I fuck around and have you sleepin underneath som'un Jigga Man what? Sigel Sigel y'all Memph Bleek uh, Amil-lion right [Amil] Yo, A to the M-I, feminist Holdin the semi, leave niggaz faced with a dilemmi Am I, gon' run or stay, can I get away no you can't can't I surrendi? And I, lazy bop, Mercedes hot In my way through the tunnel like Lady Di [Jay-Z] Jigga Man huh? Sigel Sigel y'all Memph Bleek what? Amil-lion uhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ R. Kelly Album: The Dynasty Roc La Familia Song: Guilty Until Proven Innocent Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] I thought this was America people! Uhh, yeah, guilty until proven innocent huh? That's how we workin huh? Okay Before me there was many; after me there will be none I am the one Uh-huh, okay, I see how we playin Yeah, I get it down - anxiously the public can't wait Niggaz had to have it way before it's release date Jigga get irate, press get it fucked up Took me one point eight but I had to get it straight Get the CD, twelve inch vinyl, get the tape Jigga give out food for thought dog, get a plate I get it down, get it krunk when I get in the state of mind that what's mine is mine, nobody get to take I don't bend, break, fold, scratch, go down My mental rolodex see these words? I just don't know I know stress, drama, niggaz upsettin my mama Arrested, put in the lineup, tryin to put dents in my armor But I'm a survivor, plus I'm liver than most Out on bail, fifty thou', still ridin with toast I ain't tryin to collide with folk,  but I don't want folk takin Jigga for joke I guess you niggaz just woke - good morning! [Chorus - R. Kelly] You can't touch me, no you can't touch me 	Jigga, Kelly, not guilty Try to charge me but I'm not guilty 	I got, all, my mamis I've got all of my mamis 	Tell me, what you, want from me Tell me.. what y'all want from me? I'm not guilty [Jay-Z] I see how you comin at me now, I'm cool I'm not the snitch I don't go to the cops to get rich .. I go to the block and pitch I go with the glock and click, I go with the pop I'm sick I go with you hard; I ain't gon' stop for shit Look in my eyes dog, right in my pupils If I'm your rival, why would I have to do you? Press try to throw dirt on my name, disturbin my game Seemed happy when they heard he was arraigned, glad he's indichted Got big money, big lawyers to fight it Just like Cochran, cocksuckers you never see me boxed in Y'all all knnow it, Jigga's a fighter Plus I'm clausterphobic, back on the streets before you know it And my word niggaz, I heard you niggaz I'm address each and every one of you cocksuckers Fuck the white press, the block love us, hip-hop forever B.I.G. is here, the soul of Tupac hovers - above us [Chorus - R. Kelly] You can't touch me, no you can't touch me 	Jigga, Kelly, not guilty Try to charge me but I'm not guilty 	I got, all, my mamis I've got all of my mamis 	Tell me, what you, want from me Tell me.. (I am the one) What you want from me? Not guilty [Jay-Z] Uhh, okay, you on my radar, I got you too bitch Got lame bitches tryin to fuck with my case Same lame bitch I bust in her face Honey just mad I got her fuckin replaced Plus a birthday pass without me even touchin my safe But I ain't gon' lie, the head was sick But what we need to do, is put that mouth on a betta bitch You heart the rhetorhic, Jigga hit me over the head with a champagne bottle at the bar, can he buy me a car? Naw, how do y'all equate your pain Would it all go away if I bought you a Range? I got one or two of those, nothin gon' change For nothin else, you gotta live with yourself Try and lie on Hov' cause I ride on the road in what, most would describe as a Rolls NO, that's that Continental T The only car that fit intercontinental me, not guilty [Chorus - R. Kelly] You can't touch me, no you can't touch me 	Jigga, Kelly, not guilty And you wanna charge me, when I'm not guilty 	I got, all, my mamis (I am the one) I've got all of my mamis 	Tell me, what you, want from me Tell me.. what you want from me? Not guilty [Jay-Z] I, am, the, one [R]	Y'all, cats, can't touch me Holla! [R. Kelly] So you can't touch me nigga, you can't touch me 	Jigga, Kelly, not guilty Said Jigga, Kelly, not guilty 	I got, all, my mamis And I got, all my, mamis 	Tell me, what you, want from me I don't, know why, y'all can't see that 	Y'all, cats, can't touch me Y'all, dudes, can't touch me 	Jigga, Kelly, not guilty Jigga, Kelly, not guilty 	I got, all, my mamis I got, all my, mamis 	Tell me, what you, want from me So tell me, what you, want from me 	Y'all, cats, can't touch me Y'all, niggaz, can't touch me 	Jigga, Kelly, not guilty Jigga, Kelly, not guilty 	I got, all, my mamis And I got, all my, mamis 	Tell me, what you, want from me So tell me, what you, want from me 	Y'all, cats, can't touch me 	Jigga, Kelly, not guilty 	I got, all, my mamis 	Tell me, what you, want from me 	Y'all, cats, can't touch me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Beanie Sigel, Lil' Mo, Memphis Bleek Album: The Dynasty Roc La Familia Song: Parking Lot Pimpin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Yeh, it's that knock right here You fuck around not have the right speakers in your system your shit be soundin like this {*funny sounds*} Big thangs, thick chains, ain't shit changed Get brain in the four-dot-six Range Shit mayn, switch lanes Every town I hit you switch lames, bitch flip big 'caine I givin 'em whiplash when I'm whippin the whip fast Which one? Pick one nigga, I got a six stashed Continental T's, no tense like I got a thick stab Big cigar, old money, when I drop it it's so funny Six-four switches, slam doors on 6's Big trucks when I wanna fuck and it's time to get ass I turn automobiles to hotels on wheels I got money for a room it's just the fact that I'm trill Bitches love when I cruise up the boulevard They have contests to guess which car I'ma pull out the yard They know I, come for dolo and pull off with a broad Spin away, spend a day tryin to pull menage Just mackin this gorgeous; sunlight hit the ice it's flawless Run lights like I'm the king of New York, I'm lawless Bitches, they wanna hang like plaques in the office Cause I push black Porsches, Benz's and Jaguars-es When the rag's off it, gat on my lap, I'm that cautious Never trust grimy-ass New Yorkers 'Specially when you're sittin on 20's they get nauseous Standin in the Azure with white Air Forces [Chorus: Lil' Mo] You can catch me in the parkin lot Hollerin at bitches, parkin lot pimpin' Everyday we be off the chains Workin with grain, sittin on them thangs Tryin to find out where dem dollars at (dollars at) So when I holla at you, holla back (holla back) Everyday we be off the chains Ain't nuttin different, parkin lot pimpin' [Beanie Sigel] Holla at me mami! Sigel.. You can catch Mac in the parkin lot, pimpin crazy S-5, Navy 'Cedes, sittin on 80 That's four dubs, not S-4 dub Stash box, push +Hot Wheel+ like +Matchbox+ Bitches wanna push my world, they flash box 160, push my wheel, mash cops Cause 160 took my wheel to cash drop Run 60, you Big Will, match cop Lookin through the rearview and Mac was wylin New driver, screwdriver, the cracked steering column Pushin somethin stolen, blastin, picture me rollin Baghdad, couldn't picture me ?? Now the truth different, Mac come through Coupe roof missin I'm the truth til my fuckin roof missin Mac stay stuck in the Coupe to school pigeons Feathers gettin plucked in the truck from loose chickens, listen [Memphis Bleek] Yo, aiyyo I dip dip dive, what can I say? I can't fit 'em all inside the Escalade So I called up, murder to further my parkin lot pimpin Told 'em get the Impala so I can start dippin Lay back, seat recline, they notice the hand Car movin slow, driven by the invisible man Everything on the dash, digital and I got a fast stashbox don't make me spit at you man In the parkin lot, where I spark a lot I come to show my new feet, slide off with a few freaks Bleek, turn up the beats.. .. turn up the heat then we burn up the streets, bitch! [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Jay-Z f/) Memphis Bleek Album: The Dynasty Roc La Familia Song: Holla Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com Uh huh Is y'all ready? Is y'all ready?? HOOK 2X: Holla! If you real and you know you a G Holla! Deep in these streets when you pumpin that D Holla! Be in your hood screamin fuck police Holla! You keep a gun and you bust for beef [Verse 1] Niggas say I'm focused now, they know that's my style But dogg, I'm on the block with that coke and a smile I still got the crack heads I.D. And they know, I collect for the first and fifteenth I still take cabs to that capsule spot For them 31 illusions and them purple tops And the game aint change, niggas is taught different I'm raised off one rule, never get caught slippin That's why I eat, sleep, shit with my gat Bag up, take a piss, fuck a bitch with my gat And I done sold it all from crack to marijuana You can't deny it, I'm in hoods like Tom Warner Beat cop, take away, I keep my shit They don't know I deliver off the beeps I get And you snitch ass niggas wanna peep my shit But I'ma show you how deep into these streets I get HOOK [Verse 2] See what this game made, and *of age I came* And you up and coming rappers know you young to this game *I went from Marcy to Hollywood, I'm back again* I don't need no applaud, to clap again Let alone, no award, from rap to win Talk drama, get yourself wrapped up in Severe head trauma, get beat with the nine lime-a Cut your hand off if you fuckin with my product That slayed shit, I'm on the grave shift We all know fucked up money don't pay rent You short with my ones, you short one thumb You can't, come up short where the fuck I'm from We got, dues to pay, new tools to spray Who's to say, Bleek won't make news today You know the ooze'll spray if you refuse to pay And I move the yae nigga day by day HOOK The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Beanie Sigel, Freeway, Memphis Bleek Album: The Dynasty Roc La Familia Song: 1-900-Hustler Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Beanie Sigel] 1-900-Hustler, Sigel, holla at your boy What's the problem shorty? [Shorty] Yeah whattup man I'm the only nigga from Brooklyn out here man I'm tryin to lock the spot down, holla at me [Beanie Sigel] Alright; hold on - Hova, line one [Jay-Z] Here's a couple of suggestions of how you could finesse it You find a dude in town, you send him a short message Say, "Hey, I'm new in town, I don't know my way around but I got some soft white that's sure to come back brown I get that butter all night cause most niggaz don't know a brick from a bike They keep buyin hard white And if you free tomorrow night we can meet and discuss price FYI, I never been robbed in my life" Or -- you find a chick, shit, you hole up in her crib and let her introduce you 'round town like her man Shake hands, make friends like it's all innocent then -- before they look up you sellin the town cook-up Or -- gorilla pimp, come up on that killer shit Take a nigga brick, smack him, then you sell it back to them Still there Brooklyn? [Shorty] Yeah yeah that's gangsta, I think I'ma roll with that one [Jay-Z] Make out a check for eight hundred dollars Jigga Man, holla {*click*, *dial tone*} [Beans] 1-900-Hustler, Sigel, holla at your boy [Chris] Whassup Sig? This Chris out the Young Guns dog [Beans] Whattup? [Chris] I'm ready to smash these niggaz in the rap game 	The niggaz takin too long with that advance money and shit [Beans] Yeah [Chris] Talkin 'bout chill, chill don't pay the bills [Beans] Yeah I feel that [Chris] I know you well connected dog 	Let me holla at somebody real [Beans] Aight look, I got the perfect person for you, hold on 	Bleek, line two [Memphis Bleek] Listen shorty, you wanna roll just give me the word I ain't got time for a sentence all that shit is absurd You find a strip first, if you don't cook find a bitch first If you don't hustle find a nigga who pitch first You new in town, no red and blue in town, there's gangs Don't get fresh, let 'em know you small change The strong move quiet, the weak start riots We know you got a brick but sell 'em twenties til they tired With no credit, you know you sick with that gotta eat fetish and other niggaz who gettin it - DEAD IT Make 'em an offer that they can't refuse He resists, box him in, til he can't be moved Here's the rules: chop it, bag it, stash it, stack it Get in, get out - that's a O.G.'s classic 900-Hustler, you pass it around Wanna speak to me direct, hit extension trey-pound, I'm out {*click*, *dial tone*} [Beans] 1-900-Hustler, Sigel, holla at your dog 	What seem to be the problem young boy? [MDKHN] Yo whattup, this Murder Def Kill Homicide Nigga 	(??) I got two freaks [Beans] Yo watch your fuckin mouth man [MDKHN] Fuck you mean watch my mouth nigga? 	Been on hold for about two hours nigga [Beans] I don't give a fuck how long you been on the line; 	shut the fuck up! Matter of fact, hold on 	{*click*, *classical type music plays*} [MDKHN] I know this nigga ain't just put.. put me on hold man 	This bullshit-ass elevator music [Beans] Free, pick up line five [Freeway] First things first, watch what you say out your mouth when you talkin on the phone to hus-tlers Never play the house, think drought, keep heat in the couch when you sittin in the presence of cus-tomers Never hold out, pull out, throw heat and be out if a nigga ever think that he touchin-ya Lay low, get cake, whip all over the state Stash dough, whip yay with, right amount of bake (hoe!) Nigga too close went right around his place (yo!) You stoppin dough when we clutchin the gats? I know you heard "Friend or Foe," this ain't different from that Make sure you got your four-four and he can slip if he like Young, Jon Benet daughter missin tonight and yo until you up stay away from them dykes and whores Three smuts, two straights and a dyke can pause one-three rumbles two streaks and a pipe for sure And if it's tight, then he might come back for more Nine and four, everyday back and forth Winter to summer, 1-900-Hustler Pass the number til you're stackin balls Tell you how to weigh shit wet and package more I take cash or write the check out to F-R two E's, that'll be two G's And forget my money I'm comin for all your ki's, nigga {*click*, *dial tone*} [Beans] 1-900-Hustler, Sigel, holla at your boy dog [MDKHN] Yo whattup young, you put me on hold earlier man what happened [Beans] Yeah you stupid motherfucker {MDKHN: Watch your mouth man} 	you talkin all reckless on the phone [Beans] Fuck you think this the,  	Get-Indicted-Hotline or somethin motherfucker? [MDKHN] Yo, my bad man, my bad 	I know I was talkin reckless earlier about them two chickens 	You get it, you know, two chickens? But listen [Beans] What? [MDKHN] Just tell me how to move this shit man 	I'm pushin hardly half a wing back nigga, holla [Beans] Get a job, holla at Perdue! {*click*, *dial tone*} Artist: Jay-Z f/ Beanie Sigel, Memphis Bleek Album: The Dynasty Roc La Familia Song: The R.O.C. Typed by: Digital_Thug_3@yahoo.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Nah motherfucker Ge-ge-geah-geah Geah-geah-ge-ge-geah-geah Geah-geah-ge-ge-geah-geah Yeah, yeah, yeah [Beanie Sigel] We be the R,O,C .. y'all get your dope from us We runs the R,O,C .. yeah, keep up niggaz, c'mon Aiyyo you niggaz talk a lot of nuthin, like you always God or sumthin Like you always shot at sumthin, niggaz never shot at nuthin Like you shotty sumthin, like you body sumthin nigga your body duckin is nuthin you're bluffin You niggaz talk shit like you draw quick but when the 4's grip, I floor quick; you, your man, your bullshit Your man bullshit? Might get him four quick  All up in his fore shit; c'mon, stop the bullshit It's B Sig dog, straight in da league y'all Straight out da school yard Hoover, I schooled y'all Now school's out, lights out tools out You fools out c'mon y'all pick a new route  while I pick the new flow, kick it to your new ho'  to get next to your new dough Your new crack spot you know Mac steal crack to crack pot niggaz know I spit on every track hot [Chorus: repeat 2X] It's the R, O, C, stop From Tower to ma'n'pop we move out the stop R, O, C, stop We shower your mom block and move out with glocks [Memphis Bleek] Uhh, yeah, uh-huh, yo this for my G's Yo yo Aiyyo, this for my G's, hoes, gangstas, foes niggaz who get dough rep for get lo I got cake (cake) weight (weight) shanks (shanks) eights (eights) bank (bank) bitch act straight I'm hot son [Beans] Stop son they livin a lie duke You plot son I pop one still in the sky duke  M to the A to the R-C-Y duke niggaz die here can't nothin revive you  I'm still here niggaz see what I drive through Sittin on dubs with screens inside too I'm simply street, I'm Memphis Bleek Catch me with them green jars in the tinted jeep On, B-L-A-D's I get C-L-A-P's Catch me not givin a fuck I'm on these LA Trees One for Sigel Sigel, two for the Jigga and  Three for Amil-lion and four for Memph Man [Beanie Sigel] Aiyyo you shouldn't have been talkin that like you was walkin that  And Mac with this mac ..  and let off fifty shots where you be walkin at Where your apartment at You fuck around and have me creepin in the dark where you be often at  or where you be.. creepin at Where your birds be.. shh Oops mean (chirpin at) damn I'm hurtin that Workin that spittin that shit like that's on purpose  That's, some freestyle shit, I don't know Hey playboy take that back a bit  Yo you shouldn't have been talkin that like you was walkin that  and Mac with this mac .. and let off fifty shots where you be walkin at Where your apartment at You fuck around have me creepin in the dark where you be often at  or where you be.. creepin at, sleepin at Where your birds be, cheepin at Oops mean chirpin that, damn I be workin that  Hurtin that, aiyyo playboy curtains that [Outro] R,O,C, stop R,O,C.. mom block and move out with glocks Uhh uhh, geah, uh-huh-uh-uh Uh-huh-uh-uh, y'all can't fuck with us Un-stop-pa-ble-Roc, y'all can't fuck with us Un-stop-pa-ble-Roc, y'all can't fuck with us Un-stop-pa-ble-Roc, y'all can't fuck with us {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Dynasty Roc La Familia Song: Soon You'll Understand Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Mmm, you don't understand now be..cause you're cryin, and you hurt You'll understand soon enough.. soon enough [Singer overlaps Jay-Z] Let him hold you, let him touch you Soon you'll un-der-stand [Jay-Z] You're my best friend's sister, grown woman and all But you see how I am around girls; I ruin 'em all Plus your mom call me son, around you since I was small Shit I watched you mature - nah, this ain't right But still when your boyfriend ditched you, life's a bitch you cried Over my right shoulder I told you to wipe your eyes Take your time when you likin a guy Cause if he sense that your feelings too intense, it's pimp or die I bought you earrings on your birthday Drove you to college your first day It must be sad, though it hurts to say We could never be a item, don't even like him You deserve better - this is ugly; Gina, please don't love me There's better guys out there other than me 	{You need a lawyer or a doctor or somebody like that you know} Like a lawyer or a doctor with a Ph.D Think of how upset your mother and brother would be if they found that you was huggin me My conscience is fuckin with me [Singer] Let him hold you, let him touch you Soon you'll un-der-stand [Jay-Z] Man, I look in the eyes of a.. this.. a kid that stole life and me together.. We're tryin, really tryin to make it work I'm young, and I ain't ready, and I told you [Singer overlaps Jay-Z] Let him hold you, let him touch you Soon you'll un-der-stand [Jay-Z] It ain't like, I ain't tell you from day one, I ain't shit When it comes to relationships, I don't have the patience Now it's too late, we got a little life together and in my mind I really want you to be my wife forever But in the physical it's like I'ma be trife forever A different girl every night forever; told you to leave but you're stubborn and you love him and, no matter what despite all the fuckin and the cheatin, you still won't leave him, now you're grievin And I feel bad, believe me But I'm young and I ain't ready, and this ain't easy Wasn't fair to tell you to wait, so I told you to skate You chose not to, now look at the shit we gotta go through Doin a fight, throw in a fuss, you the mother of my baby I don't want you to hate me, this is about us Rather me; I ain't ready to be what you want me to be Because I love you, I want you to leave, please [Singer] Let him hold you, let him touch you Soon you'll un-der-stand [Jay-Z] Mm... listen ma I mean, I seen you workin two or three jobs Daddy left... I I thought I was makin things better I made it worse [Singer overlaps Jay-Z] Let him hold you, let him touch you Soon you'll un-der-stand [Jay-Z] Dear ma, I'm in the cell, lonely as hell Writin this scribe, thinkin bout how you must feel inside You tried to teach me better, but I refused to grow God damn I ain't the young man that you used to know You said the street claim lives, but I wanted things like bling bling ice I was wrong in hindsight Shit we grew apart, try to blame it on your new spouse I know it hurt like hell the day you kicked me out But your house is your house, I ain't respect the rules I brought crack past your door, beefed with rival crews And who wants to be the mother of a son who sold drugs Co-workers saw me on the corner slingin Larry Love Meanwhile, you workin hard like, two or three jobs Tryin to feed me and my siblings, makin an honest livin Who am I kiddin I, call myself easin the load I made the load heavy, I need money for commissary Try to understand, please [Singer - repeat all 6X until fade] Let him hold you, let him touch you Soon you'll un-der-stand The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Dynasty Roc La Familia Song: Squeeze 1st Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com Uh, yeah, mmmm William H. niggas Holla, yeah, yo HOOK: That's why I, squeeze first ask quesions last That's how most of these so called gangstas pass I, squeeze first ask questions last Cuz when I pull up, always pop, that's why I'm livin today [JIGGA] Yo, when I meet ya, I heat ya down When I greet ya, meet ya with pound Not the handshake, but the kind that make ya demand a wake The kind that put land over your face I pop ya, let doctors stitch ya I-N-F-R-A, will not miss ya I move light, like my shoes too tight Leave niggas confused from the day to the night At night, see the light, when the pistol's sparkin Daytime it gets dark when that pistol barkin I keep cash 'case cops arrest me 'case kids kidnap me, kids could get back me You shall repent 'fore you spend a red cent If not you, somebody of close descent Thou shalt not fuck with raw me, or he Face a thousand deaths from Mr. Shawn Correy Carter, rap harder like I'm part of a cult Like Cuban cigar maker 'cept I'm hard to smoke And y'all choke motherfuckers HOOK [JIGGA] I said thou shalt not fuck with raw me, or he Face a thousand deaths from Mr. Shawn Correy Carter, rap harder like I'm part of a cult Like Cuban cigar maker 'cept I'm hard to smoke Thou shalt not fuck with raw me, or he Face a thousand deaths from Mr. Shawn Correy Carter, rap harder like I'm part of a cult Like Cuban cigar maker 'cept I'm hard to smoke And y'all choke niggas HOOK [JIGGA] Y'all don't understand I said thou shalt not fuck with raw me, or he Face a thousand deaths from Mr. Shawn Correy Carter, rap harder like I'm part of a cult Like Cuban cigar maker 'cept I'm hard to smoke Y'all choke niggas HOOK [JIGGA] See when I'm low in digits, I push blow in a blizzard I'm a player for real, I post and pivot Coke distribute, be where the ghostes visit Where the demons live, shit my scene is vivid Squeamish kids, y'all get the fuck outta this verse It's about to get so obscene in a minute I seen and live it, I did some things I admit it Wasn't proud of it, but I was a child fuck it Kept a pow tucked in a brown belt Couldn't sit down, big gun kept stickin my pelvis Shit it was either that or be livin wit Elvis Niggas is jealous, hell is hot, you heard X Wanted to tell God that I don't deserve this Was afraid that he'd tell me I deserve less My life was nervous, you haven't heard stress Til you heard the cries of my mama, me givin her drama Told her I aint promised tomorrow, gotta live for the day And before she could say Jay... I was out the door, pouch full of raw, a outlaw mentality Men gotta do men things for men salary Bad Boy, not Puff or Mike Lowery, damn B.I.G. woulda been proud of me Ahh shit man... Young Hova ya heard? Who could fuck wit him? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Beanie Sigel Album: The Dynasty Roc La Familia Song: Where Have You Been Typed by: thesuavehouse@hotmail.com, roddmcl@earthlink.net [Beanie Sigel] Damn how am I gonna say this shit? hey... hey dad, yeah it's your boy remember me? I wanna talk to you scrap I remember being kicked out the house 'cause I looked just like you Said I'd be nothing but a crook just like you The niggaz in the hood was shook Where the just like you 'Cause all they said was little whitey look I'm just like you But dog I can't see it at all, shit We never kicked it at all We never pitched or kicked at a ball dog, you never taught me shit how to fight, ride a bike, fix a flat none of that sorts of shit Nigga you was an abusive pops fuck you left me out to dry, stuck gotta teach news to box gotta teach news to bop and that aint the half of it man I gotta teach news to block It's about time we have a father to son (nigga sit down) sit down let me tell you 'bout your fatherless sons how they grew to be men and father they sons father they daughters nigga, you left a fatherless daughter I never follow your orders nigga you make me sick pussy you could....ooh how you gonna leave these memories in the back of my mind I can see it clear as day you smackin my mom I 'member that day you showed me that gat, that 9 put it in my palm when I was young and said that would be mine, you turned me out the reason why I hit the block reason why I tried to hit them cops reason why I started hittin shots reason why I started gettin licked and drinkin syrup and skippin court ginger bread man never think of gettin caught look at your hand man damn you fought nigga you left my mom left us with no good-bye's you left us out to dry you left us with no letters, notes, (nothing!) no replies no digits numbers was unlisted you left us with some of my loneliest night nigga some of my hungriest nights shit, one of the reasons for years (shit embarrasin) damn we used to think money was white yeah you gave us life like, fruit from a plant we aint eat right from them foods from them stamps and to think you was my pop, man i gotta stop shit [CHORUS] Female: Daddy, Where Have You Been? Beanie: And when you come home, you got us here all alone Female: Mommy, Where Daddy Went? Beanie: You always stick up for him Always said you'd make up for him Female: Mommy, What Happened Then? Beanie: What was you cheatin on him? Why he's always beatin' on you? Female: Daddy, Where Have You Been? Beanie: Nigga, you gonna hear me out [Jay-Z] I wanted to walk just like him (remember?) wanted to talk just like him (word) often momma said I look too much and I thought just like him (it could happen) wanted to drink Miller nips and smoke Newports just like you but you left me, now I'm goin to court just like you I would say "my daddy loves me and he'll never go away" bullshit, do you even remember December's my birthday? do you even remember the tender boy you turned into a cold young man with one goal and one plan get mommy out of some jam, she was always in one always short with the income always late with the rent You said that you was comin through I would stay in the hallway (waitin) always playin the bench (waitin) and that day came and went Fuck You! very much you showed me the worst kind of pain but I'm stronger and trust me I will never hurt again will never ask mommy "why daddy don't love me? Why is we so poor?, why is life so ugly? Mommy why is your eyes puffy?" please don't cry everything'll be alright I know it's dark now, but we gon' see the light It's us against the world we don't need him, right? (right) mommy drivin 6's now (yeah), I got riches now (yeah) I bought I nice home for both of my sisters now we doin real good we don't miss you now see how life twists around, fucker? CHORUS [fade out... sound of staticky LP turning] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint Song: The Ruler's Back Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Uh-huh uhh, uhh, uh-uhh Uh-huh uhh, uhh, uhh Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! I, am, back, niggaz Ha ha ha ha ha.. uh-oh, uh-oh - whoo! Ladies and gentlemen.. H, to the Izzo I wanna thank everybody out there for they purchase I surely appreciate it - whoo! What you about to witness is my thoughts Just my thoughts man - right or wrong Just what I was feeling at the time, uhh You ever felt like this, you vibe with me Walk with a nigga man - just vibe with me Yo, gather round hustlers that's if you still livin And get on down, to that ol' Jig rhythm Here's a couple of jewels to help you get through your bid in prison A ribbon in the sky, keep your head high I, Young 'Vito, voice of the young people Mouthpiece for hustlers I'm back motherfuckers Your reign on the top was shorter than leprechauns Y'all can't fuck with Hov', what type of X y'all on? I got great lawyers for cops so dress warm Charges don't stick to dude he's teflon I'm too sexy for jail like I'm Right Said Fred I'm not guilty, now GIMME back my bread Mr. District Attorney I'm not sure if they told you I'm on TV every day, where the fuck could I go to plus - Hov' don't run, Hov' stand and fight Hov's a soldier, Hov' been fightin all his life so What could you do to me? It's not new to me Sue me; fuck you - what's a couple dollars to me? But you will respect me, simple as that Or I got no problem goin back I'm representin for the seat where Rosa Parks sat Where Malcolm X was shot, where Martin Luther was popped So off we go, let the trumpets blow And hold on, because the driver of the mission is a pro The ruler's back Uhh, uh-huh uhh uhh I, am, BACK, niggaz - whoo! whoo! whoo! whoo! Yeah, yeah, yeah Turn the motherfuckin music up The ruler's back I, am, back, niggaz Yeah, geah, yeah, geah, yeah, geah, yeah Well in these times, well at least to me There's a lot of rappers out there tryin to sound like Jay-Z I'll help you out, here's what you do You gonna need a wide lens cause that's a VERR' big shoe And you got a couple of +Beans+ and you don't have a +Clue+? You situation is +Bleek+, I'ma keep it +Rell+ cause Fuckin with me, you gotta drop +Amil+ Cause if you gonna cop somethin you gotta cop f'real Don't only talk it, walk like it - from the Bricks to the booth I can predict the future like Cleo the psychic You can't date skee-os and wife it (uh-uh) And you can't sell me bullshit, we know the prices So what your life is? We gon' roll 'til the wheels fall off, y'all muh'fuckers check the tires Off we go, let the trumpets blow And hold on, because the driver of that Bentley is a pro The ruler's back Uhh, uhh I, am, back, niggaz Feels good! Ha Pah, holla at me! The ruler's back Yeah.. whoo! Yeah.. yeah.. yeah.. Now bounce, c'mon, bounce Uhh, whoo! Whoo! Bounce, c'mon, bounce Uhh, uhh, yeah, yeah Bounce, c'mon, bounce Uhh, yeah, just my thoughts ladies and gentlemen Just what I'm feelin at the time, you know what I mean? Knahmean? {*music fades w/ ad libs*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint Song: Takeover Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] R.O.C., we runnin this rap shit Memphis Bleek, we runnin this rap shit B. Mac, we runnin this rap shit Freeway, we run this rap shit O & Sparks, we runnin this rap shit Chris & Neef, we runnin this rap shit The takeover, the break's over nigga God MC, me, Jay-Hova Hey lil' soldier you ain't ready for war R.O.C. too strong for y'all It's like bringin a knife to a gunfight, pen to a test Your chest in the line of fire witcha thin-ass vest You bringin them Boyz II Men, HOW them boys gon' win? This is grown man B.I., get you rolled into triage Beatch - your reach ain't long enough, dunny Your peeps ain't strong enough, fucka Roc-A-Fella is the army, better yet the navy Niggaz'll kidnap your babies, spit at your lady We bring - knife to fistfight, kill your drama Uh, we kill you motherfuckin ants with a sledgehammer Don't let me do it to you dunny cause I overdo it So you won't confuse it with just rap music R.O.C., we runnin this rap shit M-Easy, we runnin this rap shit The Broad Street Bully, we runnin this rap shit Get zipped up in plastic when it happens that's it Freeway, we runnin this rap shit O & Sparks, we runnin this rap shit Chris & Neef, we runnin this rap shit {*"Watch out!! We run New York" -> KRS-One*} I don't care if you Mobb Deep, I hold triggers to crews You little FUCK, I've got money stacks bigger than you When I was pushin weight, back in eighty-eight you was a ballerina I got your pictures I seen ya Then you dropped "Shook Ones," switch your demeanor Well - we don't believe you, you need more people Roc-A-Fella, students of the game, we passed the classes Nobody can read you dudes like we do Don't let 'em gas you like Jigga is ass and won't clap you Trust me on this one - I'll detach you Mind from spirit, body from soul They'll have to hold a mass, put your body in a hole No, you're not on my level get your brakes tweaked I sold what ya whole album sold in my first week You guys don't want it with Hov' Ask Nas, he don't want it with Hov', nooooo! R.O.C., we runnin this rap shit B. Sigel, we runnin this rap shit M-Easy, we runnin this rap shit Get zipped up in plastic when it happens that's it O & Sparks, we runnin this rap shit Freeway, we run this rap shit Chris & Neef, we runnin this rap shit {*"Watch out!! We run New York" -> KRS-One*} I know you missin all the - FAAAAAAAME! But along with celebrity comes bout seventy shots to your frame Nigga; you a - LAAAAAAAME! Youse the fag model for Karl Kani/Esco ads Went from, Nasty Nas to Esco's trash Had a spark when you started but now you're just garbage Fell from top ten to not mentioned at all to your bodyguard's "Oochie Wally" verse better than yours Matter fact you had the worst flow on the whole fuckin song but I know - the sun don't shine, then son don't shine That's why your - LAAAAAAAME! - career come to a end There's only so long fake thugs can pretend Nigga; you ain't live it you witnessed it from your folks pad You scribbled in your notepad and created your life I showed you your first tec on tour with Large Professor (Me, that's who!) Then I heard your album bout your tec on the dresser So yeah I sampled your voice, you was usin it wrong You made it a hot line, I made it a hot song And you ain't get a coin nigga you was gettin fucked and I know who I paid God, Serchlite Publishing Use your - BRAAAAAAAIN! You said you been in this ten I've been in it five - smarten up Nas Four albums in ten years nigga? I can divide That's one every let's say two, two of them shits was due One was - NAHHH, the other was "Illmatic" That's a one hot album every ten year average And that's so - LAAAAAAAME! Nigga switch up your flow Your shit is garbage, but you try and kick knowledge? (Get the fuck outta here) You niggaz gon' learn to respect the king Don't be the next contestant on that Summer Jam screen Because you know who (who) did you know what (what) with you know who (yeah) but just keep that between me and you for now R.O.C., we runnin this rap shit M-Easy, we runnin this rap shit The Broad Street Bully, we runnin this rap shit Get zipped up in plastic when it happens that's it Freeway, we run this rap shit O & Sparks, we runnin this rap shit Chris & Neef, we runnin this rap shit {*"Watch out!! We run New York" -> KRS-One*} A wise man told me don't argue with fools Cause people from a distance can't tell who is who So stop with that childish shit, nigga I'm grown Please leave it alone - don't throw rocks at the throne Do not bark up that tree, that tree will fall on you I don't know why your advisors ain't forewarn you Please, not Jay, he's, not for play I don't slack a minute, all that thug rappin and gimmicks I will end it, all that yappin be finished You are not deep, you made your bed now sleep Don't make me expose you to them folks that don't know you Nigga I know you well, all the stolen jew-els Twinkletoes you breakin my heart You can't fuck with me - go play somewhere, I'm busy And all you other cats throwin shots at Jigga You only get half a bar - fuck y'all niggaz The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint Song: Izzo (H.O.V.A.) Typed by: deephunk@aol.com Ladies and gentlemen let's put our hands together for the astonishing (*girls singing*) H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A... [Jay-Z] Welcome ladies and gentlemen to the 8th wonder of the world The flow of the century.. oh it's timeless.. HOV'! Thanks for comin out tonight You coulda been anywhere in the world, but you're here with me I appreciate that.. uuunnnh.. H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A Fo' shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA Was hurtin 'em in the home of the Terrapins; got it dirt cheap for them Plus if they was short with cheese I would work with them Brought in weed, got rid of that dirt for them Wasn't born hustlers, I was birthin 'em H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A Fo' sheezy my neezy keep my arms so freezy Can't leave rap alone the game needs me Haters want me clapped and chromed it ain't easy Cops wanna knock me, D.A. wanna box me in But somehow, I beat them charges like Rocky H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A Not guilty, he who does not feel me is not real to me, therefore he doesn't exist So poof -- vamoose, son of a bitch!  H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A Fo' shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA  H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A That's the anthem get'cha damn hands up  H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A Not guilty y'all got to feel me  H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A That's the anthem get'cha damn hands UP! [Jay-Z] Holla at me... I do this for my culture To let 'em know what a nigga look like, when a nigga in a roaster Show 'em how to move in a room full of vultures Industry shady it need to be taken over Label owners hate me I'm raisin the status quo up I'm overchargin niggaz for what they did to the Cold Crush Pay us like you owe us for all the years that you hoed us We can talk, but money talks so talk mo' bucks [Jay-Z] Yeah... Hov' is back, life stories told through rap Niggaz actin like I sold you crack Like I told you sell drugs; no, Hov' did that so hopefully you won't have to go through that I was raised in the pro-jects, roaches and rats Smokers out back, sellin they mama's sofa Lookouts on the corner, focused on the ave Ladies in the window, focused on the kinfolk Me under a lamp post, why I got my hand closed? Cracks in my palm, watchin the long arm of the law So you know I seen it all before I seen hoop dreams deflate like a true fiend's weight To try and to fail, the two things I hate Succeed in this rap game, the two things that's great H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A What else can I say about dude, I gets bu-sy (*girls singing*) H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A... (*repeat 4X to fade*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Biz Markie, Slick Rick, Q-Tip Album: The Blueprint Song: Girls, Girls, Girls Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Course I love you.. I love all y'all Hehehe, hehehe, f'real [Biz] I love girls, girls, girls, girls   Girls, I do adore [Jay] Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya   Holla at ya when I come off tour, yeah [Jay-Z] I got this Spanish chica, she don't like me to roam So she call me cabron plus marricon Said she likes to cook rice so she likes me home I'm like, "Un momento" - mami, slow up your tempo I got this black chick, she don't know how to act Always talkin out her neck, makin her fingers snap She like, "Listen Jigga Man, I don't care if you rap You better - R-E-S-P-E-C-T me" I got this French chick that love to french kiss She thinks she's Bo Derek, wear her hair in a twist _Ma cherie amore, tu es belle_ Merci, you fine as fuck but you givin me hell I got this indian squaw the day that I met her Asked her what tribe she with, red dot or feather She said all you need to know is I'm not a ho And to get with me you better be Chief Lots-a-Dough Now that's Spanish chick, French chick, indian and black That's fried chicken, curry chicken, damn I'm gettin fat Arroz con pollo, french fries and crepe An appetitite for destruction but I scrape the plate I love [Tip] Girls, girls, girls, girls (uh-huh)   Girls, I do adore [Jay] Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya   Holla at ya when I come off tour [Tip] I love girls, girls, girls, girls   Girls all over the globe [Jay] I come scoop you in that Coupe, sittin on deuce-zeroes   Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll - c'mon [Jay-Z] I got this young chick, she so immature She like, "Why you don't buy me Reeboks no more?" Like to show out in public, throw tantrums on the floor Gotta toss a couple dollars, just to shut up her holla Got a project chick, that plays her part And if it goes down y'all that's my heart Baby girl so thorough she been with me from the start Hid my drugs from the NARCs, hid my guns by the parts I got this model chick that don't cook or clean But she dress her ass off and her walk is mean Only thing wrong with ma she's always on the scene God damn she's fine but she parties all the time I get frequent flier mileage from my stewardess chick She look right in that tight blue dress, she's thick She gives me extra pillows and seat back love So I had to introduce her to the Mile High Club Now that's young chick, stewardess, project and model That means I fly rough early, plus I know Tae-bo That means I'm new school, pop pills and stay in beef But I never have a problem with my first class seat I love [Rick] Girls, girls, girls, girls   Girls, I do adore [Jay] Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya   Holla at ya when I come off tour [Rick] I love girls, girls, girls, girls   Girls all over the globe [Jay] I come scoop you in that Coupe, sittin on deuce-zeroes   Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll [Jay-Z] I got this paranoid chick, she's scared to come to the house A hypochondriac who says ouch before I whip it out Got a chick from Peru, that sniff Peru She got a cousin at customs that get shit through Got this weedhead chick, she always catch me doin shit Crazy girl wanna leave me but she always forgets Got this Chinese chick, had to leave her quick' Cause she kept bootleggin my shit - man I got this African chick with Eddie Murphy on her skull She like, "Jigga Man, why you treat me like animal?" I'm like excuse me Ms. Fufu, but when I met your ass you was dead broke and naked, and now you want half I got this ho that after twelve million sold Mami's a narcoleptic, always sleepin on Hov' Gotta tie the back of her head like Deuce Bigalow I got so many girls across the globe.. [Biz] I love girls, girls, girls, girls   Girls, I do adore [Jay] Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya   Holla at ya when I come off tour [Tip] I love girls, girls, girls, girls   Girls all over the globe [Jay] I come scoop you in that Coupe, sittin on deuce-zeroes   Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll [Rick] I love girls, girls, girls, girls   Girls, I do adore [Jay] Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya   Holla at ya when I come off tour [Jay] I love girls, girls, girls, girls Girls, girls.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint Song: Jigga That Nigga Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Roc-A-Fella y'all [Jay] It's the Roc! Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga [Jay] R.O., R.O.C. niggaz, R.O. Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga [Jay] Hov'! R.O.C. niggaz, R.O., whoo! Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga [Jay] It's Hov'! R.O.C. niggaz Jay-Z.. [Jay-Z] Come on the track duh duh da-da With a throwback jersey and a fitted Might blow a bag of hershey in the sidd-ix Or might take sips of army with a chidd-ick, I'm so sick widdit Lampin in the Hamptons, the weekends man The Stan Smith Adidas and the Campers Or playin guts on the cruise, Hermes bow shoes The Izod bucket on I'm so old school Yellow wrist watch, Gucci flip flops Six top model chicks, who is this hot? J-A, ladies help me say it now Y-Z, mami why you playin with me? Ride with me, get high as me It's how it's supposed to be, when you rollin with G's, Hov'! Back up in this bitch like whoa Jigga get this whole bitch jumpin like six-fo's (Hov'!) V is I, and I am him (Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!) Slim with the tilted brim on twenty inch rims (Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!) And if y'all got love for me I got love for y'all (Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!) And if y'all go to war for me I go to war wit y'all (Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!) [Jay-Z] Hov'! And so I breeze through, jeans is Evisu She's respondin, top of C. Bronson We in Luan (whoo!) gettin our groove on Buyin out the bar, on our way to Spa' She never seen a hundred on the wrist before Never seen twenty-two's on the 6 before I am, killin 'em out there, they needin first aid Cause the boy got more 6's than first grade The crib got, killer views and square feet You have to film MTV Cribs for a week So, sleep if you need to, mami I will leave you Right where you stand, nah I don't wanna dance (I'm good) I just wanna see what's in your Frankie B pants Waist is low enough to let your waist show Top like a rock star, I got a fast car We can cruise the city, doin a buck-sixty [Jay-Z] "He did it again!" Haters no like But they gotta fuck with it cause the flow's so tight Gnarly dude! I puff Bob Marley dude All day, like Rastafari's do Now I'm stuck to the point I could hardly move You fuckin up my high, don't bother me dude But Red Rover, send your hoes over She can do WHATEVER, sip somethin with soda She can leave WHENEVER, sip somethin with Hova We can play HOWEVER, slay bed or sofa And the prognosis, sex is explosive Left her with wet bedsheets, nigga I'm focused [Jay-Z] R.O., R.O.C. niggaz.. R.O.C. niggaz (Roc-A-Fella y'all!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint Song: U Don't Know Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Turn my music high, high, high, high-er {*"You don't know.. what you're doing, doing, doing, doing.."*} Sure I do.. I'm from the streets where the hood could swallow a man, bullets'll follow a man There's so much coke that you could run the slalom And cops comb the shit top to bottom They say that we are prone to violence, but it's home sweet home Where personalities clash and chrome meets chrome The coke prices up and down like it's Wall Street homes But this is worse than the Dow Jones your brains are now blown all over that brown Brougham, one slip you are now gone Welcome to hell where you are welcome to sell But when them shells come you better return 'em All scars we earn 'em, all cars we learn 'em like the back of our hand We watch for cops hoppin out the back of van Wear a G on my chest, I don't need Dapper Dan This ain't a sewn outfit homes, homes is about it Was clappin them flamers before I became famous For playin me y'all shall forever remain nameless I am Hov' Sure I do, I tell you the difference between me and them They tryin to get they ones, I'm tryin to get them M's One million, two million, three million, four In just five years, forty million more You are now lookin at the forty million boy I'm rapin Def Jam 'til I'm the hundred million man R., O., C. {*"You don't know.. what you're doing, doing, doing, doing.."*} That's where you're wrong I came into this motherfucker a hundred grand strong Nine to be exact, from grindin G-packs Put this shit in motion ain't no rewindin me back Could make 40 off a brick but one rhyme could beat that And if somebody woulda told 'em that Hov' would sell clothin Heh, not in this lifetime, wasn't in my right mind That's another difference that's between me and them Heh, I'm smarten up, open the market up One million, two million, three million, four In eighteen months, eighty million more Now add that number up with the one I said before You are now lookin at one smart black boy Momma ain't raised no fool Put me anywhere on God's green earth, I'll triple my worth Motherfucker - I, will, not, lose {*"You don't know.. what you're doing, doing, doing, doing.."*} Put somethin on it I sell ice in the winter, I sell fire in hell I am a hustler baby, I'll sell water to a well I was born to get cake, move on and switch states Cop the Coupe with the roof gone and switch plates Was born to dictate, never follow orders Dickface, get your shit straight, fucka this is Big Jay I.. hahahaha.. {*"You don't know.. what you're doing, doing, doing, doing.."*} .. will, not, lose, ever.. FUCKA! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint Song: Hola' Hovito Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] (J) uhh (A) uh-uh (Y) uh uh-uh Ah ch-ch ah, ch-ah, ah uh-uh Ah ch-ch ah, ch-ah, ah uh-uh It's that hop I'm talkin bout right here Timbo! I can't be stopped when it hop like this family, uhh! (Uno, dos, tres, cuatro!) They say hola' hovito That's what they sayin when I roll up with my people My music bangin like - them vatos locos got rap in a chokehold And I won't surrender it with, beats by Timbaland Calle-te la boca, my baby All I wanna, do is, stroke ya all crazy My, dick game is vicious, insane at bitches Mami keep comin back cause mami came vicious Catch Hov' in the drop, nasty thang lane switchin Once you turn your neck for a sec your dame's missin Bujando, bujando, the cops is comin Got that rap patrol behind yo, get to runnin I'm unstoppable Hov', untoppable flows I'm the compadre, the Sinatra of my day Ol' Blue Eyes my nigga, I did it my way If y'all not rollin with Hov' then hit the highway [Chorus] * (Hola' hovito!) Yeah, yeah (Hola' hovito!) Yeah that's what they sayin when that music get to bangin Put it down for my PEO-PLE! (Hola' hovito! Hola' hovito!) Yeah that's what they sayin when that music get to bangin Put it down for my PEO-PLE! * an extra "yeah" before the 5th line first time, 2nd line second,  and the 5th line the third time [Jay-Z] Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah naw I don't fuck around, stay on my J.O. Hov' been about that dough since I was a day old Oh, push perrico if I need to for the rule of evil Was born in the belly that's the way the streets breed you One life to live - notice you get no sequel So I truly got to live this like my last movie Six oohie, jewels drippin, big toolie I ball for real, y'all niggaz is Sam Bowie And with the third pick - I made the earth sick M.J., hem Jay, fade away perfect I rhyme sicker than every rhyme spitter Every crime nigga that rhyme or touch a mic because my mind's quicker I'm a eighty-eighter, nine-six to "Reasonable Doubt" Temper short, don't take much to squeeze you out Yeah you shinin but the only thing you're leavin out You're a candle in the sun - that shit don't even out [Jay-Z] Hold up; naw muh'fuckers - y'all muh'fuckers better run to the post office and get a job muh'fuckers or starve muh'fuckers, cause Jay's been the only one eatin thus far sub-par muh'fuckers Naw even though y'all hate I love y'all muh'fuckers "Friend or Foe," y'all all my muh'fuckers If you haven't heard, I'm Michael Magic and Bird all rolled in one - cause none got more flows than Young Plus got more flows to come And if I ain't better than Big, I'm the closest one So move over - hoes, choose Hova My food for though so hot it give you dudes ulcers Rovers, roasters, poseurs gettin it in with me, livin like they supposed tah Watches, chain, front row at the game Sold out arena, all screamin my name, c'mon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint Song: Heart of the City (Ain't No Love) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Uh, uhh, listen First the Fat Boys break up, now every day I wake up Somebody got a problem with Hov' Whassup y'all niggaz all fed up cause I got a little cheddar and my records movin out the sto'? Young fucks spittin at me, young rappers gettin at me My nigga Big predicted the shit exactly "Mo' Money, Mo' Problems" - gotta move carefully Cause faggots hate when you gettin money like athletes Yung'uns ice-grillin me, ohh - you not feelin me? Fine; it cost you nothin - pay me no mind Look, I'm on my grind cousin, ain't got time for frontin Sensitive thugs, y'all all need hugs Damn though mans I'm just tryin do me If the record's two mill' I'm just tryin move three Get a couple of chicks, get 'em to try to do E Hopefully they'll menage before I reach my garage I don't want much, fuck I drove every car Some nice cooked food, some nice clean drawers Bird-ass niggaz I don't mean to ruffle y'all I know you waitin in the wing but I'm doin my thing Where's the love? "Ain't no love, in the heart of the city.." I said where's the love? "Ain't no love, in the heart of town.." Yeah.. And then the Fugees gon' break up, now everyday I wake up Somebody got somethin to say What's all the fuckin fussin for? Because I'm grubbin more and I pack heat like I'm the oven door? Niggaz pray and pray on my downfall But everytime I hit the ground I bounce up like roundball Now I don't wanna have to kill sound bar Don't wanna have to cock back the four pound bar Look scrapper I got nephews to look after I'm not lookin at you dudes, I'm lookin past ya I thought I told you characters I'm not a rapper Can I live? I told you in ninety-six that I came to take this shit and I did, handle my biz I scramble like Randall with his Cunning-ham but the only thing runnin is numbers fam Jigga held you down six summers; damn, where's the love? "Ain't no love, in the heart of the city.." Niggaz, where's the love? "Ain't no love, in the heart of town.." Holla at me!! "Ain't no love" (take 'em to church) "in the heart of the city.." Uh, uh, uh - my nigga where's the love? "Ain't no love, in the heart of town.." Fuck Then Richard Pryor go and burn up, and Ike and Tina Turner break up Then I wake up to more bullshit You knew me before records, you never disrespected me Now that I'm successful you'll pull this shit Nigga I'll step on your porch, step to your boss Let's end the speculation, I'm talkin to alla y'all Males shouldn't be jealous that's a female trait Whatchu mad cause you push dimes and he sell weight? Y'all don't know my expenses, I gotta buy a bigger place Hehehe, and more baggies, why you all aggie? Nigga respect the game, that should be it What you eat don't make me shit - where's the love? Where's the love? "Ain't no love, in the heart of the city.." "Ain't no love, in the heart of town.." "Ain't no love, in the heart of the city.." "Ain't no love, in the heart of town.." "Ain't no love, in the heart of the city.." "Ain't no love, in the heart of town.." "Ain't no love.." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Geda K Album: The Blueprint Song: Never Change Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash  {*"Never, never, never, never change"*} Ain't never changed, this is Jay every day  {*"I never change!"*} I never change, this is Jay every day  {*"I never change!"*} I never change, this is Jay [Jay-Z] I am a, Roc representer Hov', summer to winter, Hov', dead or alive Twenty-four/seven, three-sixty-five One CD or three-hundred and sixty pies Whassup to E and Kirk? Welcome home to Taj Let no amount of money ruin this thing of ours We run streets like drunks run street lights We collidin with life as we speak We knee deep in coke, we ki deep in ice We flood streets with dope, we keep weed to smoke We all fish, better teach your folk Give him money to eat, then next week he's broke Cause when you sleep, he's reachin for your throat Word on the skreet, you reap what you sew Not out of fear but love, love for the game Roc family first, we never change mayn  {*"Never, never, never, never change"*} [K] I'm still fuckin with crime cause crime pays  {*"I never change!"*} [K] Out hustlin, same clothes for days  {*"I never change!"*} [K] I never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I never change [J] Who you know like Hov'?  {*"Never, never, never, never change"*} [K] I'm still fuckin with crime cause crime pays  {*"I never change!"*} [K] Out hustlin, same clothes for days  {*"I never change!"*} [K] I never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I never change [Jay-Z] What's up to my Miami and St. Thomas connects (whattup) I'll never mention your name, I promise respect Death before dishonor correct? - Yup That's what you promised me, since the (?)lee Along with, if we stay strong We can get paper longer than Pippen's arms Plead the fifth when it comes to the fam I'm like a dog - I never speak, but I understand Where my dogs at? Where my soldiers at war? Where your bars at? Whoa, gotta pause that - whoa Lost 92 bricks had to fall back Knocked a nigga off his feet, but I crawled back Had A-1 credit, got more crack From the first to the fifth, gave it all back If, I'm not a hustler what you call that? This is before rap, this is all fact I never change [Jay-Z] What, the streets robbed me, wasn't educated properly Well fuck y'all, I needed money for Atari Was so young my big sis' still playin with Barbie Young brother, big city, eight million stories Old heads taught me, yung'un, walk softly Carry a big clip, that'll get niggaz off me Keep coke in coffee, keep money smellin mothy Change is cool to cop but more important is lawyer fees (Uhh) That's how it is now (uhh) that's how it always be (Uhh) I never change, this is always me From the womb to the tomb, from now until my doom Drink army from one cup pass it around the room (That's a family nigga) That's the ritual (yup) Big Ran, I ain't forget you fool And all that bullshit you tryin to get through This is crew love, move music or move drugs Rival crews get your black suits up - I never change [Jay-Z] This is Jay, everyday Who you know like Hov', nigga? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint Song: Song Cry Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash The most incredible baby Uhh - mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm Yeah, yeah.. uhh I can't see 'em comin down my eyes So I gotta make the song cry I can't see 'em comin down my eyes So I gotta make the song cry [Jay-Z] Good dudes - I know you love me like cooked food Even though a nigga got move like a crook move We was together on the block since free lunch We shoulda been together havin 4 Seasons brunch We used to use umbrellas to face the bad weather So now we travel first class to change the forecast Never in bunches, just me and you I loved your point of view cause you held no punches Still I left you for months on end It's been months since I checked back in Well somewhere in a small town, somewhere lockin a mall down Woodgrain, four and change, Armor All'd down I can understand why you want a divorce now Though I can't let you know it, pride won't let me show it Pretend to be heroic, that's just one to grow with But deep inside a nigga so sick I can't see 'em comin down my eyes So I gotta make the song cry I can't see 'em comin down my eyes So I gotta let the song cry I can't see it comin down my eyes So I gotta make the song cry I can't see it comin down my eyes So I gotta make the song cry [Jay-Z] On repeat, the CD of Big's "Me and My Bitch" Watchin Bonnie and Clyde, pretendin to be that shit Empty gun in your hand sayin, "Let me see that clip" Shoppin sprees, pull out your Visa quick A nigga had very bad credit, you helped me lease that whip You helped me get the keys to that V dot 6 We was so happy poor but when we got rich That's when our signals got crossed, and we got flipped Rather mine, I don't know what made me leave that shit Made me speed that quick, let me see - that's it It was the cheese helped them bitches get amnesia quick I used to cut up they buddies, now they sayin they love me Used to tell they friends I was ugly and wouldn't touch me Then I showed up in that dubbed out buggy And then they got fussy and they don't remember that And I don't remember you.. I can't see it comin down my eyes So I gotta make the song cry I can't see it comin down my eyes So I gotta make the song cry Yeah I seen 'em comin down your eyes But I gotta make the song cry I can't see it comin down my eyes So I gotta make the song cry [Jay-Z] A face of stone, was shocked on the other end of the phone Word back home is that you had a special friend So what was oh so special then? You have given away without gettin at me That's your fault, how many times you forgiven me? How was I to know that you was plain sick of me? I know the way a nigga livin was whack But you don't get a nigga back like that! Shit I'm a man with pride, you don't do shit like that You don't just pick up and leave and leave me sick like that You don't throw away what we had, just like that I was just fuckin them girls, I was gon' get right back They say you can't turn a bad girl good But once a good girl's goin bad, she's gone forever.. And more forever Shit I gotta live with the fact I did you wrong forever I can't see 'em comin down my eyes So I gotta make the song cry I can't see 'em comin down my eyes So I gotta let the song cry I know I seen 'em comin down your eyes But I gotta make the song cry I can't see 'em comin down my eyes So I gotta make the song cry [Jay-Z] It's fucked up girl.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint Song: All I Need Typed by: deephunk@aol.com It's the Roc! Wooo! My gear is right... (check) My bucket is low... (check) My Rocawear is fittin' incredible... Fuck it... I guess I got my swagger back Mama that said I killed her man Well I guess I got the dagger back It's the Roc bastards we are BACK! In the heezy Jiggaman, B. Sieg to M-Easy (what up fam?) Oskino and Sparks and Freeweezy (holla!) Mickey, Mallory, Chris and Neef, hey! All I need is the love of my crew The whole industry can hate me I thugged my way through And all...I...need is a chick to hold a jimmy like Meth and Mary, like, Marvin and Tammi, unnnh... Now understands we can't be stopped From blowin' Swisher Sweets outta candy drops Like we underground kings, ridin' dirty A nigga been focused since I said hi to 30 (what up?) Young niggas ya'll can't hurt me Better watch and observe me And learn how to earn better, I burn cheddar I set fire to your empire I blow smoke in your face, burn rubber off the rim tires Yes I-ah...Jay I-ah... Double G-A livewire nigga holla back CHORUS All I need... Rocawear... (check) Nike Airs... (check) Mean bucket... (uh huh) Armadale in the club couple o' duckets (yeah) Couple chicks by my side, let's ride All I need... That new coupe (got that) A doo-rag and a pocket full o' loot (got those) A sunny day some chicks that wanna play And I'll be on my way C'mon...now... All I need in this world o' sin Is me and my girlfriend! (ha ha) I got a little two-two I call 'er Peggy Sue When I'm off in the club she fit right in my shoe (wooo!) Gotta switch her to my waist, just in case (uh huh) A clown wan' flip gotta reach for my bitch Wanna act out a movie I could give you a clip (buk!) But no adlibbin' nigga stick to the script Now all...I...need is a high-priced lawyer Cuz it's foul ways nowadays everybody saw you And they comin' to court too, I thought you knew Can't even steal on a nigga muhfuckas'll sue In this time and age, cuz real muhfuckas'll do When I'm surrounded by squeal muhfuckas like you But real niggas don't fret cuz the number one crew? R to the O to the C comin' true CHORUS Listen... The cream too long, my team too strong Bleek is too hot, Beans is gone Ya'll niggas in the crosshair, the beams is on (see ya'll) Ya'll whole block deserted, ya'll fiends are gone (bye bye!) The whole Roc is jumpin', we reached our zenith Got fiends throwin' up on themself like Willy Beaman (*giggle*) Any given Sunday gunplay's optional However niggas want it like Soul II Soul (however do you waaaaant it) Whoever got hops get blocked go to the hole Dikembe Mutumbo of this rap shit Plus the jab is sick, and its Zab quick Left hand'll lean 'em like a little past six Now run along wit'cha little ass hits Read my rap sheet nigga, THREE CLASSICS Shut ya bumba' got A-Rod numbers All you muddaskunks get buried in the trunk When I blast the pump, I leave you relaxed In the hospital lookin' at M*A*S*H for months Then I dumps dough on the D.A. desk And I flee scotch free and pee pee on the steps... We've got no respect No law or governin' why you fuckin' wit' him? Matta'fact, why you fuckin' wit' them? All ya'll need is the R-O-C baby CHORUS Listen... (All I need) Rocafella Records... Freeway... Oskino and Sparks... Chris & Neef (All I need) Mickey and Mallory... Broad Street Bully... M-Extra Money, ha... YOUNG! (All I need) H to the izzo... CLUE! Rell... Uh huh...yeah, yeah... (All I need) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Eminem Album: The Blueprint Song: Renagade Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Motherfuckers - say that I'm foolish I only talk about jewels (bling bling) Do you fools listen to music or do you just skim through it? See I'm influenced by the ghetto you ruined That same dude you gave nothin, I made somethin doin what I do through and through and I give you the news - with a twist it's just his ghetto point-of-view The renegade; you been afraid I penetrate pop culture, bring 'em a lot closer to the block where they pop toasters, and they live with they moms Got dropped roasters, from botched robberies niggaz crotched over Mommy's knocked up cause she wasn't watched over Knocked down by some clown when child support knocked No he's not around - now how that sound to ya, jot it down I bring it through the ghetto without ridin 'round hidin down duckin strays from frustrated youths stuck in they ways Just read a magazine that fucked up my day How you rate music that thugs with nothin relate to it? I help them see they way through it - not you Can't step in my pants, can't walk in my shoes Bet everything you worth; you lose your tie and your shirt [Eminem] Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen I ain't no politician but I'll kick it with 'em a minute Cause see they call me a menace; and if the shoe fits I'll wear it But if it don't, then y'all'll swallow the truth grin and bear it Now who's these king of these rude ludicrous lucrative lyrics Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics Usin his music to steer it, sharin his views and his merits But there's a huge interference - they're sayin you shouldn't hear it Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish But I'm debated disputed hated and viewed in America as a motherfuckin drug addict - like you didn't experiment? Now now, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror and see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrased And I got nothin to do but make you look stupid as parents You fuckin do-gooders - too bad you couldn't do good at marriage! (Ha ha!) And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here I don't think you do so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo Cause here we go - he's {*Jigga joint Jigga-chk-Jigga*} And I'm the sinister, Mr. Kiss-My-Ass it's just the [Chorus: Eminem + Jay-Z] [Em] RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say what's on my mind at, any given time of day Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING), RENEGADE! [Jay] Never been afraid to say what's on my mind at, any given time of day Cause I'm a {RENEGADE} Never been afraid to holler about anything {anything?} Anything {ANYTHING!} [Jay-Z] I had to hustle, my back to the wall, ashy knuckles Pockets filled with a lot of lint, not a cent Gotta vent, lot of innocent of lives lost on the project bench Whatchu hollerin? Gotta pay rent, bring dollars in By the bodega, iron under my coat, feelin braver Doo-rag wrappin my waves up, pockets full of hope Do not step to me - I'm awkward, I box leftier often My pops left me an orphan, my momma wasn't home Could not stress to me I wasn't grown; 'specially on nights I brought somethin home to quiet the stomach rumblings My demeanor - thirty years my senior My childhood didn't mean much, only raisin green up Raisin my fingers to critics; raisin my head to the sky Big I did it - multi before I die (nigga) No lie, just know I chose my own fate I drove by the fork in the road and went straight [Eminem] See I'm a poet to some, a regular modern day Shakespeare Jesus Christ the King of these Latter Day Saints here To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me as a monger of hate and Satan a scatter-brained atheist But that ain't the case, see it's a matter of taste We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is Or is he the latter - a gateway to escape? Media scapegoat, who they can be mad at today See it's easy as cake, simple as whistlin Dixie while I'm wavin the pistol at sixty Christians against me Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics in holy water - no wonder they try to hold me under longer I'm a motherfuckin spiteful, DELIGHTFUL eyeful The new Ice Cube - motherfuckers HATE to like you What did I do? (huh?) I'm just a kid from the gutter makin this butter off these bloodsuckers, cause I'm a muh'fuckin [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint Song: Blueprint (Momma Loves Me) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah, yeah.. Uhh, right, right, right Right, right, right, right Uhh uhh uhh, feel me now, listen Momma loved me, pop left me Mickey fed me, Annie dressed me Eric fought me, made me tougher Love you for that my nigga no matter what brah Marcy raised me; and whether right or wrong Streets gave me all I write in the song Hootie babysitted, changed my diapers Gil introduced me to the game that changed my life up East Trenton grew me, had me skippin school Valencia's boyfriend Vovo had me makin moves Momma raised me, pop I miss you God help me forgive him I got some issues Mickey cleaned my ears, Annie shampooed my hair Eric was fly - shit, I used to steal his gear I was the baby boy, I could do no wrong Yeah it's goin past fast - let's move along Kitchen table - that's where I honed my skills Jaz made me believe the shit was real Labels turned me down, couldn't foresee Clark sought me out, Dame believed Primo laced me, Ski did too "Reasonable Doubt" - classic, shoulda went triple Momma loved me, pop left me Grandma dressed me, plus she fed me banana puddin, what's in the hood then Puffin on L's, drinkin pink champelle Ty rolled with a nigga, V.A. spot Tone, Mike 'Zo and them niggaz, V.A.'s locked Biggs fucked with a nigga, whassup Hoff'? B-High hated the fact I put rap to the back Money pourin in, clientele growin now Birth of my first nephew, time to slow it down October 21st, Lavelle came to the world Followed by three more boys and then a baby girl Momma loved me, T.T. Uncle Jay loves you to death won't let no trouble come your way Oh, can't forget my man down in Maryland He's gone 'til November, how can I not remember? Tell your moms I'm there for her and Tiembra And your son too - there's nothin I won't do Unless you was me, how could you judge me? I was brought up in pain, y'all can't touch me Police pursued me, chased cuffed and subdued me Talked to me rudely; cause I'm young rich and I'm black and live in a movie, not livin by rules New rap patrollin the city, follow my crews Bleek you're still with me - nigga what did I say? The time is comin; you one hit away Beans I ain't tryin to change you - just give you some game to make the transition, from the street to the fame My momma loves me.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint Song: Breathe Easy (Lyrical Exercise) Typed by: paddenanfernee@aol.com (talking) So I had to memorize these rhymes until I got home Ya understand? Once you memorize a sentence It's like an exercise (echoes) *heavy breathing* (talking) Ya niggas can't be serious right now I'm the all time heavy weight champion of flowers I'm leading the league in at least six statistical categories right now Best flow, Most consistent, Realest stories Most charisma, I set the most trends And my interviews are hotter Holla I jog in the graveyard Spar in the same ring Now it's house by the building Where Malcolm X was slain I spring train in the winter Round early December Run suicide drills over and over With the weight of the world on my shoulder That's why they call me "Hova" I'm far from being God But I work goddamn hard I wake up the birds who in the nerves is sleep I'm catching my second wind the second the first one end I am "focused man" And I'm not afraid of death And I'm going all out I circle the vultures in a van and I run the block (run) Pull up in a drop (pull up) Push up on my money (push up) I'm in great shape dunny I keep jacks jumping thirty six sets Like a personal trainer I teach coke to stretch I pump and rock sweats All white trainers The ghettoes, Billy Blanks I show you niggas what pain is Maintain your stamina Hov will damage ya Spot you two rhymes y'all niggas is amateurs The fifth A dead lift if Niggas don't want to get shot then y'all niggas better squat I drop your set for rep No need to hit the showers The spit from the fifth leave you wet Lyrical exercise (hard breathing) Y'all niggas ain't tired right? (Chorus 4X) One, One Two, Two Three, Three Four, Breathe Easy Suckers Get your weight up Not your hate up Jigga man is diesel When I lift the eight up Y'all ain't ready to workout with the boy Your flow is brain on drugs Mines is rap on steroids I lift every voice when I sing My ability Make yours look like an exercise in futility Bring your squad Biceps, Triceps, and Quads We don't struggle with undeveloped muscles Y'all ain't real That's y'all Achilles Heel Same routine when you see me you know the drill I spot ya I lift the weight of the watch off your arm Remain nice and calm Put down your things Trinidad of the game know my way around your ring No matter how many pounds you bring It sounds like the same old thing R-O-C is the strongest team (Chorus 4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint Song: Girls, Girls, Girls (Remix) Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com "I'm not a one girl's guy... [real talk for ya, peep game] And they know it, when it comes to love I don't lie [we don't lie man] and the girls respect me for it [you gotta respect that] Ain't gonna say my nose can't be open [I may never say never] But right now it's just too many fine ladies out there to choose one from [too many ladies, ha] I'm tryin' girls out, just tryin' girls out HOOK: I love girls, girls, girls, girls, girls I do adore Yo put your number on this paper cuz I would love to date ya Holla at ya when I come off tour [Verse 1] Whoo! Who you lovin, who you wanna be huggin, heh who you wit, who you wanna be fuckin got this smarty art chick to whom I pose this question I read a couple books to add to her soul's progression to put this in laymen's term, I gave her some knowledge she gave me, brains in return, she had to drop out of college knowin she does this homework, I give her in house tutoring in and out I'm movin through her student body union and she, call me professor, say daddy come and test her so she could fail on purpose and repeat the semester I'm like, at this rate ma you never graduate she said, I aint no fool I make it up in summer school HOOK: I love girls, girls, girls, girls, girls, I do adore Yo put your number on this paper cuz I would love to date ya Holla at ya when I come off tour Now let the people sing I'm tryin girls out, [just tryin girls out] just tryin girls out Yo put your number on this paper cuz I would love to date ya Holla at ya when I come off tour [Verse 2] Heh, who you lovin, who you wanna be fuckin who said what, why you trippin girl, why's you fussin? got this model slash actress slash part time waitress spend a whole day she hangin round with part time haters all they do is diss dirt and put a up on my latest itinerary, but since I tend to vary see I tend to carry, more rumors than ten Mariah Careys tend to hurries in ten places at once plus she can't front just peep how I run mines ma, our time together is our time together, and uh our time apart is our time apart so love Jay with your mind girl and not your heart and some day I slow down, but for now I get around like the late Makiavelli or Perelli twenty inches or caine and O-dog, stick up tape from menace you tell 'em chicks if they must know my buisness HOOK: I'm tryin girls out, just tryin girls out put your number on this paper cuz I would love to date ya holla at ya when I get off tour I'm tryin girls, girls, girls, girls, girls I do adore yo put your number on this paper cuz I would love to date ya holla at ya when I come off tour [Verse 3] I'm lookin for, southern girl that cook like Patti LaBelle big ghetto booty, scarf over doobie Chanell under the louie, Gucci over booty Vicki covered titties, attitude of the city pretty, witty, girly, whirly one who likes to party but come home early light kinda dark, short sorta tall slim, kinda thick I swear I love 'em all she can cook the coke and got hook up on the license but she can get you first class seats for coach prices isn't this great, my flight leaves at eight her flight lands at nine, my game just rewinds HOOK: I'm tryin girls out, just tryin girls out put your number on this paper cuz I would love to date ya holla at ya when I get off tour I'm tryin girls, girls, girls, girls, girls I do adore yo put your number on this paper cuz I would love to date ya holla at ya when I come off tour "I'm not a one girl's guy, and they know it when it comes to love, I don't lie, and the girls respect me for it aint gonna say my nose? can't be over, but right now it's just too many fine ladies out there to choose one from I'm tryin girls out, waiting patiently,  just tryin girls out, until I find the one for me" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly Album: The Best of Both Worlds Song: The Best of Both Worlds Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [J] Yeah, yeah, it's here niggaz! (wooo-WEEE!) [J] Rockland/Roc-A-Fella collaboration [R] What, what, what, what.. [J] Tone the Referee - the best of both worlds [R] Welcome to the best of both worlds [J] R. Kelly [R] Chi-Town [J] Let's just start frontin on 'em right away (c'mon Jay) [Jay-Z] I pull up with the big boy truck, nigga big boy drop We be the only big boys that the big boys watch Sing to 'em Kelly [R] Best of.. both worlds.. (rock for 'em Hov') [Jay-Z] The combination of Perry Mason and Larry Davis Martin and Malcolm, this is the bigger than the album R-ah [R] Oh yeah [R] The best of (best of both) both worlds - ohhhhHHH! [Jay-Z] I got a million on that boy singin whatever on the flow Y'all got cheddar to blow, whatever, let a nigga know Kel's [R] The best of.. [J] Back and forth, back and forth, let's do it [R] .. both worlds (rock for 'em Hov') [Jay-Z] It's not even close, just leave it alone I'm Michael Jordan, I play for the team I own Sing to 'em Kel' [R] The best of.. both worlds - ohhhhHHH! [Jay-Z] Young.. H - flow feared in fifty states Young.. Kel's - nigga the best of both worlds Holla [R] The best of.. [J] Just get gangsta with a nigga [R] .. both worlds [J] Just get gangsta with it (rock for 'em Hov') [Jay-Z] You can't possibly think you can stop this It's prophecy; plus I feel like the nigga Big watchin me Kel.. [R] Best of.. both worlds [J] Stop playin with these niggaz, talk to 'em! [R. Kelly] This is for my niggaz down bottom and them hustlers on twenty-two's Single parent mothers in the hood is who I'm talkin to I know it's rough in the ghetto but let me walk witchu Talk witchu, uh-huh, yeah-hea And for the ones who put you down and said you wouldn't make it But you still held your ground and came up out that basement In the memory of those that we lost, it's deicated We miss y'all, uh-huh, yeah-hea [Jay-Z] + (R. Kelly) This right here this whole album's.. in the memory of all our fallen soldiers (uh-huh) we lost along the way (ohhhhhoooh) knahmsayin, ghetto to ghetto City to city, worldwide, we got y'all, y'knahmean? (Ghetto America) This album right here represents strength (Ohhhh! Yeahhh) Strength in our people, understand it [Both] Cock-suckers can not touch us, the block love us We got the ghetto on our back muh'fuckers [R] The best of.. [J] Yeah, right [R] both worlds (rock for 'em Hov') [Jay-Z] We got this locked for two reasons: we from the hood plus we promised both our mommas that we would Kel - take 'em to church [R] The best of.. both worlds - ohhhhHHH! [Jay-Z] We mastered this, don't you know I eat +Ether+ and breathe acid, weak bastards We copped and we crash it Then we cop again cause we are classic Let me speak for ya R we "Scarface" re-enacted "The Godfather" trilogy re-casted But it's real like we grievin for Aaliyah with the masses But I hope my boy Dash get to see it when he passes I feel her soul when the Lee passes When the wind blows, it's almost like I see her in the Hamptons Even more reason to be up in them mansions Laid back, feet up in the hammock, I'ma live for ya Big too, 'til they put me in the grave I'ma floss 'til they toss me a Bed-Stuy parade 'Til Chi-Town make a nigga Mayor for a day In the memory of Joanne Kelly, let us pray [R] Both worlds... welcome to the best of both worlds The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly Album: The Best of Both Worlds Song: Take You Home With Me a.k.a. Body Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Uh, uhh uhh, Kel's Young, M, X, tra, money, let's go [Chorus 2X: R. Kelly] + (Girl) Girl you know you got a body-adi-adi (do you like it?) Where you get your little body-adi-adi (do you want it?) Girl I wanna freak your body-adi-adi (what you want it?) I just wanna take you home with me [Jay-Z] She get it from her momma.. You can't tie a sweater over that ass, or hide it in pajamas We lay back, blowin ganja DVD, she make it hard to watch a flat TV - WHOA I crept up behind her Mami threw it like a quarterback, I caught that like Rice I call mami Montana, bandana Tied her hands up - this is gangsta love Threw on a rap CD, we gangsta fucked This ain't R&B smooth, I ain't a R&B dude Poured a glass of Army, got mami in the mood Then she stripped for me like the "Moulin Rouge" I think I might wife her Y'know, powder blue Roc-a-Wear suit, white Nike her Add mami to the cypher R.O.C. for life cuz, the gang motherfucker [R. Kelly] I make ya hotter than the next bitch - no need for you to ever sweat the next bitch - with speed I make the next bitch see the exit - indeed Gotta know you're ver-ily respected - by me You get the keys to the Lexus - but no drive You get your own 2002, she through ridin Keep yo' ass tighter than Versace That's why you gotta watch yo' friends You gotta watch me, they connivin shit See I just wanna freak your body-adi-adi I know you don't do this for everybody-adi But everybody ain't as horny as me And your body's - callin, me... [Jay-Z] Uhh, yeah Mami shot through the pad with the Mark Jacobs bag The thick stitched seam and her favorite ass jeans Y'all know the first date wearers to make objects bigger than they appear like a rearview mirror Oh her shoe game is real She gave 'em the Christian Libountins(?) with the four inch heels But honestly my favorite type of gear is a scrungy for her hair and LaPearla underwear, clear? [R. Kelly] Girl I hear you callin, let's stop stallin Do what we came to do Girl I hear you callin, let's stop stallin Baby I want you, yeah (TrackMasters) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly Album: The Best of Both Worlds Song: Break Up to Make Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [R. Kelly] Mmmmm.. ohhhh, ohhhohhhhh Oooohhh.. ohhh no, mmmmm [Chorus: R. Kelly] + (Jay-Z) * You and me, havin sex After an argument, that shit's the best You and me, havin sex yeahh After an argument, that shit's the best (Think about it while the streets you roam  It's Dom P and Army in the fridge when you get home) * overlapping R's last line I storm in, she storm out It's like the "War of the Roses" goin on in my house It's a little seperation but I know how to fix the situation Mami just sufferin from love deprevation So I gotta give her thug reperations Put it in the life until love leg is shakin Slow and passionate, 'til we forget what happens Then we laughin and we back friends [Interlude: R. Kelly] You don't have to fuss and fight Why don't you just spend the night Baby let's just kiss and hug You know the words girl let's make up So much love to be made Instead of screamin, "Who's to blame?" Girl I don't wanna.. let you go, I need you so [Jay-Z] Girlfriend didn't believe me when I said I'd be back in a little Cause I had the Chris T on with the crease in the middle Plus a fresh cut and the freezin icicles on my wrist, on my hand, that's when shit hit the fan Said, "You never spend timey, what's up with that?" Translated it means [R] Hit it hard from the back Yeah she hid my car keys And forced me to fall asleep to her heartbeat [Interlude] [Chorus] w/o Jay-Z [R. Kelly] I don't want.. baby I don't want to fight I just wanna make it right (ooh yeah) Put out problems to the side Let's just make sweet love tonight (I don't want) Baby I don't want to fight I just wanna make it right (ohhhhh love) Put our problems to the side Let's just make sweet love tonight [Jay-Z] Sex so intense, all that's on my mind It ain't feel this good since the very first time I'm pullin her close, she's pullin away I'm tryin to kiss her mouth but she keeps turnin her face Cute sex game like our very first date We ain't know each other well enough, we had to wait But oh! I know just where your hot spot at You can not deny that, so do not try that I do not buy that.. [Chorus] w/o Jay-Z [Chorus] w/o Jay-Z {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly Album: The Best of Both Worlds Song: It Ain't Personal Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Man, they go and tell me like you never know who your true friends until you ah umm both got a little bit of money I mean cause y'all both broke then there's no strain on the relationship, y'all both broke And if you got money and he ain't got no paper He still needs you so you'll never know how he really feel about you When y'all both get some paper, you'll see [R. Kelly] + (Jay-Z) We used to get money together, phone honies together Pushin chromed out twinkies in custom coach leather You claim it's all love, but nigga it's whatever Cause this is business, it ain't personal Same dream, same team, same schemes (mm) We even sold to the same damn fiends (how real is dat?) Ain't no rules in this war for this green This is business, and it ain't personal [Jay-Z] Look, I'm a grown man dog And I ain't got time to be runnin behind y'all I know when I first started it was crazy to y'all "He's gon' start his own label, he'll never be able" Well, nigga you've been wrong before And you'll be wrong again if you bet against him We move through the hood like identical twins But it just so happen that a nigga made it rappin You showed your true colors, y'all niggaz stay yappin That don't stop him, a nigga weigh platinum Stop through the hood, to say what's happenin? (sup nigga) Fake hugz (uh-huh) fake whassup Fake love, fake fuck, fake thugs Gotta one myself for your fake shit, I raise up Hop in my wheels and I peel, streets are blazed up (uh-huh) About my bid'ness dog, y'all need to stay up - one [Chorus: R. Kelly] We used to get money together, phone honies together Pushin chromed out twinkies in custom coach leather You claim it's all love, but nigga it's whatever Cause this is business, it ain't personal Same dream, same team, same schemes We even sold to the same damn fiends Ain't no rules in this war for this green This is business, and it ain't personal [R. Kelly] I wish, I wish - that success, we could all get a piece of it (word) but that ain't real dog (no) Cause in these streets it's war, the industry much more But rich or poor, I'ma keep it real my nigga Invest in chips and watch my money hill get bigger And do things like, pull up to some clubs in the skirts with Jigga, and yellin out HEY! What the fuck, pop that Cris' my nigga And then he wants to know how many chips I done sold Well it ain't y'all business what's behind my doors But y'all niggaz don't appreciate shit Helped you out and you still actin like a little bitch Then you wonder why I put yo' ass in the tenth row when you asked me for some tickets to my TP-2 show Lawwwwwwd tell me, why we don't like to see us grow [Chorus] + ad libs [Jay-Z] A-Alike (uh-huh) be alike (that's right) We don't vibe no more because we don't C/see alike And your mom got it twisted, she think Hov' changed Nope; Hov's still here like Rogaine Ask your boy what he did to the Hov' game How he jeapordized the whole game Now when we see each other it's so strange I don't know whether to hug him or slug him (damn) I don't know whether to cap him or dap him I don't know what to think of him, I don't know what's happenin But what I do know, all the niggaz that you know locked up doin a few doe, but who knows? Maybe it wasn't you, maybe I'm buggin too (right) But I'm scared dog, I don't know what the fuck to do Do me a favor, place yourself in my shoes The game, no exceptions, gotta follow the rules The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly Album: The Best of Both Worlds Song: The Streets Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Dear God.. how can I explain myself? [J] Oh God bless me indeed 	When I'm so confused [J] Enlarge my territory [J] Place your love and protection over me at all times 	Help me! [J] Keep me away from evil 	Somebody answer me! {*echoes*} [J] Allow me not to cause pain [Jay-Z] Police in the background, screamin put the thing down That's how hard I was trying to put my thing down Si-rens ringin out, old ladies screamin out All this attention for me and I'm barely sixteen now .. it's feelin like a dream now Handcuffed, roughed up, I'm tossed in the bing now I'm lyin next to fiends now, that's the end of the story Let me bring y'all niggaz back to the very first scene now December 4th, a child is born Before I knew it, had my pops trousers on That's how we do it when the man of the house is gone You either, stand or fall, I chose to stand The hawk outside, so I blow my hand It's a cold cold world but I overstand Tryin to stay focused but I feel hopeless damn Can't cope with bein broke, I'm a man - c'mon [Chorus: R. Kelly] Son don't let these streets, get the best of you I will be right by your side, when you goin through Son just don't let it (just don't let it) Just don't let it (just don't let it) Just don't let it (just don't let it) .. get the best of you [R. Kelly] Late one night I was, rollin the streets Just, thinkin about what's goin on with me and trapped in this thug life, tryin to break free but this thug life just keeps callin me I'm livin life way too dangerously I'm drownin in my misery Looked in the mirror, there's my enemy Cause poppa never was a part of me Take one step at a time, mama said Sweet memories still remain in my head All of my life been lied to, misled Voices be like, "Don't you wish you was dead?" No ground to place my feet I feel the fire under me A way out is all I need Somebody, answer me! [Chorus] + ad libs [Jay-Z] Now the only thing left is more spirit to roam free .. cause ain't no goin home for me It's a cold cold world but I blew my hand I drew first cause I knew that man I knew what he would do if I didn't draw first And I couldn't stand the thought of my momma steppin foot inside a church All I try to do is try to get up out the dirt Guess he's tryin to do the same, told me get up out his turf I wanted to talk to him, but that shit'd never work We was cut from the same cloth and what was under his shirt was his momma's rent, his young brother's clothes My nephew's food, and with that I sqooze .. and with that I froze Now my life is frozen in time behind these iron poles And this story is told, for young soldiers who never choose the life we chose [Chorus] + (ad libs) [R. Kelly] Tears in my eyes as I look up, I'm tryin to hold back my pride but reality is screamin Gotta get a job cause mo-mma also screamin Streets are just like drugs, and it's like I'm out here fiendin Forget all the hits in the industry, cause ain't no exceptions in this game for me, look Neither God or my enemies, I choose God cause he understands, this young man with a thuggish heart Whole world in his hands but still torn apart Like I'm so close, but it's still so far Nightmares of me in a swervin car, ohhh No ground to place my feet (my feet) I feel the fire under me (heyyy) A way out is all I need (all I need) Somebody, answer me! [Chorus] + ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly f/ Beanie Sigel Album: The Best of Both Worlds Song: Green Light Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Who da fuck can stop us niggaz, it's gangsta niggaz It's gangsta! Woo! It's gangsta nigga! All g-g-gangsta nigga, uhh! [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [J] You got the green light to drag your motherfuckin mink [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go [J] Throw your pinkie ring high in the motherfuckin air [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [J] Drop your top, c'mon! [R. Kelly] + (Jay-Z) Now I done told y'all niggaz once before y'all don't know who you fuckin wit Y'all gon' fuck around and make me come up out this music biz (Don't make me..) This just a record deal, y'all motherfuckers been on some shit Bite my style, tryin to get rich, so I decided to flip my shit (fuckers) Bene-fit me like a tight outfit, like Mr. Biggs' about to have a fit It's, a, bout, to, be, some, shit (please believe it) See vin-dawg, and dre-shal, got a nigga real open y'all I see haters peepin me, lookin hard like a pu-ssy Same fight, different round; same circus, different clown Same pussy, different town; assholes how you like me now? Kel' and Jigga, the best of both niggaz Put two heads together, mean mo' figures (ha) Word to Tigger, put me off up in the "Bassment" with the rest of the rap niggaz, watch ratings get bigger I'm a pimp of this music, the tracks be my hoes Sisqo, don't make me pick you out like the 'fro Haters left, players right.. green light [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [J] You have the green light to be as pimp as you want to [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go [J] Oh dis gangsta! [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [J] It's so muh'fuckin gangsta! [Jay-Z] Psycho, like no, bitch-ass niggaz don't wanna see the R.O.C. so you creep low Shoot from the line like a free throw With this 'nali of mine like a Pi-co Leave niggaz far behind like a cheap hoe On my grind every time that you see Hov' Yeah I got it, come and get it, green light go (go) Red dot I stop ya, yellow niggaz move slow [Beanie Sigel] Red dot I got 'em, tell that nigga move slow Head shots pop 'em when I let the uz' go He done told fool.. Dunn think Dunn loc'in when a gun smokin Tell Dunn I been gun-totin He don't know he facin death Hockey mask on Jason's step Don't make me pop past your Raisinette You niggaz cow-ass You bullshit, I pull shit, and keep a full clip [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go [R] Go go, go-go-go, go [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go [R] Go go, go-go-go, go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly Album: The Best of Both Worlds Song: Naked Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Baby, what we gon' do? I need you to talk to me, c'mon [R. Kelly] Suddenly, I feel the need - to pull you close to me But I don't know, if it's what you want, baby Girl show me some kind of sign that tells me that you're, miiiine, all mine, baby It's gettin awfully warm, off in this room I'm gettin head up off yo' sweet perfume and I'm ready, to explore, every part of you Girl I'll take my clothes off first, then now you Ooooooooooo-oo-ooo-oo-ooo-oo-ooo-oo-ooo baby Baby.. tonight we'll be, naked Oooooooh, oooooooh, oooooooh, ooooooooh I'll take a stroll through your garden of love and show you so so much Just take my hand, and believe, in our fu-ture Gettin you open like matchin doors Sheets and covers on, the floor And if the bell should ring, we won't answer Girl I'll take my clothes off first, and now you Wanna tell, what I want from you  Baby tonight I wanna see you naked So dim the lights  Baby tonight I wanna see you naked I wanna see you tonight  Baby tonight I wanna see you naked Oh babe, oh babe, yo' body's the reason for sight  Baby tonight I wanna see you naked Ohhh-ohhh, naked The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly f/ Lil' Kim Album: The Best of Both Worlds Song: Shake Ya Body Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [R] Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh [Chorus: R. Kelly] + (Lil' Kim) Uh-huh (shake ya body body, move ya body body) Uh-huh (twist ya body body, switch ya body body) Uh-huh (dip ya body body, work ya body body) Uh-huh (any-body body, every-body body) [R. Kelly] Pub-o, drank-o, 'dro plus the Bev-o Hands in the air-o, holla like echo Tone's in the dub with, Momo and Poke-o Tone be like Kujo, I be like Cecil Fists rockin like "ADRIIIAN!" We come through like "Superfriends!" Tick-tock, tick-tock, it's six o'clock And the party won't stop, bout to hit the IHOP Got twenty inch mirrors rollin under the drop So clap that shit up y'all and make it hot [R. Kelly] New York, Chicago, Atlanta, L.A. Miami crazy like yippie-i-yae Rude boys in the club smokin on hay Smoke the choker weed, Cali and the Bay Real live niggaz - put y'all hands up Wanna get tossed - drink that liquor Who's got the industry locked - Kelly and Jigga Trackmasters - turn that shit up [R. Kelly] We got honies everywhere Corks off the Cris' poppin everywhere Partyin hard like we just don't care The best of both worlds, that shit ain't fair [Jay-Z] This shit ain't fair I, am, Jay, Hov' Mami shake ya body body, don't hurt nobody hottie It's me in the God-body, R. Kelly the John Gotti of R&B thug and me I would say I'm probably the hardest rapper to ever cop on poppy and put it in a song, ma how could you go wrong ha? ha? ha? ha? Worse than a armed robbery Know that I'm armed properly, whenever the arm's rocky You can go on clockin me, ain't nuttin gon' stop me High as Allah I be, movin in peace but I move with the piece, so them, dudes in the streets will never remove my piece, ha? ha?, got me Niggaz'll never get me, I never move sloppy Move with the glock-50, got some Tupac with me Let's not test my gangsta, just, raise your glasses Mami, shake ya asses, this is a thug classic [Lil' Kim] Make a hole make a hole and let the Queen come past I come through in the speedboat, with 808's in the glass Push big things here, bet most of y'all crash Back to trainin lightweights, you in the wrong weight class Haters, stay awake, fuck the Harlem Shake We "Slam" dance like Onyx, check my ebonics You got, heat nigga you thinkin we won't blaze? Gotta come hard cause these are the last days When I, do it I do's it, ain't no more to it (word) Ask Ice Cube I puts my back into it From car dealers to Macy's, the cashiers embrace me We train like the Navy for whatever the case may be I pass on the 6, they don't impress me much I want the bulletproof 7 cause the doors lift up They pick the best of all girls, so how y'all sound? I got the best of both worlds, holdin me down [R] Uh-huh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly Album: The Best of Both Worlds Song: Somebody's Girl Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [J] The sixty second assassin [R] TrackMastahhhhhhhhhs [J] Turn that music up! [R] Rocklaaaaaaaaand [R] Hovahhhhhhhhh [J] Woo! Yes, yes [R. Kelly] + (Jay-Z) Somebody's girl is at this party (woo!) Shakin that ass to this (uh-huh) Somebody's girl is at this party (woo!) Drink that glass of Cris' (that's right) Somebody's girl is at this party (uh) Sittin in V.I.P. Somebody's girl (yeah) is at this party (that's right) And she's comin home with me [Jay-Z] Ummmmmm.. I don't mean no harm But your boy young Hov' got a mean ol' arm Got all the young ladies wanna lean on him And I don't turn them away, I'm like - bring them on Now - where's her man is not my concern It's not what I'm worried about, I'm just tryin to hurry her out Clear her whole area out And bring this whole party little nearer to my house Now - where's her spouse? I don't know So, I don't ask, I don't probe I just - get in 6, get out on Rov' Let her, sip on Cris', go out on tours Now - back at the lab, I'm actin bad Cause the, pool is warm, a booze is on Just a - select few, the fools are gone It's slow jams and the grooves is on, groove on [Chorus: R. Kelly] Somebody's girl is at this party Shakin that ass to this Somebody's girl is at this party Drink that glass of Cris' Somebody's girl is at this party Sittin in V.I.P. Somebody's girl is at this party And she's comin home with me [Jay-Z] Uhh, is it my fault they call me young heat rock Hardhead, go through walls like sheet rock And she's comin with me, when the beat stop When the party is done, I party with hon Now - is it my fault you neglect your broad and she wanna party with me, no ex at all? No ex-boyfriend, no ex involved Just the highway exit that we exit off And I - fall back, I let her talk I inquire sometime, I admire her mind I - like her wit, I'm lovin her shoes I'm a alternative rap, I'm playin the blues I'm a thorough street nigga never breakin the rules And her man's shortcomin is turnin me into somethin that of which she has never seen So she wanna crossover where the grass is green, knahmean? [Jay-Z] The moral of the story if you love your bitch you better - hold your hoe, hug your bitch You better - slow your roll, trick some bread When she wanna go out, you like Craig and 'em said "See ya when I see ya," now she's callin me up And I'm like, "Geah, of course I wanna chill" Now she with the real, and you all fed Like, "I'ma crack her motherfuckin fo'head!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly Album: The Best of Both Worlds Song: Get This Money Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [J] Yeah yeah [R] Damn it's hot [J] Like a muh'fucker [R] Yo Jigga [J] Whassup my nigga? [R] Pop that water [J] Fo'schizzle! {*both laughing*} [R] Yeah [J] Get'cha mind right, c'mon [Jay-Z] Uh-uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh-uh Uh-uh uh-uh - gettin that money my nigga (woo.. woo.. woo.. woo..) You better call the muh'fuckin cops This is a crime, uh-uh, let's go [R. Kelly] + (Jay-Z) Keys to the Bentley, off to the club Switchin lanes like what the.. Chick on the cell wanna get with a bruh But y'all know I don't love no.. (never love her) She, say, she, slick I'm, like, baby, please She, say she's got a man but what's that got to do with me? (f'real) Some chicks like low-key Wrists of, zero degrees I'm, toxic off the Belve' Two strippers, in my hotel suite Fee fie and, foe fum-ah Look out now, here I come-ah For you haters, keepin up trauma Me and Jigga thugged out on the come up (holla) [Chorus: R. Kelly] You got what I want; I got what you need Let's put it together; get, this, mo-ney You got what I want; I got what you need Let's put it together; get, this, mo-ney [R. Kelly] + (Jay-Z) Ace hit the club 'bout five o'clock (woo!) Hungry 'bout to hit the IHOP (let's go) After that, menage-a-trois And he out by seven o'clock (p-YOON) Cause I'm a baller, thought I told ya Blue rocks lightin up my shoulders (bling!) See y'all niggaz know y'all need to grow up Your album ain't out, cause I'm the hold up (ha) Busters wanna hoop with me Wanna run our ways, doin R&B I'll, creep creep, blink blink Cross your ass over, take it from me Fee fie and, foe fum-ah Look out now, here I come-ah Golddiggers, this you gets none of Me and Jigga thugged out on the come up (holla) [Jay-Z] + (R. Kelly) Pull up on the block, cran-apple Benz White tank top, cran-apple trim Egg-shaped watch, cran-apple gems Dice hands 'side both of them Two rolls and I leave with a stack Off to the club, G's in in the back V.I.P. nigga beez like that When you gettin that money my nigga (get.. this.. mo-ney) I spit this for my riders Twenty-inch rims and wide body drivers We can't let nothin stop us (get.. this.. mo-ney) Young H-O-V-A And the boy R. Kel', you know how we play For that fetti, mayne, we'll let the lead rang You young boyz ain't ready You don't know NANN a nigga to NEAR Jigga to NEAR as well as me and the boy Kel' Yeah it's money, recognize the smell And we up out this bitch, yell [Jay-Z] + (R. Kelly) Gettin that money my nigga Ha ha, ha ha Ha ha ha ha ha ha I gotta laugh at this shit (get.. this.. money) Gettin this money my nigga Yeah, ohh oh ohh oh Oh it's too late to get scared niggaz (get.. this.. mo-ney) It's way too late now.. .. gettin this money my nigga (get.. this.. mo-ney) [Chorus] + [Jay-Z ad libs] [J] Gettin that money my nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly Album: The Best of Both Worlds Song: Shorty Typed by: kennloc@attbi.com (Tone aka Trackmaster) So I told shorty I be producing, I be making those beats Be making those hits, ya know So I told her my name, My name is Tone She said "Town!!" You know like she never heard of me, ya know So I said okay you may know me by my other name Sometimes they call me (R. Kelly) TRACK-MAS-STER (Jay-Z) We see you Tone Tone the referee We see you, baby (R. Kelly) C'mon Shorty That nigga Hov (Jay-Z) Holla (R. Kelly) Yall niggas don't understand (Jay-Z) Uh-uh, they dont understand Flow for'em No lemme sing for em Just sing for'em (R. Kelly) Check It Mr. Kell Its like this, some of yall niggas got, legs for lips Running ya mouth mad cuz I, pop that Cris Go up in 3-10, and cop that six Then roll around with yo chiiick Some of yall niggas mad cuz I drop these hits Thug ass nigga, on some, R&B Shit Now that shit done fucked around and, made me rich And, For those of you who don't like it, yall can suck my "Uhhhh!!" Leadin honies to my suite like I'm, the pied piper Have they ass, hittin high notes, like they Mariah Get that pussy wet enough to put out a bonfire She be like "Wooooooo", and I be like "Wooooooo" When her tides got high, fuck it I'ma Don Runnin late for the studio, fuck it I'm bout to come Dress cold at club fuck it Air Force I's  Said I wouldn't mention Sisqo, fuck he's a bum Ally boom, buaya, Hit you with the right hook You be like, what the fuck was that Me and Jigga, we are like the industries popo Nigga yall best shit can't even fuck with our demo's Shorty [Chorus 2X: R. Kelly]  From New York on to L.A. (Shorty) Chi-Town we freak the night away (Shorty) Miami all the pretty girls (Shorty) We know chicks all around the world (Shorty) (Jay-Z) Shorty, what yo name is? Shorty, who yo man is? C'mon and make moves with a dude who move cane Like a old man, you know who game this is, Young Hov Name is respected in fifty different languages, mommy come roll I keep a jet on the runway, Sunday in Paris, London on Monday Back to L.A. This ain't rap, this is real, I could trick a half a mill' In three hours ma the streets will be ours (Wooooooo) Shorty, I got something for you, Wouldn't give a chick a dime before but now I wanna spoil you Shorty, The trips to the gucc shop, getcha cooch hot How bout I do a helipads on the roof top Shorty, Ya hella rad, your my rock star Shorty Heres my number shit, you don't gotta to call me Shorty Chorus 2x (R. Kelly) I'm chillin in my 4.6, at the light 5 o'clock in the morning, been drinking all night And, Plus I'm high, but it aint over 4 slim bodies scooped me in a wide body rover Panties and bras all the way from the bed to the sofa For all you R&B so called playas, I'm bout to coach ya Sit right there, and watch me freak yo girl chocha Tounge all down her throat as if a nigga was trying to choke her Its The Best Of Both Worlds, stickin ya in the "uhhhhhh!!" Put ya hands up like it's money in the air We bout to rip these charts like Zorro Blade So hot your gonna need a cold glass of lemonade To all my real live niggas, that shoot dice and play spades In a nice crib, word up, drinking the Maid  On the rizel my nizel, that nigga Jigga is the dizel R. Kizel in the hotel swizel's chicks on the knizel's Chorus 2x Shorty Shorty The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly Album: The Best of Both Worlds Song: Honey Typed by: Abarto1@hotmail.com [Intro: Jay-Z] Uh, its the boy Jay-Z, and the boy R. Kel The best of both worlds, please believe it Brookland, Chi-Town, to all the beautiful ladies in the world Dedicated to TT my niece, everybody in the world, talk to 'em Kel (R. Kelly: It's the best, of both worlds) That's right Tone this is mean and vicious man, so mean and vicious Rockland, Roc-A-Fella, the best of both worlds, come on [Verse 1: Jay-Z] Lord forgive me I'm ballin out of control Got the spirit of a hustler pourin out of my soul Mami I love you but ain't no stoppin my stroll If you wanna be down with me, you gotta rooolll Like a roll and if my side of the bed gets cold You gotta know that I'm out chasin doooough I'm ain't stuntin these hoes, stuntin my growth If I fuck 'em I'm fleein them, I need somethin to hold Then I'm home to you I might roam like a cellular phone, but I never leave you alone I Solemnly swear, I was married to the block before I met you It's still a part of me there but I Solemnly swear, I try but it's in my blood Pumpin yay, since I was yay high I'm in love with the life So accept me for the bastard that I am You're still in love with me right? [Chorus 2X: R. Kelly] Baby I can't figure it out Yo' kiss is just like honey But I can't stop huggin' the block All night tryna get this money [Interlude: R. Kelly] Stuck between these two worlds What I'm gon' do with both these girls Two main squeezes in separate cities Both found out - man, shit ain't pretty Stuck between these two worlds What I'm gon' do with both these girls Hard to choose between her and these streets Cause the game keeps calling me [Verse 2: Jay-Z] Baby girl had me off my grind, off my clock I would often find I was off my block Couldn't keep her off my mind, my balls were shot They never thought that a pause or stop Was in my pores to push rock raw Take a lost rebound like Bo Outlaw, I'm so outlaw Got a hunger for this game, but keep that on the low Like a one against the grain, got the sun against my brain A girl in my ear, I like her for her I'm addicted to this shit, I like it like I like her Sometimes I can't figure it out I'm in love with the life but she's sticking it out She know wanna hug kisses keep a nigga in the house Locked down while his niggas is out (out) [Interlude] [Interlude] {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly f/ Devin the Dude Album: The Best of Both Worlds Song: Pussy Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Devin the Dude] Pussy is a whole different aspect of life Wars don' started from country to country, over they women Pussy, is one of the most powerful thangs in the world And a lot of people don't understand how powerful pussy is Pussy make niggas, blow they brains out, they bitch brains out Uh, uh, pussy make people do thangs they never would think they'd do [Chorus: Jay-Z] The power of the p-u-s-s-y That's why every motherfucker in the world dress fly Every baller that can afford it, they cop the best ride For the power of the p-u-s-s-y, let's have some fun S-s-y, that's why niggas get they hair cuts, try to dress fly Every baller that can afford it, he cop the best ride For the power of the p-u-s-s-y [Jay-Z] I know this girl we call her Sweet Cooch Brown Hands down, mami had the bombest pussy in town One dip in the girl pool, that's all it took One sample of the snapple, and ya ass was whupped Have you buyin' Gucci sandals, matchin' pocket books Blowin' up her beeper ringin' her phone off the hook Ball players they spit money, rappers they spit time All a while they both clamin' that they never spent a dime Business guys, she would victimize Have 'em paying rent on condos in the Miami high rise We ask her, who pussy is this look her right in her eyes She said this pussy's yours daddy, tell 'em nothin' but lies They didn't believe it, but they wanted to, needed to She had the type of body, that you didn't want leavin' you So they ignored all her flirtin' ways And put a ring on her finger I'm like, Earth to Dave [Chorus: Jay-Z] The power of the p-u-s-s-y That's why every motherfucker in the world dress fly Every baller that can afford it, that gotta have the best ride The power of the p-u-s-s-y The power of the p-u-s-s-y That's why niggas get they hair cuts, try to dress fly Every baller that can afford it, they cop the best ride For the power of the p-u, I see you [R. Kelly] I ain't no rapper, but I'ma say my shit When it comes down to that motherfuckin' clit, clit, clit Niggas are sick, sick, sick, turn on you quick, quick, quick That's why I be givin' mami much, dick, dick, dick Why chumps be coppin' them furs, and all that Feining for this pussy, as if y'all was on crack When it comes to the truth, I can't hold back Y'all cats that be babysittin', and these broads need to be smacked It's this nigga named Monroe, that I know from way back He hit the lotto bought his girl a Cadillac Now this bitch be creepin' behind this niggas back He busted her guess what, he still took the bitch back 3 things niggas love, money, pussy, and drugs Can't get one without the other 'less you soft and in love Now take it from a player whose done all the above Niggas it's the lesbian, R&B thug [Chorus: Jay-Z] The power of the p-u-s-s-y That's why every motherfucker in the world dress fly Every baller that can afford it, that gotta have the best ride The power of the p-u-s-s-y The power of the p-u-s-s-y That's why niggas get they hair cuts, try to dress fly Every baller that can afford it, they cop the best ride For the power of the p-u, I see you [R. Kelly] Niggas would do anything For some pussy, hey, hey, hey, oh See it don't matter who you are Where ya from, in this life At some point, you're gonna wanna Get you some, yes you will, oooo, uuuh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Faith Evans, Notorious B.I.G. Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: A Dream Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] It was all a dream {*scratched simultaneously: "It was all a dream" - B.I.G.*} [Faith Evans] + (Jay-Z) Last night I had a dream Thoughts was racin through my head (it was all a dream) Felt so real to me This is what was said.. [Jay-Z] Had a dream I said, bout who he said? Bout B.I.G. I said, that's big he said Dig what he said, proceed he said Indeed I said, so - breathe I did Don't repeat what I say I said, he said nothin He agreed with his head, he just nodded like this What I believe to be a yes I re-peated what was said It came to me like a .. well last evenin I said "You feel playboy," was the greeting he said First thing I wanted to know, what's the reason he was dead? "More money, more problems, better believe it," he said "Careful what you wish for you might receive it," he said I see I said, jealousy I said Got the whole industry mad at me I said Then B.I. said, "Hov' remind yourself nobody built like you, you designed yourself" I agree I said, my one of a kind self Get stoned every day like Jesus did What he said, I said, has been said before "Just keep doin your thing," he said, say no more [Faith Evans] Was it all a dream - tell me Was it all a dream, was it a dream Was it all a dre-eeee-eeeee-eeam I gotta know {*"It was all a dream"*} Was it all a dream - was it a dream Was it all a dream, a dream Was it all a dre-eeee-eeeee-eeam [Notorious B.I.G.] It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up magazine Salt'n'Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine Hangin pictures on my wall Every Saturday, "Rap Attack," Mr. Magic, Marley Marl  I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped Smokin weed and bamboo, sippin on private stock  Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack with the hat to match  Remember Rappin' Duke? "Duh-ha, duh-ha" You never thought that hip-hop would take it this far Now I'm in the limelight cause I rhyme tight Time to get paid, blow up like the {**"World Trade"**} Born sinner, the opposite of a winner Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner Peace to Ron G, Brucey B, Kid Capri Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starsky I'm blowin up like you thought I would Call the crib, same number same hood, it's all good Uhh, and if you don't know, now you know, nigga [Faith Evans] Was it all a dream - tell me Was it all a dream, was it a dream Was it all a dre-eeee-eeeee-eeam I gotta know {*"It was all a dream"*} Was it all a dream - was it a dream Was it all a dream, a dream Was it all a dre-eeee-eeeee-eeam {*"It was all a dream"*} {*"It was all.."*} {*"It was all.. a dream"*} {*"It was all a dream"*} {*"It was all.. a dream"*} {*"It was all.."*} {*"It was all.. a dream"*} [the beat drops out and Jay-Z raps the next part acapella] [Jay-Z] I see I said, jealousy I said Got the whole industry mad at me I said Then B.I. said, "Hov' remind yourself nobody built like you, you designed yourself" I agree I said, my one of a kind self Get stoned every day like Jesus did What he said, I said, has been said before "Just keep doin your thing," he said, say no more The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: Hovi Baby Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yes, yes YEP! Welcome to the.. Jay-Z extravaganza I'd like to introduce my band right now Just Blaze and the Blazettes, hehe Right now I want you to give the drummer some No ma really, give the drummer some Uhh Touch the untouchable, break the unbreakable Shake the unshakeable (it's Hovi baby) Yeah, ch-chi-uh, uh-ch-ch-uh, un-breakable Rock the unrockable (it's Hovi baby) [Jay-Z] Follow the flow, look They say a midget standin on the giant's shoulder can see much further than the giant.. (the giant..) So I got the WHOLE rap world on my shoulder they tryin to see further than I am.. (than I am..) And I have been tryin to be patient with they preoccupation with David and Goliath.. (Goliath..) But sooner or later, that patience gonna run it's course and I'm forced to be a tyrant.. (be a tyrant..) But bein tyrant, comin through your environment Iron mask, nigga iron gas, nigga I am back With "The Team," no I in that R.O.C., y'all not eyein that Y'all don't see, clearly cause the reign ain't gone "The Dynasty," no not Ming but Shawn's Dame careems, nigga it's the gangsta team Stop your run, one of the reasons that they call us gangrene The other reason, we got a gang of green If there's better at gettin cheddar that remains to be seen, nigga WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! Jeah, jeah Can't touch the untouchable, break the unbreakable Shake the unshakeable (it's Hovi baby) Can't see the unseeable, reach the unreachable Do the impossible (it's Hovi baby) Can't move the unmoveable, stop the unstoppable.. [Jay-Z] Jeah, look I'm so far ahead of my time, I'm bout to start another life Look behind you, I'm bout to pass you twice Back to the future and gotta slow up for the present I'm fast, niggaz can't get past my past How they propose to deal with my perfect present? When I unwrap "The Gift & the Curse" in one session Ain't no livin person can test him Only two restin in heaven can be mentioned in the same breath as him Seven straight summers, critics might not admit it But nobody in rap did it, quite like I did it If you did it I done it before, you get I had it Got mad at it and don't want it no more And that goes for everything from flippin that raw Flippin whores, flippin vocal chords, don't get it twisted Get it right, did different, did it better, did it nice Did the impossible then did it twice (get it right) [Jay-Z] Yup! Hovi's home, the global phone The world is back in order the number one rap recorder is back You cats overfelt yourself You couldn't help yourself, now witness the reel for reel In my absence cats get, absent-minded Now it's time to rewind and remind 'em why I'm in the position that I am changin the game, my game could nail Madonna Well after I'm gone, they'll honor history in the makin, Pistol Pete leave competition shakin without missin the beat Chasin the hi-hat all over the track The snare is scared of the air in here, BOOM! And plus I get paper dog, don't let me forget The watch face so blue like it's holdin it's breath Can't see me skill for skill or check for check It's the bow tie flow dog, I bring it to your neck Live and correct I will bring it to your set I got now, I don't care who got next Rapper slash exec, Kordell Stewart Your flow all y'all usin is mine, you're all useless You ain't a factor, who are you foolin? You all are faggots, you takin it backwards (takin it backwards) I'm tryin to progress with this rap shit Nigga, nigga your whole career is a accident Who was gassin 'em? (Fuck outta here!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Dr. Dre, Rakim, Truth Hurts Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: The Watcher 2 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*whispered*} Watcher! [Jay-Z] Jeah.. uhh.. it's what I do for a livin nigga Eat for a livin nigga {*watcher*} That's how I live for a livin nigga.. {*watcher*} Okay, let's do this {*the watcher*} [Verse One: Jay-Z] Things just ain't the same for gangsters But I'm a little too famous to shoot these pranksters All of these rap singers claimin they bangers Doin all sorts of twisted shit with they fingers Disrespectin the game, no home trainin or manners I was doin this shit when you was shittin Pampers I was movin them grams 'fore you, knew what a hand that hand was Duckin the vans, radars, the scanners 'Fore you knew what hard white to tame was I was hittin the turnpike, aight with the bammers I was nice with my hands, cuss aight with them hammers I was prickin my finger 'fore you knew what a Fam was I had it laid out 'fore you knew what a plan was Three hundred mill' later, now you understand us Y'all ain't see us comin through Vegas You ever seen so much cham' bust in one night Grand fucked up one fight I was on the Peter Pan bus You was Peter Pan up in your room, y'all fuckin with whom? Allow me to retort You cowards is just now learnin the shit that we taught You niggaz ain't know about a Robb Report Bout a high speed Porsche, i.e. You niggaz ain't know how to floss 'til I came through the door like "Eric B. for Pres," respect me in this BITCH! You can't disrespect us cause you got a little check cut You was suckin for so long, fuckin your little neck up Now you too big for your britches, you got a few little bitches You think you Hugh Hefner, you just ridiculous I blew breath for you midgets, I gave life to the game It's only right I got the right to be king Niggaz that got life really like what I sing Cause they know what it's really like, niggaz feel my pain Know the shit I DON'T write be the illest shit that's ever been recited in the game word to the hyphen in my NAME! J, A, Y, DASH, Hoffa The past present nigga the future, proper The holy trinity of hip-hop is us We give, Dre his props BUT that's where it stops It's the Roc [Chorus: Truth Hurts] I know, you got your eyes on me I feel you watchin me But it ain't hard to see that you can't see me You try, but what you think you saw Ain't what you thought you saw You bed-da off not lookin at all  (Everywhere that I go, ain't the same as befo')  (People I used to know, just don't know me no mo')  (But everywhere that I go, I got people I know)  (Who got people they know, so I suggest you lay low) [Verse Two: Dr. Dre] I'm still on top of the game Still droppin flames, still cock and aim Still at the top had the Roc for the fame over setbacks, there's been a lot since I came You seen it all, how I got, how I gained The momentum when it dropped, how I got through the pain When I roll and shock, they watched me reclaim the streets, they made a special spot for my name Dre, haters wanna stop to my reign But the music lives in me, every drop in my veins The pride and the pain All the way back from the rise of my name See the world clear through the eyes of the mane See the world chear for the rhymes that I gave When the beat bangs it'll drive them insane The eyes that I played The best to emerge in the game is The Watcher [Verse Three: Rakim] I'm "Rated R," my brain contains graphics thangs It turn traumatic teens into addicts, and fiends It's like, watchin a movie through a panoramic screen Which means, I can see the whole planet in the scene Cash is the topic, the object, a fatter pocket Some take the crack and chop it, but those that haven't got it take away the added profit, it's catastrophic I take the gat and cock it, and I'll sit back and watch it These New York streets is ugly, I keep it gully The world is mine and can't nobody keep it from me Yo, my neighborhood is never sunny In the place where the number one cause of death is money You can try copin I've seen enough shit to leave your frame of mind broken I'm still alive and scopin Be another hundred years 'til my skies close in And I'ma die with my eyes open, the watcher {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Beyonce Knowles Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: Bonnie & Clyde Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [talking] Uhh uhh uhh. You ready B? Let's go get 'em.. [Verse 1: Jay-Z] Look for me! Young, B Cruisin down the westside - high, way Doing what we like to do - our, way Eyes behind shades, this necklace the reason all of my dates been blind dates But today, I got my thoroughest girl wit me I'm mashin the gas, she's grabbin the wheel, it's true to the heart She rides with me - the new Bobby and Whitney Only time we don't speak is during "Sex and the City" She gets Carrie fever, but soon as the show is over She's right back to being my soldier Cause mami's a rider, and I'm a roller Put us together, how they gon' stop both us? What ever she lacks, I'm right over her shoulder When I'm off track mami is keepin me focused So let's, lock this down like it's supposed to be The '03 Bonnie and Clyde, Hov' and B [Jay] All I need in this life of sin, is me and my girlfriend [Bey] Down to ride 'til the very end, it's me and my boyfriend [Jay] All I need in this life of sin, is me and my girlfriend [Bey] Down to ride 'til the very end, it's me and my boyfriend [Verse 2: Jay-Z] The problem is, you dudes treat the one that you lovin with the same respect that you treat the one that you humpin Now they 'bout nothin - if ever you mad about somethin It won't be that; oh no it won't be that I don't be at, places where we comfy at With no be-atch; oh no you won't see that And no, I ain't perfect - nobody walkin this earth's surface is But girlfriend, work with the kid I keep you workin at Hermes, Birkin bag Manolo Blahnik Timbs, aviator lens 600 drops, Hercedes Benz The only time you wear Burberry to swim And I don't have to worry, only worry is him She do anything necessary for him And I do anything necessary for her so don't let the necessary occur, yep! [Beyonce] (Talk to 'em B) If I was your girlfriend I'll be there for you, if somebody hurts you Even if that somebody was me Yeah-hee (break it down for 'em) Sometimes I trip on how happy we could be And so I put this on my life Nobody or nothing will ever come between us And I promise I'll give my life and all of my trust if you was my boyfriend Put this on my life The air that I breathe in, all that I believe in I promise I'll give my life and all of my trust if you was my boyfriend The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Pharrell Williams (Neptunes) Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: Excuse Me Miss Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Jay-Z] You can't roll a blunt to this one You gotta, you gotta well, ya gotta light a J You gotta puff a J on this one {*inhales*} You can't even drink Crist-OWL on this one You gotta drink Crist-ALL Buy some red wine, a little Gaja 9-7 This is for the grown and sexy, uhh [Pharrell - over the end of Jay-Z's intro] You're so contagious, I can't take it Have my baby, let's just make it Ex-cuse me; what's your name? [Jay-Z] Yeah, can I get my grown man on for one second? Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be hangin wit Jay-Z, Jay-Z (Pharrell: So hot to trot.. la-dy!) Excuse me miss, what's your name? Can you come, hang with me? Possibly, can I take you out, to-night [Verse One] You already know what it's hittin for Ma I got whatever outside and you know what I'm sittin on 50/50 venture with them S dots kickin off Armadale poppin now, only bring a nigga more Only thing missin is a Missus You ain't even gotta do the dishes, got two dishwashers Got one chef, one maid, all I need is a partner to play spades with the cards up, ALL TRUST Who else you gon' run with, the truth is us Only dudes movin units - Em, Pimp Juice and us .. it's the Roc in here! Maybach outside, got rocks in ears PJ's on the runway, Young got air I don't land at a airport, I call it the clearport Therefore, I don't wanna hear more back and forth about who's hot as Young, holla! [Ph.W.] Sex-cuse me... damn! [Ph.W.] You're so contagious, I can't take it [Ph.W.] Have my baby, let's just make it [Jay-Z] I got my Gaja 9-7 on right now [Ph.W.] La-dy.. [Jay-Z] You gotta puff a J to this one [Jay-Z] Can't roll a blunt up to this one boy [Ph.W.] You're so contagious, I can't take it [Ph.W.] Have my baby, let's just make it [Ph.W.] Ex-cuse me; what's your name? (AOWW!) [Jay-Z] Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be rollin wit Jay-Z, Jay-Z [Ph.W.] So hot to trot.. la-dy! What's your name? [Jay-Z] Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be rollin wit Jay-Z, Jay-Z [Ph.W.] You're so foxy girl.. you're so hot to trot.. [Verse Two] Everybody's like, "He's no item! Please don't like him. He don't wife 'em, he one nights 'em!" Now she don't like him, she never met him Groupies try to take advantage of him, he won't let 'em He don't need 'em, so he treats 'em like he treats 'em Better them than me, she don't agree with him She's mad at that, he's not havin that So those opposites attract like mag-a-nets She sees more than the Benz wagon, the friends taggin along with a flashy nigga braggin on the song She gets a glimpse of Shawn and she likes that He 2-ways her, so she writes back Smiley faces after all of her phrases Either she the one or I'm caught in "The Matrix" But fukkit, let the +Fish-burne+ Red or green pill, you live and you learn, c'mon! [Ph.W.] Sex-cuse me... damn! [Jay-Z] You gotta throw on your fine linens for this one [Ph.W.] You're so contagious, I can't take it [Ph.W.] Have my baby, let's just make it [Jay-Z] You might go, you mighta gotta go get you some Scooby Doo's [Ph.W.] La-dy.. [Jay-Z] Gotta throw on ya Scooby Doo's; those are shoes by the way [Ph.W.] You're so contagious, I can't take it [Jay-Z] Gotta throw on Scooby Doo's, hehehehe [Ph.W.] Have my baby, let's just make it [Ph.W.] Ex-cuse me; what's your name? [Jay-Z] This for the grown and sexy, only for the grown and sexy [Ph.W.] So hot to trot.. la-dy! What's your name? [Jay-Z] Woo! [Ph.W.] You're so foxy girl.. you're so hot to trot.. [Verse Three] Love let's go half on a son, I know my past ain't one you can easily get past, but that chapter is done ... but I'm done readin for now Remember spades face up, you can believe him for now But ma you got a f'real f'serious role I'm bout to give you all the keys and security codes Bout to show you where the cheese, let you know I ain't playin But, before I jump out the window, what's your name? [Ph.W.] Sex-cuse me... damn! [Ph.W.] You're so contagious, I can't take it [Ph.W.] Have my baby, let's just make it [Ph.W.] La-dy.. [Ph.W.] You're so contagious, I can't take it [Ph.W.] Have my baby, let's just make it [Ph.W.] Ex-cuse me; what's your name? [Ph.W.] So hot to trot.. la-dy! What's your name? [Ph.W.] You're so foxy girl.. you're so hot to trot.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Sean Paul Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: What They Gonna Do Typed by: Fredbell85@yahoo.com [Sean Paul] Yo Yo Yo, Yo Yo Yo Show out her wild side, stick out her backside [Chorus: Jay-Z] If you with me, throw the diamond up one time Ladies, if you with me, just grind to the bass line Homey, don't be scared to grab her from behind And make her show out her wild side (Sean Paul) Stick out her backside [Verse 1: Jay-Z] Now what the fuck they gon' do with me Got money, got broads, got a crew with me Real as banana clips, I got a Sue with me Get down or lay down nigga to shoot with me Now how the fuck they gon' deal with me I ain't going nowhere, they gotta deal with me Got the whole BK ready to kill with me You scared motherfucker, keep it real with me, keep it real with me Now what the fuck they gon say to me Got to clap, yi mean all day with me, CLAP, yi mean Don't play with me, CLAP, yi mean Stay with me, don't lose me y'all And please don't confuse me with dog, I'm different I bought it back for a living 33 O's on a bitch back like Pippen 3 She can keep for herself and distribute 36 O's and a ki, you do the addition Before Mitchell and Ness did it I was moving birds like a Oriole fitted I'm Cal Ripken Jr. let's get it [Verse 2: Jay-Z] Hon' what they gon' say to you Got your hair did and your favorite shoes Tell'em don't play with you, get'em away from you You need a baller like I, call'em like I See'em like naaaa Move over y'all amateurs No, you not balling that's Pro-Am shit Oh, stop calling that's hoe-man shit Stop falling asleep that's old man shit I stands up in it like a champ up in it Be up in it so long, get my calls transferred in it No more minute man in it Get my Soundscan, BDS, and Market and Glance in it [Verse 3: Jay-Z] What they gon do' You got starch in your flow I flow too many ways, got a arch in my flow All sorts of flow, Rembrandt, Rilkey I am art with the flow Even if I'm filthy, you gotta pardon the flow Niggas taking it lightly, had to darken the flow Way I put it together, tear'em apart with the flow I'm too smart with the flow, you just started the flow Stop it youngin, you 106th & Park with the flow I am pro, as you see I'm off the charts with the flow Actually I'm number one on the charts with the flow In some places they say this, I am God with the flow Like my office, but they're biased, too involved with the flow (Oh no) I am the youth spirit, I am y'all with the flow Troubled man, dare I say, I am Mar with the flow I come up hard but I evolve with the flow Crossover, slam dunk, Rucker Park with the flow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ LaToiya Williams Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: All Around the World Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Swear to God I just touched down [Chorus: Jay-Z] + (LaToiya) All around the world.. (same song) Killa Cali nigga (same song) A-T-L (same song) Real-adelphia.. dude it's all around the world [Jay-Z] London, England, South of France And all points between they know about your man Konichiwa ladies when I'm out in Japan I'm a Tokyo Giant like Ichiro, I am piss poor nigga from the hood but I blew Now I bounce six-fours up and down Crenshaw Spot me the hotel, the Cap', or Capri Bathrobe, slippers in the lobby like weed Your man'll stand manta ray, handlin a steak And handlin the modern stand about five-eight Five-nine fine wine fine dine either that or I'm mixin in Switzerland, tryin to buy time Ballin out in Bali when it's gorgeous out in Cali Brunchin at the 4 Seasons, off the heezy When it's back home nigga back to the zone Nigga back to the books to the rhymes that took me [Chorus: Jay-Z] + (LaToiya) All around the world.. (same song) Brooklyn bombers (same song) Detroit players (same song) Chi-Town.. all around the world [Jay-Z] Said it's all love, Sure Club, M-I-A Party at bungalow eight, when I stay Pool look like a hundred Beyonce's A couple fiances, I'm the new DeVante "Come and Talk to Me" mami in the Ea-sy Garant, I hope, she ain't too young Only twenty-one and older let another nigga mold her I'm just tryin to show her how a baller and a roller sleep one place, sell the pie to keep the engine runnin then I wake up in Martha's Vineyard Same boss this year, I think I'm gon' spend Christmas reminisce about the time my mom couldn't spend Christmas Now I'm gon' send her on her own little wish list Anywhere in the world, anywhere for my girl Forever my lady, blind crippled and crazy A ticket and you pay to see D - sweet Sade [LaToiya] Sade, Sade, don't you know I love you sweet Sade, Sade All around the world [Jay-Z] Said it ain't where you from yo it's where you at Real niggaz out in Brooklyn, some niggaz don't clap It's real killers out in Cali, some niggaz just act Hollywood like they out the hood, it's all to the good Real players in the D-Twa, some of them throwed Slackin on they mackin, rest haven for hoes Real pranksters in the Chi, most of them real folks Disciplined Gangsters, come on Charlie I know Shit it ain't about your city or borough It's bout if you really as thorough And if you are, holla at your boy I put my hand on my heart, that means I feel you Real recognize real and you lookin familiar I'ma Bed-Stuy nigga but I do it to death I promise I'm as St. Thomas homey eatin at Chef's One-twelve, A-T-L, the sun up yet? Then we party like the sun don't set [LaToiya] We gon' take you all around the world.. it's the same song (same song) Everywhere (same song) It's the same song (same song) We gon' take you all around the world.. same song (same song) Same song (same song) Same song (same song) All around the world.. {*harmonizing to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Big Boi, Killer Mike, Twista Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: Poppin' Tags Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: repeat 2X] And we gon' stay hustlin on that block until we caught And we gon' stay showin off that jewelry that we bought And we gon' stay leavin out the stores with heavy bags Cause we poppin tags, pimpin we be poppin tags! [Verse One: Jay-Z] We arose, let's go "So Fresh So Clean" like 'Kast Jay-Z be poppin tags Leavin the mall with heavy bags You know the boy got a love for the cash Aw fuck, there he go again Talkin bout hoes and dough again Yup! -- Can't hold it in I'm surprised I got so much dough to spend But, back when I was poorer then You wasn't focusin, about the dough I spend But I was holdin in, I was a roller then I was a baller back then, all of that man Fall back, I fought that What would you do if you was in my shoes? Leave dudes in the rearview V-12 engine, corners spinnin Twinkies shinin, pinky ring Armadale, nigga stinky stink Top, down, my cash is up Gold chain, I don't give a fuck Gold brain'll get you in the truck ma That's right, you in luck ma You see me cruisin down, better step inside Ain't enough room to fit you all in the ride First come, first served basis You know Hov' be goin to nice places That's right, and I'm droppin cash Leave the mall with garbage bags Gucci this, Prada that Roll witcha boy you'll be poppin tags [Verse Two: Twista] It's a party when I go up in the sto' Shoppin while I'm zooted off the dro' Rollin like a nigga that just came up on a mill' and I got 'em sweepin and pickin up tags off the flo' Bag full of clothes I remember havin rocks in the hall on the glimmer with the glock by the ball Servin up a jab and workin security 6 to 6 Then it's straight from the block to the mall Now what's on the wall? Go ahead and treat yo'self When you come up on some cheddar better pop that tag Like when I dip off in the Prada then I go off to the lot and lay the paper down and cop that Jag I got a console full of ammunition and funds Mink Roc-a-Wear and some guns Petty in a fresh pair of jumps, blo-packs and Bo Jax and Air Maxes, just throw back some ones, no max for none  (When I go up in the sto' a nigga never get enough) I'm a baller and if you want it come and get it now  (Nigga come to a race with a car you won't catch up) And the Twista kinda wicked when I spit it now I be choppin up cheddar with Kanye Chop a little cheddar up with Jay Chop it up with the O-to-the-Kizay Poppin big tags with the flow and the dough, we get bi-zay! [Verse Three: Killer Mike] Uh-huh, whattup? Tell you somethin bout me.. My throwback game is whiffle wicked Saint Patties day, green pinstripe, number 20 Mark Spitz'n Jersey ooh-wee with the matchin Nu*Wear fitted White boys say my style is bitchin Keepin coke in the kitchen Keep a glock that will shock and bring the rest tucked underneath my Mitchell & Ness I, travellin, handlin with a forty-five cannon It's tucked in my Marc Buchanan Extra clips and shells in the lambskin Two deep by Pelle Pelle Westside how they felly fell More G's on me, than a late 80's Gucci leather worn by the great Rakim himself Stitch my Dapper Dan oh man with the gun in hand I leave your blood squirting No offense, I'll put your face on the chest of a sweatshirt drawn by Shirt Kings I been fucking, a hustle, married to a racket since the first Air Jordan's and Starter jackets I slept with a package, under mattress I carry guns heavy speakeasy, slight with the fight words I'll put somethin hot through your motherfuckin iceberg Got a project chica, named Rica She keep a purse full of dro' reefer Small, pinkies like that Talk 'til the paper fat I rock somethin, roll chief +Sacks+ like Daddy Fat! [Verse Four: Big Boi] Pop tags in reverse, you'll be needin a nurse Leave you layin on your back in a Cadillac hearse Now your momma in all black with a matchin purse I know you wanna blow up, but a funeral hurts What's worse, you can hit the mall and ball 'til you fall Have to make a collect call, but your cell cut off Trot to the mailbox expectin a check but the mail's run short No more MD, DD, LD That means Movie Date, Dinner Date, Lunch Date, help me please My sheets is gone Long bread to the short bread, word is bond Meticulously pimpously serve the song Act a damn donkey Like the pilgrims when they popped a tag on the indians home Drop top rag-o with the weed gone Chillin, bags in the trunk full of FEO Schwartz for the chill'uns Spent a few shillings Sip a few chickens, lick a few kittens, just kiddin A fresh bowl of milk is in the fridge and Can you pop the tags on the honeycombs Or are you actin mad cause the money done slowed, down, just a little bit Dipped, poked out, did some shull-bit Actin like a pitfall bull-pit Dead game is the pul-pit Leave a motherpumper with his John Doe toe tag clipped Imperial classic, a lyrical thrashin A miracle happenin Jay-Z, Killer Mike and Big Boi rappin and rhymin and smabbin Pop that tag on some of this game Holla-tic, swallow and keep the change The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Pharrell Williams (Neptunes) Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: Fuck All Nite Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro/Chorus: Pharrell Williams] You used to all the attention, huh? (Yeah!) But you don't want no commitment, huh? (Uh-uh!) Why not? You should be comin home with me Sittin in this lap with the luxury Now you be, comin home while I'm wakin up (Yeah!) Actin like you behave and stuff Uh-huh, you should be comin home with me  Sittin in this lap with the luxury, now check it [Verse One: Jay-Z] + (Pharrell) Yes.. a lime to a lemon, my V-A women walk in Manolo Blahniks cause my condo with elevators in 'em She wanna wrinkle my linens So I sprinkle her with gin and then we begin sinnin, uhh Blasphemy, oh my God, every sentence She keeps scratchin me like she have tiger in her This is exact-a-ly, why I had to pin her to the bed like a wres-tl-er, had to pretzel her, uhh Her man kept pagin, stressin her So I told her what to say just in case he question her (Situations.. will arise, but you gotta be smart about it) No matter what you do, don't talk about us Don't give him no info, he'll be lost without it Just keep your mouth shut, we could do this again Bring a friend! [Verse Two: Jay-Z] Guess who's back in my motherfuckin house Half black, half white chick, I call her Minnie Mouse Whoo! We always hook up when we out  We do what we like to do and then we out But lately I've been havin the strangest feelings Your boy Young Hov' catchin feelings and it's messin up my dealings cause mami's not willin to leave her boyfriend, she call me her toy-friend Said, "We was just 'sposed to hook up and have a blast" She called me her emergency dick-in-a-glass Hehehe.. I had to laugh for a second Had to check myself, get my mackin back in perspective I slack for a second but I'm back, no question Like I walk with a +Kane+, "Ain't No Half-Steppin'" ... Jeah, and on that note Iceberg Slim is back to rock a boat, c'mon! [Ph.W.] Let's just - fuck all night! Yeah [Jay-Z] Until we both start yawnin [Ph.W.] Yeah [Jay-Z] To the bright Shirley Murdock mornin [Ph.W.] Yeah [Jay-Z] Until we both start yawnin [Ph.W.] Let's just - fuck all night! Yeah [Jay-Z] Let's have breakfast baby [Ph.W.] Yeah [Jay-Z] Have lunch, have dinner, back to breakfast baby [Ph.W.] Yeah [Jay-Z] Let's have breakfast baby Have lunch, have dinner, back to breakfast maybe [Verse Three: Jay-Z] This is - if that kid don't get too suspicious Stop blowin up your digits Showin up livid, claimin he wanna fight But Shawn all business with his type (uh-uh) naw! Shawn just tryna keep the friendship tight Shawn to Sean Paul 'em if you "Gimme the Light" And this way you can stay for life, aight? .. [Ph.W.] Let's just - fuck all night! Yeah [Jay-Z] Until we both start yawnin [Ph.W.] Yeah [Jay-Z] To the bright Shirley Murdock mornin [Ph.W.] Yeah [Jay-Z] Until we both start yawnin [Ph.W.] Let's just - fuck all night! Yeah [Jay-Z] Let's have breakfast baby [Ph.W.] Yeah [Jay-Z] Have lunch, have dinner, back to breakfast baby [Ph.W.] Yeah [Jay-Z] Let's have breakfast baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: The Bounce Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhh, just point out the bounce Uh-huh, show me the bounce, yeah Just point out the bounce, yeah Timbo the king, yeah Young Hov' the king, yeah Just point out the bounce.. Yes, just point out the bounce nigga Yo, listen [Jay-Z] Rumor has it "The Blueprint" classic Couldn't even be stopped by Bin Laden So September 11th marks the era forever of a revolutionary Jay Guevera Now it's a whole museum of, Hov' MCers Everybody dupin the flow, you see 'em Everybody loopin up soul It's like you tryin to make "The Blueprint 2" before Hov' Shout out to Just Bleezy and, Kan-yeezy See how we adjusted the game so easy Chicks barely dancin, glancin every chance they get Like - oh shit, he's so handsome Still in demand in the longest run standin Kidnap rap seven years, no ransom Can't one nigga get it back no rap Young Hov's goin to Canton, I'm now eligible Point out the bounce - and show you how to get this dough in large amounts 'til it's hard to count Point out the bounce - I turn a 8 to an ounce to a whole ki to the R.O.C. Point out the bounce - Timbo the king nigga Uhh, yeah, uhh Point out the bounce - jeah, Young Hov' the king nigga Uhh, I got y'all.. [Jay-Z] For those that think Hov' fingers bling bling'n Either haven't heard the album or they don't know english They only know what the single is, and singled that out to be the meaning of what he is about And bein I'm about my business, not minglin much runnin my mouth, that shit kept lingerin But no dummy, that's the shit I'm sprinklin The album width to keep the registers ringin In real life, I'm much more distinguished I'm like a bloke from London, England Jeah, you jinglin baby See I go right back and I bring 'em in baby Business mind of a Ross Perot, but never lost my soul Crossed the line, I bought pop across the row Then I walk through the hood, where they up to no good Slangin them O's like a real O.G. should Oh, he's good, no he would never sell out he's so young [Verse Three] Magazines call me a rock star, girls call me cock star Billboard, pop star, neighborhood block star Chi-Town go-gettin pimps, we mobsters Gingerbread Man even said, "You're a monster!" Yeah, that's how I feel To be down, you must appeal To the crew, we're rated R O.C., O.G., Bobby Johnson son Ask me, "Rey-Rey, is that yo' car?" I seen MTV, I know who you are You did "Takeover," do you got beef with Nas? I did take over the game, brought back the soul Got tracks to go, got plaques that's gold Platinum to go, yeah that's the flow All I, know, I gots the flow And I don't play cause I'm from Chicago Point out the bounce {*repeat 5X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Paul Anka Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: I Did it My Way Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [singing: Paul Anka] + (Jay-Z) Now, the end is near (Can you believe this shit Guru?) So I face (I'm from the hood man) the final curtain (No the REAL hood the hood, not the RAP hood) (The REAL hood, like three pair of pants) My friends, I'll say it clear (pair of sneakers) (My moms is bustin her ass) State my case (Nigga I'm goin to Japan tomorrow!) Which I'm certain (You understand what I'm sayin? Can you believe that?) I lived a life that's full (They have people, waitin) (at the airport like five days like I'm a Beatle or somethin) (That's really somethin!) And I travelled each, and every highway (Seen the best of the best, the worst of the worst) and more Much more than this (still here) I did it myyyyyy wayyyyyyy Let's try this one [Jay-Z] + (singer) Uhh, yeah... gangsta nigga! Put my hustle down, tore the game up nigga Took your high score down, put my name up nigga Tore the doors down 'til the Hall of Fame is Jigga I did it my way (and more.. much more than this) That's right, it's a beautiful thing man! (I did it myyyyyy wayyyyyyy) I did it my way -- Hovi baby! Momma's youngest and strongest, survived summers like saunas Mastered a corner like Deion in his uniform Pop hurtin assertive, flirted with death Damn near murdered before my first album hit the shelf Grandma's favorite, she could not understand how there's people in the world who wouldn't want me as a neighbor Has to explain to her, you think these folks want me in the penthouse as a reminder that I make top paper? Black entrepeneur, nobody did us no favors Nobody gave us shit, we made us The Rap Pack, I'm Sinatra, Dame's Sam Davis Big's the smart one on the low like Dean Martin We came in this game, not beggin niggaz pardon Demandin y'all respect, hand over a check And while y'all at it, hand over the jet We the reason they ain't hand over Def Jam so quick They new every year I was droppin new product I was raisin the stock up, while buildin the Roc up But that's alright, cause they knew they had to see us When it was time for us to re-up, make us multi-million-ires Je-je-jeah! (And more, much more than this; I did it myyyyyy wayyyyyyy) Jeah! "In My Lifetime" I caught smaller cases, but I had capital Hypocritic system let me right back at you You better hope a rich rapper never attacks you Not even that scratches you, 'specially if you black dude They don't give a shit unless the accused just happen to rap And they can look good by paintin him as bad news Cause in my past, I seen dudes get half of they views exposed to the curb and nobody said a word So imagine how disturbed I was When I seen how big they made my fight scene at the club Let me explain exactly how this shit was This nigga Un yo I scratched him, he went home without an aspirin But it's cool cause he's back friends, and half-inning is over It's in the past and I'm glad, now I'm back to bein Hova Me back with the chaffeur, laid back Helicopter seat, feat inclined, shit feelin like a sofa Helicopter meet me, Teta Vero(?) take me over somewhere peaceful for the weekend now it's back to speakin of vultures So the next time that page six approaches us Here's a quote from Jay, nigga I did it my - way (And more, much more than this; I did it myyyyyy wayyyyyyy) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: Diamond is Forever Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Can you hear me now? Good! (Blueprint 2 baby!) The best of times, it was the worst of times (aoww) It's "The Gift & the Curse" [Chorus: Jay-Z] R.O.C. YEAH, number one click HERE If you represent US, throw them diamonds up YEAH Now let's be CLEAR, I ain't goin no-WHERE Now that you KNOW, holla at your boy HOV'.. (Hov', Hov', Hov') (Hov', Hov', Hov', Hov') [overlapping first Chorus] Yeah, Roc-A-Fella Records You know what diamond is We ain't goin nowhere, put your diamonds up [Jay-Z] Standin in my b-boy stance Free, Beans, Memphis where you at nigga? (Right here) Snatch Cam and it's a rap This here rap belong to us, nobody strong as us, it's a fact Hold up I'm just warmin up, gimme a second to get it back Young Chris, Neek what? Oschino and Sparks Next summer's yo' summer, tear this motherfucker up Young is eternal, my young'uns'll burn you "The Blueprint" birthed, nigga I earthed you, you can't be serious Young cause I'm thirty-two, dressed like I'm twenty-two Flow like a 18, do what I wanna do Goin on my 8th ring, got Phil Jackson's and flow is black magic, I'm at it again Rose Bowl with black karats, "Horse & Carriage" to spend like Mason Betha, chasin this cheddar, to the end of the road because the end I'm told is nearer than we know What can I say but live for today, HOV'! [Jay-Z] Yeah, "The Blueprint 2" homey, follow the moves You put on two tube socks, you couldn't walk in my shoes I was dealt a bad hand, fuck what else could I do but keep somethin up my sleeve that'll help me through But can you believe, everywhere I'm at, models come through Cat-fightin, cat-walkin, it happens often It's true how society don't want me to move into the penthouse building with spectacular views They're like uhh, "He's a menace he could never be a tenant" I'm like ooh, what's a young nigga to do? I bring the brothers to the building give a feeling that I don't give a fuck we just chillin watchin chandelier ceilings high as fuck Old lady, don't blow my high 'specially if you don't know my life, don't make me bring Sharpton in it cause I'm dark-skinneded or dude with the 'fro and the Rainbow Coalition, I'ma victim of a single parent household, born in a mousehole Mousetrap, niggaz wanna know How so, how Jay get up out that, here, yeah I snatched purses I per-se-vered, yeah I had work, fiends purchased, it was clear I was out there sellin hope for despair, but stop there I swear, I only make good from my mouth to God's ears Had to get out the hood And I can't justify genocide But I was born in the city where the skinny niggaz die Born in the city where the skinny niggaz ride And as a skinny nigga I had beef with high size The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Lenny Kravitz Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: Guns & Roses Typed by: Originalhamburglar@yahoo.com Yeah it's magic Uhh, Jay-Z and Lenny Kravitz And it's a Heavy D production you bastards Come on Ha hey yo stop playin man This is real serious Ha (It's the rock) yeah yo [Jay-Z] Lets go Post Postatono, Hov' hangin with Bono U2 can live like Salvatore Ferragamo And U2 can cool out poolside at the Delano And U2 flow like you was out of your mind yo Cause who knew dude that loved apple pies from McDonalds Would soon be the boss of the Big Apple, ya know And who knew dude that played ball for the NBA Would make a mistake on the who knew estates, throw it away Who knew that would be his last shot, who drew up that play They giveth and they taketh life is cruel that way But even a broken clock is right at least two times a day You could have turned Guns into Roses like two times today Now heres something you gotta say two times to Jay I got my shades on waiting for the sun to shine my way Got my boom box, suntan lotion waiting for action They say when you play with skills, good luck could happen Let's go (C'mon) It's the Roc (repeat 4X) That's right [Jay-Z] Things got too hot so I jumped off in this rap shit You got it kris-krossed ain't no turning me backwards Too many District Attorneys concerned with the actions Of one individual he's criminally attached I turned in all my rap chips I'm earning my bachelors While dating all the models and actresses I'm learning all the potholes in every single barrio Trying not to mess up my axis kid On the road to the riches through trafficking Through rappining and whatever's happening Roc-a-wear I'm the young black Ralph Lauren Every time I get out they put me right back in The Michael Corleone of the microphone The Michelangelo of flow I paint pictures with poems I gather no moss like a rolling stone Case the Grim Reaper visits my home, nigga I'm gone c'mon (C'mon) It's the Roc (3X) (C'mon) That's right (C'mon) [Lenny Kravitz: repeat 2X] Life is all about Guns and Roses Bittersweet like friends and foes Some get left behind and some get chosen Just like life, Guns and Roses [Jay-Z] Tote more Guns then Roses, foes is,  visibly shook of the invisible bully, let's go Flowers need water to grow, it gotta rain And in order to experience joy you need pain Every time a baby is born, somebodys slain You know the saying, somebody's lose is another's gain The sun comes out when the water goes down the drain A rainbow then the clouds come out we do it again Everything evens up, you just wait Even a garbage can gets a steak You ain't even a garbage can you have faith But when it turns your way before it turns away Gotta turn that into something you gotta learn from Jay You will get return in your investment if attention you pay let's go (C'mon) It's the Roc (3X) (C'mon) That's right (C'mon) [Lenny Kravitz: repeat 2X] Life is all about Guns and Roses Bittersweet like friends and foes Some get left behind and some get chosen Just like life, Guns and Roses Life is all about Guns and Roses The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ M.O.P. Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: U Don't Know (Remix) Typed by: illegalamigo@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z]  "I'm not trying to be no big thing... no no" You gotta let this one breathe Just Just let it breathe for a second  "I'm not trying to give you, no advice" Yup, Hovi's home! The newest addition to The Roc, M.O.P.  "I don't claim to be" The Blueprint 2 is on it's way  "Noooooooooo philosopher" I know y'all hear my footsteps out there, I'm comin  "But I sure know, this is life... baby, baby" Let's go get 'em Just! [Lil' Fame] Time to dump (FIYAH) dump (FIYAH) Dump (FIYAH) dump (FIYAH) dump (FIYAAAAAAAHHH!)  "You don't know, what you're doing - doing - doing - doing.." It's the Mo' P. (YES!!) And the zip code is 1 (1) 2 (3) THREE, and motherfucker we comin, 100 miles and gunnin I'm still runnin with cats that rob From the era of XL 80's and hatchback Saabs (SAME GAME!) Operation for this "Industry Lockdown" We still tote hammers that go BLAK-OWW, run up if you wanna Believe me dawg, these hammers with they owners Fuck ya G up, have ya with blue Pampers in a coma, and Your family now moan, look, 70 pounds gone A little fuck, shriveled up, with a hospital gown on (WE HOLDIN IT DOWN HOLMES!) Keep pushin we fell bastards To get over, we prowl with slippery shell tactics Jiminy frail bastards, your tracks need tune-ups Lil' niglette! What the fuck you recordin for Nick Jr.?! (THE GAME AIN'T CHANGED!) It just got harder Plus we sponsored by Laze, Dame Dash and Mr. S dot Carter Brownsville (YEP!) We stomp through this bitch all day Rock with my cock out, face the crowd and piss off stage [Billy Danze] Uh, uh, uh I'm from the G side of thangs (OHH) where we ride and bang With a heat dat'll flame, that's how we got the name (WARRIORS!) Embedded in ya brains And someone should be tellin 'em the veterans have came And we're better in the game, YOU BET I'LL MAKE IT RAIN ("27 a gram") My man, it's better than cocaine Now everything will change and this Family will rule the world And you haters can eat a dick up till you hiccup and earl! A decade on the grind, nigga I paid mine So it's my time to shine and for you to ride the pine I wont sit back and rap like these dumb-ass kids I been around, I put it down, I aint these young-ass kids (M.O.P.) The O.G.'s repped and survived around this motherfucker (FIRST FAMILY!) We kept it live around this motherfucker When it's crunch time, we do it our wizzay For shizzle my nigga, learn to grip pistols in B.K. [Jay-Z] WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!! Turn my music high, high, high, high-er MO' fire, more Roc-a-wear attire MO' money, MO' murder now that M.O.P.'s hired MO' further for the Roc Empire, y'all won't serve us Y'ALL nervous, know them guns on full service, ready to fire One body, two body, three body, four Young sittin on paper, I'm above the law Young shittin on haters, I ain't fuckin with y'all For my Brownsville neighbors, "How About Some Hardcore?" And it just get worser, every time I sign my signature in cursive Just add another million to these verses One million, two million, three million, four And the money's really worthless, I'm pissin you off on purpose My nephew's situated, and my mom is straight So I'm ready for whatever drama should come my way And you niggaz rappin to me, so your drama is fake You dudes is noodles, I got more ziti to bake You dudes is cake, I keep two biscuits on the waist Razor blades under the tongue, I will eat your face Appetite for destruction, I am starvin today Got a money hungry lawyer that'll eat the case And that's just food for thought, don't let it go to waste Nigga bite the bullet until you stuffin ya face, ha I done forgot more than you ever learned What you don't know will make your home a permanent urn, nigga!  "Do you believe it!!"  "You don't know, what you're doing - doing - doing - doing.."  "Do you believe it!!"  "You don't know, what you're doing - doing - doing - doing.."  "Do you believe it!!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: Meet the Parents Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Woo! Uhh, uhh It's "The Gift & the Curse" Uhh, uhh yea First they love me then they hate me then they love me again .. they love me again Let's take a trip down.. I gotcha Let's take a trip down memory, lane at the cemetary Rain grey skies, seems at the end of every young black life is this line, "Damn - him already? Such a good kid," got us pourin Henn' already Liquor to the curb for my, niggaz up above When it, cracks through the pavement that's my way of sendin love So, give Big a hug, tell Aa-liyah I said hi 'Til the next time I see her, on the other side He was just some thug that, caught some slugs And we loved him cause, in him we, saw some of us He walked like ussss, talked like ussss His back against the wall, nigga fought like us - damn Poor Isis, that's his momma name Momma ain't strong enough to raise no boy, what's his father name? Shorty never knew him, though he had his blood in him Hot temper, momma said he act just like her husband Daddy never fucked with him, so the streets raised him Isis blamin herself, she wish she coulda saved him Damn near impossible, only men can raise men He was his own man, not even him can save him He put his faith in a, thirty-eight in his waist But when you live by the gun you die by the same fate End up, dead before thirty-eight and umm That's the life of us raised by winter, it's a cold world Old girl turned to coke, tried to smoke her pain away Isis, life just, ended on that rainy day When she got the news her boy body could be viewed down at the City Morgue, opened the drawer, saw him nude Her addiction grew, prescription drugs, shift and brew Angel dust, dipped in WOO! She slipped into, her own fantasy world Had herself pregnant by a different dude But reality bites and, this is her life He wasn't really her husband, though he called her wife It was just this night when, moon was full And the stars were just right, and the dress was real tight Had her soundin like Lisa Lisa - I wonder if I take you home will you still love me after this night? Mike was the hardhead from the around the way that she wanted all her life, shit she wanted all the hype Used to hold on tight when he wheelied on the bike He was a Willie all her life he wasn't really the one to like It was a, dude named Shy who would really treat her right He wanted to run to the country to escape the city life But I-sis, liked this, Broadway life She loved the Gucci sneakers, the red green and whites Hangin out the window when she first seen him fight She was so turned on that she had to shower twice How ironic it would, be some fight that turned into a homicide that'll alter their life See Mike at thirty-two was still on the scene Had a son fifteen that he never saw twice Sure he saw him as an infant, but he dissed on him like "If that was my son, he would look much different. See I'm light-skinnded and that baby there's dark so it's, momma's baby; poppa's maybe." Mike was still crazy out there runnin the streets (fuck niggaz want?) Had his old reliable thirty-eight gun in his reach It's been fourteen years, him and Isis ain't speak He runnin around like life's a peach, 'til one day he approached this thug that, had a mean mug And it looked so familiar that he called him "Young Cuz" Told him, get off the strip but the boy ain't budge (fuck you) Instead he pulled out a newer thirty-eight snub He clearly had the drop but the boy just paused (hold up) There was somethin in this man's face he knew he seen before It's like, lookin in the mirror seein hisself more mature And he took it as a sign from the almighty Lord You know what they say about he who hesitates in war (What's that?) He who hesitates is lost He can't explain what he saw before his picture went blank The old man didn't think he just followed his instinct Six shots into his kid, out of the gun Niggaz be a father, you're killin your son Six shots into his kid, out of the gun Niggaz be a father, you killin your sons Meet the parents.. {*echoes and slows down as it fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Beanie Sigel, Scarface Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: Some How Some Way Typed by: ms_starr1@yahoo.com * * send correction to this typist (Please believe that) Some how some way We gotta make it up out the hood some day Some how some way We gotta make it up out this life Some how some way We gotta make it up out this life Some way we gotta make it up out this life [Jay-Z] Weather we dribble out this motherfucker Rap metaphors and riddle out this motherfucker Work second floors, hospital out this motherfucker Some how we gotta get up out this motherfucker Some day the cops will kill a motherfucker I don't always want to be this drug dealing Motherfucker damn Wish I could take us all on this magic carpet ride Through the sky I Use to play the hall up fifth floor me and my boys we All poor getting high I seen the worst of the worst I deserve every blessing I received I'm from the dirt I planted my seed on unfertile land Myrtle Park Marcy, Flushing and Nostrand and Still I grew some how I knew the sun will shine through And touch my soul take hold of my hand Look man a tree grows in Brooklyn Some how some way I gotta make it up out the hood someday Some how some way I gotta make it up out this life Some way I gotta make it up out this hood someday [Beanie Sigel] Talking:( To old Nell, Sigel street I ain't forget you) Twenty niggas on the block trying to chase that buck Nosey neighbors and haters keep their face on stuck Cops roll up on the pavement break the dice games up Behind smoke kids can't chase the ice cream truck Girls fighting over Rollie young boys hype things up Niggas fighting over Cold young boys light things up All the petty ass wars fuck the night scene up Remember Lil' Eddie man how he light mean up Then they wonder why we light green up Back to back steamers trying to relax but I can't I lean up ain't the L or the refer that steam up It's my head stress to the point I get a fever Thinking bout the block and all the mothers and kids That can't leave and how the Chinks gotta feed'em For the rest of their life fucking wings fried Vegetable rice(gotta be kidding) No breakfast Cap'n Crunch at night Our kids eating lunch at night In their beds all bunched in tight No less than three or four(you know how it go) Two by the foot two by the headboard Man I'm getting scared for them (Yeah I know) Thats how I feel for them And we gotta grip the shorties on the block All they do is smoke weed and drink forties Cop their quarties Enough to get the latest ROC, newest glock, and old Jordies Some how some way We gonna make it up out the hood someday Some how some way We gonna make it up out this life Some how some way We gonna make it up out the hood one day Some way we gonna make it up out this life [Scarface] Right here another lil' story bout this click I claimed Another chapter based on how I get that game Hanging round my neighborhood and bang my street Sit and watch the passer-bys play my sweep South-side sunny side Blocks I run South Vegas, South Paul Nigga all got guns Over here we got this poor (?) get that there We know tomorrow ain't promise so we get that there Fuck sitting in the living room guarding the steps Working inside a slump house starving to death Serving these nigga flippers, quarter-ounces and Zippers agents snapping your picture neighbors Plotting to get ya Situations is critic I was out here to get it Living it like a savage cause nigga I gotta have it And holding back all the mothers for a minute Pumping hard dog Erase enough to walk it down and fuck it all dog Love being willied and your creek gonna rise I'm be a nigga and these streets gonna rise (Some how some way) (Some how some way) I'm be a nigga and these streets gonna rise Some how some way We gotta make it up out the hood some day Some how some way We gotta make it up out this life Some how some way We gotta make it up out the hood some day Some way we gotta make it up out this life ** Whistling** The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: Some People Hate Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [unknown singing] That old fashioned word.. it's a word called LOVE! Called looooove, called looo-oooo-oooo-oooo-oooo-ove [Jay-Z] Oh! This must be the way the nigga 'Pac felt when he made "Me Against the World," "All Eyez on Me" Y'all niggaz got me feelin like all eyes on me, me against the world Mmm, y'all got me on my shit Thought niggaz would appreciate what I did to this game Bein that, I'm flesh of your flesh, blood of your blood Come from the same hood you come from We share basically the same stories Thought niggaz would appreciate what I came and did since ninety-six, every year Somethin must be seriously wrong with the world I know y'all ain't hatin (Some people hate!) Don't tell me niggaz is hatin (Some people hate!) Nah.. you know what I think? (Some people hate!) I think.. (I think they've lost their minds) Think y'all lost your mind Y'all got me on my shit Raw rough and rugged, when addressin the mass public My attitude is fuck it cause motherfuckers love it Got a, chip on my shoulder the size of the Golden Nugget in Vegas And fuck bein famous, I came to get the butters I came from the gutter, my success in this game is sort of like "Pro-jectic Justice," a payment for brushes with police officers, a peace offering From the Gods for the streets I was tossed in 'Til I'm deceased in a coffin I'ma be a beast on these beats, releasin early and often Please, your disdain for the brothers ain't gon' change the numbers It's the strengthenin of chain among us Please, we ain't afraid of none of yas, who want it with us? Ain't nuttin changed since the ninety-six summers, c'mon (Some people hate!) Jeah, uh, yeah (Some people hate!) Uh, uhh, uhh (Some people hate!) Yeah.. you know what I think? (I think they've lost their minds) They say success breeds envy I guess it's just the penalty of leadership I guess I'm what niggaz wanna be and shit Or niggaz just bored, wanna be in shit 'Fore they get to rappin, start believin it Think they Ali and shit I roll with the punches so I survive I bob and weave, move my feet from side to side I'm back, stronger than ever, surprise surprise They try to take me out the game, but I's alive It's like a old negro spiritual, but I mastered Tobey With a splash of Monster Kody, shoot faster than Kobe, nigga You bastards know me, the one and only Big homey from the Roc, I think you pastors lonely You need Jesus in your life.. it's either that or y'all gon' make me put the double Desert Eagles in your life, nigga! (Some people hate!) I know niggaz are hatin man, let me find out (Some people hate!) Jealousy's a weak emotion, y'all gotta overcome that man (Some people kill their brothers) C'mon man be stronger than that.. you know what I think? (I think they've lost their minds) You'll be aight though Au contraire nigga, I am here cause I earned the shit By ridin out, when niggaz had learner's permit We bring the knives out, or we let them burners spit I bring them pies out if niggaz wanna burn the strip Bring your rides out, bring your buggy eyes out, turn your 6 I laid back in the Maebach Nigga this the payback, I know you bitch niggaz from way back Niggaz wanna clown but the pound it don't play dat Get yourself found, drowned, where the lake at Run up on 'em +Notoriously+, "Take that!" (take that) And then we comin where your wake at Eight maniac cats strapped with gats, you can hate that Face facts, fake rap cats can't take back what I took back to the Brook', look (Some people hate!) (Some people hate!) (Some people kill their brothers) (I think they've lost their minds) (And I'm hung up.. ohh..) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: Blueprint 2 Typed by: Rockshade3@aol.com [Jay-Z] Jay-Z this, Jay-Z that (Jay-Z won't hold my hand no more) Jay-Z this, Jay-Z that Jay-Z that, Jay-Z this (Jay-Z won't give me no money) Get off Jay-Z dick What y'all niggas get front page articles, y'all mention Jay-Z name (This thing on?) Jay-Z, Jay-Z, in Jay-Z news I understand what y'all trying to do I brought the flutes this time, though I unleashed the flutes on them, guru Gimme some more music in the headphone Let's get the proceedings proceeding this evening Let's do this thing (let's do it right this time) C'mon H, O V A I got my mojo back baby, oh behave Naw, naw, don't be afraid Y'all and your articles, hard to spit at Jay Y'all from afar threw thoughts my way What you thought, I would naught have nothing to say? Nope! Y'all fell into the booby trap I set the trap just to see dude react, and now And now you'se can't leave You opened the door god, I'm at you annually And I'm sorry Miss Rosie Perez I call a spade a spade, it just is what it is But you can't give cred to anything dude says Same dude to give you ice and you owe him some head (Shortyyyy!) It's time to wake up the dead You sound a little naive in them articles that I read [Hook] (x2) H, O V A The Blueprint 2 baby, on the way H, O V A I got my mojo back baby, oh behave [Jay-Z] Can't y'all, see that he's fake, the rap version of TD jakes Prophesizing on your CDs and tapes Won't break you a crumb of the little bit that he makes And this is with whom you want to place your faith? I put dollars on mine, ask Columbine When the Twin Towers dropped, I was the first in line Donating proceeds off every ticket sold When I was out on the road, that's how you judge Hov, no? Ain't I supposed to be absorbed myself? Every time there's a tragedy, I'm the first one to help They call me this misogynist, but they don't call me the dude To take his dollars to give gifts at the projects These dudes is all politics, depositing checks they put in they pocket, all you get in return is a lot of lip And y'all buy the shit, caught up in the hype Cause the nigga wear a coofie, it don't mean that he bright Cause you don't understand him, it don't mean that he nice It just means you don't understand all the bullshit that he write Is it "Oochie Wally Wally" or is it "One Mic"? Is it "Black Girl Lost" or shorty owe you for ice? I've been real all my life, they confuse it with conceit Since I will not lose, they try to help him cheat But I will not lose, for even in defeat There's a valuable lesson learned, so it evens up for me When the grass is cut, the snakes will show I gotta thank the little homie Nas for that though Saving me the hassle of speaking to half of these assholes And I'ma let karma catch up to Jaz-O, whoa I'm back before you had a chance to miss me My mama can't save you this time, niggas is history Who you know flow vicious as me? Yet so religiously, that's why they call me Hov I get the spoils cause the victor is me (me, nigga) You're an actor, you're not who you're depicted to be The street dreamin, all y'all niggas living through me I gave you life when niggas was forgetting you emcee I'm a legend, you should take a picture with me You should be happy to be in my presence, I should charge you a fee I'm Big Dog, Glenn Rob, listen God you a flea And the little homey Jungle is a garden to me What's the problem B? You not as hard as me Nigga hard as we, nigga R O C, nigga That's why they follow me, they feel my pain and my agony, nigga I won't rest till you on one knee You want war then it's war's gonna be, nigga Until you on one knee, you want war then it's war's gonna be, nigga [Hook] (x2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Pharrell Williams (Neptunes), Young Chris Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: Nigga Please Typed by: DCSuspence@aol.com [Pharrell] What, uh, c'mon.. uh Keep the change, my nigga (it's too late) It's too late for that Don't gotta to spit that game Keep the change, my nigga, it's too late for that Keep the change, my nigga, it's too late for that [Jay-Z: speaking over Pharrell] Uh, uh, young, Neptunes, Young Chris, ROC Uh, pimp stroll, pop my collar, hug the block, get dollars Pimp stroll, pop my collar, hug my nuts, bitch holla [Chorus: Pharrell] My nigga, please - you ain't signin no checks like these My nigga, please - you pushin no wheels like these My nigga, please - you ain't holdin no techs like these My nigga, please - you don't pop in vest like these [Jay-Z] My nigga please, uh-huh, uh This my world, pimp stroll, let's do this [Verse One: Jay-Z] Nigga please, you ain't start out from your trunk Then reach the roof, just to put your roof in your trunk Nigga please, chumps don't tour like us You on the road a million hours, I fly over your bus Nigga please, you ain't got your neck all froze With the same logo that you got sketched on your clothes Nigga please, you don't be gettingno hoes With La Perla on they cheeks, can't be messin with cheap chicks Nigga please, you seldom seen with chicks in 7 jeans Manolo Blahnik, I'm goin through they body like an ultrasonic You ain't got 'em blowin no chronic Divine intervention, y'all can't prevent me from shinin Nigga please, I been around the world I damn near beat Jordan in around-the-world Nigga please, you can't even hold my shoes I got wannabes who wannabe me that sound (nigga) better than you [Chorus] + ad libs [Verse Two: Jay-Z] Ahhh! Pimp strollin on 'em Black diamonds, rose goldin on 'em, paper foldin on 'em Snuck pass the dog noses with the Folger's on 'em Ki's, Saran Wrap with petroleum on 'em Snitch got pinched but he told it on 'em Lawyers got it adjourned, 'til I schools him on 'em There's no witnesses, it's no holdin on 'em Just George Jefferson strollin on 'em, uhh Nigga please, this is me, this is real as it be My, videos is like Real TV That chick, that's me, that 6, that's me That boat, I had it on the Mediterranean sea Nigga please [Chorus] + ad libs [Verse Three: Young Chris] Yo, yo Nigga please, y'all ain't seein no checks like these (no) Y'all don't run up in record labels demandin respect like we Y'all don't rock your Roc-A-Wear Nike checks like we Y'all coach class, y'all never private jet like we My nigga please, y'all don't smoke the sour diesel like us You don't go to Pop and get ya flour cheaper than us Knock it off in three hours and repeat it like us And repeat it we must, y'all don't re-up like us Ay, y'all ain't bein like us, 'cause y'all don't see it like us The move the D's when they rush My nigga please, they must be on E's and dust Then niggas f'in with pills, y'all don't get G's like us My nigga please, y'all young'ns ain't got O.G.s like me B. Sig, Young Hov', Dame Dash, Kareem Nigga please, somebody must've gassed your team Think a nigga outrun or outlast gangrene (GangGreen) My nigga please [Chorus] + ad libs [Pharrell] Amazin man, got your aerosol I made my money! I don't trouble the law I keep the womens around I drive the gremlins crazy You wanna know the time? Better have your shades, see My nigga please [Chorus] + ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Timbaland Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: 2 Many Hoes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhh, yeah, uh-uhh-uh Uh-huh, uh-uh-uhh, uhh, uhh I ain't tryin to be RUDE DUDE but give a nigga some space I ain't tryin to be rude dude Just, give a nigga some space Just tryin to talk honey dog I ain't got time to waste (check it) {*Jay-Z sings*} Why is you over here lookin at me while all these girls up in here? [Jay-Z] What you gay? Nigga Jay straight like indian hair Y'all don't want me to spray the semi in here I mean if you a fan I consider you fam' But shake a nigga hand, but shit god damn All that ("Do you remember me dawg?") Nah I'm drawin a blank You got me feelin like a fish, in a fish tank Just think, if you came to a club Tryin to find a little hon for some one-night love 'Stead you got another nigga all up in your mug You make me uncomfortable thug, go thatta-way! And kill the ice grill homes Cause I keep enough heat to melt THAT away I came in some sweats, I came to get met Tryin to find a chick that make it hard for me to "next!" We exit stage left, hope in the Lexus Treat me like a baby, mouth on her breast-es .. may I suggest that it's a lot of long-legged chicks in short-ass dresses .. go find you one Go get your dance on, go grind on one, damn .. go find you one Go get your dance on, go grind on one Quick question - yo, why you over here? So many hoes in here My office hours 9 to 5, whyon'tcha call me there It's so many hoes in here I ain't tryin to be rude dude, whyon'tcha dissapear? There's so many hoes in here I understand you got issues but I really don't care There's so many hoes in here [Jay-Z] Yea yea yea I know you rap and your sister spit too You been callin the office and you can't get through I understand all that, but now ain't the time I came to the club to get that off my mind And all you thugs with your war stories startin to bore me I ain't tryin to hear about your guts and glory I'm tryin to hear B.I.G. and some cuts from Nore And you keep talkin over the beat like Clue ("Do you remember?") .. go find somethin to do You're a janitor, go find somethin to screw Disappear like Copperfield, go cop a feel Play hide and seek witchaself for real, huh The chick came dressed up just to get messed up She got her hair done, just to get it sweated up Shit I'm tryin to help her out Whyon'tcha help me out and be out? [Jay-Z] Jeah, jeah, jeah [Timbaland: repeat 3X] You're invadin my space You need to, be easy, ahh You're invadin my space C'mon dawg, be easy, ahh [Timbaland] Uh-uh, I don't know why they do that Heh, I don't understand Heh, what you need to do, is.. [Timbaland: repeat 3X] Stop spittin in my face and go talk to them hoes in here C'mon dawg, stop spittin in my face and go talk to them hoes in here Be easy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Freeway, Memphis Bleek, Peedi Crakk, Sparks, Young Guns & Rell Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: As One Typed by: bickitybam@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Rell] We're the ones with the flame (Jay-Z: "Yeah") We're the fire that remains (Jay-Z: "Turn Rell up a little bit") We're controllin' the game from now on (Jay-Z: "Huh") [Jay-Z] Yeah! It's the world reknown Internationally connected Locally accepted Roc-A-Fella Records Don't get it confused (Rell: "Roc, baby") Doin' what we do (Rell: "It's The Roc, baby") B. Sig., Rell, Peedi Crakk, Free, Young H-O, Bleek (Rell: "You understand") Introducin' [Young Chris] It's Young C (Neef: "Young C!") Home of Philly, young and hungry All the girlies wanna fall in lust with me And every hood in the world discussin' me I hated once when I didn't give it up to Neef [Neef] It's Neef Buck (Chris: "Neef Buck!") Out the cut (Chris: "Out the cut!") All the haters wanna claim that they fuck with us It ain't a game, niggas know that they Toys R Us They can't fuck with us [Young Chris] AAAWWWWWW [Sparks] I'm the one Man I'm money, hoes, clothes and shows To do with your ho all wrapped in one I'm not done Man, I'm the shit after its all said and done The one to cop one, come back for another one Quick fast, like rapid refund I'm the grrrrrrr mean green out the money machine I'm not done I'm Omilio, and interviews thought you could hold Sparks in the hood [Jay-Z] And you like it [Young Chris] All those haters talkin shit we don't like it [Beanie Sigel] We love it That black mask, black glove shit Roll up on him don't budge, bitch With my mack, and my tech And my vest, just like that For them niggas thinkin' Mack Milli not really from the streets I'm that gallstone trapped in the belly of the beast [Rell] Those seen here we'll lead you forever And we will not leave you, never And our voices will ring (Sparks: "rrriinngg") together As one [Young Chris] AAAWWWWW [Freeway] It's young Free Move, workin' the wheel Hand jerkin' the V Busters don't let you crossed the line Thinkin I'm off my job But I'm on like Chris when he popped his cuz Thinkin them slugs'll fly [Peedi Crakk] Call me P.C. Tempers feelin', I peel Look how I'm killin' the wheel The fitted tilt to the left The shirt blend with the sweats Your girls skirts invest She undressin', don't stare Check the picture nigga [Jay-Z] I'm the one Young H-O, a game of one What you think I'd do to the brain of that dame you brung Listen hon, twist one, this Armi, sip some It's only 40 proof, it feel like 151 When I'm done Make a run with The Roc Rock Air Force 1's Rock a bun, hide shit in her hair when I come Through customs, cops can't bust him It's Hov the Hustler, I'm having one hell of a run [Jay-Z] And you like it [Young Chris] All those haters talkin' shit we don't like it [Memphis Bleek] No, we love it I got a mommy with a body, don't touch it You can't fuck wit Young Easy, I on the Just Blaze production You get nothin' We get enough spins Can't stop us from coppin bottles while we clubbin' It's the R-O-C forever, tell the public, huh! [Rell] Those seen here we'll lead you forever And we will not leave you, never And our voices will ring (Sparks: "rrriinngg") together As one [Young Chris] AAAWWWWW The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: A Ballad for the Fallen Soldier Typed by: chuteboxe2k2@yahoo.com.au [Jay-Z] This here's a ballad for all the fallen soldiers I'ma bout ta show you how a hustlers life (this is life man) and a soldier's life, parallel And the one thing they got in common is pain (forget about me for a second) Picture split screen On one side we got a hustler getting ready for the block (human beings) Other side you got the soldier getting ready for boot camp (soldiers) They're both at war (this is life) Stay with us Did you ever notice, before you think, life goes fast So don't you worry, about what you see, it will pass [Verse 1] You lost him mama, the war's callin him Feel it's his duty to fall in line with all of them He's a soldier Rose through the ranks as the head of your household Now its time to provide bank, like he's supposed ta Now just remember while he's going to November There's part of him growing up His shirts soaks up your tears as he holds ya Your heart beatin so fast speeding his pulse up Yeah I know it sucks, Life aint a rosebud A couple of speed bumps, you gotta take your lumps Off to boot camp, the worlds facing terror Bin Laden been happenin in Manhattan Crack was anthrax back then, back when Police was Al'Qaeda to black men While I was out there hustling sinning with no religion He was off the wall killing for a living [Verse 2] Days turn to nights, nights turn to years Years turn to, "How the fuck we make it in here?" My barracks average couple fights a day Get you locked in a hole wont see the light of day And I feel like I'm just writing my life away I never thought shit could end up quite this way There's a war going on outside no man is safe from I'm here for the good fight only the fakes run I'm here for the purple heart, if I cant take one For my team or my siblings whats my reason for living? I love my niggaz more then anything else This war's about my family, me needin the wealth You dont understand how useless as men we felt Till you become a 5 star general Shout out to my niggaz that's locked in jail P.O.W.'s thats still in the war for real Your baby boy is getting grown So your baby boy is moving on I've gotta chase (gotta chase it) If I'm gonna make it (gonna make it) Your baby boy is getting grown So your baby boy is moving on I'm gonna make it Even if I gotta take it (gotta take it) [Verse 3] Mama said pray your sons becoming a man This wars taxin to 'em like Uncle Sam He ain't gon' always make the right choice, understand Every choice that he make he makes it for his fam It's death before dishonor And if hes gone you should honor his memory Don't cry we all gonna die eventually But if he's locked in the penetentiary send him some energy They all winners to me (What's up kid?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: Show You How (Bonus) Typed by: Vientemporo@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Jay-Z] Catch up, niggas Damn you fadin' hov, how you gave 'em that? All the martika, with the alligator strap Sick of y'all niggaz with ya now or later raps Rap about it now, hope you get it later Do a couple shows, hope you niggas is savin' up I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON This particular watch be a one of one That means none before it, none to come The homie that's rappin' be the only one that has it I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON You ain't heard? I push the sixes when the fives is out You can't fight me, in the porsche I'll box you out I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON We don't drive X5's we give 'em to baby-mammas Push the big top that shake like the canvas, chickens snackbox I get it crackin' when I'm backing out the garage A 360 drop farage, shutdown manhattan Bucket low, like fuck it, though Nights on, daytime, lights on, hell yeah I'm frontin' but you love it, though I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON  Nigga I'm a check writer your royalty recievers Y'all eaten off Pa Dem, on the low like a cesar Pay ya taxes, you niggaz is husttlin' backwards I cop and crash whips, Jay is a bastard I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON How you want it, my jeans is 300 This ain't Diesel, nigga, these is Evisu Top is rock, you know the rest A big bucket of frozen water on my chest I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON Get a crate, some crack, and some house slippers A newspaper, look out boy, and get ya chips up Or get a gun, a mask an escape route Some ducktape'll make 'em take you to the house And ma don't give him nothin', unless he treatin' you special Soon he'll get desperate, and go down and bless you And when he come up for air, with a mouth full of hair Just grab your coach bag and get the fuck outta there, yeah I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS HON Look, think big, fuck getting your nails done Think cars, cribs, jewels, some shit for your son Don't let 'em give you, hard dick and bubble gum Make him cop the Lex bubble, 2001 hon I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS HON And if your man got you bangin' up, it could be worse Just put a little in the baggy, put a little in the purse The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: Bitches & Sisters Typed by: jasper00711@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist (Let's describe a certain female) (Let's describe a certain female) (Let's describe a certain female) [Jay-Z] (Bitch) you know my name and the company I own (Bitch) you like my style and you smell my cologne (Bitch) don't try to act like my track-record ain't known (Bitch) you probably gotta couple CD's in your home (Bitch) don't make me say it twice, you acting all up tight Also diddy like, like, like You ain't a (Bitch), I ain't no ball player, you ain't gonna get pregnant again Hit off with paper, you gonna get hit off and slid off Before the neighbors take off to go to work So just, take off your shirt, don't hit me with that church shit (Bitch) I got a sister who schooled me to shit you chickens do Tricking fools, got a whole Robin Givens crew that I kick it to They be hipping dudes, how you chickens move, I be listening to (Bitch) (Bitch) (Bitch) Don't make me say it thrice, you acting all up tight Also diddy like, like You ain't a (Bitch), You ain't no better cuz you don't be fucking rappers You only fuck with actors, you still getting fucked backwards (Bitch) Unless you fucked a dude on his own merit And not the way he dribbles or ball or draw leverage You're a (Bitch), No ma, you're a (Bitch) (Let's describe a certain female) (Let's describe a certain female) (Let's describe a certain female) Say Jay-Z, why you gotta go and disrespect the women for? Uh [Jay-Z] (Bitch) Sisters get respect, bitches get what they deserve SIsters work hard, bitches work your nerves Sisters hold you down, bitches hold you up Sisters help you progress, bitches will slow you up Sisters cook up a meal, play their role with the kids Bitches in street with their nose in your biz Sisters tell the truth, bitches tell lies Sisters drive cars, bitches wanna ride Sisters give-up the ass, bitches give-up the ass Sisters do it slow, bitches do it fast Sisters do their dirt outside of where they live Bitches have niggers all up in your crib Sisters tell you quick "you better check your homie" Bitches don't give a fuck, they wanna check for your homie Sisters love Jay cuz they know how 'Hov is I love my sisters, I don't love no bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: What They Gonna Do Part II Typed by: toyainva@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Oh yeah, uh oh Y'all know who it is (he's back) If you with me, throw the diamond up one time Ladies, if you with me, just grind to the bass line Niggas, don't be scared to grab her from behind And make her show out her wild side, stick out her backside Now what the fuck they gon' do with me Got money, got broads, got a crew with me Real as banana clips, I got a Sue with me Get down or lay down nigga to shoot with me Now how the fuck they gon' deal with me I ain't going nowhere, they gotta deal with me Got the whole BK ready to kill with me You scared motherfucker, keep it real with me, keep it real with me Now what the fuck they gon say to me Got to clap, yi mean all day with me, CLAP, yi mean Don't play with me, CLAP, yi mean Stay with me, don't lose me y'all And please don't confuse me with dog, I'm different I bought it back for a living 33 O's on a bitch back like Pippen 3 She can keep for herself and distribute 36 O's and a ki, you do the addition Before Mitchell and Ness did it I was moving birds like a Oriole fitted I'm Cal Ripken Jr. let's get it Hon' what they gon' say to you Got your hair did and your favorite shoes Tell'em don't play with you, get'em away from you You need a baller like I, call'em like I See'em like naaaa Move over y'all amateurs No, you not balling that's Pro-Am shit Oh, stop calling that's hoe-man shit Stop falling asleep that's old man shit I stands up in it like a champ up in it Be up in it so long, get my calls transferred in it No more minute man in it Get my Soundscan, BDS, and Market and Glance in it What they gon do' You got starch in your flow I flow too many ways, got a arch in my flow All sorts of flow, Rembrandt, Rilkey I am art with the flow Even if I'm filthy, you gotta pardon the flow Niggas taking it lightly, had to darken the flow Way I put it together, tear'em apart with the flow I'm too smart with the flow, you just started the flow Stop it youngin, you 106th & Park with the flow I am pro, as you see I'm off the charts with the flow Actually I'm number one on the charts with the flow In some places they say this, I am God with the flow Like my office, but they're biased, too involved with the flow (Oh no) I am the youth spirit, I am y'all with the flow Troubled man, dare I say, I am Mar with the flow I come up hard but I evolve with the flow Crossover, slam dunk, Rucker Park with the flow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Blueprint 2.1 Song: Excuse Me Miss Again Typed by: Jp2o@aol.com [Hook: Pharrell] Memph Bleek always smoking that lalala....(Hooo) Beanie Sigel always smoking that lalala....(Hooo) Neptunes track smoke like lalala... (Hooo) It's the ROC baby, SING OUR LULLABY Come on! Excuse me miss, I'm the shit (do you want me to do it?) You should come, hang wit me, basically (do you want me to do it?) Hold up, skip all the singin' lets go ride tonight, mami (Come on now...Uhhh) [Jay-Z] I know my English ain't as modest as you like But come, get some, you little bums I take the cake from under the baker's thumbs I bake the cake get two of them for one Then I move the +weight+ like I'm +Oprah's son+ Uhhh, I show you how to do this son Young don't mess wit chicks in Burberry patterns Fake Manolo boots straight from Steve Madden (un-uh) He padded hisself the rap JFK, you wanna pass for my Jaqueline Onassis Then hop ya ass out that S-class Lay back in that maebach, roll the best grass, I ask... Have you in your long-legged life ever seen a watch surrounded by this much pink ice? (uhh) Look but don't touch, muthafucker think twice Cause the gat that I clutch got a little red light Need a light?... [Hook] To smoke that lalala...(Hooo) Beanie Sigel always smoking that lalala....(Hooo) Memph Bleek always smoking that lalala....(Hooo) It's the ROC mami, SING OUR LULLABY Come on! [Jay-Z] We got brothers full of Arme, mamis in Manolo Bags by Chanel, Louis Vuitton logos All attracted to Hov' because they know dough When they see him, which be European If you're a +te-en+ (ten) chances your wit +him+ If you're a five you know you ridin' wit th-em Sick wit the pen nigga, no position in the world could fix him No prescription, you could prescribe to subside his affliction He's not a sane man, more like reign man twitchin' You can't rain dance on his picnic No Haitian voodoo, no headless chickens can dead his sickness (whoo) No Ouija board, you can't see me dog, nigga you +CB4+ This ain't +Chris Rock+ bitch, it's the ROC bitch And I'm the +franchise+ like a Houston Rocket Nawimean (Yao Ming)... [Hook] Still smoking that lalala... Memph Bleek still smoking that lalala.... Beanie Sigel, desert eagle to fo' to five.... It's the ROC baby, SING OUR LULLABY Come on! [Jay-Z] Forget English talk body language I be all over mamis like body painters Pink diamond necklace, strawberry wrist Please excuse yourself, you're very sick Don't confuse me wit marbury out this bitch Run up on me at the light, you could lose your life Muh'fuckas must be smoking they lalala la crack .45 gun smoke, choke off that Back to the music, I ain't wit all that Plus the feds tappin my music I get all that I'm THE public industry number one Public industry number two is my whole crew R-O-C And I ain't concerned wit' who like me, who like you That's gay, I ain't into likin' dudes no way But get a pen, I can tell you pricks my plans for the future I never make the news again my man'll shoot ya [Hook] As we, smoke that lalala...(Hooo) Memphis Bleek always smoking that lalala....(Hooo) Beanie Sigel, desert eagle to fo' to five....(Hooo) It's the ROC bitch SING OUR LULLABY Come on! [Pharrell] Do you want me to do it... come watch me now, uhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Blueprint 2.1 Song: Stop Typed by: cpsmith@bu.edu * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Swizz Beats] Swizzy...Beats... Aiyo I cannot (Stop), I will not (Stop) AS WE PROCEED [Verse 1] Young Hov got the block on smash Put the gun to the back and hop on some ass Nigga fresh-dressed and stay poppin' tags Put the (?) on the truck 'for I drop the rag Bitches want to bring up the topic of my past It's legendary in the hood how I got my cash I'm legendady in the hood so I got the mag And I've never been a fronter so I've got to blast Will I flash... Not... As I'm not playing with you motherfuckers the casket drops You bastards not gon' assassinate the name I got Ya'll hear me though Young Hov got the block on smash And everybody and their momma want to stop my cash Everybody want drama with the top of the brass 'Til I come through hop out the cab 1-8-7 they ass [Bridge] (Stop) Somebody 'gon (Drop) Ya'll hear me though... [Verse 2] Young Hov got the game in a frenzy Twenty million sold all independently So when you mention me Make sure you got together your 'semblies Like "he's the games J.F.Kennedy" I started out I ain't have no chimney My ma was Santa Claus, well at least she pretended to be 'Til one night, well that's if memory serves me correct I caught her under the Christmas tree Young Hov ain't have no pops Thank God man I had the block Ya'll hear me though You young fucks got the game all wrong This is my life man this ain't no song You ain't livin' your rhymes out, you live at your mom's house In that tight-ass room, pullin' the cars out And the mirror pointin' at your reflection, killing yourself You American Pie, stop feeling yourself Nigga, you just a worker, go deal yourself Stop being a server, get a meal yourself Where your heart at, all that yick-yack, ain't nobody scared of your gats We got bigger ones How many niggas done shot at me shivering They were so scared they ain't hit me once Young Hov 'bout to go to the range 'Bout to work on perfecting my aim The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Black Album Song: December 4th Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Gloria Carter] Shawn Carter was born December 4th Weighing in at ten pounds, eight ounces He was the last of my four children The only one who didn't give me any pain, when I gave birth to him And that's how I knew, that he was a special child "Hi baby, what's wrong? You look like, you've lost your best friend  Tell me, is it something that I've done again?  You look like, you've lost your best friend  Tell me.." [Verse One: Jay-Z] They say they never really miss you 'til you dead or you gone So on that note I'm leavin after this song See you ain't gotta feel no way about Jay so long At least let me tell you why I'm this way, hold on I was conceived by Gloria Carter and Adnus Reeves Who made love under the sycamore tree Which makes me, a more sicker MC and my momma would claim At ten pounds when I was born I didn't give her no pain Although through the years I gave her her fair share I gave her her first real scare, I made up for birth when I got here She knows my purpose wasn't hurt cause I ain't perfect, I care But I feel worthless cause my shirts wasn't matchin my gear Now I'm just scratchin the surface cause what's buried under there Was a kid torn apart once his pop disappeared I went to school, got good grades, could behave when I wanted But I had demons deep inside that would raise when confronted Hold on [Interlude: Gloria Carter] Shawn was a very shy child growing up He was into sports, and a funny story is At four, he taught himself how to ride a bike A two-wheel at that, isn't that special? But, I noticed a change in him.. when me and my husband, broke up [Verse Two: Jay-Z] Now all the teachers couldn't reach me and my momma couldn't beat me Hard enough to match the pain of my pop not seein me SO! With that disdain in my membrane Got on my pimp game, fuck the world, my defense came Then Dehaven introduced me to the game Spanish Jose introduced me to 'caine; I'm a hustler now My gear is in, and I'm in the in-crowd And all the wavy light-skinned girls is lovin me now My self-esteem went through the roof, man I got my swag' Got a vocal from this girl when her man got bagged Plus I hit my momma with cash from a show that I had supposedly - knowin nobody paid Jaz whack ass I'm gettin ahead of myself, by the way, I could rap That came second to me movin this crack Give me a second I swear, I would say about my rap career 'til ninety-six came, niggaz I'm here - goodbye! [Interlude: Gloria Carter] - *talking Shawn used to be in the kitchen, beating on the table and rapping  And umm, into the wee hours of the morning And then I brought him a boombox And his sisters and brothers said that he would drive them nuts  But, that was my way to keep him close to me, and out of trouble [Verse Three: Jay-Z] Goodbye to the game all the spoils, the adrenaline rush Your blood boils, you in a spot, knowin cops could rush at you in the drop, you so easy to touch No two days are alike, except the 1st and 15th pretty much And trust, is a word you seldom hear from us Hustlers, we don't sleep, we rest one eye up And a drought could define a man when the well dries up You learn the worth of water Without work you thirst 'til you die - YUP! And niggaz get tied up for product And little brothers ring fingers get cut up to show mothers they really got 'em And this is the stress I lived with 'til I decided to try this rap shit for a livin I pray I'm forgiven - for every bad decision I made Every sister I played - cause I'm still paranoid to this day And it's nobody fault, I made the decisions I've made This is the life I chose, or rather the life that chose me If you can't respect that, your whole perspective is whack Maybe you'll love me when I fade to black If you can't respect that, your whole perspective is whack Maybe you'll love me when I fade to black Now if you can't respect that, your whole perspective is whack Maybe you'll love me when I fade to black If you can't respect that, your whole perspective is whack Maybe you'll love me when I fade to black.. {*fading out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Black Album Song: What More Can I Say Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [samples of Maximus from "Gladiator" - Russell Crowe] "Are you not entertained? Are you not entertained?" "Is this not why you are here?" [Jay-Z] Uh uh-huh.. Uh uh-huh UHH {*crowd noise gets louder*} Turn the music up, turn me down Guru.. let's go get 'em again This time it's for the money my nigga Brooklyn, stand up [Verse One] There's never been a nigga this good for this long This hood, or this pop, this hot, or this strong With so many different flows there's one for this song The next one I switch up, this one will get bit up These fucks, too lazy to make up shit, they crazy They don't, paint pictures, they just, trace me You know what? Soon they forget where they plucked they whole style from, they try to reverse the outcome I'm like - TOUGH! I'm not a biter I'm a writer for myself and others I say a B.I.G. verse, I'm only biggin up my brother Biggin up my borough, I'm big enough to do it I'm that thorough, plus I know my own flow is foolish So them rings and things you sing about, bring 'em out It's hard to yell when the bar-rell's in your mouth I'm in - new sneakers, dual-seaters Few divas, what more can I tell you? Let me spell it for you Double-U I, double-L, I-E Nobody truer than, H-O-V And I'm back for more, New York's ambassador Prime Minister, back to finish my business up What more can I sayyyyyyyyyyy? What more can I doooooooooooo? I gave this up to youuuuuuuuu I know this much is truuuuuue, truuuuuuue [Jay-Z] What more can I say to you? You heard it all [Verse Two] You already know what I'm about, flyin birds down South Movin wet off the step, "Purple Rain" in a drought Stuntin on hoes; brushin off my shirt But ain't nuttin on my clothes 'cept my chain, my name Young H-O pitch the yay faithful Even if they patrol I make payroll Benz paid fo', friends they roll Private jets down to Turks and Caicos Crist' caseloads, I don't give a shit Nigga one life to live, I can't let a day go by without me bein fly or fresh to death Head to toe 'til the day I rest And I don't wear jerseys, I'm thirty plus Give me a crisp pair of jeans, nigga button up S. Dots on my feet make my cipher complete What more can I say? Guru play the beat! We gon' let this ride into the hook - I'ma snap my fingers on this one What more can I say to you? - Get my grown man on LET'S GO! (What more can I sayyyyyyyyyyy?) [Verse Three] Now you know yo' ass is Willie when they got you in the mag for like half a billy, and yo' ass ain't lily white that mean that shit you write must be illy Either that or your flow is silly - it's both I don't mean to boast, but damn if I don't brag Them crackers gon' act like I ain't on they ass The Martha Stewart, that's far from Jewish Far from a Harvard student, just had the balls to do it And no I'm not through with it In fact, I'm just previewin it This ain't the show, I'm just EQ'n it One-two and I won't stop abusin it To groupie girls, stop false accusin it Back to the music - the Maybach roof is translucent Niggaz got a problem Houston! Heh What up B, they can't shut up me Shut down I, not even P.E., I'ma ride God forgive me for my brash delivery But I remember vividly what these streets did to me So picture me lettin these clowns nitpick at me Paint me like a pickany I will literally kiss T.T. in the forehead Tell her please forgive me then squeeze until you full 'head I'm not the one to score points off, in fact I got a joint that'll knock yo' points off Young, Hova the God, nigga blasphemy I'm at the Trump International, ask for me I ain't never scared, I'm everywhere you ain't never there And nigga, why would I ever care? Pound for pound I'm the best to ever come around here Excludin nobody, look what I embody The soul of a hustler, I really ran the street A CEO's mind, that marketin plan was me And no I ain't get shot up a whole bunch of times Or make up shit in a whole bunch of lines And I ain't animated like say I +Busta Rhymes+ But the real shit you get when you bust down my lines Add that to the fact I went plat' a bunch of times Times that by my influence on pop culture I'm supposed to be number one on everybody list We'll see what happens when I no longer exist Fuck this! (What more can I sayyyyyyyyyyy?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Black Album Song: Encore Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind Now can I get an encore, do you want more Cookin raw with the Brooklyn boy So for one last time I need y'all to roar Now what the hell are you waitin for After me, there shall be no more So for one last time, nigga make some noise [Verse One] Who you know fresher than Hov'? Riddle me that The rest of y'all know where I'm lyrically at Can't none of y'all mirror me back Yeah hearin me rap is like hearin G. Rap in his prime I'm, young H.O., rap's Grateful Dead Back to take over the globe, now break bread I'm in, Boeing jets, Global Express Out the country but the blueberry still connect On the low but the yacht got a triple deck But when you Young, what the fuck you expect? Yep, yep Grand openin, grand closin God your man Hov' cracked the can open again Who you gon' find doper than him with no pen just draw off inspiration Soon you gon' see you can't replace him with cheap imitations for DESE GENERATIONS [Chorus] - 1/2 {What the hell are you waiting forrrr?} [Verse Two] {*sighs*} Look what you made me do, look what I made for you Knew if I paid my dues, how will they pay you When you first come in the game, they try to play you Then you drop a couple of hits, look how they wave to you From Marcy to Madison Square To the only thing that matters in just a matter of years (yea) As fate would have it, Jay's status appears to be at an all-time high, perfect time to say goodbye When I come back like Jordan, wearin the 4-5 It ain't to play games witchu It's to aim at you, probably maim you If I owe you I'm blowin you to smithereeens Cocksucker take one for your team And I need you to remember one thing (one thing) I came, I saw, I conquered From record sales, to sold out concerts So muh'fucker if you want this encore I need you to scream, 'til your lungs get sore [Interlude] OWWWW! It's star time This man is MADE! He's KILLIN all y'all jive turkeys Do y'all want more of the Jigga man? Well if y'all want more of the Jigga man Then I need y'all to help me, bring him back to stage Say Hova, c'mon say it! HO-VA! HO-VA! Are y'all out there? {*crowd chants "HO-VA! HO-VA!"*} Are y'all out there? C'mon, louder! Yeah, now see that's what I'm talkin bout They love you Jigga - they love you Jigga! [Jay-Z] I like the way this one feel It's so muh'fuckin soulful man! (Whoaaaaaahhhh, whoahhhhhhhhhhhhh, whoahhhhhhhhhhhhh) Yeah {*crowd still chanting*} okay [Verse Three] So this here is the victory lap Then I'm lea-vin, that's how you get me back After a year of them 16's, it's one point two And that's two point four, and I'm only doin two You wanted to gain attention new dudes I can get you BET and TRL too You wanna be in the public, send your budget Well fuck it, I ain't budgin! Young did it to death, you gotta love it Record companies told me I couldn't cut it Now look at me, all star-studded Golfer above par like I putted All cause the shit I uttered, was utterly ridiculous How sick is this? You want to bang, send Kanye change, send Just some dust Send Hip a grip, then you got' spit A little somethin like this, WOO! {What the hell are you waiting forrrr?} {*piano plays out as crowd cheers loudly*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Pharrell Album: The Black Album Song: Change Clothes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Wooo! Uh, uh, bounce is back Uhh, uh-uh uh uh, geyeah, uh, your boy is back (Sexy, sexy) I know y'all missed the bounce You need to bounce for the sexy, y'know? Hah, haha, uh, let's get it in Yeah ma [Verse One] Your dude is back, the Maybach Coupe is back Tell the whole world the truth is back You ain't gotta argue about who can rap Cause the proof is back, just go through my raps New York, New York! Yeah, where my troopers at? Where my hustlers, where my boosters at? I don't care what you do for stacks I know the world glued your back to the wall You gotta brawl, do that I been through that, been shot at, shoot back Gotta keep a peace/piece like a Buddhist I ain't a +New Jack+, nobody gon' Wesley Snipe me It's less than likely, move back Let I breathe, Jedi Knight The more space I get the better I write, ohh Whenever I write, but, if, ever I write I need the space to say whatever I like, now I just [Chorus: Jay-Z] + (Pharrell) (change clothes, and go) You know I stay, fresh to death, a boy from the projects And I'ma take you to the top of the globe, so let's go (So let's exchange num...bers and go) Uh-huh, yeah {And girl I promise you, no substitutions} Just me [Verse Two] And I ain't gon' tell you again, let's get ghost in the phantom You can bring your friend, we can make this a tandem Or you can come by yourself if you can stand him Best believe, I sweat out weaves Give +Afro Puffs+ like R.A.G.E. Haul-U get a view could move it Back it on up like a U-Haul truck Then run and tell them ducks you heard Hovi new shit He and the boy Phar-real make beautiful music He is to the East coast what Snoop is To the West, what 'Face is to Houston Young Hov' in the house is so necessary No bra with that blouse, that's so necessary No panties and jeans, that's so necessary Now why you frontin on me, is that necessary? Do I, to you, look like a lame Who don't understand a broad with a mean shoot game Who's up on dot dot dot and Vera Wang Ma are you insane? Let's just (What you want me to do?) [Pharrell] + (Jay-Z) Ha ha! Sexy sexy, ha ha! Sexy sexy (It's so necessary ma) Ha ha! Sexy sexy (woo, that's right, it's a groove) Ha ha! Sexy sexy (uh, uh, it's a groove, uh, bring it back) [Verse Three] Young Hov' in the house is so necessary No bra with that blouse, that's so necessary No panties and jeans, that's so necessary Why you frontin on me? Let's go to my hotel, cause this don't go well with those S. Dots, gotta stay fresh ma Ma, I don't shop where the rest buy Hoe no ma, please respect my jiggy this is probably purple label Or that BBC shit or it's probably tailored And y'all niggaz actin way too tough Throw on a suit, get it tapered up, and let's just [Pharrell] + (Jay-Z) Ha ha! Sexy sexy (uh, uh, WOO, sing along) Ha ha! Sexy sexy (yeah, uh.. turn your radio up) Ha ha! Sexy sexy (woo, put your hands in the air if you in the club) Ha ha! Sexy sexy (snap your fingers now) Ha ha! (your boy is back, uh-huh) (the bounce is back, uh, uh woo!) (uh, Young is back, hahahaha - PEACE!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Black Album Song: Dirt Off Your Shoulder Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash You're now tuned into the muh'fuckin greatest Turn the music up in the headphones Tim, you can go and brush your shoulder off nigga I got you, yeah [Chorus: Jay-Z] If you feelin like a pimp nigga, go and brush your shoulders off Ladies is pimps too, go and brush your shoulders off Niggaz is crazy baby, don't forget that boy told you Get, that, dirt off your shoulder [Verse One] I probably owe it to y'all, proud to be locked by the force Tryin to hustle some things, that go with the Porsche Feelin no remorse, feelin like my hand was forced Middle finger to the law, nigga grippin my balls Said the ladies they love me, from the bleachers they screamin All the ballers is bouncin they like the way I be leanin All the rappers be hatin, off the track that I'm makin But all the hustlers they love it just to see one of us make it Came from the bottom the bottom, to the top of the pots Nigga London, Japan and I'm straight off the block Like a running back, get it man, I'm straight off the block I can run it back nigga cause I'm straight with the Roc [Chorus Two] You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder [Verse Two] Your homey Hov' in position, in the kitchen with soda I just whipped up a watch, tryin to get me a Rover Tryin to stretch out the coca, like a wrestler, yessir Keep the Heckler close, you know them smokers'll test ya But like, fifty-two cards when I'm, I'm through dealin Now fifty-two bars come it, now you feel 'em Now, fifty-two cars roll out, remove ceiling In case fifty-two broads come out, now you chillin with a boss bitch of course S.C. on the sleeve At the 40/40 club, ESPN on the screen I paid a grip for the jeans, plus the slippers is clean No chrome on the wheels, I'm a grown-up for real [Chorus] + [Chorus Two] [Verse Three] Your boy back in the building, Brooklyn we back on the map Me and my beautiful beeeeeeeitch in the back of that 'Bach I'm the realest that run it, I just happen to rap I ain't gotta clap at 'em, niggaz scared of that black I drop that +Black, Album+ then I back, out it As the best rapper alive nigga axe about me From Bricks to Billboards, from grams to Grammys The O's to opposite, Orphan Annie You gotta pardon Jay, for sellin out the Garden in a day I'm like a young Marvin in his hey' I'm a hustler homey, you a customer crony Got some, dirt on my shoulder, could you brush it off for me? [Chorus] + [Chorus Two] You're now tuned into the muh'fuckin greatest Best rapper alive, best rapper alive The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Cedric the Entertainer Album: The Black Album Song: Threat Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Cedric the Entertainer] Yo once a pimp gets threats That's right, that's the - the that's, that's threats them And I'm serious about mine, I'm so sin-surr And I, nigga I'll kill ya, I'll chop ya up Put ya inside the mattress like drug money nigga [Jay-Z] Yeah, I done told you niggaz 9 or 10 times stop fuckin with me I done told you niggaz 9 albums, stop fuckin with me I done told you niggaz The 9 on me, stop fuckin with me You niggaz must got 9 lives 9th wonder [Verse One] Put that knife in ya, take a little bit of life from ya Am I frightenin ya? Shall I continue? I put the gun to ya, I let it sing you a song I let it hum to ya, the other one sing along Now it's a duet, and you wet, when you check out the technique from the 2 tecs and I don't need two lips To blow this like a trumpet you dumb shit This is a un-usual musical I conductin You lookin at the black Warren Buffett so all critics can duck sic I don't care if you C. Delores Tuck-it Or you Bill O'Reilly, you only rylin me up For three years, they had me peein out of a cup Now they bout to free me up, whatchu think I'm gon' be, what? Rehabilitated, man I still feel hatred I'm young black and rich so they wanna strip me naked, but You never had me like Christina Aguiler-y But catch me down the Westside, drivin like Halle Berry Or the FDR, in the seat of my car Screamin out the sunroof death to y'all You can't kill me, I live forever through these bars I put the wolves on ya, I put a price on your head The whole hood'll want ya, you startin to look like bread I send them boys at ya, I ain't talkin bout Feds Nigga them body-snatchers, nigga you heard what I said I make 'em wait for you 'til five in the mornin Put your smarts on the side of your garment Nigga stop fuckin with me R. -- I. -- P. [Interlude: Cedric the Entertainer] That's right there nigga, nigga I'm wild Nigga I keep trash bags with me Never know when you gotta dump a nigga out This sin-surr, this some sin-surr SHIT right hurr! [Verse Two] Grown man I put hands on you I dig a hole in the desert, they build The Sands on you Lay out blueprint plans on you We Rat Pack niggaz, let Sam tap dance on you Then, I Sinatra shot ya God damn you ... I put the boy in the box like David Blaine Let the audience watch, it ain't a thang Y'all wish I was frontin, I George Bush the button Front of all you in your car lift up your hood nigga run it Then lift up your whole hood like you got oil under it Your boy got the goods y'all don't want nuttin of it Like, castor oil, I Castor Troy you Change your face or the bullets change all that for you ... y'all niggaz is targets Y'all garages for bullets, please don't make me park it in your upper level, valet a couple strays from the 38 special, nigga, God bless you [Interlude: Cedric the Entertainer] Yeah I'm threatening ya, YEAH I'm threatening ya! Who you thank you dealin with? They call me Chris, nigga I been makin threats since I been in kindergarten nigga! Huh, ask about me, see if you ain't heard [Verse Three] When the gun is tucked, untucked, nigga you dies like numchuks held by the Jet L-I I'm the one, thus meanin no one must try No two, no three, no four, know why? Because one's four-five might blow yo' high You ain't gotta go to church to get to know yo' God It's a match made in heaven when I {*blaow*} 'splay the 7 Put you on the nigga news, UPN at 11 Where you been, you ain't heard, got the word that I'm {*blaow blaow*} that I'm so sin-surr? I'm especially Joe Pesci with a grin I will kill you, commit suicide, and kill you again That's right [Outro: Cedric the Entertainer] Whattup? Motherfucker I keep three motherfuckers what? Nigga I'll throw a Molotov cocktail through your momma's momma's house Nigga what the - where everybody live! Undercover nigga take your teeth out your mouth nigga Chew your food up and put the shit back in your mouth nigga and help you swallow Nigga I take a mop handle off nigga And sweep nigga - hold on, I'll be - nigga what? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Black Album Song: Moment of Clarity Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Woo! Geah, geah (Young), geah Uhh, turn the music up, turn the lights down I'm in my zone Thank God for grantin me this moment of clarity This moment of honesty - the world'll feel my truths All through my +Hard Knock Lifetime+, +A Gift and a Curse+ I gave you +Volume+ after +Volume+ of my work So you can feel my truths I built the +Dynasty+ by bein one of the realist niggaz out Way beyond the +Reasonable Doubt+ - y'all can't fill my shoes From my +Blueprint+ beginnin to that +Black Album+ endin Listen close you'll hear what I'm about Nigga, feel my truths [Verse One] Pop died, didn't cry, didn't know him that well Between him doin heroin and me doin crack sales With that in the eggshell, standin at the tabernacle Rather the church, pretendin to be hurt, wouldn't work So a smirk was all on my face Like damn, that man's face is just like my face So pop, I forgive you for all the shit that I lived through It wasn't all your fault, homey you got caught Into the same game I fought, that Uncle Ray lost My big brothers and so many others I saw I'm just glad we got to see each other Talk and re-meet each other Save a place in heaven 'til the next time we meet forever! [Verse Two] Music business hate me cause the industry ain't make me Hustlers and boosters embrace me and the music I be makin I dumbed down for my audience to double my dollars They criticized me for it yet they all yell "HOLLA!" If skills sold, truth be told, I'd probably be lyrically, Talib Kweli Truthfully I wanna rhyme like Common Sense But I did five mill' - I ain't been rhymin like Common since When your cents got that much in common And you been hustlin since, your inception Fuck perception go with what makes sense Since I know what I'm up against We as rappers must decide what's most impor-tant And I can't help the poor if I'm one of them So I got rich and gave back, to me that's the win/win So next time you see the homey and his rims spin Just know my mind is workin just like them... ... rims, that is [Verse Three] My homey Sig' was on a tear where no tears should fall Cause he was on the block where no squares get off See in my inner circle all we do is ball 'Til we all got triangles on our wall Ain't just rappin for the plat-i-num, y'all record I recall, cause I really been there before Four scores and seven years ago prepared the flow Prepared for war, I should fear no man You don't hear me though These words ain't just 'pared to go In one ear, out the other ear, no! Yo My balls and my word is alls I have Whatchu gon' do to me nigga, scars or scab? Whatchu gon' box me homey? I can dodge a jab Three shots couldn't touch me, thank God for dat I'm strong enough to carry Biggie Smalls on my back And the whole BK, nigga holla back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Black Album Song: 99 Problems Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash If you havin girl problems I feel bad for you son I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one I got the Rap Patrol on the gat patrol Foes that wanna make sure my casket's closed Rap critics that say he's "Money, Cash, Hoes" I'm from the hood stupid, what type of facts are those? If you grew up with holes in your zapatoes You'd celebrate the minute you was havin dough I'm like fuck critics, you can kiss my whole asshole If you don't like my lyrics, you can press fast forward Got beef with radio if I don't play they show they don't play my hits - well I don't give a shit, SO! Rap mags try and use my black ass So advertisers can give 'em more cash for ads, fuckers! I don't know what you take me as Or understand the intelligence that Jay-Z has I'm from, rags to riches, niggaz I ain't dumb I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me! 99 problems but a bitch ain't one If you havin girl problems I feel bad for you son I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me! The year is ninety-four, in my trunk is raw In my rearview mirror is the motherfuckin law Got two choices y'all, pull over the car or (hmm) bounce on the Devil, put the pedal to the floor And I ain't tryin to see no highway chase with Jake Plus I got a few dollars, I can fight the case So I, pull over to the side of the road "Son do you know why I'm stoppin you for?" Cause I'm young and I'm black and my hat's real low Or do I look like a mindreader sir? I don't know Am I under arrest or should I guess some mo'? "Well you was doin fifty-five in the fifty-four;  license and registration and step out of the car -  are you carryin a weapon on you? I know a lot of you are" I ain't steppin out of shit, all my papers legit "Well do you mind if I look around the car a little bit?" Well my glove compartment is locked, so is the trunk in the back And I know my rights, so you gon' need a warrant for that "Aren't you sharp as a tack! You some type of  lawyer or somethin, somebody important or somethin?" Child I ain't passed the bar, but I know a little bit Enough that you won't illegally search my shit "Well we'll see how smart you are when the canine comes" I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me! 99 problems but a bitch ain't one If you havin girl problems I feel bad for you son I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me! 99 problems but a bitch ain't one If you havin girl problems I feel bad for you son I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me! Now once upon a time, not too long ago A nigga like myself had to strongarm a hoe This is not a hoe in the sense of havin a pussy But a pussy havin no God damn sense, try an' push me I try to ignore him, talk to the Lord Pray for him, but some fools just love to perform You know the type, loud as a motorbike But wouldn't bust a grape in a fruit fight And only thing that's gon' happen is I'ma get to clappin and he and his boys gon' be yappin to the Captain And there I go, trapped in the Kit-Kat again Back through the system with the riff-raff again Fiends on the floor, scratchin again Paparazzis with they cameras, snappin them D.A. try to give a nigga shaft again Half a mill' for bail cause I'm African All because this fool was harassin them Tryin to play the boy like he's saccharin But ain't nuttin sweet bout how I hold my gun I got 99 problems, bein a bitch ain't one - hit me! 99 problems but a bitch ain't one If you havin girl problems I feel bad for you son I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me! 99 problems but a bitch ain't one If you havin girl problems I feel bad for you son I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me! .. Whoo! Whoo! Uh, uh Havin girl problems I feel bad for you son I got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one, ha ha! You crazy for this one Rick! It's your boy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Black Album Song: Public Service Announcement (Interlude) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash This is a public service announcement Sponsored by Just Blaze and the good folks at Roc-A-Fella Records "Fellow Americans, it is with the utmost pride and sincerity  that I present this recording, as a living testiment and recollection  of history in the making during our generation." [Jay-Z] Allow me to re-introduce myself My name is Hov', OH, H-to-the-O-V I used to move snowflakes by the O-Z I guess even back then you can call me CEO of the R-O-C, Hov'! Fresh out the fryin pan into the fire I be the, music biz number one supplier Flyer/flier than a piece of paper bearin my name Got the hottest chick in the game wearin my chain, that's right Hov', OH - not D.O.C. But similar to them letters, "No One Can Do it Better" I check cheddar like a food inspector My homey Strict told me, "Dude finish your breakfast" So that's what I'ma do, take you back to the dude with the Lexus, fast-forward the jewels and the necklace Let me tell you dudes what I do to protect this I shoot at you actors like movie directors {*laughing*} This ain't a movie dog (oh shit) "Now before I finish, let me just say  I did not come here to show out, did not come here to impress you  Because to tell you the truth when I leave here I'm GONE!  And I don't care WHAT you think about me - but just remember,  when it hits the fan brother, whether it's next year, ten years,   twenty years from now, you'll never be able to say  that these brothers lied to you JACK!" [Jay-Z] Ving ain't lie I done came through the block in everything that's fly I'm like, Che Guevara with bling on, I'm complex I never claimed to have wings on Nigga I get mine - by any means on whenever there's a drought Get your umbrellas out because, that's when I brainstorm You can blame Shawn, but I ain't invent the game I just rolled the dice, tryin to get some change And I do it twice, ain't no sense in me lyin as if, I am a different man And I could blame my environment but there ain't no reason why I be buyin expensive chains Hope you don't think users are the only abusers Niggaz, gettin high within the game If you do then, how would you explain? I'm ten years removed, still the vibe is in my veins I got a hustler spirit, nigga period Check out my hat yo, peep the way I wear it Check out my swag' yo, I walk like a ballplayer No matter where you go, you are what you are player And you can try to change but that's just the top layer Man, you was who you was 'fore you got here Only God can judge me, so I'm gone Either love me, or leave me alone * Now, back to our regular scheduled program *  -- "Le Album Noir" - "The Black Album" -- The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Black Album Song: Justify My Thug Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhh, this feel right right here Quik It's like it's 'sposed to happen this one right here Young! God damn.. .. let me justify my thug on this one right here [Verse One: Jay-Z] It goes one o'clock, two o'clock, three o'clock rock Five six seven o'clock, eight o'clock rock Eleven o'clock, twelve o'clock, the party bout to pop Then - Roc-A-Fella y'all, it's your boy S. Dot And I ain't never been to jail; I ain't never pay a nigga to do no dirt for me I was scared to do myself I will never tell even if it means sittin in a cell I ain't never ran, never will I ain't never been smacked; a nigga better keep his hands to himself or get clapped for what's under that man's belt I never asked for nothin I don't demand of myself Honesty, loyalty, friends and then wealth Death before dishonor and I tell you what else I tighten my belt 'fore I beg for help Foolish pride is what held me together through the years I wasn't felt which is why I ain't never played myself I just play the hand I'm dealt, I can't say I've never knelt before God and asked for better cards at times to no avail But I never sat back feelin sorry for myself If you don't give me heaven I'll raise hell 'Til it's heaven [Chorus - imitating Madonna] Justify my thug! {*"For you!" - Run-D.M.C.*} My thug.. (hoping..) My thug.. (praying..) for you to justify my thug! My thug.. (hoping..) My thug.. (praying..) for you.. {*"For you! Fresh" - Run-D.M.C.*} [Verse Two: Jay-Z] Now if you shoot my dog, I'ma kill yo' cat Just the unwritten laws in rap - know dat For every action there's a reaction, don't have me relapsin Relaxin's what I'm about, but about mine Don't be actin like you can't see street action Take me back to +Reasonable Doubt+ time You see my mind's on the finish line, facin the wreck I put my muh'fuckin faith in the tec, tell Satan not yet You understand I am chasin my breath I am narrowly escapin my death, oh yes I am the Michael Schumacher of the Roc roster Travellin Mach 5, barrel in my apparel can stop God God forgive me but I can't let them deliver me to you Until, I won this race, then eventually My engine gon' burn out, I get whatever is meant for me However it turns out fine - red line! [Verse Three: Jay-Z] They say an eye for an eye, we both lose our sight And two wrongs don't make a right But when you been wrong and you know all along that it's just one life At what point does one fight? (Good question right?!) 'Fore you knock the war, try to put your dogs in it Ten-and-a-halfs, for a minute-and-a-half Bet that stops all the grinnin and the laughs When you play the game of life and the win ain't in the bag When your options is none and the pen is all you have or the block, niggaz standin tight as lemons on the ave Tryin to cop a shop - call theyself cleansin in the cash But can't put they name on paper cause, then you on blast Mr. President, there's drugs in our residence Tell me what you want me to do, come break bread with us Mr. Governor, I swear there's a cover up Every other corner there's a liquor store - fuck is up? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Black Album Song: Lucifer Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {"Lucifer, don of de morning! I'm gonna, chase you out of - earth"} {"Lucifer Lucifer, don of de morning.."} [Jigga] I'm from the murder capital, where we murder for capital {"Lucifer Lucifer, don of de morning! I'm gonna, chase you out of - earth"} [Jigga] Kanyeeze you did it again, you a genius nigga! {"Lucifer Lucifer, don of de morning.."} [Jigga] So you need to change your attitude [Jigga] 'fore they askin what happened to you [Verse One] Lord forgive him, he got them dark forces in him But he also got a righteous cause for sinnin Them-a-murder me, so I gotta murder-dem First emergency, doctors performin procedures Jesus, I ain't tryin to be facetious, but "Vengeance is mine" said the Lord You said it better than all Leave niggaz on death's door, breathin on res-por-rators for killin my best, poor haters On permanent, hi-atus as I skate in the Maybach Benz, flyer than Sanaa Lathan Pumpin "Brown Sugar" by D'Angelo In Los Angeles, like an evangelist I can introduce you to your maker Bring you closer to nature Ashes after they cremate you bastards Hope you been readin your Psalms and chapters Payin your tithe, bein good Catholics, I'm comin {"Lucifer, don of de morning! I'm gonna, chase you out of - earth"} {"Lucifer Lucifer, don of de morning.."} [Jigga] I'm from the murder capital, where we murder for capital {"Lucifer Lucifer, don of de morning! I'm gonna, chase you out of - earth"} {"Lucifer Lucifer, don of de morning.."} [Jigga] So you niggaz change your attitude [Jigga] 'fore they askin what happened to you [Verse Two] Yes, this is holy war I wet y'all all with the holy water Spray from Heckler-Koch auto- matic all the static, shall cease to exist like a sabbatical, I throw couple at you, take six! Spread love, to all of my dead thugs I pour out a little Louis, to a head above Yessir, and when I perish, the meek shall inherit the earth 'Til that time, it's on and poppin, CHURCH Like Don Bishop, the fifth or palm cock either Lift up your soul or give you the holy ghost Please I leave you in somebody's cathedral for stuntin like Evel Knievel I let you see where that bright light lead you The more you talk, the more you irkin us The more you gon' need memorial services "The Black Album" second verse, is like Devil's pie, save some dessert for us [Interlude] Man, I gotta get my soul right, uhh I gotta get these devils out my life, uhh These cowards gonna make a nigga right, uhh They won't be happy 'til somebody die, uhh Oh man, I gotta get my soul right, uhh 'Fore I'm locked up for my whole life, uhh Every time it seems it's alright Somebody want they soul to rise I chase you off of this earth [Verse Three] Let me get serious for y'all, one second I got dreams, of holdin a nine milla, to Bob's killer Askin him why as my eyes fill up These days I can't wake up with a dry pillow Gone but not forgotten, homes I still feel you So, curse the day that birthed the bastard who caused your church mass, reverts to crash The first to blast then reverse the curse The first to date and there you are, Bobalob Lord forgive him, we all have sinned But Bob's a good dude, please let him in And if you feel in my heart that I long for revenge Please blame it on the son of the mornin', thanks again The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Black Album Song: Allure Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Young! For life Once again it's the life, yessss (I don't know why, I.. get so high on) It's intoxicatin man, y'all don't know why you do what you do (Get so high on, get so high - high off the life) [Verse One] The allure of breakin the law Is always too much for me to ever ignore I gotta thing for them big body Benzes, it dulls my senses In love with a V-Dub engine Man I'm high off life, fuck it I'm wasted Bathing Ape kicks, Audemar Piguet wrists My women friend get tennis bracelets Trips to Venice, get they winters replaced with the sun, it ain't even fun no more I'm jaded Man, it's just a game, I just play it to play it I put my feet in the footprints left to me Without sayin a word, the ghetto's got a mental telepathy Man my brother hustled so, naturally Up next is me, but what perplexes me Shit I know how this movie ends, still I play the starrin role in "Hovito's Way" It's just life, I solemnly swear To change my approach, stop shavin coke Stay away from hoes, put down the toast Cause I be doin the most.. oh no! But every time I felt that was that, it called me right back It called me right back, man it called me right back - oh no! [Verse Two] I'm like a Russian mobster, drinkin distilled vodka 'Til I'm under the field with Hoffa, it's real Peel the top up like a toupee Mix the water, with the soda Turn the pot up make a souflee All of y'all can get it like group-ays in your 2-way I'm livin proof that crime do pay Say hooray to the bad guy, and all the broads puttin cars in they name for the stars of the game Puttin 'caine in they bras and their tomorrows on the train All in the name of love Just to see that love locked in chains and the family came over the house to take back, everything that they claimed Or even the worst pain is the distress Learnin you're the mistress only after that love gets slain And the anger and the sorrow mixed up leads to mistrust Now it gets tough to ever love a-gain But the allure of the game, keeps callin your name To all the allurists of the world, I feel your pain To all the Christies in every cities and Tiffany Lanes We all hustlers, in love with the same thang [Verse Three] I never felt more alive than ridin shotgun In Cline's green 5 until the cops pulled guns And I tried to smoke weed to give me the fix I need what the game did to my pulse, with no results And you can treat your nose and still won't come close The game is a lightbulb with eleventy-million volts And I'm just a moth, addicted to the floss And doors lift from the floor and the tops come off By any means necessary, whatever the cost Even if it means lives is lost.. And I can't explain why, I just love to get high Drink life, smoke the blueberry sky, blink twice I'm in the blueberry 5, you blink three times I may not even be alive I mean James Dean couldn't escape the allure Dyin young, leavin a good lookin corpse Of course Once again it's the life I said it's the life Once again it's the life - oh no! (I don't why I) why I (get so high on) get so (get so high on) uh-huh (get so high - high off the life!) Hahahahahahaha - woo! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Black Album Song: My 1st Song Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Notorious B.I.G. interview] I'm just, tryin to stay above water y'know Just stay busy, stay workin Puff told me like, the key to this joint The key to staying, on top of things is treat everything like it's your first project, knahmsayin? Like it's your first day like back when you was an intern Like, that's how you try to treat things like, just stay hungry [Verse One: Jay-Z] Uhh, uhh, yes, yes Y'all wanna know, why he don't stop Y'all wanna know, why he don't flop Let me tell you pe-eople why Came from the bottom of the block I When I was born, it was sworn, I was never gon' be shit Had to pull the opposite out this bitch Had to get my ri-ide on Eyes on the prize, Shawn knew I had to Had to had to get these chips Had to make moves like Olajuwon Started out sellin dimes and nicks Graduated to a brick No exaggeration, my infatuation with the strip Legendary like a schoolboy Crushin merely nearly every every chick Heavy shit - that's how schoolboy got whipped And got left on some "Just +Me, Myself and I+" On some Trugoy shit Had your boys threw place up, to a place of no return Had to play with fire and get burned Only way the boy ever gon' learn Had to lay way in the cut, 'til I finally got my turn Now I'm on top in the spot that I earned It's my life - it's my pain and my struggle The song that I sing to you it's my ev-ery-thing Treat my first like my last, and my last like my first And my thirst is the same as - when I came It's my joy and my tears and the laughter it brings to me It's my ev-ery-thing [Verse Two: Jay-Z] Like I never rode in a limo Like I just dropped flows to a demo Like it's ninety-two again and And I got O's in the rental Back in the Stu' again, no prob' livin was a whole lot simpler When you think back, you thought that you would never make it this far, then you take advantage of the luck you handed Or the talent, you been given Ain't no, half steppin, ain't no, no slippin Ain't no different from a block that's hidden Gotta get it while the getting's good Gotta strike while the iron's hot, 'fore you stop Then you gotta bid it, good riddance Goodbye, this is my second major breakup My first was, with a pager With a hooptie, a cookpot, and the 'CAINE This one's with the stool, with the stage, with the fortune Maybe not the fortune, but certainly the FAME It's my life - my pain and my struggle The song that I sing to you it's my ev-ery-thing Treat my first like my last, and my last like my first And my thirst is the same as - when I came It's my joy and my tears and my laughter it brings to me It's my ev-ery-thing Treat my first like my last, and my last like my first And my thirst like the first song I sang [Outro: Jay-Z] Woo! It's like the blues - we gon' ride out on this one Ta-tah, be-hah Yo Hah, 'member you was makin them dashes for them niggaa at radio and shit? Clark Kent, that was good lookin out nigga Carlene - who ever thought we'd make it this far homey? Sha, they can't stop us, knahmsayin? Lenny S Dame whattup? Robbin the bank Niggaz thought we was crazy man, 'member uhh You had that fucked up ass handwritin You was writin all the numbers that we was spendin now for the videos we was doin ourselves, whattup? Original Flavor, your accountant was crazy wrong and shit But we we still put it together Bigs, whassup? 'Member we went to St. Thomas and uh But y'all my nizzle, your dog peed on homey leg and shit at his crib - I think that was Rudy And they was havin a lil trouble with the pool You and Ta-tah was laughin Emory was there, whattup Emory? What up Ta? Hip-Hop, whattup man? Ay, ay Hobb, you ain't, you ain't have no uhh You ain't have no muh'fuckin seat on your, on your bicycle Now you uhh, the head of black music That's what I'm talkin bout right there homey - G, whattup G? Yessir, e'rybody in the Roc Hey Guru, I know you spoiled man I be takin them shits in one take You gon' have to punch niggaz shit, STICK IT, you gon' be tight OG One, whattup? I'm a little upset that you wasn't involved in this whole process But it's all good - whassup Dash? My whole family, my nephew, cousin Angie, whassup? Te-Tee (B, B, B, B) Mom, you made the album, how crazy is that? Bob Allah, rest in peace My pops, rest in peace (Sup A.J.?) Biggie Smalls, rest in peace Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh Nigga, I'm bout to go golfin man Ay, I might even have me a cappuccino, fuck it! I'm goin somewhere nice where no mosquitos at nigga Holla at me - it's your boy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly Album: Unfinished Business Song: The Return Typed by: ThaLyriczFinisha@Yahoo.com [Intro: Tone] Hawk, who goes yonder? 	It is I, sire, Tone from Brooklyn Well speak up man, what is it? 	News from the east, sire 	The best of both worlds has returned [Jay-Z] Mirror mirror on the wall Whose is the freshest of them all? I love 'em all, but none of y'all Is Doug E., as me and the boy Kelly With the suicide doors, fuck 'em all We got hits like a thirty shot clip When we throw it in the air, everybody hit the floor Holla at your boy, boys When we boys, so we bringin' out them toys I ain't a lame, on them Dana Dane's Wiggie, you annoyed man, when the year change, we change Nigga, we right here, we can go bank for bank We can go clip for clip, nigga, chain for chain We can go bitch for bitch, got a pretty young thing That I keep by my hip, like my celly that rings [Hook: R. Kelly] Meeting Michelle at the hotel While Jay and Tone on the way to the afterparty Got the ladies sayin', oh [Jay-Z] Best of both worlds, and we rock the club youknowhatimsayin Boy H-O, Kells, we not playing Losers lose, so when we does what we do, we win And win again, like deja vu Then we win again, like M.J. do Three-peat, then we retreat to waters that's blue Young Scrappy, that's what grown man do, let's move [Chorus 2x: R. Kelly] In this arena, arena All we wanna see is them hands up, hands up This is for them hustlin' boys and girls It's the return of best of both worlds [R. Kelly] Now all the ladies love Kells, cuz Kells is fresh And plus, Kells got super pimp 'cross his chest I got a fat gold chain and a drop top Lex' And when I'm rollin' through your hood, I be causin' wrecks Man I'm a gigolo, air force ones and fresh linen I be in the club while my chrome still spinning Ladies line up in a single filed line Just to hear the black Sinatra, sing 'em a few lines like [Hook] [R. Kelly] Best of best worlds, gettin' it down, youknawimean Kells and Jigga, man, back on the set Step off in the club, so fresh and so clean Ladies be like, damn, bling, bling, bling Hov' rapping, I sing, sing, sing H to the O, and the R&B king Before we do a show, it's like ching, ching, ching So ladi dadi, we like to party We don't start fights, we don't bother nobody The good news, haters, we got a lot of dough Bad news, is, it's the return of best of both [Chorus 2x] [R. Kelly] We on a world tour, with Jay and my man Going each and every where with the mic in our hands London, Paris, New York, D.C Detroit, from Chitown, to Cali We on a world tour, with Kells and ya man Going each and every where with the mic in our hands Philly, Jersey, Dallas, St. Louie Miami, Best of Both, coming to your city [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly Album: Unfinished Business Song: Big Chips Typed by: Gemini_20502K@yahoo.com, akademik_geniuz@hotmail.com [Chorus: R. Kelly] Big chips! (Woo!) We off in Vegas drinkin and partyin We got chicks in swimsuits modelin We in the twin stretch Maybachs dippin low The way the wrist shine it's so magical You know them boys got the clubs out of control (Ho!) Nigga what ya heard it's Kells and Hov With the second comin of Best Of Both In the first week I predict a million sold, we talkin... [Verse 1: Jay-Z] (R. Kelly) Big chips! Big trips to Vegas nigga Big cribs and the whips is spacious (Uh huh) Any day they could dig your grave Shit, So Big is my inspiration, dig No reward that's the risk is taken In which case you niggaz wouldn't wanna switch places I on the other hand relish the situation Thank the Lord for the gift, I'm gracious I went overboard, look at this big bracelet I overhauled it you wouldn't recognize it From the time that I bought it I just replaced it I risk cases for shit like this, nigga I pray for some shit like this Word to my Uncle Ray, who gave us life for some shit like this Ma you rollin I'm as real as it gets [Chorus: R. Kelly] Big chips! (Woo!) We off in Vegas drinkin and partyin We got chicks in swimsuits modelin We in the twin stretch Maybachs dippin low The way the wrist shine it's so magical You know them boys got the clubs out of control (Ho!) Nigga fuck what ya heard it's Kells and Hov With the second comin of Best Of Both In the first week I predict a million sold, we talkin...... [Verse 2: R. Kelly] Big chips! I can't take this The way you move your ass slow like Matrix You make me wanna toss chips in Vegas Before I toss chips first, get naked I can't fake it, girl you got the club shut down when you freak it Superstar honey, so mean and vicious Got a lot and comin, I'm so mean and vicious Bark bark farmer, this chicken layin platinum ex-farmer (preach!) So go low mama, give it a go As I punch 170 on stretch roads, must turn up the radio! Girl you so good I'm swervin like whoa! whoa! Uh oh! Uh uh oh! from the club to the stretch Out the stretch to the Hotel, into the hotel suite! [Chorus: R. Kelly] Big chips! (Woo!) We off in Vegas drinkin and partyin We got chicks in swimsuits modelin We in the twin stretch Maybachs dippin low The way the wrist shine it's so magical You know them boys got the clubs out of control (Ho!) Nigga fuck what ya heard it's Kells and Hov With the second comin of Best Of Both In the first week I predict a million sold, we talkin...... [Verse 3: Jay-Z] Big chips! I'm a boss I said Tilt my hat and I cross my legs Like old ladies at the park, I toss my bread And the pigeons start flockin, ballin like Bishop Loughlin And stick Cochran on any DA, to try to stop him So any gunplay that is an option I been doin this since niggaz was woppin Rockin Izods with the matchin socks, and Slap boxin in the back park and when the girls start watchin Try to get real, you had to drop 'em See I ain't never been a fronter Or fake it till I make it tight nigga ma I don't want ya number Either you're comin or I one ya Either you know what you want ma, I don't even want ya You play pretty if you wanna [Chorus: R. Kelly] Big chips! (Woo!) We off in Vegas drinkin and partyin We got chicks in swimsuits modelin We in the twin stretch Maybachs dippin low The way the wrist shine it's so magical You know them boys got the clubs out of control (Ho!) Nigga fuck what ya heard it's Kells and Hov With the second comin of Best Of Both In the first week I predict a million sold, we talkin... big chips! [Bridge: R. Kelly] All around the world, stop where the sun sets Spendin big chips you wanna go (Uh oh, uh uh oh!) You wanna go (Uh oh, uh uh oh!) Say we goin around the world, stop where the sun sets Spendin big chips you wanna go (Uh oh, uh uh oh!) Do you wanna go (Uh oh, uh uh oh!) [Outro: R. Kelly] Uh, come on, Tone, I see ya, Jigga, Kells, uh, yeah, Track Masters What's really good, we in the islands chillin in the shade and shit you know Blue waters, yellow sand, uh Either I'm high or, I think I just saw a dolphin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly f/ Memphis Bleek Album: Unfinished Business Song: We Got Em Goin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uh, uhh, uh Uh, ah, now Hov's in the building, Hov's in the building Uh, uhh, uh Kels in the building, Kels in the building Uh, uhh, that's right Hov's in the building, Hov's in the building Uh what? Ho, ho Yo Kels in the building, Kels in the building [R. Kelly] I'm in the building tonight, it's goin down my nigga Got a pocket full of cash and some 'dro my nigga Attitude like I don't give a fuck my nigga Probably the drunkest fool on the flo' my nigga One of the best that ever did this here, every year It's the #1 R&B singer this year But y'all know, still mo' money mo' problems Mo' niggaz, mo' chicks, mo' clubs, Mo' bottles One little note in your ear, and I gotcha Ladies call me the black Frank Sinatra Yeah a real pimp floss and the pimp be blingin It's just the same reason why a young pimp be leanin Hard liquor, couple sips, and I'm passin it Maybach so big you can dance in it Jigga lil' nigga fuckin with the baddest chicks Got your girl lookin at you like the maddest chick We goin [Chorus: R. Kelly] ho-ohh, ohh-oh We got everybody up in the club, hands high goin ho-ohh, ohh-oh We got players, ballers, hustlers and they back  goin ho-ohh, ohh-oh We got all of the pretty girls left in the city goin ho-ohh, ohh-oh We got 'em goin, we got 'em goin [Jay-Z] Yo yeah it's the boy Hov', yeah I blow O's Circles around competition, not an Optimo To sit low, in a six-oh, oh Solo, on lo-lo's, fuck po'-po's Take a pho-to, last time you see a nigga so cold So be-low zero, so froze So-so rappers are so sore, hate his soul It ain't my fault I'm so rock'n'roll I'm just Hov' [Memphis Bleek] Geah, it's the kid from the Stuy, and I stay high In my A-O-L-A blowin lah lah lah Goodbye, I see you chumps on top Or on the highway in somethin that ends with I Like I, 745, I Or the F-E-double-R-the-A-R-I AR-15 to spray y'all guys You die (you die) goodbye (goodbye) [Jay-Z] From New York to Chi, we blow like hy-dro Blow out live shows without py-ro See how I combined the I-O flow Tone'll rep, Memph Bleek, Kels and Hov' [Jay and Bleek alternate words] Bottles, models, follow, to the hotter way we play like it's no day tomorrow Spendin my dough like I just hit the lotto Bounce, park and stop shall not wake I'm straight safe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly Album: Unfinished Business Song: She's Coming Home With Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [R. Kelly] Fellas, a few tips, when you're in the club You must watch your girl, because she may end up with me [R. Kelly] + (Jay-Z) TrackMasters (uhh... turn the music up) Rock Land Hova (woo! yess, yess) [Chorus: R. Kelly] Now somebody's girl is in my mansion Shakin that ass to this And somebody's girl is in my hot tub Drinkin that glass of Crist' And somebody's girl is in my bedroom And man she's a superfreak And somebody's girl is leavin my crib Now on to the next booty [Jay-Z] Ummmmmmmmm, I don't mean no harm But your boy got the magic stick, the Don Juan Bishop, chicks'll dissapear in thin air like mist or some shit like this I swear I take handcuffs off misses, I pick locks wicked I catch your eye cause my tick-tock's frigid My necklace glisten, all reckless chicks is eyeballin, yeah, and I caught 'em like perfect pitches Call me Mike Piazza Once I get 'em in, my fly casa It's hot tubs, heated pools and no rules Call your old dude and tell him he old news Tell that fella you feel like Cinderella With both shoes and it's almost two Fuck a storybook endin, we bendin the rules This is somebody's girl part two, now move [R. Kelly] Uhh, let me at it Somebody's girl is sittin in my lap Whisper two words and we both break out My Maybach seats is just as big as a couch Not the same girl now that the mic's at your mouth Oh that's gettin nasty, let's get naughty Rollin around like a fo'-wheel afterparty We stop at a red light, there go your girls an' 'em Now we got the green light, driver follow them (let's go) You're rotatin with a guy that spend money like the world spin 'round First guy to ever put the singin rap down Say the name Kels and these chicks spellbound Because these chicks know I put the "12Play" down I gotta have it, I just can't stop limpin Maybe because I just can't stop pimpin No matter what I do, I can't stop leanin When the fresh Prada's on and the sun is shinin Girls it's your boyfriend With that remix that keeps you clubbin Dis collabo' crack got you fiendin The industry kings and the rest is dreamin [Jay-Z] The moral of the tale, if you love your tail Treat her well, keep her 'way from Hov' and Kel' Because we can't stop pimpin We put it on her 'til she can't stop limpin She'll be a goner, you can play tough guy on the corner I smoothe her out in the sauna Yeah, I blew it out in the Bahamas, yeah Your lil' mama got a stellar arm We got it on like a telethon Mr. Roc-A-Fella, gone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly Album: Unfinished Business Song: Feelin' You in Stereo Typed by: TonyMontana131@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Jay-Z] Everything ain't hardcore you know I can't sing but my man I'ma let my man smooth that thang out for you You know, take the edge off, you know what I'm sayin'? [R. Kelly] All my sexy ladies throw ya hands up high And all my real playas throw ya hands up high And just keep on bouncin' while I take you on a ride [Chorus: R. Kelly] It's like your body's on radio I'm feelin' you in stereo Put me in your cd player I'm gonna hit it nice and slow Baby I'm your hot mix bumpin' in your cherry Lex Checkin' out your widescreen while your hands up on the headrest [Verse 1: R. Kelly] I'm, in the studio thinkin' about my next hit song Tryin' to come up with a melody that will turn you on On the MPC3000 tryin' to come up with beats That'll make come on over here and lay down here with me I'm searchin' for that special mind blowin' melody And it's gotta be sexy so I'll think it through carefully It's like I'm tryin' to tune it, to ya station babe Try to get you to play, this record babe Every time I hear this track girl I think about me and you In the Maybach doin' what we do [Verse 2: R. Kelly] Um, now I know a few friends of mine that has made love to this record So when you're in the mood call the station, request this record She walks in the room, says "'Ly I can't breathe" As I try to catch my breath and proceed Lookin' at yo' sexy smile, while I put my vocals down Girl you have made this song a hit in each and every town You a sexy melody with a touch of freakin' harmony Such a perfect chemistry Girl we deserve a Grammy, or Soul Train Billboard, MTV or BET award Rollin' like we on a tour Ooh the way you put it down girl I can't take it Sex was so good girl we've got to do the remix Cause girl you a mix master When it comes to pumpin' you such a ghetto blaster It's such a hit that I gotta bootleg it, yeah [Verse 3: Jay-Z] A melody is the chemistry, the way we click It's like four part harmony and all that shit Your waistline is the bassline, I ride that shit Strung off your treble and I'm high as shit We made love in the studio when we got together over and over again like a loop Damn I'm missin' you, it's hard to listen to all these different dudes, huggin' and kissin' you, fuck! [R. Kelly] Yeah, I'm feelin' you in stereo Aw yeah, aw yeah, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly f/ Foxy Brown Album: Unfinished Business Song: Stop Typed by: ThaLyriczFinisha@Yahoo.com [Intro: Tone (R. Kelly)] Yo, Duro, tell Rob to hurry up back in the booth, man We got the Track joint Yo, this Tone the referee, while I got your attention I gotta we set out to bring you the best possible heat For your two step, me, Jigga and Kells You know, so y'all just enjoy, aight Yo, Rob you there? (Yeah) Your mic sound nice (uh-huh uh-huh) You first to blow (yeah) Ight, you ready to blow (uh-huh) Aight, let's go [Chorus: R. Kelly] Hold up, wait a minute, stop Jigga, I'm about to put the shit down Hold up, wait a minute, stop I'm about to, make these niggaz get down Hold up, wait a minute, stop Guaranteed, these niggaz gonna feel us Hold up, wait a minute, stop Tone and Poke, blow the motherfuckin' speakers [R. Kelly] Grab a bottle, get two models Thugs at Apollo's, niggaz wanna follow I'm about to show you, how wild it gets That nigga Hov', is the craziest Stop at the club, bout a quarter to six With a bottle in my hand, yellin' "Bitch, I'm rich" Hey, y'all niggaz see me, I can't believe it You startin' to sound like, you don't want it Tony's on the drop, blue and yellow rocks He keep yellin', stop, Sisqo's album flopped What you wanna do, if you drinkin', I'm hangin' out with you Five, four, three, two, one Hang on y'all, let's have some fun [Jay-Z] It's Young... uh, mack alone, I'm back in the zone I'm out they way, still these rappers won't leave me alone I can give a fuck what these rappers sayin' bout me That just let's me know, they can't go a day without me Scared of me succeading, that's the reason you doubt me Cuz if you ain't believe me, you wouldn't be thinkin' bout me Sorta how like you, never crossed my mind Until you crossed the line, stop... Then I gotta come accross a rhyme To let the world know you come across a mime I do so much sauce with lines, with someone who saws my climb From Marcy to party, where you soakin' up blue nine Prude, am I, got a du-lema, I'm a dude from the hood Who loves jewels, who am I? You where placed in the same shoes, size 10/5 With a sick view, of the place you grew, dude, can I Live, what I did, for this whole rap circus I open up more doors for y'all fuckers than car service Ya'll nervous, I ain't back yet I'm on extended vaca', I ain't unpack yet, stop worrying [R. Kelly] Five, four, three, two, one Hang on y'all, let's have some fun [Foxy Brown] Shit, she back with the nigga inf dot Uh-oh, somebody better tell this broad I'm a nine year veteran, I'm back with my breathren I sware to god, it feel like '96 again Bitches snatchin' bags, see, they fuckin' with my shit again We bout to let them hammers pop In the 'Stuy, dudes, callin', you a problem, Fox' I got the automore pierre watch Butterscotch, GT, good toe on, three eight cock Ya'll ain't see this much love since they cried for 'Pac Since Big passed, or since Jay passed the Roc I'm in a clearport, full length mink in a G4 Fuck I'm lookin' like rhyming for a hundred g's, for? No, I don't talk to media guys I don't chatter with the best, ain't no question whose the best Shawn and Kelly, Fox, best of both worlds, I see y'all Aiyo, Kel, nigga, holler at your peoples [R. Kelly] Five, four, three, two, one Hang on y'all, let's have some fun The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly f/ Twista Album: Unfinished Business Song: Mo' Money Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] That nigga let his fuckin flow go Niggaz tryin to switch up the flows on niggaz Hit niggaz, slip niggaz with a micky Drop that joint Yeah yeah (it's the remix y'all) Like a muh'fucker (oh yeah) Whassup my nigga (and still hot up in that boy, ain't it man) (Yo Jay, Kel, fin' ta set it off for y'all) C'mon [R. Kelly] It's, the, remix TrackMaster remix y'all, Kels and Jigga Big chips with Twista y'all, get this money [Twista] I, heard the ballers when I pulled up to the club Cause I'm rollin up on fo' flickers Peanut-butter interior, black body And in case you didn't know, I be the Twista Hundred bombs in my pockets, put your ones up I hear some niggaz lookin at me for the come up Try to creep creep, I pull a gun up I put a hole in the first nigga that run up The ballers be Jay, R, and T Spit it cold cause the music is a part of me Can't nobody spit it fast as me Got an academy of haters comin after me I know I got what you want, I know I got what you need Come and mob to the top before you get, this, money Pull up on the block in the alien gray Bentley Full of sport modes, you never could hang with me Just to get in early, I paid a extra 50 Gettin that money my nigga Oh-five Chrysler, trees for the blunts Three hoes in the back, two fiends in the front Twenty-two inch shoes, CV's in the trunk Gettin that money my nigga Makin dough off a style I be the best in Glad to be down with these two livin legends Now let me see which league I'ma invest in Gettin that money my nigga Rollin this cheer, put the niggaz in fear Makin bitches shed tears, take a look at my career Now the shit's swell; when I get up to 70 in the Coupe Peep the wing when I hop out the tail - tell 'em Kel [Chorus: R. Kelly] We off up in the club, we got our hands up Drinks in the club because we gettin that money my nigga We rollin 24's, open them Bentley do's Got plenty hoes because we gettin that money my nigga [R. Kelly] Pull up to the club, chicks in the back Some smokin on weed, some sippin Co-gnac Into the club, whole crew to the back Super the stars make it sharp as a tack Gotta have my forty-five inch in it In the house, from the gate, twenty minutes Game over and I'm still not finished I play haters like V play tennis Livin like a motherfuckin Richie Rich nigga Got a butler for my Maybach nigga White linen, smokin ci-gar Lyrics like bullets, tongue like a trigger Feelin on your booty Tryin to get one of these nice ladies to come up to my room and do, me Have her man like who's, he Was a pimp at birth, first ho was a nurse And I'ma be a pimp 'til I'm stretches in a hearse Sometimes showbiz is the worst I'm blessed with "The Gift & The Curse," whoa Shoot ball, now I'm off to the spa Fresh and clean, now I'm off in the car Got a date with a superstar We take lunch, now twelve o'clock Hit the mall bout two o'clock In the movies bout five o'clock Seven o'clock 'til nine o'clock we in my crib, my bed, goin non-stop This for my project niggaz, widebody Mo' sippers Pimps hustlers herb flippers, get, this, money [Jay-Z] Gettin this money switchin my whips and my kicks Like I'm just addicted to difference you pick what you want from me To be a, lame with visions of riches, enter my brain Like I picture myself in deep dishes, just switchin lanes It's just insane, is it? I'm from the district where niggaz either in prison or pay visits like in-laws So we fend for ourself, and the wealth is in raw We can't help but been lost, what else gon' make that engine roar? Lay back in 745, big boy cars, that's all we drive Into the club we get all the eyes when you gettin that money my nigga [R. Kelly] TrackMaster remix y'all, Kels and Jigga Big chips with Twista y'all, get this money [ad libs to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly Album: Unfinished Business Song: Pretty Girls Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhh, y'all know what this is Now would be a good time to start bobbin your heads Kels, and it, and it, uhh [R. Kelly] Excuse me miss, don't mean to interrupt But you're the hottest chick in this club The way you shake your ass to this beat It's like your booty got dancin feet I wanna take you home, in my Hummer Jeep All over me while you ridin the beep beep I just really wanna taste your ice cream It's the weekend baby I got the {?} Go on girl, the way you do me This is somethin like a fantasy You're that girl from the magazine BET, or, MTV So baby let me take you to my ecstasy Pull up to the club on them 23's Girl you've got that shit in your hip that make me wanna spend, money [Chorus: R. Kelly] Pretty girls (where you at) I'm talkin to the ones, that came alone Pretty girls (put your hands up) The single ones, we wanna take you home - c'mon Pretty girls... (you make me wanna shout) Let's, go! [Jay-Z] Whether you tall like Lisa Leslie Or short like the barrel on that baby 380 Pretty lady, I got a ride to fit yo' frame From the Coupe to the big Mercedes {?}, these groundhogs stay with the cash And the black card don't got no max Fall, back, blow on some Merikesh hash With more Manolos than Sarah Jess' had How you gon' go back to dudes with little sacks Little kiddie chromes in they itty bitty homes Fuckin up your lungs, puffin that homegrown You should be with us, cuttin in Hong Kong Straight shots of Catron or Dom Perignon Guys your girls say Shawn very long So if you ain't afraid of catchin a love jones Get with Coach Dean Smith, bitch get in the zone, c'mon [R. Kelly] Tell me what you're drinkin at the bar ma I'm gonna buy ma, anybody tell you youse a star ma You remind me of my car ma, no ignition I start the Coupe up from the kitchen My pretty girls get plenty attention When it come to sex get plenty of inches We shop, like we all broke detention Club like we at a alcoholic's convention Hit the 'tel with two chicks and she with it Mama got down like the flo' when she did it Pretty girls, keep shakin ass now mama This party is not over [R. Kelly] What's your name, what city you represent ma Where the hands on all the pretty girls ma For the players and the hustlers in the club now And all my niggaz that be sippin pimp juice now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly Album: Unfinished Business Song: Break Up (That's All We Do) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [R. Kelly] Make up, and break up That's all we do Then we have sex, next thing you know Everything is cool Best of Both Worlds! Holla at your boy [Jay-Z] Like we always do about this time Uh-huh, yeah I know what you doin ma Tryin to get in an argument with me so I can do my mad thing, you want me to do my mad thing I understand - c'mon! [Chorus: R. Kelly] Seems we're always arguing, but Right after the arguing we have, sex And somehow it's the best, yes Seems we're always arguing, but Right after the arguing we have, sex And somehow it's the best girl [first instance of Chorus - no last line] [Jigga overlaps first instance of Chorus] Gangsta love, gangsta love [Jay-Z] Think about it while the streets you roam It's Dom P and Army in the fridge when you get home Sex is always better fresh off a vendetta We break up or break you off then we right back together Then this brand new leathers and Caroline Aurera Marijuana, white wine, somewhere under the weather Like we sick but we fine, shit we couldn't feel better Just some sunshine in mind lookin fine as ever who got a mouth on her, woo, she put some words together Sometimes'll make a nigga wanna leave, but when we make up [Jay-Z over Chorus] Woo! Boy talk boy! [R. Kelly] Break up to make up baby Seems that's all we do darlin But no one wants to walk out the door After all of the holla'n Cursing and fighting And me sleeping on the couch In the midst of our stormy weather Sex brings the sun out After I hit that there Seems we don't have a care Sex makes you say I'm sorry And things like I'm not goin nowhere It's somethin bout the P-U-S-S-Y That keeps brother in check, even I Even if you was a pimp you couldn't survive Without the H-E-L-P to provide you [third instance of Chorus - no last line] [Jay-Z] Think about it while the streets you roam It's Dom P and Army in the fridge when you get home Remember that night? You was all like Maybe we should go our seperate ways for life I hit the lights fit you tight at the lil' place right I hit it right you look me right in the eyes like psych You was goin through your act 'til I caught you in the sack And I made you relax when I (hit it hard from the back) Yeah now we back friends And the next time you need some sex counselin, we [Chorus] - [new last line "after we get through arguin we"] [R. Kelly] Seems we're always arguing, but Right after the arguing we have, sex Sex with best friends From the bathroom to the kitchen (we sex) From the kitchen to living room (we sex) From the living room to upstairs (we sex) Upstairs to the attic (we sex) Attic to the basement (we sex) From the basement to the car garage (we sex) Garage to the back of the Jeep (we sex) Bicycle to the treadmill (we sex) Even over by the dirty lawnmower (we sex) The neighbors and the dogs are lookin crazy (we sex) I don't care because you're my baby (we sex) It's our house, and we can have sex (we sex) anytime we want to (we sex) They can kiss my ass, because whoa-ho-hoo Hey L Don you feel me? [L Don] Yeah yeah yeah I feel you You and Jay crazy man, but it's all good Let's go [R. Kelly] La-la-la-la-lah-la-la La-la-la-la-lah-la-la - sex La-la-la-la-lah-la-la La-la-la-la-lah-la-la - sex The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly Album: Unfinished Business Song: Don't Let Me Die Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Ohhh, ohh, oh, oh, oooooh (Dear God, bring our P.O.W.'s home) Ohhh, ohh, oh, oh, oooooh (And bring our brothers on lockdown, home - amen) [R. Kelly] Whoa-oh-oh ya-ya-yah Whoa-oh-oh ya-ya-ya-ya! [Jay-Z] Geah.. [Chorus: Jay-Z w/ the R. Kelly above repeating in background] He's a nigga from the back block on everybody laptop who used to slang crack rock HOV'! And this nigga from the Chi' Who hold a note like the guy who said the British is comin My nigga Kels! Oh yeah the niggaz is comin Get out your good dishes or somethin like it's Thanksgiving nigga It's HOV'! And none other than the R And without further adieu, like Freddie get ready it's [R. Kelly] Whatever happen Lord, don't send me back And whenever I did wrong it was your name I cried I heard you forgave over and over again But when I found that out I became immune to my sins Lay wide awake in the middle of my sleep "I see dead people," and sometimes it's me Lord I never wanted to be a Thugfather I only wanted to be a son of a father RAHH, that's how it sounds, it's sad Worse than the war in Iraq when it's me against I I gave up the weed and somehow I'm still high Three years, still seein the weed in my eyes Lord Sometimes I don't know what you want from me But I do know you know what I want from you GIVE IT TO ME! C'mon, take away this Hennessy Take away me runnin the street Stop people from HATIN me, take away all of this jealousy And prejudicy Thought you said it was a better place I grew up around pimps, hustlers hoes and project gang-sters Hard to BELIEVE in what I can't see I gotta get this money and feed my family [Jay-Z] Whatever guillotine guides my life Dear Lord, don't let me die tonight But if I shall before I wake what shall I say? It's been a good run from hoodlum to Island estates How could one, make such foul mistakes and still be allowed to have a smile on my face? Hell, whatever the case, I'm glad it wasn't murder in a town you never hearda from a nickel-plated burner Now my life's straight like a perm Try to take the spot I earned muh'fucker better learn It's HOV'! [Chorus] - reverse Hov and Kels [R. Kelly] Hey boy hear me out, got a few mo' things to say These niggaz be chasin me like everyday C'mere - NO! My life on crutches, devils say I'll never walk again, but the devil is a liar cause I believe within, you're the reason that I'm still here Even though I don't act like it Even though I hear my calling and fight it Fools do me so wrong, it's hard to stay righteous If pimping was a mountain to heaven, I'd hike it Believe me Lord, I want you Got money and fame, and still it just won't do Sometimes I don't like who I am When I look in the mirror my reflection is Uncle Sam And every night I have these weird dreams That a creature's right beside me - wake up and can't breathe I feel like it's twenty of me Goin 20 different directions on a one-way street Lord I got houses, money and cars and that Everything single superstar I, got the whole music industry sewed But it still don't matter, when I'm gone and my casket closed, go! [Jay-Z] Whatever guillotine guides my life Dear Lord, don't let me die tonight But if I shall before I wake I'd accept my fate I did what I did my heart was in the right place I did so I could live to put food on my plate You musta loved me not to let it end by 3 that day Well, whatever the case, I'm glad it wasn't murder in a town you never hearda from a nickel-plated burner I guess I'm not finished with my journey Please forgive me for my sins, shit I'm still trying to learn Meet HOV'! [Chorus] - reverse Hov and Kels [gospel singing] [R. Kelly] Wrap your arms around us God Let there be peace, and no more war And bring our soldiers home, let us pray [hey hey hey ad libs, over gunfire, to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly f/ Doug E. Fresh, Slick Rick Album: Unfinished Business Song: The Return (Remix) Typed by: ThaLyriczFinisha@Yahoo.com [Intro: Tone (Doug E. Fresh)] Yo, this Tone the referee, knawhatimean? And I'm about to bring y'all some history We got the best of both worlds And I got the Get Fresh Crew Doug Fresh! (one, two, three, come on!) [Jay-Z] Mirror mirror on the wall Whose is the freshest of them all? I love 'em all, but none of y'all Is Doug E., as me and the boy Kelly With the suicide doors, fuck 'em all We got hits like a thirty shot clip When we throw it in the air, everybody hit the floor Holla at your boy, boys When we boys, so we bringin' out them toys I ain't a lame, on them Dana Dane's Wiggie, you annoyed man, when the year change, we change Nigga, we right here, we can go bank for bank We can go clip for clip, nigga, chain for chain We can go bitch for bitch, got a pretty young thing That I keep by my hip, like my celly that rings [Hook: R. Kelly] Meeting Michelle at the hotel While Jay and Tone on the way to the afterparty Got the ladies sayin', oh [Jay-Z] Best of both worlds, and we rock the club youknowhatimsayin Boy H-O, Kells, we not playing Losers lose, so when we does what we do, we win And win again, like deja vu Then we win again, like M.J. do Three-peat, then we retreat to waters that's blue Young Scrappy, that's what grown man do, let's move [Chorus 2x: R. Kelly] In this arena, arena All we wanna see is them hands up, hands up This is for them hustlin' boys and girls It's the return of best of both worlds [Slick Rick] Well once upon a time, they left the glove and the star, kid He swore he was the man, but he was nothing but garbage Let me rephrase that, bubblin' with pride Did have skills, but he was ugly inside Instead of uplift folks, sittin' on the non sense Hurtin' people feelings like he didn't have a conscience Like 'I love you', when he's hittin' that stash Then degraded, the shorty, like he didn't have class Even let a gay jew man tack his jheri Then, got the nerve to call the next cat a fairy Swindlin', forgot the god above him Finally, fan base trinklin' down to nothing No concern for his estate, though, was yearnin' for a break Bitter and evil, didn't learn from his mistake The moral of the story is, don't be a pair of knickers Be good, boys and girls, and you can be as great as Rick is [Chorus 2x] [R. Kelly w/ Doug E. Fresh beatboxing] My baby momma's robe, my rent is overdue It took half the pay, and now my life is filled with rainy days But I stashed some dough, how much, you'll ever know It's Doug Fresh, Slick Rick, Kells and Jay-Z The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Kingdom Come Song: The Prelude Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: snippets of Eddie in "Super Fly"] You know, you've got this.. fantasy in yo' head about gettin outta the life and, settin the corporate world on its ear What the FUCK you gonna do except hustle? Besides pimpin... and you really ain't got the stomach for that [Jay-Z] The game's fucked up Nigga's beats is bangin, nigga your hooks did it Your lyrics didn't, your gangster look did it So I would write it if y'all could get it Bein intricate'll get you wood, critic On the internet, they like you should spit it I'm like you should buy it, nigga that's good business Hehe, forget this rap shit I need a new hustle A little bit of everything, the new improved Russell I say that reluctantly cause I do struggle As you see I can't leave so I do love you But I'm just a hustler disguised as a rapper In fact you can't fit this hustle inside of a wrapper Back when crack was What these pills are, I was a real star Complete with real, cars, no video ones You can come and set up a camera, let the video run And my real life, complete with real, ice VVS boulders oh they're visibly set Head and shoulders, my invisible neck You see Hova, wasn't digital yet Befo' Steve Jobs, made the iPod Was gettin head, jobs, we call that intimate Back when rappers wouldn't dare play lyrical roulette With a automatic weapon I was reppin with a tec +Fresh+ like +Mannie+ be, chain like anti-freeze Shoebox full of cash, dealer man hand me ki's Pantries full of Arm & Hammer, don't take Nancy Drew to see what it do, I'm a damn G Just sent a million dollars through a hands free That's big money talk, can you answer me? Before the answer was a 3 I was down in Georgetown with a Hoya chick, lawyer chick Sure he's rich now cause he saw the shit, all this shit That's why they call him Hov', cause he came before all this shit Bought a 6, quarter seven, skipped on them quarter eights Bought a 9 for non-stop glock work all the time Woo! Guess who's back? Since this is a new era, got a fresh new hat Ten year veteran, I've been set I've been through with this bullshit game but I never quit I used to think rappin at 38 was ill But last year alone I grossed 38 mill' I know I ain't quite 38 but still The flow so +Special+ got a +38+ feel The real is back, hehehehe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Kingdom Come Song: Oh My God Typed by: wcbe@aol.com You are tuned in To the greatest Young H-O-V Let's go get em again Just Oh my God Pops sped off, left mom with a bundle of Joy, ya boy smacked dab in the jungle Took tunnel vision, but he would soon become a mogul But first he brought that crack back like a yo-yo Don't play with my yo-yo, loco niggas in the hood First niggas hating on me, it's all good I'm buying things like my shit don't stink, Gucci links in Gucci goose's Watching too many movies, bulletproof this Had some nerve, like pulling tooth'ses When your 16, coming through roofless Yea your boy "ruthless", like Ice Cube was Turn the whole city on, I'm the new blood So if this is your first time hearing this You're about to experience someone so cold A journey seldom seen, the American dream From the bottom to the top of the globe they call me Hov They gunning for me, wanna see me fall You know my story, I've been through it all Night's I've felt like dying, but I ain't crying What didn't kill me, made me strong as iron Iron, iron (Oh my God, Hov) Now I'm knee deep in the concrete Like a street's made a quicksand, it's beyond deep I got a "chemical romance", two left feet So now I dance with the devil, please G-O-D Save me from the "black parade", release me My life like Grant Theft Auto, PSP I'm in that Volvo, puffing on that la-la Ducking from the po-po, everytime I drive by Say hi to the bad guy, all my momma's friends was like "Mmm, mmm, mmm" would you just look at him So sorry dear momma for your embarrasment But give me a couple years and pray I'll never sin again Got all these rival dealers trying to do me in And all these little rappers don't know how prepared for them I am (I am) I'm feelin like the world's against me Lord Call me crazy, but strangely I love the odds Now these baby ballers, toy rappers/toy wrappers Callin out my name to bring the boy backwards Shooting air-balls at the basket What you call money, I pay more in taxes I got crowned king down in Africa Out in Niger, do you have any idea Sold out shows out in Seoul, Korea Jo'burg, Dublin, Tanzinia Lunch with Mandella, dinner with Cavalli Still got time to give water out to everybody Everybody, fall back Y'all rapping, I'm reenacting CNN, you see it's accurate ESPN, see me in action Monday night's, when the half ends When you 10 years in, holla back then [Chrous] (Good Lord, good Lord, good Lord Good Lord, I said I feeeeeeeeeeeel like I'm dyiiiiiiiing) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Kingdom Come Song: Kingdom Come Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro] (Sample courtesy of "Superfreak" by Rick James) I don't know what life will be in H.I.P. H.O.P. Without the boy H.O.V. (I will be, I will be) Not only N.Y.C. I'm hip hop's savior (Yeah) So after this flow you might owe me a favor (Yeah) When kingdom come, you ready? (I will be) When kingdom come, I'm ready (I will be) When kingdom come (Yeah, yeah) I'm ready (Hey! Hey! Hey Hey Hey!!!) [Verse 1: Jay-Z] Now everywhere I go they like HOV you back Up out the corner office out the coldasack Where's Iceberg Slim he was the coldest cat Get your swag back daddy where your focus at Got to admit a little bit I was sick of rap But despite that the boy is back And I'm so evolved I'm so involved I'm showing growth, I'm so in charge I'm C.E.O. and yeah going god I'm so indebted, I should have been deaded Sellin blow in the park, this I know in my heart Now I'm so enlightened I might glow in the dark I been up in the office you might know him as Clark But, just when you thought the whole world fell apart I - take off the blazer losen up the tie Step inside the booth Superman is alive [Chorus: Jay-Z] (Sample courtesy of "Superfreak" by Rick James) (I will be) The King Of New York (I will be) New York Not only N.Y.C. I'm hip hop's savior (Yeah) So after this flow you might owe me a favor (Yeah) When kingdom come, you ready? (I will be) When kingdom come, uh huh (I will be) Not only N.Y.C. I'm hip hop's savior (Yeah, yeah) So after this flow you might owe me a favor (Hey! Hey! Hey Hey Hey!!!) [Verse 2: Jay-Z] I hear "hurry up Hov" when I'm out in the public Cause niggas like it, you love it; We be it, you're of it You breathe it, we need it; bring it back to the hustlas Had to dust off the Hammer, dance - can't touch this C'mon playboys, bring the cars back out Cause ya boy Hov is back, you know them broads comin out Got 'em dancing on the bankhead, like they from Bankhead Fuck Cristal, so they ask me what we drinking I thought dudes remark was rude okay So I moved on to Dom Cuve Rose And it's much bigger issues in the world, I know But I first had to take care of the world I know I'm from the bottom, so I still feel em from the bottom Underdog before my cape, still couldn't stop him Flash Gordon when recording, spark the light in the dark Peter Park, Spiderman, all I do is climb the charts [Chorus: Jay-Z] (Sample courtesy of "Superfreak" by Rick James) (I will be) The King Of New York (I will be) New York Not only N.Y.C. I'm hip hop's savior (Yeah) So after this flow you might owe me a favor (Yeah) When kingdom come, you ready? (I will be) When kingdom come, uh huh (I will be) Not only N.Y.C. I'm hip hop's savior (Yeah, yeah) So after this flow you might owe me a favor (Hey! Hey! Hey Hey Hey!!!) [Verse 3: Jay-Z] Just when they thought it was all over I put the whole world on my back and broad shoulders The War-Hova, but who you know took over tracks like that Guess what New York, New York - we back And I ain't never been afraid of a drought Since I was six, seventeen been gettin money down south Bout it, bout it, Master P Ask the nigga Pimp C, ask my homey Bun B I run the streets the streets don't run we Y'all run, we chill still waters run deep I repeat, sing a long with me I run the streets the streets don't run we Ladies sayin where you been Superman? When niggas spendin ten million in media on my hands The Bruce Wayne of the game have no fear When you need me just throw your ROC signs in the air, yeah! [Chorus: Jay-Z] (Sample courtesy of "Superfreak" by Rick James) (I will be) The King Of New York (I will be) New York Not only N.Y.C. I'm hip hop's savior (Yeah) So after this flow you might owe me a favor (Yeah) When kingdom come, you ready? (I will be) When kingdom come, uh huh (I will be) Not only N.Y.C. I'm hip hop's savior (Yeah, yeah) So after this flow you might owe me a favor (Hey! Hey! Hey Hey Hey!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Kingdom Come Song: Show Me What You Got Typed by: notorious70@hotmail.com * * first single; send corrections to the typist [Intro] This is State Of Emergency What you want me to do? Im sorry! I'm back..hehehe UH, huh uh, lets go get 'em Just HEY HEY HEY HEY HEY HEY Show me what you got, lil mama Show me what you got, pretty lady Show me what you got, shorty Show me what you got, baby Hands up and.. waves, waves, waves, waves [Verse 1] Give the drummer some I already gave the summer some It's the winter's turn Hovie Hov is the coldest, I'm just getting better with time I'm like Opus One Young, no two alike like a snowflake OK! Show me what you got baby Words is slurring engine purring Mami frontin but I'm so determined Shots of Patron, now she's in the zone I ain't talking about the two-trhee Mami in the zone like the homie 2-3 Jordan or James, makes no difference Boo I'm ballin the same I am the Mike Jordan of recording You might want to fallback from recording But you right it's not important So it forced him to go for the hype For being brave and may applaud him Well misery I will assure them Oh baby just ignore them Truth or dare mami listen and learn I got a drop I just took off the top, it's your turn [Chorus 2X] [Verse 2] H.O.V.A., gold bottles of that ace of spade Why even fool with these other guys, they all stingy All these dudes know how to say is gimme Gimme some ass, gimme some brain Gimme your number, gimme your name But if I get one night baby girl I swear I'll make you tell these other dudes gimme got you here I'll take you shopping, take long trips I'll take the cork off, you can take sips I'll take you there, take my time Take you clothes off, I'll take off mine Ma, show me what you got Hovie in the spot tried to told you I was hot Tell these other dudes it's a wrap Get the fuck out the throne you clone, the King's back! Y'all got less than 2 months to get y'all thing together Good luck! [Chorus 2X] Ladies and gentlemen the most incredible! H-O, uh huh H-O, uh huh Is back! Justin Blaze You Blaze that Roc-A-Fella Records Dynasty continues, y'all die Uh Huh, peace! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Marsha Album: Kingdom Come Song: Lost One Typed by: the_rence@hotmail.com Uh, uh, uh, uh It's not a diss song, it's just a real song Feel me? I heard motherfuckers saying they made Hov Made Hov say, "Ok so, make another Hov" Niggaz wasn't playing they day role So we parted ways like Ben and J-Lo I shoulda been did it but I been in a daze though I put friends over business end of the day though But when friends, business interests they go Ain't nothing left to say though I guess we forgot what we came fo' Shoulda stayed in food and beverage Too much flossing Too much Sam Rothstein I ain't a bitch but I gotta divorce them Hov have to get the shallow shit up off him And I ain't even want to be famous Niggaz is brainless to unnecessarily go through these changes And I ain't even know how it came to this Except that fame is The worst drug known to man It's stronger than, heroin When you could look in the mirror like, "There I am" And still not see, what you've become I know I'm guilty of it too but, not like them You lost one (Chorus w/ Marsha) [Jay-Z] Lose one, let go to get one Left one, lose some to win some [You lost one] Sorry I'm a champion, sorry I'm a champion You lost one I don't think it's meant to be, be But she loves her work more than she does me And honestly, at twenty-three I would probably love my work more than I did she So, we, ain't we It's me, and her 'Cause what she prefers over me, is work And that's, where we, differ So I have to give her Free, time, even if it hurts So breathe, mami, it's deserved You've been put on this earth to be All you can be, like the reserves And me? My time in the army, it's served So I have to allow she, her, time to serve The time's now for her In time she'll mature And maybe we, can be, we, again like we were Finally, my time's too short to share And to ask her now, it ain't fair So yeah, she lost one Lose one, let go to get one Left one, lose some to win some [Oh yeah, she lost one] Sorry I'm a champion, sorry I'm a champion You lost one My nephew died in the car I bought So under the belief it's partly my fault Close my eyes and squeeze, try to block that thought Place any burden on me, but please, not that lord But time don't go back, it goes forward Can't run from the pain, go towards it Some things can't be explained, what caused it? Such a beautiful soul, so pure, shit! Gonna see you again, I'm sure of it 'Til that time, little man I'm nauseous Your girlfriend's pregnant, the lord's gift Almost lost my faith, that restored it It's like having your life restarted Can't wait for your child's life, to be a part of it So now I'm child-like, waiting for a gift To return, when I lost you, I lost it Lose one, let go to get one Left one, lose some to win some [Colleek, I lost one] Sorry I'm a champion, Colleek, you're a champion You lost one The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ John Legend Album: Kingdom Come Song: Do U Wanna Ride Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] This is the operator with a collect call from "Emory Jones" To accept the charges, press one now [Jay-Z] Uhh, woo! Emory whattup? Told you I ain't too good with writin letters and all Shit I don't even write rhymes But what I will do I'ma send you this opus scribed through the airwaves Vibe with me [Chorus: John Legend] I knowwwww.. I knowwwwww Some places we can go, some places we can go I knowwwww.. I knowwwwww! Some places we can go, some places we can go Do you wanna riiiiiiide... with me Do you wanna RIIIIIIIDE... with me [Jay-Z - over Chorus] Uh-huh, uh-huh Yeah nigga I bet we was kids and had dreams of bein here I said "we" cause I'm here, you here! Uhh Yeah, ride with me, your spot is reserved family Cigarette boats, yachts, ain't nowhere we can't go We in South Beach and the Hamptons too baby! [Jay-Z] You know why they call The Projects a project, because it's a project! An experiment, we're in it, only as objects And the object for us to explore our prospects And sidestep cops on the way to the top - yes! As kids we would daydream, sittin on our steps Pointin at cars like yeah that's our six Hustlers, prophets, made our eyes stretch So on some +Dr. Spock+ shit, we +star+ted our +trek+ Some of us made it, most of us digressed In the name of those who ain't made it my progress Show success please live through me See I'm the eyes for Emory, keep him alive (This is a collect call) So everytime I press five All he wanna hear is his boy talk fly Up in the fed, and still holdin his head So when he hits the streets he gon' eat through this bread Now let's ride [Jay-Z - over Chorus] Uh-huh, geah I'm crushin 'em all for Jones MTV, BET, the Grammys, crushed linen, purple label All that fly shit we talked about Give him some nice pinky rings with the blue diamonds and e'rything Hehehe, that's what we talked about right? Uh-huh... tried to told you, ride with me [Jay-Z] International Hov', I told you so Forty 40's out in Tokyo Singapore, all this from singin songs Comin up though we thought slingin raw was the end all be all of bein rich didn't we Little did I know my mo' potent delivery would deliver me, kingpin of the inkpen Monster of the double entendre, Coke is still my sponsor Heh, the Cola, yeah Hova still gettin it in with soda Diet, no sir, I ain't lose no weight Started from the crates now I'm sittin on a whole case Since they got you sittin on that old case Our dreams is on hold like Tivo So I can't wait 'til you get your date I got some temp plates outside of the gate We gon' ride [Jay-Z - over Chorus] Uh-huh, uh-huh Geah Don't even worry about it though, you ain't missed nuttin It only gets better, they got the Maybach Coupe now Look like the Batmobile, the Phantom the top just comes off that joint It only gets better They caught your body they can't trap your mind Keep your spirit alive read your books Matter of fact, let me take you somewhere Vibe with me, c'mon [Jay-Z] Now me and my lil' mama, Kita and Tata Juan and Dez out in San Tropez Jay round in Gabana, sneakin marijuana You know that Mary J. give you +No More Drama+ Lost a couple friends this whole shit got weird But when you get home you know your spot's reserved, ya heard? I put my niggaz on, my niggaz put they niggaz on Now we all somewhere foreign, chillin sippin somethin I ain't forget you cousin, hehe Yeah nigga y'all can wear sneakers on the beach if you want to Y'all niggaz come and c'mon, playin money marathon My young'n is LeBron, you know what that makes me baby Big Homey! Hehe, Emory what's up? [Chorus] - starts over last few lines of above [Jay - over Chorus] Wan' ride with us? You're more than welcome We ain't on no bullshit, uhh Put your feet up Big Tye I see you boy Guru, I don't usually do this but Roll me up somethin man Let me get mellow on this shit right here Uh-huh, yeah Uh-huh, white paper though nigga Can't even fuck with those blunts White paper baby, old school nigga gimme a joint Smooth it out, Young H.O. Henry Jones Word to my momma we livin! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Kingdom Come	 Song: 30 Something Typed by: gouveiar@dickinson.edu You aint got enough stamps in ya passport to fuck with Young H-O (Heh-Heh-Heh) International . . . (uhh) Show young boys how to do this thing The maturation of Jay-Z-Z (heh) Check me out . .  30's the new 20 nigga I'm so HOT STILL (Uhh) Better broad, better automobile (Uhh) Bet a yard (Naw) Bet a hundred mil Then by the songs end I'll probably start another trend I know everything you wann' do I did all that by the age of twenty-one By twenty-two, I had that brand new Ac' coupe I guess you could say that my legend just begun, I'm Young enough to know the right car to buy Yet grown enough not to put rims on it I got that six-deuece with curtains, so you can't see me And I didn't even have to put tints on it I don't got the bright watch, I got the right watch I don't buy out the bar, I bought the nightspot I got the right stock, I- got Stockbrokers that's movin' it like white tops I know you like fuck! this is child abuse Call DYFS, I might just be gettin' nicer You young boys ain't ready for real 30's the new 20 nigga, I'm so HOT STILL [Chorus I] I used to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck Baby boy now I'm all grown up I used to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck Baby boy now I'm all grown up I used to play the block like dat (like dat) I used to carry knots like dat (like dat) Now I got Black cards, good credit and such Baby boy 'cause I'm all grown up 30's the new 20 nigga, I'm on fire still These young boys is like fire drills (Uhh) False alarms (Uhh), the next don (Naw) He ain't got it (Uhh), on to the next one (Young) Still here (Yeah), still here like Mike Gotta stop playin' with these children (Chea) I'm a bully with the bucks (boots) Don't let the patent leather shoes fool you young'n I got the fully in the tux That was my past, now I'm so grown up I don't got one gun on me Gotta a sum army to hire a gun army, get ya spun like laundry And I'll be somewhere under palm trees, calmly, listenin' to R&B When we get the call he's, no longer with us, fire ya babysitters You little fucks fall back fa' real 30's the new 20 nigga, I'm so hot still [Chorus II] I used to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck Baby boy, now I'm all grown up I used to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck Baby boy, now I'm all grown up I used to wear my hoodie like dat (like dat) Pile deep in a hooptie like dat (like dat) Now I got Black cards, good credit and such Baby boy 'cause I'm all grown up (Heh-Heh-Heh) Y'all roll blunts, I smoke Cubans all day Y'all youngin's chase, I'm Patron'n it straight I like South Beach, but I'm in San Tropez Y'all drink Dom, but not Ros (hey) Ya chick shop at the mall My chick burnin' down Bergdorf's Comin' back with Birkin bags Ya chick is like, "What type of purse is that?" I'm from the era where niggaz don't snitch You from the era where snitchin' is the shit I'm afraid of the future (why?) Y'all respect the one who got shot, I respect the shooter Y'all go to parties to ice grill I go to parties to party with nice girls Young boys gotta chill 30's the new 20 nigga, I'm so hot still [Chorus III] I used to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck Baby boy, now I'm all grown up I used to cruise the used car lot, put crome on the truck Baby boy, now I'm all grown up Ya, we used to ball like dat (like dat) Now we own the ball team, holla back (holla back) Now I got Black cards, good credit and such Baby boy 'cause I'm all grown up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Kingdom Come Song: I Made It Typed by: garenbingham104@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist I told you Ms. Carter... here we are (Mama I made it) You know how I do it like the doc do it I fly through it That's how I operate (Mama I made it) Ghetto like the grease when you getting ya hairbraided Sweeter than ya Sister kool-aid is Hooray!! It's the underdog now my feet On the desk I'm the Presidential favorite Can't believe I got away with My earliest stages to being on stages Having my way with the world Congratulations !! Your baby boy's a made man I'm a hold the fam down like three generations I'm talking when spaceships are around and ya great-great grands Reminiscing bout the foundation you gave em For repairing my relationship with my pops before he passed All I ask is you raise your glass in this celebration Toast to the most beautiful girl in the world My inspiration thanks for the information Mama I made it... Mama I made it Out in BK where It aint everyday that you make it out Be on top of yachts waving I remember you saving for the light bill paid the rent with the light bill Now our crib dark as a basement Had to lock up the phone when you wasn't home We was communicating like the money you made wasn't basic Our cable was basic no HBO WHT just Ralph Mcdames on the station I aggravated you for Atari and Colico vision pin stripe Lee's When the first day of school came in I was ok with not having everything long as Saturdays you had the commodores playing The expression on your face was priceless Still with me till this day baby girl I won't erase it I go to my grave with the memory of the sacrifice you made You deserve a standing ovation Now your lil ms. Fit make sure everyday is Christmas write out your wish list 6's wrist is glistening you don't even like jewels But you could get missing anyway you like to Where the waters light blue anything you order Sign it to your nice room leave a extra tip ma be extra nice to em Ceo of carter foundation Wow!!! I know pop looking down I know Carlique somewhere up in the clouds like Go get em grandma make me proud Didn't have a man in the house so you made one So I act like your husband and I'm only your son I told you one day I'd get you a home I didn't know it could possibly be in Rome Told me don't wait on nobody get your own So with me myself and my microphone I made it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Pharrell Williams, Usher Album: Kingdom Come Song: Anything Typed by: wilkinsmorillo@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse One] Ooh you so nasty Amateur pole dancing Come and get this cash from me They call me rain man She tried to rain dance Money so long it will drown you girl Buried under so much stacks They had to pull back about 50 thou Before they found ya girl I brought book bags of that bankroll I'm a D boy baby they know I'm an original D boy They go bankrupt if they try to keep up No roof in my car but I got mirrors on the ceiling I'll spread bread on the bed Ever had sex on a million Tell me Anything you want girl I'll bet you never seen it like this Just stay up on that floor girl And I'll grant all your wishes You know, you know, you know You know, you know, you know You hot Especially when you bounce, bounce I really like it when you bounce, bounce [Verse Two] Red light, TLC Through the left eye My POV On the eye chat How's that for computer love She rolled her eyes back I'm like ooh you're so nasty You turned my Maybach back seat Into the Hotel De'Paris I ain't gotta go Down to the go go You got a private show that's like magic city I got stacks of fifties I got piles of hundreds That's role play Act like you want it You know you know you hot like fire You throw that body I'll throw them dollars But not them 1's and not no 5's Have you ever seen a Grover Cleveland That's a thousand dollars [Verse Three] Girl You know You hot like fire As I blow some dough You might retire Take it slow like Ne-Yo When shots was fired In the Matrix have patience Got lots of bottles Rock-a-bye baby JAY-Z got notes like Mariah Got no 1's got no 5's My D notes are higher I'm a D boy, they decoys They money is lighter Like Nicole Richie Come with me They on the diet baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Beyonc Album: Kingdom Come Song: Hollywood Typed by: Iceberry_1@hotmail.com [Intro: Jay-Z] + (Beyonc) IT AIN'T FOR EVERYBODY! (Uhhhh) Welcome to Hollywood baby (Take a picture) Uh huh You coming with? (Let's not even talk about it) Let's do it (Let's Go!) [Bridge 1: Beyonc] + (Jay-Z) (Uh huh) I see your jealousy as you watching (I see you watching me baby) You watching (Its's all good) It's kinda sexy to me how you watching (I love it) You watching (Uh huh come on) I see your face (I see your face) You wanna touch it (You wanna touch it) Come to my place (Come to the crib) And let's discuss it (Let's chop it up) Tonight you'll be (Tonight you gon' be a superstar baby) a superstar come let me sign you up (let's get into it) [Chorus: Beyonc] + (Jay-Z) Ooh it's the lights (You blinded by the) Action! (You need that) Hollywood Ooh it's the lights (You blinded by the) Satisfaction! (You need that) Hollywood (Uh huh come on) [Verse 1: Jay-Z] Paparazzi spots me In the lobby Of my high-rise I hide Behind my shades Cause the fame is blinding my eyes My god I know how Ozzie Oz Once had felt when he was as high As I have got I have got To make this stop People often warn me That the fame ain't for the vain if heart It'll change those Who they had love for you Into strangers When your fame starts It's a chain reaction Locomotion like when the train departs Stranger Things have happened Rapping Stacking Platinum plaquin' Born in Brooklyn got a place in Manhattan Going back to Brooklyn To escape the madness When your friends is Chris and Gwyneth When your girl is more famous Then you then is Time to get all your windows tinted Keep your eyes squinted It's gon' flash any minute The music biz is like musical chairs Its about where you standing when the music stop spinning In a [Beyonc Verse] + (Jay-Z) You got to get it oh oh oh oh oh oh oh Do you want it oh oh oh oh oh oh oh But you don't need it oh oh oh oh oh oh oh What do you do (now that you got what you want) oh oh oh What do you do (oh you want more?) oh oh oh Hey [Verse 2: Jay-Z] Hey mista Pay sixa A lista You're in the mist of The ride of your life But you gotta keep them hits up Can't put your guard down Gotta keep your mitts up Take a sip sir It's so in toxicating ain't it Try not pick you jaded Hollywood's been good to ya Startin' feel like birds to ya Don't lie Gon' fly You addicted to the lights Without the fame How you gon survive It's like livin on Heroine You so high [Bridge 2: Beyonc] + (Jay-Z) And everybody warning you about it (Try to told you) And once you taste you can't live without it (It's addictive) Not cause you choose to not live without it (Sure you want this baby) It's now a part of you (It's a part of you) It's now a part of you And everybody warning you about it (I see you blinded) And once you taste you can't live {Chorus (with minor ad-libs from Beyonc)} Ooh it's the lights (It's the lights) Action! (Action) Hollywood (Hollywood) Ooh it's the lights (Satisfaction) Satisfaction! (So addictive) (Hey) Hollywood (Hollywood) [Verse 3: Jay-Z] Wanna be seen Male groupies What you once despised James Dean John Belushi Blow your whole life Tryna live in the lights Heroins followin Marilyn Hoppin' over the edge just like Janice Joplin River Phoenix Jimi Hendrix All of them ended by Hollywood Thank God for Hollywood Hollywood Sure you want this baby? {Throughout end of verse 3} (Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh) [Outro: Jay-Z] Hollywood Most addicted drug in the world Want the fame Want the lights Ha Ha Ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Kingdom Come Song: Trouble Typed by: Tupaclypse@gmail.com [Intro:] I done gotten in Trouble again...  [Jay-Z] What the fuck... Hehehe...I tried... I'm back Fuck I tried! I done gotten in Trouble again... [Chorus: Jay-Z] I try to pretend that I'm different but in the end we're all the same (All the same) I pray to God, Father forgive a nigga I'm never gonna change (Gonna change) I try to pretend that I'm different but in the end we're all the same (All the same) I pray to God, Father forgive a nigga I'm never gonna change (Gonna change) [Jay-Z] Now the singer Rob calls the police on me Y'all niggaz ran out and copped the CD See what I discovered is y'all snitch lovers I might speak, but I don't fuck with nobody See what Doug, Jimmy & L.A. don't know These young'uns crossed the line with Hov, I'm lettin' it blow Had the papers writing stories like: "Didn't they know? This what happen when they made that rapper CEO" I know, its just a matter of time before the steady hate Starts to overflow, then the levee breaks And my conscience go, "You escaped the RICO Why throw everything away over ego?" You paper chasin', they paper hatin' Billionaire Hov, you on the pace to make it Fuck that, exclamation, comma Quotation's "I love drama", period [Chorus: Jay-Z] I try to pretend that I'm different but in the end we're all the same (All the same) I pray to god, father forgive a nigga I'm never gonna change (Never gonna change) I try to pretend that I'm different but in the end we're all the same (All the same) I pray to god, father forgive a nigga I'm never gonna change (Never gonna change) [Jay-Z] Smelling like Patron, singing dirty rap songs Tip-toeing in the crib like six in the morn' Everyday it's the same I said in +Blueprint+ that I'd +Never Change+, it's just a part of the game Respect me I'm a thug, I might cool out for a sec But expect me to bug, it's in my blood But if my chick leave me she gon' leave me for something She gon' leave me cause Halle, she ain't gon' leave me for nothing Picture me gettin up with something sleazy Something, something, so easy You could take out of speed like nut in something Soon as you finish cuttin', you like, "leave me please" Not me, I need Angelina Jolizeey comfy So I ain't gon' make a move unless I got a Plan B That'll happen the day I have a baby by Free Not to say that anything is wrong with Free Just to say that ain't nothing wrong with me If my hand's in the cookie jar, know one thing I'ma take the cookie, not leave my ring If my hands in the cookie jar know one thing I'ma take (laughs) y'all know what I mean [Chorus: Jay-Z] I try to pretend that I'm different but in the end we're all the same (All the same) I pray to god, father forgive a nigga I'm never gonna change (Never gonna change) I try to pretend that I'm different but in the end we're all the same (All the same) I pray to god, father forgive a nigga I'm never gonna change (Never gonna change) [Jay-Z] Unh You little niggaz ain't deep you dumb You niggaz ain't gangsta, you gum, I chew lil' niggaz Hock-too, spew lil' niggaz I can only view lil'niggaz like lil' niggaz But in lieu of lil' niggaz trying to play that boy I *phew, phew* lil' niggaz with the latest toy Unlike you lil' nigga, I'm a grown ass man Big shoes to fill nigga, grown ass pants Probably hustled with your pops, go ask your parents It's apparent you're staring at a legend who Put a few lil' niggaz in their place before Trying to eat without saying their grace before Blasphemous bastard get your faith restored You're viewing your version of the Lord God--MC lil' nigga, applaud, or Forever burn in the fire that I spit at y'all I rebuke you lil' nigga, the meek shall perish I'll roof you lil' nigga, I'm a project terrorist Cute, you lil' niggaz think you in my class Substitute lil' niggaz soon feel my wrath I mute you lil' nigga, you a lil' nigga I shall abuse you lil' nigga, I'm a ill nigga Now shoot you lil' niggaz, go somewhere and play Cause the day I lose to you lil niggaz, no day [Chorus: Jay-Z] I try to pretend that I'm different but in the end we're all the same (All the same) I pray to god, father forgive a nigga I'm never gonna change (Never gonna change) I try to pretend that I'm different but in the end we're all the same (All the same) I pray to god, father forgive a nigga I'm never gonna change (Never gonna change) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Sterling Simms Album: Kingdom Come Song: Dig a Hole Typed by: triz92@hotmail.com [Jay-Z] Dig a hole bury yourself nigga Go ahead, keep going I got some nice dresses for you guys [Hook: Sterling Simms] and (Jay-Z) Told you to get your money when you see a boss coming (Yes) Thought shit was funny but what you see now (what you see now) Nothing left to accomplish I done came out of Compton (king Compton) And what's that you talking 'bout we gon' see now (we gon see now) Dig a hole (dig a hole) Dig a hole (dig a hole) go ahead Dig a hole (dig a hole) motherfucker Dig a hole (dig a hole) bury yourself Dig a hole Dig a hole Dig a hole [Verse 1] I'm still here mon frere I know the cross I bear They like, that's why they call you Hov I'm like yea I'm like air, little shots go through me, won't tear Want tissue no tears, no tissue not an issue Don't cry for me I peep these niggaz from deep Got a front row seat even if you don't speak Silent partner I hear you loud and clear You left your fingerprint you aint got to be there I'm just waiting till you dig a hole big enough to put your whole body in then I'm gon' body them Its nothing but a hobby to him Simple as serve and volley to him Niggaz like, "Hov, why don't you get at old boy?" Why kill a puppet and leave Gepetto alive? Why not wait to catch 'em all together? This way you dig one big hole, one time [Hook] [Verse 2] How's niggaz dissing me? (I made it possible) For niggaz to make history (How is this possible) Please explain the shit to me (How is it logical) Have we forgotten our history (Let's open our Bibles) It's like the disciples dissin Jesus becoming his rivals Shunning the one thing that they owed their life to You let that man hype you to go against your idol Knowing good and goddamn well this what I do Think I'm in the office I'm off my grind That's how kids become orphans (you lost your mind?) I keep my enemies close, I give 'em enough rope They put themselves in the air I just kick away the chair [Hook] [Verse 3] Hov gon' get you I ain forget your lil' disrespect No ho, Daddy gon' spank you for that shit you said It's hard to do when you got nothing to prove Everybody know you better you in a lose lose Cuz even when you win ultimately you lose Real niggaz like, "Why Hov talking to dude?" You selling little tools, only time you went plat My chain was on your neck, that's a natural fact So I'm praying that it spills outside of the booth That's when ya'll niggaz outside of your truth Outside of your league that's not what you do Niggaz throwing Roc signs outside of your coupe (hah) Don't look at Hov like he done something wrong to 'em Cuz he's onto 'em, he just took what belonged to him Niggaz playing checkers with chess playing Hov This game is over I don't know if you know You in a Hole! [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Ne-Yo Album: Kingdom Come Song: Minority Report Typed by: people_equal_lovely@hotmail.com [Intro - excerpts from News Reports] "The damage here along the Gulf coast is catastrophic There's a frantic effort underway tonight to find survivors. There are an uncounted number of the dead tonight." 	"People are being forced to live like animals" "Please ... send stuff here. We are desperate." 	"No-one says the federal government is doing 	a good job" "... and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of people ..." 	"No water ... yeah, and I fought for my country for years" "We need help. We really need help" 	"In Baghdad, they-they drop, they-they airdrop - water, food to people. Why can't 	they do that for their own people?" "... the same idiots can't get a bottle of water into a major American city in three days are trying to win a war" [Jay-Z] People was poor before the hurricane came When the downpour poured it was like when Mary J. sang Everyday it rained, so everyday the pain But ignored 'em, and showed 'em the risk was to blame But life is chain, cause and effected Niggaz off the chain, because they affected It's a dirty game, it's whatever is effective From weed to sellin' 'caine, gotta put that in effect Wouldn't you loot? If you didn't have the loot Baby needed food and you was stuck on the roof And helicopters swoop down just to get a scoop Through his telescopic lens, but he didn't scoop you For the next five days, no help ensued They called you a refugee because you seek refuge And the Commander-in-Chief, just flew by Didn't stop, 'though he had a couple seats Just proved Jet blue, he's not, jet flew by the spot But if he ran outta jet fuel and just dropped Huh, that'd've been somethin' to watch Helicopters doin' fly-bys to take a couple shots Couple portraits, then ignored him He'd be just another Bush surrounded by a couple orchards Poor kids, just 'cause they was poor kids Left them on they porches, same old story in New Orleans - Silly rappers, 'cause we got a couple Porsches MTV stopped by to film our fortresses We forget the unfortunate Sure, I ponied up a mil' but I didn't give my time So in reality I didn't give a dime or a damn, I just put my monies in the hands of the same people that left my people stranded Nothin' but a bandit, left my folks abandonned Damn, money we gave just a band aid Can't say we better on than we was before In synopsis, this is my Minority Report Can't say we better on than we was before In synopsis, this is my Minority Report [Ne-Yo] So many times I'm, coverin' my eyes Peekin' through my fingers, tryin' to hide my Frustration, at the way, that we treat 	(Seems like we don't even care) Turn on the TV, seein' the pain Sayin' such a shame, then tryin' to go on with my life Of that, I tooooooo, am guilty 	(Seems like we don't even care) So we send a little money, tell 'em it's alright 'Til we able to sleep at night You will pay that price, but some of these folks has lost they whole liiiiiiiiife 	(Seems like we don't even care) And then it wasn't on the nightly news no mo' Suddenly it didn't matter to you no mo' It went on and almost nothin' changed What the hell were they there for? 	(Seems like we don't even care) [Outro - more news excerpts (Ne-Yo)] Bush: "Buses are on the way to take those people from New Orleans, to Houston" (Seems like we don't even care) 	"They lie" "People are dying, at the Convention Center" (ohh) 	"Their government has failed them" (ohh) Kanye West: "George Bush doesn't care about 	  black people" (Seems like we don't even care) (Seems like we don't even care) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Chris Martin (Coldplay) Album: Kingdom Come Song: Beach Chair Typed by: mikeroxx@hotmail.com, Tupaclypse@gmail.com G-yeah, yeah [Verse One] Life is but a dream to me I don't wanna wake up Thirty odd years without having my cake up So I'm about my paper 24/7, 365,366 in a leap year I don't know why we here Since we gotta be here Life is but a beach chair Went from having shabby clothes Crossing over Abbey Roads Hear my angels singing to me Are you happy HOV? I just hope im hearing right Karma's got me feearing life Colleek are you praying for me I got deamons in my past So i got daughters on the way If the prophecy's correct Then the child should have to pay For the since of a father So i barter my tommorows Against my yesterdays In hopes that she'll be OK And when im no longere here The shade of face from the flare I'll give her my share of Carol's Daughter and a shiny new beach chair [Chorus: Chris Martin] I hear my angels sing... Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna wake up, wake up (I hear my angels sing) Life is but a dream and you really don't wanna leave (I hear my angels sing) Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna wake up, wake up (I hear my angels sing) Life is but a dream and you really don't wanna leave [Verse Two] Life is but a dream to me Gun shots sing to these Other guys but lullabys Don't mean a ting to me I'm not afraid of dyng I'm afraid of not trying Everyday hit every wave Like im Hawaiian I don't surf the net No i never been on myspace Too busy letting my voice vibrate Carving out my space In this world of fly girls Cutthroats & diamond cut ropes I twirls Benzs round corners Where the sun don't shine I let the wheels give a glimpse Of hope of one's grind Some said HOV, how you get so fly I said from not being afraid to fall out the sky My physical's shell So when i say farewell My soul will find an even Higher plane to dwell So fly you shall So have no fear, just know that Life is but a beach chair [Verse Three] Life is but a dream can't mimic my life I'm the thinnest cut slice Intercut, the winner's cup With winters rough enough TO interrupt life That's why I'm both The saint & the sinner Nice This is Jay everyday No compromise No compass comes with this life Just eyes So to map it out You must look inside Sure books can guid you But your heart defines you Chica You corason is what brought us home In great shape like Heidi Klum Maricon, I am on Permanent Vaca Life is but a beach chair This song is like a Hallmark card Until you read each here So till she's here And she declaired The aire I will be prepared A blueprint for you to print A map so you can back A guide for your eyes And so you won't lose scent I'll make a stink for you to think I ink these verses full of prose So you won't get connect out of 2 cent My last will and testament I leave my heir My share of Roc-AFella Records and a shiny new beach chair [Chorus] - 2X I hear my angels sing {*3X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Beyonc Album: American Gangster Song: Pray Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Intro: Beyonc] Deliver me from my enemies, oh God Defend me from all thatrise up against me Deliver me from thework of inequity And save me from the Bloody Mary [Jay-Z] Look.. mind state of a gangster from the 40's meets the business mind of Motown's Berry Gordy Turned crack rock into a chain of 40/40's Sorry my jewelry is so gaudy Slid into the party with my new pair of Mauri's America, meet the gangster Shawn Corey Hey young world, wanna hear a story? Close your eyes and you can pretend you're me I'm cut from the cloth of the Kennedy's Frank Sinatra, havin dinner with the Genovese This isthe genesis ofa nemesis Mother Americas not witnessed since the Harlem Renaissance birthed black businesses This is the tale of lost innocence As the incense burns and the turntables turn And that Al Green plays I see my mother's afro As Mama taps her toes, as she rolls her J's And my papa just left the house in search of the killer of my Uncle Ray And she's trying to calm her nerves As I observe this is just one day And what tomorrow has in store we can never be sure so all we cando is... pray [Break: Beyonc] Because of your strength... WhileI walk the pond of Eden For God is my deep fix (pray for me!) [Jay-Z] AsI head to my homeroom I observe the ruins Dope needles on the ground I hear a car go, "Vroom" Drug dealer in the BM with the top down As the girls start to giggle I ask, "Why you laugh?" They say, "You're too little" "Oneday you'll understand when you become a man 'bout thingsyou have to get you" Fast forward, freeze frame on my pistol, fistful ofdollars Ignorance is so blissful I ain't choose this life, this life chose me Around here it's the shit that you just do I just left school The same BM ispulled overby the boys dressedblue They had their guns drawn Screaming, "Just move" "Oris there something elseyou suggest we can do?" He made his way to thetrunk Opened it like, "Huh?" A treasure chest was removed Cops said he'll be back next month What we called corrupt, he calls payin dues Now when the rules is blurred As they is and were What amI to do.. but pray Pray the Lord forgive me Pray He guides mebyfor what I'm 'bout to go through... pray [Break: Beyonc]  Deliver me in thy righteousness And cause me to escape And climb thine air internal Save me thine Lord (pray for me!) [Jay-Z] Geah.. anywhere there's oppression The drug profession flourishes like beverages Refreshing, ahhh!Sweet taste of sin Everything I seen, made meeverything I am Bad drug dealer or victim, I beg Whatcame first? Moving chickens or the egg? This I why I be so fresh I'm trying to beat life 'cause I can't cheat death Treat shame with shamelessness And stainless at anuses You know the game this is? Move coke like Pepsi Don't matter what thebrand name is Istand behind mine Everything I do,I'm a man behind mine I'm not an angel, I'm sure But every nightbefore I lay I drop my knees to the floor and Ipray [Outro: Beyonc] The name shall endure forever The name shallbecontinued as long as the sun (pray for me!) Men shallbe blessed in Him All nations shall call Him blessed In your name I pray... (pray for me!) Lordblessus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: American Gangster Song: American Dreamin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [samples of "Soon I'll Be Loving You Again" by Marvin Gaye] Dreamed of you this morning Then came the dawn, and I thought you were here with me If youuuuu could only see How much I love you That's all, that's all baby [repeat 3X in background] Oh no-oh, I never gave up no way [samples] I never, felt that before I never, felt that before I never, felt that before But there's always; that's all, that's all baby [Jay-Z] This is the shit you dream about with the homie steamin out Back-to-back, backin them Beemers out Seems as our, plans to get a grand Then go off to college, didn't pan or even out We need it now, we need a town We need a place to pitch, we need a mound For now, I'm just a lazy boy Big dreaming in my La-Z-Boy In the clouds of smoke, been playin this Marvin Mama forgive me, should be thinkin 'bout Harvard But that's too far away, niggaz are starvin Ain't nuttin wrong with my aim, just gotta change the target I got, dreams of baggin sni-dow, the size of pil-lows I see pies everytime my eyes cli-dose I see rides, sixes, I gotta get those Life's a bitch, I hope to not make her a widow [repeat 3X in background] Oh no-oh, I never gave up no way [Chorus: samples] + (Jay-Z) I never, felt that before (American dreamin) I never, felt that before (Just American dreamin) I never, felt that before (American dreamin) But there's always; that's all, that's all [Jay-Z] Uh, uhhhh~! Now see the life's right there, and it seems right there It's not quite near, and it's not like we're professionals, movin the decimals Know where to cop? Nah! Got a connect? No Who in the F knows how to be successful Need a "Personal Jesus," I'm in Depeche Mode They say its celestial, its all in the stars Like Tony LaRussa on how you play your Cards Cause y'all ain't fuckin with me! The ironies are At all costs bet on before he was boss Now let's start, on your mark Get set, let's go, get out the car Goin in circles it's a vicious cycle This is a crash course, this ain't high school Wake up Muttley, you're dreamin again Your own reality show, the season begins [repeat 3X in background] Oh no-oh, I never gave up no way [Jay-Z] Step one in this process, scramble up in your projects And head to the heights where big coke is processed You gotta convince 'em that you're not from the precinct Please speak slow cause he no speaky no english If he takes a likin after a couple of trips and your money is straight, he's gon' give you consignment You're now in a game where only time can tell Survive the droughts, I wish you well - hold up Survive the droughts? I wish you well? How sick am I? I wish you health I wish you wheels, I wish you wealth I wish you insight so you could see for yourself You could see the signs when the jackers is schemin And the cops is comin, you could read they mind You could see from behind, you could redefine the game as we know it, one dream at a time I'm American dreamin [repeat 3X in background] Oh no-oh, I never gave up no way [Jay-Z] American dreamin {*instrumental continues for another 1:02*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Lil Wayne Album: American Gangster Song: Hello Brooklyn 2.0 Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro:] Helloooooooooooooo!!!!!!!! Brooklynnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Hello Brooklyn, how you doin? Where you goin? And can I come to? And If I can, I'm a be your man You could be my lady, and have my baby And drive my cars, and drive me crazy Wherever you goin baby girl just take me Cause I'm so taken, if you taken I'm just sayin baby I'm just sayin [Verse 1: Jay-Z] Like a mama you birth me, Brooklyn you nursed me Schooled me with hard knocks, better than Berkeley They said you murked me, by the time I was twenty one That shit disturbed me, but you never hurt me Hello Brooklyn, if we had a daughter Guess what I'm a call her, Brooklyn Carter When I left you for Virginia, it didn't offend ya Cause you know I only stepped out to get dinner And I'm eatin, so much i bought extra So much so the dinner now turnin to breakfast I only roll Lexus, to hug your road I love your corners, I'm half your soul [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Hello Brooklyn, how you doin? Where you goin? And can I come to? And If I can, I'm a be your man You could be my lady, and have my baby And drive my cars, and drive me crazy Wherever you goin baby girl just take me Cause I'm so taken, if you taken I'm just sayin baby I'm just sayin [Verse 2: Lil Wayne] (Jay-Z) Hello Brooklyn, what's your story? She said she eatin' on the run but she ain't N.O.R.E. She said she got a man but he ain't worried But baby I'm a have to +Rob+ him like +Horry+ She said she love B.I.G. and she like 2Pac And when I said Jay-Z she said it's The ROC And I'm a leave it like this, like this like that Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? Have you seen her? And when she tell you somethin you better believe her She told me she like my New Orleans demeanor And so I said goodbye Katrina, and hello Brooklyn But baby you are, the sweetest sight eyes could see I said hello Brooklyn, but baby I hope you never say goodbye to me I said hello Brooklyn, but but baby you are so damn fine to me And I remember the time (Time) place (Place) and the weather On the day you said hi to me and let's say hello Brooklyn [Verse 3: Jay-Z] Brooklyn we crazy, look how you made me Razor blades in my mouth walkin 'round behavin Or demented black hoodies and Timberlanded Always schemin you see the green on that niggas pendant Hello Brooklyn, you bad influence look what you had me doin But I ain't mad at you, look at my attitude It says my life too real, check out my ice grill Baby I'm cold as ice, like I'm from Brownsville But my Bed's in the Stuy so while I Flatten your Bush Till we smoke a C.I. what up to the boy B.I. You know I handle B.I. I dont half step on a Kane Ask the dreads 'bout I, how you gwaan so? She like it hardcore, So I grind slow Iller than Albee Square Mall back in the 9-0 My fine hoe we got some victims to catch So in a couple years baby I'm a bring you some Nets [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Hello Brooklyn, how you doin? Where you goin? And can I come to? And If I can, I'm a be your man You could be my lady, and have my baby And drive my cars, and drive me crazy Wherever you goin baby girl just take me Cause I'm so taken, if you taken I'm just sayin baby I'm just sayin [Outro: Lil Wayne] And hello Brooklyn, but but baby you are, the sweetest thing eyes could see Hello Brooklyn, baby I hope you never say goodbye to me I said hello Brooklyn, but baby you are, so damn fine to me But I remember the time, place, and the weather on the day you said goodbye to me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: American Gangster Song: No Hook Typed by: bomberfromdabean@aim.com Most important thing in business is honesty, integrity, hard work, family... Never forgetting where we came from Poor me, dad was gone, finally got my dad back Liver bad, he wouldn't live long, they snatched my dad back God as I never had that, streets was my second home Welcomed me with open arms provided a place to crash at A place to study math at, matter of fact, I learned it all Burned it all, this music is where I bury the ashes at Flash back, not having much, not having that Had to get some holla bread so you can holla back, and holla that My Jewish lawyer too enjoyed the fruit of letting my cash stack And just in case a nigga gotta use his rat-tat-tat-tat Own boss, own your, masters, slaves The mentality I carry with me to this very day Fuck rich, let's get wealthy, who else gon feed we? If I need it, I'ma get it however, God help me ....And I don't need no hook for this shiiiit I'm so fa sho, it's no facade Stay outta trouble, momma said, as momma sighed Her fear her youngest son be a victim of homicide But I gotta get you outta here momma, or I'ma die ...inside And either way, you lose me momma so let loose of me I got the rain our direction will soon change To live and die in N-Y in the hustle game Hustle caine, hustle clothes, I hustle music But hustle hard in any hustle that you pick Skinny nigga, toothpick, but, but I do lift  Weight like I'm using, rhoids, Rolls, Royce keep my movements Smooth while manuevering, through all the maneur in The sewer that I grew up in Choices, we make trying to escape And I don't need no hook for this shiiiit... This is not for commercial usage Please don't categorize this as music Please don't compare me to other rappers Compare me to trappers, I'm more Frank Lucas than Ludacris And Luda's my dude, I ain't trying to diss Like Frank Lucas is cool, but I ain't trying to snitch I'ma follow the rules no matter how much time I'ma get I'ma live and die with the decisions that I'ma pick So fuck Dehaven for caving, that's why we don't speak Made men ain't supposed to make statements End of the story, I followed the code, cracked the safe Other niggas ain't in the game so they practice hate Leave that boy Hov alone, why don't cha? You don't have to if you don't want to but don't say I didn't warn ya Oh... And I don't need no hook for this shiiiit... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: American Gangster Song: Roc Boys (And the Winner Is)... Typed by: bomberfromdabean@aim.com And the winner is Hov... my man. SPEECH! First of all I wanna thank my connect The most important person with all due respect Thanks to duffle bag, the brown paper bag The Nike shoe box for holding all this cash Boys in blue who put greed before the badge The first pusher whoever made the stash The Roc Boys in the building tonight (hey!) Oh what a feeling I'm feeling life (hey!) Thanks to the lames, niggas with bad aim Thanks to a little change I tore you out the game Bullet wounds will stop your bafoonery Thanks to the pastor rapping at your eulogy To Lil Kim and them, you know the women friend Who, carry the work cross state for a gentlemen Yeah, thanks to all the hustlers And most importantly you, the customer Chorus: Jay-z [Kanye West] The Roc Boys in the building tonight Oh what a feeling, I'm feeling life You don't even gotta bring ya paper out We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house [We in the house, hou-, hou-] The Roc Boys in the building tonight Look at how I'm chilling, I'm killing this ice You don't even gotta bring ya purses out We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house [We in the house, hou-, hou-] [We in the house, hou-, hou-, HEY] Let ya hair down baby, I just hit a score Pick any place on the planet, pick a shore Take what the Forbes figure, then figure more Cause they forgot to account what I did with the raw Pick a time, lets pick apart some stores Pick a weekend for freaking for figure fours I figure frauds never hit a lick before So they don't know the feeling when them things get across Put ya hand out the window, feel the force Feel the Porsche, hit the frost Ice cold, jewels got no flaws Drop got no top, you on the top floor Pink Rosay, think OJ I get away with murder when I sling yay Heroin got less steps than Britney That means it ain't stepped on, dig me? Chorus (with overlapping 3rd verse towards end) Red Porsches, rare portraits Red guns if you dare come near the fortress This apple sauce is from the apple orchid This kinda talk is only reserved for the bosses Which means I get it from the ground Which means you get it when I'm around Rich niggas, black bar mitzvahs Mazel tov, it's a celebration bitches, L'Chayim I wish for you a hundred years of success but it's my time Cheers, toast to crime Number one D-boy, shame he could rhyme chorus x 3 Sweet, let that ride out! Bring the horns back in, yeah This is black super hero music right here baby American Gangsta Taking flight, coming to a town near you Soon as I touch down I just want ya'll to start playing the horns like... Hovies home...Lukey baby Hahahahaha...ow! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: American Gangster Song: Sweet Typed by: gouveiar@dickinson.edu [Verse 1] Sweet - and still there's pain (pain) (pain) If I would have grew up to be a doctor My nephews would have grew up to do the same (same) (same) But since I grew up through the game And my influence is the same And my therapy is music They ask if you ashamed (ashamed) (ashamed) And though I wish I could separate the two things I cannot so my answer to you remains I can walk down the hall of mirrors in Versailles And be so satisfied when I look myself in the eyes No shame, no sir Just big boats and tearin the coast up Tight coups like I'm wearin the roadster For in the coup, bearhuggin the holster Hov' alright al-right And that may not be what you call perfect but But it's my life (uh) The life (uh-uh) the life (uh-uh) the life Once again it's the life [Verse 2] So I make no apologies, crooked policies  So a G a nigga gotta be We playin for property no monopoly So I'll pass go and let my nephew follow me They say the child shall lead So I take it far as I can and then we shall see Shall we dance with the devil for a beat I pray to God I ain't got two left feet Do the hustle put keys in the street Then I'm ballroom dancing  Ke-ke'in in the suite Sweet, BB's on the feet TV's in the seat, ene-mies on the creep It's so corrupt Soak it up it's a lesson  Every fuck up One day you're up  Next day you're down  Long as you stay the same it'll come back around [Verse 3] I'm even better I'm eatin better Best thing about it is My niggas eatin together With each endeavor, we reachin levels Niggas ain't seen in like forever  I'm Hyman Roth I made all my partners rich I can't vouch for you If you ain't a part of this So pardon me as I pave my wrist (uh) As I parlay my chips HOV alright alright American gangster gangster Businesses like I'm white But I'm not, I'm just bright So fly with no fear of the flight So if y'all hear my plight And if you think you can make it this far without a fight Couple mistakes here and there Not always right, but I'm always real That's how I sleep at night [Jay-Z] Sweet The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Pharrell Album: American Gangster Song: I Know Typed by: ny4life33@yahoo.com [Chorus - Pharrell] (Jay-Z) And I Know And I Know And I Know And I Know (I know what you like) And I Know And I Know And I Know And I Know (I know what you love) Everything you like  Everything you love  Everything you like Everything you love And I Know And I Know And I Know And I Know And I Know And I Know And I Know And I Know I know what you like  Everything you like   (Baby you like ....HOV!)  Everything you love   (Baby you love ....HOV!) Everything you like   (Baby you like ....HOV!) Everything you love   (Baby you love ....HOV!) [Verse 1] Uh She wants that old thing back Uh, uh, uh She want those heroin tracks She likes me She fiends for me nightly She leans for me Morning she rush for my touch This is about lust Cold sweats occur when I'm not with her My presence is a must, must-must Bonita Applebum, I gotta put you on If I didn't when we cuttin', the feeling would be too strong In any form, I'm giving you sweet dreams That Sugar Hill, she call me her sweet thing That Black Rain that take away your pain Just for one night, baby, take me in vein Now that feelin' got you trippin' You no wanna feel no different Said lust has got you itchin' All wide open and its' drippin'(eh,eh,eh,eh) I know what you like, I am your prescription I'm your physician, I'm your addiction [Verse 2] I am so dope Like Louis Vuittons with the red bottoms You gotta have 'em, you glad you got 'em Like every color, Giuseppe's your guilty pleasure is me Its so much fun, you shun therapy Although it never be, the feeling is fleeting Shopping's like coppin', you constantly need it I'm never around, you constantly seeking You'll never be down, I know where your peak is 9 1/2 weeks is better than 12-steps I keep tryin' to remind you to keep tellin' yourself Now your conscience is interfering, like "Better yourself!" Like you better get help But when that medicine's felt? We're back together Don't ever leave me Don't ever let 'em tell you that you'll never need me My China White, 'til we D.O.A. Its Montega forever, baby, lets get away.... [Verse 3] How could you leave me? I thought that you needed me When the world got too much and you pleaded with me Who helped you immediately? How speedy of me How could you deny me so vehemently? Now your body is shakin' trying to free it of me And your soul is in control, trying to lead it from me And your heart no longer pledge allegiance to me Damn, I'm missing the days when you needed the D The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: American Gangster Song: Party Life Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [samples of "Does Your Mama Know" by Rudy Love & The Love Family in background] Ohhhhhhhhhhh.. I like the party life! The city in bright lights Little girls dressed in the skintight [Jay-Z over samples] Break out the red lights, welcome to the party life Welcome to the 70's... sah-wweet~! [Jay-Z] Ordered some Patreezy, while talkin to this breezy Brushin off my three-piece, I make this look too easy So tall and lanky; my suit, it should thank me I make it look, good to be this hood Meyer Lansky Mixed with Lucky Lefty, gangster effortlessly Papa was a rolling stone it's in my an-ces-try I'm in a whole 'nother league, niggaz never catch me And I sport fly shit, I should win the ESPY [samples] When you're blue, and got nothin to do Welcome to the party life If you're feelin low, we got to see the glow Head into the party life [Jay-Z over samples] Hehehehe... baby I said I-I sport, fly shit I should win the Espy I'm really in another league, babe I got a slick mouth, you might wanna roll with me [Jay-Z] I'm on the bra strap, she's on my dick Ain't nothin' wrong with that, that's my biiitch! I be the boss of that, I'm on her shiiit So all you niggaz fall back, I'll split ya wiiig She's my little quarterback - ya dig? Cause I'm all that in the sack; yeah, ya dig? I spoiled her, foiled it if you fakin jax She's used to million dollar vacations Fuck y'all gon' do with that? [samples] When you're blue, and got nothin to do Welcome to the party life If you're feelin low, we got to see the glow Get into the party life [Jay-Z over samples] Ay baby, see When you're used to filet mignon It's kinda hard to go back to Hamburger Helper It's your choice though baby Head into the party life [Interlude] (Is you rollin, rollin, rollin) Yeah, baby, is you rollin? {Head into the party life} You can stall out or ball out (Is you rollin, rollin, rollin) Make a choice {Headin-headin to the party life} It's so gangster, baby [Jay-Z] Sippin on my vino got me cooler than Pacino and DeNiro put together my real life is like "Casino" They should pay me for some B-roll Takin G-strokes through the ghee-to When rap-pap-pap-pid fire's just a neccesary evil Hola Ho-vi-to, cooler than ze-ro Be-low, fresh one blade, no chemo Art with no easel, please it;s no equal Your boy's "Off the Wall" these other niggaz is Tito [samples] Ohhhhhhhhhhh.. I like the party life! The city in bright lights Little girls dressed in the skintight [Jay-Z over samples] DAMN~! Ay baby I said I'm I'm "Off the Wall" I'm like a young Michael Jackson These other niggaz is Tito Shout out to Randy, hehehehe Real talk! [samples] When you're blue, and got nothin to do Welcome to the party life If you're feelin low, we got to see the glow Head into the party life [Jay-Z over samples] I'ma just let this ride out I might let it ride out for like seven minutes You can groove to it, whatever Get your two step - AOWWW! Guru, turn the lights down Let's keep it smooth This that shit you roll up, like a lil' tight J to Sip your lil' wine, whatever your vice is y'know Whatever you like to do Get into your comfort zone baby, get into yo' comfort zone [samples] When you're blue, and got nothin to do Welcome to the party life If you're feelin low, we got to see the glow Head into the party life [Jay-Z over samples] Head into the party life I don't even want it to stop though, f'real though [Jay-Z] Step into my bedroom, I, call it the red room Cau-cause it gets hot hot hot hot... I trust you gon' like it; see, why are we talkin all this fly shit? Cau-cau-cau-cau-cau-cause I'm the flyest Hovito, baby, no equal, baby Sold perico, beat the RICO, now I'm leg-al ba-by Hovito, baby, no equal, baby Sold perico, beat the RICO, now can we go crazy [samples] When you're blue, and got nothin to do Welcome to the party life If you're feelin low, we got to see the glow Head into the party life {*fade out last 0:12*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Beanie Sigel Album: American Gangster Song: Ignorant Shit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Jay-Z] Yes sir~! Just the sound of his voice is a hit, heh heh Y'all niggaz got me really confused out there I make "Big Pimpin'" or "Give it to Me" one of those Y'all hail me as the greatest writer of the 21st century I make some thought provokin shit y'all question whether he fallin off I'ma really confuse y'all on this one... follow! [Verse One: Jay-Z] When them tops come down, chicks tops come down Like when them shots come out, make cops come around When them blocks come out I can wake up a small town Finish off the block then I make my mall rounds Stares get exchanged then the fifth come out The tough guy disappear, then the bitch come out "That's him!" I'm usually what they whisper 'bout Either what chick he with, or his chip amount Cause I been doin' this since C*H*I*P*S was out Watchin Erik Estrada, baggin up at the Ramada Table full of powder, AC broke 'Bout to take another shower on my twenty-fifth hour Spike Lee's everywhere, game on the flight You might see me anywhere, day in the life Only thing changed the tail number on the flight I can touch down and take off the same night [Chorus: Jay-Z] I'm so bossy, bitch get off me Trick get off me, you can't get shit off me I'm so flossy, no 6's or Sprees Laid back, Maybachs, don't even talk to me This is that ignorant shit you like Nigga fuck shit ass bitch trick precise, c'mon I got that ignorant shit you love Nigga fuck shit maricn puta and drugs, c'mon I got that ignorant shit you need Nigga fuck shit ass bitch trick plus weed, c'mon I'm only tryin to give you what you want Nigga fuck shit ass bitch you like it don't front! [Verse Two: Jay-Z] They're all actors Lookin at themselves in the mirror backwards Can't even face themselves, don't fear no rappers They're all weirdos, DeNiros in practice So don't believe everything your earlobe captures; it's mostly backwards Unless it happens to be as accurate as me And everything said in song you happen to see Then, actually, believe half of what you see None of what you hear, even if it's spat by me And with that said, I will kill niggaz dead Cut niggaz short, give you wheels for legs I'm a K-I-double-L-E-R See y'all in Hell, shoot niggaz straight through the E.R. Whoa~! This ain't B.R., no This S.C. CEO, the next Lyor, no The next leader of the whole free world And the first thing I'ma do is free Sigel, go [Verse Three: Beanie Sigel] Take off the cuffs, unlock the gate It's that ignorant nigga that you love to hate The oh-seven Ice Cube, B. Sig' so rude Tell a trick get these nuts, eat dick like food Now see if I care if this verse get aired Even if you mute it, the curse is there, yeah I'm so rauncy, bitch get off me Keep my flea collar on, you lil' ticks get off me [Verse Four: Jay-Z] I missed the part when it stopped bein 'bout Imus What do my lyrics got to do with this shit! "Scarface" the movie did more than Scarface the rapper to me So that ain't to blame for all the shit that's happened to me Are you sayin what I'm spittin Is worse than these celebrataunts showin they kittin, you kiddin! Let's stop the bullshittin 'Til we all without sin, let's quit the pulpittin "Scarface" the movie did more than Scarface the rapper to me So that ain't to blame for all the shit that's happened to me Now stop the bullshittin 'Til we all without sin, let's quit the pulpittin [Chorus: Jay-Z] This is that ignorant shit you like Nigga fuck shit ass bitch trick precise, c'mon I got that ignorant shit you love Nigga fuck shit maricn puta and drugs, c'mon I got that ignorant shit you need Nigga fuck shit ass bitch trick plus weed, c'mon I'm only tryin to give you what you want Nigga fuck shit ass bitch you like it don't front! [Jay-Z] It's only entertainment! Hehehe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: American Gangster Song: Say Hello Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Uhh, uhh, uhh Uhh... It's that Roc-A-Fella music, soulful [Chorus: Jay-Z] Say hello, to the bad guy (hello) they say I'm a bad guy I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (say hello) They say I'm a menace (hello) that's the picture they paint They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (say hello) They say I'm a bad guy (hello) say hi to the bad guy I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (say hello) They say I'm a menace (hello) that's the picture they paint They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (say hello) Ay (say hello), ay, ay, ay They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't [Verse One: Jay-Z] I ain't playin, life's short so I aim I ain't waitin 'til lifers start betrayin 'em It's twice as hard to get a job as payin 'em So I ain't payin attention to what you're sayin Raindrops keep fallin on my brain Cousin in the drop all flames I'm so hot even if the weather change I don't have no top, I'm insane 'Member dark-skinned Jermaine Who swayed in the rain, we sorta kinda the same 'Cept, I'm no lame, and you gonna know my name Before I go the world gon' feel my pain They sayin, I'm a bad guy, why's that? Cause when my back's against the wall, nigga I react Secretly though, I know you admire that You wish you had the balls to fire back, brrrap Say hello, uhh uh, hello, uhh uh You wish you had the balls to fire back, brrap! [Verse Two: Jay-Z] I ain't no ordinary nigga Look around, this ain't what ordinary gets ya (IT AIN'T~!) Extraordinary figures (damn) I'm an extraordinary nigga Before my name became Jigga Before I sang I had that thang on slippers Can't complain 'bout what they ain't gon' give ya That ain't gon' get ya shit, might as well give up Or get up, get out and get somethin nigga Get a job my nigga, or get to dumpin Only God can judge him, only he without sin Tell me if my means, justified my ends 'Til then, I'm just gon' fly in the Benz Wire my friends, through Western Union Shhhhh, suprisin My system knockin, here comes the bad guy again Say hello, uhh uh, hello, uhh uh Hello, uhh here comes the bad guy again [Chorus] minus last line [Verse Three: Jay-Z] ... let me tell you what I ain't We ain't thugs for the sake of just bein thugs Nobody do that where we grew at, nigga duh The poverty line we not above So I come to mask and gloves cause we ain't feelin the love We ain't doin crime for the sake of doin crimes We movin dimes cause we ain't doin fine One out of three of us is locked up doin time You know what this type of shit can do to a nigga moms My mind on my money, money on my mind If you owe me ten dollars you ain't givin me nine Y'all ain't give me 40 acres and a mule So I got my glock 40 now I'm cool And if Al Sharpton is speakin for me Somebody, give him the word and tell him I don't approve Tell him I remove the curses If you tell me our schools gon' be perfect When Jena Six don't exist Tell him that's when I'll stop sayin bitch, BEEEITCH~! [Chorus] minus last line The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Nas Album: American Gangster Song: Success Typed by: DaSun Akbar ["Dominic Cattano" from American Gangster (film)] "Your Success took a shot at you what are you going to do now? how are you gonna kill it? you're gonna become unsuccessful? Frank, you can be successful and have enemies uh? be unsuccessful too, and even have friends" [Jay-Z] I got these niggas breezy, don't worry about it Let that bitch breathe I use to give a fuck, now I give a fuck less What do I think of success?... it sucks to much stress I guess I blew up quick 'Cause friends I grew up with See me as a Pre'me but I'm not and my nuts big I don't know what the fuss Is, my career is illustrious My rep is impeccable; I'm not to be fucked with with, shit, let that bitch breathe I'm way to important to be talking about extorting Asking me for a portion is like asking for a coffin Broad daylight I'll off your on switch You're not to bright, goodnight long kiss bye bye my reply... BLAH, BLAH Blast burner then pass burner to Tye-Tye Finish my breakfast, why? I got an appetite for destruction and you're a small fry Now where was I? Let that bitch breathe I use to give a shit, now I don't give a shit more Truth be told I had more fun when I was piss poor I'm pissed off, and is this what success is all about? a bunch a niggas acting like bitches with big mouths All this stress, all I got is this big house Couple of cars, I don't bring half of them shits out All of this ace of spade I drank just to piss out I mean I like the taste coulda saved myself 6 hours How many times can I go to Mr. Childs, taos mobu Hold up, lemme move my bouwls I'll shit on y'all niggas, OG tell these boys (Ya ain't about to shit on my nigga) I got watches I ain't seen in months Apartment at the Trump; I only slept in once Niggas said Hova was ova, such dummies Even If I fell I'll land on a bunch of money Ya ain't got nothing for me "Nas; let that bitch breathe" [Nas] Success, McLaren, women staring My villain appearance sacred blood of a king and my vein ain't spilling Ghetto Othello, Sugar Hill Romello Camaro driven, I climax from paper and ask why is life worth living? Is it to hunt for the shit that you want? To recieve's great, but I lust giving The best jewelers wanna make my things I make Jacob shit on Lorraine just to make me a chain Niggas mentioned on One Love Came home to the paper in hand Ain't gotta brag about the FEDS young man Old cribs I sold, y'all drive by like monuments Google Earth Nas; I got flats in other continents Worst enemies wanna be my best friends Best friends wanna be enemies like that's what's in But I don't give a fuck walk inside the lions den Take everybody's chips, about to cash them in Up your catalog dawg, mine's worth to much Like Mike Jacks ATV pub, Mottola can't touch Let this bitch breathe [Jay-Z & Nas] Let this bitch breathe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Bilal Album: American Gangster Song: Fallin' Typed by: Pacman5009@yahoo.com [Chorus - Bilal] I know I should've did that I know it's gonna come right back I know it's gonna destroy everything I made It's probably gonna get ya boy sent away But this game I play ain't no way to fix it It's inevitable that I'm... [Verse 1 - Jay-Z] Said where I would stop be- fore' I even started When I get to one brick Then the game I would depart with Got to one brick then I looked to the sky like Sorry God I lied But give me one more try Got the two bricks New cars new whips But niggas never learn till they End up in the news clip The irony of selling drugs Is sort of like you using it Guess it's two sides to what Substance abuse is Can't stop won't stop Addicted to this new shit Brand new convertibles I'm so roofless Front row fight night See how big my tube is Fuck HD nigga See how clear my view is? (Bilal: Fallin')... But there's a price for overdoing it Doin' it this big will put you on the map Stick-up kids is out to tax Plus the FBI boys with the cameras in the back Damn....... [Chorus - Bilal] I know I should've did that I know it's gonna come right back I know it's gonna destroy everything I made It's probably gonna get ya boy sent away But this game I play ain't no way to fix it It's inevitable (Jay-Z: Now ya) Fallin' [Verse Two - Jay-Z] When you should've fall back Now ya (Bilal: Fallin') Right into they lap Fallin' and applauding And They screaming at the screen Damn you fucked up like your favorite movie scene Godfather Goodfellas Scarface Casino You seen what that last run did to Denerio And he can't beat the odds Can't cheat the Gods Can't blow to hard Life's a deck of cards Now ya tumbling it's humbling Ya fallin' ya mumbling Under ya breath like you knew this day was coming (Bilal: Fallin').... Now let's pray that arm candy That you left ya ex for stay down and come in handy Cause come January it gets cold When the letters start to slow And ya commissary low And lawyers screams appeal Only thinking about a bill And ya chances are nil Damn gravity's ill..... [Chorus - Bilal] I know I should've did that I know it's gonna come right back I know it's gonna destroy everything I made It's probably gonna get ya boy sent away But this game I play ain't no way to fix it It's inevitable (Jay-Z: But your) Fallin' [Verse Three - Jay-Z] And ya can't get up All you do is push-up Pull-up sit-up Locked down the town now belongs to the squares Who said they won't make the same mistake that got you there And ya arm candy sweet on em'and the women That you left for this heffer got a college degree coming Bad news keeps comin' Hard to keep something on ya stomach Your sick 'bout what ya life is becoming (Bilal: Fallin')... But your use-to's has-beens Ragging bad 'bout all the new dudes Talking tough on the Youtube Bout what you use to do But that's old school to the new crew They doin' numbers like Sudoku There're the new you And it's damn near inevitable They'll experience deja vu too Fight and you'll never survive Run and you'll never escape So just fall for Grace Damn... [Chorus - Bilal] I know I should've did that I know it's gonna come right back I know it's gonna destroy everything I made It's probably gonna get ya boy sent away But this game I play ain't no way to fix it It's inevitable that I'm [Bilal] Fallin'  Seems like I'm fallin' (repeated x7) fades............ The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: American Gangster Song: Blue Magic Typed by: ny4life33@yahoo.com [Intro] Roc-A-Fella records The imperial Skateboard P Great Hova Y'all already know what it is (oh shit!) C'mon! [Verse 1] Yeah; so what if you flip a couple words? I could triple that in birds open your mind you see the circus in the sky I'm Ringling Brothers Barnum & Bailey with the pies No matter how you slice it I'm your motherfuckin guy Just like a b-boy with 360 waves Do the same with the pot, still come back beige Whether right or southpaw, whether pot or the jar Whip it around - it still come back hard So easily do I W-H-I-P My repitition with wrists'll bring you kilo figures I got creole C.O. bitches for my niggaz who slipped, became prisoners, trees taped to the visitors You already know what the business is Unnecessary commissary boy we live this shit Niggaz wanna bring the 80s back That's okay with me, that's where they made me at Except I don't write on the wall I write my name in the history books, hustle in the hall (hustle in the hall) Nah, I don't spin on my head  I spin work in the pots so I can spend my bread [Chorus] (Pharrell) And I'm gettin it, I'm gettin it I ain't talkin about it, I'm livin it I'm gettin it, straight gettin it Ge-ge-ge-get get get it boy (Don't waste your time fighting the life  Stay your course, and you'll understand) Get it boy [Verse 2] It's '87 state of mind that I'm in (mind that I'm in) In my prime, so for that time, I'm Rakim (I'm Rakim) If it wasn't for the crime that I was in But I wouldn't be the guy whose rhymes it is that I'm in (that I'm in) No pain, no profit, P I repeat if you show me where the pot is (pot is) Cherry M3's with the top back (top back) Red and green G's all on my hat North beach leathers, matching Gucci sweater Gucci sneaks on to keep my outfit together Whatever, hundred for the diamond chain Can't you tell that I came from the dope game Blame Reagan for making me into a monster Blame Oliver North and Iran-Contra I ran contraband that they sponsored Before this rhymin stuff we was in concert [Verse 3] Push (push) money over broads, you got it, fuck Bush Chef (chef), guess what I cooked Baked a lot of bread and kept it off the books  Rockstar, look, way before the bars my picture was getting took Feds, they like whack rappers Tried as they may, couldn't get me on the hook D.A. wanna indict me Cause fish scales in my veins like a pisces The pyrex pot, rolled up my sleeves Turn one into two like a Siamese Twin when it end, I'm a stand as a man never dyin or admirin these Last of a dyin breed, so let the champagne pop I partied for a while now I'm back to the block The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z     Album: American Gangster Song: American Gangster Typed by: ny4life33@yahoo.com [Intro] And you say New York City Uh-huh Put your hands together Young! Uh-huh Yeah Uh-huh Yes I'm from the 80's, Home of the heroine, Error of the hustlers, uh The world is my custy New Rich Porter The way I flip quarters Front on all these other rap artists, but me Momma was a mink wearer, Papa ran numbers So it's plain to see, where my whole plan come from American dream, I'm living the life still The way I shine is like a zillion dollar light bill Still I'm grinding, army jacket lining 40 below timbs on, getting my M's on My best friends gone, I seen bad days Still find songs that I hear him on Getting my Mary J. Blige +Reminisce+ on I hear his voice in my mind, like, nigga live on So I get on that fly shit I been on Spin on corners in enzo with rims on But for info, puffin' on Endo-Nesia Give me amnesia I ease up, that right, I'm high nigga I want the sky, The world when I'm done I'm give it to my sons Let 'em live it up, split it up, switch it up, uh Sixes kit it up, man I did it up, done The rest of my belongings belong in the hall of fame, a list of hits next to all my names I came [Bridge] Uh-huh I want the sky baby I want the sky baby If the sky should fall And it all goes tomorrow, and they foreclose on the house and auction off all my cars Don't cry for me Argentina, I mobbed in the beamer Took trips abroad, got mobbed in Sardina In Ibiza I had pizza in the club Ladies know I'm that guy, they wanna piece of my love Now they wanna ya boy like Mike in his prime Billie Jean, the goddamn boy ain't mine And the Roc break up had the people losing hope Can't lie, they had Muhammad Hovi on the ropes Now I'm back in the go mode, back in the go-go's Throwing the diamond up, repping the logo Rose gold rose flow, I'm okay though What Don't kill me makes stronger than before so Here we go and I'm not domino When it all falls down, I'm like Kanye's jaw I might break but I don't fold, till I hold the sky in my hand Yeah that's my goal And then I bid you Freddy Adu Prodigal Child, y'all not ready for the fu-ture Then I disappear in the Bermuda Triangle My name will be viewed such Here's to the man that refused to give up I want the sky nigga, Chuuuuuuch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint 3 Song: What We Talkin' About Typed by: joshuajelks@yahoo.com  (Jay-Z Talking) Blueprint trios [Verse 1] Yeah Yeah What we talkin' bout real shit? Or we talkin' bout ryhmes You talkin' bout millions Or you talking' bout mine What we talkin' bout Cuz I ain't got time For what people be talkin' bout all the time What we talkin' bout fiction Or we talkin bout fact You talkin' bout fiction? Hold up pardon my back I'm talkin' bout life And all I hear is Oh yeah he keeps talkin' bout crack I ain't talkin' bout profit I'm talkin' bout pain I'm talkin' bout despair I'm talkin' bout shame I ain't talkin' bout gossip I ain't talkin' bout Game I ain't talkin bout Jimmy I ain't talkin' bout Dame I'm talkin' bout real shit Dem people playin' What is you talkin' bout I don't know what y'all sayin' People keep talkin' bout Hov take it back I'm doin' better than before Why would I do that? Ain't nothing cool bout carryin' a strap Bout worryin' your moms And buryin' your best cat Talkin' bout revenge While carryin' his casket All teary-eyed Bout to take it to a matress I'm talkin' bout music I ain't talkin' bout rap You talkin' bout who's hot I ain't talkin' bout that The conversation is changed Lets yap about that I don't run rap no more I run the map (Hook) They Talk, We Live, We see what They say, They say, They say They Talk, We Did, Who cares what They say, They say, They say [Verse 2] Still they can't' focus on them They be talkin' bout me Talkin' bout what I wear Talkin' bout where I be Check out my hair These ain't curls these is peas Peasey head still get paid I'm combin' through G's Please, We ain't focused on naps Cuz I don't run rap no more I run the map A small part of the reason the President is black I told him I got him when he hit me on the jack Talkin' bout progress I ain't lookin back You know I run track Try not to get lapped People keep talkin' bout Hov left em flat Try to re-write history Lets talk about facts Dame made millions Even Jaz made some scraps He could've made more But he didn't sign his contract As far as street guys We was dealin' crack That's just how the game goes I don't owe nobody jack Grown men want me to sit em on my lap But I don't have a beard and Santa Claus ain't black I repeat, You can't sit on my lap I don't have a beard Now get off my sack Scream at me (Repeat Hook) [Verse 3] Blueprint 3 And now that that's that Lets talk about the future We have just seen the dream as predicted by Martin Luther Now you could choose ta Sit in front of your computa Posin' with guns Shootin YouTube up Or you could come with me to the White House get your suit up You stuck on being hardcore I chuck the duece up Peace out Medusa Welcome to the Blue-ah-Print-ah Tre piece Jay-Z your tutor Toota of my own horn Beep beep move-ya Ras clot when rude boy come through with the roof up So I could see the sky Cause everybody talkin' Hov I think we know why (Repeat Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint 3 Song: Thank You Typed by: joshuajelks@yahoo.com  (Jay-Z Talking) Thank you, thank you very much  For comin' out this evening  [Verse 1] Thank you, Thank you, Thank you You're far too kind Hold you're applause  This is your song not mines Thank you, thank you, thank you Please hold your applause For I just applied logic Keys keys open doors Now I'm balcony, Opera, Black Tux, Binocula Black luxe, Stop it I shouldn't be so popular Name keep poppin' up Face keep poppin' up On the tube I'm just watchin' Pacquaio box 'em up How would I know HBO would get a shot of us Sitting so close that we almost got snot on us Please don't bow in my presence How am I a Legend? I just got 10 #1 albums Maybe now 11 More hits than a Now! 11  That is no reason to treat me like I'm somehow from outta heaven Heaven knows that I've made my mistakes  Thank God, what a guy as I say my grace Who woulda thought by making birds migrate  For the winter I be fly all summer Might I say  (Hook) Thank you, Thank you, thank you You're far too kind Hold your applause This is your song not mines Thank you, Thank you, thank you You're far too kind Do me a favor, don't do me no favors I'll handle mines  [Verse 2] Hovi Baby We are really high, really high tonight We tip the waiter a hundred dollars  To keep the ice cold, alright? We the last guys to keep the Wise guys code alive If I can't live by my word Then I'd much rather die No no don't thank me, This is just how my suit is stitched I'm cut from a different cloth, I'm just who the shoe fits For the Color Of Money like a Tom Cruise flick 'Cept I put 8-balls in corners without using pool sticks Beautiful music when champagne flutes click Beautiful women sippin' throught rouge lips Dangers approaches We're like wait who's this? Let us save you some trouble son What size suit you is? This way after the Ruger shoots through a few clips You can lay in your casket just as you is We appreciate the target practices We'll be sure to send flower baskets kid  (Repeat Hook)  [Verse 3]I was gonna kill a couple rappers But they did it to themselves I was gon' do it with the flow But they did it with their sales I was gon' 9/11 'em, but they didn't need the help And they did a good job them boys is talented as hell Cuz not only did they brick they put a building up as well They ran a plane into that building and when that building fell Ran to the crash site with no masks and inhaled Toxins deep inside their lungs until both of them was filled Blew a cloud out like a L into a jar then took a smell Cuz they heard that second hand smoke kills Niggas thought they was ill found out they was...ILL And it's like you knew exactly how I wanted you to feel  (Hook)  [Jay-Z] We are really high, really high tonight Lucky Lefty, kiss the wife tonight for me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Blueprint 3 Song: D.O.A. (Death of Autotune) Typed by: alleniverson7@hotmail.com (Chorus) Only nigga to re-write history without a pen No ID on the track let the story begin, begin, begin [Verse 1] This is anti autotune, death of the ringtone, This ain't for iTunes, this ain't for sing alongs This is Sinatra at the opera, bring a blonde Preferably with a fat ass who can sing a song Wrong, this ain't politically correct This might offend my political connects My raps don't have melodies This should make niggas wanna go and commit felonies Get your chain tooken I may do it myself, I'm so Brooklyn I know we facing a recession But the music y'all making going make it the great depression All y'all lack aggression Put your skirt back down, grow a set man Nigga this shit violent This is death of autotune, moment of silence (Chorus) [Verse 2] This ain't a number one record This is practically assault with a deadly weapon I made it just for Flex and... ... Mister Cee, I want niggas to feel threatened Stop your bloodclot crying The kid, the dog, everybody dying, no lying You niggas' jeans too tight You colors too bright, your voice too light I might wear black for a year straight I might bring back Versace shades This ain't for z100 Ye told me to kill y'all to keep it 1 hundred This is for Hot 97 This shit's for Clue, for Khaled, for we the best in Nigga this shit violent Death of autotune, moment of silence (Chorus) [Verse 3] This shit need a verse from Jeezy I might send this to the mixtape Weezy Get somebody from BMF to talk on this Give this to a blood, let a crip walk on it Fifty thou' to style on this I just don't need nobody to smile on this You niggas singing too much Get back to rap you t-paining too much I'm a multi-millionaire So how is it I'm still the hardest here I don't be in the project hallway talking about how I be in the project all day That sound stupid to me If you a gangsta this is how you prove it to me Nigga just get violent This is death of autotune moment of silence The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Kanye West, Rihanna Album: The Blueprint 3 Song: Run This Town Typed by: thaBigchance@hotmail.com [Intro - Rihanna] Feel it comin' in the air (yeah) Hear the screams from everywhere (yeah) I'm addicted to the thrown (I'm ready) It's a dangerous love affair (wassup) Can't be scared when it goes down (c'mon) Got a problem, tell me now (wassup) Only thing that's on my mind (wassup) Is who's gonna run this town tonight... (wassup) Is who's gonna run this town tonight... (wassup) We gonna run this town [Verse 1 - Jay-Z] We are, yeah I said it, we are This is Roc Nation, pledge your allegiance Get y'all black tees on, all black everything Black cards, black cars, all black everything And our girls are blackbirds, ridin' with they dillingers I'd get more in depth, if you boys really real enough This is La Familia, I'll explain later But for now let me get back to this paper I'm a couple bands down and I'm tryin' to get back I gave Doug a grip, I lost a flip for five stacks Yeah I'm talkin' five comma six zeros dot zero Here it go... Back to runnin' circles 'round niggas Now we squared up Hold up [Chorus - Rihanna] Life's a game but it's not fair I break the rules so I don't care So I keep doin' my own thing Walkin' tall against the rain Victory's within the mile Almost there, don't give up now Only thing that's on my mind Is who's gonna run this town tonight Heeeey-hey-hey-hey-hey-heyyy Hey-heyyy-hey-hey-heyy Heeeey-hey-hey-hey-hey-heyyy (Is who's gonna run this town tonight) Hey-hey-hey-heyyy [Verse 2 - Jay-Z] We are Yeah I said it We are You can call me Cesar In a dark Czar Please follow the leader So Eric B. we are Microphone fiend It's the return of thee god Peace God... (Auh! Auh!) And ain't nobody fresher I'm in Mason (Ah!) Martin Margiela On the tape we're screamin' Fuck the other side, they jealous We got a bankhead full of broads They got a table full of fellas... (ewww) And they ain't spending no cake They should throw they hand in 'Cause they ain't got no spades... (ewww) My whole team got dough So my bankhead is lookin' like Millionaire's Row (ewww) [Chorus - Rihanna] Life's a game but it's not fair I break the rules so I don't care (wassup) So I keep doin' my own thing (uh uh) Walkin' tall against the rain (yeah) Victory's within the mile (wassup) Almost there, don't give up now Is who's gonna run this town tonight Heeeey-hey-hey-hey-hey-heyyy Hey-heyyy-hey-hey-heyy (wassup)Heeeey-hey-hey-hey-hey-heyyy (Is who's gonna run this town tonight) Hey-hey-hey-heyyy [Verse 3 - Kanye West] It's crazy how you can go from being Joe Blow To everybody on your dick, no homo I bought my whole family whips, no Volvos Next time I'm in church, please no photos Police escorts Everybody passports This the life that everybody ask for This a fast life We are on a crash course What you think I rap for To push a fucking Rav 4? But I know that if I stay stun-ting All these girls only gonna want one thing I could spend my whole life good will hun-ting Only good gon' come is as good when I'm cumm-ing She got a ass that'll swallow up a g-string And up top, unh... two bee stings And I'm beasting, off the riesling And my nigga just made it out the precinct We give a damn about the drama that you do bring I'm just tryin' to change the color on your mood ring Reebok, baby, you need to drop some new things Have you ever had shoes without shoe strings? What's that 'Ye? Baby, these heels Is that a May? What?! Baby, these wheels You trippin' when you ain't sippin, have a refill You feelin' like you runnin', huh? Now you know how we feel [Outro - Rihanna] We gonna run this town tonight! [Outro - Jay-Z] Wassup! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Alicia Keys Album: The Blueprint 3 Song: Empire State of Mind Typed by: dolladascholar@gmail.com Yea [Verse 1: Jay-Z] Yea I'm out that Brooklyn, now I'm down in TriBeCa right next to Deniro, but I'll be hood forever I'm the new Sinatra, and... since I made it here I can make it anywhere, yea, they love me everywhere I used to cop in Harlem, all of my Dominicano's right there up on Broadway, pull me back to that McDonald's Took it to my stashbox, 560 State St. catch me in the kitchen like a Simmons with them Pastry's Cruisin' down 8th St., off white Lexus drivin' so slow, but BK is from Texas Me, I'm out that Bed-Stuy, home of that boy Biggie now I live on Billboard and I brought my boys with me Say whattup to Ty-Ty, still sippin' mai tai's sittin' courtside, Knicks & Nets give me high five Nigga I be Spike'd out, I could trip a referee Tell by my attitude that I'm most defiinitely from... [Chorus: Alicia Keys] New York, concrete jungle where dreams are made of There's nothin' you can't do Now you're in Neww Yooorrrrkkk These streets will make you feel brand new Big lights will inspire you Let's hear it for New York, New York Neeeew Yooorrrkkkk [Verse 2: Jay-Z] Catch me at the X with OG at a Yankee game Shit, I made the Yankee hat more famous then a Yankee can You should know I bleed blue, but I ain't a Crip though but I got a gang of niggas walkin' with my clique though Welcome to the melting pot, corners where we sellin' rock Afrika Bambataa shit, home of the hip-hop Yellow cab, gypsy cab, dollar cab, holla back for foreigners it ain't fair they act like they forgot how to act 8 million stories, out there in the naked city is a pity, half of y'all won't make it Me I gotta plug Special Ed "I Got it Made" If Jeezy payin LeBron, I'm payin Dwayne Wade Three dice cee-lo, three card molly Labor Day Parade, rest in peace Bob Marley Statue of Liberty, long live the World Trade Long live the King yo, I'm from the Empire St. that's [Verse 3: Jay-Z] Lights is blinding, girls need blinders so they can step out of bounds quick, the sidelines is lined with casualties, who sip the life casually then gradually become worse, don't bite the apple Eve Caught up in the in-crowd, now you're in style Anna Wintour gets cold, in Vogue, wit'cha skin out City of sin, it's a pity on the whim Good girls gone bad, the city's filled with them Mami took a bus trip, now she got her bust out Everybody ride her, just like a bus route Hail Mary to the city, you're a virgin And Jesus can't save you, life starts when the church end Came here for school, graduated to the high life Ball players, rap stars, addicted to the limelight MDMA got you feelin' like a champion The city never sleeps, better slip you an Ambien [Bridge: Alicia Keys] One hand in the air for the big city Street lights, big dreams, all lookin' pretty No place in the world that could compare Put your lighters in the air Everybody say "yeaaaa, yeaaa, yeaaa, yeaaaa, I'm from" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Young Jeezy Album: The Blueprint 3 Song: Real as it Gets Typed by: ny4life33@yahoo.com [Intro: Young Jeezy] Yeah, see it's that It's that Blueprint 3 shit right here It's that TM 103 shit right here You ready? You ready Hov'? Let's go! (Hands up!) [Verse 1: Young Jeezy] Allow me to re-introduce myself At the same time re-introduce my wealth At the same time rejuvenate the game This for my "O-Dog" niggas that's used to "Caine" Not what B-dawg said, I respect the game GD's, vice lords, the crips the same And I know you're 'bout to say this off the chain Tell 'em fake trappin' ass niggas stay out my lane See I ain't dead or in jail, I can't complain And when these fake niggas gone, I shall remain And if you just tunin' in, let me explain You know I keep that 47, Uday Hussein These niggas way too far, I played the game And if you listen hard enough I say some things And when that sack got low, I shave them things And put 'em right back together, I made them things [Chorus: Young Jeezy] Now put your sacks in the air if you represent your click Money in the air if you ever hit a lick Baby hands in the air, if you know that you that bitch Say you lookin for the real, hey well this is real as it.. gets Hey! Hey! Ohh! Ohh! (x2) This is real as it.. gets Hey! Hey! Ohh! Ohh! (x2) This is real as it.. gets [Verse 2: Jay-Z] Wassup, wassup (x3) I got it Jeezy Now where the Southside at, wassup, wassup Where the West coast at, put your W's up Where my East coast niggas that hustle to live And all my niggas up north that's doin' a bid Oh yeah I'm rare, I'm aware that I'm rare I rap and I'm real, I'm one of the few here These other boys lyin', I wonder if y'all care They stories out this world, I wonder if y'all hear But don't really matter as long as they stay clear Clear of the real shit we doin' over here When my nigga get home, I'm gonna send him a Lear For all the time he been down, get him right up in the air With a couple of broads get him right up in the air Mile high club get him right up in there Send my nigga some gear like he never missed a year By the time you hear this song, he'll be standin right here Real nigga shit there! [Verse 3: Jay-Z] A hundred million to the good and I'm still talkin' yayo At a snails pace I won this race that y'all trail Uh, uh, Blueprint's for sale Followin' my footprints you can't fail Set sail, I used to duck shots but now I eat quail I'll probably never see jail Each tale contains more of the truth Of the statute allows me to go into detail Uh, close your eyes you can smell Hov's the audio equivalent of braille That's why they feel me in the favelas in Brazil And water-house 'cause real recognize real Rrraaahhh! [Young Jeezy] You know me, I don't need no introduction Call me make a lil' somethin' out of nothin' Anywhere you go, we're the topic of discussion Damn, that's gotta be disgusting Err, shit make you wanna throw up This is big boy music, it should make you wanna grow up Flows like syrup, it just make you wanna pour up And is it just me or this makes you wanna roll up A big fat one, then unpack one Then unwrap one, peel back one They use to call me Jizzle with the stamp in the middle And you can tell the color when it's damp in the middle Wassup! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Swizz Beatz Album: The Blueprint 3 Song: On to the Next One Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {"On to the next one, on to the next one" - *repeat in background*} [Intro: Swizz Beatz] + (Jay-Z) I got a million ways to get it (uh-huh, geah) ... Choose one (choose one, hey) Ay, bring it back, bring it back (uh-huh) Now double your money and make a stack I'm on to the next one, on to the next one I'm on to the next one, on to the next one I'm on to the next one, on to the next one I'm on to the next one, on to the next one (Hold up) Freeze! Ay! Somebody bring me back the money please, hey [Jay-Z] Hov' on that new shit, niggaz like "How come?" Niggaz want my old shit, buy my old album Niggaz stuck on stupid, I gotta keep it movin Niggaz make the same shit, me I make +The Blueprint+ Came in the Range, hopped out that Lexus Every year since, I been on that next shit Traded in the gold for the platinum Rolexes Now a nigga wrist match the status of my records Used to rock a throwback, ballin on the corner Now I rock a teller suit, lookin like a owner No I'm not a Jonas, Brother I'm a grown-up No I'm not a virgin, I use my cojones I move onward, the only direction Can't be scared to fail, searchin perfection Gotta keep it fresh girl, even when we sexin But don't be mad at him when he's on to the next one [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] Freeze! Ay! Somebody bring me back the money please, hey I got a million ways to get it ... Choose one Ay, bring it back, bring it back Now double your money and make a stack I'm on to the next one, on to the next one I'm on to the next one, on to the next one I'm on to the next one, on to the next one I'm on to the next one, on to the next one (Hold up) Freeze! Ay! Somebody bring me back the money please, hey [Jay-Z] Fuck a throwback jersey cause we on to the next one And fuck that Auto-Tune cause we *onnnnn* And niggaz don't be mad cause it's all about progression Loiterers should be arrested I used to drink Cristal, the muh'fucker's racist So I switched gold bottles on to that Spade shit You gon' have another drink or you just gon' baby-sit On to the next one, somebody call the waitress Baby I'm a boss, I don't know what they do I don't get dropped, I drop the label World can't hold me, too much ambition Always knew it'd be like this when I was in the kitchen Niggaz in the same spot, me I'm dodgin raindrops Meanin I'm on vaca', chillin on a big yacht Yeah I got on flip-flops, white Louie boat shoes Y'all should grow the fuck up, c'mere let me coach you Hold up [Jay-Z] Uhh, +Big Pimpin'+ in the house now Bought the land, tore the muh'fuckin house down Bought the car, tore the muh'fuckin roof off Ride clean, I don't ever take the shoes off Bought the jeep, tore the muh'fuckin doors off Foot out that bitch, ride the shit like a skateboard Navigation on, tryin to find my next thrill Feelin myself, I don't even need an X pill Can't chill but my neck will Haters really gon' be mad off my next deal Uhh, I don't know why they worry 'bout my pockets Meanwhile I had Oprah chillin in the projects Had her out in Bed-Stuy, chillin on the steps Drinkin quarter waters, I gotta be the best M.J. at Summer Jam, Obama on the text Y'all should be afraid of what I'm gon' do next Hold up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Drake, Timbaland Album: The Blueprint 3 Song: Off That Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Jay-Z] + (Timbaland) Welcome (welcome) To the (to the) future, uhh (Blue-print, 3, ay-ay, oh, hey-hey) Hey, count me in (Blue-print, 3, ay, hey, hey-hey) Find me a nice soft place to land (I got you Hov', ay ay-ay) I'm so high (yeah, hey hey, hey, hey, c'mon) Find me a place to land (Fricky-fricky uhh, ahhhhh, c'mon now, c'mon now) Yeah, right there, yeah (fricky-fricky Hov') [Jay-Z] I'm so tomorrow the Audemar says yesterday Which means you on time than late So even if I slow it dowwwwwn My sound is fast forward  hold up I'm just a runway show But I wear that so my plane need my runway clothes Hehe, Cashmere sweats They come out next year but these my last year's sweats And my hoe's so sick Your new chick can't fuck with my old bitch And you know this shit I'm professional, they know this is I just may let you borrow this This the Blueprint, nigga follow this This what what tomorrow is Welcome to tomorrow BIIIIIIIIIII.. [Chorus: Drake] + (Jay-Z) Whatever you about to discover we off that You about to tell her you love her we off that Always wanna fight in the club and we off that But you can't bring the future back, back Y'all are steady chasin the fame and we off that Oversized clothes and chains we off that Niggaz still makin it rain and we off that Cause you can't bring the future back, back Tell them haters get off me, the Cris' we off that Timb's we off that, rims we off that (Yeah we off that, is you still on that?) (And we still makin money cause we still on that) [Jay-Z] This ain't black vs. white, my nigga we off that Please tell Bill O'Reilly to fall back Tell Rush Limbaugh to get off my balls It's 2010, not 1864 Uhh, yeah we come so far So I drive around town, hard top and that's all Uhh, in my TriBeCa loft With my high brown ahh, and my high yellow broad Uhh, and my dark-skinned sis In my best white mink, say what's up to Chris Uhh, how's that for a mix? Got a black president, got green presidents "Blueprint's" in my white iPod Black diamonds in my Jess piece, my God Uhh, we ain't trippin off that This a Benetton hat, nigga been up off that, uhh [Jay-Z] Uhh, uhh, uhh I don't give a fidduck abiddout the riddate you used to move, what you used to do And I don't give a fidduck abiddout the bitches that you used to screw, what your future do And we don't really care what you used to say Unless that affects your future pay I'm on a practice field runnin Two-A-Days So I don't drop the ball when it's threw my way So I don't give a fidduck abiddout the shit that you probably did, who you probably is The only time I deal in past tense Cause I'm past rims, and I'm past tints If you drivin it, I drove it You got it, cause I sold it You copped it, I bought it back And we don't give a fidduck, nigga we off that [Outro: Timbaland] Hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ J. Cole Album: Blueprint 3 Song: A Star Is Born Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Chorus: J. Cole] (Jay-Z)  Everyday a star is born!!!!  (Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!)  Everyday a star is born!!!!  (Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!)  [Verse One: Jay-Z]  I seen Mase do it, I seen 'Ye do it  X came through, caught lighter fluid  Still I came through it, clap for 'em But I'm the blueprint, Im like the map for 'em  I dropped another classic, made Puff pass it,  Nobody could touch Puff back when Puff had it  Wayne scorchin, Ill applaud him  If he keep goin, pass the torch to him 50 came through, like hurricanes do  I thought I finished his ass at Summerjam Two  I had the Illmatic, on bootleg  The shit was so ahead, thought we was all dead  Wayne did a milli, 50 did a milli 'Ye too but what Em did was silly  The white boy blossomed after Dre endorsed him  His flow on "Renegade," fuckin awesome, applaud him  [Chorus: J. Cole] (Jay-Z)  Everyday a star is born!!!!  (Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!)  Everyday a star is born!!!!  (Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!)  [Verse Two: Jay-Z] Hey, Snoop Dogg did, Nelly came down Facemob kept the ghetto for the H-Town Luda moved digits after he moved bitches Drake's up next, see what he do wit it Rule had a run, couple movie parts T.I. literally wanted to shoot up the charts Waddup Jeezy? What it do Ya remind me of us in early '92 OutKast landed, 3 Thou' was ill Like a male version, of Lauryn Hill Mobb Deep +Shook+ it, but Prodigy took it a lil' too far, can't fuck wit Brooklyn Wu-Tang gangbanged it, Meth ate Rae took on the date with the Purp' Tape Passed on to Ason and then Ghostface They had a hell of a run, standing ova- aaaaaaaay! [Chorus: J. Cole] (Jay-Z)  Everyday a star is born!!!!  (Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!)  Everyday a star is born!!!!  (Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!)  [Verse Three: Jay-Z] And I am one, of one Can't you see just how long my run? My rain knew {?} sun-shine Been a star since I was back in one, time One time give it up for him December 4th, a star was born Clap for him, he went from movin that corner to, this corner office, so enormous Heeeeeeeey! Pres Carter Watchin her get her Monica on all day Heeeeeeeey! ...Got so many different Monicas, but only one Jay They come, they go Some real, some faux Some friends, some hoes But no I, goes nowhere, it's Hov [Chorus: J. Cole] (Jay-Z)  Everyday a star is born!!!!  (Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!)  Everyday a star is born!!!!  (Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!)  [Verse Four: J. Cole] And could I be a star?  Does fame in this game have to change who you are?  Or could I be the same one who came from a far away life Just to make it in this broadway lights  Now I'm shinin in the broad, day-light - go figure  A slow transition from a lil' broke nigga from the 'Ville  Got a deal, a real life saver  Dreams of being behind the wheel like, Jada  I chill now, cop a lil' ice later  Cole, you got a glow like a lil' Lightsaber  So, clap for him, then applaud Hov  He gave 'em a platform  Flow so sick thought he wrote the rap for him - no sir  The flow cold as a shoulder of a gold diggin hoes  When a broke nigga 'proaches  Told ya I'm focused man, I'll let you muh'fuckers soak it in Clap for him The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Beyonc Album: The Blueprint 3 Song: Venus vs. Mars Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Jay-Z] If Hov's a Blackberry Bold, then shorty is a Sidekick She used to have a man, I used to have a side chick Shorty got wind, I had to blow the chick off We got rid of him, they both took the shit hard Shorty played the piano, me I play with white keys Shorty from the South  oh, I think she like me Shorty like 'Pac; me? Big Poppa She screamin "Hit 'Em Up", I'm screamin "Who Shot Ya?" I'm on that red wine, shorty like white Same shit different toilet, we both gettin nice Me I'm from the Apple which means I'm a Mac She's a PC, she lives in my lap [Chorus: Jay-Z] + (Beyonc) Shorty get it in (but daddy go hard) Shorty get it in (da-d-daddy go hard) Shorty get it in (but daddy go hard) Shorty get it in (da-d-daddy go hard) Shorty get it in (but daddy go hard) Shorty get it in (da-d-daddy go hard) Shorty get it in (but daddy go hard) Shorty get it in, Venus vs. Mars [Jay-Z] Whether black or white, we both like Mike We both like Jordans, we both feels Nikes I finish my breakfast, shorty's out to lunch Yeah we both eatin, it's better than brunch Shorty like Pepsi, me I'm the Coke man Body like a Coke bottle, I crush it like a Coke can Started at the +window+, end up at the +wall+ The Ying to my Yang, I +skeet skeet+ off Then it's salt-n-pepper back, shorty like the front The Bonnie to my Clyde, both ridin shotgun Both covered in gold, like C-3PO James and Florida Evans  let the +Good Times+ roll (yeah) [Jay-Z] Thought shorty was the truth  found out she was a cheater We were supposed to "Takeover"  I caught her bumpin "Ether" I thought shorty like Mike, found out she like Prince Thought she was Adrian, it's been +Rocky+ ever since My dollars was down, she left me for some euros Took my whole flavor, I call her Coke Zero We were co-MVP's, like Kobe and Shaq Left me for the +Heat+, we were winnin back-to-back Said I party too much, shorty got fed up Shorty got Britney, shaved her whole head up We used to make out, kissin each other's face off Went for the Ponzi scheme - damn shorty just made off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Kid Cudi Album: The Blueprint 3 Song: Already Home Typed by: dolladascholar@gmail.com Yeezy !!! Hova !!! Let's Go Yeezy !! Hova !! [2X] Love me or leave me alone Either love me or leave me alone [Chorus: Kid Cudi] Ohhh, they want me to fall (fall) Fall from the top (top) They want me to drop (drop) They want me to stop (stop) They want me to gooo (goooo) I'm already gone (already) The shit that I'm onnn I'm already homeeee [Jay-Z] Hey, I'm already home Hey I'm already home Hey, I'm already home now one mo' gin [Verse 1: Jay-Z] These niggas want me to go Don't they know that I'm gone? They know I'm space shuttle level They need ox-y-g-g-g-gen Don't they know that they borin'? Don't they know that I yawn Only time they excitin' is when they're mentionin' Shawn You seen "Single White Female" when she dyed her hair blond? Sometimes I look at these rappers, the movie remind me of them Somebody turn these boys off Don't they know that I'm on Can't they see that it's foolish to try to kill me with songs? WTF are they Lauryn? you "Killing Me Softly" You talk me to death, only thing you could do to him I opened the door for them, what else could I do? These niggas want me to walk for them But somebody talk to them before I go off on them... [Verse 2: Jay-Z] I taught 'em 'bout fishscale, they want me to fish for them They want me to catch, clean... and cook up the dish for them All of this just for them or they got a diss for him They want me to disappear, like it's gon' shift for them They say that I'm in the way, they want me to sit for them But what they admitting is, they ain't got shit for him And really the fact is, we not in the same bracket not in the same league, don't shoot at the same baskets Don't pay the same taxes, hang with the same bitches So how am I in the way, what is it I'm missin'? Nigga I been missin', nigga I been gone The shit that you just witnessin' end, I been on And as for the critics, tell me I don't get it Everybody could tell you how to do it, they never did it Now these niggas is mad, oh, they call me a camel But I mastered the drought, what the fuck, I'm an animal Half man, half mammal My sign is a Sag, this is just what I planned to do Oh don't be maddddd [Verse 3] I'm in the Hall already, on The Wall already I'm a work of art, I'm a Warhol already On another level, on another plane already H-O-V, I got my own lane, already (already) ..I done cooked up "The Roc" already So why the fuck can't y'all get hot already? (already) Put your name in the pot already Niggas compare me with Biggie & 'Pac already (already) Like I'm gone already And I am, nigga I'm "Already Home" already (already) If y'all can't already see I ain't worried bout y'all cuz I'm already me Yea...do you already Enough with the complainin', boo-hoos already ...Eat food already Ain't nothin' given, you gotta claim your shoes already Yea So information, I don't know who you racin' I'm already at the finish line with the flag wavin' c'mon [Chorus: 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Kanye West Album: The Blueprint 3 Song: Hate Typed by: joshuajelks@yahoo.com  (Jay-Z Talking) Haters Haters, These niggas is haters And I made myself so easy to love  [Kanye Verse 1] How much they hate it? VERY Kiss girls like Katy Perry I am never sprung But I spring her....Jerry Don't try this at home Results may vary KING like T.I. But in the Chi....Larry  [Jay-Z Verse 1] Hoover....Hova  Both are American Gangsters You choose whose colder Rappers get nasty in the booth but I'm grosser I can't even stomach myself ulcer More realer cuz I'm closer Had girlies in girdles wearin' more than they 'spose to Poser....No sir My hustle? So Russell I stretch work....Yoga You know I got it down dog Al Roker I used to knock pounds off It ain't nothing for me to knock nouns off And these emcees prayin' for my down fall They just haters, I wave at you I'm so player I never be done, Im so RA-RE  [Kayne West Verse 2] We killin the game it's not FAI-R You motherfuckers stay right THE-RE Cuz we too high up in the AI-R We blastin' off just like a Laser Nigga pyoom-pyoom-pyoom! Gimme back Gimme room-room-room DB-9 like vroom-vroom-vroom Young Hov what we doin-doin-doin?  [Jay-Z Verse 2] We ballin'....bitches Eatin' y'all food leavin' dishes Why these niggas always talkin' Lear talk 'Ye? Why I never see 'em at the clear port 'Ye? Why I always hear they at the airport? While I fly daily like I'm in the Air Force Therefore...please stop my ears off With millionaire talk you haters Mad at me cuz your paper Need to get its muthafuckin' weight up Hold up wait up....I ain't done Name one thing that I ain't done It hurts when you say that I ain't the one You haters....How do I gain your FA-VOR I need to know cuz I CA-RE I need you to love me I swear look hey-er See 'Ye is runnin' the Chi like Gale Sayers I'm running New York I got the MA-YOR On my PA-GER Ya can't fade us You hate us, I need you stay the-re I breathe you like AI-R....Yay-er Yeah, yeah, yeah Yayer Yeah, yeah, yeah Yayer Where are my haters? I love all my haters  Love all my haters, I love all my haters Where all my haters? Hater....Yayer The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ K. Briscoe Album: The Blueprint 3 Song: Reminder Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Jay-Z] All rhymers with Alzheimer's line up please All mamis with mind freeze please line up please All bloggers with comments please, I come in peace Let's see if we can kill your amnesia by the time I leave All mamis I hugged before'll vouch for me Tell 'em 'bout the time on your momma's couch mami All hustlers who ever, bought a eighth from me Take this time out, to set the record straight for me 'Member me? Silver bullet, hard top, mentally They think I'm out of shape so I have to jog they memory Think with indelible ink, I let the pen go Verses permanently tattooed serve as momentos Uhh, I'm so mental My track record speaks for itself, I'm so instrumental Allow me to rekindle, let's all "Reminisce" like Mary did I think I have to send you a reminder, here it is [Chorus: K. Briscoe] + (Jay-Z) Reminder (uhh) reminder (uhh) I got it if you needed a reminder (uhh) Reminder (uhh) reminder (uhh) I think I better give you a reminder (uhh) Reminder (uhh) reminder (uhh) I got it if you needed a reminder (uhh) Reminder (uhh) reminder (uhh) Cause I can give you a friendly reminder (uhh) [Jay-Z] What the hell have y'all done ... to even have an opinion on what I've been doin What the hell have y'all won? ... Only thing you can identify with is losing Ten #1 albums in a row, who better than me? Only The Beatles, nobody ahead of me I crush Elvis and his +Blue Suede Shoes+ Made the Rolling Stones seem sweet as Kool-Aid too '96, '97, '98, '99 2000, 2001 and beyond Oh-two, oh-three, oh-four, oh-five Oh-six and seven, oh-eight, oh-nine Back-to-back, double plat', I did what you won't Men lie, women lie, numbers don't Ain't nothin changed for, me 'cept the year it is I think I have to send you a reminder, here it is [Jay-Z] Do what I've done without cryin in the environment and what y'all did it in without dyin my nigga Then rap like I rap without lyin then tie 'em both together like I am my nigga Then write sixteens in between runnin sixteen bid'nesses All the while showin these young punks what the bid'ness is As if, I'ma let you niggaz style on me As if, now everybody's senile on me Throwbacks, I threw 'em back, remember those, button-ups? Young Hov', tell them ordinary Joes +Budden+ up I destroy your 4-point-ohs And Benz 500's at all points that OWE! Now you niggaz 'member me, tell me how could you forget Back of Johnny's album cover, red and blue Gucci shit Ain't nothin changed but the year it is I think I have to send you a reminder, here it is The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Pharrell Album: The Blueprint 3 Song: So Ambitious Typed by: skittle9023@yahoo.com [Pharrell] Yeah 3 in the morning on the Westside highway, top down baby, fuck y'all The motivation for me was them telling me what I couldn't be, oh well [Jay-Z] This a special dedication i wanna thank you for the fuel no really thank you [Verse 1 - Jay-Z] I felt so inspired by what my teacher said said I'd either be dead or be a reefer head now sure if thats how adults should speak to kids especially when the only thing I did was speak in class I'll teach his ass even betters what my uncle did I pop my demo tape in start to beat my head peaked out my eye, see if he was beating his he might as well say beat it kid, he's on the list its like I'm searching for kicks like a sneaker head he gon keep pushing me until I reach the ledge and when I reach the ledge I'll tell em all to eat a dick take a leap of faith and let my eagle wings spread spread spread [Chorus - Pharrell] Motivation for me was them telling me what I could not be, oh well I'm so ambitious I might hit two sisters hey I'm on a mission no matter what the conditions Forget the personal issues when you been what I been through hey if you believe it then you could conceive it [Verse 2 - Jay-Z] I had to lace up my boots even harder Father is too far away to father Further-more all the kids either smoke reefer or either move white, there's few writers in my cypher So they made light of, my type of dreams seem dumb, they said wise up How many guys-a, you see makin it from here The world don't like us, is that not clear? Alright but I'm different, I can't base what I'm gon' be offa what everybody isn't, they don't listen Just whisperin behind my back No vision, lack of ambition, so whack! [Verse 3 - Jay-Z] Had a couple of meetings no office yet maybe I ain't good enough for these offices back to the drawing board ducking officers it's all good cause the streets is A&R'ing this so with or without any of your involvement coming for all of this, respect my conglomerate I went from pauper to the President every deal I made said President niggas thought I'd fall without old buddy oh buddy, what I do is make more money Dear Teacher, your probably somewhere near a speaker I'm balling outta control, can you hear my sneakers fuck y'all [Outro] You see, the motivation for me was them telling me what I could not be The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Mr. Hudson Album: The Blueprint 3 Song: Young Forever Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Mr. Hudson] Let's dance in style, let's dance for a while Heaven can wait, we're only watchin the skies Hopin for the best but expecting the worst Are you gonna drop the bomb or not? Let us die young, or let us live forever We don't have the power but we never say never Sitting in a sand pit, life is a short trip The music's full of sad men [Chorus: Mr. Hudson] Forever young; I wanna be, forever young Do you really want to live forever, forever, and ever? Forever young; I wanna be, forever young (forever young) Do you really want to live forever, forever, forever young? [Jay-Z  over Chorus] Uhh, Young! Ay may the best of your todays Be the worst of your tomorrows But we ain't even thinkin that far Knahmean? [Jay-Z] So we livin like a video (video) Where the sun is always out and you never get old And the champagne's always cold, and the music's always good And the pretty girls just happen to stop by in the hood And they hop they pretty ass up on the hood of that pretty-ass car Without a wrinkle in today, cause, there's no tomorrow Just a picture perfect day that last a whole lifetime And it never ends cause all we have to do is hit rewind So let's just stay in the moment, smoke some weed, drink some wine Reminisce, talk some shit, forever young is in your mind Leave a mark they can't erase, neither space nor time So when the director yells cut, I'll be fine I'm, forever young [Jay-Z] Fear not when or fear not why, fear not much while we're alive Life is for livin not livin uptight, 'til you somewhere up in the sky Fear not die, I'll be alive for a million years, bye-bye So now for legends I'm forever young, my name shall survive Through the darkest blocks over kitchen stoves over Pyrex pots My name shall be passed down to generations while debatin up in barbershops Young slung, hung here, show that the nigga from here With a little ambition just, what, we can become here (yeah) And as the father passed the story down to his son's ears Younger get, younger every year, yeah So if you love me baby this is how you let me know Don't ever let me go, that's how you let me know, ba-by [Jay-Z] Just let it run.. Slammin Bentley doors, hoppin out of Porsches Poppin up on Forbes list, gorgeous  hold up Niggaz thought I lost it, they be talkin bullshit I'll be talkin more shit, they nauseous  hold up I'll be here forever, you know I'm on my fall shit And I ain't with foreclosure, I will never forfeit Less than four bars, Guru bring the chorus in Did you get the picture yet? I'm paintin you a portrait of Young [Chorus]  latter half The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & Kanye West f/ Frank Ocean, The-Dream Album: Watch the Throne Song: No Church in the Wild Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Frank Ocean] Human being to the mob What's a mob to a king? What's a king to a god? What's a god to a non-believer, who don't believe in, anything? Will he make it out alive? Alright alright, no church in the wild [Jay-Z] Tears on the mausoleum floor Blood stains the coliseum doors Lies on the lips of a priest Thanksgiving disguised as a feast Rollin in the Rolls-Royce Corniche Only the doctors got this, I'm hidin from police ... Cocaine seats All white like I got the whole thing bleached ... Drug dealer chic I'm wonderin if a thug's prayers reach Is Pious pious cause God loves pious? Socrates asked whose bias do y'all seek All for Plato, screech I'm out chere ballin, I know y'all hear my sneaks Jesus was a carpenter, Yeezy laid beats Hova flow the Holy Ghost, get the hell up out your seats Preach [The-Dream] I live by you... desire I stand by you... walk through the fire Your loooooooooooove, is my scripture Let me innnnnnnnnnnnn, through your encryption Yeah~! Yeahhhhhh [Kanye West] Coke on her black skin made it stripe like a zebra I call that jungle fever You will not control the threesome Just roll the weed up until I get me some We formed a new religion No sins as long as there's permission And deception is the only felony So never fuck nobody without tellin me ... Sunglasses and Advil ... Last night was mad real ... Sun comin up 5 AM I wonder if they got cabs still Thinkin 'bout the girl in all leopard Who was rubbin the wood like Kiki Shepard Two tattoos, one read "No Apologies" The other said "Love Is Cursed By Monogamy" That's somethin that the pastor don't preach It's somethin that a teacher can't teach When we die, the money we can't keep But we probably spend it all cause the pain ain't cheap Preach [Frank Ocean] No church in the wild {*3X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & Kanye West f/ Beyonc Album: Watch the Throne Song: Lift Off Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] "All engine running..." [Chorus: Beyonc] And we gon' take it to the moon, take it to the starrrrrs How many people you know can take it this farrrrr? I'm super-charrrrrged I'm 'bout to take this whole thing to Marrrrrs Now we gon' take it to the moon, take it to the starrrrrs You don't know what we been through to make it this farrrrr So many scarrrrrs I'm 'bout to take this whole thing to Marrrrrs [Kanye West] Lift off.. lift off, takin my coat off Showin my tattoos, I'm such a show-off Huh? I feel the pain and then rolled off I got the whole city, they about to go off How many niggaz with me up in this biatch? How many people wanna roll on me now? Like you know, na-na-na, you know me by now Know me, know me by now [Kanye West] Lift off, off, AH! Like you know, na-na-na, you know me by now Know me, know me by now You know, know me by now Know me, know me, by now [Jay-Z] Lift off Rappers hear "Watch the Throne" they gon' be pissed off Earth is boring to 'em, shit is makin my dick soft When you Earnhardt as me eventually you hit a big wall Five-four, three-two, we need fuel, lift off [Interlude] "20 seconds and counting. T minus 15 seconds, guidance is internal.  12, 11, 10, 9, ignition sequence start.  6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 0. All engine running.  Lift off! We have a lift off!" {*echoes*} [Outro: Beyonc] And we gon', and we gon', and we gon', and we gon' And we gon' take it to the moon And we gon', and we gon' And we gon' take it to the moon, take it to the starrrrrs And we gon' take it to the moon... take it to the starrrrrs How many people you know can take it this far? Take it to the starrrrrs How many people you know can take it this far? Now we gon', now we gon', now we gon', now we gon' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & Kanye West Album: Watch the Throne Song: Niggas in Paris Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: sample from "Blades of Glory"] "We're gonna skate to one song, one song only" [Jay-Z] {*slowed*} Ball so hard muh'fuckers wanna fine me So I ball so hard muh'fuckers wanna fine me, but first niggaz gotta find me What's 50 grand to a muh'fucker like me? Can you please remind me? Ball so hard - this shit crazy, y'all don't know that don't shit phase me The Nets could go, 0 for 82 and I look at you like "This shit gravy" Ball so hard - this shit weird, we ain't even 'posed to be here Ball so hard - since we here, it's only right that we be fair Psycho, I'm liable to go Michael, take your pick Jackson, Tyson, Jordan, Game 6 Ball so hard - got a broke clock, Roleys that don't tick-tock Audemars that's losin time, hidden behind all these big rocks B-Ball so hard - I'm shocked too, I'm supposed to be locked up too You escaped what I escaped, you'd be in Paris gettin fucked up too B-Ball so hard - let's get faded, Le Meurice for like six days Gold bottles, scold models, spillin Ace on my sick J's B-Ball so hard - bitch behave, just might let you meet 'Ye Chi-Town's, D. Rose; I'm movin the Nets, to B.K. [Jay-Z] Ball so hard muh'fuckers wanna fine me [Kanye] That shit cra'y, that shit cra'y, that shit cra'y [Jay-Z] B-Ball so hard muh'fuckers wanna fine me [Kanye] That shit cra'y, that shit cra'y, that shit cra'y [Kanye West] + (Jay-Z) She said, "'Ye, can we get married at the mall?" I said, "Look, you need to crawl 'fore you ball" Come and meet me in the bathroom stall And show me why you deserve to have it all (Ball so hard) That's shit cra'y {that shit cra'y} ain't it Jay? (Ball-ball so hard) What she order? {What she order?} Fish filet (Ball-ball so hard) Yo' whip's so cold {whip's so cold} this old thang (Ball so hard) Act like you'll ever be around motherfuckers like this again Bougie girl, grab my hand, fuck that bitch she don't wanna dance Excuse my French but I'm in France, hehe, I'm just sayin Prince William's ain't do it right, if you ask me Cause I was him I woulda - married Kate and Ashley What's Gucci my nigga? What's Louie my killa? What's drugs my dealer? What's that jacket, Margiela? Doctors say I'm the illest, cause I'm sufferin from realness Got my niggaz in Paris, and they goin gorillas Huh~! [Interlude: sample from "Blades of Glory"] "I don't even know what that means!"  "No one knows what it means, but it's provocative." "No it's not, it's gross!"  "It gets the people GOING." [Jay-Z] Ball so hard muh'fuckers wanna fine me... B-Ball so hard muh'fuckers wanna fine me... [Kanye West] + (Jay-Z) You are now watchin the throne Don't let me get in my zone {*3X*} These other niggaz is lyin Actin like the summer ain't mine (I got that hot bitch in my home) You know how many hot bitches I own? Don't let me get in my zone {*4X*} The stars is in the building They hands is to the ceiling I know I'm 'bout to kill it How you know? I got that feelin You are now watchin the throne Don't let me into my zone {*2X*} [Jay-Z + Kanye] I'm definitely in my zone {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & Kanye West f/ Otis Redding Album: Watch the Throne Song: Otis Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Otis Redding] It makes it easier, easier to bear, yeah You won't regret it, no no No, girls they don't forget it LOVE is their home, happiness, yeah Squee... squee... squee... squeeze her Don't tease her, never leave her [Jay-Z] Sounds so soulful, don't you agree? OWW! Uhh I invented swag Poppin bottles, puttin supermodels in the cab Proof... I guess I got my swagger back, truth New watch alert, Hublot's Or the big face Roley, I got two of those Arm out the window through the city, I maneuver slow Cock back, snap back, see my cut through the holes; go [Kanye West] "Damn Yeezy and Hov', where the hell you been?" Niggaz talkin real reckless, stuntmen I adopted these niggaz, Phillip Drummond 'em Now I'm 'bout to make 'em tuck they whole summer in They say I'm crazy, well I'm 'bout to go dumb again They ain't see me cause I pulled up in my other Benz Last week I was in my other other Benz Throw your diamonds up cause we in this bitch another 'gain [Jay-Z] Yeah, photo shoot fresh, lookin like wealth I'm 'bout to call the paparazzi on myself Uh, live from the Mercer Run up on Yeezy the wrong way I might murk ya Flee in the G-450 I might surface Political refugee asylum can be purchased Uh, everything's for sale I got five passports, I'm never goin to jail [Kanye West] I made "Jesus Walks" I'm never goin to hell Couture level flow, it's never goin on sale Luxury rap, the Hermes of verses Sophisticated ignorance, write my curses in cursive I get it custom, you a customer You ain't 'custommed to goin through customs, you ain't been nowhere, huh? And all the ladies in the house got 'em showin off I'm done, I'll hit you up maa-naaaaaaaaaa! [Jay-Z] Welcome to Havana Smokin Cubanas with Castro in cabanas Viva Mxico, Cubano Dominicano, all the plugs that I know Drivin Benzes, with no benefits Not bad, huh? For some immigrants Build your fences, we diggin tunnels Can't you see we gettin money up under you? [Kanye West] + (Jay-Z) Can't you see the private jets flyin over you? Maybach bumper sticker read "What would Hova do?" Jay is chillin (uhh) 'Ye is chillin (uhh) What more can I say? (What more can I say?) We killin 'em Hold up, before we end this campaign As you can see we done bodied the damn lanes Lord, please let them accept the things they can't change And pray that all of their pain be champagne [Otis Redding] AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! Scream it! {*3X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & Kanye West Album: Watch the Throne Song: Gotta Have It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Kanye West] Turn my headphones up... louder Eh-heh, eh-heh [Chorus: samples] {"What you need, what-what you need"} {"I got what you need, what-what you need"} {"What you need, what-what you need"} {"I got what you need, what-what you need"} [Kanye West] Uhh... LOLOLO hello white America, assassinate my character Money matrimony, yeah, they tryin to break the marriage up Who gon' act phonier? Who gon' try to embarrass ya? I'ma need a day off, I think I'll call Ferris up [Jay-Z] Bueller had a Mueller, but I switched it for a Miele Cause I'm +Richard+, and +Pryor+ to this shit was movin freebase [Kanye West] + (Jay-Z) Had a conference with the DJs (Yeah), Puerto Rico three days (Parlay with them GD's, now they got our shit on replay) Sorry I'm in pajamas, but I just got off the PJ And last party we had, they shut down Prive (Ain't that where the Heat play?) Yep (Niggaz hate ballers these days) Yep Ain't that like LeBron James? (Ain't that just like D-Wade? Wait) [Jay-Z] + (Kanye West) Whassup? Whassup? Whassup? Whassup? Whassup muh'fucker, where my money at? ("What you need") You gon' make me come down to your house where yo' mummy at Mummy wrap the kids, have 'em cryin for they mummy back Dummy that your daddy is, tell 'em I just want my racks (Racks on racks on racks) Racks (Maybachs on bachs on bachs on bachs on bachs) Who in that? (Oh shit, it's just blacks on blacks on blacks) (Hundred stack) How you get it? (Nigga, layin raps on tracks) I wish I could give you this feelin, I'm plankin on a million I'm riding through yo' hood, you can bank I ain't got no ceiling (Made a left on Nostrand Ave) Right (We in Bed-Stuy) Made a right on 79th, I'm coming down South Shore Drive (I remain Chi-Town) Brooklyn 'til I die {"Take 'em on home..."} [Chorus] overlaid with {"Take 'em on home..."} {"Tryin to hurt my name huh?"} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & Kanye West Album: Watch the Throne Song: New Day Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Kanye West] + (AutoTuned vocals) Yeah, uh (sun in the sky, you know how I feel) Me and the RZA connect (breeze driftin on by) Yeah, me and the RZA connect (breeze driftin on by) Uhh... (it's a new life for me) (For me, for me... oooh, oooh) Uh (And I'm feelin good) Yeah, uhh [Kanye West] And I'll never let my son have an ego He'll be nice to everyone wherever we go I mean, I might even make him be Republican So everybody know he love white people And I'll never let him leave his college girlfriend And get caught up with the groupies in the whirlwind And I'll never let him ever hit the telethon I mean even if people dyin and the world ends See, I just want him to have an easy life, not like Yeezy life Just want him to be someone people like Don't want him to be hated all the time judged Don't be like your daddy that'd never budge And I'll never let him ever hit the strip club I learned the hard way, that ain't the place to get love And I'll never let his mom move to L.A. Knowin' she couldn't take the pressure, now we all pray [Chorus: AutoTuned vocals] + (Jay-Z) Sun in the sky, you know how I feel Breeze driftin on by Breeze driftin on by It's a new life for me (Me and the RZA connect) For me, for me (Me and the RZA connect) Oooh, oooh And I'm feelin good (Yeah) [Jay-Z] Sorry junior, I already ruined ya Cause you ain't even alive, paparazzi pursuin ya Sins of a father make yo' life, ten times harder I just wanna take you to a barber Bondin on charters, all the shit that I never did Teach ya good values, so you cherish it Took me twenty-six years to find my path My only job is cuttin the time in half So at thirteen we'll have our first drink together Black bar mitzvahs, mazel tov, mogul talk Look a man dead in his eyes So he know you talk truth when you speak it, give your word, keep it And if the day comes I only see him on the weekend I just pray we was in love on the night that we conceived him Promise to never leave him even if his mama tweakin Cause my dad left me and I promise never repeat him Never repeat him, never repeat him [Chorus: AutoTuned] Sun in the sky, you know how I feel) Breeze driftin on by Breeze driftin on by It's a new life for me For me, for me Oooh, oooh And I'm feelin good [Outro: no longer AutoTuned] Sun in the sky, you know how I feel Breeze driftin on by, you know how I feel Breeze driftin on by, you know how I feel It's a new life for me It's a new dawn, it's a new day It's a new life for me Oooh, oooh And I'm feelin Birds flyin high, you know how I feel The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & Kanye West f/ Elly Jackson Album: Watch the Throne Song: That's My Bitch Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Kanye West] Uhh Hello, can I speak to uhh, uh Yeah you know who you are, look You have no idea what you dealin with Someone on some of this realest shit Pop champagne, I'll give you a sip 'Bout to go dumb, how come? Yeah that's my bitch That's my bitch Sh-shorty right there, that's my bitch That's my bitch [Chorus: Elly Jackson] I've been waitin for a long long time Just to get up and throw my hands up high and live my life, and live my life Just to get up and throw my hands up high [Kanye West] Yeah... I paid for them titties, get your own It ain't safe in the city, watch the throne You say I care more about them Basquions Basquiats, she learnin a new word, it's yacht Blew the world up as soon as I hit the club with her Too $hort called, told me "I fell in love with her" Seen by actors, ball players and drug dealers and some lesbians that never loved niggaz +Twisted Love Story+, true romance Mary Magdalene, from a pole dance I'm a freak huh? Rock star life The second girl with us, that's our wife Hey boys and girls, I got a new riddle Who's the new old perv that's tryin to play second fiddle? No disrespect, I'm not tryin to be-little But my dick worth money I put "Monie in the Middle" (Where she at? In the middle) [Chorus] + "high, high, high" [Interlude] Sweatin to the licks and mixes 'til mornin I'm yearnin, oh yeahhhh Could I get a little dab of your potion Slow motion, oh yeahhhh [Jay-Z] Go harder than a nigga for a nigga, go figure Told me keep my own money if we ever did split up How could someone so gangsta be so pretty in pictures Ripped jeans and a blazer and some Louboutin slippers Picasso was alive he woulda made her That's right nigga, Mona Lisa can't fade her I mean Marilyn Monroe, she's quite nice But why all the pretty icons always all white? Put some colored girls in the MOMA Half these broads ain't got nuttin on Lavonia Don't make me bring Thelma in it Bring Halle, bring Penelope and Selma in it Uhh~! Back to my Beyonces You deserve three stacks, word to Andre Call Larry Gagosian, you belong in mu-seums You belong in vintage clothes crushin the whole building You belong with niggaz who used to be known for dope dealin You too dope, for any of those civilians Now shoo children, stop lookin at her tits Get your own dog, ya heard? That's my bitch [Chorus] + "high high high" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & Kanye West f/ Swizz Beatz Album: Watch the Throne Song: Welcome to the Jungle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Swizz Beatz] Right... OH! OH~! Right? One two one two, ey Welcome to the jungle Welcome to the jungle well, yeah Welcome to the jungle Welcome to the jungle well [Kanye West] I asked her where she wanna be when she twenty-five She turned around and looked at me and she said "Alive" [Swizz Beatz] Welcome to the jungle, welcome to the jungle well [Jay-Z] Black Axl Rose, move halfs and wholes Come down to the jungle, just ask for Hov Move blocks and squares, move apples and pears Work pots and pans, must to cop me some Airs My uncle died, my daddy did too Paralyzed by the pain, I can barely move My nephew gone, my heart is torn Sometimes I look to the sky, ask why I was born My faith in God, every day is hard Every night is worse, that's why I pray so hard [Kanye West] Why I pray so hard, this is crazy God Just when I thought I had everything I lost it all So que sera, get a case of Ciroc Let it chase the pain, 'fore it goes too far [Jay-Z] My dreams is big, reality set in Let off a clip from a automatic weapon Through shots in the door, it died in Vegas Though it fought so hard, I knew it wouldn't make it I'm a tortured soul, I live in disguise Rest in peace to the leader of the Jackson 5 I died in my sleep, I'm still "Big Pimpin" I ball at the mall, beginning of the endin Where the fuck is the sun? It's been a while Momma look at your son, what happened to my smile? My tears is tatted, my rag in my pocket I'm just lookin for love, I know somebody got it Champagne for the pain, weed for the low God damn I'm so high, where the fuck did I go? I'm losing myself, I'm stuck in the moment I look in the mirror, my only opponent Where the fuck is the press? Where the fuck is the Pres? Either they know or don't care I'm fuckin depressed No crying in public, just lyin to judges Riskin my life I'm already dyin so fuck it well [Swizz Beatz] Welcome to the jungle, welcome to the jungle well God dammit~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & Kanye West Album: Watch the Throne Song: Who Gon Stop Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Kanye West] + (Jay-Z) This is somethin like the Holocaust Millions of our people lost Bow our heads and pray to the Lord 'Til I die I'ma fuckin ball Now who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me huh? Who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me huh? (Black cards, black cars, black on black, black broads) (Whole lot of money in a black bag) (Black strap, you know what that's FOR) [Jay-Z] + (Kanye) or {both} (Who gon' stop me huh?) {Who gon' stop me huh?} Yeah, who gon' stop me? No brakes, I need, State Farm So many watches I need eight arms One neck but got eight charms {who gon' stop me huh?} [Kanye West] Niggaz talkin, they bitch made Ix-nay off my dicks-nay That's pig latin, itch-bay Who gon' stop me huh? Last night ain't go so well Got kicked up out the hotel Got a little freaky like Marvin Albert Yes! Tell Howard Cosell You just a commentator If you gettin paper Everybody I know from the hood got common haters In some relations, you just 'sposed to say none Heard she fucked the doorman Well that's cool I fucked the waitress Heard Yeezy was racist Well, I guess that's on one basis... I only like green faces [Kanye West] Y'all weed purple, my money purple Y'all Steve Urkel, I'm Oprah circle I wrote the verse, that I hope will hurt you [Jay-Z] Yeah, yeah, let's go! Who gon' stop me huh? Beat the odds, best the Feds It wouldn't be wise to bet against the kid Start me broke, I bet I get rich Night shift, six to six Gimme one shot, one pot I'll show up in all white wearin no socks No ceiling, new Coupe They know I'm a dope boy they don't have no proof I'm three steps removed, I know how to move It's lookin like I don't know how to lose I'm winnin again, I'm at the Wynn I'm at the table, I'm gambling Lucky lefty, I expect a 7 I went through hell I'm expectin heaven I'm owed, some dough And I stuck to the G Code I'm here, oh yeah I promise I ain't goin nowhere Okay here, like a hare Like a rabbit, I like karats/carrots I'm allergic to havin bunny ears Like broke, like nope Like ha~! I ain't no joke I can't be stopped, like nope Like nope... extend the beat more Uhh, two seats in the 911 Uhh, no limit on the black card Uhh, told y'all I was gon' go H.A.M. Uhh, 'til the ocean was my backyard Uhh, no lies in my verses Hey, please pardon all the curses Hey, shit gotta come out some way Fuck, when you growin up worthless Uhh, middle finger to my old life Uhh, special shout out to my old head Uhh, if it wasn't for yo' advice Uhh, a nigga would have been so dead Uhh, I'm livin life 'til these niggaz kill me Turn this up if you niggaz feel me I'm riding dirty tryin to get filthy Pabalo Picasso, Rothkos, Rilkes Graduated to the MOMA And I did all of this without a diploma Graduated from the corner Y'all can play me for a muh'fuckin fool if you wanna Street smart and I'm book smart Could have been a chemist cause I cook smart Only thing that can stop me is me And I'ma stop when the hook start Hold up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & Kanye West Album: Watch the Throne Song: Murder to Excellence Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Jay-Z] Uhh, bloody murder Bloody murder, bloody murder Murder murder murder Bloody murder, murder murder murder Bloody murder, murder murder [Kanye West] The paper read murder, black on black murder The paper read murder, black on black murder [Jay-Z] Uhh, this is to the memory of Danroy Henry There was too much enemy fire to catch a friendly Strays from the same shade, nigga we on the same team Giving you respect, I expect the same thing All black e'rything, nigga you know my fresh code I'm out here fightin for you, don't increase my stress load Niggaz watchin the throne, very happy to be Power to the people, when you see me, see you [Kanye West] And I'm from the murder capital, where they murder for capital Heard about at least three killings this afternoon Lookin at the news like damn I was just with him after school No shop class but half the school got a tool And a "I could die any day" type attitude Plus his little brother got shot reppin his avenue It's time for us to stop and re-define black power Forty-one souls, murdered in fifty hours The paper read murder, black on black murder The paper read murder, black on black murder again Murder again [Kanye West] Is it genocide? Cause I can still hear his momma cries Know the family traumatized Shots left holes in his face, about piranha-sized The old pastor closed the cold casket And said the church ain't got enough room for all the tombs It's a war goin on outside we ain't safe from I feel the pain in my city wherever I go Three-hundred-fourteen soldiers died in Iraq Five-hundred-nine died in Chicago [Jay-Z] I arrived on the day Fred Hampton died Uhh, real niggaz just multiply On December 21 I was supposed to die So I'm out here celebratin my post-demise If you put crabs in a barrel to insure your survival You gon end up pullin down niggaz that look just like you What up Blood? Uhh, what up Cuz? Uhh it's all black, uhh, I love us [Kanye West] The paper read murder Black on black murder again Black on black murder again Black on black murder again [Jay-Z] It's a celebration of black excellence Black tie, black Maybachs, uhh, yeah Uhh black excellence, opulence, decadence Tuxes next to the President, I'm present I dress... in Dries and other boutique stores in Paris In sheepskin coats, I silence the lamb Do you know who I am, Clarice? No cheap cologne whenever I "shhsh-shhsh" Success never smelled so sweet I stink of success, the new black elite They say my black card bear the mark of the beast I repeat, my religion is the beat My verse is like church, my Jesus piece Now please, domino, domino Only spot a few blacks the higher I go What's up to Will? Shoutout to O That ain't enough, we gon' need a million mo' +Kick in the Door+, Biggie flow I'm all dressed up with nowhere to go [Kanye West] Yeah it's all messed up when it's nowhere to go So we won't take the time out 'til we reach the T-O-P From paroles to whole G's, sold ki's, low keys We like the promised land of the OG's In the past if you picture events, like a black tie What the last thing you expect to see? Black guys What's the life expectancy for black guys? The system's workin effectively, that's why~! I'll be a real man, and take care of your son Every problem you had before this day is now done New crib, watch a movie Cause ain't nothin on the news but the blues Hit the mall, pick up some Gucci Now ain't nothin new but your shoes Sunday morning, praise the Lord You the girl that Jesus had been savin me for So let's savor this moment and take it to the floor Black excellence, truly yours The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & Kanye West f/ Frank Ocean Album: Watch the Throne Song: Made in America Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Frank Ocean] It'll bring you out the, out the darkness [Chorus: Frank Ocean] Sweet King Martin, sweet Queen Coretta Sweet Brother Malcolm, sweet Queen Betty Sweet Mother Mary, sweet Father Joseph Sweet Jesus, we made it in America [Interlude: Frank Ocean] Sweet Baby Jesus, oooooh-ooh-ooh-ooooh Oh sweet Baby Jesus, we made it America Sweet Baby Jesus, oooooh Oh sweet Baby Jesus, we made it America Ahh, yes we did [Kanye West] I told my momma I was on the come up She said, "You goin to school, I'll give you a summer" Then she met No I.D. and gave me his number Ten years later she drivin a Hummer Niggaz hustle every day for a beat from 'Ye What I do? Turn around give them beats to Jay And I'm rappin on the beats they was s'posed to buy I guess I'm gettin high on my own supply Downtown mixin fabrics tryin to find the magic Started a little blog just to get some traffic Old folks'll tell you not to play in traffic Uh, a million hits and the web crashes Damn, South Park had 'em all laughin Now all my niggaz designin and we all swaggin Uh, ignore the critics just to say we did it This ain't no fashion show, motherfucker we live it [Chorus] + [Interlude] [Jay-Z] I pledge allegiance, uh, to my grandma for that banana pudding, our piece of Americana Uh, our apple pie was supplied through Arm & Hammer Uh, straight out the kitchen, shh, don't wake Nana Uh, built a republic, uh, that still stands I'm tryna lead a nation to leave to my little mans Uh, or my daughter, so I'm boilin this water The scales was lopsided, I'm just restorin order Hold up, here comes Grandma, uh, what's up YaYa? Uh, what's that smell? Oh I'm just boilin some agua Uh, no papa, uh, bad Santa Uh, the streets raised me, pardon my bad manners Uh, I got my liberty, uh, choppin grams up Uh, street justice, I pray God understand us Uh, I pledge allegiance, uh, to all the scramblers Uh.. this is the Star Spangled Banner ... [Interlude] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & Kanye West f/ Mr. Hudson Album: Watch the Throne Song: Why I Love You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus 4X: Mr. Hudson] Ooohh! I love you so But why I love you, I'll never know [Jay-Z] Picture if you will that the throne was burnin, Rome was burnin And I'm sittin in the corner all alone burnin Why does it always end up like this? Something that we don't determine Same people that I fought for That I fight for, that I ride for That I live for, that I die for be the reason that these niggaz is alive for; and they want me dead But I'm so sorry but I just can't die for you But I can make 'em put their hands in the sky for you We waiting for the fireworks like July 4th Get fly more, get high more, cry boy, why for? When the grief is over, beef is over I'll be fly when Easter's over I tried to teach niggaz how to be kings And all they ever wanted to be was soldiers So the love is gone, 'til blood is drawn So we no longer wear the same uniform Fuck you squares, the circle got smaller The castle got bigger, the walls got taller And truth be told after all that said Niggaz still got love for you [Jay-Z] + (Kanye West) Showed love to you niggaz You ripped out my heart and you stepped on it I picked up the pieces 'fore you swept on it God damn this shit leaves a mess don't it? Shit feelin like death don't it Charge it to the game, whatever's left on it I spent about a minute, maybe less on it Fly pelican fly, turn the jets on it But first I shall digress on it Wasn't I a good king? (Maybe too much of a good thing, huh?) Didn't I spoil you? Me or the money, what you loyal to? (Huh, I gave you my loyalty) Made you royalty, and royalties (Took care of these niggaz lawyer fees) And this is how niggaz rewarded me (damn!) [Jay-Z] + (Kanye West) & {Both} Bustin at me, b-b-b-bustin at me But I'm bulletproof, bitch you can't get nothin past me Got body armor (a nigga gotta watch the throne) And I'm bustin back, so niggaz in the glass house should not throw stones What do you do when the love turns tp hate? (Gotta separate from these fuckin fakes) Caesar didn't see it so he ceased to exist So the nigga that killed him had keys to his shit Am I my brother's keeper? (Only if that nigga don't creep up) Got a pistol under my pillow (I've never been a deep sleeper) P-p-p-paranoia (cause the nigga that said he'll) Blast for ya (is now) blastin for ya That's an assassin for ya (These niggaz got a shot they'll shoot) Please lord (forgive him) For these niggaz (not know) what they (do) {OOH~!} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & Kanye West f/ Kid Cudi Album: Watch the Throne Song: Illest Motherfucker Alive Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*starts at the 3:00 mark with an instrumental interlude after a 3-minute silence*} [Intro: Kanye] Oh man, uh-oh 1985 white Lamborghini Countach, 2 of 'em [Chorus: Kanye West] I need a slow motion video right now Cause I'm movin in - slow motion, slow motion Feelin like Hype Williams shootin a nigga Shootin a nigga, ay hey hey I need a slow motion video right now Ay, ay... [Kanye West] Damn baby, pussy can't be your only hustle Unless you bad as Naomi Russell I mean a lot of niggaz got money So basically, Russell ain't the only Russell Russell Brand, Russell Crowe Zero zero zero zero, a whole lotta 0's What you after, actor money? You in line behind currency, yeah you after money Bullet-proof condom, when I'm in these hoes Got staples on my dick, why? Fuckin centerfolds Heh, and I swear to God they so cold Got a nigga in Miami wearin winter clothes I got my fur on, feelin like Jerome She got her fur too, we get our his and her on Don't look at the jewelry, or get your blur on Too close, you comatose, so dope you over-dose Get back you over-close, oh no The hood was stuntin then I blessed 'em with that Polo Niggaz is makin music and then my first solo Collo' Dro-lo, sponsored by Manolo She got Zeppi Notos, ready for some photos Yeah, and I'm cold, bitch please try to keep the do' closed Lanvin thousand dollar tee with no logos Let me show you what I see when my eyes closed [Jay-Z] Take it how you want 'til a nigga dead [Kanye] 'Til then, I'm the illest motherfucker aliiiiive [Jay-Z] Yeah, yeah, uh-huh; whole world aimin at a nigga head [Kanye] Because I'm the illest motherfucker aliiiiive [Jay-Z] Yeah, yeah, uh-huh, hol' up! King Hov', I'm exactly what the fuck you think 11 in a row, Bill Russell rings Michael Jordan swag, y'all think Michael Jordan bad Nigga I got five more rings than Michael Jordan had Elvis has left the building now, I'm on The Beatles' ass Niggaz hear "Watch the Throne," yeah, it's like The Beatles back Bey Bey my Yoko Ono, Rih Rih completes the family Imagine how that's gon' look front row at the Grammy's Fuck your awards like Eddie Murphy's couch "The Roc is in the building, we shoulda stayed in the house! I don't even know what we doin here" Seems to me a complete waste of gear Just a fuckin waste of time, a complete waste of bottles Niggaz fashion is weak, they be wastin all the models Got the over-sized Roley, let me show thee how to do it When I say it then you see it, it ain't only in the music Basquiat's, Warhol's, servin as my muses My house like a museum so I see 'em when I'm peein Usually you have this much taste you European That's the end of that way of thinkin, nigga never again Know when to leave when the +Heat+ is comin, I learned that This is where DeNiro would be, if he ain't turn back Fuck Sosa, this Hova, this is real life That is what the endin of "Scarface" should feel like! [Kid Cudi] I'm movin in slow motion, slow motion {*5X*} Artist: Kanye West f/ Jay-Z Album: HAM (s) Song: HAM Typed by: buff2prov@gmail.com [Kanye West] It was all good just a week ago Niggas feel theyself And now watch the song drop Niggas kill theyself What niggas 'gon do Hov? This a new crack, on a new stove I'm in too though, true that Niggas tellin' me, you back Like a nigga ever left up out this bitch, ugh? And if life a bitch, then suck my dick, ugh? And I bet she fuck the whole click, ugh? By the way nigga You should fucking quit, nigga Just forget it You talk it, I live it Like Eli, I did it Jokes on you, motherfucker, I get it Ha, no paper ho But you can have some more of me Orgy, oh are we, speaking metaphorically? Historically, I'm kicking bitches out like Pam, nigga Going HAM nigga, me and Jigga And a nigga still young, wanna have no kids But I've been practicing with some actresses Thats bad as shit Had a few white girls, and some spanish chicks With the head so good Damn a nigga glad he hit Got them jumping out the building Watch out below A million out the door I'm about to go HAM Hard as a motherfucker Let these niggas know who I am I'm about to go HAM Hard as a motherfucker Let these niggas know who I am [Jay-Z] Fuck y'all mad at me for? Y'all don't even know what I been through I played chicken with a Mac truck Y'all motherfuckers your have been moved I swam waters with Great Whites Y'all motherfuckers would of been chewed I hustle with vultures, late nights Y'all motherfuckers would have been food Fuck wrong with these dudes? Try to walk around in these shoes See the shit I saw growing up And maybe you could take a pic of these boots Niggas fantasizing about the shit that I do daily Like these rappers rap about All the shit that I do really I'm like really? Half a billie Nigga really you got baby money Keep it real with niggas Niggas ain't got my lady money Watch the phone Don't step on our roll Bad enough, we let you step on our glow When my nephew die, daddy's dead Nigga took the price of my uncle's head Nobody called the cops, so my uncle bleed So I feel like I would like to know my uncle's bread Bow down, cultivate hommage Don't spill hate, on my garments Carl Du Gouessant, fuck your fresh Head shots, nigga fuck your best Fuck the pig, no pork from before Peace God, because you know a nigga just went HAM, hard as a motherfucker Let these niggas know who I am Yeah, I'm about to go HAM, hard as a motherfucker Let these niggas know who I am Yeah, I'm about to go [HAM, HAM, HAM] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & Kanye West Album: Watch the Throne Song: Primetime Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Jay-Z] We havin the time of our lives babe Turn the music up Prime time Uhh [Jay-Z] Yeah, prime time, beat by Dion Our third eon, that's what the fuck we on Mo' money, forty year old phenom Our fifteen minutes of fame has stretched beyond At forty-two be better than twenty-fours I carried the four-five, mastered forty-eight laws Still wearing my twenty-three's they can't fuck with the boy As far as them 16's, I'm +23+ of it all Prime time, ridin that six deuce The nine-eleven, I only subtract the roof Started in eighty-eight, got warm in ninety-two I landed in ninety-six, that's the year I came through I hit the club, ordered some Grey Goose Switched it for Ciroc to give Puff's stock a boost New money, I found the fountain of youth I'm headed to Miami to fuck up the Fontaine Bleu A case of Ace, make it two Nigga we rollin, beat the deuce The night is young, what the fuck we gon' do? (Ooh) [Chorus: Kanye West] The night is young, what the fuck you wanna do, huh? The night is young, what the fuck we gon' do, huh? The night is young, what you really wanna do, huh? [Kanye West] Prime time, baskin in the lime Cassius in his prime, colorin out of the line Cause they don't want nobody that's colored out of the lines So I'm late as a muh'fucker, colored people time Damn Yeezy, they all gotta be dimes? Well, Adam gave up a rib so mine better be prime Niggaz gon' kill me, I swear they better be lyin I never live in fear, I'm too out of my mind Prime time, never hit these heights I mean it's like, it's like our first first class flight I'm trippin on it, socks on marble floors I'm slippin on it Champagne, I'm sippin on it, shit taste different don't it? You know what... you right~! It's like the best damn champagne I had in my life "When you comin home?" That's a text from my wife I told her, run a bubble bath And float in that motherfucker like a hovercraft And soak in that muh'fucker til I call you back I mean who says shit like that, and doesn't laugh? {Baby} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Jay-Z, Kid Cudi, Curtis Mayfield, Pete Rock, Charlie Wilson Album: My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy Song: The Joy Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Curtis Mayfield - from "The Makings of You"] (Pete Rock) {Charlie Wilson} Add a little sugar (AHHOW~!!)  Honey suckle lamb (Whoo!!) A great big expression of happiness Boy, you could'nt miiiiiiss... {uh-huh...} ...with a dozen roses {eh-eh-eh...uh} (Mr. West) Such would astound you (...Pete Rock) The joy of children laughing around you (Uh) These are the makings of you (Whoo!) [Kanye West] I do it for the forefathers, yeah the street authors That are not A&Rs in a cheap office Rappers that never got signed but they keep offers Girls that's way too fine for us to keep off us (AHHOW!!) Gave her a handshake only for my man's sake She in her birthday suit 'cause of the damn cake Now it's crumbs all over the damn place and she want me to cum all over her damn face I never understood Planned Parenthood 'cause I never met nobody plan to be a parent in the hood Takin refills of that Plan B pill Another shorty that won't make it to the family will If I don't make it, can't take it, hope the family will They ain't crazy, they don't know how insanity feel Don C just had a shorty, so it's not that bad but I still hear the ghosts of the kids I never had [Chorus: Curtis Mayfield - from "The Makings of You"] (Pete Rock) {Charlie Wilson} Add a little sugar (Whoo!!) Honey suckle lamb (C'mon!) A great big expression of happiness (AHHOW!!) Boy, you could'nt miiiiiiss... {uh-huh...} (Uh...) ...with a dozen roses {eh-eh-eh...uh} (Kanye) Such would astound you (...Pete Rock) The joy of children laughing around you (Uh) These are the makings of you (Yeah) [Kanye West] No electro, no metro  A little retro - ahh, perfecto You know the demo, ya boy act wild You ain't get the memo? Yeezy's back in style Now when Rome got Gidget, the other got Bridget What's more tripped out, dawg, is they sisters Nah, you ain't listen, they black - they sistas They momma named 'em after white bitches So next time you see me on your Fallopian Though the jewelry's Egyptian, know the hunger's Ethiopian Stupid questions like, "Is he gon' be dope again? Have you seen him? Has anybody spoke to him?" ...This beat deserves Hennessy and bad bitch, and a bag of weed - the Holy Trinity In the mirror where I see my only enemy Your life's cursed, well mine's an obscenity  [Chorus: Curtis Mayfield - from "The Makings of You"] (Pete Rock) {Charlie Wilson} [Jay-Z] Add a little sugar (Whoo!!)  Honey suckle lamb (C'mon!) [Red lights..] A great big expression of happiness (AHHOW!!) Boy, you couldn't miiiiiiss... {uh-huh...} [Make that thing roll] ...with a dozen roses {eh-eh-eh...uh} (Kanye) Such would astound you (...Pete Rock) [Uh] The joy of children laughing around you (Uh) These are the makings of you (Yeah) [Jay-Z] (AHHOW!!) ...This is my momma shit I used to hear this through the walls in the hood when I was back on my pa-jama shit Afros and marijuana sticks  Seeds and the ganjas had it poppin like the sample that I'm rhymin with Pete Rock, let the needle drop I seen so much as a kid, they surprised I don't needle pop Takin sips of pop, six packs of {?}, Pink Champale Ballentine L, Ballys on my feet help me balance out well That and the shit I used to balance on a scale I got it honest from the parties from my momma's Virgin Marys try to judge her, I'm like, "Where the Madonnas now?" Give all glory to Gloria, they said "You raised that boy too fast", but you was raising a warrior We victorious, they'll never take the joy from us Uh! [Kid Cudi] Keep your hands up, get mine up Don't let them take your fire Keep your hands up, get mine up Don't let them take your fire Keep your hands up, get mine up Don't let them take your fire Keep your hands up, get mine up Yeah... [Pete Rock - Outro] It's Pete Rock... Kanye... One two... Okay... It's Pete Rock... Kanye... One two... Okay... It's Pete Rock... Kanye... One two... Okay... It's Pete Rock... Kanye... One two... Okay... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Justin Timberlake Album: Magna Carta... Holy Grail Song: Holy Grail Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Justin Timberlake] You'd take the clothes off my back, and I'd let you You'd steal the food right out my mouth, and I'd watch you eat it I still don't know why... why I love it so much {"Thanks for warning me"} Ohhhh {"Thanks for warning me"} You curse my name, in spite, to put me to shame Air my laundry in the streets, dirty or clean, give it up for fame But I still don't know why (don't know why) why I love it so much {"Thanks for warning me"} Yeah {"Thanks for warning me"} [Chorus: Justin Timberlake] And baby, it's amazing I'm in this maze with you I just can't crack your code One day you're screamin you love me loud The next day you're so cold One day you're here, one day you're there One day you care, you're so unfair Sippin from your cup 'til it runneth over Holy Grail [Jay-Z] Uhh uhh Uhh, Blue told me remind you niggaz Uhh, fuck that shit y'all talkin 'bout, I'm the nigga Uhh, caught up in all these lights and cameras Uhh, but look what that shit did to Hammer Uhh, God damnit I like it The bright lights is enticin, but look what it did to Tyson All that money in one night, 30 mil' for one fight But soon as all that money blows, all the pigeons take flight Fuck the fame, keep cheatin on me, what I do? I took her back Fool me twice that's my bad, I can't even blame her for that Enough to make me wanna murder, momma please just get my bail I know nobody to blame, Kurt Cobain, I did it to myself - uhh [Justin Timberlake + Jay-Z] And we all just, entertainers And we're stupid, and contagious Know we all just, entertainer-r-r-r-r-r-r-r [Jay-Z] Now I got tattoos on my body, psycho bitches in my lobby I got haters in the paper, photo shoots with paparazzi Can't even take my daughter for a walk, see 'em by the corner store I feel like I'm cornered off, enough is enough, I'm callin this off Who the fuck I'm kiddin though? I'm gettin high, sittin low Slidin by in that big body, curtains all in my window This fame hurt but this chain works, I think back, you asked the same person if this is all you had to deal with, nigga deal with it, this shit is ain't work This light work, camera snappin, my eyes hurt Niggaz dyin back where I was birthed, fuck your iris and the IRS Get the hell up off your high horse, you got the shit that niggaz die for, dry yours Why you mad? Take the good with the bad, don't throw the baby out with that bath water You're still alive, still that nigga Nigga you survived, you still gettin bigger Nigga livin the life, vanilla wafers in a villa Illest nigga alive, Michael Jackson's "Thriller" [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Justin Timberlake] You get the air out my lungs whenever you need it And you take, the blade right out my heart, just so you can watch me bleedin I still don't know why (don't know why) why I love you so much {"Thanks for warning me"} Yeah {"Thanks for warning me"} And you play this game, in spite, to drive me insane I got it tattooed on my sleeve forever in ink, with guess whose name But I still don't know why (don't know why) why I love it so much {"Thanks for warning me"} Yeah {"Thanks for warning me"} [Chorus] w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Magna Carta... Holy Grail Song: Picasso Baby Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] I just want a Picasso, in my casa No, my castle I'm a hassa, no I'm an asshole I'm never satisfied, can't knock my hustle I wanna Rothko, no I wanna brothel No, I want a wife that fuck me like a prostitute Let's make love on a million, in a dirty hotel With the fan on the ceiling, all for the love of drug dealing Marble Floors, gold Ceilings Oh what a feeling - fuck it I want a billion Jeff Koons balloons, I just wanna blow up Condos in my condos, I wanna row of Christie's with my missy, live at the MoMA Bacons and turkey bacons, smell the aroma Oh what a feeling Picasso Baby, Ca Picasso baby Ca ca ca Picasso Baby, Ca ca ca Picasso baby Oh what a feeling [x2] [Verse 2] It ain't hard to tell I'm the new Jean Michel Surrounded by Warhols My whole team ball Twin Bugattis outside the Art Basel I just wanna live life colossal Leonardo Da Vinci flows Riccardo Tisci Givenchy clothes See me thrown at the Met Vogue'ing on these niggas Champagne on my breath, Yes House like the Louvre or the Tate Modern Because I be going ape at the auction Oh what a feeling Aw fuck it I want a trillion Sleeping every night next to Mona Lisa The modern day version With better features Yellow Basquiat in my kitchen corner Go ahead lean on that shit Blue You own it [break] [Verse 3] I never stuck my cock in the fox's box but Damned if I didn't open Pandora's box They try to slander your man On CNN and Fox My Miranda don't stand a chance, with cops Even my old fans like old man just stop I could if I would but I can't I'm hot, and you blow I'm still the man to watch, Hublot On my left hand or not Soon I step out the booth The cameras pops niggas is cool with it Till the canons pop Now my hand on the bible On the stand got your man in a jam, again Got my hands in cuffs I'm like god damn enough I put down the cans and they ran amok My hairpin Piece skin rupture spleens Cracks rips go through cribs and other things No sympathy for the king huh Niggas even talk about your baby crazy Eventually the pendulum swings Don't forget America this how you made me Come through with 'Ye mask on Spray everything like SAMO Though I won't scratch the Lambo What's it gonna to take For me to go For y'all to see I'm the modern day Pablo Picasso baby [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Beyonce  Album: Magna Carta... Holy Grail  Song: Tom Ford  Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Jay-Z]  Clap for a nigga with his rappin ass  Blow a stack for yo' niggaz with yo' trappin ass  Clap for a nigga with his rappin ass  Blow a stack for yo' niggaz with yo' trappin ass  ... Tom Ford {*3X*}  [Jay-Z]  Comin up, comin down  Ride clean, fix your hair in my Crown  Bad bitch, H-Town  Keep it trill, y'all know y'all can't fuck around  Paris where we been, pard' my Parisian  It's Hov time in no time, it's fuck all y'all season  Piss Bordeauxs and Burgundies, flush out a Riesling  When Hov's out them hoes out, y'all put y'all weaves in  And - clap for a nigga with his rappin ass  Blow a stack for yo' niggaz with yo' trappin ass  Spent all my euros on tuxes and weird clothes  I party with weirdoes, yeah Hov, yeah Hov  [Chorus: Jay-Z]  I don't pop molly, I rock Tom Ford  International, bring back the Concorde  Numbers don't lie, check the scoreboard  ... Tom Ford {*5X*}  [Jay-Z]  Yeah, hands down got the best flow, sound I'm so special  Sound boy burial, this my Wayne Perry flow  Y'all know nothin 'bout Wayne Perry though  District of Columbia, guns on your Tumblrs  Fuck hashtags and retweets (nigga)  140 characters in these streets (nigga)  Pardon my laughin, y'all only flaggin on beats (nigga)  Pardon my laughin, I happen to think you sweet, heh  [Jay-Z] + (Beyonce)  (Aww man homie) Uh, so throwed  Comin up (comin up) comin down (comin down)  Ride clean, fix your hair in my Crown (in my Crown)  Bad bitch (bad bitch) H-Town (H-Town)  Keep it trill, y'all know y'all can't fuck around (fuck around)  Comin up (comin up) comin down (comin down)  Ride clean, fix your hair in my Crown (in my Crown)  Bad bitch (bad bitch) H-Town (H-Town)  Keep it trill, y'all know y'all can't fuck around (fuck around)  Hol' up; I don't pop molly, I rock Tom Ford The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Pimp C, Rick Ross Album: Magna Carta... Holy Grail Song: FuckWithMeYouKnowIGotIt Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Pimp C] Little over a year ago I was in bondage And now I'm back out here reaping the blessings And getting the benefits that go along with it Everything that's out here for kings like us The reason why we like this this jewelry and this diamonds and stuff They don't understand is because we really from Africa And that's where all this stuff come from And we originated from kings, you know what I'm saying So don't look down on the youngsters Because they wanna have shiny things It's in our genes, know what I'm saying We just don't all know our history so... [Hook: Rick Ross] Fuck with me, you know I got it Fuck with me, you know I got it Sexy bitch I hope she 'bout it Come fuck with me, you know I got it [Verse 1: Rick Ross] I just landed in Europe, nigga Shopping bags, I'm a tourist, nigga Money talk I speak fluent, nigga Reeboks on, I just do it, nigga Look at me, I'm pure nigga I bet the hoes on my tour, nigga I don't bop, I do the money dance My bitch whip cost a hundred grand Red vert, tou see me slide Sexy bitch I hope she 'bout it Sexy bitch I know she 'bout it Fuck with me, you know I got it [Hook] [Verse 2: Jay-Z] Hov just landed in Rome, nigga All hail, Caesar's home, niggas Chin don, Ciao Bella Come money dance with the good fellas Hov keep gettin' that dinero, got it Even if a nigga gotta Robert, get it? Black Jack in casino A nigga got unlimited credit A nigga got a lot of vendettas But we the Black mob, we gonna set it Peel off in a Lamborghini Countach 200 in the dash we gonna rev it, skirt Lucky Luciano is what that call me Paisano A 100 keys at the piano plays across the Verrazano El Padrino, in the villa in Venice sipping vino Not bad for a Mulliano, y'all know like we know, I got it [Hook] [Outro: Rick Ross] I'm riding big coming down that beach Geechy niggas with satin sheets Bad bitch, she a masterpiece Got a bad bitch, she a masterpiece The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Frank Ocean  Album: Magna Carta... Holy Grail  Song: Oceans  Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  "You see this motherfucker!" {*echoes*}  [Frank Ocean]  Blessings, blessings, yeah  I see  [Chorus: Frank Ocean]  Elephant tusks on the boar of a sailing lady, docked on the Ivory Coast  Mercedes in a row, winding down the road  I hope my black skin don't dirt this white tuxedo, before the Basquiat show  And if so - well fuck it, fuck it  Because this water drowned my family, this water mixed my blood  This water tells my story, this water knows it all  Go ahead and spill some champaaaaagne, in the water  Go ahead and watch the sun blaaaaaze, on the waves, of the ocean  [Jay-Z]  Uh, dope boy still smellin like cocaina  White boat, white robe, can he be more cleaner?  The oil spill that BP ain't clean up  I'm anti, uh, Santa Maria  Only Christopher we acknowledge is Wallace  I don't even like Washingtons in my pocket  Black card go hard when I'm shoppin  Boat docked in front of Hermis pickin cotton  Silk and fleeces, lay on my Jesus  Oh my God, I hope y'all don't get see/sea sick  See me in shit you never saw  If it wasn't for these pictures they wouldn't see me at all  Aww, whole world's in awe  I crash through glass ceilings, I break through closed doors  I'm on the ocean, I'm in heaven  Yachtin, +Ocean 11+  [Chorus] w/ ad libs  [Jay-Z]  Me and Ty Ty is like Pablo and Popeye  Windin dirt roads on mopeds spillin Opus  Welcome to the magnum opus  The "Magna Carta", the best-sellin author Decoded  Yeah, on the +Holiday+ playin "Strange Fruit"  If I'ma make it to a +Billi'+ I can't take the same route/root  Swoosh - that's the sound of the border  Swoosh - no that's the sound of a baller  Muhammed Hovi, my back against the rope  The black Maybach, I'm back inside the boat  Shepard Fairey, they finally gave me some +HOPE+  Can't believe they got a nigga to vote  Democrat, nope, I sold dope  In trouble waters had to learn how to float  On the ocean, I'm in heaven  Yachtin, +Ocean 11+  [Chorus] w/ ad libs Artist: Jay-Z Album: Magna Carta... Holy Grail Song: F.U.T.W. Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] Just let me great, just let me great I feel like mothafuckin' Cassius Clay right now, Genius! Don't be good my nigga, be great After that government cheese, we eating steak After the projects, now we on estates I'm from the bottom, I know y'all can relate Fuck up the world Let's fuck up this world Fuck up the world Me and destiny got a date [Verse 1] Martin had a dream, Hov gotta team My chain already heavy, don't let me get a ring Parades down Flatbush, Confetti on my fur Turn right on Red Chorus, niggas heavy on the curve See most of my niggas died early twenties or late teens I'm just trying to come from under the thumb of this regime 1% of a billion more then niggas even seen Still they wanna act like it's an everyday thing, clean [Verse 2] High Yellow sky dweller and the rose gold Legend of the summer in the Rose Bowl Came thru Pasadena in the low low Just to show respect to the chulos Feel like a stranger in my own land Got me feeling like Brody in Homeland I just want my shot to show my genius Standing on the top hold my penis America tried to emasculate the greats Murder Malcolm, gave Cassius the shakes Wait, tell them rumble young man rumble Try to dim your lights tell you be humble You know I'm gon shine like a trillion watts You know a nigga trill as Michael Jackson socks Send a light to Compton and the hundred blocks Lil bastard boy, basking on top [Verse 3] Sipping D'USSE boy this ain't your daddy yak He in a Cadillac; me? I'm in the Maybach This ain't grey sweat suits and white tube socks This is black leather pants and a pair of stance Socks is my synopsis is clear Got stripclubs feeling like Oxford, I swear Teacher teacher, I trying to unteach ya All the shit they taught y'all, they got you all in the bleachers When you front row at the Knicks game, those the Spike Lees You front row every where, you in the H.O.V's Jordan 1's and dungarees And that's just the half of my warpath Make a million another million let my niggas make a million 'til we all check a billion, shit it's just the way I'm feeling We have yet to see a ceiling, we just top what we top Cause the bars don't struggle and the struggle don't stop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Magna Carta... Holy Grail Song: Somewhere in America Typed by: AZ Lyrics Shout out to old Jews and old rules New blacks with new stacks I already been the king Retro act, I'm just bringing it back Like Jordan Packs New money, they looking down on me Blue bloods they trying to clown on me You can turn up your nose high society Never gone turn down the homie Knock knock I'm at your neighbor house Straight cash I bought ya neighbor out You should come to the housewarming Come and see what your new neighbor 'bout Yellow Lambo in the driveway A buck 35 on the highway Frank Sinatra on my Sonos Loud as fuck I did it my way A million sold before the album dropped White Lexus before I had a deal Ask Bun B about me This ain't no snap back, a nigga's been trill By the way, fuck your math You ain't gotta count it my nigga I can add 1 million, 2 million, 3 million, 20 million Oh, I'm so good at math Might crash ya Internet And I ain't even into that When I was talking Instagram Last thing you wanted was your picture snapped Feds still lurking They see I'm still putting work in Cause somewhere in America Miley Cyrus is still twerkin' Twerk, twerk, twerk, twerk Twerk, Miley, Miley, twerk Twerk, Twerk, Miley, Miley, Miley, twerk Twerk, yeah, ugh-huh Twerk, Miley, Miley, Miley Only in America The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Sizzla, Travi$ Scott Album: Magna Carta... Holy Grail Song: Crown Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Sizzla] They can't keep a gooda man down Always keep a smile when they want me to frowns Keep the vibes and they stood my grounds They will never ever take my crown Who Jah bless I say no man curse Things gettin' better when they thought it would be worse Here comes the officers askin' for a search They found no weapon just only a draw of herbs [Verse 1: Jay-Z] You in the presence of a king Scratch that, you in the presence of a God Put in the belly of the beast I escaped, a nigga never had a job Scott Boras, you over baby Robinson Cano, you coming with me These niggas is like rotary phones It's a new day, hit up KD Niggas always try to knock a nigga down Knock me to my knees about a million times Uncle said I'll never sell a million records I sold a million records like a million times These niggas shouldn't let me in I ball so hard on ESPN See my name come across on CNN 'Bout 6 minutes, you gonna see it again 'Bout 6 minutes, you gonna see me again [Chorus 2x: Travi$ Scott] Shit on me These niggas tried to shit on me I was left for dead They tried to wipe me out of your history [Verse 2: Jay-Z] Bulletproof glass, glass roof like the Pope Bulletproof love, Niggas down since the yolk Bitch asked if I was God Fuck I'm supposed to say, "no" You already seen me turn a man to a G.O.A.T. You already know what I could do with the coke Drop it in the water, made it disappear I made it reappear, I had that bitch on a rope I make my roof get ghost Bottom grill, I make my tooth get gold All the shit did, I wasn't supposed to live Hallelujah Hov Wasn't for the 'caine wouldn't be able Wasn't for the bread, probably be dead Best friends become ya enemies Niggas' knives are double-edged [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Magna Carta... Holy Grail Song: Heaven Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] Have you ever? Have you ever? [Chorus: x2] Have you ever been to heaven? Have you ever seen the gates? Have you bow down to your highness? And do you know how heaven taste? Lie me down [Verse 1] Arm, leg, leg, arm, head - this god body Knowledge, wisdom. freedom, understanding - we just want our equality Food, clothing, shelter - help a nigga find some peace Happiness for a gangsta, ain't no love in the streets Conspiracy theorist screaming Illuminati They can't believe this much skill is in the human body He's 6'2, how the fuck he fit in a new Bugatti? Aw fuck it you got me Question religion, question it all Question existence until them questions are solved Meanwhile this heretic I be out in Marrakesh Morocco [?] with my fellowship Y'all dwell on [?] Color of a Jello-O [?] Hello [?], it's me again Fresh in my Easter clothes feeling like [?] and [Chorus: 2x] That's me in the corner That's me in the spotlight Losing my religion [Verse 2] Getting ghost in the Ghost Can you see me? Can you see me? Have mercy on a Judas, angels wings on a 'ghini I'm secular, tell the hecklers seckle down Y'all religion creates division Like my Maybach partition n [?] is my chauffeur Boy they loves Hova From the south side of Chi To Brooklyn where I growed up I confess [?] in the flesh Live among the serpents Turn arenas into churches I'm like Michael recycle, these are not 16s These are verses from [?] Tell the preacher he's a preacher I'm a motherfucking prophet, fuck a tree of knowledge Drink from a gold chalice, you gotta love it I arrive at pearly gates, I had luggage Meaning I had baggage [?] asking me questions, I don't answer to these busters Only God could judge us, motherfuckers [Chorus: 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Magna Carta... Holy Grail Song: Versus Typed by: AZ Lyrics Hey sucka nigga Where ever you are I thought about ya fool While I was driving my car I wonder if you fools Realize how far You are You're no where in my rear mirror Your last shit ain't better Than my first shit Your best shit Ain't better than my worst shit The truth in my verses Versus Your metaphors About what your net worth is The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Beyonce Album: Magna Carta... Holy Grail Song: Part II (On the Run) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Beyonce] Who wants that perfect love story any way, anyway Cliche, Cliche Cliche, Cliche Who wants that hero love that saves the day, anyway Cliche, Cliche Cliche, Cliche What about the bad guy goes good, yeah And the missing missing love that's misunderstood, yeah Black hour glass, our glass Toast to cliches in a dark past Toast to cliches in a dark past [Verse 1: Jay-Z] Boy meets girl, girl perfect women Girl get the bustin' before the cops come running Chunking deuces, chugging D'USSE Fuck what you say, boys in blue say [Verse 2: Beyonce] I don't care if you on the run Baby as long as I'm next to you And if loving you is a crime Tell me why do I bring out The best in you [Bridge: Beyonce] I hear sirens while we make love Loud as hell but they don't know They're nowhere near us I will hold your heart and your gun I don't care if they come, noooo I know it's crazy but [Chorus: Beyonce] They can take me Now that I found the places that you take me Without you I got nothing lose [Verse 3: Jay-Z] I'm an outlaw, got an outlaw chick Bumping 2Pac, on my outlaw shit Matching tatts, this Ink don't come off Even if rings come off If things ring off My nails get dirty My past ain't pretty, my lady is, my Mercedes is My baby momma harder then a lot of you niggas Keep it 100, hit the lottery niggas You ain't about that life ain't gotta lie to me, nigga You know its till the death, I hope it obvi to niggas Cross the line, speak about mine I'mma wave this tech, I'mma geek about mine Touch a nigga where his rib at, I click clat Push your ma'fucka wig back, I did that I been wilding since a juvi She was a good girl till she knew me Now she is in the drop bussin' U'e Screaming... [Verse 4: Jay-Z] Deeper then words, beyond right Die for your love, beyond life Sweet as a Jesus piece, beyond ice Blind me baby with your neon lights Ray Bans on, police in sight Oh, what a beautiful death Let's both wear white If you go to heaven and they bring me to hell Just sneak out and meet me, bring me a box of L's She fell in love with the bad guy, the bad guy What you doing with them rap guys, them rap guys They ain't see potential in me girl, but you see it If it's you and me against the world, then so be it [Verse 5: Beyonce] I don't care if they give me life I get all my life from you And if loving you had a price I would pay my life for you [Bridge] [Verse 6: Beyonce] I don't care I will never give it up Give it up, give it up, give it all away No I swear, no I swear Without you I got nothing to lose The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Magna Carta... Holy Grail Song: Beach Is Better Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Jay-Z] Hit ya ass on the celly - cause I ain't got time (time, time) To be arguin with yo' ass, if you ain't really ready Girl, why you never ready? For as long as you took you better look like Halle Berry ... or Beyonc, shit, then we gettin married I brought sand to the beach cause my beach is better You can keep your beach cause that beach whatever Started out at The Darby, ended up at 1 Oak (Oak) Left the house with 100 grand, ended up near broke Don't get mad at me, I'm buyin bucket after bucket, when it's gone I'm like fuck it I'll replace it with another one, uh Can't take this money with you, burn this shit up like I'm Richard Niggaz askin is the oven on, uh Artist: Jay-Z Album: Magna Carta... Holy Grail Song: BBC Typed by: AZ Lyrics Let's work [x4] D boy drug dealer look Billionaire, billionaire From the cocoa leafs to the farmers To the polo fleece to the bombers R.I.P. to Gianni Now we on our way D boy drug dealer look Billionaire Let's work [Verse 1] Bally shoes, Gucci sneakers Pharrell's a pharaoh, peep the features Unlaced Adidas Top of the world like pyramids in Giza Fila sweats, 88 I rocked a mock neck Carried a nine in my projects Bucket hat EPMD cassettes Now I'm smoking loud in Ibiza Mix the D'USSE with the reefer My whole life is leisure Gangsta lean like the Pisa Eiffel Tower, Hermes towel The Feds perched like an owl Real niggas all feel the hook [Chorus x2] [Verse 2] What you know about going out, head west Maybach, 3 TV's all up in the headrest Mase niggas at Madison Square Garden 20 million sold and we still catching charges Rope chains, Rakim and Eric B Bought my sidekicks Suzuki Jeeps and Cherokees Hoop earrings Coupes with the rear cameras Put that bitch in a cherry M3 I'm not ya average dope dealer Silver Toyotas four runners and four wheelers Me and Teflon Q45 infinite Windows tinted White girl all up in it Britney, bitch MCM seats buck 50 stitch Versace plates got the Basquiat Collab from Versace place Cuban link 5 kilo You life is illegal When your chain can get the RICO Real niggas all feel the hook [Chorus x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Magna Carta... Holy Grail Song: Jay-Z Blue (Daddy Dearest) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] I work and work 'till I'm half-dead And I hear people saying, "She's getting old" And what do I get? A daughter Who cares as much about the beautiful dresses I give her As she cares about me [Verse 1] Let's do this for these babies Mercedes truck, fuck Houses on acres Blatantly ballin' on HD Y'all need to step up y'all AV Life changed again I was already taking off My flight changed again Slight change of winds It's barely 12 noon And my wife changed again Baby needs Pampers Daddy needs at least three weeks in the Hamptons Please don't judge me, only hugged the block I thought my daddy didn't love me My baby getting chubby Cue that Stevie Wonder music, aww isn't she lovely Now I'm staring at praying that things don't get ugly And I'm stuck in that old cycle Like wife leaves hubby Fuck joint custody I need a joint right now Just the thought alone fucks with me High on life I could die from the fall Imagine if I hit the floor Apologies in order To Blue Ivy my daughter If it was up to me You would be with me Sort of like daddy dearest [Interlude] Don't fuck with me fellas. This ain't my first time at the rodeo. [Verse 2] I dream filthy (my mom and pops) mixed me with Jamaican (Rum and whiskey) what a set off (What a set off) And I know I'm not perfect baby I been through so much trauma It gonna be hard to reverse it With some doctors and some nurses maybe Teach me on how to treat a lady Open doors on the 'Cedes This relationship shit is complicated All I know is we ain't speaking everyday I fucking hate it I don't wanna duplicate it I seen my mom and pop drive each other motherfuckin' crazy And I got that nigga blood in me I got his ego and his temper All is missing is the drugs in me [Verse 3] Father never taught me how to be a father Treated mother I don't wanna have to just repeat another leave another Baby with no daddy want no mama drama I just wanna Take her back to a time when Everything was calmer Out in Paris on a terrace Watching the Eiffel Tower And a Ferris wheel yet and still Nothing could prepare us For the beauty that you be Blue be Looking in your eyes is like a mirror Have to face my fears Cheer up Why could you just be happy Without these back and forth thoughts You too much like your daddy Badly I just wanna spent more time with him Sadly life wouldn't let me get around with him Now I got my own daughter Taught her how to take her first steps Cut the cord watch her take her first breath And I'm trying and I'm lying if I said I wasn't scared But in life and death If I isn't there The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Magna Carta... Holy Grail Song: La Familia Typed by: AZ Lyrics Head of the family El Padrino Welcome home to Emory Let's get back to this dinero [Verse 1] Niggas wanna kidnap wifey Good luck with that bruh You must gonna hide your whole family What you think we wearing black for Ready for that war Ready for that war ready You ain't ready yo, you radio You ain't really ready Real nigga outchea Alpo bought his bricks here Elvis got his records took It's like we got our seventh gear NFL investigations Oh, don't make me laugh FBI investigation We stood up to that Facts only Everything real in my raps only Every nigga real in my clique really Everyone is a movie star you got to film me La Familia [Bridge] Ready for that war Ready for that war, ready You ain't ready yo, you radio You ain't really ready Head of the Family El Padrino [Verse 2] My brothers is my brother like my brother is My nigga is my brother Like my mother kids Not in just in good times That's that sucka shit But it war times It just what it is Head of the family All my niggas bosses though Y'all don't understand we We talk that shit bosses know Triple fuckin' OG What's up to my nigga Juan Tell these niggaas pull their fuckin' skirt down I could see their ovaries Niggas snitching switching teams Out there telling bitches things Industry talk behind your back Ain't nobody got time for that Facts only Everything real in my raps only Every nigga real in my clique really Even the girls keep it two hundred and trilly It's la familia The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Magna Carta... Holy Grail Song: Nickels & Dimes Typed by: AZ Lyrics Nickels and dimes Sticks to my mind I'll never win You have my friends [Verse 1] Got a thing for nickel plated nines and pretty dimes Mac-11 I squeeze like lemon limes Squirt obey your thirst, fashion lines Between beauty and beast, I walk the line Johnny Cash, I'm a real G I cut my self today to see if I still bleed Success is so sublime Gotta do that time to time so I don't lose my mind Something 'bout the struggle so divine This sort of love is hard to define When you scratching for every nickel and dime Got me itching to do this shit for my mom Do this shit for my town Leave the door open hoping they kick it down The purist form of giving is anonymous to anonymous We gonna make it there, I promise this [Verse 2] Sometimes I feel survivor's guilt I gave some money to this guy, he got high as hell Now I'm part of the problem far as I could tell Did I do it for him or do it for myself Can't lie to myself I love my niggas more than my own blood I die for my niggas and I love my cub, hope that's not fucked up I got a problem with the handouts, I took the man route I'll give an opportunity though, that's the plan now No guilt in giving clear a nigga conscience out No guilt in receiving, every thing within reason Can't see it taking food out my little monster's mouth That will drive me gaga Run up in your momma's house, two nickels, one dime Manslaughter charges, the lawyer, knocked it down I'm just trying to find common ground 'fore Mr. Belafonte come and chop a nigga down Mr. Day O, major fail Respect these youngins boy, it's my time now Hublot homie, two door homie You don't know all the shit I do for the homies [Verse 3] Pardon my hubris, Stanley Kubrick With eyes wide shut, I could cook up two bricks Turn nickels to dime, turn dimes to quarters Turn wives from daughters, oh, I'm clear as water And just for clarity, my presence is charity My flow is a gift, philanthropist Everybody around me rich, or will be Baby boy I promise you this, or kill me And when a nigga go as the old adage go You die rich or you die a disgrace, so just let me grow Watch me cook, throw no looks Like Magic in his prime when Kareem sky hooked Y'all not worthy, sometimes I feel like Y'all don't deserve me, my flow unearthly The greatest form of giving is anonymous to anonymous So here y'all go, I promise this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Swizz Beatz Album: Open Letter (S) Song: Open Letter Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Swizz Beatz] Ladies and gentlemen! GODDAMNIT!!!! OH!!!! [Jay-Z] Let this shit knock [Verse One: Jay-Z] (Swizz Beatz) I'd done turned Havana to Atlanta (RIGHT!) Guayabera shirts and bandanas E'vry time you think you got me I switch the plan up Bulletproof this radio scanners  Ballin 'til they ban us You gettin too much bread they try to jam you Boy from the hood but got White House clearance (WOO!) Sorry y'all I don't agree with y'all appearance (Uh Uh!) Politicians never did shit for me (Nope!) Except lie to me distort history (WOO!!!) Wanna give me jail time and a fine Fine, let me commit a real crime (WHAT'S UP!!!) I might buy kilo from Chief Keef Out of spite, I just might, flood these streets (OHHHHH!!!!) Hear the freedom in my speech Got a onion from, Universal read it and weep Would've brought the Nets to Brooklyn for free Except I made millions off of you fuckin dweeb! I still own the buildin I'm still keepin my seat Y'all buy that bullshit y'all better keep y'all receipt (OH!) Obama said chill you 'gon get me impeached You don't need this shit anyway chill with me on the beach (OH!) [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] (Timbaland) Y'all 'gon learn today! (	YAH YAH YAH YAH!) Y'all 'gon learn today! (YAH YAH YAH YAH!) Y'all 'gon learn today! (	YAH YAH YAH YAH! YAH YAH YAH YAH! YAH YAH YAH YAH!) Y'all 'gon learn today! (YAH YAH YAH YAH!) Y'all 'gon learn today! [Verse Two: Jay-Z] (Swizz Beatz) Uh! Y'all must wanna start a revolution  You know whenever I'm threatened I start shootin (BONG!!!) Catch a body head to Houston I'm in Cuba I love Cubans This communist talk is so confusin When It's from China the very mic that I'm usin (GODDAMNIT!!!!) Idiot win the Bob Dylan of rap music You're an idiot baby, you should become a student Or you 'gon learn today! (Y'all 'gon learn today!) Where the fuck have you been?! (WOO!) The world's under new management The new role model fuck this Zoolander shit! Uh! [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] (Timbaland) Y'all 'gon learn today! (	YAH YAH YAH YAH!) Y'all 'gon learn today! (YAH YAH YAH YAH!) Y'all 'gon learn today! (	YAH YAH YAH YAH! YAH YAH YAH YAH! YAH YAH YAH YAH!) Y'all 'gon learn today! (YAH YAH YAH YAH!) Y'all 'gon learn today! Y'all 'gon learn today! (YAH YAH YAH YAH! YAH YAH YAH YAH! YAH YAH YAH YAH!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Memphis Bleek Album: Hard Knock Life/SIW Soundtrack Song: It's Alright Typed by: I3omb1st@AOL.COM Jay-Z: Bounce if you wanna bounce, ball if you wanna ball Play if you wanna play, floss if you wanna floss It's Alright, you heard?, It's Alright, Holla back Get ill if you wanna ill, smoke if you wanna smoke Kill if you wanna kill, loc if you wanna loc It's Alright, you heard? It's Alright, yeah yeah I need a ho in my life to blow on my dice So we can make our points twice and skate out a town I need that glow in my ice, E-Class Ladies screamin Jigga you know we ease that, flowin out like Jees-ass Jay-Z and me holdin the mic so when you like you find MC's so impolite And me I'm so into nice, got cats on the corner like Don't me and Jigga be flowin alike?  Nah, Not in your life ain't nobody copin like Mr. Jay-Z, shit you're crazy I'm hot like the six maybe, Deep dish with the great seats I flow greater than you're navigator I drop in you're town, block you're data Pimps all comin through with a hot pair of gators And a crew with rocks the size of craters Can't touch like hot potatoes, Ya Heard? Bounce if you wanna bounce, ball if you wanna ball Play if you wanna play, floss if you wanna floss It's Alright, you heard?, It's Alright, Holla back Get ill if you wanna ill, smoke if you wanna smoke Kill if you wanna kill, loc if you wanna loc It's Alright, you heard? It's Alright, Holla back Memphis Bleek: In the middle of a war rockin a vest Who's the illest shorty alive, I confess I take nine to the chest and I swear to the heaven sky's, I bless The mics until the day I rest, till they can feel what I feel I'ma try my best, and if you real like I real you can provide the rest Anything left out, you can blame it on the brain, not the heart I'm playing my part, stretched out, just about the best out Any nigga realer than me, is in a messhall with their chest out Any rapper with less clout, sell more records than me We extort them as soon as they record 'em, Bleek My name is clear, back when a shorty used to braid my hair On the project stairs, Once I drop to a ceaser Ma I don't need ya >From the block to the hot two-seaters  Jay-Z: Bounce if you wanna bounce, ball if you wanna ball Play if you wanna play, floss if you wanna floss It's Alright, you heard?, It's Alright, Holla back Get ill if you wanna ill, smoke if you wanna smoke Kill if you wanna kill, loc if you wanna loc It's Alright, you heard? It's Alright, Check On the two Jew-el's I blew more money than Latrell, who else? They don't know you, think they know you too well, you jell Like Flubber I hover above the city in a private jet, the livest set Press you're brakes, Feds wanna investigate, Mr. I don't cop nothin Less than eight, and anything involved with my name Regardless of the fame It's hard, I can't even walk through Harlem again, Charge it to the game, I'm platinum like American Express My boy died, and all I did was inherit his stress To make every jam tougher, you ain't my man fuck ya I suggest let you live right? Negative, I swear It's dough or die, I hope your soul provides you with an afterlife Close you're casket tight Take you're last two deep breaths and pass the mic  To Jay-Z nigga, That's Right!! Bounce if you wanna bounce, ball if you wanna ball Play if you wanna play, floss if you wanna floss It's Alright, you heard?, It's Alright, Holla back Get ill if you wanna ill, smoke if you wanna smoke Kill if you wanna kill, loc if you wanna loc It's Alright, you heard? It's Alright The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rell f/ Jay-Z Album: Streets is Watching soundtrack Song: Love For Free Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Uh huh uh, ji ji Roc-a-Fella y'all Jigga, Rell, nine-eight edition This is Roc-a-Fella for life, this is Roc-a-Fella for life This is Roc-a-Fella for life, this is Roc-a-Fella for life I play my parts with the honies hard It's gotten even worse now that the money's washed Like a letter y'all, the nine-eight find me straight Good health, can't complain about my financial state What else? I guess tomorrow knows I run through chicks like borrowed clothes I'm the type of nigga your father oppose, never test Jay You follow the code, ese, on my best day I'm like God with a blow, bless me [Rell] Baby, why are you chasing that man? Knowing that he can't, love you like I can I guess you'd rather chase, instead of feeling what's real inside, I got to thinking And I hope you realize (all this love for free) (Better come and get it soon) Hurry hurryahahyyy (Please, don't take too long) I want your love babe (Before it's all gone, I just wanna put you on) The apple of my eye, sweet cherry surprise Let me up inside, of your body tonight There's so much that we can do and I'll do you, know how much I wanna taste your lovin, so good (all this love for free) (Better come and get it soon) Hurry baby (Please, don't take too long) Cause I want your love (Before it's all gone, I just wanna put you on) (Hurry hurry hurry, hurry baby cause I can't wait) (Hurry hurry hurry, cause later on might be too late) Gotta hurry (Hurry hurry hurry, tell me whatcha gonna do) (Hurry hurry hurry, there's too many dimes for me to choose) Baby you got me (got me goin) Goin round in circles (tell me why) And I can't explain whyaayiyyy (I need your love) Can't get enough of your love [Jay-Z] Yea yea yea In the SL with Rell, music at a high decimal Mami frontin, touchin buttons like she spec-ial cause she sex well, in the best tell, rapper filla cartel Excel-ing like Hyundai, Sunday to Sunday it's for the nachoes, come out the clothes And baby girl if it's Hammer time, then hide your toes The game cold like, five below, but once inside the show we to' it down; about that money, we throw it around So when the ice hit the sun rays, run for shade Game's over, we didn't come to play The fuck y'all thinking?? [Rell] Round and round in circles (Tell me why) I can't explain why (I need your love) Can't get enough of your love Baby I've got all this love (all this love for free) (Better come and get it soon) Baby baby baby (Please don't take too long) I want your love babe (Before it's all gone, I just wanna put you on) Can you feel me growing baby (All this love for free... better come and get it soon...) Let me keep it going... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Streets is Watching soundtrack/Dangerous Ground soundtrack Song: You're Only a Customer Typed by: 6334@verona.k12.wi.us Intro: Ha ha, ha ha, Roc-a-Fella y'all Futuristic shit beeotch Uh, what the fuck? How we do. How we do. Uh ha Verse 1: Triple platnum nigga with the solid gold fade All that nickle and dime shit, don't hold no weight Fortune 5, top 5 in the Forbes (you'll see) as you Thumb through the Source I read the Ride report Class C, cold me down with the plastic That's all I Ask Of You, like Raphael Saadiq At the hotel, Nico, robbin' the val suite My people's eyes through the peep hole I'm lovin' you down freak as I Shoot through the city like a rumor Not soon enough, to stop 'em from spreadin' the news Paper headin' read "Jay-Z breaths, 80 degrees" the only thing to cool them off is a Malibu day breeze Can't sop for the feds, say cheese You know they wanna take a nigga picture  Pray for the day to get ya, but I'm a parlay and stay richer for now Jigga hasn't done dirt in a while YOu know my stomach getin' weak from livin' on the streets for real Tryin' to oversee it from suites, orderin' eats At the top where the criminal minds meet That's where the cream is (right) , that's where your dream is (well ain't it?) Hook: You're only a customer (uh) Walkin' in the presence of hustlers  You spend money all night long "All night long" - Mary J. Blige Verse 2: A-yo my youth had a nigga too aggressive I use to speed excessive, both eyes closed No thought infested Hittin' pot holes, cop-o's will snatch your weight But your game most precious Had to rethink things, is pinky ring worth Life on the run and time served in Sing Sing I don't know to tell the truth If I'm pressed for doe, I got to consoul Irv Gotti y'all Irv Gotti: Heads got to roll Jay-Z: I was raised to live, Lord I pray you forgive If not, I just handle it like Jason Kidd What you're facin' is official (it's official) Most cases when I"m blazin' won't miss you (won't miss you) Case and point mad bullshitted issue I see it to the end, my writting is so personal My heart bleedin' out my pen, make no mistake aobut me It's only one nigga livin', I got a half a cake about me I got love, to make a nigga die bleedin' is nothin' You make a motherfucker die breathin' then you sayin' somthing, beeotch Hook (X3) More flavor than y'all can image havin'  Graphic like Sega, Saturn, traffic like the Bodega It just so happens, you caught me at the the tail end of my dive My brain ain't right from inhaling the work of my life Fuck it, 3's in ya, had to hold D.C. high pissy off Cristle 3 G's high seasoned Bacardy, UV's  Blesses my body, we be fresh at the party  Play yourself go head if you don't no the ledge It's like spittin' to God Get it in your face fuckin' with niggas over your head Take your time with me, shiftee  Use to make Coke stretch like the samplin' a 950 Shit with that, while I'm o a Kawasoki bike At the light, doin' a pike, with a bitch on the back And take flight, my life like it was directed by Hype In 35 slow-mo, with the Rockafella logo Accapoco to Arruba, bay breezes and caviar baluga Very little loot, a loser In the grashish blueish, Les Coup it's the root of evil in these people Hook (X3) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murder, Inc. (DMX, Ja Rule, Jay-Z) Album: Streets is Watching Soundtrack Song: Murdergram Typed by: I3omb1st@AOL.COM [Jay-Z] Niggas is dead, dead I tell you, can't be serious What you think is gonna happen with three of the illest niggas together Street music and so fourth on one track,huh? Can't be serious, it's murda nigga, huh, it's Murda Motha fuckers wanna kill me but don't got the heart To look me in the eyes with the nine and spark Cause whether your for or against this When I spit with murderous intentions, everybody goes everybody knows The weapons I possess they not for show And you put dresses on your weapons when you walk out the door See once I flash mother fuckers better do the one shot dash Or be one shot ass J to the A-Y to the drive by to your hood screamin bye-bye to you Why would you fuck with me  Knowing I put you six feet deep and them niggas could die wit'cha Cock the hot pistol and pop the hot Cristal And promise you only one thing, to not miss you Jahova know the god that served ya Cause dead or alive when I arrive it's Murda [Ja Rule] Shit I hope ya'll niggas know to lay low now Cause thou shall perish if you don't bow down Cause I hit em on sight, its dark dim the lights You shot twice god bless to this the night That alot of niggas fear the coming of their life And you dead right be in hell looking for ice Fuckin with Ja you bitch niggas talking shit All on my dick you broke niggas making me rich You gonna blaze me cause you high ripped off the henne rock Flow semi-hot handling me your not Check my forte not even on a bad day you beat this Rather beat your dick or your bitch My flow be the sick shit, gravely ill Niggas dying cause they know I spit like iron, nothing but bark flyin Flows and mics, hell and night, go together like heaven and light Niggas ain't seein my plight, It's alright I let the world know I shine like ice I bet it all I can throw a hard four in the dice Cause I'm a gambling man, you should gamble with a gat in your hand Spin in barrel and put it to your head Cause we don't dance no more all we do is cock and spit Dedicated to giving you nothing but thug shit Think we playing, you undoubtable fall further Fuckin with I N C is Murda [DMX] I'm a cruddy nigga, goin raw-doggin dirty bitches and if I get burnt, I'm givin that shit to thirty bitches You say you know a nigga like me, guess again Poppy I might smile up in your face but I ain't your friend Poppy Jump out the fifteen hundred like runnin, niggas don't want it Get it, Done it, when I'm blunted However it went down, I made it happen, made it scrapin I made it fussin, bustin, I made it cappin And lettin off wasn't nothing new to a nigga Something to do to a nigga, Cause you is a fool nigga I know your type, you hype, all up off that fake shit  You can't understand why a man would have to take shit Or steal shit, but this is that real, niggas kill shit, peel shit I hit you in your head you won't feel shit!!! URRUURRRR..... Let the dogs lose on a niggas ass Find out if the niggas faster then the trigger's blast A fucking snake in the truest form  Knowin damn well that what I do is wrong, plus what I do is strong Niggas is makin movies so i gots to stop production I need a block to function and maybe I'll stop destructin The blocks is not for frontin, So let me get that shorty Cause you don't need that shorty you don't know what to do with that shorty You might as well hit this 40, before you hit the floor Another 24, What you want, Money, More!?! Them niggas did it raw, with no condom You find em, sayin sorry he for what he said before I blind them Get the flame out the four fifth, and there aint gonna be no more riff Dog you want a floss tiff, but would of made it to the door if Bullets travled alot slower, and you ran alot faster But they don't and you can't so don't think about after Cause tomorrow ain't comin, so stop runnin  cause you gonna die like a sucker Murder Motherfucker!!! Uh!, where my mother fucking dogs at, Uh, Uh My nigga Jigga, My dog Ja, Irv Gotti, Rough Riders, Def Jam Where my dogs at, Top Fight Uh, Where my dogs at Hold me down baby, Hold me down baby, Hold me down baby Boomer One Love Nigga, URRUURRRR, Murda Motherfucker.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Streets is Watching soundtrack Song: In My Lifetime (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] It's the thought of a ride that make my eyes wide, I'm caught up I'm trying to make, all of my dreams materialize, so I sorta say my goodbyes to the straight and narrow I found a new route, you bout to see my life change I make the means justify the ends, I make the cream materialize keys to a Benz, and so I'm rollin For now, holdin down the fort, who's controllin? The ground's gotta blow em, yep, y'all shoulda told em Uhh, my first felony's approachin, copped my first key Took a freeze, now I'm frozen I bought a black Mac, I'm outta control Losin bankrolls on blackjack, you gotta know it always crossed my mind that Feds be tappin the lines like Gregory Hines Still on the phone discussin my biz like it could never be mines I know the price, know the risk, know the wrongs, and the rights Still my blood flows ice, it's just my life Chorus: What's the meaning, what's the meaning of life? 	*scratched "In my lifetime"* What's the meaning, what's the meaning of life?   *scratched "In my lifetime"* [Jay-Z] I'm like the bass with the ass, splashin cold cash The Big Willie get you chilly when I pass, brrrrrr Is it, just a mirage all these girls thankin God Is this, world my world, am I the star of stars? Baby pimped out, I'm gettin too large and smokin cigars All chicks is hollerin bout chica, the whole city's buzzin wasn't checkin for me a dozen or so, months ago Now I'm all they know, I'm a person Lettin the Cristal's breathe at the Barnacle Bar Under my sleeve, vernacular, 50 G's I'm talkin big cheese, you gotta be down to dig these, uhh Give me a rush like you wouldn't believe, my head's about to bust Acceleratin what drives me, hope I don't gotta die to see, see I can't lie to me I know the price, know the risk, know the wrongs and the rights Still my blood flows ice, it's just my life Chorus 2X [Jay-Z] Uhh, from the beginning see we never seen the ending Running up in all the women, all the linen, all the jewels, huh We sported Pele's, gold diamonds and Pirelli's Sports cars, the good life'll give you a belly but that's cool as I, zone in the Al Capone, watch me cause the Medusa's head on Versace turned me to stone Now my poems just ain't poems, they bloody, when I recite em Bones get disconnected like the phones Now, I'm a hardened criminal with game Like the Garden, all my penpals life controlled by the warden Still the drill makes me blind to the fact I could do real time, I'm a prisoner, of my crimes Know the price, know the risk, know the wrongs and the rights Now I'm, incarcerate for my life Chorus 5X to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Christion f/ Jay-Z Album: Streets is Watching soundtrack Song: Your Love Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Christion.. listen Uhh, Jigga How easy is that? Lame mad cause the game that I, spat at his chick So I had to double back quick, and clap at his click Soon as the smoke cleared, I got back in his *bitch* Tell that man son, I ain't your ave-rage My-rap-is-as-sick-as-it-gets All the while, hand my hand on her, ass and hips Told her, "Let's get gone; listen to Christion" Play full of smoke, take small pulls to choke She almost overdosed, how them cats hold their notes Know that the flow's no joke, mine strictly fold dough And since you over age, and, I'm overpaid We can play in the Rover til the verse is over.. Jay [Christion]	(Bring back your love) Bring back your love babe [Jay-Z]		For the color y'all (bring back your love) Funk dat [Christion]	Bring back your love [Jay-Z]		(Bring back your love) Geyeah [Christion]	Bring back your love babe [Jay-Z]		Right, for the color y'all (bring back your love) uh [Christion]	Bring back your love (two, three) [Jay-Z]		Turn that up.. uh-huh [Christion] I... uhh, think of you late at night (uh-huh) love that's all I do Tell me why (uh-huh, Jigga, uh-huh) do you have to leave Love me lady (uh) c'mon (uh) bring it back to meee.. [Jay-Z]		For the color (bring back your love) yea [Christion]	Bring back your love bab-ay [Jay-Z]		(Bring back your love) yea [Christion]	Begging you bring it back to meee [Jay-Z]		(Bring back your love) Uh-huh, Who You Wit [Christion]	Uh-huh, baby come on back [Jay-Z]		(Bring back your love) Oh yea [Christion]	Bring back your love [Jay-Z]		Yeah, yeah, pause .. Who You Wit [Christion] Love (uh-huh), is a funny thing When I'm with your babe (gi geya) you make my heart sing It's so cold .. it's so colllld .. inside my bed Come back home (yea) .. come back home .. because I don't wanna fuss and fight (Funk dat) Baby I wanna talk, about you and me This ain't the way it's 'sposed to be I don't wanna be alone, so bring back your love [Jay-Z]		Uh, uh, uh (bring back your love) Yea [Christion]	Do you wanna hear me beg baby [Jay-Z]		Uh-huh uh uh (bring back your love) [Christion]	I said please, pleasse, please! [Jay-Z]		Listen (bring back your love) you hear me? [Christion]	Don't you wanna come back home to me? [Jay-Z]		Listen (bring back your love) feel this, yea [Christion]	Bring back your lovin baby [Jay-Z]		Uh-huh-uh-huh-uh-huh-uh-huh (bring back your love) [Christion]	Everytime I close my eyes, I, think, bout you, babe [Jay-Z]		Uh-huh-uh-huh-uh-huh (bring back your love) right [Christion]	Baby since you said goodbye; it's all I do [Jay-Z]		Listen! (bring back your love) .. Funk dat [Christion]	Baby I just can't go on like this [Jay-Z]		Funk dat (bring back your love) uhh [Christion]	I miss your kiss baby [Jay-Z]		Funk dat (bring back your love) uhh [Christion]	Bring back your love [Jay-Z]		Uh-huh (bring back your love) [Christion]	Come back, come back [Jay-Z] Yea (bring back your love) I mean don't, don't hate, congratulate It's all good though (bring back your love) Roc-a-Fella incorporated, you know? Enterprise baby, enterprise -- feel that? Listen! Uh-huh, uh-huh-uh Christion, Jigga, how easy is that? Yea! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Team Roc f/ Jay-Z, Memphis Bleek, Sauce Money, Wais Album: Streets is Watching soundtrack Song: Celebration Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [hispanic voice same as "Intro" from _In My Lifetime, Vol. 1_] What you think you like me? You ain't like me *motherfucker* You a punk I been with MADE people.. CONNEC-TED people Who you been wit? Chain snatchin, jive-ass, maricon *motherfuckers* Why don't you go get lost Get out of here, go kick a freestyle or somethin [Jay-Z] You're now tuned into the greatest *Motherfuckers* can't beat us, join us, can't fade us, hate us Can't touch it, *fuck it*, can't see em, try to be em Both shows sold out your coliseum, 8th Wonder Locked rap for trey summers, poker faces with the aces under Face one up, to take over, the break's over *Nigga* I'm the God MC, me, Jay-hovah *Shit* knockin, almost a crime, get Cochran Bangin to the hearse where my doctors hand hot land, FBI, DEA, I did crime, got away They wanna see me pay, *motherfuckers* better ride if they try to plant, under the seat of my car even a half a gram, better flame those, plainclothes Same goes for lame hoes, cocaine rapper Rep ya game pros [Wais] We celebrate this, while you sittin back screamin you hate this Try to rape this, get caught in my crime matrix Spittin sperm inside of latex You get, no respect like a child rapist Delegate this, men just givin facelifts Leave your melon spacious, career felon, no hiatus nor Ceasar's, the CIA flooded my block with diseases Informants, heating the spot up like global warming Who start *shit*? My style is laced with arsenic Odorless tasteless, cause of death is traceless I know you wanna see me wasted You call the order, I'll be in Hell Team Roc sweater and ice water Righteous, dominate the global, my life's a novel blazin in Barnes and Noble, idolize the vocals Y'all niggaz is local but that's evident I'm Resident Evil, movin like ? [Memphis Bleek] Millionaire that flow like water, rap *niggaz* runnin I, oughta applaud ya, clap at ya Point the Mac at ya, *niggaz* caught up Brought up in the rapture, my flows torture like a compound fracture, can't *fuck* widdit For the love of sex money and drugs Affiliated with the sets Tecs honies and thugs Let the four power, rain on *niggaz* like a spring shower and bring flowers for the bodies that surround us If you was lookin you found us Movin with speed, tried to play Superman ended up like Chris Reeves Parapalegic, precise minds like the Pharoah's of Egypt Shot through a barrel *niggaz* narrowly weaved it Keepin my Team top seeded with the Sweet 16's bulgin out of my jeans, on the ten-speed weeded Holdin, ? shots with you like a secret It's like a story never told, but believe it... [Sauce Money] Street anthem anchor, quick to trade shots just like a banker Lick a round, *niggaz* hit the ground like Sanka I got ya screwface in forty-two ways, Aim better than toothpaste, Jerry Maguire "Show Me The Money" like Clue tapes Run up in your spot with a few eights, zonin Known men, home in, all of my homies condone sin Four shots spin ya like chrome rims Put a part right through your dome like the Omen, foamin White sheets got ya wrapped like a Roman Back in New York, honey wants it, just spit blood and talk funny *Niggaz* is cartoons, picture styles that's fully developed like dark rooms, hits fat, cub with a harpoon Heat-seekin, grill huntin, still frontin? Keep squeezin, *fuck it*, I leave the whole street wheezing No *motherfuckers* hope I fail, and gotta provoke the frail Got em scared to drop like soap in jail [Jay-Z] Geyeah, there you have it Just think of ours as can't be touched, tested, whatever Never disrespect this thing of ours Roc-a-Fella family The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Boo & Gotti Album: 20 Bag Shorty (CD Single Import) Song: 20 Bag Shorty Typed by: DRsillest@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Jay-Z] No more reason I gotta prove to be da illest MC Somthing's wrong wit ya motor skills cause y'all ain't movin me I'm who you see musically when you want it done hot Comparin' you to me is a lesson in futility stop I paint pictures beautifully but niggaz is near sighted Don't worry about plagerist it'll take em years to bite it Which the greatest fears I don't write it It just appears outta nowhere like the information contain by the physic Like it or not I pay dues and expect to be paid back Why da fuck should I freestyle I'm gettin paid to rap I sling a track laid back almost till it's a sin Tell ya god somebody's doin a good job impersonatin' him J-Hova spittin game from da range rover What tha fuck is y'all doin in da third lane get over Slow ya rode up I got it sewed up like a tella Relatively easy like jerry hella Cream is cherry vanilla got chicks in da telli Belly up soundin like mayhelia tryna tell y'all Y'all know da style burn da town Down and change the locale I'm doin da same shit except its legit [Chorus: repeat 2X] Got a twenty cart shorty better play that shit You owe me twenty baby better pay that shit Got twenty bag son better blaze that shit They said I wasn't seeing twenty but I made dat shit [Gotti] Pimp Gotti get da dues in them double down Like them kids with tips who tops down Bricks who get money quick see me representin bomb city on da bill block rockin' mic's Before they get a mill I sold pills all night The illest outta life got my mind on fate Cause even on tour nigga still ain't safe I keep a tre eight on my left smoke a L for stress countin dirt bag lex I be da X like malcom puff for now dunn east side represent wit tons of guns You keep it real where you from Cause where you at might put da dagger in yo back Its like livin wit yo homey that be on crack And fact my niggaz know my styles phat like hoes in da El Dorado My mind toatin fuck em duck em Any thing but da main gun I don't trust em [Boo] Move wit da nigga huh from man chilla Burge shit word shit I slpurge big scrilla Observe when you work spit bird shit killah Not to be purterb with...herb shit deala Can make me feel y'all foreal ya tock ticking Bust a rapper bust a cap hustler stop flinching You fresh off the corner calling dog shit brog shit Soon as you feel that sog shit you be like oh shit (stoooooop) Broke niggaz resort the glass looking Opposite the track ass whooping Opposite the black class hooker the fat ass fooker Triple your cash criple your stash pass shooker The past ain't never the last to teach lessons My peeps fucking up in the streets keep guessing Brew don't becomming a preach I be blessing Lotta kids commmin out da wrong way like sea sections Know da bro gone flow even if it cross shorts Fuck weed cop coke cause da shit cost more But niggaz say I floss to much but when I take it off and such they say I lost my touch Those bitches like the money I wear What its funny how they stare Dumb bunnies with they cunnin' little glare Shorty let me see the tail if its really that shittin She hit me with a felion a young pair kitten My boy hit that shit now every body smitten Even holdin snow balls and I ain't talkin bout mittens what I talkin bout mittens foreal The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Freeway Album: 8 Mile Soundtrack Song: 8 Miles and Running Typed by: Noitacguht@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Jay-Z] Yeah, Renegades is back Em the B the sick It's Young, Freeway, 8 Miles, let's go 8 miles and running, got my 7th album droppin' And my 8th album comin', feedin' a thousand growlin' stomachs But I can rewind the calendar back, back when it was now or nothin' People said I would amount to nothin', that I had talent for nothin' Said I would succumb to violence or be silenced by your gunmen I could just hear the folks now, "He got what he had coming" Now that my eighth album's comin' everybody's smilin' Wantin' something, claimin' that they done something for him Got their Jay-Z pom poms and their whole uniform Claimin' they been runnin' and tellin' everybody like Martin Lawerence 'Bout how hot my rap performance was before I was who I was Claimin' that they threw it up before I threw it up You what? Where was you before I blew this up? I didn't see you in the courtroom when everybody was suin' us I didn't see you in all black when everybody was suitin' up Back on the block, gettin' it in, there wasn't no you with us [Chorus: Jay-Z] 8 miles and running, got my 7th album droppin' And my 8th album comin', feedin' a thousand growlin' stomachs, Free [Freeway] 6 miles and running, got my fist strip poppin' And my first album comin', feedin' twenty growlin' stomachs [Jay-Z] 8 miles and running, got my 7th album droppin' And my 8th album comin', feedin' a thousand growlin' stomachs, Free [Freeway] 6 miles and running, got my fist strip poppin' And my first album comin', feedin' twenty growlin' stomachs [Freeway] 6 miles and running in the Pontiac Six thousand eighty six, trans might shift while the engine run Anyone tell ya rider give me one more chance Hear them smokers screamin' "One more gram" So I'ma bring 'em one Homie, son, and my pop, stick close to my MOMMA Keep toasters for DRAMA, mix a lot with my son My son growin' and he learnin' a lot That's when them toasters will the burners will pop, brain on ya own Well a nigga, tell 'em niggas That's like the biblical scripture Look back, turn assault like the sin is in Most of ya heartless and self-centered like "Me Shaq and me Shaq" Set up ya brother cuz you jealous nigga The heat back, like you never left I ever rep, cops watch every step Six miles and running dodgin' every trap The rap gingerbread man, cheer us up You precious breath, State P the second attack [Jay-Z] Back when nobody would found he had talent, nobody would sign me Nobody believed in me, nobody but mommy blindly But how can she deny me? Me being the youngest runt To come up outta her tummy, she got nothin' but love for me When niggas would want me, the industry shunned me That's why I'm takin' all the industry's money Revenge is sweet honey, we run this Young is the illsest, Free is the future Bean's and Bleek is right now, we can see our 8 miles nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: A Billi Single Song: A Billi Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*set to the same beat as Lil Wayne's "A Milli"*} [Jay-Z] Guru turn this shit up (OW!) I know a million people already did this Let's make it a billion Get busy, happy birthday my nigga Geah, a billi, a billi, a billi a billionaire Call me Philly Collins, I feel a billion is in the air I affiliate, with Billy Cakes, that's my pair And Jah-ma-nillionaire is my consigliere When I wear, Billionaire, Boys Clubs it's more than care I don't wear it cause Pharrell, I wear it cause I'm fo'real {*I SEE DEAD PEOPLE*} I see Benjamins and a billion other big head people I'm a natural born hustler, Marcy Projects motherfucker Turned professional journalist reportin, live from the gutter My girl, carry boxcutters, rubbers, shoot up with undercovers screamin FUCK THE WORLD, why, cause, don't nobody love us Shawn Carter, Sean Bell, what's the difference? Do tell 50 shots or 50 mill', ain't no difference go to hell So, BRRRAK, lick a shot for, BRRRACK Obama, change gon' come-ah I'ma buy the whole hood llamas on me Roc nation army, million strong and the mantra's gon' be It is whatever it's gon' be, on three Shawn, in the Hum V, y'all can call it cold warm Declarin, I'm free, bumpin 'Pac and the Outlawz I'm flyer than all outdoors, I ball out pours I buy, champagne companies, I'm past buyin out bars But I do that, I'm so past, G5's and G4's But I flew, back, back and forth like Aaliyah (rest in peace to ya) Takes a nation of millions to hold us back But when your boy reach a billion it's a wrap (off of RAP?) YEAH! Roc nation it takes a nation to stop I'm signin off, it's the hood's Barack, BRRRACK! Motherfucker I'm ill! Motherfucker I'm ill The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Ain't I 12" Song: Ain't I Typed by: Burnsidebadboy1985@yahoo.com Yeah man, it's the world famous, DJ Clue Desert Storm Jigga-man's in the building... It's ya boy H-O, World's number one DJ DJ Clue, Tear down the world and the radio Jigga-man, ya heard me? Ain't I? I'mma... I'mma... I'mma I'mma hustlers hustler A gangsters gangster I'mma rappers rapper Your favorite, ain't I Ain't I, Ain't I, Ain't I I'mma hustlers hustler A gangsters gangster I'mma rappers rapper Your favorite, ain't I Ain't I, Ain't I, Ain't I I'm still winnin' and I'm no where near finished It's just the first inning, and I'm gunning for the pennant And I been this, God made me, y'all hate me, y'all A-the-ist Ya'll safety is at risk It's the return of the messiah One and only Hov Nah I ain't God, but I've been made in his mold So when the story is told let it be said I refuse to fold I only fold bread, I stood for the best, I owed no debt I represent the hood 'til my dying breathe I took a pay cut to become an exec So the next muh-fucka can earn his paycheck. And even though these niggas talk greasy 'bout me Ask these niggas how they 'gon eat without me. Ask these niggas if they want stets involved And even if they don't like me, they respect the God... I'mma hustlers hustler A gangsters gangster I'mma rappers rapper Your favorite, ain't I Ain't I, Ain't I, Ain't I I'mma hustlers hustler A gangsters gangster I'mma rappers rapper Your favorite, Ain't I Ain't I, Ain't I, Ain't I I'm Hustlers poster child, I'm 'posed to style I ain't got nothin' to prove I'm 'posed to smile I ain't insecure, I'm 'vested in a piece of Carol's Daughter I'm in Sephora Bricks are insignificant to him He's a grown man, you're an infant to him Take your baby money and burn, T-Ha I spent that on furniture I got warhols on my halls walls! I got Basquiats in the lobby of my spot! I'm so sophisticatedly hood, S.Carter cashmere premium goods Thousand dollars for the sneaks Timbo on the track Two-Fifty for the beat, G4 back and forth 'til my flow seats I spent a couple mil just to lose to the heat... I'mma hustlers hustler A gangsters gangster I'mma rappers rapper Your favorite, ain't I Ain't I, Ain't I, Ain't I I'mma hustlers hustler A gangsters gangster I'mma rappers rapper Your favorite, ain't I Ain't I, Ain't I, Ain't I Anything you aspire, to acquire I got Any gun you say, you fired, I shot Any type of paraphenalia, I am the seller I guess you're sayin' that's how I started Roc-A-Fella Feds all fed up DEA can't tell the dirty money from a Roc-A-Wear sweater. And I'm never ever going back, back Oh never that, never that And I'm never ever going back, back Oh never that, oh never that And I'm never ever going back, back Oh never that, oh never that And I'm never ever going back, back Oh never that, oh never that And I'm never ever going back, back Oh never that, oh never that And I'm never ever going back, back Oh never that, oh never that And I'm never ever going back, back Oh never that, oh never that And I'm never ever going back, back Oh never that Whoever rap, you be doin' that for practice nigga I'm in a twelve step program I ain't touched drugs in so long, I'mma sober man I'm clean as a whistle, official gotta way I'm the king of all kings, it's official I'mma hustlers hustler A gangsters gangster I'mma rappers rapper Your favorite, ain't I Ain't I, Ain't I, Ain't I I'mma hustlers hustler A gangsters gangster I'mma rappers rapper Your favorite, ain't I Ain't I, Ain't I, Ain't I Well ain't I? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: City is Mine 12" Song: A Million and 1 Questions (Extended) Typed by: I3omb1st@AOL.COM Jay-Z: I did it again niggaz Fucked up, right? ha, I know I know what y'all niggaz asking yourself He gonna ever fall off? No... ...lot of speculation on the monies I've made, honeys I've slayed How is he for real? Is that nigga really paid? Hustlers I've met or, dealt with direct Is it true he slay the beef and slept with a tech? What's the position you hold? Can you really match a triple platinum artist buck by buck by only a single goin gold? Roc-A-Fella ship fold, and you're left out in the cold Is it back to charging motherfuckers 11 for an O For the millionth time askin me Questions like Wendy Williams, harrassin me then get upset when I catch feelings Can I get a minute to breathe? And in that minute you leave While I'm looking at my Rol' ice spinnin on my sleeve Uggh, nice watch, do you really have a spot? Like you said in Friend or Foe and if so, what block? What you doin in L.A., with phillipinos and ese's Latinos and Cheve's, down by Pico withh Frederico I answer all your questions but then y'all got to go Now the question I ask you is how bad you want to know? BLAOW! uh-huh uh uh uh uh-huh uh-huh, How we do? What? uh-huh uh uh uh uh-huh uh-huh, How we do? '98 Primo remix and ain't nothing different I don't kow what the hell niggas been snifin' Jiggas still dippin Chrome on the whips and 4 days out the week find me in the kitchen Still in the game nigga, hooked like glue Popie gave me one pie, but it cook like two I'm a crook like you, Cats around my way was buyin brand new whips and shit, what could I do? Know when I'm supposed to style, I'm the huster's poster child, Rock lizards and crock-a-dile Live ironic and what-not Put all that ice on the face of a watch just to make it hot Now you see me on them stages Rocks in the air lookin' like Blue Lasers, Never fool gazers Act couragous, I smack 'em wit da two aces Mack double one, nigga I'm troublesome All I got for chicks hard dick and bubble gum Flip bricks like Fred, Barney Rubble and thum It's the Rock-A-Fella click, What's Fucked up wit' thum? Not a damn thang nigga, we doin our damn thing.. BLAOW!!! uh-huh uh uh uh uh-huh uh-huh, How we do? Come on.... Radio Announcer: Sounds so beautiful, Don't you agree ladies and gentlemen?? (Music Changes) Jay-Z: HA! Well they call me Jay-hovah cause the flow is religious Ever since I was 16 I been holding digits I'm seeing this industry clearer As if I had coke in the trunk and cops in the rear mirror I slow flows all to death, So ya'll ho's know whos best, Jigga!! The flow be ipendito, for the mama's I hable espanol nikito O-et-te I got timing like a subway, now holla back ba-by Uh-huh-huh Jay-Z, you motha fuckin right in the darkest nights let off my gun for light To guide ya'll through, show you how it's done I'm the question and the answer like Iverson Jets be private ones, no gate to lift So when I take flight it's from Hanger 6 Bang wit this, Wake up wit one in your brain and the cocaine flows straight, numbin your pain This ain't your speed young man, run in your lane So I can come through doin a hundred and change I put one in your frame picture that, Who's runnin the game Let's get to that I guess we one in the same, A Million and One Once Again Novacane flow, ho you ain't know Like a balla in an Impalla Jigga remain Low Then I pop up and tear your block up and kick off like soccer In a range rove twist ho's like ankles, Till the next time Poppa I hit ya'll with a million more The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z, Lord Tariq, Nas Album: Analyze This 12" * Song: Analyze This Typed by: PhiladeLfigga@yahoo.com * the Jay-Z and Tariq verses are from Shaquille O'Neal's "No Love Lost" what the hell...what the hell... check check check check it out what the hell...what the hell... [Chorus 1 - Lord Tariq] People know me on these streets player, I ain't new Lookin at me all funny, while I'm countin my money Suprise, what I do is already legalized Analyze what I toss across, ain't no love lost [Jay-Z] Fo' sure, everythings for dough now flow, you gotta pay a little more now It's platinum, now a days we put the gold down We stepped it up, y'all don't ever want a showdown Get wetted up by the sleeve that leave the Bezzle out Y'all don't like it? Sue me, fuck I'll settle out Ghetto'd out in the vehicle Bent These days I mellowed out, see success make a fella content Uh-huh, you know, this rap star, Poppy Chulo Jay-Z, Hugo, of course player you lost player I know you rappers wanna see me fail But quick to see a 600SL be twelve Live wit it, y'all got dough to get get it I got mine, your little bit of money couldn't stop mine Your block time, too hot, too many hands in your pie Seventy thirty, the nigga you work for work for me Bottom line [Chorus 2 - Jay-Z] People know me on these streets and the towns I been through Lookin at me, stay focused, I'm givin em straight poker suprise What I do is already legalized Analyze how I floss of course, ain't no love lost [Lord Tariq] We be the Bronx to BK'lyn, togethor we about a ton or better on the way in, we rhyme related, very underestimated That's why I'm winnin in this world of sins Steady grinnin, money boss spendin Distant from dirty women, Lord, I'm quite influencial Spiritualy and mental, what you into I done been through Preachin my words and don't know what you owe It shows you wanna be me, but won't show it Ain't nothin changed, but players, the game remains the same I had a ten year run, hey I can't complain Took the next step see, from Coke to Pepsi From the bx weed, ridin the south beach on jet-ski Play to survive, you ain't live you just livin You breathin a good one, but where I'm from, y'all forbidden Come around, bad decision, you rather be in prison aint' no duckin what I'm deliverin won't be forgivin in Layin there shiverin, half the night You gotta walk toward the light, everything is aiight I make sure everything you endure stays tight Big (*boom*) Lord Tariq, Jay-Z, outta sight [Chorus 1] [Nas] I spend nights on corners, see the crack, cop my first mac No longer scared to pump what y'all pump, now I burst back It hurts that, don't seem cream can make my purse fat Without the benefits of a doubt, I hit the hearst black But curse that, tryin to see Nas was your worst match Blowin like Tahitii, throw off NYPD Am I greedy? like I mean EDC me In a fly Salinii gimme frames in the beanie I flip my loot twice a week on my most trifest streets You got no right to eat by the laws of life you keep Ain't no love lost, none taken, none givin Stressin how I'm livin it, thinkin when my loot first came look what I did with it, bought my click glaciers and pagers, rollin ten deep to Las Vegas Copped a live croc, chopped it up, hit my block off wit gators, feedin peoples, from the bridge to Dequatas But now, two years five months and 30 days later I still put out the street flavor But watch that kid right there, a bulge in his night wear Awoke me up the ways I used to be in my heist years Bubble eye small fry loaded four five just thirstin for some person with shine to just walk by Now that I can see the 360, now that its me thats jiggy them cooly heads they wanna stick me, whoa The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Anything CD Single (European Import) Song: People's Court Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Jigga Biatch Yeah Fuck Judge Wapner It's Jigga Ya heard? Y'all niggas in violation of Playa-Hatin Code Section 1001 [ VERSE 1 ] Yo, I gives a fuck if you traumed up Dom Perrignon'ed up Niggas from where want what? One slip'll get your cherry bombed up I got heavy arm And my niggas Homicide and Deadly Calm in the cut B, test your dumb blonde luck Fuck with the wrong one Shawn Gun, harm one, two Fuck y'all wan' do? Bastards, niggas know I blast quick As if y'all had to ask - shit Get your ass twist It's the rap's El Nio, get your brain splitted And I don't like pussy well enough to hang with it You ain't with it, same shit, they Can't fuck with the languaddage Soon as the slang's spitted If you came you get it Plain as a game with them thangs with it On co-sign and the whole nine Leave you where I find yo ass - lost with no signs You're so wrong I'm the last nigga to roll on Got a vest on, went to Folsom When you guess wrong I'ma press one Muthafucka [ CHORUS ] Fuck the judge, fuck the jury When you're warin with me It's People's Court, we hold court in the street I gives a fuck about the D.A. When you see Jay Better crawl for your heat It's People's Court, we hold court in the street Ya heard me? Fuck the judge, fuck the jury When you're warin with me It's People's Court, we hold court in the street I gives a shit about the plaintiff Nigga, dangerous, watch your langauge with me It's People's Court, we hold court in the street [ VERSE 2 ] I give a shit if it's small claims like stealin your bitch Or if it's Supreme Court like stealin your bricks Look, my guns is all-range, more pain Indifferential, whether you're big money or small change When I cock it - ball game My pistals never miss-trial, here's the determent With no chance of parole bullets comin concurrent I'm like "Why, nigga, try Jigga?" You must remember It's like bein on trial for your life with a public defender Let the jury fill the seats up and start the court calendar off With docu number 9mm All rise... The Honourable Jay-Z presides Instead of a mallet I hold a tool All objections over-ruled Say your opening arguments, hope you understand it Two guns, right over left, that's how I cross-examine Like Tom Cruise, popppin with the _Top Gun_ you lose Jigga's no lie, and y'all can't handle the truth [ CHORUS ] [ VERSE 3 ] No flow's sicker, no cell can hold Jigga Since I dropped 'Reasonable Doubt' no cocaine convictors No contest in a rhyme fest, I'm best Under oath raise my hand, and I spit it - honest Know our facts for real 'fore y'all decide to act ill When you blow trial ain't no comin back on the pill It's Murder One, bail set at a half a mill It's Murder One, for you backwards muthafuckas: red-rum Committ hate crimes, fake crimes, I hold in contempt You get state time for fakin like you greater than Him So cop a plea to lessen charges, pay your fine at the Desk Sergeant Say you're sorry, then - take your property I be sho' defended, flow splendid, no co-defendant While you niggas hold trial with no motions in it Three time felon, third album, lockin it down for the term Of 'Lifetime', Vol. 2, nigga, court is adjourned [ CHORUS ] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Bad Boys II Soundtrack Song: La, La, La (Excuse Me Again) * Typed by: YoungC216@aol.com * includes extra lyrics not on "Blueprint 2.1" [Jay-Z] Whooo! Whooo! Memph Bleek always smoking that La, La, La Beanie Sigel always smoking that La, La, La Neptunes track smoke like La, La, La It's the ROC baby sing our Lulla-Bye (C'mon) Excuse me miss, I'm the shit You should come, hang with me, basically Hold up, skip all the singing let's get right tonight Mami [Verse 1] I know my English ain't as modest as you like But come, get some you little bums I take the cake from under the bakers thumb I bake the cake and two it up from one Then I moved to weight like I'm Oprah's son Uh, I show you how to do this son Young don't mess with chicks in Burberry Patterns Fake Manolo's boots straight from Steve Madden He tatted his-self, the rap J.F.K. You wanna pass for my Jaqueline, Onassis, then Hop ya ass out that S-Class Lay back in the Maybach, roll the best grass, I ask Have you in your long-legged life Ever seen a watch surrounded by this much pink ice Look but don't touch, muthafucka think twice Cuz this gat that I clutch gotta little red light Need a light? (To smoke that La, La, La) [Chorus 2] Beanie Sigel always smoking that La, La, La Memph Bleek always smoking that La, La, La It's the ROC mami sing our Lulla-Bye C'mon Excuse me miss, I'm the shit You should come, hang with me, basically Hold up, skip all the singing let's get right tonight Mami [Verse 2] We got brothers full of Army, Mami's in Manolo Bags by Chanel or Louis Vuitton logo's All attracted to Hov because they know dough When they see him, whips be European If your a 10 chances your with him If your a 5 you know you ridin' with them Sick with the pen nigga no physician, in the world could fix him No prescription, you can prescribe to subside his affliction He's not a sane man, he's more like the Rain Man twitchin' You can't Reign Dance on this picnic No Haitian voodoo, no headless chickens Can dead or sickness, no Quiji board You can't see me dawg, nigga ya CB-4 This ain't Chris Rock bitch, it's the ROC bitch And I'm the Franchise like the Houston Rocket, Yah' Mean [Chorus 3] Still smokin' that La, La, La Memph Bleek still smokin' that La, La, La Beanie Sigel Desert Eagle the .45 It's the ROC baby sing our Lulla-Bye C'mon Excuse me miss, I'm the shit You should come, hang with me, basically Hold up, skip all the singing let's get right tonight Mami [Verse 3] Forget English, talk body language I be all over mami's like body paintigs Pink Diamond necklace, strawberry wrist Please excuse yourself, your very sick Don't confuse me with Marbury out this bitch Run up on me at the light, you could lose your life Muthafucka's must be smokin' they La, La, La with crack .45 gun smoke, choke off that Let's get back to the music, I ain't with all that Plus the fedz tappin' my music, yall get all that? I'm THEE! public industry #1 Public industry #2 is my whole crew (R.O.C.!) Now I ain't down with who like me or who like you That's gay, I ain't into liking dudes no way But get a pen, I can tell you pricks my plans for the future I never make the news again, my man 'll shoot ya [Chorus 3] As we, smoke that La, La, La Memph Bleek still smokin' that La, La, La Beanie Sigel Desert Eagle the .45 It's the ROC bitch sing our Lulla-Bye C'mon Excuse me miss, I'm the shit You should come, hang with me, basically Hold up, skip all the singing let's get right tonight Mami [Pharrell Williams {ad libs}] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ U.G.K. Album: Big Pimpin' (Radio/Video) single Song: Big Pimpin' (Extended) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, cmbillionaire13@aol.com [Jay-Z] Uhh, uh uh uh It's big pimpin baby.. It's big pimpin, spendin G's Feel me.. uh-huh uhh, uh-huh.. Ge-ge-geyeah, geyeah Ge-ge-geyeah, geyeah.. You know I - thug em, fuck em, love em, leave em Cause I don't fuckin need em Take em out the hood, keep em lookin good But I don't fuckin feed em First time they fuss I'm breezin Talkin bout, "What's the reasons?" I'm a pimp in every sense of the word, bitch Better trust than believe em In the cut where I keep em til I need a nut, til I need to beat the guts Then it's, beep beep and I'm pickin em up Let em play with the dick in the truck Many chicks wanna put Jigga fist in cuffs Divorce him and split his bucks Just because you got good head, I'ma break bread so you can be livin it up? Shit I.. parts with nothin, y'all be frontin Me give my heart to a woman? Not for nothin, never happen I'll be forever mackin Heart cold as assassins, I got no passion I got no patience And I hate waitin.. Hoe get yo' ass in And let's RI-I-I-I-I-IDE.. check em out now RI-I-I-I-I-IDE, yeah And let's RI-I-I-I-I-IDE.. check em out now RI-I-I-I-I-IDE, yeah Chorus One: Jay-Z We doin.. big pimpin, we spendin cheese Check em out now Big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s We doin.. big pimpin up in N.Y.C. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B Yo yo yo.. big pimpin, spendin cheese We doin - big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s We doin.. big pimpin up in N.Y.C. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B [Bun B] Nigga it's the - big Southern rap impresario Comin straight up out the black bar-rio Makes a mill' up off a sorry hoe Then sit back and peep my sce-nawr-e-oh Oops, my bad, that's my scenario No I can't fuck a scary hoe Now every time, every place, everywhere we go Hoes start pointin - they say, "There he go!" Now these motherfuckers know we carry mo' heat than a little bit We don't pull it out over little shit And if you catch a lick when I spit, then it won't be a little hit Go read a book you illiterate son of a bitch and step up yo' vocab Don't be surprised if yo' hoe stab out with me and you see us comin down on yo' slab Livin ghetto-fabulous, so mad, you just can't take it But nigga if you hatin I then you wait while I get yo' bitch butt-naked, just break it You gotta pay like you weigh wet wit two pairs of clothes on Now get yo' ass to the back as I'm flyin to the track  Timbaland let me spit my pro's on Pump it up in the pro-zone That's the track that we breakin these hoes on Ain't the track that we flow's on But when shit get hot, then the glock start poppin like ozone We keep hoes crunk like Trigger-man Fo' real it don't get no bigger man Don't trip, let's flip, gettin throwed on the flip Gettin blowed with the motherfuckin Jigga Man, fool Chorus Two: Bun B We be.. big pimpin, spendin cheese We be.. big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s We be.. big pimpin down in P.A.T. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B Cause we be.. big pimpin, spendin cheese And we be.. big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s Cause we be.. big pimpin in P.A.T. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B.. nigga [Pimp C] Uhh.. smokin out, throwin up, keepin lean up in my cup All my car got leather and wood, in my hood we call it buck Everybody wanna ball, holla at broads at the mall If he up, watch him fall, nigga I can't fuck witch'all If I wasn't rappin baby, I would still be ridin Mercedes Chromin shinin sippin daily, no rest until whitey pay me Uhhh, now what y'all know bout them Texas boys Comin down in candied toys, smokin weed and talkin noise Chorus Two [Jay-Z] On a canopy my stamina be enough for Pamela Anderson Lee MTV jam of the week  Made my money quick then back to the streets but Still sittin on blades... sippin that ray... Standin on the corner of my block hustlin Still gettin that cane half what I paid slippin right through customs It'll sell by night its extra white... I got so many grams if the man find out  it will land me in jail for life  But im still big pimpin spendin chesse  with B.U.N. B, Pimp C, and Timothy We got bitches in the back of the truck, laughin it up Jigga Man that's what's up Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Black Gangsta soundtrack Song: This Life Forever Typed by: TR1N1T@aol.com Uh-huh Blackhand Ent. Roc-a-Fella Records In association with the streets The Black Gangster In conjunction With everything official Yeah I ride throught the ghetto windows down halfway Halfway out of my mind music on 9, blasting Donny Hathaway Me and my niggas spending half the day Plotting, how we gon get this math with out getting balst away I wake up to the same problems after today Life is harsh, niggas gotta ? Right from the start they place me in the ghetto tender age of nine I tend to mine and to surrender to crime Wouldnt wish this on nobody like the end of like mine Ever since i was quite young a nigga been in divine Had to scratch for every plaque, rap aint even all its cracked up to be Niggas dont stack up to me Had to hustle in a world of trouble  trapped in, clostrophobic the only way out was rapping America dont understand it, the demographics i tapped in I'm the truest nigga to do this nigga and anything else is foolish Like those who stay high, under God's grey skies My lyrics is like Bible, made to save lives In the midst of all your misery nigga, stay fly Never let em see you frown, even smile when you down Shit, i floss on my off-days fuck what they all say Niggas cant stop me like rumors, i'm too strong  All-day Socks explode and sweatpants pockets is bulging Holding it down on the corner with my glock holding My spot is golden, drop the price on the coke and Drove the competition out and let the dough flow in The cops is closing in, i can do the time  But whats really on my mine, is there's no hoes in the pen I play the low and try and make it hard to find me Feds still tryna build a case since '93 I told them, i'm retired but they like whatever You know them pigs dont wanna see you get your life together Chorus: I'm stuck in this life forever The more things change the more they stay the same Who am i to change the game? You gotta move quick like her-o-in and dope can The blocks hotter than its ever been Once again Hold the gun at eye level, i aint afraid of conflict I let the nine rip, nigga say "hi" to the devil I blind with the bezel, i'm in line with the ghetto What yall nigga afraid of my mind or the metal Niggas tryna subtract my life, my mathematics is precise I carry the nine, so fucking with me just aint the answer I cant lose when i was young i was like Fresh Poppa raised me to chess moves And though your gone i'm not bitter you left me prepared We got divided by the years, but i got it from here Dont sweat that, sounds bump from Marcy to Lefrak To that pocket in DC where my man caught his death at Over my years i've seen Rooks get tooken by the Knight Lose they Crown by tryna defend a Queen Checkmate, in 4 moves the Bobby Fischer of rap ??? in a time where we all move Lets face it either your dough chasin, or basing Lacing, cops got your face sprung like mason Careful, any infultration i'm leaving niggas  Leaving more than just information Chorus Uh Real shit The Black Gangsta Blackhand Ent. Roc a Fella Never interrupt this thing of ours The Black Ganagsa Jigga Hova Roll with me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Blow the Whistle 12" Song: Blow the Whistle Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] Hey nigga I was in Oakland, Oakland like Brooklyn Short! Dog! Yay area!!! They showed me so much love when I was down there I had to get hyphy on this one [Verse 1] Uh! Ask my nigga Lebron! We so big we ain't gotta respond When you talkin to a don, please have respect like your talkin to your mom We let the money do the talkin As you see we be talkin rather often (chatterbox!) The ROC Boys in the buildin Another hundred fifty million don't it sound like we yellin?!!! Who the fuck overrated?! If anything they underpaid him Hatin that's only 'gon make him spend the night Out of spite with the chick you've been datin We the best of the best We 'gon be here so the rest could take a rest I gotta get this off my chest No pause none of that shit, get off my dick!!!! [Chorus]: (Chorus courtesy originally done by Too $hort "Blow The Whistle) BLOW THE WHISTLE!!! BLOW THE WHISTLE!!! BLOW THE WHISTLE!!! BLOW THE WHISTLE!!! [Verse 2] Hold up, I gotta keep it real It's gonna take seven movies by Will Seven movies by twenty mil' and you still ten short from what I did with one deal (DAMN!) Don't compare me to nobody I'd rather not be mentioned, I'm offended Unless you talkin Sinatra, James Dean or John Lennon (or) or Jimi Hendrix I'm just a rock star, BEEYITCH!! Keep it real, you know I got y'all BEEYITCH!! We ain't in the same league You could lie to yourself, you can't lie to me (uh-uh, uh-uh!) I don't even know y'all name I'm too big for ya, the rap Lebron James Roc Nation, the new movement And y'all money funny, what the fuck are YOOOU DOING?? I don't know what y'all on This is chess - know the difference 'tween the king and the pawn [Chorus]: (Chorus courtesy originally done by Too $hort "Blow The Whistle) BLOW THE WHISTLE!!! BLOW THE WHISTLE!!! BLOW THE WHISTLE!!! BLOW THE WHISTLE!!! Blow the whistle! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter/Blue Streak Soundtrack Song: Girl's Best Friend Typed by: jan@88hiphop.com Jigga man, Swizz Beats History in the making, part three Lights out ladies! Chorus: (2x) C'mon here baby, you drive me crazy (to all my baby thugs) Don't want nobody but you my baby (and all my ladies sing) Hold me tight and call me your lady (say it louder) Let me scream your name [Jay-Z] I took ya outta Jacob's in clusters Busters they wanted to rush us Love the way you sparkle when the sun touch ya When you blush you turn blue if your grade is right You can light up the whole room, turning day from night When the summertime is in and the tops are down With you around my neck we lock the whole block down (that's right) It took shortsleeves and loungin' to understand The reason they call you ice, everybody freeze Ain't a pendant in the sun who can shine like you And that platinum in the charm who can blind like you The direct reason why niggas do they crimes they do I used to snatch the necklace right off them reckless fools Guess I was jealous that they was so next to you So I devoted half my time to invest in you The other half was spent on protecting you Cause you belong to me, now sing ya song for me C'mon Chorus 2x [Jay-Z] I'm often with you so they wonder bout the juice I got I took you from the projects and an abusive pops From the bottom to the top The skateboard to the drop From the nada to the Prada I got ya like I got ya From the first time I put you round my neck and locked ya It was then I knew everywhere I went you'd follow Soon I spent every dolla you became my habit other brothers vice was smoke, mines was carats The more checks I got the more I laced my crew The rocks got bigger, watch face got blue Tricked a little bit, shit I lace my Boo Fuck it, my mistress I laced her too Cop my jewels twice, like deja vu If they ever met in the mall, it's ova ya'll Just the way I do, and either way you win I mean the thugs love ya when your girl's best friend Chorus 2x [Jay-Z] And the wedding band you love In the gold chain you thug Sometimes you given just because And the tennis bracelet means they want relations Know that they wanna fuck the only reason they give you up In the hands of goldiggas you never enough Rings, things, just never enough With me and you together gon shine to the end I mean the thugs love ya but ya girls best friend Chorus til end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Amil, Ja Rule Album: Can I Get A... (CD Single) Song: Can I Get A... (Video Edit) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Bounce wit me, bounce wit me Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me Ya-yah-yah, ya-ya-yah-yeah bounce wit me, bounce wit me Ge-gi, ge-gi-gi-gi-geyeah bounce wit me, bounce wit me Get it! Verse One: Jay-Z Can I hit in the MORNING without giving you half of my dough And even worse if I was broke would you WANT ME? If I couldn't get you finer things like all of them diamond rings [niggaz] KILL FOR would you STILL ROLL? If we couldn't see the sun risin off the shore of Thailand would you RIDE THEN, if it wasn't DROPPIN? If wasn't ah, eight figure [nigga] by the name of Jigga would you come around naked, would you clown me? If I couldn't flow futuristic would ya put your two lips on my [dick], kiss it - could ya see yourself with a [nigga] workin harder than 9 to 5 contend with six, two jobs to survive, or do you need a BALLA? So you can shop and tear the MALL UP? Brag, tell your friends what I BOUGHT YA If you couldn't see yourself with a [nigga] when his dough is low Baby girl, if this is so, yo.. Chorus: repeat 2X [Jay-Z]	Can I get a WHAT WHAT 	to these chickens from all of my doves 	who don't love those, they get no dough [Amil]	Can I get a WOOP WOOP 	to these fellas from all of my ladies 	who don't got love for players without dubs? [Amil]	Now can you bounce wit me, uhh [Jay-Z]	Bounce wit me, bounce wit me 	Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me [Amil]	Uh uh.. Major Coins [Jay-Z]	Bounce wit me, bounce wit me [Amil]	Yeah, not done [Jay-Z]	Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me [Amil]	Uh-uh uh uh Verse Two: Amil You ain't gotta be rich but FUNK DAT How a [bitch] gonna get around your BUS PASS ? put this [ass] on your mustache Can you AFFORD ME, my ? ? this, never corny Ambition makes me, so horny, I come fussin in the FRONT END, if you got nuttin, baby boy, you betta "Git Up, Git Out and get somethin" [Shit!] I like a, lot of Pravada, Alize and Baca Late nights, candlelight, can I tear the [cock] up Get it up I put it down anytime it pop up I got to snap em, let it loose, then I knock ya Feel the juice, then I got ya, when you produce a rocka I let you meet momma and introduce you to poppa My, [shit] remains in a Gucci name Never test my patience sweetie, I'm high maintenance HIGH CLASS, if you ain't rollin, bypass If you ain't holdin [shit], I dash yo Chorus [Jay-Z]	Now can you bounce for me, bounce for me [Ja]	Uhh [Jay-Z]	Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me [Ja]	Uhh! [Jay-Z]	Gi-gi-gi-geyeah-geyeah [Jay-Z]	Can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me [Ja]	UHH! [Jay-Z]	Gi-gi-gi-gi can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me [Ja]	Uhh! Yeah Verse Three: Ja It ain't even a question how my dough flows, you good if you got those Lady, ride in your bump, like a Tahoe What you ain't know, it's eazy, but hear me though Baby girl, best have my, money fo' sho' Before they go, runnin they mouth, promotin half I be bangin they, back out, go 'head, let it out I leave em with no doubts, bounce, toss a hundred Makin em feel, taunted even if they don't want it It's been SO LONG since I met a chick ain't on my tips but then I'm DEAD WRONG, when I tell em BE GONE So HOLD ON to the feelin of flossin and platinum cause from NOW ON, you can witness Ja the I-CON with hoodies and TIMBS ON, cause I thugs my women VeVe, studs my women, if you wit me you wit em I'm talkin bout good livin are we here, you wit us? If not Boo, you know what, I still got you Chorus [Jay-Z] Now can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me Ge-gi, ge-gi-gi-gi bounce wit me, bounce wit me Wit me wit me wit me bounce wit me, bounce wit me Bounce.. bounce.. wit me wit me wit me wit me Can ya bounce wit me wi me Ge-gi, ge-gi-gi-gi-geyeah... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Can't Knock the Hustle 12" Song: Can't Knock the Hustle (rmx) Typed by: Delph226@aol.com Intro:	(Singing) Whoooh, Paradise you better think twice, 'cause you're not living the life Jay-Z: Jay-Z, Roc-A-Fella y'all, it don't stop Verse One:  We about to change this game here Check my pockets there's nothing but game there I remain without fear Keep the lanes clear, and the cats that's all about threats remain here On top of this Metropolis My name is like a square Dropped off every tier Now y'all can swear to Jay Heard it the other day Through the mystery, we get it swiftly  We got to hit you every night before we hit the lights it's type addictive Need cats to live with, the heat goes on Everyday is a hustle, the beat goes on Funny thing happen, in the midst of chasing money and foes And the worst thing worst then getting old is not getting old Niggaz stay low, like six bowls of shit and gold  And watch the hoes when they bump into your clothes And I hope they shine Seen a lot of things and enough memories to last me two lifetimes Can't knock the hustle Chorus #1: (Singing)  I'm taking out this time To give you a piece of my mind Who do you think you are  Baby one day you'll be a star Verse Two Check this In a mans world need a girl to tough something Pull an 80 out her Anne Klein purse and bust something If you skating through the night to the light, then trust something When I get home Then it's on Girl just crack those shaped legs like Grade A eggs Love the way you behave and beg Moan, turn those hollers to screams as we zone like a college team Then they can hear you from Hollis, Queens (226) Life with me, consists of a lot of things Chips in your ear hit the dirt 'cause you got hotter things But you know how to scream, friends talking dizziness Remind them freak chicks to stay out my business You know they can't love it, trips to LA with no luggage Came back with six bags struggling In first class if my ass should crash, champagne spilled on me Bank still off on me Chorus #2: (Singing) But until the last day, I'm the one who's crazy 'Cause that's the way you making me feel (can't knock the hustle) I don't want no romance, I just want the chance Can't knock the hustle for real Verse Three Ever since you retired, working alongside those live wires Been in this rap biz with fake nigs you know liars I guess I'm biased, what I talk about I live These rap dudes can flip, but some of them ain't even rhyming for chips WHAT PART OF THE GAME IS THIS Seems brainless, on tours with whores that's what I'm saying I miss Cats that go all out for their gold plaques Starting out with four jacks, ended up with Gold Ac's Bet your love collapses if my funds get trapped On the weight of me through you, screw you Gun blew you, I didn't want to choose you Run through you like UH, EXCUSE YOU! But that's my cash, I understand you hustle That's my cash, you don't understand Let my dough flash, you can show it love Like a rap star in front of the club But don't knock the hustle Chorus 1 & 2 to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Geda K, Memphis Bleek Album: Chill b/w Calling My Name 12" Song: Chill Typed by: Thegirlmetta@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Jay-Z talking] Uh huh (scratching) "chi chi chi chilly chill" This gangsta gangsta uh Uh huh This gangsta gangsta shit "chi chi chilly chill" [CHORUS: Jay-Z] I'm from murder murder Marcyville My nigga you heard we clap you we certainly will South Philly mothrfuckers kill at will Bet the mack milly make you niggas "chilly chill" Murder murder Marcyville My nigga you heard we clap you we certainly will South Philly motherfuckers kill at will Bet the mack milly make you niggas "chilly chill" [Jay-Z] Check the four corners of the earth I'm a man of respect Marcy projects motherfucker I'm demanding respect The niggas done fucked up and they called in the cleaners Jayo you're not a felon you're a misdemeanor Don't let the Nina hit you and split your beam up Fuck the punks with you we hit your team up (buck buck) Y'all niggas hurtin'  That publicity stunt is not workin' You made a bad situation worsen Y'all wanna see me out this game like Rider You fuckers better stop that ?we came from a game wider How the fuck you gone try us? You can't deny us Of a dollar it's the Roc bitch holla! Beef ain't nothing to a boss nigga You crossed the line The orders go out to kick in your doors Wavin' the 4 4  All I heard was Jigga I don't want it no more  [CHORUS] [Bleek] Yo you heard a nigga fronted on Bleek word? Nigga, never fronted on Bleek word If it's written I wrote it You spit it I spoke it So...Never forget Bleek totin' I'm from murder murder Marcyville If y'all look in the mirror do y'all see real? We see through your visad Y'all soft like Q-tip cotton Y'all dudes ain't hardly real The boss spit off M-po's certainly will If I smack this kid you'll probably squeal So open the hydro we firing still We clear out the building like a fire drill and Money too long for y'all to fold You know to catch a case to me is like a common cold So get your guns out you ain't ready for war You know the R-O-C too strong for y'all Motherfucker [CHORUS] [Geda K] Yo, I'm in a zone You niggas done disturbed the peace I try to relax Still got word off the street Hear you frail bastards tryin' to get your name back You ain't achieve shit since you got your name in rap We can't be misjudged you hear the flows and the lyrics and The fifth slugs'll tear holes in your spirit and  It's like rap turned y'all to kill and hustle Knowin' y'all gone snitch if I hop one touch you Talk that gangsta slang be a gangsta slain These N-Y-M-P gangstas bang How you talk real but need your click to live? All I need is the fifth and two clips to give Geda keep the unsane ratchet  For y'all who swear y'all can dodge the rain put on your rain jackets It's the game y'all ain't fit for drams with us And we pop the big guns that tear through armored trucks [CHORUS] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Linkin Park & Jay-Z Album: Collision Course Song: Big Pimpin'/Papercut Typed by: riku.reunamaki@kolumbus.fi * * Jay-Z lyrics from OHHLA.com originally [Jay-Z] *Laughing* You're wasting your talent Randy! [Mike Shinoda] Yeah, ready? [Chorus 1: Mike Shinoda] It's like I'm paranoid lookin' over my back It's like a whirlwind inside of my head It's like I can't stop what I'm hearing within It's like the face inside is right [Verse 1: Mike Shinoda (Chester Bennington)] Why does it look like night today? Something in here's not right today Why am I so uptight today? Paranoia's all I got left I don't know what stressed me first Or how the pressure was fed But I know just what it feels like To have a voice in the back of my head It's like a face that I hold inside A face that awakes when I close my eyes A face that watches every time they lie A face that laughs every time they fall (And watches everything) So you know that when it's time to sink or swim That the face inside is hearing me Right underneath my skin [Chorus 1: Mike Shinoda] [Verse 2: Jay-Z] You know I - thug em, fuck em, love em, leave em Cause I don't fuckin need em Take 'em out the hood, keep 'em lookin good But I don't fuckin feed em First time they fuss I'm breezin Talkin bout, "What's the reasons?" I'm a pimp in every sense of the word, bitch Better trust than believe em In the cut where I keep em Til I need a nut, til I need to beat the guts Then it's, beep beep and I'm pickin 'em up Let 'em play with the dick in the truck Many chicks wanna put Jigga fist in cuffs Divorce him and split his bucks Just because you got good head, I'ma break bread So you can be livin it up? Shit I. Parts with nothin, y'all be frontin Me give my heart to a woman? Not for nothin, never happen I'll be forever mackin Heart cold as assassins, I got no passion I got no patience And I hate waitin. Hoe get yo' ass in And let's RI-I-I-I-I-IDE.. check 'em out now RI-I-I-I-I-IDE, yeah And let's RI-I-I-I-I-IDE.. check 'em out now RI-I-I-I-I-IDE, yeah [Chorus 2: Jay-Z] We doin.. big pimpin, we spendin cheese Check 'em out now Big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s We doin.. big pimpin up in N.Y.C It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B Yo yo yo.. big pimpin, spendin cheese We doin - big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s We doin.. big pimpin up in N.Y.C It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & Linkin Park Album: Collision Course Song: Dirt Off Your Shoulder/Lying From You Typed by: riku.reunamaki@kolumbus.fi * * Jay-Z lyrics from OHHLA.com originally [Chester Bennington] I ordered a frappuccino Where's my fucking frappuccino *Laughing* All right let's do this [Verse 1: Mike Shinoda (Chester Bennington)] When I pretend, everything is what I want it to be I looked exactly like what you always wanted to see When I pretend, I can't forget about the criminal I am Stealing second after second just 'cause I know I can, but I can't pretend that this is they way it'll stay, I'm just (Trying to bend the truth) I can't pretend of who you want me to be so I'm (Lying my way from) [Chorus 1: Jay-Z] If you feelin like a pimp nigga, go and brush your shoulders off Ladies is pimps too, go and brush your shoulders off Niggaz is crazy baby, don't forget that boy told you Get, that, dirt off your shoulder [Verse 2: Jay-Z] I probably owe it to y'all, proud to be locked by the force Tryin to hustle some things, that go with the Porsche Feelin no remorse, feelin like my hand was forced Middle finger to the law, nigga grippin my balls Said the ladies they love me, from the bleachers they screamin All the ballers is bouncin they like the way I be leanin All the rappers be hatin, off the track that I'm makin But all the hustlers they love it just to see one of us make it Came from the bottom the bottom, to the top of the pots Nigga London, Japan and I'm straight off the block Like a running back, get it man, I'm straight off the block I can run it back, nigga cause I'm straight with the Roc [Chorus 1: Jay-Z] [Bridge: Jay-Z] x4 You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder [Verse 3: Jay-Z] Your homey Hov' in position, in the kitchen with soda I just whipped up a watch, tryin to get me a Rover Tryin to stretch out the coca, like a wrestler, yes sir Keep the Heckler close, you know them smokers'll test ya But like, fifty-two cards when I'm, I'm through dealin Now fifty-two bars come out, now you feel 'em Now, fifty-two cars roll out, remove ceiling In case fifty-two broads come out, now you chillin with a boss bitch of course S.C. on the sleeve At the 40/40 club, ESPN on the screen I paid a grip for the jeans, plus the slippers is clean No chrome on the wheels, I'm a grown-up for real, chill [Verse 3: Mike Shinoda (Chester Bennington)] Yeah, I remember what they taught to me Remember condescending took for who I ought to be Remember listenin to all of that and this again So I pretented up a person who was fitting in And now you think this person really is me and I'm (Trying to bend the truth ) But the more I push the more I'm pulling away 'cause I'm (Lying my way from) [Chorus 2: Chester Bennington (Jay-Z & Mike Shinoda)] You (Nah, no turning back now) I wanna be pushed aside so let me go (Nah, no turning back now) Let me take me back my life I'd rather be all alone (No turning back now) And anywhere on my own, cause I can see (Nah, no turning back now) The very worst part of you The very worst part of you It's ME!! [Bridge: Mike Shinoda] x4 This isn't what I wanted to be I never thought that what I said would have you running from me Like this [Chorus 2: Chester Bennington (Jay-Z & Mike Shinoda)] [Jay-Z] Biatch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Linkin Park & Jay-Z Album: Collision Course Song: Encore/Numb Typed by: devluvgurlz_69@hotmail.com * * first single; send corrections to the typist [Intro: Linkin Park & Jay-Z] Yeah, Thank you thank you thank you, you're far to kind! Whoo! Aha, uh, whoo, yeah! ready? whoo! Whoo, Whoo [Chorus - Jay-Z] Now can I get an encore, do you want more Cookin raw with the Brooklyn boy So for one last time I need y'all to roar uh uh uh uh [Chester from Linkin Park] Now what the hell are you waitin forrrr!!! [Jay-Z] After me, there shall be no more So for one last time, make some noise get 'em jay [Verse One] Who you know fresher than Hov'? Riddle me that The rest of y'all know where I'm lyrically at Can't none of y'all mirror me back Yeah hearin me rap is like hearin G. Rap in his prime I'm, young H.O., rap's Grateful Dead Back to take over the globe, now break bread I'm in, Boeing jets, Global Express Out the country but the blueberry still connect On the low but the yacht got a triple deck But when you Young, what the -- you expect? Yep, yep Grand openin, grand closin God your man Hov' cracked the can open again Who you gon' find doper than him with no pen Just draw off inspiration Soon you gon' see you can't replace him with cheap imitations for THESE GENERATIONS! [Chorus - Jay-Z] Now can I get an encore, do you want more Cookin raw with the Brooklyn boy So for one last time I need y'all to roar [Chester from Linkin Park] Now what the hell are you waitin forrrr!!! [Jay-Z] After me, there shall be no more So for one last time, make some noise [Chester from Linkin Park] What the hell are you waitin forrrr!!! [Verse Two] {*sighs*} Look what you made me do, look what I made for you Knew if I paid my dues, how will they pay you When you first come in the game, they try to play you Then you drop a couple of hits, look how they wave to you From Marcy to Madison Square To the only thing that matters in just a matter of years (yea) As fate would have it, Jay's status appears to be at an all-time high, perfect time to say goodbye When I come back like Jordan, wearin the 4-5 It ain't to play games witchu It's to aim at you, probably maim you If I owe you I'm blowin you to smithereens Cocksucker take one for your team And I need you to remember one thing (one thing) I came, I saw, I conquered From record sales, to sold out concerts So muh-- if you want this encore I need you to scream, 'til your lungs get sore [Verse 3] Tired of being what you want me to be Feeling so faithless, lost under the surface Don't know what you're expecting of me Put under the pressure, of walking in your shoes Caught in the undertoe, just caught in the undertoe Every step that I take is another mistake to you Caught in the undertoe, just caught in the undertoe And every second I waste is more than I can taaaakkee!! [Chorus 2] I've become so numb I can't feel you there Become so tired, so much more aware I'm becoming this, all I want to do Is be more like me and be less like you I've, become so nuuuuummmbbb! (Can I get a encore? Do you want more, more, more, more) I've, become so nuuuummmmbb! (So for one last time I need y'all to roar!  One last time I need y'all to roar!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Linkin Park & Jay-Z Album: Collision Course Song: Izzo/In The End Typed by: riku.reunamaki@kolumbus.fi * * Jay-Z lyrics from OHHLA.com originally [Mike Shinoda] This is fun Ladies and gentlemen let's put our hands together for the astonishing [Mike Shinoda] Welcome ladies and gentlemen to the 8th wonder of the world The flow of the century.. always timeless.. HOV'! Thank you for comin out tonight You coulda been anywhere in the world, but you're here with us We appreciate that [Verse 1: Jay-Z] Uh, H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A Fo' shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA Was hurtin 'em in the home of the Terrapins; got it dirt cheap for them Plus if they was short with cheese I would work with them Brought in weed, got rid of that dirt for them Wasn't born hustlers, I was birthin 'em H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A Fo' sheezy my neezy keep my arms so freezy Can't leave rap alone, the game needs me Haters want me clapped and chromed, it ain't easy Cops wanna knock me, D.A. wanna box me in But somehow, I beat them charges like Rocky H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A Not guilty, he who does not feel me is not real to me, therefore he doesn't exist So poof -- vamoose, son of a bitch! [Chorus: Jay-Z]  H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A Fo' shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA  H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A That's the anthem get'cha damn hands up  H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A Not guilty y'all got to feel me  H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A [Verse 2: Mike Shinoda (with Chester Bennington)] Check it out, yo (It starts with one) One thing, I dont know why It doesnt even matter how hard you try Keep that in mind I designed this rhyme To explain in due time, (All I know) Time is a valuable thing Watch it fly by as the pendulum swings Watch it count down to the end of the day The clock ticks life away and (Its so unreal) I didnt look out below I watch the time go right out the window Trying to hold on, and didnt even know I wasted it all just to (Watch you go) I kept everything inside and even though I tried, it all fell apart What it meant to me will eventually be a memory of a time when I tried, so *Scratches* 1 - H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A 2 - LP, Jay-Z, help me up 3 - Oh they havin good old time out there 4 - It starts with 5 - Ye-Ye-Yes! 6 - The ladies and gentleman 1, 2, 3, 4 1, 2, 3, 4 1, 2, 5, 6, 4 1, 3 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & Linkin Park Album: Collision Course Song: Jigga What/Faint Typed by: riku.reunamaki@kolumbus.fi * * Jay-Z lyrics from OHHLA.com originally [Jay-Z] Uh-huh uh-huh, jigga what Uh-huh uh-huh, jigga who Uh-huh uh-huh, jigga what Uh-huh uh-huh, jigga who Uh-huh uh-huh, jigga what You gon' need a vocalin right? Yeah [Verse 1: Jay-Z] Motherfuckers wanna act loco, hit 'em up, numerous shots with the fo'-fo' Faggots wanna talk to Po-Po's, smoke 'em like cocoa Fuck rap, coke by the boatload Fuck that, on the run-by, gun high, one eye closed Left holes through some guy clothes Stop your bullshittin, glock with the full clip Motherfuckers better duck when the fool spit One shot could make a nigga do a full flip See the nigga layin shocked when the bullet hit Hey ma, how you, know niggaz wanna buy you But see me I wanna "Fuck for Free" like Akinyele Take this ride, make you feel it inside your belly If it's tight get the K-Y Jelly All night get you wide up inside the telly Side to side, til you say Jay-Z you're too much for me [Verse 2: Mike Shinoda] I am, a little bit of loneliness, a little bit of disregard Handful of complaints but I can't help the fact That everybody can see these scars I am, what I want you to want, what I want you to feel But it's like no matter what I do, I can't convince you To just believe this is real So I, let go, watching you, turn your back like you always do Face away and pretend that I'm not But I'll be here cause you're all that I've got [Vese 3: Jay-Z] Got a condo with nothin but condoms in it The same place where the rhymes is invented So all I do is rap and sex, imagine how I stroke See how I was flowin on my last cassette? Rapid-fire like I'm blastin a Tec, never jam though Never get high, never run out of ammo Niggaz hatin the shit cause I slayed your bitch You know your favorite, I know it made you sick And now you're, actin raw but you never had war Don't know how to carry your hoes, wanna marry your hoe Now she's mad at me, causer Your Majesty, just happened to be A pimp, what a tragedy She wanted, us to end, cause I fucked with friends She gave me one more chance and I fucked her again I seen her tears as she busted in, I said, "Shit. there's a draft, shut the door bitch and come on in!" [Verse 4: Mike Shinoda] I am, a little bit insecure, a little unconfident Cuz you don't understand I do what I can Sometimes I don't make sense I am, what you never wanna say, but I've never had a doubt It's like no matter what I do I can't convince you for once just to hear me out So I, let go, watching you, turn your back like you always do You face away and pretend that I'm not I'll be here cause you're all that I've got [Chester Bennington] I can't feel, the way I did before Don't turn your back on me I won't be ignored Time won't heal, this damage anymore Don't turn your back on me I won't be ignored Now, hear me out now You're gonna listen to me like it or not Right now, hear me out now You're gonna listen to me like it or not Right now I can't feel, the way I did before Don't turn your back on me I won't be ignored I can't feel, the way I did before Don't turn your back on me I won't be ignored Time won't heal, this damage anymore Don't turn your back on me I won't be ignored I can't feel Don't turn your back on me I won't be ignored Time won't tell Don't turn your back on me I won't be ignored The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Linkin Park & Jay-Z Album: Collision Course Song: Points Of Authority/99 Problems/One Step Closer Typed by: riku.reunamaki@kolumbus.fi * * Jay-Z lyrics from OHHLA.com originally [Jay-Z] If you havin girl problems I feel bad for you son I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me! Got 'em Mike [Verse 1: Mike Shinoda] He's got the Rap Patrol on the gat patrol Foes that wanna make sure his casket's closed Rap critics that say he's "Money, Cash, Hoes" He's from the hood stupid, what type of facts are those? If you grew up with holes in your zapatoes You'd celebrate the minute you was havin dough So fuck critics, you can kiss the whole asshole If you don't like the lyrics, you can press fast forward Got beef with radio if we don't play they show they don't play our hits - we don't give a shit, SO! All these mags try and use our ass So advertisers can give 'em more cash for ads, fuckers! I don't know what you take us as Or understand the intelligence that Jay-Z has From, rags to riches, we ain't dumb We got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me! [Chorus 1: Jay-Z & Mike Shinoda] 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one If you havin girl problems I feel bad for you son I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me! [Verse 2: Jay-Z (Mike Shinoda)] Now the year is ninety-four, in my trunk is raw In the rearview mirror is the motherfuckin law I got two choices y'all, pull over the car or (or?) Bounce on the Devil, put the pedal to the floor (c'mon!) And I ain't tryin to see no highway chase with Jake Plus I got a few dollars, I can fight the case So I, pull over to the side of the road, I heard  (Son do you know why I'm stoppin you for?) Cause I'm young and I'm black and my hat's real low Or do I look like a mindreader sir? I don't know Am I under arrest or should I guess some mo'?  (Well you was doin fifty-five in the fifty-four;  License and registration and step out of the car -  Are you carryin a weapon on you? I know a lot of you are) I ain't steppin out of shit, all my papers legit  (Well do you mind if I look around the car a little bit?) Well my glove compartment is locked, so is the trunk in the back And I know my rights, so you gon' need a warrant for that  (Aren't you sharp as a tack! You some type of  Lawyer or somethin, somebody important or somethin?) Ha, I ain't passed the bar, but I know a little bit Enough that you won't illegally search my shit  (Well we'll see how smart you are when the canines come) I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me! [Chorus 1: Jay-Z & Mike Shinoda] x3 [Verse 3: Jay-Z] Now once upon a time, not too long ago A nigga like myself had to strongarm a hoe This is not a hoe in the sense of havin a pussy But a pussy havin no God damn sense, try an' push me I try to ignore him, talk to the Lord Pray for him, but some fools just love to perform You know the type, loud as a motorbike But wouldn't bust a grape in a fruit fight And only thing that's gon' happen is I'ma get to clappin and He and his boys gon' be yappin to the Captain And there I go, trapped in the Kit-Kat again Back through the system with the riff-raff again Fiends on the floor, scratchin again Paparazzis with they cameras, snappin them D.A. try to give a nigga shaft again Half a mill' for bail cause I'm African All because this fool was harassin them Tryin to play the boy like he's saccharin But ain't nuttin sweet bout how I hold my gun I got 99 problems B and a bitch ain't one - hit me! [Chorus 1: Jay-Z & Mike Shinoda] x2 [Chester Bennington] Shut up when I'm talkin to you! Shut up!! Shut up!! Shut up!! Shut up when I'm talkin to you! Shut up!! Shut up!! Shut up!! Shut uup!! I'm about to break!! [Chorus 2: Chester Bennington (Jay-Z)] Everything you say to me (I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me!) I need a little room to breathe (I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me!) Everything you say to me (I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me!) I need a little room to breathe (I got 99 problems) And I'm about to... Break Artist: Jay-Z f/ Memphis Bleek & Beanie Seigel Album: The Corruptor soundtrack/Money, Cash, Hoes CD-5 Song: More Money, More Cash, More Hoes (Remix) Typed by: metta@hotmail.com Jay-Z Talking:  Turn the lights even lower!  Hovah  Memphis Bleek  Beanie Seigels (uh huh)  Roc-a-fella y'all (yeah yeah)  DMX: Jigga, my nigga, rhyme all night  Verse One, Jay-Z:  To the top wit my niggas  Pop wit my niggas  Drive by in whips, rock rocks wit my niggas  Break day on the hottest block wit my niggas  Just cause I (DMX)love my niggas (uh huh)  Chill wit the crew (uh huh)  Real wit the crew  4 million sold, look- still wit the crew  Break bread wit the fam  Till I'm dead wit the fam  Duck cops. Shake feds wit the fam  Flip them pies wit my hustlas (uh huh)  Ride for my hustlas  Die for my, lie for my, cry for my hustlas  Roll wit my duns (uh huh)  Cold wit the guns (uh huh)  If he slow wit my ones hit the floor when I come  I fuck wit them hoes that fuck wit them clothes  That's real wit them shoes, keep it real wit they dudes  I'm sick wit the flow and this is all I know More money, more cash, more hoes BEYACHHHH!!!!!! Chorus, Jay-Z (DMX): 2x's  More money, more cash, more hoes (what)  More money, more cash, more hoes (uh)  More money, more cash, more hoes (come on)  More money, more cash, more hoes (what, what, what)  Verse Two, Memphis Bleek:  Ay yo, M-E-M-P-H-I-S Bleek  No need to dress warm, I brought plenty of heat  Y'all can't do nothing with this here  For one, I pack three 9s like the year  Y'all funny money hustlas  7 gram hustlas  Type to bust a O down wit ya man hustlas  I hold bank dough, dough 6-5-4  While you ho talk that, look for a walk dough  Petty crime niggas  Petty time niggas  Sold petty drugs came up wit petty thugs  Now you got game in you  Wanna be a menace and you got Kane in you  I'll put them thangs in you  I'm a hot lil' nigga  I ain't gotta tell niggas  You came too deep, one fell niggas  I'm layin in the cut but still don't give a fuck  Roc-a-fella forever, Memph man, what what  Chorus 2x's  Verse Three, Beanie Seigel:  Peep the kid from P-H-I-L-L-Y  North west south west south side  Spit it for them bitches and niggas who stay fly  B-Mack, Roc-a-fella till I die  Met Jay, dropped on a album in a week  Without unsigned hype or battle of the beats  The first time niggas heard me spit it in the streets  I gave y'all a thousand bars wit Memphis Bleek  Stay strapped, heat in the car under the seat  6 hammers even though we only 3 deep  We clap up niggas  Smack up niggas  Duck tape, rope, and wrap up niggas  Think shit a joke, go head crack up niggas  Get treated like Coke and get capped up niggas  The only thing funny  Is y'all never seen big face money  Till them big face 20s  Chorus 2x's  Jay-Z Talking:  Roc-a-fella shit  1999 (uh huh)  You about to witness a dynasty (you are not ready) unlike no other  Get down or lay down Ya heard!  No publishin' for niggas  I know y'all niggas wonderin, like:  When them niggas gone stop? (come on)  We got a date for you-  February 31st, 19-neva hate (haha)  I know y'all niggas ready to kill yaself, too  Just go head and do it!  Jump off a buildin, slit ya wrists!  Just do it!  The world'll be a better place (haha)  Roc-a-fella  Beanie Seigel Memphis Bleek  Hovah Hovah  Ya heard me! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Criminology (S) Song: Criminology (Freestyle) Typed by: AZ Lyrics It's like this yo, and we don't stop! Jay-Z Check it I get deep and dark like ditches But when I rap I come off like that without the glitches Never crossed the black cat with the riches I'm leaving Stevie sayin' no Wonder you're superstitious! Beef, I'm with it, simple, ya'll can all get it Ya'll don't all get it Don't nobody of mind for this matter Can gather the data until ya mind don't matter! I bubble like lather, hustle like the lead-off batter? Cause all that matters is the money, 'til it ain't funny! You feel me? When the beast screams kill me Don't jerk me boy, I rip it silly! I'll let you rise of course, but if you don't fall off on your own Emcee's I cut off at the knees like shorts It gets worst! If you don't care for my sick thoughts like a nurse! With no known remedy, I'm leaving boys and men on bended knee till the end of the road I lie low, forget this record shit, with one sale Check it out! The nerve of these herbs Ya'll know which swerve from the curb in the LAX The best observe I'm splashing, splurging, dashing that's my word ya know Champagne glass is crashing, can't ration Used to having a whole lot, so dough, I blow a lot Had a buck fifty while you were still taking skibby to school Ran with one of them cats that hides Tiffany's for them jewels Back when Duke was jumping out of cabs in Krush Groove I was scheming and plotting mostly Dreaming alive, but look what it got me! Four cars and four hundred shots later You know what I mean! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Reasonable Doubt '96/Dead Presidents 12" Song: Dead Presidents (Part 1) Typed by: TFLthuG@aol.com, missing_score@hotmail.com [Intro - Nas sample] Presidents to represent me (Get money!) I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!) I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!) I'm out for dead fuckin presidents to represent me (Whose...) [Jay-Z] Well I always spit that, wonderama shit, me and my conglomerate shall remain anonymous, caught up in the finest shit Live out my dreams, until my heart give out Involved with cream, you know exactly what this shit's about Fuck y'all mean? Handlin' since a teen I dish out like the point guard off your favorite team without doubt My life ain't rosy but I roll with it My mind was fine until the dough hit it and told me that the mo' did it And now it's kosher shit is so Hasidic I blow a digit on a diamond in a minute but, no bitches Watch how I'm walkin cause even the thoroughest niggas be knockin tryin to strike a bargain hoping that they might get pardoned Shit I'm involved with got me pins and needles And my cerebral be's the wickedess evil thoughts that this martyr feed you Feedback, in the game so deep fiends could catch ya Freeze off my knee cap, can y'all believe that? Got the city drinkin' Cristals, re-up the fee Rappers goin' broke, tryin to keep up with me My rise to riches surprised the bitches - think harder You know this nigga, Jay-Z; Shawn Carter G.S. the fuck up, dree-ess the fuck up Watch me shine like a Breitling, begets the fuck up All rhymers forget it like Alzhiemers Small timers, I said it, I'm addressin all dramas Talk to me [Chorus - Nas sample - 2X] I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!) I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!) I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!) I'm out for dead fuckin presidents to represent me (Whose...) [Jay-Z] So sick of niggas, I want money like Cosby who wouldn't? This' the kinda talk that make me think you probably ain't got no puddin' Niggas got them kinda dreams from jail You in the streets nigga make your moves, get your mill' Niggas'll coast in the SL but can't post bail Niggas'll, roast a L but, scared to throw your toast, well I'm here to tell niggas it ain't all swell there's heaven, then there's hell niggas One day your cruisin in your 7 next day your sweatin forgettin your lies Alibis ain't matchin up, bullshit catchin up Hit with the rico, they repo your vehico' Everything was all good just a week ago 'Bout to start bitchin' ain't you? Ready to start snitchin' ain't you? I'll forgive your weak ass, hustlin' just ain't you Aside from the fast cars; honey's that shake they ass at bars you know you wouldn't be involved with the underworld dealers, carriers of mac-millers East coast bodiers, west coast cap peelers Little monkey niggas turn gorillas Stopped in the station; filled up on octane and now they not sane and not playin' that goes without sayin' Slayin' day in and day out with money playin' and then they play you out Tryin' to escape my own mind, lurkin' the enemy Representin' infinite with presidencies, you know? [Bridge - Nas - sample] Dead fuckin presidents to represent me (Whose...) Dead fuckin presidents to represent me (Whose...) Dead fuckin presidents to represent me (Whose...) Dead fuckin presidents to represent me (Whose...) [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Pharrell, Vybz Kartel, Wayne Marshall Album: Red Star Sounds Presents: Def Jamaica Song: Frontin' (Dancehall Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@blackplanet.com [Intro: Wayne Marshall] + (Vybz Kartel) Original dancehall remix from Kingston Jamaica, Star Trak!!! (Up to di time) Turn it up, turn it up, turn it up, wow!!! [Verse 1: Jay-Z] + (Pharrell) Everytime your name was brought up I would act all nonchalant infront of an audience Like if you was just another shorty I put the naughty on But uh, truth be told you do me for a loop, this Hov I'm too old to be frontin when I'm feeling Denzel And you acting like you ain't appealing when you are Stunting like you ain't my only girl when you are (I was just frontin) I'm ready to stop when you are [Verse 2: Vybz Kartel] Jay-Z, Marshall, Kartel and Pharrell Pha-real ROC-A-Wear apparel for real Girlfriend your friends and you full of a sex appeal You have the best for texture feel And to Kim, Karyn, Nicole or Ce'cile Now for my lovefor you in time will reveal Mi a go make you wear a ring like Shaquille O' Neal Keep it real with me and I'll keep it real, you know [Verse 3: Wayne Marshall] Don't be fooled by my glitter and my fame girl Cause it's you that I really wanna share my name, yeah, my name Yo, hey, a lot of girls come and go with the hype up To me you mean more than just one night, yo, one night * Letters in CAPS mean Wayne Marshall is singing with Pharrell [Chorus: Pharrell & Wayne Marshall] I know that I'm carrying on, never mind if I'm showing off I WAS JUST FRONTIN (you know I want ya babe) I'm ready to bet it all, unless you don't care at all BUT YOU KNOW I WANT YA (you should stop frontin babe) [Verse 4: Vybz Kartel] Listen, and you will hear wedding bells in my ear Reception in Spain honeymoon in Zaire Mi need yuh fi breed by di end of this year Of if you girl fi mi brighten my world fi mi This isn't comedy like Fresh Prince of Bel Air Mi serious when mi tell yuh seh mi love and mi care True, and if yuh willin share Double king size bed deh yah, wid di linen fit here [Verse 5: Wayne Marshall] Don't be fooled by my glitter and my fame girl Cause it's you that I really wanna share my name, yeah, my name Yo, hey, a lot of girls come and go with the hype up To me you mean more than just one night, yo, one night [Verse 6: Wayne Marshall] Watch the remix now!!! Mek mi tell yuh somethin I need yuh mama I did a really dumb thing to bring you drama I was just frontin with all the glamma ROC-A-Wear, Sean John, Dolce Gabbana On di real though, a you mi hona A you a mek mi tink fi call di weddin planna And even if you see mi wid Donna Just rememba there is odda, wow! Don't be fooled by my glitter and my fame girl Cause it's you that I really wanna share my name, yeah, my name Yo, hey, a lot of girls come and go with the hype up To me you mean more than just one night, yo, one night [Outro: Wayne Marshall] + (Vybz Kartel) Oh, girl I never really mean to front (Never meant) I know you probably think I'm drunk But I'm just being blount You know we don't play no stunts (Straight up) I really never mean to front I know you probably feel I'm drunk But I'm just being blount You know we don't play no stunts [Vybz] I need you in my life, frontin [Wayne] Wooo oooh oooh!!! [Vybz] Stop frontin, timeless The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z and Sauce Money Album: DJ Rhude Presents Jay-Z - B.C. (Before the Roc) Song: Nuthin But Love Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Jay-Z] Aiyyo... They don't be knowin the way I be flowin When I be goin, I be running the track like Jesse Owens I disrupt the natural scheme, the way that you do things  wit a swing and have 'em rockin like, Sting You say never, you run, if ever you come It's never you run so fast in your life to never have won Come on and ride the rhythm, I produce like jizm Just like the gods I start with knowledge and follow with wisdom For greater understanding, I'm landin, blows and knockin sense into those that oppose me, ha! Enticin when slicing through tracks You're screaming, "Jesus Christ is back and God knows he can rap" Me and Sauce put rhythm on the map, so give him his dap And me, I just take mine, gimme those, gimme this, gimme that, FUCK that! Gimme love, nigga... Sauce Money in the house like.. [Sauce Money] I don't NEVER plan to fall! Sauce is all-out  or nothin, I brawl, drag niggaz like RuPaul With the funky drummer drummin, I'm never slummin I summon orgasms so I can show you how I'm comin I bang boots, dispute ranks, and execute ganks  to bank loot, while your mind shoot blanks Dig it, fatal since I was a street natal Able to drop heavy since the cradle Cookin biters who nibble on my hooks get 'em deep in the files A +Boyz n Da Hood+, watch the +Fish-burne+ from furious styles Never was right but I made it through wrong Said we waited too long went back in the lab and created new songs New styles I stock 'em for new chicks to jock 'em Your group when I rock 'em once, ?spiders? watch to clock 'em A cut and above the best street life struttin to show Put 'em to the test cause we ain't got nuthin but love [Jay-Z] (Sauce Money) For all my grimys in Crooklyn - (nuthin but love) And all my peoples Uptown - (nuthin but love) And all my niggaz all around - (nuthin but love) To all my peeps in hell - (nuthin but love) Bitches who fuck and don't tell - (nuthin but love) For all you niggaz that's WACK! - (nuthin but love) For keepin our shit FAT~! - (nuthin but love) Sauce Money, Jay-Z (nuthin but love) Here we go again [Sauce Money] What you about to feel, you can't doubt the real threat Peace to all my niggaz without a deal yet And that's comin from the streets cause we ain't got nuthin but love Peace to the brothers who keep us in ghetto blood [Jay-Z] Here's a stamp and seal away, we build, fuck the tramp who got my man knocked, to real, ain't nuthin but love, champ The Jigga, Sauce Money representin one time Strike three, we out, but never out of your mind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Don't You Know (Promo) 12" Song: Don't You Know Typed by: mensch25@hotmail.com Fresh from London... Paris, Germany... It's Euro-Jay... International Hov... Bon Shoir, muhfuckas!... We back... as if we never left this bitch... on top... it's worldwide... Still Just Blaze'in this shit up...  [VERSE 1] Every place I visit, I got land there How could niggas stand there Say I sound like them? Hell no Push wigs back, push Bentley drops that's yellow Started from the elbow, nigga, from the get-go No, not the Geico, ain't nothin accidental Just the facts that I've been through Perhaps if you was into Half of the shit I've been through That'd make your pen move Your mind would open, your heart would bleed Instead y'all niggas flow oh so retardedly You sound retarded to me!  How could you stand there, pants near down to your ass, you wanna spar with me I'll put you down in the grass, it's the God MC, Young V-I-T-O Young'n, you are my hijo My son dula I clean the cess pool up Rap stinks  You cats are the sphinx You cut off your nose to spite your face Bet you like it that way don'tchya? [CHORUS] Don't you know? When you're defeated, young punk? Won't you throw Won't you throw in the towel, stop running your mouth Don't you know that we know you're just running your mouth  Cause when this shit pops off, we gonna run in your house Don't you know When you're defeated, young punk? Won't you throw? Won't you throw in the towel? I'm better with vowels My vocabulary murders the dictionary Flow switches every 16, shits mean, man [VERSE 2] Shit, I'm heavy in the game I ain't worried bout a thing Last man standing Blam-blammin the cannon 48 Hours, it's Reggie Hammond The colte, Nick Nolte My demeanor is Humphrey Bogey Baby, I'm comfy, cozy, my spot is solidified Roc-a-bye baby, I sing you a lillabye How ill am I? BK to Philladi- Delphia! Niggas feelin how real am I Shit, I carry two taurus, niggas they call me gemini Though my birthday is one day before December 5 It's S Carter, the archer, I throw darts at ya Arrows through your apparel, I will dearly depart ya It's clearly hard for ya, what God has bestowed on me You nah destroys me nigga; nigga I'm poetry In four part harmony, it's like Jodeci Check out my melody, my flow is a felony Oh, I'm so seventies, I'm in tune with the heavenly Governing body - Check, check, check out my destiny I walk leaving four footprints My hood sense My book smarts My faith of the unknown And a good heart What's seldom shown is the good part Like I said Try to bring em life, but they want dead You won't listen Hov is a nice guy, but you don't miss him That'll piss him off quick, you won't listen [CHORUS] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: The Great Gatsby Soundtrack Song: $100 Bill Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Interlude] [Movie audio] One hundred dollar bills [Verse 1] Benjamin Franklins filled, folded just for the thrill Go numb until I can't feel, or might pop this pill Stock markets just crash, now I'm just a bill History don't repeat itself it rhymes, 1929 still Write like Mark Twain, Jay Gatsby, I park things Yellow cars, yellow gold like Slick Rick Still tip on four-four's (Who?) Four-four's at the 4-0, (Wait), for O Dollars fall on the skin, some might call it sin Politicians all move for money, what the hell are we callin' them? Low life, I'm crawlin' out, 911 I Porsched it out Y'all niggas so hypocrites, y'all know what this shit is all about 100 dolla, 100 dolla bill real, uh [Interlude] [Movie audio] [Verse 2] New heroines, new Marilyns Move coke through Maryland Through Easton, oh you beastin' Move fat packs, Jack Gleason The honeymoon's over with the streets, yeah Least see my kids on the weekend Carter, new Kennedy No ordinary Joe, you'll remember me No prohibition for my coalition Colin Powell, general admission You're all welcome, new Malcolm of the talcum By any means, AK lookin' out the window screen Let's get it on, new Marvin Who wanna become my 100th problem? Semi-automatic or revolver, semi-automatic I'll solve em Einstein, my mind, this MC move white squares with my relatives That cheese made us constipated couldn't tell us shit Took that, Taylor Swift to a hundred fucking million, bitch I'm a let ya'll continue but... haha... [Interlude] [Movie audio] [Outro] I need a 100 bricks on them 100 blocks I got a 100 drops, took 100 cops, uh 100 blocks, I need a 100 bricks on them 100 blocks, uh Decade of decadence, ill reveverence, ill reverence Decade of decadence, ill reveverence, ill reverence Uh, young, uh I need a 100 bricks on them 100 blocks I got a 100, I got a 100 drops Need a 100, got a 100 Got a 100, 100, uh 100 dollar bill, real Artist: Jay-Z Album: Green Lantern Presidential Invasion Song: A.S.A.P. Typed by: mirkmandamn@yahoo.com Jay's back, asap, crowd awaits, they clap Stage black, gladiator blaze from the playback I take center stage, a-k spray raps What more can I say that I haven't said they ask Covered drugs, slung crack, fatherless sons, sung about that You an feel the real in every one of my raps Push whips, pull chicks, side step every one of they traps They tap, them feds dont play fair They pay rats to say that there Part of your operation, their the doctor your the patient nigga Open heart surgery, no anesthesia, lay back No love for us bad boys, take that Hey thats the chance that we take, tryin' to make that Maybach Seats way way back Cops versus robbers and they don't play wit cap guns You learn that, rather young, hearin bullets whiz through your wave cap Paint that, scenes don't play back Everyday I wake I see a wake so I vacate where it's safe at No I ain't scared, im just afraid that I'll kill you and wind up given all this paper that I made back And that aint hot, that aint the jay that I know He use his brain for more than a place to pull the braids at I'm to high on life, way back If you crave rap, shave crack, Jay's back bitches The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: History (Single) * Song: History Typed by: michael_w515@hotmail.com  * cut from retail release of "The Blueprint 3" [Chorus] (Jay-Z) Now that all the smoke is gone (lighta) And the battle's finally won (gimme a lighta) Victory is finally ours (lightas up) (lightas up) History so long so long so long, so long In search of victory, she keeps saluting me If only we can be together momentarily We can make love, and make history Why won't you visit me, until she visit me I'll be stuck with her sister, her name is defeat She gives me agony, so much agony She brings me so much pain, so much misery Like missing your last shot, and falling to your knees As the crowd screams, for the other team I practiced so hard for this moment victory don't leave I know what this means, I'm stuck in this routine Whole new different day, the same old thing All I got is dreams, nobody else can see Nobody else believes, nobody else but me Where are you victory, I need you desperately Not just for the moment, to make history [Chorus] (Jay-Z) Now that all the smoke is gone (lighta) And the battle's finally won (lightas) Victory is finally ours (yeah) History so long so long (yeah) (yeah) So long, so long So now I'm flirting with death  Hustling like a G while victory wasn't watching took chances repeatedly As a teenage boy, before acne, before I got proactive I couldn't face she I just threw on my hoody, and headed to the street I swear I met success we lived together shortly Now success was like lust, she's good to the touch She's good for the moment but she's never enough Everybodys had her, shes nothing like V But success is all I got, unfortunately But I'm burning down the block, hoping in and out of V But something tells me, there is much more to see Before I get killed, cause I can't get robbed So before me, success and death mnage I gotta get lost, I gotta find V We gotta be together, to make history [Chorus] (Jay-Z) Now that all the smoke is gone (lighter sup) And the battle finally won (lighter up) Victory is finally ours (lighters up) History so long so long So long, so long Now victory is mine, taste so sweet She's my trophy wife, your coming with me We'll have a baby, who stutters repeatedly We'll name him history, he'll repeat after me He's my legacy, son of my hard work Future of my past, that'll explain who I'll be Rank me amongst the greats, either one two or three If I ain't number one, then I've failed you victory Ain't in it for the fame, that dies within weeks Ain't in it for the money, can take it when you leave I want to be remembered, long after you breathe Long after I'm gone, long after I breathe I leave all I am, in the hands of history That's my last will, testimony This is much more than a song, It's a baby shower  I've been waiting for this hour, history of ours [Chorus x2] Now that all the smoke is gone And the battle's finally won  Victory is finally ours History so long so long so long, so long The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Rihanna Album: Hope For Haiti Now (Compilation) Song: Stranded (Haiti Mon Amour) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Jay-Z - Chorus] When the sky falls and the Earth quakes We gon put this back together We won't break [repeat] [Jay-Z] Sa Pa S, my Port-Au-Princes My Haitian Gods and all of my Princesses Our condolences as you fightin' against this We're right by your side as we tryin' to make sense of this Heavenly father help us see through these problems And for those that left, accept them into your garden So here's my theory, the country's already starvin' So we sacrificed many to shed light on all of them God please pardon, I speak from the heart It's the only way I see this tragedy befall on them So lets get involved with them, hand to hand with them Arm to arm with them til' they get strong again, When the sky falls... [Rihanna - Chorus] Can't wait until tomorrow Haiti, Mon Amour Haiti, Mon Amour Not gonna leave you stranded, alone, alone oh no [Jay-Z] Learn from the past, New Orleans was flooded So we know we just can't rely on the government We under the rubble again, here we go rumbling when When we gon catch a break, my friend lost his mother and then And then, Carline lost her uncles and them Buried with no caskets, they just put covers on them And the tears fall, and we fight back Story ain't done, it can't end like that Nah not like this, tomorrow's survivors gonna carry on your name You live on inside us, your memory's alive with us You inspired us, to rebuild this country, you just guide us [not Jay-Z] It's not the angels that are on their way It's not the bells of Santa Trinite The people waiting, positions vacant For hands to help, not just to pray [French singing] Hati va s'lever Tu vas te relever Nous nous lverons Ensemble ensemble ensemble (not gonna leave you stranded...) [Jay-Z] We gon put this back together we won't break We gon put this back together we won't break We gon put this back together we won't break We gon put this back together we won't break The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Hovi Baby (Remix) 12" Song: Hovi Baby (Remix) Typed by: JamManXC@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist I fucks with Hova I want you to know It's something about you I fucks with Hova I fucks with Hova Trackmaster's XO This remix is for you Let's go. Untouchable, unbreakable, unshakeable, (it's Hovi baby) can't see the unseeable, reach the unreachable Do the impossible (it's Hovi baby) Yes... (Remix) Yes... Yes... Baby (it's Hova) First I had streets, then I had charts First I had the end, now I have their heart Rappers came and went, I been here from start I see them put it together, watch them take it apart See the rovers roll up with the ribbons I see them repo, resold, and redriven, so when I reload The number one positions, when you had them hot And when your feet cold, mines is sizzling When you see, niggas can't fuck with me Cuz I'm gonna be a nigga for life Oh this is not a gimmick This is God given, this is harder than Mix with cris dom sippin This is the most consistent Give me the most hits that you can fit inside a double disc And hold me a pony charts, you niggas vision it This whole edition, Jeff Gordon and rap I'm going to claim whole position Holla at ya can't touch the untouchable, break the unbreakable Shake the unshakeable (it's Hovi baby) can't see the unseeable, reach the unreachable Do the impossible (it's Hovi baby) can't move the unmoveable, stop the stoppable Top the untoppable (it's Hovi baby) Yes... (Remix) Yes... Yes... Baby (it's Hovi) I'm so far ahead of my time I'm about to start another life Look behind you, I'm about to pass you twice Back to the future, got a snow for the present I'm fast, dude can't get passed my past When I close the deal with the perfect present When I unwrap the gift and the curse with a different verse And I'm so far ahead of my time My grandpop just met my grandma at a high school prom And I'm so far ahead of my time These rhymes is weak Till four years later, they on time release Hiphop when you take them, cop your four copa You releaize A track needed a autopsy The more tracks I'm on, the more I catch bodies If not listen, further you're missing a murder Like NYPD, LAPD, NYDA, OJ Jury's Crush linen, what's winning If it aint him in the flesh, continue to guess I'm about to retire my jersey, fuck Mitchell and this I'm gonna throw back old school kicks in  Sixty-nine yeah, same year I was born Flip the numbers yeah, same year I got on Ninety-six, yeah, I used to rhyme with the Don Shit out the big, Brooklyn I got this shit Here is something haters can't figure out Who Vanilla first weed, man they still jigga'd out See, I even sell CD's in the crowd The hardest dude out since these nibble'd out Hovi Baby, love me, or blow me baby Fuck you you'll pay me, or owe me baby There in and out Check the charts, I'm wearing you out I'm about to drop the black album in a year And I'm out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Ignorant Siht 12" Song: Ignorant Shit Typed by: efil4aggin187um@gmail.com [Jay-Z Speaking] Y'all niggaz got me really confused out there I make "Big Pimpin" or "Give it to Me" one of those They held me as the greatest writer of the 21st century I make some thought provokin' shit Y'all question whether he fallin' off I'ma really confuse y'all on this one.. [Verse One] When them tops come down, chicks tops come down When them shots come out, make cops come around When them blocks come out, I can wake up a small town Finish off the block then I make my mall rounds Stares get exchanged then the 5th come out Tough guy disappear then the bitch come out "That's him," I'm usually what they whisper 'bout Either what chick he wit' or his chip amount 'Cause I been doin' this since C*H*I*P*S was out Watchin' Eric Estrada Baggin' up at the Ramada, table full of powder A.C. broke, 'bout to take another shower on my 25th hour Spike Lees everywhere, game on the flight You might see me anywhere, day in the life Only thing changed is the tel' number on the flight I can touch down and take off the same night I'm so bossy Bitch, get off me, trick, get off me You can't get shit off me I'm so flossy, no 6s or Sprees Laid back, Maybachs, don't even talk to me [Verse Two] They're all actors, lookin' at themselves in the mirror backwards Can't even face themself, don't fear no rappers They're all, weirdos, DeNiros in practice So, don't believe everything your earlobe captures It's mostly backwards, unless it happens to be as accurate as me And everything said in song, you happen to see Then, actually, believe half of what you see None of what you hear, even if it's spat by me And with that said, I will kill niggaz dead Cut niggaz short, give you wheels for legs I'm a K-I-DOUBLE-L-E-R, see y'all in Hell Shoot niggaz straight through the E.R., whoa This ain't B.R., no, this is S.C. CEO The next Aaliyah; no, the next leader of the whole free world And the first thing I'ma do is free Sigel, yo.. I'm so bossy Bitch, get off me, trick, get off me You can't get shit off me I'm so flossy, no 6s or Sprees Laid back, Maybachs, don't even talk to me [Bridge] Excuse me, bitch, but fuck your name Can I come? Gimme some brain And when you're done, can you please get the fuck out? [Verse Three] I built the arch, mami, cry me a river Blacken my heart by puttin' light liquor in the liver Put my all in the part that spreads apart now I'm back together Young Goldie, the mack forever Heard they love it when I'm heard on hoes Said a G don't give a bitch no cheese or security codes I agree, my lady ain't no bitch, she gets whatever I own So when you see her, understand that's me, nigga Understand I'm the same OG, nigga I know the difference between a bitch and a B, nigga I'm so bossy Bitch, get off me, trick, get off me You can't get shit off me I'm so flossy, no 6s or Sprees Laid back, Maybachs, don't even talk to me [Bridge] Excuse me, bitch, but fuck your name Can I come? Gimme some brain And when you're done, can you please get the fuck out? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: In My Lifetime 12" Song: Can't Get With That Typed by: i3omb1st@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay=Z] Yeah!! Check it, check it out Uhhh, haha, gotta keep it fat Chorus: Jay-Z (repeat 2X) I can't get with that I gotta keep it thick never miss so I hit em like this [Jay-Z] Straight to the track, my lyrics is phat, I rip it the hell -- down More than a fluke, I'm regularly wreckin this joint so what -- now With so many niggas that's biting it's harder to detect who I be Well check out the J, check out the A, check out the Y, Z Original rap, I'm makin it slap, I'm hemmin it up like that Stingin it, strikin it, swingin it fat, * DJ reverse * bring it back I be that nigga with a gat, boom-clack Don't ever sweat it when I go, I zoom back Better than ever, never better, you better, whatever I suggest the Ex-Lax and that'll get your shit together I give you a snotty nose from body blows Nobody's safe at a party even Gotti goes adios I got-got-got Flav-flav-flav-flavor, so save yours One verse and it's a hearse, I played and I slayed yours Get it, got it, ready to flip, I doubt it No need to prolong, check out the man gone, haha Chorus [Jay-Z] The next, player, never get no rest, you're livin with stress Cause just around the corner beez the best player You're fearin my clout, if weed got you runnin your mouth You better blow that shhhiiitt out The Jigga's back, you brothers are flat I'll amaze the way that Jay rap, now how in the hell did he say that? You diggin me, the, epitome of, rippin it raw You kiddin me, no artist that rap, gettin bigger thzn me Although these cats are wettin my style, I'm still thristy And we all gotta fall off, but you first G I'll be the last, it'll be a, cold day in hell  before you see me, Sauce and Jaz, chillin with your wack ass We make hits, and harmony, like Take 6 While you brothers double pumped up them fake hits Our Roc-A-Fella never Sell-A-Out Brothers who don't have the heart, you better tell your mouth, uh Chorus [Jay-Z] Ha-hah This how we do All year round, this is how it goes down Now check it out I don't kick it I punt it, I'm so wicked you want it? My tongue is tired from lickin my fingers and countin up hundreds So I bought a money machine and it goes A tat-tat-trrrittaat-tat-triiatttt-at-tit-tit-tit-dough How many styles I gotta kick to prove I'm def? I can even-hah-kick my-hah-rip that shit-hah-and catch a breath You can't see this, ask this nigga Dash Now he don't count cause I'm makin him mad rich This nigga's nothin but the truth Many view Jay-Z as a threat to they loot.. so my thing is tight, can't slip, gotta grip like a pit in a dog fight, yo, I'm a-iight I ain't checkin for you 'less you my peoples And just in case you didn't know peep the -- steelo It goes, one dime for your mind Two bone crushers for your spine Cause none of ya game is rougher than mine Chorus: repeat 2X Ha-hah.. Jay-Z.. live in the ninety-five with a little help along, c'mon Sacue Money defintly repesentin Big Jaz in the house Superman production type shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Memphis Bleek, Sauce Money Album: I Got the Hook-Up! soundtrack Song: What the Game Made Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah Intro/Chorus: Jay-Z I'm what the game made me Not what the fame made me No amount of money can change me I'm what you lames can't be Live nigga what? Live as fuck (repeat 2X) Verse One: Jay-Z Check, live from the 7-1-8 Either respect the flow or learn your lesson from your weight I'm wishin arthritis on all writers who, Knock My Hustle How can y'all understand the struggle? It's hard to live, when you got greedy niggaz in the mix Knowin I outclass three-E niggaz in the six So I outblast til it's empty clips And I outlast niggaz, survival of the fit One life, I gotta make sure it's done right Cause them yet to have a conversation bout reincarnation Ball out, until I fall out Stick thick chicks, try to tear they wall out Hard to think about your future with, nothin to gain Hard to concentrate on school with stomach pain Life's harsh, I know y'all runnin from 'caine but it'll only catch you and track you down With no deal, who you gonna rap to now? Start your own record company, that's profound Live niggaz gonna rumble when you back from the war Jive niggaz gonna crumble and fall Chorus Verse Two: Memphis Bleek Aiyyo whether in the Pinto, or rollin in the six I come through cocky, holdin my dick I never switch shit, cause that's some bitch shit I get the Bisquick take it to the district cause I could never get rich, and switch my style I just cop a little hurt, to the mercantile I'm tryin to get it though, rhymin with this six digit flow Gettin fly is the minimal, holdin somethin is the principal Respect this young nigga that's, holdin the torch Preachin shit like the crack game, don't take shorts Throw it down it's a bet, nigga roll hard til you got somethin icey, round your neck In this concrete jungle get rich or remain humble Never speak the biz, at worst I might mumble Niggaz test it I spit guns, angrily Til all that remains is me Chorus (by Memphis Bleek instead of Jay-Z) Verse Three: Sauce Money I went from no dough to show dough to money to blow From umm, hoe I don't know, to get deez Never, "Excuse me miss," bitch please, never try to provoke Same disrespectful cat I was when I was broke Ain't nuttin changed baby but the different faces I stop or maybe some of the places I shop Now that I run through tracks like cleets with a Air for some of the hottest beats, still catch me eatin at Pete's Fuck the foul cat who screamed out and threatened my life It's all good, here I come kid, dead to the hood til I'm in the dirt, foul cats like termites come out of the woodworks, if they think you stack paper Dead niggaz react later while the cancer spread Teach a team how to scheme before they answer lead You know me, I used to shoot hoops in the park, ain't nothin changed except now I push Coupe's in the dark Chorus (Sauce Money instead of Jay-Z) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: In My Lifetime 12" Song: Can't Get With That Typed by: i3omb1st@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay=Z] Yeah!! Check it, check it out Uhhh, haha, gotta keep it fat Chorus: Jay-Z (repeat 2X) I can't get with that I gotta keep it thick never miss so I hit em like this [Jay-Z] Straight to the track, my lyrics is phat, I rip it the hell -- down More than a fluke, I'm regularly wreckin this joint so what -- now With so many niggas that's biting it's harder to detect who I be Well check out the J, check out the A, check out the Y, Z Original rap, I'm makin it slap, I'm hemmin it up like that Stingin it, strikin it, swingin it fat, * DJ reverse * bring it back I be that nigga with a gat, boom-clack Don't ever sweat it when I go, I zoom back Better than ever, never better, you better, whatever I suggest the Ex-Lax and that'll get your shit together I give you a snotty nose from body blows Nobody's safe at a party even Gotti goes adios I got-got-got Flav-flav-flav-flavor, so save yours One verse and it's a hearse, I played and I slayed yours Get it, got it, ready to flip, I doubt it No need to prolong, check out the man gone, haha Chorus [Jay-Z] The next, player, never get no rest, you're livin with stress Cause just around the corner beez the best player You're fearin my clout, if weed got you runnin your mouth You better blow that shhhiiitt out The Jigga's back, you brothers are flat I'll amaze the way that Jay rap, now how in the hell did he say that? You diggin me, the, epitome of, rippin it raw You kiddin me, no artist that rap, gettin bigger thzn me Although these cats are wettin my style, I'm still thristy And we all gotta fall off, but you first G I'll be the last, it'll be a, cold day in hell  before you see me, Sauce and Jaz, chillin with your wack ass We make hits, and harmony, like Take 6 While you brothers double pumped up them fake hits Our Roc-A-Fella never Sell-A-Out Brothers who don't have the heart, you better tell your mouth, uh Chorus [Jay-Z] Ha-hah This how we do All year round, this is how it goes down Now check it out I don't kick it I punt it, I'm so wicked you want it? My tongue is tired from lickin my fingers and countin up hundreds So I bought a money machine and it goes A tat-tat-trrrittaat-tat-triiatttt-at-tit-tit-tit-dough How many styles I gotta kick to prove I'm def? I can even-hah-kick my-hah-rip that shit-hah-and catch a breath You can't see this, ask this nigga Dash Now he don't count cause I'm makin him mad rich This nigga's nothin but the truth Many view Jay-Z as a threat to they loot.. so my thing is tight, can't slip, gotta grip like a pit in a dog fight, yo, I'm a-iight I ain't checkin for you 'less you my peoples And just in case you didn't know peep the -- steelo It goes, one dime for your mind Two bone crushers for your spine Cause none of ya game is rougher than mine Chorus: repeat 2X Ha-hah.. Jay-Z.. live in the ninety-five with a little help along, c'mon Sacue Money defintly repesentin Big Jaz in the house Superman production type shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: In My Lifetime 12" Song: In My Lifetime (Original Ski Mix) Typed by: i3omb1st@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay=Z] This song here.. .. is dedicated to Danny Dan, and may he rest in peace Who at his funeral left us with the words that  he did it his way (uh-huh, uh-huh) So, I have no other choice but to do it my way Uh-huh, uh-huh Uhh! While niggaz are shootin stupid  I'm carefully plottin, ways to make it rotten Well planned hits until you're long forgotten Y'all niggaz that utilize my style don't hurt me, cause on the low  half of these rappin-ass niggaz wanna work for me Now picture me standin on somebody block tryin to rock I drop bombs and niggaz see me with that dough by eight o'clock My feet never touch the concrete, just street sweep awards While you're starin on my dick nigga, gimme yours! I don't hassle with capsules cause that'll make the grass grow and get a project nigga paid up the asshole if I'ma risk a frisk, gettin my wrists wrapped up in steel I'm out here tryin to make a mill', my shit is real for real While others worship guns I worship tons of money tons of fun, laughin at shit that ain't even funny So I ain't pressed to make a CD, I took it slow Eighty percent of these niggaz with deals  can't see me with the dough, uhh! Chorus: Jay-Z In my lifetime, I need to see a whole lot of dough  I need a whole lot of dough (for real!) In my lifetime, I need to see a whole lot of stash  I need a whole lot of cash (stay real!) In my lifetime, I need to see a whole lot of dough  I need a whole lot of dough * In my lifetime, I need to see a whole lot of stash  I need a whole lot of cash *1: (for real!) *2: (true!) *3: (true!) [Jay-Z] More ice than winter ninety-four I toured the fifty states with a trunk of raw Recrutin, I'm hittin shortiess with consignment, but don't play me Ohh you gon' pay me, y'all niggaz ain't crazy! I'm laid back in the five thousand Italian leather seat recliner under some vagina, discussin the finer, things My crib is mean, watchin a hundred inch screen Lettin the shorties slide by once in a while and let em dream They think I've mastered the game cause dames scream my name  with passion, I tell em stop flashin and start stashin And we'll all get off the corner, the only heat you'll feel  is from a sauna, lettin bubbles shoot up your ass if you wanna And fuck that weed, it keeps you broke, invest in pounds of herbs and profit if niggaz wanna smoke dope But keep your nuts cause this is a man's game And we'll all pop champagne til it's a damn shame Chorus [Jay-Z] I'm shootin to Vegas gamblin green-o at the casino Schoolin the dice like Vinny Barberino Welcome back, the ninety-four version of the mack As soon as these ladies see me they don't know how to act Cause like that, nigga, never twist the cap of malt liquor Only pop and droppin Cristal's down my throat, take a swigga My style, ladies intoxicated by my profile Your rollin with a pro with, money to blow child You need to feel how sweet the skills be to come and slide down Sugar Hill with me The high roller, rolled up on your dice game  Unfold a pack of bills, grab my balls then bet it all I never slept, cause sleepin keeps you deep in debt On the block you lucky if you see my silhouette I'm ghost, envied by most So I keep a crew of crazy tenants that's sling toast, fucker Chorus [Jay-Z] Haha, f'real! Jay-Z lives Ski, Roc-a-Blok Productions, uh-huh, uh-huh Dame Dash.. ha-ha Roc-a-fella Records.. uh-huh Everybody from Brooklyn Sauce Money, Big Sarge, B Hah DJ Clark Kent, everybody Uptown ?, my V-A click running thick D'Shawn definitly in the house Roughness y'all, this how we do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Jockin Jay-Z (Single) * Song: Jockin Jay-Z Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com * cut from retail release of "The Blueprint 3" [Intro: Sample from "Dumb Girl" by Run-D.M.C.] I seen you jockin Jay-Z cause he got a Mercedes and you know about his ladies... [Chorus: Sample from "Dumb Girl" by Run-D.M.C.] (Jay-Z) I seen you Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z  Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, yeah!) Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, Yeah!) Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay Jockin Jay Jockin jockin Jay-Z (I'm so dope boy fresh!) I seen you Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z  Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, yeah!) Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, Yeah!) Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay Jockin Jay Jockin jockin Jay-Z (I'm so dope boy fresh!) [Verse 1] Who's house? Hov no doubt 'Bout the only rapper still gettin money in the drought I moves out, in the global, I'm a mogul Fifty thousand feet in the air and I'm still on my mobile Fuck talking bout the recession the shit's depressin I rock with Obama but I'm not a politician And I , chill with the thugs and the gangsters too I ain't a blood but I'm warrin with the boys in blue Crooked officer!!! crooked officer!!! Why you wanna see me in a coffin sir?! Is it against the law the way I'm flossin sir?! Benzes, Rolls Royces and Porches, UGHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!! Haters like Hov why you still talkin money shit?  Cause I like money BITCH!!!! I like fly shit, you like gossip I let you do you, why you ridin my tip? [Chorus: Sample from "Dumb Girl" by Run-D.M.C.] (Jay-Z) I seen you Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z  Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, yeah!) Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, Yeah!) Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay Jockin Jay Jockin jockin Jay-Z (I'm so dope boy fresh!) I seen you Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z  Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, yeah!) Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, Yeah!) Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay Jockin Jay Jockin jockin Jay-Z (I'm so dope boy fresh!) [Verse 2] That bloke from Oasis said I couldn't play guitar Somebody shoulda told him I'm a fuckin rock star {*imitating "Wonderwall"*} Today, is gonna be the day That I'm gonna throw it back to yoooooou I'm livin life as a rocker, I'm like Pimp C, pat'na Comin down in Mercedes, peelin off on the boppers Worldwide show, I'm comin down in a chopper Hundred eighty-thou screamin "Hov!" with the Roc up It's too easy!!! I got ladies on shoulders showin me they chi-chis I met honey at the show last year And now I'm actin brand new like a +world premier+ Yeah, I know life ain't fair But chill, baby girl - MY GIRL IS HERRRE! I got models in a mosh pit Dancin off-beat, but they know the words to my shit! [Chorus: Sample from "Dumb Girl" by Run-D.M.C.] (Jay-Z) I seen you Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z  Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, yeah!) Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, Yeah!) Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay Jockin Jay Jockin jockin Jay-Z (I'm so dope boy fresh!) I seen you Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z  Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, yeah!) Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, Yeah!) Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay Jockin Jay Jockin jockin Jay-Z (I'm so dope boy fresh!) [Verse 3] You ain't gotta jock Jay-Z, jock fly shit You ain't gotta jock me, homey, jock my chick Jock her cinatti, she +Body+ you with her fit No that's not Pilates, her body is just thick You ain't gotta jock her nigga, jock my clique  Jock the dope boys 'cause we all tossed bricks  Federallis jock me while I'm crossin the bridge  Click, click - take a portrait of this I ain't no pretty boy I got a georgeous wrist  Cut handsome checks and my flow's pretty, sick I'm some ghetto chic, I'm where the hood and high fashion meet Oooh wee I'm like the camouflauge Louis How you niggas want it the tux or the toolie?! Haters, I ain't mad at you If I wasn't I probably jock me too [Chorus: Sample from "Dumb Girl" by Run-D.M.C.] (Jay-Z) I seen you Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z  Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, yeah!) Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, Yeah!) Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay Jockin Jay Jockin jockin Jay-Z (I'm so dope boy fresh!) I seen you Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z  Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, yeah!) Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay-Z Jockin Jay-Z (Yeah, Yeah!) Jockin Jockin Jockin Jay Jockin Jay Jockin jockin Jay-Z (I'm so dope boy fresh!) [Outro: Jay-Z] I'm so dope boy fresh!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ T-Pain Album: Maybach Music 2 (Remix) 12" Song: Maybach Music 2 (Remix) * Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com * original "Maybach Music 2" appeared on Rick Ross' "Deeper Than Rap" [Chorus: T-Pain] Hey! Realest shit I ever wrote, chilling in my Maybach Whatever I send out, homie I'ma make back Hey! Can you believe that? (whoooooa) You gotta see it, hey! I don't plan on going broke, put that on my Maybach cause I'm in it to win now, niggas can't take that Listen to my Maybach music, to my Maybach music [Jay-Z] It smell like summertime to me! {"What is this?"} First one to cop, I'm the Maybach muse First one in the coupe, I'm on my third six-deuce White guts, black Benz I call that bitch Affirmative Action Oreo, the Obama Curtains drawn, they can't see me, Osama Cashmere throws, that's a splash of class S.C. initials on the Tiffany glass I guess on the initial Maybach I was way too official, they ain't call Jay back I'm just a bully, I apologize and if you would've asked, I probably would've lied Huh, this better, no pressure as my mind reclines on white leathers I think back to my first Maybach Baby blue sides, I called her my Similac Six-deuce every time, I never had the Heinz Fifty-seven can't catch up to mines No diss to Ricky, this his song But everybody know this the shit that I been on No fives, no four-point-ohs So no partitions, a no-no for Hov' {"Sweet"} I'm a just a top-drawer nigga Penthouse every time, I'm a top-floor nigga As I drift off further Chauffeur serves the city, observers Oohs and ahhs, they know who's inside Though I never touch the wheel, I won't lose my drive Oohs and ahhs, they know who's inside On the factory shoes, I won't lose my stride [Chorus: T-Pain] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: MTV Unplugged Song: People Talkin' (Bonus Track) Typed by: datnigguuh2003@yahoo.com [Sample] [Its like finding feathers on a housecat] (Jay-Z) Lemme take yall somewhere else right now [Its like searching for a needle in a haystack] Lemme get yall to zone out wit me, man (Its aight, dont be scared) Take yall niggaz left and center(zone out wit) Bullshit [Sample Chorus]2x I hear the people talk(I hear yall) Yes sir and when you walk(Yall hear me) Your kind is hard to find  Darling, I'm glad youre mine (Jay-Z talking during chorus) Yall niggaz should twist up sumthin  Real real real tight right here Zone out wit ya boy If you dont smoke, grab you sumthin to drink Mix it up right If you dont smoke or drink  Man, just light up a inscense Fuck it Close ya eyes... vibe wit me I want yall to really hear me [Verse] I speak through music, I reach you dudes We can get deeper in the dirt than cleat shoes I refuse to lose I peep you creeps three months in advance I SEE RIGHT THROUGH YA, JUDAS! The man that I am and damn you dont know The harder you go at me the harder I flow Lets do this I'm just a mirror reflectin your image The minute you switch up your face I pick up the pace There's nothin to it Pull hammers from my waist  We can clap at this amateur pace  If that's what's crackin  Or we can play this on All Madden Can you even fathom not havin a fear in the world I'm cool in my afterlife  If I'm readin these chapters right Please what have you, I breeze through Matthews Bleed if I have to, you cowards die a thousand deaths Fake fucks face-down on your housing steps Are yall even gettin this message?  I aint bein aggressive But if you testin my life then, shit I gotta answer Gotta cut off the cancer, young'n, pull your pants up You gettin too big for ya britches You fuckin wit a dude that did it wit digits Breathing's a privilege Dont you know... when youre defeated?  Wont you throw? Throw in the towel  I'm better with vowels I'm a man of principle; damn-near invincible In my own mind now that my soul's aligned I didnt know before now my role's defined: Take hold or control of what's mine  COME AND GIT MEEEEEEE Come and take my life, you comin wit me Come and try to take me for granted  I'll take you off this planet Damn it, man this is a gift from God This ain't happenstance that your arms are too short to box Plus we knuckle up unorthodox You can't take me off my grind GET OFF MY COCK Whatchu thought? It's da ROC [Sample]repeated 3x I hear the... (Jay-Z) Back in the mix of the scuffle Since '86 I was sick wit the hustle(Wooh!) Git a couple of chicks to touch you(Wooh!) Feather-weight fucker dont ever hate on the brothers (talking) Heh-heh Thought I was playin but you niggaz'll stop now I aint gotta sell another record in my life THE BLUEPRINT 2, BABY!!(Mm-hmm) SEE YALL IN NOVEMBER (Oh shit) [Sample chorus]1x I hear the people talk(C'MON!) Yes sir and when you walk(C'mon) Your kind is hard to find  Darling, I'm Darling, I'm Darling, I'm [Fades out] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & Santogold Album: Notorious Soundtrack/Brooklyn (Go Hard) 12" Song: Brooklyn (Go Hard) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Santogold] BROOKLYN!!! BROOKLYN!!! BROOKLYN!!! BROOKLYN!!! BROOKLYN!!! WE GO HARD!!! WE GO HARD!!!! [Chorus: Santogold] Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! [Verse One: Jay-Z] This is black hoodie rap, there's no fear in my eyes where they lookin at Better look on map, Besides, mi nah like to eye fight Mi nah think such a ting is worth a man's life (CHRIST!!!) But if a man test my Stuy, I promise he won't like my reply Boom Bye Bye like Buju I'm crucial I'm a Brooklyn boy I may take some gettin use to Chain snatchin, ain't have it, gotta get it Same shitted, from Brownsville to Bainbrididge Fatherless child, mama put double shifts So the number runners was the only one I hanged widith Before you know it I'm in the game, bang fidith Fit no orangutans piddeals ciddaps like orange's I'm dangerous PLEASE!!! Tell me what the name of this is [Chorus: Santogold] (Jay-Z & Santigold) Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! (B-R-O-O-K!!!) Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! (L-Y-N!! COME AGAIN!!!) Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! (B-R-O-O-K!!!) Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! (L-Y-N!! COME AGAIN!!!) [Verse Two: Jay-Z] I father, I Brooklyn Dodger them I Jack, I Rob, I sin Awww man, I'm Jackie Robinson Except when I run base, I dodge the pen Lucky me, lucky we, they didn't get me Now when I bring the Nets I'm the Black Branch Ricky From Brooklyn corners, burnin branches of sticky Spread love, Biggie, Brooklyn, hippie I pity, the fool with jewels like Mr. T With long history in my borough, they borrow With no intentions of returnin, tomorrow The sun don't come out for many, like Annie Half orphan, mama never had an abortion Papa sort of did, still I managed to live I go hard, I owe it all to the crib Now please tell me, what the fuck's harder than this!!!! [Chorus: Santogold] (Jay-Z & Santigold) Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! (B-R-O-O-K!!!) Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! (L-Y-N!! COME AGAIN!!!) Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! (B-R-O-O-K!!!) Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! (L-Y-N!! COME AGAIN!!!) [Verse Three: Santogold] While I'm doin my time due to circumstance Cross that bridge is the consequence Once pretend now I paid my dues Risk takers we break the rules Get so dark, but I see good Bed-Stuy stay high in my neck of the woods Now, let it ring out, it's a warnin (BROOK-LYN!!!) Let it be sworn in Gotta make it stick workin like we good color Rip it to the core, underneath it or we oughta Right into the clip, bring it to the floor One step one step give it up more All this stuff and the streets are a mess With big ass dreams and a sick death wish Probably like the commercials says Kill the voice screamin in my head [Chorus: Santogold] Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! [Outro: Santogold] Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Amil, Memphis Bleek, Timbaland Album: Nutty Professor II: The Klumps Soundtrack Song: Hey Papi Typed by: ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Timbaland](Jay-Z) All my mamis bounce, uh (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) (Come on) I said all my mamis bounce (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) (Bounce with me) I said all my mamis bounce (Yeah, yeah, uh, uh, uh yeah-yea-yeah, yeah-yea-yeah) (Come on) I said all my mamis bounce (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah-yeah) Freaky-freaky... [Jay-Z] Ay yo I got a resolution This year I'm playing right No six fifteen this year You can stay the night We can go bowling it ain't like before Can't y'all see that I'm growing? I was so immature I was young and having money Having honeys come to the crib Thinkin' they shit and they couldn't get cab money from me Some bad chicks didn't get pass the bridge I went to One Trump Plaza on their asses' No room service just snacks and shit Work with those Lil' Debbies and when your done get ready The chicks I was fiendin' to smash Let 'em lean on the cash Will take 'em on long trips Break 'em with long dick There was no such thing as strong relationships But I'm off that playa shit I need a chick that practice Tai Chi That still can buy weed And can give me some good head And I'll make her remind me, uh-huh [Jay-Z] (Amil) (Hey papi) Even if they don't understand the flow They understand the dough My ladies going (Hey papi) Promise you'll never let me go Promise you'll never leave me Promise we'll grow, they going (Hey papi) Even if they don't understand the flow They understand the dough The ladies going (Hey papi) Promise you'll never let me go Promise you'll never leave me Promise we'll grow, they saying [Memphis Bleek] Yo, yo, yo, yo the only thing Bleek spinning is Them chrome wheels spinning on them new rims Home suspended from school again I'm grown, still ill ladies love to be a deal, like Bleek Can I feel up on your wood and grill? It's a hood thing, wood grain, off the chain She give me good brain Love the way I push my slang Callin' my jack soon as the hop in my V They catching contact, weed smoke all up in the weave Bet'cha man can't do it like this, like this I bet his wrists ain't bluish like this, like this And I'm from Marcy you catch me on anybody's block Rappin' thug, the Roc Hoes they all clock like [Jay-Z] (Amil) (Hey papi) Even if they don't understand the flow They understand the dough My ladies going (Hey papi) Promise you'll never let me go Promise you'll never leave me Promise we'll grow, they saying (Hey papi) Even if they don't understand the flow They understand the dough The ladies going (Hey papi) Promise you'll never let me go Promise you'll never leave me Promise we'll grow, they saying [Jay-Z] I was the worse I used to switch chicks every day Had niggas mad for real like "I wish he was gay" Cause they knew sooner or later hun was gettin' with Jay Just a matter of time she was gettin' with Jay I'll have your chick in the summer tropics sippin' on 'zae Spittin' up in the Pacifics smoking spliffs in the shade She used to love ya, but she feeling different today You used to smother her, look at your honey slippin' away Consorting with hustlers, niggas that be giving her space She said she feel free when she's around me I'm letting her do her and in turn she's doing me She on the phone with her friends like how cool is she [Jay-Z] (Amil) (Hey papi) Even if they don't understand the flow They understand the dough My ladies going (Hey papi) Promise you'll never let me go Promise you'll never leave me Promise we'll grow, they going (Hey papi) Even if they don't understand the flow They understand the dough The ladies going (Hey papi) Promise you'll never let me go Promise you'll never leave me Promise we'll grow, they saying (Hey papi) Even if they don't understand the flow They understand the dough My ladies going (Hey papi) Promise you'll never let me go Promise you'll never leave me Promise we'll grow, they going (Hey papi) Even if they don't understand the flow They understand the dough The ladies going (Hey papi) Promise you'll never let me go Promise you'll never leave me Promise we'll grow, they saying (Hey papi) Even if they don't understand the flow They understand the dough My ladies going (Hey papi) Promise you'll never let me go Promise you'll never leave me Promise we'll grow, they going (Hey papi) Even if they don't understand the flow They understand the dough The ladies going (Hey papi) Promise you'll never let me go Promise you'll never leave me Promise we'll grow, they saying (Hey papi!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z, Cam'Ron, Freeway, Oschino & Sparks, Young Chris & Peedi Crakk Album: Paid In Full Soundtrack/Dream Team Mixtape Song: Roc Army Typed by: kfu12@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [DJ Clue] Part 1! [Memphis Bleek] The Roc! [Jay-Z] Roc, yeah y'all it's the Roc [DJ Clue] New shit, Roc Army (Chorus) [Scratches (Jay-Z)] "Memph, Memph, Memph, Memph Bleek" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Memphis Bleek &amp; Sauce Money Album: The Player's Club Sdtk Song: Marcy to Hollywood Typed by: HJWESS1@msg.pacbell.com [Jay-Z] ...back again & back again I went from Marcy to Hollywood & back again & back again As a youth I used to hold the weed up old heads said I thought more like a soldier than a leader in order to succeed I had to slow my speed up didn't listen to stuff took another puff of the chieva they said believe us or not trust is somethin' you earn with every mistake you make back to us you return probably would go Hollywood I thought he was jokin' My first taste of fame I hit the first thing smokin' All engulfed into honeys the pussy was tight if she threw the pussy right I got mushy like Damn baby I love you take all my cash "You ain't got to lie Jay," you already gettin' the ass She loved that I was a thug it turned her on soon as I got soft it turned her off I got relaxed put my feet up start dissin' my friends & that's when the ceiling fell in I went from Marcy to Hollywood & back again & back again I went from Marcy to Hollywood & back again & back again I came through with the shines like the streets was blind didn't master my Algebra no caliber Stick me? I was thinkin' how & for what but reality bites like a thousand mutts Nothin' worse than the person that's foul with guts to stick you quicker... [Bleek] This brand new nigga yup this is the foulest this ain't Hollywood It's the Wild West whoever guns is the loudest that's who's the best now take ten steps & draw who dope can take ten steps & remain raw Who has no regards for the law? Me that's who now let me ask you Did you not know if we all don't eat some day that we all would beef? Did you know about the crabs in the barrow they would hear me creep it's a muthafuckin' war in these streets I'm from the ghetto to the ghetto & I'm back again I'm back again I'm from the ghetto to the ghetto & I'm back again I'm back again [Jay-Z] ...from Marcy to Hollywood & back again & back again ...from Marcy to Hollywood & back again & back again [Sauce] As a youth I used to fold up old heads said I thought more like a leader than a soldier Back in the days never no heat thought shit was cool good cat personified even went to school learned wild shit made me feel kinda live off of nothin' with this bullshit 9 to 5 I stayed broke made me easier to provoke ready to yoke the first muthafucka that joked Same dude with the hard bottom went from laid back to locced out from talk it over to t...I shot him Ready to perish all the shit you cherish leave you the wettest I got a "You die first," fetish I can recall helpin' old chicks across the street now I help myself liftin' cats off they feet Can't give a fuck nigga I just lost my moms why I need to feel something steel in both my arms I went from Marcy to Hollywood & back again & back again I went from Marcy to Hollywood & back again & back again [Bleek] I'm from the ghetto to the ghetto & I'm back again I'm back again I'm from the ghetto to the ghetto & I'm back again I'm back again [Jay-Z] I went from Marcy to Hollywood & back again back again ...from Marcy to Hollywood & back again back again Uh huh uh geah since y'all niggas don't like to think. I'ma make it real easy for y'all. You got three different types of nigga. First cat, as a youth is real wild & for whatever reason he hit the money or whatever, cooled out. You got one cat that's ghetto, grimy always remained ghetto. You know that type. Then, you got one cat very smart young man. E'rybody wanted him to be a lawyer doctor whatever. Pressure drove him crazy he wiled out. Ha geah... ...Marcy to Hollywood & back again & back again back again Biotch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z  Album: Ruff Ryders * Ryde or Die Volume One Song: Jigga My Nigga Typed by: i3omb1st@AOL.COM, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Roc-A-Fella, Ruff Ryders, Swizz Beats It's almost over y'all Jigga, how real is that? Uhh, uhh, uhh, lights out niggaz! Chorus: Jay-Z (and Amil) (Jigga) 	What's my motherfuckin name? (Jigga) 	And who I'm rollin with huh? (My niggaz) 	Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh Niggaz better get it right, bitches better get it right, WHO?  (Jigga) 	What's my motherfuckin name? (Jigga) 	And who I'm rollin with huh? (My niggaz) 	Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh Niggaz better get it right, bitches better get it right [Jay-Z] Yeah.. yeah.. From the crap tables down in A.C. back on the block Jay-Z motherfucker from the, the, the Roc Went solo on that ass but it's still the same Brooklyn be the place where I serve them thangs B. my niggaz was strugglin, to the 'burbs they came And then we got to hustlin, murderin thangs I dipped in my stash, splurged on a chain Now I'm Titanic, Iceberg's the name Leave players on injured reserve, hurt the game The best way to describe me in a word, insane I dick down chicks all emerged in my fame Jigga been dope since Slick Rick's first chain The God, send you back to the earth from which you came I'm baking soda, waterfire, merged with 'cane Ladies don't know me said, "I heard he's vain" Well guess what mami? I heard the same You heard the name Chorus [Jay-Z] Yeah, uhh, I got a license to kill so I stare at the gat Roc-A-Fella, Ruff Ryders, niggaz scared of that Got a new motto this year, "Don't Fuck With My Ones" Knock on your door, three in the mornin,  "It's just us and the guns!" See I scrambled with priests, hustle with nuns I got the, mind capacity of a young Butch Cassidy Niggaz get fly, let em defy gravity Fo'-five rapidly lift your chest cavity Streets won't let me chill Always been a clumsy nigga, don't let me spill Muh'fuckers wanna wet me still, I remain y'all more than one, like five divided by four Shit, this just the hate that's been provided by y'all Reciprocated and multiplied by more You likely to see Jigga in a widebody or drop-top Bentley Azure, holla at me y'all Uh Chorus [Jay-Z] I don't give a fuck  if I sold one or one million, but I think you should Cause if I only sold one, then out comes the hood All black in the club, the outcome ain't good Them niggaz act like wolves, how come? They could Cause we don't drop hits, we drop bombs that smash Til the wrists is lit up, the arm looks like glass The necklace chipped up, the charm it flash Could fuck up your eyes like the bombest hash See the reason why chicks let me palm they ass All I gotta do is let em call me Shawn they glad Let me sit up in they whip til I launch it back Snap they neck, then shoot em til they arch them back The calmest cat, trust me when I palm this gat Kill your mind, body and soul, push your conscience back Monster's back, and Flex drop a bomb to that And e'rybody sing-a-long to the track, c'mon Uh-huh uhh uhh Chorus: Jay-Z (and Amil) (Jigga) 	What's my motherfuckin name? (Jigga) 	And who I'm rollin with huh? (My niggaz) 	Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh Niggaz better get it right, bitches better get it right, WHO?  (Jigga) 	What's my motherfuckin name? (Jigga) 	And who I'm rollin with huh? (My niggaz) 	Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh Niggaz better get it right, bitches better get it right, WHO? (Jigga) 	What's my motherfuckin name? (Jigga) 	And who I'm rollin with huh? (My niggaz) 	Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh Niggaz better get it right, bitches better get it right, WHO?  (Jigga) 	What's my motherfuckin name? (Jigga) 	And who I'm rollin with huh? (My niggaz) 	Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh Niggaz better get it right, bitches better get it right.. (Jigga) ... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Sprung soundtrack Song: Who You Wit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uh-huh, yeah hah Never sprung huh? Jigga, Roc-a-Fella y'all Never sprung huh? Yeah, peep the repertoire Peoples, feel me on this one Peoples, feel this Never sprung huh? Know my style I love bitches, thug bitches, shy bitches Rough bitches, don't matter you my bitches Gold diggers witcha eyes on my riches Can't Knock your Hustle for real, exotic bitches I'm game tight, see it all through the platinum french braids with the french name in the same night Pull you and your tight friend lift your little dress like light wind, hah, then I slide right in You know the whole repertoire, U.S. to the U-S-S-R Sexier than a Lexus car Match wits with the best of y'all the rest of y'all is like veg-etables in my presence, check it Reminescin to nuttin you ever heard, Iceberg Slim baby ride rims through the suburbs Funds come in lump sums never ends deferred Get money like I'm down South Wednesday the 3rd, it's on 	*chorus* Dough to get, more shows to rip I suggest you all roll with the click, who you wit Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick More O's than you know exist, bitch who you wit Can't scheme on em, Roc-a-Fella got a team on em Chicks dream on him trick cream on him Lose it when dudes think it's just music Lean on em flash green on em and diamond rings on em Sex around the way girls down to meet eyes I'm somethin every girl gotta have like Levi's Ya quita, me got more, see I ball You can love me or hate me, either or I'ma stay widdit, rock the custom drop Bentleys Never eat at Denny's and party like Lil Penny can he live? Trick or main chick but if she leave just as quick, indian give, ha-hah Now what I look like? Givin a chick half my trap like she wrote half my raps, yeah, I'm havin that you be the same chick when you leave me the bankbook and the credit cards and take everything you came wit 	*chorus* You know the move's major, never minor cause when you a true player, they never find ya We takin trips abroad with chicks from afar Down in the grill in the Villa gettin hilla Never know em at the resort, readin to ride with us all Checkin out this new wine, inhalin the cork Million miles from the puddles the rainy days the tussles Reign in ways to hustle, so we won't get caught Had beef of all sort but I turned it around Chose my steps more wisely, I'm learnin the ground I was so gung-ho when I earned my first pound Now it's million dollar deals, straight turnin em down Roc-a-Fella make or break me, til death do us Won't be in your right mind, you ever step to us Been there, when I was in my tenth year, went there Then I realized that it didn't make sense there Backtrack, show me where the cash at, and plus frivilous beef, please, we lookin past that Y'all can gossip while we learnin the world Drop the hot shit never returnin your girl, it's on 	*chorus* (repeat 4X) Beyatch! Jigga, nine-seven shit, next millenia Recognize, realize, it's on Roc the block, ahh Laughin, it's on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beanie Sigel f/ Jay-Z Album: The B. Coming/State Property Presents Vol. II: Chain Gang Song: It's On Typed by: ThC2000n3@yahoo.com [Beanie Sigel] Bare witness to the greatest, can't beat us, join us Keep heaters on us, wit red lasers Now fair warning, sure shots wont graze ya We hug corners, play blocks like Gators With bundles on us, serve tre's like waiters It's the life we chose to hustle Can't stop it, can't knock it Half the profit get flown out Vegas Me and my niggaz try an' break tables Stack chips like Connect Four While you prick's try and whip try and stretch more Charge less for, that ain't the program Get ya lessons from the snow man Like Pillsbury I get the doe man I'll off ya head for a slice of bread I keep my word and I'm true to my peeps Give me a bird and my crew gon' eat I'm over the stove like +Cuban Links+ Breakin' down +Cash Money+ like +Baby+ do You niggaz soft like baby food 'Round the world niggaz pay me dues While you niggaz sing the same old song like Sadies do Grown man nigga, baby who? I'll send you shots from the baby zoo Old game like Grady fool Propane flow flame you dudes No name's don't claim ya shoes Once again its on nigga, Sigel hard like corn liqour I'll take you out this world like you was born nigga Butt naked covered in blood, gaspin' for air Clingin' for dear life, nigga you dead right [Jay-Z] Since you was a baby coward We been sprinklin' the world with baby powder +So Fresh and So Clean+ Been an outcast since I was a teen But I outlast cuz I outblast anybody you bring Young, you got it the prophet I told ya'll niggaz Then I showed ya'll niggaz, you +Can't Knock It+ Don't get carried away, you a mute nigga (mute nigga) Where was you nigga? I was doin' this here like Mary J. Like +Every Day+, and was true nigga [Beanie Sigel] They can't question what we do Jigga. [Jay-Z] Once again it's on, Young run through you niggaz Like a glitch in the computer nigga I'm the shit, I'm a sewer nigga This is Jay everyday, no days off, Ferris Bueler nigga [Beanie Sigel] B-Sig' Fred Kruger niggaz Nightmare ??? nigga You scared cuz I grew with Jigga He said "Sig' you that nigga," couldn't see his vision But then he drew the picture, like a compository sketch Yeah Sig' stay honest I'll deposit you a check There's a secret society, all we ask is trust No G money shit all we gots is us True indeed, yes, more better, yes More cheddar, S.P. chain, jeans and sweaters Movies, cartoons, labels, etcetera Fill in the blanks and drop blocks like tetris or Get off the block, run south with M. Betha From my block to your block, shout out to M Extra Who the fuck (fuck) want (want) what (what) None of you niggaz is B-Sig' word I'm done with you niggaz [Beanie Sigel] Once again it's on, fuck it we ain't through wit niggaz Twin towers here to ruin niggaz You couldn't break up the towers with Tomjanovich or Osama bombin' shit We slay niggaz wit K's, we the drama men Get it right young scrap don't even try it boy (boy) You rather slide down the razor blade slidin' board I'm a live wire, hoolahoop barb wire Run through hell with gasoline draws on You can't mute me put the pause on My guns shoot like fast-foward's on And dress cute when the war's off What you doin' dawg, you playin' wit it You make your bed right you layin' in it You keep your ?share? tight you stayin' in it You bringin' niggaz where your kids sleep I sing to niggaz while the kids sleep Rock-a-bye muthafucka. I hope you high muthafucka. Ready to die muthafucka. Who shot ya? Seperate the weak from State Prop' the Kids who squash beef and run them streets [Jay-Z] Once again it's on nigga, bring the drama to ya lawn nigga Tell ya mama {?| get ready to mourn sista, it's a See what you got here's a full blown twister You nothin' but hot air, it's not fair The reason why we lead the pack, this is a marathon You start off fast then you weezin' in the back So even if I slack, I got enough lee-way To put out The Reason by the Mac, Philadelphia Freeway And I'm back, without leavin' I'm here, but you can't see him I gave you the Blueprint but you can't be him So no matter what you been told or the records you sold Deep inside you know that it's only one Hove Young Vito, voice of the young people If my life is a movie then Sigel be the sequel We bring it to your door with Bleek peekin' through your peek hole And don't get scared nigga, alert ya people [Beanie Sigel] Once again it's on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Stop (S) Song: Stop (Alternate Version) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Swizz Beats] Swizzy...Beats... Aiyo I cannot (Stop), I will not (Stop) AS WE PROCEED [Verse 1] Young Hov got the block on smash Put the gun to the back and hop on some ass Nigga fresh-dressed and stay poppin' tags Put the (?) on the truck 'for I drop the rag Bitches want to bring up the topic of my past It's legendary in the hood how I got my cash I'm legendady in the hood so I got the mag And I've never been a fronter so I've got to blast Will I flash... Not... As I'm not playing with you motherfuckers the casket drops You bastards not gon' assassinate the name I got Ya'll hear me though Young Hov got the block on smash And everybody and their momma want to stop my cash Everybody want drama with the top of the brass 'Til I come through hop out the cab 1-8-7 they ass [Bridge] (Stop) Somebody 'gon (Drop) Ya'll hear me though... [Verse 2] Young Hov got the game in a frenzy Twenty million sold all independently So when you mention me Make sure you got together your 'semblies Like "he's the games J.F.Kennedy" I started out I ain't have no chimney My ma was Santa Claus, well at least she pretended to be 'Til one night, well that's if memory serves me correct I caught her under the Christmas tree Young Hov ain't have no pops Thank God man I had the block Ya'll hear me though You young fucks got the game all wrong This is my life man this ain't no song You ain't livin' your rhymes out, you live at your mom's house In that tight-ass room, pullin' the cars out And the mirror pointin' at your reflection, killing yourself You American Pie, stop feeling yourself Nigga, you just a worker, go deal yourself Stop being a server, get a meal yourself Where your heart at, all that yick-yack, ain't nobody scared of your gats We got bigger ones How many niggas done shot at me shivering They were so scared they ain't hit me once Young Hov 'bout to go to the range 'Bout to work on perfecting my aim Ya'll dont hear me though The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Super Ugly (White Label) 12"/DJ Kay Slay "Takeover Part 1" * Song: Super Ugly Typed by: Gemini_2050@Hotmail.com (corrections to the typist) * mixtape freestyles aren't normally published, but this one  is a specific response to "Ether" by Nas and noteworthy as such [Intro: sample singing from Nas "Got Urself A Gun"] (Woke up this morning) Uh oh!!!! (You got yourself a gun) Yeah, I got myself a gun, uh oh!!! Yeah, I got myself a gun, Brooklyn stand up!!! I got myself a gun [Verse 1] But really I don't need the heat Your heart pump project Kool Aid you sweet nigga I don't got a 2 way you gays This is not beef this is rap homey, I don't have a scratch on me You feel Jay soft rip Jay off Damn I'm only worth over a hundred million Look I got beef with like a hundred children Niggas with pink suits, tryin to get cute You a little outta line homey, don't let the nine hold me Put you out your mind homey, shit just rhyme homey Kick your little lies I kick my real facts Like you sneakin out the back of the source sound lab Huh, we wasn't chasin you, we had a tapin too We came through to do our one two thing It wasn't a Roc-A-Fella come through thing Cause if it was on like that niggas would come through Queens With Queens niggas you know how I do Look, I got more shooters in Queensbridge than you Niggas will tie you up on the colliseum roof And open beer bottles off the boy chipped tooth, look here I got myself a gun, uh oh!!! Yeah, I got myself a gun [Verse 2] Listen, I'm the J, the A to the fuck this broad Nigga never sold aspirin how you Escobar? Had to buy your chain back last time you got robbed The nerve of this coward nigga oh my god And I know rap rumors are in the windows I bring em to ya live lift up your windows Let the public peek in to your dirty laundry Y'all don't wan't me to continue HOV!!! [Chorus: sample from Dr. Dre f/ Knoc-turn'al "Bad Intensions"] Super ugly!!!.....(Cause I don't give a fuck) All I really know is your hoe wants to be with me, and she ain't playin And what I'm sayin (She creeps with me) And sleeps, between the sheets [Verse 3] Me and the boy AI got more in common Than just ballin and rhymin get it, more in Carmen I came in your bentley backseat, skeeted in your jeep Left condoms on your baby seat Yeah nigga the gloves is off, the love is done It's whatever, whenever, however nigga one And since you infatuated with sayin that gay shit Yes you was kissin my dick when you was kissin that bitch Nasty shit, you though I was bonin Vanette You callin Carm a hundred times I was bonin her neck You got a baby by the broad you can't disown her yet When does your lies end? When does the truth begins? When does reality set in or does it not matter? Gotta hurt I'm your baby mama's favorite rapper And ask your current girl, she knows what's up Holla at a real nigga cause nigga (I don't give a fuck) [Chorus: sample from Dr. Dre f/ Knoc-turn'al "Bad Intensions"] All I really know is your hoe wants to be with me, and she ain't playin And what I'm sayin (She creeps with me) And sleeps, between the sheets The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West & Jay-Z f/ Bon Iver, Nicki Minaj, Rick Ross, Charlie Wilson Album: My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy Song: Monster Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Justin Vernon of Bon Iver] Iiiiiiii shoot the lights out Hiiiiiiide 'til it's bright out Whooooooooa, just another lonely night Are you willing to sacrifice your life?  (WAHHHHHHHHHH!!) {*roars*} [Rick Ross] Bitch, I'm a monster, no-good blood sucker Fat motherfucker, now look who's in trouble As you run through my jungle, all you hear is rumbles Kanye West sample, here's one for example [Chorus: Kanye West] Gossip gossip, nigga just stop it Everybody know {I'M A MOTHERFUCKIN MONSTER} I'ma need to see ya fuckin hands at the concert I'ma need to see ya fuckin hands at the concert Profit profit, nigga I got it Everybody know I'm a motherfuckin monster I'ma need to see ya fuckin hands at the concert I'ma need to see ya fuckin hands.. [Kanye West] Uh, the best living or dead hands down, huh Less talk, more head right now, huh And my eyes more red than the devil is And I'm 'bout to take it to another level, bitch It's nada who you go and get, ain't nobody as cold as this Do the rap, and the track, tripled up and no assist And my only focus is, stayin on some bogus shit Argue with my older bitch, ackin like I owe her shit I heard the preacher sayin raps are gettin trap, mayne Bought the chain that always give me back pain Fuckin up my money so, yeah I had to act sane Chi nigga, but hes holdin up my ac-cent She came up to me and said, "This the number 2 gal" If you wanna make it number one, you're number two now This that Goose and Malibu I call it Maliboo-yah Goddamn, Yeezy~! How I hit em with the new style? Know that mothafucka well, what you gon' do now? Whatever ever I wanna do - GOSH! It's cool now Dah-gunna do, UNGH! Sa-noo nawh Think you motherfucka really really need to cool down (naaaow) 'Cause you will never get on top off this So mami, best advice is to get on top of this Have you ever had sex with a pharooooo-ahhh? I put the pussy in a sarcophagus! Now she claimin I bruise her esophagus Head of the class and she just want a swallow-ship I'm livin the future, so the present is my past My presence is a present, kiss my ass! [Jay-Z] Sasquatch, Godzilla, King Kong, Lochness  Goblin, ghoul, a zombie with no conscience Question: What do these things all have in common? Everybody knows I'm a motherfuckin monster! Conquer, stomp ya, stop your silly nonsense Nonsense, none of you niggaz know where the swamp is None of you niggaz have seen the carnage that I've seen I still hear fiends scream, in my dreams Murder murder in black convertibles I, kill a block, I murder the avenues, ah! Rape and pillage a village, women and children Everybody wanna know what my Achilles' heel is LOVE! I don't get enough of it All I get is these vampires and blood suckers All I see is these niggaz I made millionnaires Millin about, spillin they feelings in the air All I see is these fake fucks with no fangs Tryna draw blood with my ice cold veins {*sniffs*} I smell a massacre Seems to be the only way to back you bastards up {*roars*} [Nicki Minaj] Pull up in a monster automobile, gangsta wit a bad bitch that came from Sri Lanka Yeah, I'm in that Tonka, color of Willy Wonka You could be the king, but watch the queen conquer Okay first things first, I'll eat your brains Then I'ma start rockin gold teeth and fangs 'Cause that's what a motherfuckin monster do Hairdresser from Milan, that's the monster 'do Monster Giuseppe heel, that's the monster shoe Young Money is the roster and a monster crew And I'm all up, all up, all up, in the bank with the funny face And if I'm fake, I ain't notice 'cause my money ain't!!! So let me get this straight - Wait, +Im+ the rookie? But my features and my shows ten times your pay? 50k for a verse, no album OUT! Yeah my moneys so tall that my Barbies gotta climb it! Hotter than a Middle Eastern cli-mate, find it  Tony Matterhorn, +Dutty Wine+ it, wine it Nicki on dem titties when I sign iiiiiiiiit-AH! How these niggas so one-track mind-ed But really really I don't give a F-U-C-K Forget Barbie, fuck Nicki, so she's fake Shes on a diet, but my POCKETS EATIN CHEESECAKE! And Ill say, "Boy, the Chucky is Childs Play" Just killed another career, it's a mild day Besides Ye they cant stand besides meh I think me, you and {Amber} should menage Friday P-P-Pink wig, thick ass, give 'em whiplash I t-t-think big, get cash, make 'em blink fast N-N-Now look at what you just saw! This is what you live f-f-for! (AHHHHHHHHHHHH~!!!!!!) I'M A MOTHERFUCKIN MONSTER!!!!!  {*ROARS*} [Outro (Repeated 3X): Justin Vernon of Bon Iver] (w/ Uncle Charlie Wilson harmonizing) I-I, crossed the line, line And Ill, Ill let God decide, 'cide I,I wouldn't last these shows So I, I am headed home The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: When the Money Goes 12" Song: When the Money Goes Typed by: j.malik.b@gmail.com When the money goes, will the honeys stay? When the grey skies replace the sunny days Hey, hey, hey When the top back, I know I got that But when I'm locked up... ...Guru, let me get that again [Chorus x2] When the money goes, will the honeys stay? When the grey skies replace the sunny days Hey, hey, hey I got it now... [Verse 1] When my top back, I know I got that But when I'm locked up, and I'm not back And I collect call, will she accept that? Will she stay down, through my setbacks? Through my downfalls, and my downpours When them FBI boys is coming down for us I know you riding with a nigga through the Gucci store All through Prada, but what if I had nada? Would the babe even bother if the block got hotter? In the never-ending game that puts the cops versus robbers? Am I in clouds or are you just along for the ride? When I'm blasting out the window, will you grab the wheel and drive? [Chorus x2] When the money goes, will the honeys stay? When the grey skies replace the sunny days Hey, hey, hey [Verse 2] When I fall off, and the drought hits And it knocks me, out new outfits And the charm you got gotta hit the pawn shop And you feel like crying, but be strong and stop It was all good just a week ago Now I'm wearing the same clothes a week in a row Trying to scratch back Would she take a little check from her little job like, "Nigga, you can have that" You had belief in me, or would you beef with me? Is the good life the only thing you needed from me? Would she roll out? Is she so out when the stoves out? Or will she hold out? [Chorus x2] When the money goes, will the honeys stay? When the grey skies replace the sunny days Hey, hey, hey [Verse 3] And your friends know what Hov get it in for But let's just say that I didn't ride Benzo Would you say, "Girl, why you still with him for?" And if so, babe, why you around them hoes? All they see is paper, not potential And they don't have a nigga's back when he's in limbo And I ain't asking you to do a life bid with me I don't want you to die for me, baby, live with me I'm just saying, when the going gets rough Don't forget all the shines at the time I was showing up Show me the same love you showed me when blowing up You told me it was Roc for life, then throw it up [Chorus x2] When the money goes, will the honeys stay? When the grey skies replace the sunny days Hey, hey, hey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Gwen Dickey Album: Wishing on a Star (Import Single) Song: Wishing on a Star Typed by: agent_frog@hotmail.com, I3omb1st@aol.com [Chorus: Gwen Dickey] I'm wishing on a star to follow where you are I'm wishing on a dream to follow what it means [Jay-Z] Uh huh-uh-huh, yea Jigga Trackmasters, yea Ride Take it back, let's take it back, uh-huh [Verse 1: Jay-Z] Check, you can catch me on top now (top down), playin a club Throwin a shot down, tryin to stay above Ground, another ground-breakin day in the club Surrounded by my own thoughts, playin a cut Reminiscin' on days I ain't have a pot to piss in No watches to glisten, no V's with hot systems Missin my homies that passed right in front of my eyes Due to the fast life we told wonderful lies On how we would live forever, time proved us wrong Had to get ourselves together and move it along Had dreams of being Big niggas, Jig niggas Drivin the hottest cars, movin out with our moms and I'm [Chorus: Gwen Dickey] Wishing on a star to follow where you are I'm wishing on a dream to follow what it means [Verse 2: Jay-Z] Was interrupted by this chicken that I used to cluck wit Back in the days when I was movin much shit, "What up chick?" Maintainin, it's the same old thang A little stress, a little bullshit, ain't too much changed I see you kept it movin, you see I kept improving She nodded her head in agreement Remember when I used to walk up and down the cement, puttin it down Knew the +Streets+ was +Watchin+, stay hooded down Just to earn a rep, but what good is it now? She said "Damn I just stopped to say Hi.... Bye" I was too deep for you from day one Thats why we never had relations, continued in my own zone [Chorus: Gwen Dickey] I'm wishing on a star to follow where you are I'm wishing on a dream to follow what it means And I wish on all the rainbows that I see I wish on all the people who really dream And I'm wishing on tomorrow praying it will come And I'm wishing on all the loving we've ever done [Verse 3: Jay-Z] We used to play tap-tap for rap tracks Run, catch, and kiss in the back park until it got dark Wanted to be like the older males, sneak and drink old champ-ale Dangerous games we played on the third rail Fiend for the summer breeze Hopped out the Lee's Dungarees Into the Hawaiian shorts, relying on sports To take us away from here, but I cut too much So I had a plan B used to rhyme with a brush In the mirror My sinners used to back me up Like Doug E. Fresh and Ricky D., Eric, Mickey and Me All my niggas is you with me, each of ya'll Let's reach for the stars now... Jigga! [Chorus: Gwen Dickey] I'm wishing on a star to follow where you are I'm wishing on a dream to follow what it means And I wish on all the rainbows that I see I wish on all the people who really dream And I'm wishing on tomorrow praying it will come And I'm wishing on all the loving we've ever done The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Mary J. Blige, Swizz Beatz Album: Your Welcome 12" Song: Your Welcome Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Mary J. Blige] Turn, turn me up a little bit, when that music comes in it gets loud [Jay-Z]: Swizzy!!!!!! [Swizz Beatz] (Jay-Z) (*Mary J. Blige):  YES!!!!!!!! Hands up! Hands up! Hands up high!   Hands up! Hands up! Hands up high! (*La dee da da da!!!) (It be very different now, Swizzy) Hands up! Hands up! Hands up high! Hands up! Hands up! Hands up high!  (*Oh oh oh!)  (I need everybody put your hands up, wave from side to side right quick for me) Slow down HOV your killin 'em [Verse 1: Jay-Z] (Swizz Beatz) Yeah! You would think I was on 'roids I been hittin so long and I'n a big headed boy Nah we ain't on HGH Though I might pick up some weight when I'm runnin through your state (Runnin through your state!) Nah nah nah we ain't on the clear We on the runway in back to back Lairs (In the air!!!) Yeah Yeah! It's Ms. No More Drama And Barack Obama rhymers feel honored (Talk to 'em HOV) I put my life on these tracks You act like y'all don't wanna p-pay me for the facts Luckily my therapy is to rap I just bare my soul I don't expect nothin back (Get it up!) Your all welcome long as you felt them I was 'gon get mine you know where the hell I'm from I'm from the bottom so I do this from the diapers (Stinky!!!) Quick fast turn the big apple into cider (Nasty!!!) I do this, I'm a writer and a rider Spew it cause I'm nicer but I do this for the lifers (Tell 'em again Hov!!!) I'm a writer and a rider Spew it cause I'm nicer but I do this for the lifers, your welcome [Chorus: Mary J. Blige - singing in tune of Slick Rick's "La Di Da Di"] To all of y'all, keepin y'all in health Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself Your ahhhh-lll..., your ahhhh-ll Your ahhhh-ll are welcome (Yeah! Now everybody get yo' hands up) [Swizz Beatz] Hands up, hands up, hands up, high! Hands up, hands up, hands up, high! [Mary J. Blige] (Swizz Beatz) Your ahhhh-lll..., your ahhhh-ll Your ahhhh-ll are welcome (Slow down HOV Your killin 'em!) [Verse 2: Jay-Z] (Mary J. Blige) (*Swizz Beatz) Yeah yeah, you probably never see again (Uh-ah!) Somebody so deadly via the pen (No never no)  Viva Hovito bandito muy bien Big up to Biggie and Pac, I do it for them Until I rich Kaleek, I do it for him Do it for those who can't do for self do to the pen May these bars reach through your bar And ma, when Mary sing it heals your heart (*Hands up!!) God so Lisa Stansfield you are Love Is A Battlefield we all get scarred (*OH!!!!) AH! I put my heart into this This is much more than marketed music The reason I got a market to do this As there's people goin through pain I'm just walkin 'em through this (I'm here for you) This ain't no marketed music People goin through pain I'm just talkin 'em through it, your welcome [Chorus: Mary J. Blige - singing in tune of Slick Rick's "La Di Da Di"] To all of y'all, keepin y'all in health Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself Your ahhhh-lll..., your ahhhh-ll Your ahhhh-ll are welcome (Yeah! Now everybody get yo' hands up) [Swizz Beatz] Hands up, hands up, hands up, high! Hands up, hands up, hands up, high! [Mary J. Blige] (Swizz Beatz) Your ahhhh-lll..., your ahhhh-ll Your ahhhh-ll are welcome (Slow down Mary your killin 'em!) [Verse 3: Mary J. Blige] (Swizz Beatz) If it wasn't for your love it would all be a dream And you made our dreams come true That's why y'all don't need to thank us Cause we do this all for you (Talk to 'em Mary!) We know what you were goin through Because we were goin through it too When no one seems to understand We were always there to hold your hand [Verse 4: Jay-Z] (Swizz Beatz) Sure I taught you 'bout watch brands and watch bands I also said watch the man hoppin out of vans (WOO!!!!) I ain't only teach you about Efizel I told you how to fish and not let other niggas feed you, your welcome [Chorus: Mary J. Blige - singing in tune of Slick Rick's "La Di Da Di"] To all of y'all, keepin y'all in health Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself Your all are welcome, your all are welcome, your all are welcome [Outro: Swizz Beatz - *beatbox scratching*] Now everybody say, M-*juva*-J-*erva*-B *Eh-uh-eh-evra* H-*erra*-O-*evra*-V *Eh-uh-eh-evra* M-*juva*-J-*erva*-B *Eh-uh-eh-evra* H-*erra*-O-*evra*-V Now-now-now-now-now-now-now Knock 'em out the box, k-k-k-knock 'em out the box (Mary!) Knock 'em out the box, k-k-k-knock 'em out the box ( HOV!) Knock 'em out the box, k-k-k-knock 'em out the box,(Swizzy!) Knock 'em out the box, k-k-k-knock 'em out the box (Individuals!) HEY! (Get it up!) HO!! (Get it up!) HEY! (Get it up!) HO!! (Get it up!) HEY! (To the left!) HO!! (To the right!) HEY! (To the left!) HO!! (Good night!) Good night! Good night! Good night! Good night! Good night! Good night! Good night! Good night! Good night! Good night! Good night! Good night! Good night! Good night! Good night! Good night! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Jay-Z Album: If I Can't (Remix) 12" Song: If I Can't (Remix) Typed by: gods_plan_50@hotmail.com, eddie014@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro - 50 Cent] + (Jay-Z) (YES!) Yeah, ha, ha, yeah, yeah I know you hear the footsteps [Chorus - 50 Cent] If I can't do well, homey, it can't be done Now I'ma let the champagne bottle pop I'ma take it to the top Fo sho' I'ma make it hot, baby (baby) [Verse 1 - 50 Cent] I apply pressure to pussies, that stuntin' I pop Stand alone squeezin' my pistol, I'm sure that I gotta Now Peter Piper picked peppers, and Run rocked rhymes Now 50 Cent, I write a lil' bit, but I pop nines Tell niggaz, "Get they money right," cause I got mine And I'm around quit playin' nigga, you can't shine You gon' be that next chump, to end up in the trunk After bein' hit by the pump, is that what you want Be easy nigga, I lay your ass out Be-lieve me nigga, that's what I'm about, gangsta You could find a nigga sittin on chrome Hit the clutch, hit the gear, hit the gas and I'm gone (Yeah!) [Verse 2 - Jay-Z] + (50 Cent) Everybody wanna rhyme like Hov' 'Cause I rhyme like, I be rhymin' in the Rove', rhymin' in them HO! Ma like the diamond will blind you at the show I don't shine, I glow, I remind you of that dough Don't I, did I, hustle the game, just the thought alone Give me a boner, coach caved into a coma Can't out hustle a hustla You can't out play a player, this rap shit is a lay-up In my former buis' motherfuckers will spray ya In the music buis' motherfuckers, just say stuff Spit on ya sprayer, niggaz just play tough When the camera's on, when the camera's gone Niggaz wanna set up meetings 'Cause they know most likely when I see 'em, I'ma set up a beatin' Windows no tints, cars, no rims That's because we handle ours, like grown men I ain't touch ya wheels, sent I drove the Ben' That's 'cause it was a Coupe, nah I ain't suit I'm just telling the truth, you Tom Cruise You can't handle it, handle it, nigga is what I do I try to be modest, on "Blueprint 2" Y'all don't respect modest, y'all respect my dollars You gotta believe, I think like an artist But my bills through the roof, can't do numbers like The Roots (Oh No) No disrespect, I be tryna disconnect But niggaz keep pulling me back in, trapped in My pops gotta live wit this order, my whole live in disordered And I just got his living room ordered And you wanna why the chip on my shoulders Is more like a brick or a boulder, you understand maybe, when you get older Got a hundred niggaz on ya dick, saying you oughta Record like this or what have you, nigga's is back stabbing you Bitches mad at you, 'cause they can't have you Press wanna know about the daughter of Matthew Now it's back to the hood again, all Black hood again Back to old lady saying, what I coulda been Back to the gats, you forgot, I'm real good with them They gon' put a nigga in jail, oh well [Verse 3 - 50 Cent] + (Dr. Dre) I'm down for the action, he smart with his mouth so smack 'em You holdin' a strap, he might come back so clap 'em React like a gangsta, die like a gangsta for actin' 'Cause you'll get hit and homicide'll be askin, "What happened?" OH, NO, look who crept in with the FO', FO' Twenty inch rims sittin on LOW-PRO Eastside, Westside niggaz ALL KNOW, I'm LO-CO Even my mama said, "Something really wrong with my brain" Niggaz don't rob me they know I'm down to die for my chain G-UNIT! we get it poppin' in the hood G-UNIT! motherfucker what's good I'm waitin' on niggaz to act like they don't know how to act I had a sip of too much Jack, I'll blow 'em off the map With the Mac, thinkin it's all rap 'Til that ass get clapped, and Doc say "It's a wrap" (It's a wrap, nigga) [Verse 4 - Jay-Z] I'm not the two, not the three, not the four, the five I take the pain from my life, pour it all inside Take my strain and my strife, take my ego and pride Used it to kick down the door, brought my people inside And I hope you, ain't think I wrote this To entertain you, that ain't what I came to do I will bang you, I will act like orangutan's do I give you hot wings, turn niggaz to angels Understand my angle, I'm safety first Don't make me act, like the safety don't work Tough niggaz get it the worst, I'm beggin you come for us I'm giving motherfuckers, dirt com-forters [Verse 5 - 50 Cent] I been feelin I have to teach lessons to slow learners Go head act up, get smacked in the head with the burner I don't fight fair, I'm dirty-dirty I'm from Southside Jamaica, Queens, nigga ya heard me When streetlights come on, niggaz blast the nines Get locked up, they read books to pass the time In the game there's up's and down's, so I stay on the grind Niggaz on my dick more than my bitch, I stay on they mind They ain't nothin' they could do, to stop my shine This is +God's Plan+ homey, this ain't mine I played the music loud so grandpa called me a nuisance And grandma, who always gotta throw her two cents I'm the drop out who made more money than these teachers Roofless/ruthless like the Coupe, but I come with more features I am what I am, you could like it or love it It feels good to pull fifty grand and think nothin of it, fuck it [Chorus x2] [Outro - 50 Cent] Uh huh, hood make it hot Dr. Dre, Aftermath Shady, ha ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Diddy, Jay-Z Album: I Get Money (Forbes 1,2,3 Remix) Song: I Get Money (Forbes 1,2,3 Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: 50 Cent] The Giants play in New York, Forbes, 1,2,3 [Sample Courtesy Of "Top Billin" By Audio Two] (50 Cent) I Get Money I-I Get Money I-I Get I Get I Get I Get (Remix!!! AHHHHHHHH!!!!) [Chorus: Sample Courtesy Of "Top Billin" By Audio Two] (50 Cent) (*50 Cent adlib 1,2,3)(**Diddy) I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (Yeah) (*1,2,3) (**You know what it is!!!) Money-Money I Got, Money-Money I Got (I Run New York!!!) I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) (**Aww man!!!) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (Yeah) (*1,2,3) (**It's the billion dollar remix baby!!!) Money-Money I Got, Money-Money I Got (Yeah, I Run New York!!!) [Verse 1: 50 Cent] Come on man I'm hot now, drop now, top down I got style Been around the block pal imagine what I got now The Bentley the Ferrari, maybe the Bulgari Range and Maserati I got 'em all got damn My money, my, my, my money, long I blackout and break a bat over your ass like Barry Bonds I get it! I'm down for the jooks now what's up I'm with it I'm wit it! I told you I was gonna cake up I did it I did it! Niggas tryin to show me how to ball Man they tryin to buy some Gucci, I'm tryin to buy the mall (Oh yeah!) I ain't came to get a little bit I'm tryin to get it all My new bitch a cool bitch I'm fittin to make her spoiled If my watch is right, my stocks is right But don't be shocked tonight, if you get shot tonight Still gutter like a motherfucker Chipped up don't be surprised when I grip up You slip up you could get it [Chorus: Sample Courtesy Of "Top Billin" By Audio Two] (50 Cent) (*50 Cent adlib 1,2,3)(**Diddy) I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) (**OH!!!) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) (**OH!!!) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (Yeah) (*1,2,3) (**OH!!!) Money-Money I Got, Money-Money I Got (I Run New York!!!) I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) (**Alot of money on this record man!!!) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) (**I like bein around money man!!!) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (Yeah) (*1,2,3) (**Oh it's three the hard way baby!!!!!) Money-Money I Got, Money-Money I Got (**You know my motherfuckin name!!! I own New York!!!) [Verse 2: Diddy] Uh! Bo knows but Diddy did it (Yeah) Cars, jewelry and big homes yeah Diddy did it Shootouts, coastal peace yeah Diddy did it But my lawyers so good that Diddy got aquitted I met J. Lopez out in St. Tropez While you was ridin around in Miami on Mopeds Yeaaaaaaaah! Oh you just got here I been doin this shit for over ten years (Ha, Ha!) I am chillin, in Sean John denim Nigga I don't walk nowhere I'm four wheelin Champagne spillin, chillin, no ceilin Stealin a quarter million, feelin, ice grillin Hit the avenue, earthquake up the morgue Give Jacob a call then make a withdrawal Face on the forbes in '94 I did it Don't like it I'm a Bad Boy now let's get it come on!!! [Chorus: Sample Courtesy Of "Top Billin" By Audio Two] (50 Cent) (*50 Cent adlib 1,2,3)(**Jay-Z) I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (**Yeah) (*1,2,3) Money-Money I Got, Money-Money I Got (**Yeah! I Run New York!!!) I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) (**You talkin my language now baby!) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (Yeah) (*1,2,3) (**Yeah) Money-Money I Got, Money-Money I Got (**Yeah! I Run New York!!!) [Bridge: 50 Cent] (Jay-Z) I get the pounds, to pesos, to yeeeeen (yeah) I celebrate and I'm fresh out the peeeeen (yeah) I'm a hustler, I'm back at it agaaaaain (uh ha) I'm bad and I don't play pretend - FUCK WIT 'EM JAY!! [Verse 3: Jay-Z] I'm a hustler, baby! Can't escape my past When I flip Rocawear, I told 'em give me money cash Yeaaaah, checks might bounce Alphabet boys might check my counts Still hustlin, baby! Hurry up, kill me I'm already the goat next stop is the billy Young turbo, six speed 9/11 I'm revvin, I'm tryin not to spill my Merlot Where my girl go, on world tour Ladies I'm back on the street like a mount on a furlow I'm back clubbin, Ace of Spade bubblin Drink it from the bottle, who the fuck need a bucket?! I'm killin the block, most for whips So I'm killing the roof, like Michael Vick Yeaaaah! Just call me forbes.com Incase y'all forget New York is still mine I get it! [Chorus: Sample Courtesy Of "Top Billin" By Audio Two] (50 Cent) (*50 Cent adlib 1,2,3)(**Jay-Z) I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (**Yeah) (*1,2,3) Money-Money I Got, Money-Money I Got (**Yeah! I Run New York!!!) I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) (**You talkin my language now baby!0 I-I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (Yeah) (*1,2,3) (**Yeah) Money-Money I Got, Money-Money I Got (**Yeah! I Run New York!!!) (**I wouldn't wanna be outside the borough on this one!) [Outro] HO!!! HEY!!! (I, I Get It) HO!!! HEY!!! (I, I Get It) HO!!! HEY!!! (Yeah!!!) HO!!! HEY!!! (I Run New York!!!) HO!!! HEY!!! (I, I Get It) HO!!! HEY!!! (I, I Get It) HO!!! HEY!!! (Yeah!!!) HO!!! HEY!!! (Yeah! I Run New York!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Aaliyah f/ Jay-Z Album: I Miss You (Remix) 12" Song: I Miss You (Remix) Typed by: gemini_2050@hotmail.com [Intro: Jay-Z] + (Aaliyah) What's up baby girl! (Ho!) Thought I had to talk to you again, missing you (Hey, ey, ey, ey) Tim is missing you Missy's missing you Rashad is missing you your mom is missing you (N-n-n-n-no no no) Your pop is missing you Dame is missing you damn we missing you...WOO!!! [Verse 1: Jay-Z] + (Aaliyah) All we listen to is all the different yous Four page letters in addition to Have you ever loved somebody used to get the party poppin We used to party alot, we used to be in the Hampton's partied alot We was The Breakfast Club you was a part of the ROC We used to make up special names for the food we ate Remember cerial pie one of your favorite plates (I miss you) Well Dame told me tell you he's doin well Due to the circumstances, it could've been Bellevue But I ain't got to tell you, you lookin over us Our little angel, but you know what [Chorus: Jay-Z] + (Aaliyah) Brooklyn's missing you Detroit is missing you New Orleans missing you Philly's missing you (It's been too long and I'm lost without you) Your uncle's missing you your families missing you Your fans is missing you the galleries missing you Damn we missing you (It's been too long and I'm lost without you) [Verse 2: Jay-Z] + (Aaliyah) Now Star is mad I won't grant him a interview Now he's dissing me cause he dissed you Can you believe the nerve of this dude? Cause of your memory I won't bring in the pistols But he got issues enough of that lame I never seen pain like your parents pain But I know God protecting you You used to read Seed Of The soul I know God perfecting you All the estrogen the darker texture you are the more intellectual You are so professional our little purple star Too good for earth you are (I miss you) [Chorus: Jay-Z] + (Aaliyah) Houston's missng you L.A.'s missing you DC's missing you Chicago's missing you (It's been too long and I'm lost without you) Kidada's missing you Shock is missing you Colleen is missing you Tiny is missing you (It's been too long and I'm lost without you) [Verse 3: Jay-Z] By the way, Big we missing you Pac we missing you We feel your presence just not in the physical All across the world, blocks is miserable Y'all left a void it's alot of little yous But they not original and they not identical They just studied your flows and they watched your interviews That's when hip hop if it's not ten of you Then it gotta be more, y'all left your paws Footprints on the game hood ain't been the same Feeling ain't been in music hooks ain't been the same But I'm doing what I can man and try to follow y'all memory lane man Big you be ashamed to see New York gangbang Pac you feel the same thing they use your name in vein But I guess that's the issue And it proves how much, niggas really miss you [Outro: Jay-Z] + (Aaliyah) Pun we missing you Big L we missing you Left Eye we missing you Jay we missing you Jam Master Jay, Freaky Tah, Scott La Rock, the list goes on.. The world is missing you the hood is missing you (Wondering if your the same and who's been with you) Nah mean, miss y'all (I miss you) This goes, to the memory of all our fallen soldiers Soldiers and soldiettes all across the world (I miss you) We gon' hold y'all down, y'all live in our memories forever We never gon' let y'all go [Aaliyah] + (Jay-Z) I, can't, breathe, no, more (We not remembering y'all death though!) Since you went away (We celebrating your life) I don't really feel like talkin, don't wanna hear you love me (Nah mean!) Baby (Yes!) do you understand me (Yes!) I can't do a thing without you (Damn we missing you) Wondering if your the same and who's been with you, I miss you Wondering if your the same and who's been with you, I miss you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Amil f/ Beanie Sigel, Jay-Z, Memphis Bleek Album: All Money is Legal Song: 4 Da Fam Typed by: NasEsco0670@aol.com [Memphis Bleek] Yeah yeah (Uh uh) Memph Man, my nigga Tah Phife This ones for the family (What's Up?) Understand me, yeah (Uh-huh) We gonna do it right  for all these bitch ass niggas talkin gangsta (R-O-C) We dem killas, real, and in studio Check it out, yo Aiyo, this time it's for my family, we ride or die It's in the blood til the death, now aim for the sky My four blow fo show, fo doe, for only  It's money, drugs and hot slugs You know Bleek squeeze hammers til they nail me Fuck wha niggas tell me Street scholar, keep firin is wha they tell me Drug chemist, thug nigga be named Memphis Straight from da borough of dem B.K. niggas Where we rob for the fun of it, hustle for the drug of it Rap money in rubba-bands, just for the love of it  Straight from my ghetto, we listen to heavy metal like Desert Eagles, street sweepers, loud metal It's hit an run now, motherfuck anyone of you We dem niggas be in ya crib just like fruniture Pop up wit the gun in ya  Release one for zero-zero M (Yeah)  Bleek-R-O-C (Yeah yeah) dot com (Yeah) [Beanie Sigel] This Philly cat back at it  Still throwin crack at it Still fuckin wit them crack-atics Still bust'em wit them black Matics It's ain't the bucks, it's the rush You tryin to get my ass at it They say I think ass backwards Fuck how I act, as long as I stack, it's all math-matics Our tracks nice, hug the block ta tract dice Late night, club night, Mac attract dikes I pull up, Cadillac truck nice Two guns, you know Mac pack gat twice Gets that crack back wit that ice No joke wit the coke, i wips that right  No doubt, never droubt, gets that price (Uh) It gets that nice, when you live that live Papi knows yours name and you ditched that wife nigga It's gets stacked green nigga, it gets stacked chain nigga (Uh uh) [Amil] I get forty G's a feature now  Hold Franklins like a Aretha now In the SL two seater now And I'm in nuthin but diamonds I'm the illest female that you heard thus far Five-five with the thirty-four B-cup bra I don't fuck wit dem cats who ain't up to par I get niggas for cash, clothes, jeweleries, plus cars (Uh) I'm talkin rent money (Uh), I'm talkin bank money (Uh) I'm talkin Martha Keats step of wit the rent money Movin on up, two in the sauna Still ride through the block, pull up on the corna, plus Give me an inch so I can take a mile I bring life like a new born naked child Bitches tryin ta come up, gotta wait a while (Uh-huh) As of now, Amil-lion (Yeah) just played ya style (You dealin wit), nigga [Jay-Z] The, the Roc, the the, the Roc  (Let me talk to ya'll niggas real quick) The, the Roc, uh uh, the Roc Yo, y'all niggas truly ain't ready for this "Dynasty" thing Y'all thinkin "Blake Carrington", I'm thinkin more like "Ming" I got four nephews, and they all right in They all young and wild, plus they all like things  And I'm havin a child, which is more frighting But cha'll about to witness is big business kid Big bosses, cocky, and big Benzsesses Come through flossin'em shiny rims it is An office don't pop up in their sentences I think you understand what type of event this is I don't think you know how focused young Memphis is or how Sigel's so real, when you add on Amil This is much more than rap, it's black entrepreneurship Clothing, movie, and films, we come to conquer it all Roc-A-Wear, eighty mill like, eighteen months You could bullshit wit rap if you want, muthafuckers When it's all said and done, we gon see what's what Holla at Hov, I'll be in the cut (What, huh) The, the Roc, the the, the Roc The, the Roc, the uh, the Roc (You rollin wit) The Roc, dynasty niggas (Whoop) Uh-huh, get'cha mind right, c'mon Roc-A-Fella Records, 2000 nigga Get'cha mind right, holla The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Amil f/ Jay-z Album: All Money is Legal Song: Heard it All Before Typed by: delmgen@softhome.net [Amil] nigga you ain't told me nothing i ain't heard and action speaks louder than words and said you would treat me right they said you be sweating every freak in sight yeah i know, one day you gon marry me yeah i know, you want to have your seed yeah i know, don't worry, 'cause there is no other yeah i know, and you can't stand your baby mother, right oh, you never felt this way before, huh wanna keep me in the gucci stores, huh what happened to them minks and the diamond rings lying ass nigga, you ain't buyin me things nigga don't tell me i'm your flyest bitch if i can't get the keys just to drive the whip if i ain't the one you take on the private trips if you got it like you say you do then provide them chips nigga chorus [Jay-z] we'll always be togetha no one can fuck you betta [Amil] yeah nigga i heard this all before yeah nigga i heard this all before yeah nigga you drive me crazy i wanna have your baby [Jay-z] yeah bitch, i heard this all before yeah bitch, i heard this all before [Jay-z] i thought you ain't like rap you was deceiving me all you do all day is watch BET actin like you ain't recognize when you met me in the ride mispronouncing my name, squinting your eyes you shouldn't play games wit pimp like i now that i gained you, i'm supposed to sympathise yeah i know, you hait parties and you never go out yeah i know, you a nun and you stay in your house yeah i know, well can you please do me this favor how you been with three rappers and six ball players, tell me that shit, we both gamin eachother lying through our teeth, both blaming eachother i tried to front on you i take you to my rest you tried to front on me actin like you ain't impressed i'm tryin to see if the coochie's propa you trying to score your self a gucci parka and that new shit from prada you tryin to get a rich baby father i'm tryin to forget you by tomorra this ain't rocket science ain't no rock buyin, just a hard rock lyin and stop frontin like your shit is real you get your game from oprah and lauryen hill and if you are a nice girl, and i read you wrong look, i'm sorry if i lead you on, ok [Amil] nah nigga, you ain't got to apologize i knew that bitch want your cousin on your father's side i mean damn, you don't even let me answer your cell i mean damn, why i still got to ring the bell? i find girl phone numbers and you say they your mans when i call you don't even know who i am so you can go ahead wit all that game you throw me don't tell me, motherfucka show me chorus x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Amil f/ Jay-Z  Album: All Money is Legal Song: That's Right Typed by: IceRydette88@aol.com [Jay-Z] (Amil) This how I creep on ya asses See how the beat is building I creep on your asses (Just blaze) Let me show y'all what the fuck I mean Uh uh jigga man ya heard Amillion ya heard Rocafella ya heard The dynasty lets go Hook 1: [Jay-Z] (Amil) All my ladies (that's right) You pop cris (that's right) You a hot bitch (that's right) Make that nigga trick (that's right) Get that dough ma (that's right) Let em know ma (that's right) Soon as you learn how da drive make em put you in a five mommie` Hook 2: [Amil] (Jay-Z)  Yo you got dough (that's right) Let it show (that's right) If the moneys slow (that's right) You know the rest yo (buck buck buck) For my thug niggas (right) Bust a slug niggas (right) Fuck that get money show love niggas  [Jay-Z] Jigga man got grammys so grams cops cannot stand me Ladies want me to put cock in they hot panties Big man on campus six sadan Over 100 million made niggas shipped and scanned Niggas cannot stop, knocking that big pac, Knocking that big pun, poppin my big gun quick Run duck as soon as the gun bust  Forget where I'm from be coughin ya lungs up Robbin hood a the big truck Pickin the bums up I never know when I can be down my dumb luck But the flow so tough I've been beatin the drums up Been hot so long like I'm heatin the sun up Wanna come up ones and I'm beggin niggas to run up So I can take this heat and bang you ta next summa Number 1 rapper dippin mo mos' Don't make me come press ya wit this fo fo nigga Hook 1 Jay-z (Amil) Hook 2 Amil (Jay-Z)  *with minor changes* [Amil] Amillion make allota tricks (hop skip) The hottest whip (copped it) Prada shit (rocked it) Got the cris (pop it) Can ma spit (locked it) The roca clique (goddess) Like Jay's part 2 get props where props due Give you something you can feel (huh) Can't keep still (huh) Tryin' ta see Amil (huh) Dollar Dollar bills (huh) Five inch heels (huh) Bitches wanna grill (huh) Me and my labelmates be makin these cats hate Oh come come now  Wanna know where I'm from now  Her's a little run-down  Bk ta uptown Pockets kinda plump now Haters get the thumbs down No need for all that I never keep small stacks Alright y'all lights out Floss with the ice out  Brag with the price out Red I flights out  Overseas hideout Raw inside out My bitches time to slide out  Its ladies night out Hook 1 Jay-z (Amil) Hook 2 Amil (Jay-Z)  *with minor changes* [Jay-Z] Its roc-a-wear nigga I got clothes Stop it I got hoes Black asian malaysian spanish mulatoes Look I got whips  4 dot 6 6 drop shits Bentley cop pits While ya'll pop shit Any nigga that tell you money is the root of all evil ain't got shit You a lying bitch You rather live poor I rather die rich  Nough' said [Amil] Mami girl keep the do rap You know bag and shoes match Get niggas for a few stacks Quick to run through that Broke niggas boo that Bought my whole crew plat The record I don't play around bitch I lay it down Shit I only roll wit Those who can go get  6 double o whips  niggas that hold tips ice had ya hoes trip daddy let ya dough flip fuck with no scrubs go collect them dubs Hook 1 Jay-z (Amil) Hook 2 Amil (Jay-Z)  *with minor changes* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Another Level f/ Jay-Z Album: Be Alone No More (CD Single) Song: Be Alone No More Typed by: RPMxxxxxxPnPR@aol.com Another Level: Why do we argue the way we do Can't you see girl that I I'm in love with you And it hurts (its hurts so bad) To see you cry(to see you sad and blue) When Im needing you the most but you feel (you feel some one) When no one (will take the place of you) Of you...... Chorus(x1): No I dont wanna be alone No more (no more) Do you believe in love like I do? No I don't wanna be alone No more (no more) Do you believe in love like I do? Another Level: Don't hide the way you feel  for me no more (no more) Just because you're miles away Doesn't mean I'm insecure And it hurts (it hurts so bad) To see you cry (When I can hold you) and your needing me the most I feel (I feel the same) Never change (and I'll always love you) And I'll always Love You Chorus(x1) Jay-Z: Yeah,Yeah,Yeah Seen shorty at the club line around the block Said I know a better place if you down we rock Too many clowns in the spot and I don't pump like that Let's go somewhere have a beer and a shot of Jack And after that we can limp back to the crib And I can show you just how bachelors live But I'm sick of bein alone waitin for the phone For cutie to call with a booty call Roc A Fella Ya'll Another Level: Don't run away from my love that you need Don't turn away from my love you will see You are the reason that I won't leave And I want you to remain with me Chorus(x3)...(Till Fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beanie Sigel f/ Amil, Jay-Z Album: The Truth Song: Playa Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com CHORUS: If you a playa , get it now like a playa Get it down like a playa , spit a round like a playa If you a playa , roll an ounce like a playa Get an ounce like a playa , bounce like a playa If you a playa , get it now like a playa Get it down like a playa , spit a round like a playa If you a playa , get an ounce playa , bounce , playa Bounce , bounce , bounce [Beanie Mac] When I step in the club , bitches know my name I don't do alotta talkin bitches know my game Don't gotta buy alotta drinks bitches know my aim Y'all get them whores drunk just to get some brain When the Roc in the place , they go bezerk We make em bounce till they motherfuckin shoulders hurt Bitches lift up skirts , take off shirts Fine babysitters take off work Lose they jobs, panties , shoes and bras Niggas mad at us cuz they lose they wives I don't step up in the club without a weapon in the club Cuz niggas get drunk and kick crap up in the club That's why my tool be cocked , niggas mad cuz my shoes be blocked And my jewels be rocked If you a playa , you wouldn't be in my pocket If you a playa , you like it , you see it , you cop it CHORUS [AMIL] If you a playa , you got the three basic niggas Your trick your lick and your dick niggas The object never fall in love wit em Run to the malls and the clubs for them If you a playa , then you choose em like a playa Use em like a playa ,then you lose em like a playa I bet I'll still be they favorite bitch Some bought me ice , some paid for whips C'mon you know the rules in this playa shit Aint no such thing as a relationship If you a playa , get it now like a playa , get it down like a playa Spit a round like a playa If you a playa , roll an ounce like a playa , get an ounce like a playa , bounce like a playa If you a playa , bounce , bounce like a playa nigga, bounce , bounce CHORUS [Jay-Z] Jiggaman ya heard? If you a playa , will you pull up to the curb Niggas chicks fly the coupe when you pull up to them birds Why the fuck would you bring her When the rocks on that man got his whole hand lookin like ET's finger If you a playa , keep your cars with the year (year) Your watch game tight (tight) your hustle over there (uh-huh) Your house outta sight , your enemies close And your family tight and never try to make a ho your housewife CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beanie Sigel f/ Jay-Z, Rell Album: The Reason Song: Still Got Love For You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash For the record y'all.. uh-huh.. I know you hear me.. for the record y'all.. [Beanie Sigel] _Dynasty_ album, track 16, listeners fret I can't take back that sixteen Shit the truth spoke, I gotta give the world true quotes Can you feel it? I know the truth hurts They say, "How can he disrespect his pop with harsh curses?" Simple - harsh life, harsh verses "I can't believe the mouth of this prick  He said put his mouth on his dick," I know we gotta talk bout that, I know you salt bout that You on the tip like I don't like you I got four kids, three baby mothers, I'm just like you Sometimes I wanted to just fight you, shit Swing on you - think I'm playin man, I'm just like you I was a kid with a puzzle with missing pieces tryin to put it together dawg, you put it together You made me have to foot through the weather in the storm with no raincoat I don't only speak on me, I speak upon the kids in the same boat Ridin the same water, same situation Same fatherless daughter - I hate you, that's in your mind Don't get caught up in the rhyme You think I dissed you now, that I don't miss you now Don't be a hater now, be glad I made it now I know I probably rubbed you the wrong way But fuck what the song say, for the record, check it [Chorus: Rell] Still got love for you, though you left me in the cold To face this world alone, and make it on my own I still got love for you, but I just can't fight the pain It's so hard not to hate, but you grow up in a way [Jay-Z] I think you misunderstood me the first time.. Listen - that was my hurt in my heart talkin, along with the truth I would thirst often as a youth cause of you the person Moms nursin self-esteem issues Round the house it's hard to find a clean tissue, minus her tears To rewind this time I promise I minused my years to the day to take the pain away Seemed sunny outside, always rained on Jay Pop you my umbrella, come help your son with the weather Soon we come together like man and man and build Play space, cards face up, I've come to deal In order to get right we gotta deal with this wrong And the pain I felt all my life you feel in the song Your lack of warmth left a chill in the morn' Your lack of love, left me loveless, and I'm of your breath I'm your mind body and soul, your heart, your flesh Your alcohol, your smoke, in results I'm a mess And dad, still I love you no less dad Hope you didn't think success would make me less mad But not mad, just dissapointed - we wasted years I swear to God, may you take me away from here If you taught me anything The one thing you taught me is to face my fears, coward How could you let me grow without you? Grind in this rap game, take dough without you? Wear my Pro Keds close to the sole/soul without you? Family pictures pose without you - WHY?! .. Why shouldn't I be mad? Monster's parents seperated, Monster had his dad These parents had they problems, he still came to the pad He bought 'em new bikes, imagine what that felt like Used to have to butt my head to go to sleep at night Nigga you did me wrong but the love is strong, let's move on [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beanie Sigel f/ Freeway, Jay-Z, Lil Chris Album: The Reason Song: Think It's a Game Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Saint Nick] Think it's a game 'til them thangs come out I bang out 'til your brains hang out.. .. cause you're fuckin with a gangsta nigga, a gangsta nigga Think it's a game 'til them thangs come out I bang out 'til your brains hang out.. .. cause you're fuckin with a gangsta nigga, a gangsta nigga [Beanie Sigel] It was a, full moon in the beginnin of March Bout the end of Winter '74 The gangsta was born, introduced to sinnin and spinnin women Cats with big hats slammin Cadillac doors Who choosin hoes, you losin hoes, you niggaz loose witcha hoes You motherfucker y'all ain't used to no hoes Niggaz wanna LoJack, track your bitches, shack your bitches I pimps up, smack my bitches You wanna fuck trick your bitches I duck flip my bitches, get that cash with that extra ass bitch Plus I keep a gat at arm reach  You ain't no hustler youse a car thief, nigga where your car keys? Crack topic, back block it Thirty-one long black top it, you can't stop it, gat top it Black Mack, black glock it, blast rocket Sit your faggot-ass on your back pocket (bitch) It's not a game, prick [Jay-Z] Straight gangsta nigga.. uhh, uh-huh-UHH-UHH Straight gangsta nigga.. yeah They call me, Hov' the hustler, dough doubler Drove customers crazy in the late 80's, early 90's Now you can find me, girlie behind me, holdin my mink up Ice pinkie ring in the air, drinkin my drink up Top down, 'dro in the air, blowin that stink up It's seldom that I smoke, but it helps my thinker Makes me a, mathematician about my math Get celebrity ass, I'm a statistician - rap with precision Nigga, your hoe chose Hov', that's rapid division Now divide yourself and slide I, young Vito, voice of the young people Mouthpiece for hustlers, ventriloquist for jugglers Took it where few went, made a few cents Don't call me Hov' no more, call me _The Blueprint_ Sold dope (and) sold crack (and) sold soap (and) sold rap (and) bought Bentley's, bought 'em back, nigga can you buy that?? [Freeway] Purpose for man - worship Allah, then you die Purpose of my gun - run in yo' shop and take pies Purpose of my son - raise him to do the same Clip blazin it through your brains Strip, use it 'til it's burned out Benz Coupes, Jags and trucks when we roll out Man it ain't no lie, it's real as this four-five And real as these five salaats, whether we Deen or not Our kids gotta eat, red Beamer stops where your connects gotta meet, interrupt your cop Dependin on the dope size, we slide it from (?) size With hammers with hollows you feel we follow we're both risin They killed your cousin you strapped and you won't ride and don't think cause I rap that I won't (?) Play O-Dog in _Menace_ and drive-by men Real gangsters keep a bitch in the wheel, workin the gas tank Hoes on the strip, bringin that cash in [Lil Chris] It's C the young gunner, they call me the boy wonder Without that caped crusader, that cake is major, uhh Nickel plate stay with it, except for in school Metal detectors in school, for every last nickel get moved Fucked every bad little bitch in the school Good with math but I skipped it in school Ankle to shop but I'm sick with them tools Shit, that's why I'm kicked out of school Fuck J's by da locker, come and holla, uhh Out on my own, movin out with the chrome And can't nobody take me out of that zone, not even A.I. It ain't even a business, it's just the way I get it consistantly, flip it until the day I'm gone Scream beef any day and it's on The same Chris dangerous with a eight in my palm And been paid since the day I was born But these lames think it's a game 'til them thangs is drawn, uhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beanie Sigel f/ Jay-Z Album: The Truth Song: Raw & Uncut Typed by: Acastro929@aol.com [Beanie] What Spit what man Man I don't know where that shit be comin from dawg for real Ain't no fuckin rapper man 16 I don't know jay If you don't believe me then [Beanie] Who you know who can spit till he pop the real Never thought about rappin till he coped his deal I really held down my block for real All I do is crack rock and how to pop the steel How to box niggas in where they can barely move Roll wit straight thugs never scary dudes Keep bodies on them guns and we share our tools Duece 1 ball for philly like Larry Hughes Keep the desert eagle wit the beam tucked by the scrotum Get locked in jail run a block sell open Mind went to jail I get dro el's roll em Rookie nigga clippin niggas like L odom I got dough I choose not to spend it Catch me in avis &budget in somethin rented Long as the windows tented (I don't give a fuck) I'm in it  I was holdin wit music rollin in the gold infinit (chorus)  [Jay-Z] We keep it raw & uncut for all the niggas and hoes The first time you sniff it  It might hurt your nose But only the strong survive and thats how life goes But nigga this is the life you chose ya heard me [Beanie] We keep it raw & uncut for all the niggas and hoes The first time you sniff it It might hurt your nose But only the strong survive and thas how life goes Thas just the life we chose [Jay-Z] We don't complain thas just how it be I shuffle back against the ropes like ali I hustle through the alley through the valley of the death And I never play fair in the eyes of the ref Fuck it give me a tech and i'll come back right Can't go inside the game ain't got enough strikes Come at me wrong i'll come at you the same Come at me sideways i'll come blastin your brains Come at me direct and i'll come back wit names I'm hot like boilin water I'll come back wit cane (Chorus) [Jay-Z] Keep it raw & uncut for all the bitches and hoes The first time you sniff it  It might hurt your nose [Beanie] But only the strong survive and thas how life goes I know I'm outta control Me and jay same track you gotta be kiddin Its like that nigga Jordan i'm Scottie Pippen Its like Magic Worthy Parish Bird an Stockten Malone shit Who gonna stop and hold this Game like Doc and Moses Full court press and the rock control this Chorus [Beanie] We keep it raw & uncut for all the niggas and hoes The first time you sniff it It might hurt your nose But only the strong survive and thas how life goes Thas just the life we chose [Jay-Z] We keep it raw & uncut for all the niggas and hoes The first time you sniff it  It might hurt your nose But only the strong survive and thats how life goes But nigga this is the life you chose ya heard me [Beanie] I use to catch that train and snatch that chain Do anything for a game to catch some change Whether it was shootin the dice or clappin the gauge I was a nigga wit a strong arm like satchel paige I'm tellin you dawg I'm the wrong one to fuck wit at all I'm the type that'll set a broad day in the mall Up in glocks wit body shops takin a fall Fuck you cock swats feds and all [Jay-Z] No no no homie I didn't say I could hit you wit dirty o's But I said if I can supply 30 of those ding ding homie come holla at the kingpin The gods are reapal the carters is leathel Hang wit psychotic people who like so fuck niggas Came up singin that god was evils Slang Heron to cats is like revolvin a eagle And I blew to the point I bought cars for the people [Jay-Z] We keep it raw & uncut for all the niggas and hoes The first time you sniff it  It might hurt your nose But only the strong survive and thats how life goes But nigga this is the life you chose ya heard me [Beanie] We keep it raw & uncut for all the niggas and hoes The first time you sniff it It might hurt your nose But only the strong survive and thas how life goes Thas just the life we chose [Jay-Z] Sigel Sigel y'all Jigga Jigga y'all What Nah homie I can't take your take demo I don't got no pockets What Nah man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beyonce Knowles f/ Jay-Z Album: Crazy in Love 12" Song: Crazy in Love Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Jay-Z] Yes! It's so crazy right now! Most incredibly, it's ya girl B It's ya boy, Young [Bridge - Beyonce] You ready Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, oh no no Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, oh no no Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, oh no no Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, oh no no [Jay-Z] It's history in the making Part Two, it's so crazy right now [Verse 1 - Beyonce] I look and stare so deep in your eyes I touch on you more and more every time When you leave I'm begging you not to go Call your name two or three times in a row Such a funny thing for me to try to explain How I'm feeling and my pride is the one to blame Cause I know I don't understand Just how your love your doing no one else can [Chorus - Beyonce] Ya got me looking so crazy right now Your love's got me looking so crazy right now (In love) Ya ot me looking so crazy right now Your touch got me looking so crazy right now (Your touch) Got me hoping you'll page me right now Your kiss got me hoping you'll save me right now Looking so crazy in love's Got me looking, got me looking so crazy in love. [Bridge - Beyonce] [Verse 2 - Beyonce] When I talk to my friends so quietly "Who he think he is?" look at what you did to me Tennis shoes, don't even need to buy a new dress If you ain't there ain't nobody else to impress It's the way that you know what I thought I knew It's the beat my heart skips when I'm with you But I still don't understand Just how the love your doing no one else can [Chorus (with variations) - Beyonce] [Beyonce] I'm looking so crazy in love's Got me looking, got me looking so crazy in love [Verse 3 - Jay-Z (Beyonce)] Check it, let's go Young Hov, y'all know when the flow is loco Young B and the R-O-C, uh oh (Oh) O.G. big homie, the one and only (Oh no) Stick bony, but the pockets is fat like Tony Soprano (oh no) The ROC handle like Van Exel I shake phonies man you can't get next to The genuine article I do not sing though I sling though, If anything I bling yo A star like Ringo, roll like a green Corvette Crazy, bring ya whole set Jay-Z in the range, crazy and deranged They can't figure him out, they like hey is he insane (Oh no) Yes sir I'm cut from a different cloth My texture is the best fur, Chinchilla. [Bridge begins repeating in background] I been dealing with chain smokers How you think I got the name Hova I been realer the game's over Fall back Young, ever since the label changed over To platinum the game's been a wrap, one [Verse 4 - Beyonce] Got me looking, so crazy my baby I'm not myself lately I'm foolish, I don't do this I've been playing myself, baby I don't care Cause your love's got the best of me And baby you're making a fool of me You got me sprung and I don't care who sees Cause baby you got me, you got me, so crazy baby HEY! [Chorus x2 (with variations) - Beyonce] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beyonce f/ Jay-Z Album: B'Day (1st Single) / Deja Vu (CD Single) SOng: Deja Vu Typed by: notorious70@hotmail.com [Beyonce](Jay-Z) Bass (UH), hi-hat (UH) 808 (UH) Jay (UH-Huh ready UH-Huh) Lets go get 'em (UH-Huh) Come on (Cmon) [Jay-Z](Beyonce) I used to run base like Juan Pierre Now I run the bass hi-hat and the snare I used to bag girls like purple bags Now I bag B. (Boy you hurtin that) Brooklyn bay where they birthed me at Now be everywhere they never at The audacity to have me with them curtains back Me and B., she about to steam, stand back [Beyonce] Baby, seem like everywhere I go I see you From your eyes I smile, it's like I breathe you Helplessly I reminisce, don't want to Compare nobody to you 1-  Boy I try to catch myself But I'm outta control Your sexiness is so appealing I can't let it go 2-  Know that I can't get over you Cause everything I see is you And I don't want no substitute Baby I swear it's Deja Vu Repeat 2 [Beyonce] Seeing, things that I know can't be, am I dreaming? When I saw you walkin past me almost called your name Got a better glimpse and then I looked away Cause like I'm losing it Repeat 1 Repeat 2 Repeat 2 [Jay-Z] Yes, Hova's flow so unusual Baby girl you should already know It's H-O, light up the dro Cause you gonna need help Tryna study my, bounce Flow glow, what's the difference One you take in vein while the other you sniffin It's still dough Po-po try to convict em Thats a no-go my dough keep the scales tippin Like 4-4s Like her from the H-O-UST-O-N Blow wind, so Chicago of him Is he the best ever? That's the argu-a-ment I don't make the list, don't be mad at me I just make the hits like a factory I'm just one to one nuttin after me No Deja Vu, just me and my OH! [Beyonce] Baby I can't go anywhere without thinking that you're there Seems like you're everywhere it's true Gotta be having Deja Vu Cause in my mind I want you here Get on the next plane I don't care Is it because I'm missin' you? That I'm having Deja Vu Repeat 1 Repeat 2 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beyonce Knowles f/ Jay-Z Album: Dangerously In Love Song: That's How You Like It Typed by: baby_gurl9516@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: repeat 4X] That's How You Like It, huh That's How You Like It, huh That's How You Like It, huh That's How I Like It, baby [Beyonce] I need a thug that'll have my back Do-rag, Nike Airs to match Ain't nothin' wrong with that That's how I like it, baby Where my thugs at? White T-Shirt, I love that Timberland boots, you does that, it's a fact That's how I like it, baby [Beyonce] I like the way you walk The way you talk The way you dress The way you smile I like the way you are The way you ain't I like your honesty, integrity It levels me, so please don't ever change [Beyonce] I like the way you brush your hair I like the stylish clothes you wear It's just the real things you do That's why I wanna stick with you Where my girls at? Let them know we love that Sexy way they does that (you did that) That's how I like it, baby [Beyonce] I hope you like my style The way I dress The way I flirt Say yes I hope you like my mind The things I say If I'm with you, then I'm with only you My loyalty will never, ever change [Jay-Z] I know you've heard I'm a gangsta They say "Stay away from them gangstas" They never change up, or pull they pants up Well, baby girl, put ya foot down Don't let'em push you around, you know what you like Baby thug, you know wrong from right You done felt grown before This can't be what it feel like And they don't really know whatcha feel like For instance They don't know the difference between real life And the music videos & the raggedy magazines They have it badder than he seems All they see is my baggy jeans, my attitude I ain't mad at you, it's just my Clyde Way I wear my hat to the side Way I lean real low when I ride That's why my minds, they like my walk My accent from New York My way of thinking is slightly off They like the way he floss Leave the block on a bike, he come back on a Porsche But of course Most of all, they like my honesty, integrity, my loyalty Young Hova and the letter B How you like that, huh? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beyonce ft/ Jay Z Album: B'Day Song: Upgrade You Typed by: sbonzie91@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Hehehe, yeah B Talk yo' shit heheh (partner let me upgrade you) How you gon' upgrade me What's higher than number one You know I used to beat that block Now I be's the block (partner let me upgrade you) [Verse 1: Beyonce] I hear you be the block But I'm the lights that keep the streets on Notice you the type that like to keep them on a Leash though I'm known to walk alone But I'm alone for a reason Sending me a drink ain't appeasing Believe me Come harder this wont be easy Don't doubt yourself trust me you need me This ain't a shoulder with a chip or an ego But what you think they all mad at me for [Bridge] You need a real woman in your life That's a good look Taking care, home is still fly That's a good look I'ma help you build up your account Thats a good look Better yet a hood look Ladies that's a good look When you're in them big meetings for the mills Thats a good look It take me just to compliment the deal Thats a good look Anything you cop I'll split the bill Thats a good look Better yet a hood look Believe me Ladies that's a good look Partner Let me upgrade you Audemars Piguet you Switch your neck ties to purple labels Upgrade you I can (up), can I (up) Lemme upgrade you Partner let me upgrade you Partner let me upgrade you Flip a new page Introduce you to some new things & Upgrade you I can (up) Can I (up), let me Upgrade you (partner let me upgrade you) [Verse 2: Beyonce] I can do for you what Martin did for the people Ran by the men but the women keep the tempo It's very seldom that you're blessed to find your equal Still play my part and let you take the lead role Believe me I'll follow this could be easy I'll be the help whenever you need me I see you hustle wit my hustle I Can keep you Focused on yo focus I can feed you [Bridge] You need a real woman in your life That's a good look Taking care Home is still fly Thats a good look Ima help you build up your account Thats a good look Better yet a hood look Ladies that's a good look When you're in the big meetings for the mills That's a good look It take me just to compliment the deal That's a good look Anything you cop I'll split the bill That's a good look Better yet a hood look Ladies that's a good look Partner let me upgrade you Audemars Piguet you Switch your neck tie to purple labels (Have you rocking purple labels!) Upgrade you I can (up), can I (up), let me Upgrade you (partner let me upgrade you) Let me upgrade you Flip a new page Introduce you to some new things Upgrade you I can (up), can I (up), let me Upgrade you (partner let me upgrade you) [Jay-Z] (Uh HOV, Uh, HOV, uh huh huh!) I B the d-boy who infiltrated all the corporate dudes They call shots, I call audibles Jacob the jeweler, baubles, Lauraine Schwartz sorta dude It's big balling baby when I'm courting you I'm talking spy bags and fly pads and rooms at the Bloomberg And rumors you on the verge of a new merge 'Cause that rock on ya finger is like a tumor You can't put ya hand in ya new purse It's humorous to me they watching We just yachting off the island hopping off Amalfi coast Mafioso, oh baby you ever seen Saturn No, not the car but everywhere we are You sure to see stars. This is high level not eye level My bezzle courtesy of Audemars I order yours tomorrow now look how much I saved you Mama let me upgrade you [Hook] Just when you think we had it all Big ends, condos, collecting cars Picture your life elevating with me You my project celebrity I keep your name hot in them streets That little glimpse of light Makes that diamond really shine And you already is a star Unless your flawless Then ya dynasty ain't complete without a chief like me Partner let me upgrade you Audemars Piguet you You switch your neckties to purple labels Upgrade you I can up Can I up Lemme upgrade you Partner let me upgrade you Partner let me upgrade you Flip a new page Introduce you to some new things And upgrade you I can up Can I up? Lemme upgrade you Partner lemme upgrade you [Outro] Audemars Piguet watch Dimples in ya necktie Hermes briefcase Cartier top clips Silk lined blazers Diamond creamed facials VVS cuff links 6 star pent suites Partna let me upgrade ya grade ya Partna partna let me upgrade ya grade ya Let me let me let me upgrade ya grade ya Partna partna partna let me upgrade ya (huh...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane w/ Scoob, Sauce, Shyheim, Jay-Z, Ol Dirty Bastard Album: Daddy's Home Song: Show and Prove Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Scoob Hah hah, hey hey, laugh now nigga My man's right behind you, Kane pull the trigger I don't play, I'm from the hill where shit is real And I'll be on your ass like bugs on a windshield So bring your grip or you can think twice Cause I got more rhymes than a five pound bag of rice I'm hitting hard, oh word, I'm gon rock it Once the shit drops, that's dough to the pocket I cut hand, you still can't get no cards You couldn't deal with Scoob if we was playin cards But if I got beef and it's time for code red My drill is like a hoe, and be takin mad niggaz to bed So hurry up and skedaddle Even if you join a army, you still couldn't battle So where you from? England, you somebody great? You burnin Scoob, "I don't think so mate" I got the style that gets you open like a bag of smoke I have your friends "Ah-hah man, that shit ain't dope" Leave me alone when I'm rocking on the microphone and play like E.T. and phone your black ass ho-wome Yo Sauce, if you're down with the groo-hoove Get on the mic and won't ya show and prove Verse Two: Sauce Hey, here I come with a slick rap, tic tac toe When I flip tracks, so gimme my dick, back I flow to it and through it, if you ever need to wonder how you got dope like Sauce, money you didn't do it I write my own with bigger hope, drink of Scope Wrote what I figured, nope, damn you dig a nigga doe Rhymes too drastic, bastard, pull hookers like elastic N-B-A style, fann-tastic No time to bite, but I just might, tonight I write left-handed cuz I like, to grab my dick with my right Who could ever say that I don't get plenty play Win Lose or Draw, I'm bookin whores, anyway As I get ready I'm steady if I go crazy I'd take Eddie if I was Fred, I think I'd have to bone Betty Suckin and luckin, hey, niggaz I'm duckin, nay Nada no never meaning ain't no motherfuckin way Rappers get gassed come on and get fast Try to get past when I blast, and you can HAND over your ass One line and that's fear Rappers get so damn pussy they gotta go for a pap smear So Shyheim, if your down with the groove Get on the mic it's time to show and prove Verse Three: Shyheim Yo, yo I spark the mic like weed that's in a cipher And I get girls open like a reggae song by Tiger So check me out, as I flip this here track kid And make mad noise like a Metallica record I'm psycho, a villain to the styles I be killin when I'm thrusted, and all competition gets dusted Cause I rock the world from U.S.A. to Asia to Russia If your shit stinks I'ma flush ya, then bust ya Like a crazy man from Cali son My jams be packed like a Farrakhan rally, what? You know my style, I put the F in effin foul The Rugged Child locks you down like Rikers Isle And got more girls than a Trailerload with Shabba More Super than Cat, I'm the punani Don Dada So Big Daddy, if you're down with the groove my man Get on the mic and won't ya show and prove Verse Four: Big Daddy Kane Now tell me whoooo is the mannnn? With the high-potent lyrics no rapper can ever stand And steppin to me, thinkin I can be touched? Huh Not even Michael Jordan'll gamble that much, yo I get down on it and give it to rappers that even act like they want it I come for your title kid, run it! Or else get hit with the ultimate, too legit skit Ahh yeah, that's that shit Drop lyrics on ya, strong as ammonia That is I thrown ya, scold ya, Jones ya, I tried to warn ya You was wack since I known ya, fake as a cubic zirconia What did I just show ya, real lyrics doggone ya Look inside my rap book at every text my man and see that I got, more essays than the Mexican The Messiah that's feared great, leavin rappers in a weird state Scared straight, for their prepared fate Strong as an elephant, intelligent, compelling and elegant So well in it with every single element And competition gets none! Huh If I was wearing pantyhose you still couldn't give me no run I see the way you're trying to get to me,  but with with speech impedi-ment, man you gotta come better G You're hitting all the wrong switches troop begin again Mumble mouth rappers couldn't last a minute with The non-resistable, non-competible No-No-I'm-Not-Sayin-I'm-The-Best, I'm just sayin I'm fuckin incredible! And let's just make one more thing understood That if I FART on a record, TRUST me nigga it'll sound good So Jay-Z, if you're down with the groove, my mellow Get on the mic it's time to show and prove Verse Five: Jay-Z Uh, one checkin it two, checkin it three Check out the J, check out the A, check out the Y, check out the Z Hey G! I'm breaking MC's up like EPMD And these nuts if you rappers tryin ta see me I'm buckwild with styles, ta-dow I've been in it runnin a hundred miles I'm well endowed, baby gal Uhh, the greatest nigga to touch it, you niggaz can't fuck with The, incredible skills of the G from Brooklyn, big up kid And ain't no eatin me up, you fast fuckin with jigga I'm like Prince jeans, I bring the ass out a nigga When I rock it it's in the pocket, baby mop it don't knock it till you try it, once you start, you can't stop it I'm the cocky breed, I'm dope like poppy seed I live one rent from besides that be  between get off my dick and stop jockin me When I bust a rhyme you're diggin the sound I know you lovin the way it's, goin down baby So Ason huh, if you're down with the groove, why don't ya Get on the mic and show and prove Verse Six: Ol Dirty Bastard Come on Wu-Tang killa bees on a swarm Rain on your college ass, disco dorm Slippery when wet and don't you ever forget You couldn't get a FLICK, of the hype outfit Because the way that I dress this style mad wild Enough to make a crowd of women scream "OW!" Whether at a party or just in bed All thoughts on Ason, keep that in your head Yuh, my beats are funky and my rhymes are spunky Sometimes I'll be like "Well god damn what's the recipe?" I don't know, I ask my momma she don't know she says "GO ASK YOUR GOD DAMNED FATHER!" It's all about me in the place to be Niggas thing they all that, yo, that shit is G Mad game and it's a motherfucking shame How many enemies wanna claim the name Of Ason, who carries on like a manager YO!, SOUNDS FLY RIGHT? DANGER!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Kap + Funkmaster Flex f/ Amil, B. Sigel, Jay-Z, M. Bleek Album: The Tunnel Song: For My Thugs Typed by: RR2000D@AOL.COM [Jay-Z] This one for the future Everybody wanna be a Roc-a-fella gangsta Hard for the street, sicka for the club Sometimes for the ladies, but this one for my thugs Hey yo, niggas wanna drive by the hood and dump Come on stupid, I clap up from your hood to the trunk Foot on the floor, back on the wall, good with the pump Blast through your stomach, stupid, you can look through your lunch Is this what you want? Niggas that's clappin that priest Runnin the streets, lawless, blastin police Stickin Furby's out the window, snatchin your niece And nah, we don't just rap we clap you past the seats Me with the twin eagle, B. Sigel and Bleek And I got the whole city ready to throw toast wit' me I'm loved, niggas wanna throw slugs with Jigga All they, need is a reason to show love for Jigga Niggas wanna go back to back, till both of our gats clack Till we reload in three seconds flat, I'm back Niggas ain't met ya hat till we entered through ya shoulder And we exit out ya back, gangsta nigga Jay-Z: I flow hard for the street, sicka for the club   Sometimes for the ladies, but this one for my thugs Bleek: To my thug niggas, slug niggas, tear the club niggas   My "I don't give a fuck niggas." Both: It's all love niggas [Memhpis Bleek] Cock and shoot it, smoke, whole city polluted When I talk the whole block muted Like E.F. Hutton style Bleek not frontin now We suit up for war with no button down We clip up and zip up, hit your wip up Put 4 in your cage, the other 4 in your face And you don't want that I catch a nigga, who ain't pump at Send 'em to one of my custy's and bring a lung back Me, Bean, Jay, shit you can't front that Weed, coke, dope, Bleek nigga pump that Stay in the game for my beef, I tote up  Sit blow in the seat, my weed I roll up Smoke one to the head, come between my stomach and leg Yeah I'm the thuggin the street  You don't want nothing with Bleek Its Roc-A, Fella for life, you know that shit Get your guns, get your ones, nigga throw that shit Jay-Z: I flow hard for the street, sicka for the club   Sometimes for the ladies, but this one for my thugs Bleek: Where my thug niggas, slug niggas, tear the club niggas   My "I don't give a fuck niggas." Both: It's all love niggas [Amil] This goes out to my give head bitches, my suck pussy niggas Supply cookie niggas Yo I live for the sheets, I die for the sheets And I got spit for beets, like I ride for my peeps Yo I love this glamour shit, but bitch I been gutter Before can I get it and double excel covers I thought I heard somebody say they want some hardcore I like everything from my dick to my bras raw Now, is my street niggas no into this Now, is my street bitches not into this Wild loud like my thugs do up in the tunnel You know the rock ??? itchy finger the tussle This territory locked, no more room in this hustle Check the sound scan we getting platinum plaques and bundles Verses I lye them down, they never die down If the crowd rile down then fire another round Jay-Z: I flow hard for the street, sicka for the club   Sometimes for the ladies, but this one for my thugs Bleek: To my thug niggas, slug niggas, tear the club niggas   My "I don't give a fuck niggas." Both: It's all love niggas [Beanie Sigel I squeeze guns that'll go through your jeep You know I'm controllin the street Beanie Sigel, Hove, and Bleek I keep rope and a baby mack Don't get your ladies snatched Comin out that baby gat Fuckin with a crazy cat I know you wanna lay me flat Shit, plenty niggas wanna pay me back Win on stick-ups turn thou' avalanche pick-ups For the soft and the cooked up they lost when they looked up Why you think I roll with the Roc? Shit, everybody I roll wit Hash-E Everybody I roll wit got Ain't stopping me from takin over blocks West coast style, S.K. with the shoulder stop Order hour fifteen, I spur on your team Four pound heckling cocked Jeckle ya block, settin off Viper alarms Strikin ya moms Roc-a-fella dynasty gotcha right in their palms Jay-Z: I flow hard for the street, sicka for the club   Sometimes for the ladies, but this one for my thugs Bleek: To my thug niggas, slug niggas, tear the club niggas   My "I don't give a fuck niggas." Both: It's all love niggas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big L f/ Lord Finesse, Mic Nut, Jay-Z, Party Arty, Y.U. Album: Lifestylez Ov Da Poor & Dangerous Song: Da Graveyard Typed by: Nelson2014@aol.com Intro: It's the number one crew in the area. Big L: Big L be lightin' niggas like incense Gettin' men lynched to win tits I'm killin' infants for ten cents Cause I'm a street genius with a unique penis Got fly chicks on my dick that don't even speak English I'm makin' ducks shed much tears I buck queers  I don't have it all upstairs but who the fuck cares? I'm grabbin' brews takin' fast swiggas I get cash and stash figures and harass them bitch ass niggas After you you're gonna get scared next And if ya squad flex I'm lettin' off like Bernard Getts A tech nine is my utensil Fillin' niggas with so much led they can use they dick for a pencil I'm known for snatchin' purses and bombin' churches I get more pussy on accident then most niggas get on purpose I got drug spots from New York to Canada Cause Big L be fuckin' with more keys than a janitor Lord Finesse: Now it's the dictator who's style is greater It's the man with more wild flavors than motherfuckin' Now & Laters And rappers I hit 'em well They automatically go to heaven fuckin' with me cause I give 'em hell So don't try to front troop When your style is played out just like an Oshkosh jumpsuit I'm out to collect figures I'm on some Wu-Tang shit so Protect Ya fuckin' Neck nigga Not a role model I'm a bad figure When it comes to rap I got skills out the ass nigga I got it locked like a warden Rap without Finesse is like the NBA without Jordan So all ya new jacks kickin' wack raps It's a fact that  I'll be on your fuckin' back like a napsack It ain't shit you can tell me Cause bitches still jock me without a motherfuckin' LP Hook: It's the number one crew in the area "Known for sendin' garbage MCs to the graveyard"  (x2) Microphone Nut: Yo I got a death wish  That's why I talk so much motherfuckin' shit I want these bitch motherfuckers to try to flip  So I can fill up this clip and stick the gun between they lips like a  cigarette And let 'em smoke the four fifth ? no need to lie or cry it's time motherfucker to die Because to me death is like sex And if my brain was a deck of cards I'd be missing a whole deck Strap up a Mac clack clack motherfuckers are runnin' like rats The blind bats are fuckin' crazed cats Cause the Microphone let's loose  And you're wonderin' how the fuck did this madman get cut loose >From 25 consecutive 25 the life is  For murderin' up some fuckin' white kids These were the kids of the prison guards  Then I startin' killin' squads of prison guards in the prison yard One two everybody's through The Microphone Nut flew over the prison walls without a clue And now I'm decked to hawk shit and talk shit Whoever flaunts shit I leave 'em unconscious I run through ya with a maneuver and German luger Wreck like Das EFX straight out the fuckin' sewer  Please show me where the crack is at While they quarter crack the sack I crack they backs like Cracker Jacks So I'm the one you should run from Because the Microphone Nut is like a motherfuckin' stun gun Jay-Z: The way I rock No way you could stop I shock pop and drop when Jay gets hot When I'm in the zone better hold ya own Cause I like to break when I finish a poem Pound for p-p-pound the best around No way you can get up when I get down I shake rattle and roll and wreck shit like none And beat a niggas ass half silly on da one Fuckin' A fuckin' Jay ill with skill So ladies step up I get around like a wheel I'm never chokin' off chronic skills are bonic Bitches will treat me like Onyx  Respect that I'll peel a punks cap back and sign it Creep through your block fuck a glock I step  Through your neighborhood armed with nothing but a rep I'm giving these ladies something they can feel cause I'm real Ya man get outta line and it's kill kill kill Hook (x2) Party Arty of Ghetto Dwellaz: Yo ya step up and you'll get played like the small fry I'm throwin' niggas off the roof said you wanna be the four guy So mess around you'll be a dead man I get hype Tonite's The Night like Redman Nuff respect to Big L who get wreck Chiggidy check yourself cause I ain't workin' with a full deck I'm lethal, eatin' people Not Jeffery Dahmer I'm the sequel Head Or Gut like Illegal So what cha want? Yo I'm strapped with the gats step up plap plap I'm leavin' caps in your back fool I rip tracks wanna say peace to hip hop A nigga disagree bring it on and get dropped I get wreck I'm Party Arty so hit the deck  The kid with the tech smokin' niggas like cigarettes Now some ask me how I'm gettin' jewels I say big up big up it's a stick up stick up I stick and move Big L: And that's how we do. So Y.U. grab the gat and let loose Y.U.: Yo rat tat tat I got the gat cocked Nigga we ghost man a punk? I let it roast and leave your pussy ass comatose I'm shootin' up like the west is Fuck suggestions  I'll blow out a niggas intestines Better dip fast quick fast or you won't last One blast will put your ass in a body cast And I be killin' for rep get ill in a sec Nine mil on your neck blood spill is still in effect Constantly comittin' grand larceny Arsony niggas don't want no parts of me Never past up a fast buck ask the last duck His jewels were truck he got his ass stuck So what the fuck is you sayin' hop? I'm wanted for slayin' cops  Who's ever around when I be sprayin' drops But I ain't givin' a fuck who gets hit Niggas coppin' pleas but I ain't tryin' to hear shit I'll burn you faggot niggas like toast If you die and come back I shoot your spirit  now your ass is just a holy ghost You tried to play me to the left  You better put a target on your head  cause you're marked for death (echo) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big L f/ Jay-Z Album: Harlem's Finest: A Freestyle History (2003) Song: Stretch & Bobbito '95 Pt. I Typed by: keen@drexel.edu (Big L) Yo, check it Yo, I got slugs for snitches No love for bitches Puttin thugs in ditches When my trigger finger itches I got a rep that make police jet Known to get a priest wet I never beg for pussy like Keith Sweat Is Big L slow? Hell no Bitches get fucked on the roof when I ain't got no hotel dough I'm known for yoking jacks And beatin them with smoking gats Leavin token blacks with broken backs and open caps So with that bullshit, step to the rear son The last thing you want with Big L is a fair one Cause in a street brawl, I strike men like lightning You see what happened in my last fight friend? Aight then I beat kids with lead pipes I leave a trail of dead mic's Where I'm from, niggaz jewels get ran like red lights Old folks get mugged and raided Crimes are drug related And we live by the street rules that thugs created Clowns get smoked about a thousand volts For selling pounds of coke Front in this town and get a tech stuck down your throat I'm tellin you shit is about to get drastic soon I'm quick to blast a goon And break a motherfucker like a plastic spoon I got the looks that make your hotty stare I keep a shotty near It's the nigga with notty hair who Gotti fear Tracks I'm know to roast Until the microphone is ghost Props I own the most I'm leaving niggaz comatose Front and get your brain pinched Big L will have your whole gang lynched I started smoking dust and been insane since This rap shit was a great gift The other night some snake riffed And got a hot lead face lift All through high school I had braids I kept mad blades Stabbing teachers to death that gave me bad grades I cook the mic like a beef steak Cause my techniques great And I'm the nigga police hate in each state Cause I'm the neighborhood lamper Punk brother vamper Fuck around you'll find my silk boxers in your mother's hamper Cops drop when my glock makes a pow sound I'm from a whyle town You know my style clown, so bow down (Jay-Z) Brothers can beg and borrow Still feel sorrow When Jay-Z, like Zorro, get in that ass Better luck tomorrow I'm too much, nigga, so never should you rush You need slow down, or get your ass tore down Check it out, I'm too cocky To stop me, you gotta kill me And when I'm gone, you can still feel me On the real, B The shit is eternal, I rock the Heavens well Even if they won't let me in Heaven I raise hell, till its Heaven Recognize, the black cat with the nine lives Get up off me, nigga, its bad luck to cross me I'm poppin Crystal, shooting game like missiles As projected, all ho's affected by this style I mack like Goldie, go back like the oldies But the goody, pullin R&B bitches wearin hoodies They don't be knowin the way I be flowin When I be goin, I be running the track like Jesse Owens I disrupt the natural scheme The way that you do things wit a swing and have em rockin like You say never you run, if ever you come It's never you run so fast in your life to never have won Come on and ride the rhythm I be producing like jizm Just like the gods I start with knowledge and follow with wisdom For greater understanding I'm landing blows and Knocking sense into those that oppose me, ha Enticin when slicing through tracks Your screaming, "Jesus Christ," he's back And God knows he can rap Me and L put rhythm on the map So give him his dap And me, I just take mine Gimme those, gimme this, gimme that, fuck that You never see me stressed, in a GS On the prize, my greedy eyes can't see no less Jigga incredible Even my thoughts is federal Like kidnapping, extortion and corruption So you know, beatin me will never come Like a nun or tomorrow, I'm too thorough, nigga I make moves, cause bowels to move When I'm creeping through your hood with a thousand little dudes Um. We're the peace like Islam I make your eyes rise like yeast Surprise, I feel no fear when facing y'all Betcha lyrics jump off the track like racing cars Emcee's trying to be the best And even in dying, couldn't be this def (death) I see no reason to stop cheesin Ever since L said "Throw three g's in" And we can get down and split the wealth That's when I found I could do it myself I get up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big L f/ Jay-Z Album: Harlem's Finest: A Freestyle History (2003) Song: Stretch & Bobbito '95 Pt. II Typed by: keen@drexel.edu (Big L) My crew be deliverin hot lead when gats are clenched Rappers I jack and lynch Nobody can fuck with the way I be killing the shit in rap events Big L is the nigga you expect To catch wreck in any cassette deck I'm so ahead of my time, my parents haven't met yet I'm feeling like Billy Bathgate My rap style is past great I love to fuck a bitch from the back and watch her ass shake I probably got your mommy strung Niggaz hear me and take more notes than Connie Chung My clan plans to get Guillianni hung Never had a gassed head Got loot cause I stash bread Try to tax and I'ma beat your fagot ass half-dead I stomp white cops till the life stops For a low price hops Cause my blood is colder than an ice box On 1-3-9 you don't want a block war Cause my crew will kill a nigga from the lobby to the top floor And every time a mack eleven bucks I'm killing at least seven ducks I never was a follower of Reverend Butts The bitch type I dislike, I'm rougher than a fist fight All chicks ain't shit, ain't no such thing as Miss Right So we can never be a couple hun Fuck love, all I got for ho's is hard dick and bubble gum And clown emcee's I be attacking quick I'm on some rappin shit and some car jackin shit I ran up on this nigga name Mac in a black ac And put the gat to his cap, click-clack Sorry jack but get up out of that My 38 works great, so make a mistake and hesitate I can't wait to demonstrate this nickel plat He didn't listen to what I was speakin He started reaching So I left him sleepin with his temple leaking Aight, back to my man Jay-Z (Jay-Z) As soon as I grab it, I eat it up like a savage And no I don't have it, I get it together like a marriage I'm seeking all rappers, I'm on my p's and q's and carrots Y'all don't understand, well, god-damn, don't you know my status I'm flowing the fattest, mmmm that is, mmmm, I'm the baddest No need to explain my name, the only thing that matters For suckers who bite me, they find I'm a bit much to swallow Your thinking that's hollow, the rhythm is too rugged to follow I hit you like bam, biggity bam, bam, biggity bam Let me take a little breathgod damn The kid is a wizard I'm definitely destined to make eight digits Met up with L on the road to riches As soon as I step up, nah, whenever I'm in the, uh Whatever I touch, whatever I clutch You know I'm gonna end ya, uh The nigga don't play, hey, the nigga don't play, hey Hahahhhh, here I come a-g-g-gain, run, up up up in Niggaz are do ducking I'm boo buckin, fuck it I'm whyle But a boo boo boo bam, what you niggaz gonna do to the man? I see you brought your little crew and? I'm still comin with velocity, check it out Jid-a, id-a, wid-I, zid-e, uh huh Ain't none of the clowns fuckin around Ain't none of clowns standing their ground with the crowned prince of the underground Sounds like I'm ready to catch wreck now The heats on sweat now Jay-Z's on, be gone to the next town Punk, jump up and get beat down Check it out, check it out, check it out Ladies be comin out of their seats now Shit I got crazy skills It's a pity the way I'm ripping rugged rhythm through the city Like dunnanna dunnanna di-di-dun dun ditty I got rhythm, I, hit em with rhythm, I Hit em and split em, I did em, I get rid of them guys J-A, baby, baby please, gimme g's Baby, baby, wit crazy ease Watch Jay-Z get crazy G's The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Blackstreet f/ Jay-Z  Album: Soul Food soundtrack Song: Call Me (Hip Hop Mix) Teddy's Rap When's the last time ya'll heard my drop rhymes See I be droppin' in it, remix, ya'll be coppin it Play it on the radio, rockin' it East,West,North,South non-stop it No lie you seen me with Guy Jimmy Lovine, BLACKstreet all clean   I work beats like girls in mag do You need a remix I'll fix you too....BLACKstreet Hook Call me, if you need someone to fix you Call me, satisfaction guranteed Call me, if you need someone to fix you  Call me, call me Oh sugar girl you sexy thang I like the way you swang I always wanna be your lover You can call me if you need a fix or two Girl you know how we do, I gotta get with you You can hit me on the phone dial my number I'll be waiting when I see you we'll be anticipating All I wanna do is drive you crazy girl If we can flow, baby let's go see me tonight Hook  You don't have to worry  I'll be there for you It's time for you to be my girl We've been knowing each other For some time girl and I don't know What i'd do without you Hook Jay-Z's Rap Zhigga murder tracks let the rap flow kill ya Rock plantinum jewelry Young ladies think it's silver Need a fix hit me in the hip But don't get bezerk and get whipped Put my buisness in the street like work I rock rocky ices Duck po-lices Thru somethin' let me know I'll meet you by your building In a brand new somethin' It's not a thing i jus' copped A range and 4 dot 6 with the Hot wood grain Drop the front like hydaulics Gotta hypnotic like the Dearly departed Christopher Wallace Zhigga got it if you need it Willing to give it if willing to Live it, loving killing digits It's the blacksheep along with BLACKstreet If it drop on Monday we go Plantinum the week Hook The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ Jay-Z, P. Diddy Album: Love & Life Song: Love & Life Intro Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com **Phone dialling** 	[Mary] What's up, this is Mary, leave a message, and I'll holla back, peace 	[Diddy] Yo, yo Mary, pick up the phone girl Ay yo Mary, pick up the phone girl MJ = Hello? PD = Ay yo, what's up? MJ = What's up Puff? PD = Girl you ready? MJ = I'm always ready 	[Diddy] It's about that time again This the moment they all been waiting for Time to take it back to the gutter The queen of hip-hop soul 	[Mary] (Jay-Z) Oohh, live your life cos life is love Always thank the man above (thank you, uh) The more you the more you get (that's real talk) Yeah, yeah (let me warm it up for ya) 	[Jay-Z] Who better to usher you back through the gutter Than America's number one hustler (Sean Carter) Don't call it a come back Unless there's some money attached to that And you can call it whatever you like, in fact It's something like a phenomenon Like a young LeBron, gettin my high school games on TV just for dunkin on Whoever want it with Sean he can get it jumpin like Donkey Kong We could get it thumpin like bum-ba-bum Travel the way of the gun, come on, c-come on No, I'm not only beggin I'm eggin you on Until you dead or gone that's the vendetta I'm on This ain't no video game with wrestlers on it The competitor on this is on some shit Honest come through all black like a Amish Holsters under the armpit, the arm spit, ha Just that Brooklyn don shit Along with the queen from Yonkers Come on kiss the ring Fore I let miss Mary sing Supposed to you a soul in the everything, yeah It's classic material I see you bastards at the burial Jay go first and then Mary go, round I just ride, hold her down with the fifth by my side Me and miss Blige Look up in the sky it's a bird and the 'caine And the hydro flow that I brought to the game I could go mo' but I'm a let ma do her thang Brooklyn, we did it again 	[Diddy] I can't really explain what it is about her I don't know it's just, it's something special Ain't nobody like her, there's only one Mary Only one queen of hip-hop soul Love and life, let's do it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B (of UGK) f/ Pimp C, Young Jeezy, Jay-Z, Z-Ro Album: Trill Song: Get Throwed Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, hiphopjay@mac.com [Intro] Smoke somethin, bitch UGK, hold up, talkin bout, uhh [Pimp C] Pimp C P.A. Trill nigga Polo fuck that Hilfiger Made myself a ghetto star On the slab, sippin barre Smokin weed, sellin white Them other niggaz shit don't come back right That's how niggaz get popped Trying to get the cheaper price Watch yo' paper, guard your life Cause most these niggaz ain't livin right Keep yo' pistol, fuck a fight Cause niggaz out here jack every night I keep my mind on my money nigga fuck the fame Big face hun'erds, keepin the game Hittin the corner in the candy thang Sittin on leather, grippin the grain [Chorus: Z-Ro] + (Young Jeezy) Good weed, good drink, big money, we- (AYE!) Rollin in somethin' foreign, I'm leather grippin grain (YEEEAH!) I handle my business so I think I deserve to get throwed, throwed [Bun B] Well I came in the door, I said it befo' I never fuck a hoe without head no more I never pull up in nuttin less than a four And I smoke cigars, it ain't just for the show I'm blessed from the do', and known for my stidile I send a nigga baby mamma home with a smidile You can have the bitch nigga, I ain't sentimental Smoke weed and freestyle over an instrumental Been out, lived through the wicked streets of P.A. Motherfuck the judge, prosecutor and the DA Head to the H, where the hoes will fuck three way Two way, four way, anyway the Pro say Never hear a hoe say no I won't, no I can't Stop it and no I don't Cause a bitch know that I might just explode And slap her in the face with a pie a la mode Cause a nigga gettin throwed [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Young Jeezy] (adlibs) You already know what it is, nigga Snowman, 16 5 a piece, nigga USDA I grind hard (grind hard) and play harder (play harder) Break out the pot (YUP) heat up the water (DAMN!) Swear to God the minivan do tricks Hit the breaks, hit the lights and voil there go them bricks Slide through the hood (HOOD!) sittin on some big wheels Niggaz coppin white and turn flips like cartwheels Trapstar, my NexTel chirp all day (AYE!) Ridin' dirty, three nines and a four way (G-YEEEAH!) [Jay-Z] Big money, mayn - we only ride the best This one and only, big homey Tried to told you I'm thug, ha So far I'm tourin on foreign land Worldwide I'm known for the Arm & Hamm- -Er, Murder the streets I'm a wanted man (But the flow's like dope) So it's on again Started with the block, hit it brick by brick Then I charted with the ROC nigga, hit by hit I'm retarded with the glock nigga, clip by clip The competition is none, they deceased to exist Let it breathe a little bit He's off his rocker, he's a lil schitz' Roll like a football, Hov' used to cook raw Now I got the game sewn like granny's good shawl Sure, y'all niggaz want war Y'all got it backwards, y'all should want raw Y'all should want more (and more, and more - uhh!) [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ DMX, Jay-Z Album: Anarchy Song: Why We Die Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Uhh, that's some shit.. ..that that that niggaz ain't even seen before That's that shit! (Motherfuckers ain't never seen  nothing like this before, for real man) It's goin down baby, uhh.. UHH! Busta Rhymes WHAT?! Uhh, DMX nigga Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh I see ghosts clearly; even though, most don't hear me They still wanna get near me - fear me, so I'm leary Kinda eerie what I'm feelin - from the floor, to the ceilin Straight through the roof, want the truth? I kinda miss robbin and stealin cause it kept a nigga hungry, only eatin when I starved I was ugly, so I robbed, no one loved me, shit was hard Went to God once in a while when it got a little too hectic He was the only one I knew that I respected (WHY?) Didn't know why, didn't know what I was livin was a lie If I ain't shit then, why should I try See, plenty niggaz die, over dumb shit, up in the hood Real good heart, but up to no good Thought I did what I could, but I guess it, wasn't enough The Devil told me it would happen but I kept callin his bluff When it rains it pours now, my pains are yours as yours are what's mine, define, revolvin doors (nigga!) Chorus: Busta Rhymes (Why?) All my niggaz tell me (why) tell me (we die) Cause we crazy with it, quick to blaze you with it From in my soul to every word that I curse with all the agony expressed in this verse; let me ask my niggaz (why?) My niggaz tell me (why) tell me (we die) Because we Gods nigga (and) we go the yard nigga Because I walk the ground under my feet and keep it live and stay in tune with the street Now let me ask my niggaz (why?) [Jay-Z] They say the good die young, in the hood where I'm from I only got one question to that - why the fuck am I here? I look to the air, I ask God, "Love me please," but in reality, only people that hug me is thieves Same niggaz that send shots through my rugby sleeves They wanna, slug me and leave, I'm thinkin it must be me Please shed light, the hood's dark I did my dirt but got a good heart Shouldn't that count for somethin? I was told I'd amount to nothin, most of my childhood Liked by folks it was stuntin my growth Seperated me from the shit I was wantin the most Felt myself comin close to pumpin them O's Lump in my throat, chest poked out, face was poker Tryin to, erase my ghostes, chase the smokers Got demons on both shoulders,  tryin to chauffeur my life through the streets In other words nigga my will was weak Please feel what I speak,  this ain't your average ordinary jargon weak rap niggaz be talkin This shit is deep, from the mind of Busta, 'X and me To all my fallen soldiers, rest in peace, til we meet niggaz Chorus w/ minor variations [Busta Rhymes] I must be cuckoo, like I respect the new-you, never See you too could get it through your FUBU sweater like a nigga when he walk in the dark, trespassin on a nigga land, shots echo loud in the park I live and die for all the shit I believe And rep for everything I stand for  with every single breath I breathe Like the intake from cigarette smoke, it's like you inhale the demon in the gutter stressed struggled and broke If the shit was all over tomorrow, I'd leave a treasure for my kids with a legacy for my CHILDREN to follow You know it's funny how the good die first Get the peppin in your steppin faggot nigga cause you could die worse Hold on, you know I cut off my arm, in the name of reppin REAL NIGGAZ in the midst of droppin this bomb Allah blessin me to rep for the better, and carry on somethin great and keep a nigga name livin forever! Chorus w/ minor variations The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cam'Ron f/ Jay-Z, Juelz Santana Album: Come Home With Me Song: Welcome to New York City Typed by: NSaneNieves@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Jay-Z] Turn the motherfucking music up [Cam'Ron] Just Blaze, man. You owe me nigga [Jay-Z] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Welcome to the Empire State. Home of the World Trade. Birthplace of Michael Jordan. Home of Biggie Smalls. Roc-A-Fella headquaters. Ladies and gentlemen, Killa Cam, Young Hov is definitely in the building Brooklyn, Harlem World (Welcome to New York City, welcome to New York City) Stand the fuck up! (Jay-Z) I'm a B.K. brawler  Marcy projects hallway loiterer Pure coke copper, get your order up I bring em to Baltimore in the Ford Explorer It's gonna cost you more if I gotta get em to Florida Rucker game attender; with the bent parked on the sidewalk with temp plates on the fender I ain't hard to find you catch me frontin center At the Knick game, big chain and all my splender Next to Spike and Pam's left to right I own Madison Square, catch me at the fight But damn once again if you pan left at the ice If you the man that write checks with the hand that don't write I go off the head when I'm rambling on the mic And I go off the feds when I'm srambling at night And if its off the set I brought hammers to the fight But we from New York City, right Cam? (Cam: Ya damn right) (Chorus: Juelz Santana) It's the home of 9-11, the place of the lost towers We still banging, we never lost power, tell em Welcome to New York City, welcome to New York City Y'all fuckin with BK's banger and Harlem's own gangster Now that's danger, there's nothing left to say but Welcome to New York City, welcome to New York City (Cam'Ron) Yo, theres a war going on outside no man is safe from It don't matter if you three feet or eight-one You'll get eight from me, nine and straight blown Wig split, melon cracked, all that on day one Carry eight guns, two in the trunk Two in the waist, two in the ankle, two to just spank you You can jam with them jammers, blam with them blammers It's hot here, ask Mase he ran to Atlanta You think we know what life do, make on the motor-cycle Drinkers they so delightful, blinging with so much ice In front of sparks, body cops Dilano Block away watch by Gotti and Girvano It's la costra nostra, someone close approach ya They'll toast ya gopher, bread loaf with shofer Old coke they raise up and snort, blayze up ya fort Jay puff shine, cases was caught Midnight pick fights, they love a victim Watch him fore he watch you, Killa (Chorus) (Cam'Ron) I'm from 101, west to Hunt 40th, this shit is live Fifth-floor, 56, you know the zip, district five You're on 22nd, you from two-one Thats on Lennox, 7th ave was news one (Jay-Z) Coverage I synethestry Got rise from defending me Cause New York'll miss me if I'm locked in the penitentary The judge said "Is this that thug, from the kit kat club?" But I got enough chips stacked up to make a bitch to pack up (Cam'Ron) Killa, I pinch that button, I grip that snub to hit that thug Lay up in a pitch black tug, You lookin at rich black thugs to get that love And we won't stop til I get back blood Holla at em Hov (Jay-Z) I'm from Flushing, Marcy, Nostrand, Myrtle and Park Niggas'll drive by in the day, murder you in the dark Thats why the Johnny gun I'm holding Wet niggas up like the johnny-pump is open Homie, I play hard (Chorus) (Cam'Ron) Yall niggas man, yall can't fuck around man It's the ROC bitch, Killa, my nigga Jigga, Sigel, Beans Diplomats man, holla, Dash Get the fuck off our dicks I own this shit right now man, I ain't going nowhere The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mariah Carey f/ Jay-Z Album: Rainbow Song: Heartbreaker Typed by: TwstFlava@aol.com, Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [DJ Clue] (Mariah) Yeah (We're gonna do it like this, ooh) [Jay-Z] (Mariah) All right let's go (ooh) 1  [Mariah]   Give me your love Repeat 1 during intro [Jay-Z] (Clue) Ugh, what, ugh, jigga (MC, ha, Clue) Hey, you gotta bounce to this like this You almost gotta watch to this, uh-huh (who-ee) Escape [Mariah] (Clue) Oh your love's so good I don't wanna let go And although I should I can't leave you alone (ha, ha) Cause you're so disarming I'm caught up in the midst of you And I can not resist at all 2  [Mariah]   Boy if I do   The things you want me to   The way I used to do   Would you love me baby?   Or leaving me feeling used   Would you go and break my heart? 3  [Mariah]   Heartbreaker you've got the best of me   But I just keep coming back incessantly   Oh why did you have to run your game on me?   I should of known right from the start   You'd go and break my heart [Mariah] (Jay Z) Give me your love Give me your love (She said) Give me your love (She wants) Give me your love Give me your love (She said) Give me your love (Uh-huh) Give me your love (Yeah) Give me your love [Mariah] (Clue) (Get him back) It's a shame to be So euphoric and weak When you smile at me And you tell me the things That you know persuades me to relinquish my love to you But I can not resist at all Repeat 2 Repeat 3 [Jay-Z] I'm all on the record Okay, Clue all right She wanna shop with Jay She wanna play box with Jay She wanna pillow fight in the middle of the night She wanna drive my Benz with five of her friends She wanna creep past the block, spying again She wanna roll with Jay, chase skeeos away She wanna fight with lame chicks, blow my date She wanna inspect the rest, kick me to the curb If she find one strand of hair longer than hers She want love in the jacuzzi, rub up in the movies Access to the old crib, keys to the newbie She wanna answer the phone, tattoo her arm That's when I gotta send her back to her moms She calls me heartbreaker, when we apart it makes her Want a piece of paper, scribble down I Hate Ya But she knows she loves Jay because Cause she loves everything Jay say, Jay does and ugh Repeat 3 Repeat 1 till end in background Repeat 3 Repeat 3 & 2 [Clue] MC, break it down Ha, ha X-streak, it's a rap The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mariah Carey f/ Jay-Z, Young Jeezy Album: Shake it Off 12" Song: Shake it Off (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro - Jay-Z (Young Jeezy)] Uh, uh, uh, uh H-O-V and M.C. H-O-V Young Jeezy (YEAAHHHH) H-O-V and M.C. H-O-V Young Jeezy I know y'all see how it's going down The best in the business baby Live from the over Morpheus Let's Get It! [Jay-Z] Ladies and gentleman, it's Hov Break up is imminent, I know What's the sense of putting it off 'til tomorrow Pretending it ain't gonna end, let's roll Gotta move baby, know it's hella hard You gotta find your groove baby like Stell-in-a That ain't you baby, gotta let her do what it do baby Shed a tear or two but don't get too crazy baby Why are you behaving like it ain't other fish In the fish bowl for the disco, nigga let's go The Emancipation of M-I-M-I, I spray ?Ra-mus? RA, RA Twenty worldwide nigga get your plaques Guess who the fuck got his swagger back Shake 'em all, uh, shake 'em all, uh G4's and all we take off, uh we flawless mister I'm the boss, El Presidente, caliente Call me the other dog, so fuck all y'all The boy is back along with the voice is back M.C., shake 'em off [Mariah Carey - Verse One] (Shake it off) By the time you get this message, it's gonna be too late So don't bother paging me, 'cause I'll be on my way See I grabbed all my diamonds and clothes Just ask your momma she knows You're gonna miss me baby, hate to say I told you soooo Well at first I didn't know, but now it's clear to me You would cheat with all your freaks and lie compulsively So I packed up my Louis Vuitton Jumped in your ride and took off You'll never ever find a girl, who loves you more than me I gotta shake it offfff - 'cause the loving ain't the same And you keep on playing games like you know I'm here to stay I gotta sh-shake it offfff - just like the Calgon commercial, I - really gotta get, up outta here, and go somewhere I gotta shake it offff - gotta make that move Find somebody who, appreciates all the love I give Boy, I gotta sh-shake it offff - gotta do what's best for me Baby and that means I gotta - shake it offfff [Hook 4X] I gotta - shake, shake, shake, shake, shake it off [Young Jeezy overlaps] Yeah, y'all ready know what it is man! A-Town's finest! What's crackin', M.C.? Young Hov, what's good baby? Eh-eh Let's Get It [Young Jeezy (with his adlibs)] Make me imagine that Fo' real playgirl like I'm having that Bronze on my tip can't shake 'em off Take her to the crib then I break 'em off ????? on my team cause she know that I'm a winner Drink Cris out the bottle, eat Popeyes for dinner Left the coupe at the crib, scooped her up in the Chevy Got the top down and the bass beatin' heavy See he-he spoils you me I ignore ya Sh-shake ya off, don't answer ya phone calls You say I'm trippin' but me I call it tough love So tell your friends you're in love with a straight thug ???? What's happening with you honey Young Snowman chase nothing but some money [Mariah Carey] I found out about a gang of your dirty little deeds With this one and that one by the pool, on the beach, in the streets Heard y'all was...Hold up my phone's breakin' up I'ma hang up and call the machine right back (I gotta get this offa my mind) You wasn't worth my time, so I'm leaving you behind... Cause I need a real love in my life Save this recording because, I'm never coming back home ..Baby I'm gone Don't cha know [Chorus and Bridge] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cassidy f/ Jay-Z * Album: I'm a Hustla Song: I'm a Hustla Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com * Jay-Z appearance is a vocal sample only [Intro - Jay-Z] + (Cassidy) Nigga ask about me (yeah, yeah) nigga ask about me (yeah, yeah) Nigga ask about me (yeah, yeah) nigga ask about me (yeah, yeah) I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey (yeah!) I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey (yeah!) Nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me (yeah!) Nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me (yeah!) I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey (yeah!) (This for all my niggaz that's goin through the struggle...) I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey (yeah!) (..that's on the grind) Nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me (yeah!) (All my niggaz that ever had to hustle to get at a dollar..) Nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me (yeah!) (..this for y'all man) I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey (yeah!) (Personality change, man) I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey (yeah!) (The Kid Cassidy, this for the hood) [Verse 1 - Cassidy] I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey I got the product, narcotics for the customers homey Fiend's open they be smokin like a muffler homey Niggaz phoney so I only got a couple of homies If you a hustler I could-I could fuck wit you homey You spend a couple of bucks I'll stay in touch with you homey I get money I get 20 a K, I got 20 strips all doin 20 a day - ay! I get cake from buds and haze I'm makin dubs They hatin cause I'm on the grind like I'm makin love Wit cops got the block hot like a Jamaican clubs Cop wait, wait for a drought and then I make a flood Try to take my cake you gon' take a slug But you can take my information if you takin drugs 'Cause I could sell Raid to a bug I'm a hustler I can sell salt to a slug, 'cause [Chorus - Jay-Z] I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey (yeah!) I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey (yeah!) Nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me (yeah!) Nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me (yeah!) I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey (yeah!) I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey (yeah!) Nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me (yeah!) Nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me (yeah!) I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey (yeah!) I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey (yeah!) [Verse 2 - Cassidy] I'm married to the game, same bride just a new groom I do more then just do tunes 'Cause my bills come in too soon, my son gon' be two soon Royalty checks come like once in a blue moon But I'm gettin my dough from doin shows I made more dough on the grind than goin' gold That's why I stay fly and I'm flagon on hoes Floss is so cool, in Austin no shoes Just a rubberband on my wrist no jewels I ain't got to prove I'm rich, I'm no fool I know the rules and, I ain't got time for it But a nigga will shine, when it's time for it And they will hate you deal with the real cake And they on the corner from mornin to real late I deal weight and if you bastards doubt me I'm a hustler ask about, ask about me [Verse 3 - Cassidy] Yeah paid you got saved don't be spend the change In fifth grade I was hustlin my Genesis games I was dumb young sellin chewin gum to my classmates On the cash chase movin at a fast pace Never been a dummy never did what the dummies do So I had a mill' to burn before I turned 22 "More money, more problems" is true Because the more money I make, the more problems for you Yeah I used dude voice props to the boy Shawn He made it a hot line I made a hot song So, stop drawin man you got to respect it I'm the best Swizz got to perfected don't mess wit C-A-double-S-I-D-Y 'Cause I became the best when B-I-G died The Kid do it big like P-U-N 'Cause I'm nice P-A-C with the P-E-N, and [Outro - Cassidy] This for all my niggaz that's goin through The struggle that's on the grind All my niggaz that ever had to hustle to get at a dollar This for y'all man, personality change, man he Kid Cassidy, this for the hood {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cassidy f/ Jay-Z Album: I'm a Hustler 12" Song: I'm a Hustler (Alternate Mix) Typed by: visionbone@yahoo.com [Chorus - Jay-Z] Nigga ask about me nigga ask about me Nigga ask about me nigga ask about me I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey Nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me Nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey Nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me Nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey [Verse 1 - Cassidy] I'm so nice that I'd bet my life I guess I got gambling problems You scramblers can't handle the problems STOP, I win a lot when I bet so I spend a lot The rocks on my neck they weigh more than a cinder block To move forward I had to guard and defend the rock And I got more blocks than a center got Shaq style the gat loud when I send the shots If it's drama I'm like Dahmer do dinner ock cause you's not no contender ock I make um sick to they gut when I pick up the pen and jot I grind all summer hustle all winter ock You working wit a bird or two, you still a beginner ock They bring the ships in when I cop Scarface got 'em for 14/5 I get 'em 10 a wop It's cake around break it down get 10 a rock My click switch shifts at 6 and 10 o'clock I'm workin with the raw dog and I be in the spot You working with the law thug you should of been a cop I don't care if you've been shot or been to the pen or not Pussy I'll pull it, give you a bullet in a box [Chorus - Jay-Z] I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey Nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me Nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey Nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me Nigga ask a... nigga-nigga ask about me I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey I'm a hustler, I'm a-I'm a hustler homey [Verse 2 - Cassidy] You a bitch ass nigga, snitch ass nigga I'm the type to get cash quick fast nigga Cass is a rich ass nigga I got it on smash I make hits and your shit trash nigga Maw you ain't hot at all So when the media asks if I fuck wit a lot of y'all I'm like not at all The last cat I heard rapping I knotted off So I ain't fucking with nothing if I'm not involved My one liners make rhymers need Tylenol And I've been sick with the hook since I wrote "Got it All" For Kiss and Eve, I flip the keys I got 20's of the Christmas trees with no sticks and seeds that'll get you higher than a motherfucker I'm a pretty type guy flyer than a mother I'm a hustler wit talent and a plan When I perform it's more than 10,000 in the stands I been getting thousands for the grams That's why I'm on the cover of the Source with 10,000 in my hand The reason I be smiling for my fans is because I ain't trying lose my deal like I'm Dylon from The Band Man, these niggaz acting like thugs, but they ain't never squeeze These niggaz acting like bloods it's cause they ain't never bleed We all dogs I'm a better breed; and you can't say that I don't come back to the hood cause I ain't never leave And shit change, shit the same wit this cheddar cheese I just cop betta coke and smoke betta weed I'm single so I get the hoes that I want I had the #1 single and went gold in a month what you want The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Changing Faces f/ Jay-Z Album: All Day, All Night Song: All of My Days Typed by: janis@betatesters.com [Jay-Z] Changing Faces, Jay-Z, R. Kelly Yeah, check her Uh huh, Changing faces How we do Yo, all of my rhymes fall All of my days I trade All of my dimes and all of my bad ways I fade Killing late nights cruisin' All you see is the brake lights, and hair blowin You know where we goin' Or at the club in the rear frontin' Poppin' droppin' And E amounts some cats will wear Ain't trying to hear nothin' Probaby was wilder than Bobbie Are you the Whitney to get me Hold me down and make me slow down be be twizzy Keep the ice out the club lights changing faces Get a little wifey on the license plates Wait, make me think about you even when you not around Use the bathroom, put the toilet seat back down Cop you some sprinkles that hand with the wrinkles If preferred his and her firs to the ankles Keep your friends buggin', lovin' all my ways Jigger, keep you jiggy All of my days [Changing Faces] In the middle of the night You got me thinking 'bout you, babe Got me dreaming 'bout you, baby 1 - 	(All that I have) All that I have 	(Baby, it's yours) Baby it's yours 	Forever and ever, baby 2 - 	All I want is (All I want) 	To be with you 	All of my days 	All I want, all I need All I want is (All I want) To be with you All of my days (All I want, yeah) Anything to turn you on I'll be giving it to you, babe You don't have to worry, baby Repeat 1 Repeat 2 3 - 	All I want is  	To be with you all of my days 	(All I want, yeah, hey) [R. Kelly] Check it All I want, all I need Is you in my life Loving me All I want, all I need Is you in my life (uh huh) Loving me [Jay-Z] Now we going house shoppin Everybody wanna know the price your spouse droppin' Keep that on the low R.Kelly style It's quite shockin' A year ago, all I did was spend nights hoppin' In the club in search of pretty faces and nice stockins' Who woulda thought I'd walk down the isle, rice dropping Gotchu a nice rock and Now it's on they poppin', droppin' Hotter than platinum bracelets Jigger R. Kelly, Changing Faces, uh [Changing Faces] All I want is To be with you all of my days All I want, all I need Repeat 3 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Coldplay f/ Jay-Z Album: Lost (Remix) 12" Song: Lost (Remix) Typed by: Burnsidebadboy1985@yahoo.com Just because I'm losing Doesn't mean I'm lost! Doesn't mean I'll stop Doesn't mean I'm across Just because I'm hurting Doesn't mean I'm hurt Doesn't mean I don't get what I deserved No better and no worse I just got lost Every river that I tried to cross Every door I ever tried was locked Oh and I'm just waiting 'til the shine wears off You might be a big fish In a little pond Doesn't mean you've won Cause a long may come A bigger one And you'll be lost Every river that you tried to cross Every gun you ever held went off Oh and I'm just waiting until the firing stopped Oh and I'm just waiting 'til the shine wears off [Jay-Z] Aha, I gotcha, uh... With the same sword they knight you, they gon' good night you with Shit, that's only half if they like you That ain't even the half what they might do Don't believe me, ask Michael C. Martin, see Malcolm See Biggie, see Pac, see success and its outcome See Jesus, see Judas See Caesar, see Brutus, see success is like suicide Suicide, it's a suicide If you succeed, prepare to be crucified Media meddles, niggaz sue you, you settle Every step you take, they remind you you're ghetto So it's tough being Bobby Brown To be Bobby then, you have to be Bobby now And the question is, "Is to have had and lost Better than not having at all?" Because I'm... Oh and I, just waiting 'til the shine wears off Oh and I, just waiting 'til the shine wears off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dead Prez f/ Jay-Z Album: Revolutionary But Gangsta Song: Hell Yeah (Pimp the System) (Remix) Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com, Kirb080@cox.net [Jay-Z] We together on the same track now, baby! Whatchu gon call us now?! [Intro] Holton Street, Dean Street (click clack) Prezident (uh huh) nostril out (DP's) (Marcy) Orange Ave (RBGs) T-Town (Who wanna ride?) Brooklyn, come on, come on [Verse - stic.man] Sittin' in the living room on the floor Hunger pain got me on some migraine shit But I'm a maintain Nigga got 2 or 3 dollars to my name And my homies in the same boat going through the same thing Ready for our cake, steady plottin for the paper We been living in the dark since April On the candle, gotta get a handle My homie got a 25 automatic added to the gamble Nigga get the phone book look up in the yellow page Lemme tell you how we fend to get paid We gonna order pizza and when we see the driver We gonna stick the 25 up in his face Lets ride, stepping outside like warriors Head to the notorious Southside One weapon to the four of us Hiding in the corridor until we see the Dominos car headlights White boy in the wrong place at the right time Soon as the car door open up he mine We roll up quick and put the pistol to his nose By the look on his face he probably shitted in his clothes You know what this is, it's a stic up Gimme the do' from your pickups You ran into the wrong niggaz We running down the block hot with these pizza boxes So we split up and met back at the apartment Hell yeah (yo ain't you hungry my nigga?) Hell yeah (you wanna get paid my nigga?) Hell yeah (ain't you tired of starving my nigga?) Hell yeah (well lets ride then) Hell yeah, Hell yeah [Verse - M-1] I know a way we can get paid You can get down but you can't be afraid Let's go to the DMV, and get a ID The name says you but the face is me Now it's your turn take my paper work Like 1, 2, 3 lets make it work Then, fill out the credit card application And it's gonna be bout 3 weeks of waiting For American Express, Discovery Card Platinum Visa, Master Card Cause, when you was spooked as shit then we was targets Now we just walk right up and say charge it To the game we rocking brand names Well known at Department Store chains Even got the boys in the crew a few things Po Po never know who to true blame Store after store you know we kept rolling Wait two weeks report the car stolen Repeat this cycle like a like a laundry mat Like a glitch in the system it's hard to catch Coming out the mall with the shopping bags We can take it right back then get the cash Yeah, get a friend and then do it again Damn right that's how we paid the rent (hell yeah) [Bridge - repeat 2x] Got to get this paper I'm down for the caper, we steady on the grind It's a daily struggle, we all gotta hustle This is the way we survive [Verse - Jay-Z] As long as there's - drugs to be sold I ain't waiting for the system to plug up these holes I ain't slipping through the cracks So I'm at Portland, Oregon tryin to slip you these raps The first black in the suburbs You'd think I had extasy, percocet, and plus syrup The way the cops converged, they fucked up my swerve The first young buck that I served I thought back to the block I never seen a cop when I was out there They never came out there And out there, I was slinging crack to live I'm only slinging raps to your kids I'm only trying to show you how black niggaz live But you don't want your little ones acting like this Lil Amy told Becky, Becky told Jenny And now they all know the skinny Lil Joey got his durag on Driving down the street blasting Tupac's song (Thug Life baby!) But Billy like Sue, got his blue rag on Now before you know it, you backing em Now the police, got me in the middle of the street Trying to beat me blue, black and orange I'm like hold up, who you smacking on? I'm only trying to eat what you snacking on [Chorus] (Jay-Z) Hell yeah (y'all don't like that do you?) Hell yeah (you fucked up the hood nigga right back to you) Hell yeah (you know we tired of starving my nigga) Hell yeah (let's ride) hell yeahhh (let's ride) [Bridge - repeat 2x] (w/ Jay-Z ad-libs) If you claiming gangsta Then bang on the system And show that you ready to ride Till we get our freedom We got to get over We steady on the grind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tha Dogg Pound f/ Beanie Sigel, DJ Clue, Jay-Z, Memphis Bleek Album: 2002 * Song: Change the Game (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * originally appeared on "The Professional 2" by DJ Clue [Kurupt] Daz Dillinger [Jay-Z] Talk to 'em [Kurupt] Kurupt young Gotti [Jay-Z] Talk to 'em [Kurupt] Big Jigga nigga, what? [Kurupt *sung*] Psycho, like no, bitch-ass nigga so When you see the D-O double G sneak creep low [Jay-Z] In the memory of the Notoroious B.I.G., Tupac Shakur [Kurupt *sung*] Psycho, like no, bitch-ass nigga so When you see the R-O-to-the-C sneak creep low [Jay-Z] Young Hova in the house, world wide hustler R-O-C, D-P-G motherfuckers.. .. hold up love You know Jigga Man resum, blow up drugs Blast round, full pound, no mask or gloves Face down on the gravel, have gun will travel Out the blue steel barrel get ya crew killed Perro ass niggaz can't touch I, muh'fucker what's my - - name, Young Hov', gun blow like AC R-O-C (With the D-P-G nigga!!) [Daz] Hold up (hah) wait a minute and All my thugs get (get what?) gangsta with it Gotti Jigga and Daz Dillinger, killin ya with the pound with Roc La Familia {*y'all niggaz ain't feelin us*} [Kurupt] Deep in and out, out gold Daytonas D cut through with 2-way Motorolas Nigga the Dynasty and the Pentagon MOTHERFUCKER Hollow tip, stainless teflon MOTHERFUCKER Jigga trigger, cock-a-poppa, nigga chest rocka with the chrome chopper, glock'll pop a nigga so quick Saddam Niastra, y'all done stepped in the mud and about to feel ery'thing from the flat foot Calicos collective, have you ever seen a four so clean like a brand new nina My nigga Daz (Sigel Sigel) Jigga, Memph, in bad-ass Impalas Butt naked bitches and pop collars The popular scholar, this is the beginnin with the hollow tips soarin, chrome wheels spinnin Never have you ever seen a G like me Rollin with the Roc, straight D-P-G Don't change the game for these hoes who plays the game like we supposed [Jay] That nigga Daz in the house [Daz] D-P-G-C fo' L-I-F-E, Roc D-O-double-G Don't change the game for these hoes who plays the game like we supposed [Jay] Young Gotti in the house [Kurupt] Two-shotty, quick to catch a body So put a dick in ya mouth, ya bitch Don't change the game for these hoes who plays the game like we supposed [Jay-Z] Young Hova in the house, world wide hustler R-O-C, D-P-G motherfuckers.. B-I-G still talkin through the voice of I For Tupac they yellin ra-da-da-da-da-da Not a Blood or a Crip but I put drugs on the strip Put dubs on the whip, got bigger guns than the fuzz on my hip, cock back let it rip Won't stop that 'til the whole clip's gone (click..) CLICK! Okay, let's not forget cause you got a vest on all I'm aimin is teflon [Jay-Z and Kurupt] I'm psycho, like no, other motherfucker And this rifle, right for your head motherfucker [Jay] Young Hova in da house [Daz] Everybody get down Roc-A-Fella, Dogg Pound, nigga tell me how that sound [Daz Dillinger] Cha-pow, layin all you wack niggaz down Blowed out chromed out, swervin through ya town What up? Jigga Man, my nigga Kurupt Laid back actin a nut, waitin to 'rupt No remorse as we bust, let you feel the dust Dogg Pound, Roc-A-Fella straight fuckin it up Let it be known; Daz Dillinger, rough to the bone All alone, roam ya neighborhood high exhaust High stylin, profilin, y'all comin after me In actuality they fake the technicality Dogg Pound Roc-A-Fella that's my family On site niggaz died for they salary We the gang and we walk like we talk And we stalk and we do what we do after dark Get one shot Dillinger Roc La Familia {*Now y'all feelin us! Now y'all feelin us!*} Don't change the game for these hoes who plays the game like we supposed [Jay] Sigel Sigel in the house [Beanie Sigel] Uh-huh, sick bastard Even mo' sicker ya brain get mo' twisted Sigel, two Desert Eagle hit you niggaz up quick Got 'em diggin ditches up quick Got you niggaz spittin up cause I'm sick Gettin up slow from hits from the fifth Let a row go quick from the clip Shit, sit a nigga down quick when I'm pitchin a bitch You see light then you takin a trip Five hours, spill a clip and make the hammer dance I'll holla, while you holla in the ambulance STOP ... it's the Roc nigga R-O-C With the D-O-G on ya block Fuck the C-O-P's, let me see those trees No stems, no sticks, no seeds, just breathe [Memphis Bleek] Relax bitch, don't act bitch, we don't stop It's the R-O-C, geah who forgot You never thought Bleek walk on a track before Hit a switch in a black 6-4 before Down on Sunset I run sets, I does that Niggaz look at me and be like damn I was that I'm "The Understanding" with my peeps, fuck foes Got a house in the back with a Benz and dough Get cha mind right nigga 'fore you mention me Your click ain't too thorough to mention we Don't matter who we collab' with, nigga it's a classic Dogg Pound linked with the Roc could cause traffic Who want rump, get it crunk with me I'm Bleek, you a got a gun wanna dump with me? You catch Bleek in B.K. (or) down in L.A. With my W and E up nigga, who want play? [Kurupt *sung*] Psycho, like no, bitch-ass nigga so When you see the R-O-to-the-C sneak creep low [Jay-Z] I will not, lose The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue, Jay-Z & Ja Rule Album: The Professional Song: Gangsta Shit Typed by: Dj_Panset@Hotmail.com Uhh And you don't stop Rockafella y'all  Clueminati Who got the Gangsta Gangsta Shit? We got the Gangsta Gangsta Shit (Repeat 2x) Understand why y'all nigga is mad at me Sitting around like damn, that could be me All the cars and bitches livin' lavishly But there's only one problem you ain't as bad as me Who could flip a record company from half a key? And drop a gold album do the math with me Turn and go platinum, that would be Fuck it I lost count Why don't you tell me the amount? Since you gossip like groupies notice please I never go broke my name got 2 G's J-I-2-G-A I flip that on the platinum and be on the next day I be right there when your mics blow out I was there when your lights when on and when you lights go out I right there with the same ice to light up your house Just bright enough to see the gun 'fo I wipe you out I'm the stuff Niggas write about Jigga's A legend J-Hova end of the session Fuck with me now Who got the Gangsta Gangsta Shit? We got the Gangsta Gangsta Shit (Repeat 4x) We live from the 7-1-8 Got my chick in D & V At this very second runnin' your plate 2 knocks on your door, One gun in your face 2 Blocks of C-4, I put one in your safe Place the safe in the bath tub I got one plire You better hope this money don't catch fire You so soft no mask no rope one clip and I Let this nigga run around untie I swear to god, you know the type that talk wild but nigga's white cloud, soft as a baby's bottom  You know Jay Z's spot him I haven't heard him in a while  And you know how come? His little faggot in the corner dialing 911 Snatched the phone get a grip thug you supposed to be tough What you telling the cop huh? I'm taking your money and drugs In the underworld we take care of beef ourself And another thing yo we police ourself Either you follow the codes or you sell cocaine This life will swallow your self so get outta game Go to church every Sunday and prey hard Drug dealer (haha) don't quit your day job Who got the Gangsta Gangsta Shit? We got the Gangsta Gangsta Shit (Repeat 4x) Nigga who else Pop guns and rap jewels Mean while  Burning in hell child We the center of attention Show me love for my nigga blazing My niggas is made men Gangsters shit get coke and sugar boes Got hoes for every home And never fuck they own Even though the Fed's got a sweating grip in the chrome Commuter case is closed they tapping' the telephone Dialing' a 213 zone now Got ?? slap a bitch up and send her down Felling me, I wanna put this hustle behind me But every time I look away he's hitting me blindly I'm looking for the light baby  And here it is As soon as the nigga smiling  Darker the night gets That's why we Gangster and you players Take 2 to the heart Inc. World most murderous Who got the Gangsta Gangsta Shit? We got the Gangsta Gangsta Shit (Repeat 4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue f/ Jay-Z Album: The Professional 2 Song: Jay-Z Freestyle Typed by: LegondarySensay@webtv.net Old school, new school need to know this I burn like Left Eye Lisa Lopez Burn slow like blunts of hydro Jigga Man, BK shit, y'all know Jigga Man, ya heard? the fugitive.. allow me to spit on this Clue shit, allow me to thank the people for all of their support, and your prayers and all the people that prejudge me, fuck you, suck my dick.. [Verse 1] D.A. act like a nigga starvin' for Jay if they lock me in a cage, fuck it, party away I'm still hot, I'm still S dot ya'll still got Millions buried in the sock drawer still holdin' my own on the corner nigga what can't kill me can only make me stronger nigga and when I get back home  get your ass up out the throne it's just goin' back to the way shit was I'ma stay hot no matter what my shit does I could drop a straight dud, I'ma stay up niggas tryin' to break my will you know that ain't my steel I'm Destiny's Child, my fate's been sealed You're dealin' with a higher power I'm like Dwight Eisenhower My life can move a thousand miles and hour reflect me folks As my world turns like the wheels on a bicycle spoke It's much deeper than a soap, it's a constant drama series All they see is money, they want me to blind the jury All this bullshit can make the mind weary But my theory is the sun shines clearly (The Sun will shine clearly!) [Verse 2] Now everybody wanna rhyme like Hov'  'cause I rhyme like I be rhymin' in the Rov' climbin' in them hoes my minds like the diamonds, I'll blind you at them shows I don't shine, I glow I remind you of that dough don't I? murder niggas won't I? my persona, hustler turned rapper, smell the crack aroma send shots like toma! in any language leave niggas in a coma when I'm bangin' that Fifth get chicks lit off Coronas and bamboo spliffs and get the camcorder to camcord their hand movements and for what? ya'll actin' like ya'll better than Hov' ya'll niggas should open up for the Letterman show (*singin*)  niggas is funny,  all I do is get money and ya'll niggas sound funny to me everybody's rappin' like they better than Hov'  but thats shit's real funny to me (*rappin*)  I'm at the forefront of this rap shit, truth is truth look around at all the platinum, proof is proof listen to how niggas is rappin', thats do to who? but I'ma let niggas live 'cause it's beautiful Live niggas... Jigga Man ya heard? Clue...Duro... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Amil, Da Brat, Eve, Jay-Z Album: DJ Clue Presents: Backstage - Mixtape Song: Road Dawgs Typed by: Backpacker2415@hotmail.com DJ Clue (Jay-Z) New Shit (Uh, huh, check it out now) Road Dawgs Amil, Eve, Da Brat (Amillion, E-V-E) Jay-Z (First Lady) (Check it out, uh yo) (Don't watch me nigga watch my bitches) Ha ha (Uh, huh) (Uh huh, uh huh) (Yeah, yeah, Roc-A-Fella that's the clique) (Nigga don't watch me better watch my bitches) [Eve] I stay sick wit Each ??? flow like liquid shit Harder than the dick get Nigga flew his whole clan just to get wit One touch nigga fiend for the clit lick Don't leave'em nothing but a quick fix Me and money makers be the first pick and Do the dirt quick and Sexy thug keep get me warm make my toes twitch Only fuck wit the raw you should know this Ruff Ryde, but you scared of the stallion Scheme for cream, me and Amillion Carry rockets in my pockets, better step back Put holes in ya back you can bet that, hustle for the dollar Eve, like to cut you, make you holler Play cuts for bucks and watch'em pile up You want more? See me in the drop top it's on Peach color pony head course Player instinct, learned from my dogs Save ya money baby I'ma take you to the mall And I buy you something small Maybe something negligen Cartier, came fast in small things What I need to survive is a peace of the pie, feel me E-V-E, capitalize Taking the shit, making it mine Big niggas in the game that'll let us find Put me up against anybody I shine Taking my time for this line for line Mad chart thugs wit yours crime for crime Real bitches keeping it raw, about time Chorus: 2xs [Jay-Z] (Amil) Where my hoes in this house who Hold they niggas down who Roll hard, y'all my road dawgs (Hey) Where my ladies in this place who Hold they niggas space when He locked up, throw ya baby glocks up (Owh) [Amil] Crush shit Before I even touch shit Wit the princess cuts and shit My niggas, Roc-a-Love for me Haters, make you think you can fuck wit me This rap shit is like drugs to me Nigga, need a fix leave it up to me All Money Is Legal Roca y'all know how we do First class, all stretch out Or, S-Class all sexed out Got the cash, let's be out Bitch gone only do joints wit the best out Most niggas can't handle me So I strictly fuck wit family Sports to death, ask Jigga Don't I only deal wit a high class nigga? It's a turn off if my cash bigger Don't blame me, blame my last nigga Mother fucker kept me laced from the feet up Started off wit a pair of V studs I be wifey no pre-nups Still ended up wit the SE what Windows down, seats back Can't catch me wit a sweet track Co-writers don't need that 99 and I still ain't meet my match Feel me huh? New Your and Philly huh? the only ones that had a chance Was the ones wit the cash advance Chorus: [Da Brat] I tell 'em like this Ain't to many mother fuckers bad as me Bust at a nigga wit a rhyme or a nine wit a tragedy When it cause catastrophes, will actually cause you to bleed Fuck up anything you breathe, pass the weed If a nigga proceed to step outta line I'm a gradually Fill his anatomy wit bullet holes in his behind I happen to be the type of bitch Get a grudge I don't budge and shit And look at what I did in life as a kid Wit thugs and pents Now I got the knowledge of a college mother fucker Wit a scholarship At any degree my temperature get, boiling hot to freezing When I release you can see the reason, I'm so cold Niggas continuously rolling me beats to choke on Try-na get a smoke on High, cause I have to get it When you can never seeing me coming the Devils Advocate Material hoe, keeping niggas dropping they draws And fiending for more Surrounded wit, diamonds around the wrist Cruise the town in my six, bruising them every time I hit And I ain't try-na quit If I do, you can never find another to fill my shoes I prove you can't duplicate this Attempt to and lose This little nigga been rocking the basement since I was about two Pick up the pace quick, why worry about a replacement? When I stepped in came wit my feet in the pavement Leave niggas in amazement And guess what the ingravement say? Capital B-R-A-T was here and got paid all year In a major way, fuck what the haters, fuck the tabloids I spit on niggas, who try to steal my joy Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Envy f/ Jay-Z Album: Blok Party Vol. 1 Song: H.O.V.A. Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] + (DJ Envy) Yo uh, dim the motherfuckin lights and the studio shades! (Yeah) Skane Dollar (The People's Choice) Let's get this one (DJ Envy!) Yeh (Envy) yeah.. yeah! The Roc's in the building - oh yeah (New Jay-Z!) It's Young, c'mon! That shit sound like some superhero music right there (okay) Sound like my theme muh'fucking song right there (Desert Storm Mixtape, Volume 1) I like this one I can groove to this one; Skane Dollar where we at? Clue! Desert Storm, yeah, let's get it (whaaaaaaaaaaaat?) [Jay-Z] Watch on arm, rims on tire Hov' in the studio, the roof's on fire {Yeah!} S. Carter kicks on my feet {Woo!} Roc-A-Wear on my leg, Envy on the beat I made my first mill' off papi on the hill I made in the rap game speakin on the reels (that's real) I'm bling cause I passed the statute of limitation and I'm makin too much money to be goin to jail (hell nah) Who else you know on probation leave the country for a month to go on vacation? (*laughing*) Listeners, get your brain on drugs Listen up, it's the flawless like cocaine dust Her-on hero, do any thing for dinero Like Joe Pesci, Hov' is so deadly In the middle of the ocean, racin on jet skits (*PYOOM!*) Get your mind right or get it on your left sleeve {ENVY!} S.C., Jay-Z, either or Young Hova, Big Homie, read 'em off Daddy is home, niggaz are scared {Yup!} Way before I put the key in the door Ain't no other kings in this rap game, you kiddin? Nuttin but my children, one shot, they disappearin .. I'm on a whole 'nother level I don't take your Jacob watch, I just screw off the bezel [Jay-Z] + (DJ Envy) Young.. Young's in the building! Desert Storm! It's the Roc! (DJ Envy) This is what we do about this time of year (Blok Party.. Desert Storm mixtape) Yeah (Volume 1) Sho' nuff! Gangsta.. (c'moN!) [Jay-Z] Rapper/slash, murderer/slash Punk muh'fuckers I will murder your ass Gangster somebody soon to be dad "Blueprint 2" homie, junior is mad Mad cause his new son sound a little better Knock a little harder, show the growth in his father Similar in robberies, damn you gotta love it All that spells in the air in better music for the public [Jay-Z] + (DJ Envy) Gotta love it (You gotta love it) Young! Desert Storm - it's the Roc! It's what we do, beotch! (Fat shout, whole Roc-A-Fella, Dame Dash) I'm just fuckin with 'em (Big Topper, Jay-Z) Skane-o! It's five in the mornin, let's get out of here Let's burn.. (Desert Storm, Epic! Switch it up!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Jay-Z, Kanye West, T-Pain Album: Go Hard 12" Song: Go Hard (Remix) Typed by: BurnsideBadboy1985@yahoo.com [Jay-Z] I'm a bad M-a-r-c-y P-r-o-j-e-c-t Ain't no other motherfucker in the rap game harder than me I go hard and get it in like a porn star Follow my moves you wanna make it to the top I'm on star For new born stars Even when the camera stop I'ma hundred million dollar movie handle my cock Big homie from the back block When you first learn how to slap box Then you even learn how to dribble the pill Or to hand the pot, bring it back rock Number one rule if your ass get popped Don't try to box to the Matlock Death before dishonor I'ma honor the code they created Number 2 Rule and it might sound rude but yep... fuck you pay me I drown my pain in porsches I lost my partner to the bullshit Still tryna hold on to my religion so I put a couple diamonds in the crosses Close your eyes see the darkness That's what it's like where I'm from No lawyers no doctors So either I go the hardest Or I could just call this a night on dark nights its like I see better on Dark Knights I'm like Heath Ledger Even if I overdose on drugs Motherfuckers can't kill my buzz Wait I ain't done I'ma freestyle this Khaled let it run What's the hardest county in the Yayo Cause ima go harder then they go I'ma go harder than Baltimore Philly gone say they can't touch the boy Where you at Duval? I'ma go harder than you all Harder than New York Turn the pro tunes in the booth off I'ma go harder than Ye go And Ye go hard That's baby bro Put some more beat on that joint  If you could you would get rid of me  What you gonna do when a nigga got to go hard  But I wont let you get to me  You should already figure imma go hard  If you were as real as me  You would never let another nigga step in yo yard Makin money ain't shit to me  This in my veins and it gets to my heart  So I am, I will , I gots to go  You got another way to live you gots to go on  I am gettin it in until the end I got to go, go, go , go hard [Kayne] I ain't ever been scurred  Never been a type to bite my words  When I came up ya'll gave me shit  Now I'm gunna make ya'll eat them terds  Always said what the fuck I felt  Gon head spit that murder I wrote  Man I dont care what what you felt fuck you nigga I know I'm dope  Dope like I'm comin to get my all  Felt like I had to play the fly on the wall  Felt like niggas was stuntin on me  Funny how I'm flyer then them all  Now I'm at the top ain't know where to go now  Instead of me she gon go down  Maybe I would of slowed down if I knew what I know now  I'm stupid, yeah I know I'm dumb It could get fuckin old but its good I'm young  But my heart get cold as the hood I'm from  Tell me what it take to be numba one  I guess its gon be what its gon be  But heres one thing ya'll got to hear  Imma tell you like george bush told me  Fuck ya'll niggas I'm out of here  If you could you would get rid of me  What you gonna do when a nigga got to go hard  But I wont let you get to me  You should already figure imma go hard  If you were as real as me  You would never let another nigga step in yo yard  Makin money ain't shit to me  This in my veins and it gets to my heart  So I am, I will , I gots to go  You got another way to live you gots to go on  I am gettin it in until the end I got to go, go, go, go hard The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Jay-Z, The L.O.X. Album: Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood Song: Blackout Typed by: LoccDout@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (Jay!) Fuck that  (This is it right here baby!) You know what it is [Jadakiss] Yo, I used to have bad luck  Now you might see me in a Jag truck Mad stuck, either with a dime or a bad duck Double-R T with the matchin bandana 38-snub blue steel with no hammer And I see y'all niggaz tryin to glance at the 'Kiss Cause I walk around with your whole advance on my wrist Phonin your women, drunk off Corona's and lemon And you know I'm still writin the mean, lightin the green I need to boogie, even though I look, right in the beam Judge find out it's my team, he boost they bails Niggaz throw us on they album, try to boost they sales We put our pies on the table and our eyes on a label Cause them rednecks up in the mountains'll try to slay you (They call me) Raspy, tell you what I want you to know Fuck what you ask me - you probably don't, want me to blow I got a lot of horsepower so I'm able to skip Usually a good nigga, even though I'm able to flip You pay 30 for the 'Kiss (uh-huh) a 100 for The L.O.X. (yeah) And if we cool, then I write a hook for a drop Whatever's in the bank is my bet, a z-bull's my pet and you can bet he'll get the legs and the neck [Sheik Luciano] Uh-huh, yeah, aiyyo Yo when my gun bust, send niggaz to the fish like Swanson New York's youngest Bumpy Johnson, I put fear in y'all heads Sheik Luc', type of nigga gasoline y'all beds And that's warnin, if you all alive in the mornin, that's fine Now I suggest you hit the block and get what's rightfully mine I want PC - see me? Tuck in your chains I got niggaz my pop's age that lifestyle ain't changed It's like wake up, move a brick, half of it slow Make car money, check with Sheik, go fuck with a hoe I rock a waist length mink, do-rag under my fitted And I don't even want waves, Timbs be halfway new That's Sheik in the dress-up club cause I don't fuck with shoes And for my nigga's life, I swear to the Bible, let it be told I put thirty in your head, all in the same hole Cause we got the same goal, and you try an' tamper with mine? Don't make me motherfuckin leave you with some shit in yo' spine Fuck with me you be a WAS nigga, nigga WAS dope Nigga WAS gettin money 'fore I extorted your coke, 'ju crazy? [Styles] Aiyyo, catch me with a thirty-eight, box and shells In a ninety-eight Lincoln eatin pasta shells Order to go, always got a box of L's Blow, stay on the low, get a Heine' and swig I'm Pinero, so I hate a snake, rat, or a pig I pop shit cause I'm the second best, the first was B.I.G. Y'all niggaz is son-ned out, let me speak to your father Cause I like to play chess and I swing the revolver If I don't like a nigga, I don't even be bothered I spit, I'm just a crooked nigga goin legit You hold your nine if you holdin a brick Common sense, Fed drama, you hit the Bahamas, get bent L.O.X. get respect like Sonny from "Bronx Tale" Us and DMX, the Ruff Ryder cartel Thirsty to live, are y'all niggaz eager to die? I tell all my niggaz ride, you won't leave with a dime Motherfucker [Jay-Z] Yeah, yeah I'm a monster, I sleep whole winters; wake up and spit summers Ghetto nigga, puttin up Will Smith numbers Surrounded by 6's and Hummers, bitches among us  Tryin not to let this bullshit become us  It started from hunger, til it all went insane Now bitches notice the chains now that I hit my number The chickens I twisted see the digits unlisted The beeper done changed; you dead bitch, the Reaper done came I suggest niggaz stop speakin my name Cause trust me, y'all can still feel the heat in the rain I keep creepin, streets keep watchin, I keep poppin  Niggaz is hot heads and the bullets is heat-seekin Jay flow for pesos -- chase hoes NOT I just circle 'round the block in a drop Tell them jump through the top (uh-huh)  where the sun roof used to be I could see y'all not used to me Nigga flows like none other - I'm the meanest toughest Don Dada, the gun butcher You the type that bust a lot of shots and none touch ya I'm the type that get excited, when the gun touch ya Motherfuckers.. Y'all niggaz bout to witness a dynasty like no other [DMX] Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.. I'm headed nowhere fast Run in the place, gat in my waist Niggaz wanted a taste, but wouldn't come to my face So what that mean? You cats is playin games again So now what I do? Start namin names again (WHAT!) All you motherfuckers know, that I speak from the heart (UH!) Play like you don't know, L.O.X. is gon' bark We can take it there, but to make it fair, get some more niggaz Styles, Sheik, Jay, we comin with like four niggaz (AIGHT!) Y'all niggaz, best to stop playin, it'll be the ones you forgotten about that'll get you shot in your mouth (ARF! ARF!) Got my dogs covered (UH!) Plus it's all gravy like chicken when it's smothered (WHAT!) "It's Dark," and I LOVE IT! (UH!) Get him boy - let him loose (C'MON!) You want it with the dog? Get a gun, let him shoot (C'MON!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drake f/ Jay-Z Album: Thank Me Later Song: Light Up Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Drake] Uhh, I've been up for fo' days, gettin money both ways Dirty and clean, I could use a glass of cold Spades Rolexes, chauffeurs and low fades I keep thinkin how young can you die from old age They always tell me "Nobody's workin as hard as you" And even though I laugh it off man it's probably true Cause while all of my closest friends out partyin I'm just here makin all the music that they party to But party on, party on all night nigga I got these new rappers nervous, prom night nigga I grow tired of these fuckin grown man liars Story tellers, they ain't even need a campfire Uhh, but I just wanna tell the truth Before one of these haters load a couple shells and shoot This shit feel like when Fredro Starr was in "Sunset Park" stuntin hard in his yellow goose Yeah, and I'm a muh'fuckin missed target But a target nonetheless and I just started Was that directed at moi? Can't be They must be talkin to themselves Hov', hands-free Yeah, and I'm just fillin up this daily planner Gettin busy cause I'm a +Star+, no +Spangled Banner+ Jealous dudes get to talkin in they music and I just say I wrote it for your girlfriends, Kelsey Grammar Yeah, that's what life becomes when you're doin you Welcome to Hollywood, don't let this town ruin you And if you pillow talkin with the women that are screwin you Just know that she gon' tell another nigga when she through with you Don't get impatient when it takes too long You drink it all, even when it tastes too strong Yeah, I gotta feel alive even if it kills me Promise to always give you me, the real me [Chorus: Drake] Who, would've thought I'd be caught, in this life Let's celebrate, with a toast And get lost, in tonight And make it all light up... Wait until the sun goes down We gon' make this bitch light up... Even when the sun goes down I'ma make it go [Jay-Z] Ay Guru tell, tell homegirl to open that Ace right there... Owwww! Hoes turn they heads like, owwwwls I'm the man of the, hour Triple entrendre, don't even ask me how Con Edison flow I'm connected to a higher power Bright lights'll make your whole city light up A trillion watt light bulb when I'm in the night club I just landed in that G-450 Caught the Mayweather fight cause the satellite was crispy Uh, y'all can miss me with the money talk The smart money's on Hov', fuck what the dummies talk Uh, I don't do too much bloggin I just run the town, I don't do too much joggin Mm, I ain't got a scar yet Cause you fuckin 'round with me and my dawgs is farfetched Drake, here's how they gon' come at you With silly rap feuds tryin to distract you In disguise in the form of a favor The Barzini meeting, watch for the traitors Uh, I done seen it all, done it all That's why none of these dum-dums could done him off The summer's ours, the winter too Top down in the winter, that's what winners do And to these niggaz I'm like, Windows 7 You let 'em tell it they swear, that they invented you And since no good deed go unpunished I'm not as cool with niggaz as I once was I once was, cool as the Fonz was But these bright lights turned me to a monster Sorry momma I promised it wouldn't change me but I would've went insane had I remained the same me Fuck niggaz, bitches too All I got is this money, this'll do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ 50 Cent, Ca$his, Dr. Dre, Jay-Z, Stat Quo Album: Syllables 12" Song: Syllables Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] It is not about lyrics anymore! It's about a hot beat, and a catchy hook! [Eminem] If we gotta dumb down our style and, A-B-C it then so be it, cause nowadays these kids Jeez, don't give a shit 'bout lyrics All they wanna hear is a beat and that's it Long as they can go to the club and get blitzed Pick up some chicks and get some digits And the DJ's playin them hits "Oh this my jam, this my shit! We don't know a word to a verse, all we know is the chorus Cause the chorus repeats the same four words for us" And the song's ginormous, the whole formula's switched cause we don't know anymore what are hits Is it the beat? Is it the rap? Is it a finger snap or the same 8-0-8 clap? And how do we adapt and get TRL votes when 13-year olds control the remotes? And Ashlee's got a brand new nose We gotta put some new em-phas-is on our syl-la-lables [Jay-Z] If the emphasis on a compact disc isn't a beat then I'm gon' feature Em and get rich and let Dre mix the shit and drive off in the Range Rove' Cause e'rywhere I go they love the bling-bling flow The bang-bang, look at the way my chain glow The ring on my fing' cost Jermaine a lot of dough (oh) The fuck am I bustin my brain fo'? It's just the way the game go, and oh it takes two to tango You call this a lame flow? You bought the shit! I guess you to blame too, I just found the angle Hehe, no more reality flows I'm tryin to time my album droppin with a reality show Cock the mac-11 front of Hot 97 And call my publicist, tell her we in press heaven Hehe, no one gives a shit except some kids that just got into sex on the internet So you want the chat room or the house in Malibu? Em, your emphasis is on the wrong syl-la-lable [Dr. Dre] Jay said 30's the new 20, funny Must mean 40's the new 30, interestin Cause ever since then it's been in essence an extension for veteran rappers that are better than half of the shit comin out right now, it's all trash The torch is gonna burn out before it gets passed Jay said it's his last, then 50 and Em Then what? "Detox" drops, what do we got then? So now our whole camps is runnin around, scramblin over what to do, gamblin Every time we put a record out just lookin for that hook [Em] Wait Dre, look~! [Chorus: Eminem - singing] Shorty I love youuuuuuu And you loooove me tooooooo We were meant to be Cause shorty you love meeeeeee And I loooove you tooooooo And I promise I'll be true to you [50 Cent] Go shorty, it's your birthday You made it just in time to hear my wordplay It's the kid that flip flows who used to flip O's I run G for days, you should see how I get hoes I'm international, I get my dick licked 'round the globe I'm sick right into shows when ridin on lo-lo's Puffin on cocoa, my bitch in Manolo's Don't fuck with the dodos, that's slang for dumb hoes Think I'm playin I ain't got time to joke, joke You fuck around you could get yo' ass smoked, loc It's not a game, me B, I ain't playin Be behind me playa, so you here anyway You don't hear what I'm sayin, me finini-nay Fee-fideedee-day, just give me my check then I'll be on my way Sonny bunny money you're funny You ain't even listenin and I just took your money [Stat Quo] There once was a time everywhere he turned Shady/Aftermath was all you heard But they said 50 sang too much and Em got soft And they said Dre just fell the fuck off Well fuck the fuck-offs, all y'all eat salt Be mad, we back fresh up out of the vault, oh! New syl-la-lables, eat balls you fuck-offs Yo' house, yo' bitch, I'm gettin sucked off East, South, Midwest, even up North Fallin victim to wax spittin, bring out the white chalk All for the gingerbread we get it and get lost Catch me if you can, I'm runnin past while y'all walk [Ca$his] Shady made me for bringin it back For the history of rap, it's gone with a snap A snare, and a clap What happened to just spittin 'bout livin in the muh'fuckin city you at? In the grimiest condition, I breathe in drama King Mathers and Ca$h meet, that's freak karma I'm everything anything you could never be It's a hittin, rhymin a month deep in the beat I speak with a piece, no peace on my mind I repeat every evil deed done to mine No rest, contest, contract is signed By blood I'm in this squad for life Air out my windpipes and, I just chime I'm the reason you guys won't say that line I'm crazy, "Renagade" like Em and Jay-Z I'm Rosemary's baby, I want you to hate me [Outro] It is not about lyrics anymore {*2X*} It's about a hot beat, a hot beat {*2X*} A hot-hot-hot beat, and a catchy hook {*2X*} Nobody gives a damn about them syllables, syl-la-lables Whatever they are I don't care if they gotta rhyme Schmoe, moe, Joe, toe and flow Now get out there and sell some Goddamn records! {*repeat to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fabolous f/ Jay-Z, Uncle Murda Album: From Nothin' to Somethin' Song: Brooklyn Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Funkmaster Flex] Is Brooklyn in here tonight!!!!!!! [Chorus: Sample from Notorious B.I.G. "Live Freetsyle 95"] (Fabolous) BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT (BROOKLYN!!!) BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT BROOK BROOK BROOK WHERE BROOKLYN AT, BROOKLYN AT (BROOKLYN!!!)  WHERE BROOKLYN AT, BROOKLYN (BROOKLYN!!!) WHERE BROOKLYN AT, BROOKLYN AT (BROOKLYN!!!)  WHERE BROOKLYN AT, BROOKLYN (BROOKLYN!!!) BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT (BROOKLYN!!!) BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT BROOK BROOK BROOK BROOK BROOKLYN AT [Verse 1: Fabolous] (BROOKLYN!!!) We right here BIG Your boy sittin on top like a hair wig Bed-Stuy fly or Bushwick sick East New York walk the Brownsville grill ill You see I got a Fort Greene lean Clinton Hills chill Red Hook look, man Ain't no shook hands in Brook-lyn Son your life can be took man (BROOKLYN!!!) Then threw off bridges One hard top two soft bitches Ride through the borough with two fo' fifths Phantom open up like two door fridges I make 'em change the new york digits From 718 to 187, to 212 to 211 Your boy's back with a new one son, HUH!!!! [Chorus: Sample from Notorious B.I.G. "Live Freetsyle 95"] (Fabolous) (*Jay-Z) BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT(*Uh Huh!!! Young!!!) BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT BROOK BROOK BROOK (*Come On!!!) WHERE BROOKLYN AT, BROOKLYN AT (BROOKLYN!!!) (*New York New York!!!) WHERE BROOKLYN AT, BROOKLYN (BROOKLYN!!!) (*New York New York!!!) WHERE BROOKLYN AT, BROOKLYN AT (BROOKLYN!!!) (*New York New York!!!) WHERE BROOKLYN AT, BROOKLYN (BROOKLYN!!!) (*Uh Huh) BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT (BROOKLYN!!!) (I See You Brooklyn!!! What It Look Like?!) BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT BROOK BROOK BROOK BROOK BROOKLYN AT [Verse 2: Jay-Z] I'm right here Fab, wavin the flag I'm from Nostrand Ave I came to take the game in my Daddy Kane chain Niggas gave it up smooth they didn't want to hear the BANG, BANG  I'm back on my bully shit The Flatbush Bushwick black hoodie shit Half a billion bank roll Bank stop anybody what's your bank hold? Big B's on the wheel spread love the Brooklyn way B how's it feel? I'm on my Robin Thicke shit Shit ever get thick I'm back to robbin niggas quick Trick, clip, ante up, all you niggas Britney pull your panties up Whole borough is with me hold your cannons up Buck one for Bucktown Brooklyn what the fuck?!! Ha Ha!!! [Chorus: Sample from Notorious B.I.G. "Live Freetsyle 95"] (Fabolous) (*Jay-Z) (**Uncle Murda) BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT  BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT BROOK BROOK BROOK (*Come On!!!) WHERE BROOKLYN AT, BROOKLYN AT (BROOKLYN!!!)  WHERE BROOKLYN AT, BROOKLYN (BROOKLYN!!!) (**East New York!!!) WHERE BROOKLYN AT, BROOKLYN AT (BROOKLYN!!!) (**Brooklyn!!!) WHERE BROOKLYN AT, BROOKLYN (BROOKLYN!!!) BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT (BROOKLYN!!!) (**King Of All Boroughs we so thorough!!!) BROOKLYN AT BROOKLYN AT BROOK BROOK BROOK BROOK BROOKLYN AT [Verse 3: Uncle Murda] I'm right here Hov! East New York Uncle Murda feelin good I hooked up with Jigga got my grandma out the hood Marcy is back now look at niggas Now they can't say Jay ain't sign a Brooklyn nigga Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? Shootin somebody up for gettin off the packs Or goin to the club lookin for somethin to dap Or runnin up in the crib like where the safe at? East New York will shoot you they dap your homey Brownsville will rob ya they clap your homey Bed-Stuy will get you killed for a hundred grams Get a Coney Island nigga to pull the trigga man (C.I. Whattup?!!!) Ask Flex he used to run the Tunnel Brooklyn had dudes scared to rep they borough Uncle murda I'm a rep to the fullest Like Shyne in the club I throw BULLETS BULLETS!!! [Outro: Fabolous] Ha son!!! It's a like it or not thing, nah mean? This one is for Brooklyn, I'm in my Bed-Stuy fly you know Bushwick sick, I walk that East New York walk, Brownsville grill Got my Fort Greene lean, Ha Ha, Clinton Hills chill, Red Hook look That Flatbush push, nah mean Cypress Hill feel Crown Heights tight with it, The Williamsburg swerve Coney Island stylin on 'em, Canarsie flossin Park Slope dope you know, ya dig The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fabolous f/ Jay-Z Album: Loso's Way Song: When the Money Goes (Remix) Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Chorus - Jay-Z] When the money goes, will the honeys stay? When the gray skies replace the sunny days (Hey), hey, (hey), hey, (hey), hey, (hey), uh When the money goes, will the honeys stay? When the gray skies replace the sunny days (Hey), hey, (hey), hey, (hey), hey, (hey), uh [Verse 1 - Fabolous] It was all good, just +A Week Ago+ Shoe box full, no sneakers though Just moved in, it's been a week or so Brand new coupe, so that she could go White Bent' (white Bent'), light tint (light tint) Ridin like "what the fuck is an indictment?" Spend ten thou' for excitement That's how the day goes, that's how the nights went Louis bags, Balenciagas The ones talked about by the fashion bloggers You know me, I'm a Murcilago In the same lime green as the Air Max joggers But if it wasn't here, will she wanna go? You don't wanna ask but you wanna know Will my baby weather the storm? Stick around 'til the weather is warm, hey [Verse 2 - Fabolous] She likes shopping but never trendy A little Gucci, maybe Fendi Island hoppin, the west Indies Diddy said that +It's All About The Benjies+ Ki Tao (Ki Tao), Phillipe Chow (Phillipe Chow) Reservations, we could sleep now Ask how much, I don't allow such (naw) Pull a Air Max out ya reptile clutch But who knew that the sky  get cloudy? I bought a Ford Range, didn't think she'd be outtie/Audi Huh, the game's over, seized my Range Rover Feds said somebody gave my name over Now I'm inside, she's outside What should you do? How about ride Guess nothin last forever I thought we could watch these clouds pass together - but hey [Verse 3 - Fabolous] You can't ride big, on little rims You wanna do it B.I.G., you need a Lil' Kim Raise her hand high, look in the man eye I don't know 'em your honor, can't lie Money comes (money comes), money goes (money goes) So you need to blow it like a runny nose On a lady who ain't turn 180 Place no one above ya, +Sweet Sadie+ Sun stop shinin, she never got shady She could of watched 'em box you in like a Brady But she stood up, like "what up?" It's a cold world, zip the coat, put the hood up That's some sick shit, that's a ill bitch When you dead broke, she make you feel rich See mama, you're my Rihanna Pull a +Umbrella+ when you see drama, hey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fall Out Boy f/ Jay-Z Album: Infinity on High Song: Thriller Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {sound of people talking in background and music starts} [Intro: Jay-Z] Yeah, what you critics said would never happen We dedicate this album to anybody people said, couldn't make it.. To the fans that held us down 'til e'rybody came around... (*echoes*) Welcome, it's here! Laaaaaaaaaaast summer we took threes  across the boarrrrrrrrrd But by faaaaaaaaaall, we were a cover story  "Now in storrrrrrres" Make us poster boys for your scene  But we, are, not making an acceptance speech  I found the safest place to keep all our old mistakes  Every dot, com's refreshing for a journal updaaate  [Chorus 2X] So long live the car crash hearts  Cry on the couch, all the poets come to liiiife  Fix me in forty-fiiiiiive I can taaaaaaaaaaaake your problems away  with a nod and a waaaaaaaaaave of, my, haaaaaaaaand 'cause that's just the kind of boy  that, I ammmmmm-aya-heh-eh-aaaam  The on-LY thing I haven't done yet is die And it's me, and, my plus one at the afterlife  Crowds are won and lost and won again But our hearts beat for the die-HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARDS [Chorus 2X] Long live the car crash heaaaaaaarts (Long live the car crash heaaaaaarts) Long live the car crash heaaaaaaarts (Long live the car crash heaaaaaarts) [Jay-Z] Hehe, WOO!! YOUNG! F-O-B!! Let's go.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Fort Minor f/) Jay-Z Album: The Rising Tied Song: Introduction - Skip Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Jay-Z] The record that you made that's underground hip-hop wi...with, with big sound what, with big, with big sound that protects it over, cause the sound is so big (it's an underground), that's an underground hip-hop record the richness of the music and everything I know it's gonna be some'n serious The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Foxy Brown f/ Jay-Z Album: Chyna Doll Song: Bonnie & Clyde Part II Typed by: ryan@cybercities.com, janis@betatesters.com [Intro] Bust your guns, uh, uh, yeah Bonnie and Clyde shit You hear me? Smell me? (That's right, you know?) I'mma take this one straight to the top And he dare get in the way, we smash, scrape scrape It's real like that, you know what I mean? Follow, yo, yo, yo (Bonnie and Clyde forever y'all) [Jay-Z] Gun check [Fox] Check [Jay-Z] Let's go over the plan [Fox] I'mma pull up to the joint slow, then hop out the van [Jay-Z]	Nah don't hop out, slide out lookin' like a knockout 	Show a little thigh, make this nigga's eyes pop out 	Sieze him with the cleavage 	I want you to make this nigga believe he 'bout eat it [Fox]	I can let him see or feel [Jay-Z]	Exactly [Fox]	Two gun totin', I seen dimes stole [Jay-Z]	Ain't nothin' gonna stop me and hon from rollin' [Fox]	Yeah, we done promotin' [Jay-Z]	We come for the coke and [Fox]	All the money in the spot [Jay-Z]	Act funny, get shot [Fox]	Nigga, hands high [Jay-Z]	And I hope none of y'all niggas got plans to die [Fox]	We can't stand goodbyes [Jay-Z]	In history me and this bitch will be like  	Five years together, right? [Fox]	Damn, seem like forever [Jay-Z]	We trade shots [Fox]	We spray blocks [Jay-Z]	And we never fail [Fox]	Yeah, but we stay hot 1 - 	[J] Now would you die for your nigga? 	[F] Yeah I'd die for my nigga 	[J] Would you ride for your nigga? 	[F] I gets lie for my nigga 	[J] Would you live for your nigga? 	[F] Do up big for you nigga 	[J] Would you bid for your nigga? 	[F] Shit, you my nigga 	[F] Would you ride for me? 	[J] Rapper robbery 	[F] Would you die for me? 	[J] I hang high from a tree 	[F] They ain't ready for us, nigga 	[J] Obviously 	[F] Sound like Bonnie and Clyde to me [Foxy] I protect you like a vest do I'm the lady with a 380 special right next to you  Glock poppin' out the stock And it's two guns, two hun', get down I tear this whole shit down They ain't know the vault, pull bank jobs I banged ya squaw when I aims this rod Y'all niggas can't do a thing to this broad My bullets hurt the same as y'alls I've been taught by the best, extorted the rest Wearin' a niggas shit, crossin' my chest Life on the line, say prayers under my breath But knew I'd be 'aight cuz right there to my left (Right) [Jay-Z] Over baby, told you baby Big gun right over your left shoulder baby Same nigga that taught you how to hold that 80  From day one 'til we old and crazy Let's kill the world Repeat 1 [Jay-Z] Ran up at Chemical The bank robbers in our routine is like St. Bernards swimmin' Everybody hit the floor, guys and women Kids rush for the door Keep your cry to a limit Time check ma, we got about 5 minutes Before the authorities rush and the FBI's in it That teller's up to something, look, his eyes are squinted [Fox]	Don't let that button be the reason why you're finished [Jay-Z]	Yeah, the sky's the limit 'til we reach B.I.G [Fox]	Meet Jesus, confess to him all the shit we did [Jay-Z]	Gotta reverse the six, let's murd' head jerk 	Almost got whiplash  [Fox]	We got a shitload of cash 	Throws it in the stash 	Long as we keep shitin' like this 	Shit, ain't nothin' fuckin' with this 	You my Clyde for life 	I'm your Bonnie like this 	I can see us gettin' rich like this nigga Repeat 1  Ad lib until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Foxy Brown f/ Jay-Z	 Album: Ill Na Na	 Song: I'll Be Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] That's right, papa, that's right How we do, yeah, Ill Na Na Uh huh, uh, come on... [Foxy] What up pop, brace yourself as I ride on top Close your eyes as you ride, right out your socks Double, lose his mind as he grind in the tunnel Wanna gimme the cash he made off his last bundle Nasty-girl don't pass me the world I push to be not the backseat girl Don't deep throat the C-note she float Murder she wrote, and keeps the heat close Firm nigga, we 'posed to be the illest on three coasts Familia, bigga than Icos Y'all, Danny DeVitoes, small niggaz All I see is the penny heaters, that's all niggaz No shark in this year raise it bigga Fifteen percent make the whole world sit up and take notice, Na Na take over Y'all take quotas, to hit papa [Chorus: Jay-Z] Straight out the gate y'all, we drop hits Now tell me, how nasty can you get All the way from the hood to your neck of the woods It's ripped, one thing for sure -- I'll be good (repeat 2X) FOXY: I'm 2 Live, Nasty As I Wanna Be JAY-Z: Don't shake your sassy ass in front of me   'fore I take you there and tear your back out FOXY: That shit ain't happened since The Mack was out [Foxy] Uhh, rollin for Lana, dripped in Gabbana Nineties style, you find a style Right away it's the fit, wanna taste the shit Put me on a bass, and throw your face in it, fucker Na Na, y'all can't touch her My sex drive all night like a trucker let alone the skills I posess And y'all gon' see by these mil's I posess		 Never settle for less, I'm in excess Not inexpensive DVS To the two, that's just the way I'm built Nasty -- what, classy, still [Jay-Z] Well you can hoe what I got, roll with the rock The fella Capo in the candy apple drop Will tears fall to your ears if I don't stop Can ya throw it like a quarterback, third in the lot? [Foxy] Dig me, I get you locked like Biggie, wit Irv in the spot Word middie, the cop 'n biddie Uhh, I'm the bomdigi, punana Sexy brown thing, uh, Madon' y'all Make em turn over from the full-court pressure to undress ya and shit all over your asses I ain't playin knockin out at the weigh-in I'm sayin, what's the sense in delayin I'm tryin to run G from the P to the A.M. I saw your little thing now I'm swayin, OK'in (ahh, shit... uh, uh) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Freeway f/ Jay-Z Album: Free at Last Song: Big Spender Typed by: bomberfromdabean@aim.com * * first single; send corrections to the typist Rocafella millionaires bitch, early, that's right, haha {Hey Big Sp-, Hey Big, Hey, Hey Big Spender} [First verse] (Freeway) 30 mill in the bank, 30 grand on the wrist-and 20 mill in the Swiss-and, 30 birds in a tank Diamonds all in the face, blind ya face when it glisten Ace of Spade not that Crissy, man you know what we drink Got my automa-k, in my new Gucci slippers I bring my loafers from Louies, what the fuck did you think? When I step in the place, bitches running up to me...yelling {Hey big spender!} (Jay-Z) Chea, Chea, Chea, Chea I turn a nick to a dime, dime to some millions A brick to the Roc, the Roc into some buildings When ya nigga feeling I might see about a billion 'Fore I leave the building, now that's what I call a billing Uh, balling, you still crawling, children, call him When ya start walking I be wheeling, flooring Something foreign, no ceiling, chilling...hey, hey, hey...hahaha {Hey big spender!} (Jay-Z) {Hey big spender!} That's what them hoes say {Hey!} Ho pouring rose-ay {Hey!} Rose gold, royal oak, automart, okay (Chea) Hey (Chea) Hey (Chea) Hey (Chea) Hey (Chea) Hey (Chea) Hey Ch-Ch-Ch-Ch-Ch-Chea (Freeway) That's what them hoes say Free pouring rose-ay Rocafella millionaires, we stack that paper everyday, yeeeah (Hey) Yeah (Hey) Yeah (Hey) Yeah (Hey) Yeah (Hey) Hey {Hey big spender!} Ch-Ch-Ch-Ch-Ch-Chea [Verse 2] (Jay-Z) I'm a jet fuel abuser, now 7-4 to the 5 Hova's dough is on autopilot, I don't even drive In the bop with my shoes up, I just took back the Phantom Too many fuckers could fathom, what it felt like to have em I just copped me an all-things, a professional ball team Tell me I ain't the illest hustler ya'll seen When you don't buy out the bar, you buy the bar, that's what ya call {Hey big spender!} Ha,ha,ha,haaa (Freeway) I got some dough on the block, got some dough getting wrists I got a villa in Tahiti and I don't owe no rent I got that paper for real-a, and these niggas finally thinking Eat my cake up in the safe and take a slice of the dilla Three hundred grands of damn willa, why ya'll niggas debating I'm copping, ya'll niggas hating cuz I'm making that scrilla They know me F-Baby gorrilla, when I step in the building, they saying {Hey big spender!} [Verse 3] (F) = Freeway (J) = Jay-Z (F) Although I'm good with addition, the flow so scientific (J) Gold plate like Cris, so I reverse the system (F) Came from poverty striken (J) to the top of the Forbes (F) Now the property's listed (J) in high society district (J) '76 is the floor (F) '94 with the raw (J) '96 with the flow (F) 2008 with the spitting (F) Now drop a grip up in the mall, two hundred grand at the district, we living, bitches The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Freeway f/ Beanie Sigel, Jay-Z Album: Philadelphia Freeway Song: What We Do Typed by: deephunk@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Freeway] Man if I get rocked, this shit for my kids nigga It's that real shit... (female singer, repeated throughout the verses) *Even though what we do is wrong...* We still hustle 'til the sun come up Crack a 40 when the sun go down It's a cold winter Y'all niggaz better bundle up And I bet it be a hotter summer, grab a onion Yes the ROC gets down, you hot now, listen up Don't you know cops' whole purpose is to lock us down? And throw away the key But without this drug shit your kids ain't got no way to eat, huh? We still try to keep Mom...smilin'... Cuz when the teeth stop showin' and the stomach start growlin' Then the heat start flowin' If you from the hood I know you feel me (Jay-Z: Keep goin'...) If a sneak start leanin' and the heat stop workin' Then my heat start workin' I'm-a rob me a person Catch a nigga sleepin' while he out in the open...and I'm-a get him (Jay-Z: Keep flowin'...) We gotta raise our kids while we livin' Make a million off-a record bail my niggaz outta prison Fuck a Bentley or a Lexus just my boys in the squadder Nigga talk reckless then I hit 'em with the Smif 'n... But I'm never snitchin' I'm a rider If my kids hungry snatch the dishes out ya kitchen I'll be wylin' til they pick me outta line-up... We keep the nines tucked, chopped dimes up, rap about it Wyle out, fuck niggaz up, laugh about it I'm not tryin' to visit the morgue but Freeway move out 'til I sit with the Lord 'Til I...get my shit together, clean up my sins Freeway got it in like 10 in the mornin' And I can get it to ya like 10 while you yawnin' mang... Still deliver the order mang! And I ain't talkin' bout chicken and gravy mang! I'm talkin' bout bricks 'o ye-yo, halves and quarters 4 and a halves of hash you do the math Swing past us scoop up your daughter She wanna roll wit' a thug that rap, you do the math He won't blast 'til my stacks in order mang! [Jay-Z] ...MANG! Lemme get 'em Free Hove never slackin' mang, zippin' in the black Range Faster than the red ghost, gettin' ghost wit' Pac-Mang One-time know a got a knack to get that change Leader of the black gang, R-O-C mang Bang like T-Mac, ski mask air it out Gotta kill witnesses 'cause Free's beard's stickin' out Y'all don't want no witness shit, we squeeze hammers mang Bullets breeze by you, like Lousiana mang... But I gotta feed Tianna mang... So I move keys you can call me the Piano Man Rain...sleet, hail...snow man Slang dough, E, hydro man... [Beanie Sigel] ...no, B. Sige in the third lane Gramps still prayin' workin on my nerves man... Like, "Son you gotta get your soul clean... Before they blow them horns like Coltrane..." But still I cry tears of a hustler Wipe tears from my mother, pull out beers for her brothers... That's above us, make beds for the babies Tuck kids under covers, buy cribs for their mothers Shit I'll probably be wylin' with their fathers Tell Ms. Robert, tell Enijah that I'm ridin' for her father That's like my brother, like same mother different father Any problems dog know I got 'em And still we grind from the bottom Just to make it to the bottom sold crack in the alleyways Still gave back Marcy a Dollar Day Real gangstas make hood holidays They ain't thank us but we still paid homage mang Soul Food Sunday lookin' like Big Momma's mang Tell the gang I never break my promise mang...mang...unnh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Freeway f/ Mariah Carey, Jay-Z Album: Philadelphia Freeway / Charmbracelet (Mariah Carey) Song: You Got Me Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com Y-y-you (Ooooh) y-y-you Ahh, ooh oh oh oh oh (Ummm) You know you got me, yeah You know you got me uh-huh-huh-huh You know you got me, yeah You know you got me [Freeway] Uh it's Mariah and Free Just Blaze beats, yeah It's the Roc and Mariah and the women go (Oh) And I love it when the ladies sing (Uh uh uh uh) And they love it when the whistles blow over the ring Slide upon ya strip and go (Uh uh uh uh) Just to pick up ya sister bro You like to pick and choose who she dates While I state who I like to stick and move Silly fool, she know that I got her I'll run up on the strip and go (Uh uh uh uh) For Mariah play a brother role I'll play a different role Let her roll in the wheel, long days nowhere to go And no other slimie will do She just like honey so she got me like Winnie the Pooh Long nights let her chill with the crew Only backwards will do and she know how to roll They say out with the old and in with the new But she's my dreamlover so I can't let go, hey no Please believe me, I've never been a liar Touch fire Mariah and Free-weezy [Mariah Carey] I get shy around you Don't know what to say I don't know what to do Cause you do something to me That I can't describe baby Always catch myself thinkin' 'bout The things you do There ain't no one else I got my heart set on you You really got me, baby it's true You know you got me (So in love) You know you got me (Daydreamin' about us) You know you got me (Starry eyed and elated) You know you got me (Whenever you want me baby) You know you got me (Hypnotized) You know you got me (With you on my mind) You know you got me (Feeling intoxicated) You know you got me (Whenever you want me baby) [Mariah Carey] Boy I'm entangled up in you These feelings I just can't elude Cause you're so captivating That I inadvertantly Always catch myself thinkin' 'bout The things you do There ain't no one else I got my heart set on you You really got me, baby it's true You know you got me (So in love) You know you got me (Daydreamin' about us) You know you got me (Starry eyed and elated) You know you got me (Whenever you want me baby) You know you got me (Hypnotized) You know you got me (With you on my mind) You know you got me (Feeling intoxicated) You know you got me (Whenever you want me baby) [Jay-Z] Mami got me buyin' property Speedin' too fast, high velocity Coppin' bracelets, baby rock piece Vacation San Tropez and Capri And usually I be on my shit Harlem Shakin' these groupies off me quick But this time it's diff Think the love gon' stick Like Velcro, let go, hell no Ma, you know you got me [Mariah Carey] Said I'm insecure when I'm around you Don't know what to say or to do Catching feelings boy, in spite of myself I can't think of nobody else sugar You're the star of all my dreams I just wanna be your everything Boy you know you really got me Baby yeah [Chorus x2] You know you got me (So in love) You know you got me (Daydreamin' about us) You know you got me (Starry eyed and elated) You know you got me (Whenever you want me baby) You know you got me (Hypnotized) You know you got me (With you on my mind) You know you got me (Feeling intoxicated) You know you got me (Whenever you want me baby) [Mariah Carey] Said I'm insecure when I'm around you Don't know what to say or do Catching feelings boy, in spite of myself I can't think of nobody else sugar You're the star of all my dreams I just wanna be your everything Boy you know you really got me Baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Jay-Z Album: The Mix Tape Volume II: Sixty Minutes of Funk Song: Jay-Z Freestyle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah y'all this Jay-Z, coolin out with the Funk Flex 60 Minutes of Funk, volume two, how we do Motherfucker... yeah you don't stop You won't quit, Jay-Z drop shit like this Aiyyo, my records sell cause I was born to do it Kick that Willie shit well, cause I'm really gonna do it The voice of the hustlers, who else gon do it? Most niggaz is locked or in the box with embalming fluid That's how I get it locked when I come through in the V You rap niggaz on the radio don't do it for me Insert the removable face, place the CD Your Prince, cause you rap dudes don't make sense Talk about bitten lines Nigga I did ery bit of crime that I writ in mine Ran so much coke, I could shit a dime And this is way back when, way before your bullshit was signed Tryin to indirectly, effect me, directly Careful what you wish for, Jigga get raw Nigga I'm straight gutta, let me remind you Act like you, out of your mind, I put your mind out of you I do anything when I put my mind to it A whole lot more when I put the nine to it I flow shit blow shit smash shit tow shit On some sho' shit hose it down totally and you knows this man  Keep niggaz in awe with the old shit No shit, and I don't give a fuck who you go get I fold shit like poker, smack em around On some Joe Schmoe shit, I back your whole click down what? Frito Lay rappers I slay for play, tell me Who in your circle could fuck around with Jay? No mo' shit, Cristals get dough shit Shoot my pistals on the reg, I'm on some double-fo' shit Bout to drop a jewel and make po-po sick I only the respect feds, beat cops know shit I'm pro slick, the dopest nigga to your brain, the comatose shit Cause after all, what's my name, oh shit! Yeah Funk Flex and uh, we don't stop Y'all wanna rhyme like me, wanna dime like me Every Tom Dick and Harry wanna ride my mami Drink Cristal, play diamonds in his wristal Sell fish scale, y'all niggaz love this style Wannabe players, Jay-Z's offic-ial Been through out, I could tell you what to do and how to do it Foundation is layed, we can take this to the top babygirl if you're not afraid, the world is watchin Most certainly, clowns wanna get up in your drawers think they hurtin me, ha hah I keep you ill and traced out, tennis brace style Cartier watch my diamond face style Crib on the coast, marble floors laced out Chase you upstairs singing 'Let's Play House' Drop a seed in her, little life to breathe in her Wanna boy so to be sure, I OD'd in her His days are laced in Caesar Leguars All the chicks jealous at the baby showers Beatch! How we do, Funk Flex, yeah Brooklyn... *fades into How About Some Hardcore by M.O.P.* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ Jay-Z Album: 7th Deadly Sin Song: Intro (7th Deadly Sin) Typed by: ibdrdru@yahoo.com Seven deadly sins (repeated several times  Morgan Freeman) [Jay-Z] Yeah yeah yo Ice what's up? Just chilling ya heard? It's the god. Know what I mean?  Heard you preparing to drop this 7th deadly sin Know what I mean?  Just showing, you know, love, you know what I mean? One player to another, you know coastal How we do you know? Connect Hit me up, give me a call. You know how we do?   Peace out Roc-A-Fella Style, Peace [Ice-T] Motherfuckers said I'd never survive, here I am Check your sound scan virally grand out the box Bitches and glocks, hoes got rocks on my table Fuck your cable, you better Ice that shit Fuck you income you better twice that shit You couldn't see me if you stood right in front of a pimp You niggas make a million dollar but still manage to sink I can stop for 10 years and still be 5 years in front of ya What do ya want? Mad bitched to flaunt And mad wealth, but you fuckin hoes yourself If you caught one its like a lesbian connect You and a bitch all pussy no dick Since '86 I been bustin off clips Mashin mad whips, bendin hot chicks Westside them niggas that ride for this shit Fly to New York City, crack a Brooklyn bitch You see me in a tunnel with my niggas on hit Light skinned nigga in the full ink mink Fuckin off chump change on bitches and drinks (Yo Ice you fuck that bitch?) Nigga what do you think? I aint fuckin these hoes cause these bitches aint payin Pimpin to me, that aint no bullshit sayin Every song I hear today's about straight trickin Mother fuck a bitch, hoe get your heels kickin And all you niggas out there that don't like me Fuck you! Fuck what you're goin through, fuck your hood And all my real motherfuckers know it's all in the good A nigga came up like a real pimp should I feel you players out there givin me love And all my dead homies watchin me from above And all you down bitches recognize in the heat Step to a pimp when you see me on the street Let a nigga know that you down to hoe Represent the Ice and collect the dough This aint nothing new aint no mother fuckin faade I've bee rockin shit for over 10 years god You haters paralyze when a real baler comes around Nigga give it up and put you fuckin head down Cause you don't wanna talk to about how much dope you sold You don't wanna talk bout how hard you claim your role You don't really look me in the eyes sucker (Know why?) Cause game knows game And I don't know you buster You got a deal with you own reflection in the mirror So what you did a bid You still a bitch kid And not too many niggas gonna do what I did Come off the streets, make raps about the lifestyle Real for my niggas from the ghetto to the penile Say what you will I moved to the hills The seventh deadly is envy Nigga fuck how you feel! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Michael Jackson f/ Jay-Z Album: You Rock My World 12" Song: You Rock My World (Remix) Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Jay-Z] Uh, the Mike Jordan of rap, the Mike Jackson of pop The Mike Tyson of street, Airs with no socks The Hugh Hef of the game, yeah it won't stop Till I meet the Lara Croft of the hood, it's all good The Spielberg when I spill words to tracks I'm a sick dude, you can't feel worse than that For you slow-minded dudes I reverse it back I gotta sick flow, see ain't no nursin' that But mommie, if ya rock my world I'll get you the baby bucket, you can be my baby pride girl The white Nike Airs, we call em' Wifey Airs Size 4-5, how cute is your size That new, cute mubble, get you horses to drive I paint that picture, cause ain't no nigga Like the one you get from, Mike holla [Michael Jackson] I don't think they're ready for this one [Michael Jackson] My life will never be the same Cause girl, you came and changed The way I walk The way I talk I cannot explain the things I feel for you But girl, you know it's true Stay with me, fulfill my dreams And I'll be all you'll need Oh, oh, oh, oh, ooh, it feels so right (Girl) I've searched for the perfect love all my life (All my life) Oh, oh, oh, oh, ooh, it feels like I (Like I) Have finally found her perfect love is mine (See, I finally found, come on, girl) You rocked my world, you know you did And everything I'm gonna give (You rocked my world) And there ain't nothing we could find Someone like you to call mine (You rocked my world) You rocked my world, you know you did (Girl) And everything I'm gonna give (I want you, girl) And there ain't nothing we could find Someone like you to call mine [Michael Jackson] In time I knew that love would bring This happiness to me I tried to keep my sanity I waited patiently Girl, you know it seems My life is fully complete Our love is true because of you You're doin' what you do Oh, oh, oh, oh, who'd think that I (Oh) Have finally found the perfect love I searched for allmy life (Searched for all my life) Oh, oh, oh, oh, who'd think I'd find (Whoa...oh...oh...) Such a perfect love that's so right (Whoa, girl) [Jay-Z] H to the izzo Make ya leave ya jerkey boy like Frank Rizzo My next get bank Jigga voice his music, forget the track Clap, clap, clap, clap Before we lose it, Trackmasters bring it back, let's go [Trackmaster & Jay-Z] Everybody put cha' hands in the air (AH YEAH!) Uh, yeah better get it right, who Everybody put cha' hands in the air (AH YEAH!) Uh, yeah better get it right, who Everybody put cha' hands in the air (AH YEAH!) Uh, yeah better get it right, who Everybody put cha' hands in the air (AH YEAH!) Uh, yeah better get it right, who [Chorus to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ja Rule f/ Ashanti, Jay-Z Album: Always On Time 12" Song: Always On Time (Remix) Typed by: Fitchboy2345@aol.com (Ashanti) [Ja Rule talking] Always there when you call [Buck-shots, haha] Always on time Gave you my....baby be mine Always there when you call, always on time Gave you my....baby (Chorus - Ashanti) Baby, I'm not always there when you call, but I'm always on time And I gave you my all, now baby be mine I'm not always there when you call, but I'm always on time And I gave you my all, now baby be mine (Ja Rule) C'mon and get a piece of this late-night lover You know, the one that swing dick like no other (shit) I know, I got a lot of things I need to explain But baby you know the name and love is about pain So, stop the complaints and drop the order restraints Our sex life's a game so bat me down in the paint 'Cause I can't wait no more 'Cause it's about a quarter-past three And shorty's eyein me I got the Bentley valeted And I'm just outside of Jersey, past the Palisades And I love to see that ass in hoops and shades Hold down on the bed while I'm yankin your braids Thug style, you never thought I'd make you smile While I'm smackin your ass and fuckin you all wild [With Ashanti] But we share somethin so rare, but who cares, you care (Chorus) (Jay-Z) Hov! Big Pimpin' Walk with a small limp And I'm here to scoop you broads out your mid-sized cars Bring hoes out of the closet My dough gives chicks motive He got enough money to afford it! But one thing you could say about Jay It's not a day I ever bought it Y'all can audit my life I put on that on my unborn daughter's life All I give 'em is game I don't give 'em my name Chicks leap through hula-hoops to get in the flame All it takes is Cristal juice to get in they pants, man Ain't nothin' gon' change 'bout Hov But my socks, my draws, and my Roc-A-Wear clothes And of course the flows So pretty soon I'll be able to rap in Morse Code (beep beep, beep beep) Please believe me But enough about Jay My resume speaks for itself Get your keys we leavin' Hov! (Chorus) Oh I'm, feelin' like you livin' a, double life 'Cause you don't be comin' home, sometimes Baby, but you're always, on time, checkin' for one time You and I, got a special bond together We go back like bombers boo, in the coldest weather And when I play you play the same way you freak me baby I fuck you crazy Then I'm gone Baby don't really want me to get up and leave off that easy She'll be wakin' up wet for sheezy Remind these bitches to mind they business Believe me, this pimp game is very religious And I'm built like the Don Bishop Gon' keep this money-green Benz and my hoes as my witness The life we share is a thug affair [With Ashanti] But who cares, you care (Chorus) (Ashanti) Always there when you call, always on time Gave you my....baby be mine Always there when you call, always on time Gave you my....baby be mine The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ja Rule f/ Jay-Z, DMX Album: Venni, Vetti, Vecci Song: It's Murda Typed by: MrSpree15@aol.com DMX: URRRRRRR Uh huh Y'all motherfuckers ready or what? Is y'all motherfuckers ready or what? I don't think you are I don't think so! They got my back against the building I'm the villian that's creeping around corners Like shorty you see them niggas creeping around, warn us We might be coming through, gunning through, running through So be careful what you do Or the slugs might come to you As long as I can remeber, the streets have kept me safe And ever since that time in December, the heat's been in my waist I need an extra set of eyes so I keep my dogs with me Doctor says let them die said his fucking dog bit me I don't know whats wrong with me But it seems like since you heard of us Y'all niggas turning into murderers Couldn't fuck with a third of us Still against me And wanting to see me in the box Grilling me all crazy when you see me and the L.O.X. Leave you Red like Foxx Ain't nothing funny about that I see you in a coma, ain't coming up out that You hold on for too long and they ain't pulling the plug for you I'll run up in the joint myself and bust another slug on you It's murda It's murda motherfuckers Jay-Z: I take a squat then post up with the toast up I bring beef to a closure Know somethin? >From cats stackin four-somes I'm loathesome  I scream out fuck the world then I throw something Niggas scheming hard but fuck it, it's the god I leave bullets lodged leave you leaning on your broad And our punks leave you gagged up in your car Slumping Kennedy-style with your memory out What the fuck y'all want? Daddio with the calico  Let the gaty blow leave you bleeding on your patio I leave rivals on their backs looking up at the sky blue Not only do I leave you I hide you I before you X and Ja-Rule Death before dishonor now and prior to Boss man spy on you Conspire you Me die before you? You liar, you Niggas is dead off the hits I approve Fuck it, I got the feds wearin wired suits Y'all niggas don't listen Whether in streets or in prison When we find them we twist them They fucking up missing Y'all don't understand we want y'all all to hate it It's murda Murder incorporated It's murda In crime we all related It's murda See if y'all can take it Ja-Rule: I'ma murderer and murdering anything that moves Through ya nine niggas Straight do or die niggas Caught up and fall victim to the worst shit X, Jigga, and Ja as expected Shot on the world and reflect it Niggas don't respect it So get it the worst way Fuck with the wolves you get hunted like prey Shot up in broad day Now everybody want you I'm feeling like: stupid didn't the inc. warn you the first time It's murda Whenever you see blood It's murda Lay you down for the love That's us  Leave the lights on Knife through your windpipe Cause most of your niggas ain't cut right You thinking it's alright  But it ain't I'm paralyzing clowns up and down from the waist Giving niggas facelifts and taking it While making you bleed And if I got a taste of the shit I'm taking more than you need It's nothing but love between me, you, and these slugs Hit him up wrap his body up in a area rug Who holding the heat? Who leaving niggas cold in the street? Y'all know me, ya Co-D, Ja-Rule the O.G. Niggas better watch me closely Get a grip, it's hennessy that fuels all that murderin' shit When I look in the mirror my reflection is killer Jigga, X, Ja niggas  It's murda The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ja Rule f/ Jay-Z Album: Venni Vetti Vecci Song: Kill 'Em All Typed by: illNasill@aol.com Ja Rule: Verse 1 It must be the way that I spit shit That make you say damn this nigga ridiculous The way I hit 'em and move nigga I can't lose Inconspicuous incognito niggas ain't ready For whoever who has the flow nigga know I spit deadly Fear me to the day I'm dead on the street with holes in me The ghettos got love for me cuz ima lay for 'em If I have to gradually down or after The only fib be love and disaster  Tears before laughter but who gonna cry? My style be so touchin' nigga wipe yo eye! Get used to obvious lies and dead wise guys  and any bitch niggaz feel they fuckin wit my's C'mon let's get it on, to the break in the dawn,  before long if you wrong you be dead and gone And now i'm the bomb to clarify my name in vain What you thought motherfuckers I was playin? Baby I hit 'em all 	(Chorus: Jay-Z, Ja Rule) Lord I won't be denied...	I'ma Hit 'em Hit 'em For as long as I'm a alive	I'ma Hit 'em Hit 'em I want my piece of the pie	I'ma Hit 'em Hit 'em Respect mine till the date of my demise... 				Baby I'ma Hit 'em all  Thinkin' its a game		I'ma Hit 'em Hit 'em Show 'em I ain't playin' 	I'ma Hit 'em Hit 'em For operatin' like planes 	I'ma Hit 'em Hit 'em  				Hit 'em Hit 'em Ja Rule: Verse 2 Baby I kill 'em all whatcha wanna do with this  nigga nuthin so shut the fuck up And learn somethin' see my team can get a whole town gamin' Give it up we even take the small change  Nigga yeah uh you think my way of life fucked up right? Till you live it and the cash gets to eattin at yo spirit  Fear it you be a broke nigga, you near it,  you be the next nigga,never have to go back and been it Cold stares thought you need a killa 'round here  Y'all niggaz really have some pitiful ideas I keep tryin to get this world to see  hustle hard my mind on that money  My motto to be stack it if you got it for when you get it Don't talk about it just be about it that it Went all odds against niggaz gettin' rich figure  to earn a dollar makes sense Baby I Hit 'em all (Chorus) Baby I come in style comin' fresh out of Queens (Brooklyn) I recognize how my killa cliques gettin' down  Everyday is while takin' yours into process niggaz is stress Leavin' peep holes in yo chest god bless the next that get laid to rest Frustration and stress make me question death  I wanna shoot all niggaz I feel should be shot on the spot  Let 'em rot with lead in their knot  Oh shit you bitch ass niggaz be lit Smoke weed it give you the heart to proceed Whatcha game plan you da man  Go for your guns feel no remorse When i leave your brain ??? Now settle down get your shit tight Should we expect move right  And everything is aight But if you slip son that ass is gone top dogg motherfuckers recognize  Baby I'm Hit 'em all (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay Electronica f/ Jay-Z, The-Dream Album: Shiny Suit Theory 12" Song: Shiny Suit Theory Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Jay Electronica] One two, one two, yeah, uh huh, yeah! [Chorus: Jay Electronica] Im sailin on a cloud, they trailin below My shrink told me its a feelin theyll never know I pack up all my sins and I wear em to the show I let em go, let em go, let em go, let em go Im sailin on a cloud, they trailin below My shrink told me its a feelin theyll never know I pack up all my sins in every L that I blow I let em go, let em go, let em go, let em go [Verse One: Jay Electronica] In the land before time, a land before altar boys Synagogues and shrines, man was in his prime Look how far I go in time just to start a rhyme The method is sublime you get blessed with every line Im in touch with every shrine from Japan to Osaka Your melonated carbon dated phantom of the Chakras Me and Puff we was chillin in Miami He said nigga fuck the underground you need to win a Grammy For your mama and your family they need to see you shined up You built a mighty high ladder let me see you climb up Nigga what you scared of?! Terrorize these artificial rap niggas and spread love, pollinate the ear buds Like you supposed to, spit it for the culture Pay no attention to the critics and the vultures They rather have a shot of Belvy just to spite you They cast the judgments cause they feel they got the right to Fuck em!!! I let the dice roll like my father did I gotta shine its in my blood Im a Harlem kid I treat my babies right, treat my ladies lady like Hit em with a remix, then make sure that they play me twice I thought you said its the return of the black kings Luxurious homes, fur coats and fat chains [Chorus: Jay Electronica] Im sailin on a cloud, they trailin below My shrink told me its a feelin theyll never know I pack up all my sins and I wear em to the show I let em go, let em go, let em go, let em go Im sailin on a cloud, they trailin below My shrink told me its a feelin theyll never know I pack up all my sins in every L that I blow I let em go, let em go, let em go, let em go [Verse Two: Jay-Z] In this manila envelope the results of my insanity Quack said I crossed the line between real life and fantasy Can't it be the same went on covers with Warren Buffett Was duckin the undercovers, was warring with mu'fuckers!!! Went from warrin to Warren, undercovers to covers If you believe in that sort of love your screws need adjustin In the, world of no justice and black ladies on the back of buses Im the Immaculate Conception of rappers slash hustlers My God, its so hard to conceive But it all falls perfect Im like autumn is to trees Uh, the doc interrupted, he scribbled a prescription for some Prozac He said take that for your mustard Boy you must be off your rocker if you think youll make it off the strip before they 'Pac ya Nigga you gotta be psychotic or, mixin somethin potent with your vodka It takes alot to shock us but you bein so prosperous is preposterous How could this, nappy headed boy from out the projects Be the apple of Americas obsession? You totally disconnected with reality, dont believe in dreams Since when did black men become kings? [Verse Three: The-Dream] You have no idea, yeah, the means to what I say And you have no idea, of how I got this way Now fear my dreams, and by the time you wake Ill look down from the clouds, see Im, on my way [Chorus: Jay Electronica] Im sailin on a cloud, they trailin below My shrink told me its a feelin theyll never know I pack up all my sins and I wear em to the show I let em go, let em go, let em go, let em go Im sailin on a cloud, they trailin below My shrink told me its a feelin theyll never know I pack up all my sins in every L that I blow I let em go, let em go, let em go, let em go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Jaz f/ Jay-Z, Sauce Money, Tone Hooker Album: Waitin' 12" Song: Foundation [Big Jaz] Know I do dat [Jay-Z] Hell Yeah. Let's start from the top (singing intro) need to just kill that shit you go first though, huh [Big Jaz] Go back! Don't know Karate, but I kick back like a 45-70 givin' yall niggas hell, enablin' me to live heavenly hit y'all faggots with my worst, still never get the best of me don't call me money 'less you investin' me I'm the answer but you find time to question me fine wines and dimes blessin' me primetime professional over the bread like sesame crime stressin' water testin'  got me arrested again, tested again tryin' to swim with the whales say you 'bout to blow with no wind in yo sails can't convince me, flinch or hench me my shit is cut and dry, motherfucker drench me I dare yo chilly ass to the 9th degree there ain't been a true and livin' in your life since me pinch me, you movin' backwards when i'm slo-mo my style'll bag a boy like a homo into linen like Yoko Ono you can fry, so relax no lie power from bed eye, sendin' niggas beddy-bye why? my team in the Big East take down your whole wack conference whole repetoir's pompous, know yo ass square walkin' 'round with a compass [Tone Hooker] Yo, Now what we 'bout to do is put down Foundation (When it's time to step it up) we rise to the occasion, but in order for you to put down Foundation (You gotta) Stash your funds,then automatic cream grows sporadic [Jay-Z] Hey y'all, I used to wreck off, bust the Tec off pop the cork off Moet off y'all, 3 quarters of the way now that's history, pop Christy 'till I'm pissy Jigga, who is he? How bad y'all wanna know? stick my head out the V-twizzy bust lead out, let the world feel the misery goin' loco, elude po-po prelude to a champion, competion not for nothin', can't be none limited edition, like the Lex with Coach leather 'cept my approach is better, now or never however, y'all want it the style's forever 'till it's redundant, Jigga! me and my operation, runnin New York night scene with one eye closed like Peter Geisha none of our foes have an idea, back in the days to fool the Feds used to run our clothes for years how can you possibly stop me? I'm approximately a million overhead, U.S. Dollars product take cream like Juan Valdez we's Kodak, Papa. See true co-lors [Tone Hooker] Yo, Now what we 'bout to do is put down Foundation (When it's time to step it up) we rise to the occasion, but in order for you to put down Foundation (You gotta) Stash your funds,then automatic cream grows sporadic Yeah, we puttin' down Foundation (now it's time to step it up) so rise to the occasion, but in order for you to put down Foundation (You gotta) Stash your funds,then automatic cream grows sporadic [Sauce Money] polish your wings for this fly shit the Bed-Stuy do or die shit, this 325i shit! you get nothing, child we buck and wild Roc-A-Fella Clik nigga, you know my fuckin' style when I deliver, niggas just don't give a fuck about nuthin', go all out like Hitler not enough doses to close this, it's hopeless fuck who the host is, nigga we the dopest motherfuckers rappin', Sauce Money had to happen record setter, record seller, Roc-A-Fella comin' thru like Idi Amin obscene you do ya best while I fuck the prom queen flick cum on ya, drop the bomb on ya seperate ya clik, man lost an arm on ya love the position that we hold know crazy Juice, chicks quick to get open like Nicole Brown or heart surgery, to smart to murder me 3rd burn degree if ya start distubin' me word to mother, life's a bitch fuck her Jaz and Jay stuck her, Sauce next in line with the rubber went from outcome to income, pretend some men come they win none, I'm all that and then some duck to blink and not enough, you sinkin' pussy minds I penetrate what the fuck you thinkin? [Tone Hooker] Now what you heard was niggas puttin' down Foundation (when it's time to step it up) we rise to the occasion, but in order for you to put down Foundation (You gotta) Stash your funds,then automatic cream grows sporadic Yeah, we puttin' down Foundation (now it's time to step it up) so rise to the occasion, but in order for you to put down Foundation (You gotta) Stash your funds,then automatic cream grows sporadic Yeah uh [Sauce Money] Word up, you know how that shit go it's about that fuckin' time Big muthafuckin Jaz, with the help of the capo, the nigga Jigga represent that shit, word and me? heh heh, whatever Yeah, that's hot right there! Ha Ha Ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jaz f/ Jay-Z Album: Word to the Jazz Song: Fun The sheer sincere rap engineer's here And wherever I go yo, you know my man Jay's near More than up to par, styles indicate who we are Like the gas-filled car, we're gonna go far Business we've been takin care of it I'm swearin it And we're aware of it cause our bank books are bearin it Every theme is extreme and supreme no bluff And every is slap and oh so tough But there's a time that I find yeah and it comes like a season To wind down for no other reason than it's pleasin To take a break from employment and let loose And reduce the pressue for sure pure enjoyment We got the time so let's make it a good one Soon we'll say back to the tunes and being top guns And yet we'll never regret and say this is what we should've done The clock she runs c'mon an let's have fun Let's jump in the rides and cruise Destination somplace a space anywhere we choose Laughter food and good times'll never fail ya To hell with intoxicating paraphenalia Well ya cold wanna slap on slow song, square up Pair up, stare down, hair down, sex long and strong Keep on and don't quit it if it's F-U-N, hit it Get it, but don't neflect preventions and limits We can eve lounge in the crib watch some movies starring Arnold Scwarzeneggar, bumrush the refridgerator Yo Jay pass the Pringles, I want a bit (Cake Jaz, cake Jaz, gimme some of it) Greenbacks every track that's what we're gonna get Go out and spend a ton of it just for the fun of it The room's vibratin, cause I can't stop Yeah the girls are in the back blastin that good ol hip-hop Call up some friends disturb the peace Play a smash by Jaz or Jay-Z's dope release Like a Dove Bar freshly dipped so you can hook and sling and slip and skip the beat is equipped To be twice as nice concise and precise to suffice (The crowd) who resemble recipients of a jewelry heist A group of positive people and we're proud to be The way we are and we know just how to be Dignity eloquence good sense And we'll all have a ball y'all, a slammin experience So let's talk and if it's humerous let's laugh Life's too short to be negative let's have fun Let's have fun y'all let's have it Take good times like goodies and grab it Stop firin stash the iron and groove Because the track impacts like a Karl Malone power move Rhymes sharper than a ginsu knife (Are you serious?) Word... (l-l-life) Get some (cause the beat ain't bum) (It'll never break yo heat but it'll buss yo' eardrum) This a symbold a sign a good omen To create fun is truely to create a good moment So make noise and rejoice and keep control of yourself Be cool be safe be wise and watch your health Sometimes I get lost I gotta break off from the crew Dinner jackets and tie and shined up shoes Reservation a table for two Candlelight fine cuisine what a scene me and you Maitre'd yo, do somethin smooth for us Kick the R&B or, jazz with a smooth chorus And as the music plays is everything OK? Yes honey? Wouldn't have it any other way Holdin hands bein intimate Love is the feelin and I'm into it What we got will not ever diminish I'm yours forevermore to endure and replenish Buss the motion me and my main partner Get along, us two? Man it ain't hard Check the signals on a nightlike tonight Car waxed up and system blastin like dynamite Bass flows through ya body before you seeme come Tank killed with the no-lead premium The boys with poise in high demand and Heavy as lead, gear is outstandin (Where will we go?) Yo I don't know But it'll be real (real what?) high potent to say the least it'll never be hum drum Frum sun to sun sleep when we're done let's have fun The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jaz f/ Jay-Z Album: Word to the Jazz Song: Hawaiian Sophie I'm discussin it so buss it, cold profilin Spent a little while in the Hawaiian Islands Off the plane and hospitality came correct A gang of aloos places round my neck Bathed by the sunshine and the seas of pearls Fanned by tanned skinned beautiful girls A twitch of grass skirt caught my eye I said aloha baby word life you're lookin fly I said my name is Jaz and did amaze me When she said the rapper yeah me and partner Jay-Z My witness wasn't she stacked Wasn't she pumpin slammin workin -- so true indeed black She said I'd love to stay and chat but I'll See you at the luau, won't that be nice now Later on we can examine each other more closely And by the way my name is Sophie The luau was sharp, right Jay? (On the strength money) Laughter good food and tons of honeys Eat and be merry, festive drums playin A real cool atmosphere, you know what I'm sayin? Tipped through the crowd, aloha aloha Mingled like a single, then yo I Stopped dead in my tracks, and my heart did freeze Eyes wide surprised to find Sophie's Smilin at the Jaz for some reason or other Clockin a brother, but standin with another Who just so happened to catch her expression Look in my direction as a sign of aggression Approachin me and yo I ain't lyin Was this big coconut eatin barefoot giant Face to face I mean chest to face My first prepared to hook off in haste Then Sophie sweete than sugar a good looker Broke in between, before homeboy shook her Grabbed her took her away on the wild tip On a macho tripthat ain't hip Look to my partner Jay (yeah I saw it) Shrugged his shoulders said (hey I can't call it) I said I think she should just up and go free Then I can be with a girl, named Sophie Walked along the beach by self til dawn Askin myself what the hell goes on She's so thorough, but she got a man he ain't right though And besides she's a stranger to me quite so Those thoughts were troublin Til the sunlight shone on a figure and I was bubblin Like a dream it seemed when she approached me Talkin about none other than Sophie Looked into my eyes, anxiety gone Told me she's been thinkin bout me all night long I asked about the island kid she said "What of him?" I said "Ain't he your man, whassup, don't you love im?" Sophie screamed she need a woman's dream Not a cartoon sucker from a comic scene Close embracin her eyes full of tears But we spoke of the devil, and slap, he appeared Speedin toward us like a heat-seekin missle But yo, I ain't no cat with that "P" initial Homeboy was large, I must've been crazy Sophie said "No" I said "Yo, get out the way baby!" No words spoken, major slugfest Twent minutes and homeboy's head put to rest All for the best cause the big prize the trophy Was my heart of Hawaii whose name is Sophie The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jaz f/ Jay-Z Album: Ya Don't Stop EP Song: It's That Simple Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] ("To the beat y'all, check it out y'all") {12X} [The Jaz] (Jay-Z) {both} Hey yo, let's begin with the beginning - (The start) Let's get deep within it - (The heart) Partner (Yeah) You gotta partner? (No) Don't be sarcastic, partner! (Okay partner, let's go) (Who's superior?) Opposed to who? (The inferior, we are the two enterprise clock seri-ous) You mean we're in the barrier  of the better area causing havoc and hysteria?  {Yeah, whatever French, yeah we in there  Like an 8-room pad with an upstairs} (Props are up here, yeah and they'll stay here) Where else they're gonna go, dear? (So ride the rhythm) C'mon, c'mon a-widdit (With the big foot fathom) umm-mmm, nuh-uh, forget it  {The jitters we split it down to the end, you'll  never see us sweat, it's just that simple} ("To the beat y'all, check it out y'all") {12X} ("Y-Y, You don't stop") [The Jaz] Jaz recites with simplicity It ain't a mystery how I-I take publicity That's positive got props risin A s-s-soothing like lotion on dry skin Me and my man Jay-Z my partner, we start the  flip flop lyrics, when you hear it, it's kinda hard to.. not sway, dumb resist to stay away from  Suckas try to say some, maybe another day sons Next you give facts, didn't wanna flex  But it ain't complex to the brothers with the complex, intellects On tours most applause and move to dancefloors  Maybe sometimes we break chores Get your butts off the wall, kids Cause the fact of the matter is the track that Prince Paul did Laced like colors on a silkscreen Sophie on the sofa You know what I mean? Baby scoot over! See I'm here to report we never took sorts We hold down the fort for sport Marcy, Tompkins, Fort Greene ya sucked in LG's sell enough push we can roll so though Cookin homebase Brooklyn ya break and get bent Jaz and Jay-Z represent Draw be quick take some chatter face be nimble and we'll pull the old {?} school, it's that simple [Jay-Z] Freestyle rhymes are easy to come by A pen and a pad when it comes to this one guy Some try to lead tongue-tied, cause they flow like  not I and felt the breeze when I shot by I get props cause I rep broke When someone ask you to step, know, I wreck so yo Check, go to the next line it seems sensible For a dope beat, you seek the Prince Paul It's so simple to one {?} to the alike of people who like things done right You can let go, intro to the insult Emcees are perpetual when Jay lets the pen flow And it's laid back, Paul make sure it's stay back It's just that simple, play a track  with these the J-A-Y-Z too ease Still treatin new emcees like news lead Together wit the Jaz top grads You got the plot? Get ready to lock gas To tell the truth Paul I'm ready to rip the booth off Make room for the new force ,the true boss Let off your vest, fail to amaze me kid  Whatchu wanna be? Jaz and Jay-Z is, on top Never know when to, retire never perspire, it's just that simple The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jaz-O (Jaz) f/ Dibiase, Jay-Z Album: Let's Go 12" Song: Let's Go Typed by: drk757@hotmail.com [Jaz-O] Understand the moment Stop everything The originator The alpha and omega [Jay-Z] We at 80 right now Jaz we almost at 100 [Jaz-O] The first and the last I am here Kings County, we outside yall, lets go niggas [Jaz-O] God's here, the Aston parked here Chicks in the cut in just the brazierres In this at-most-phere Yo ass cross here It's yo night shorty get your lip glossed smeared Toss the panties (This is), Marcy family (This is) Kings County you hear me, spring through fall Ain't nothing po' but this alcohol (for real) My numbers complicated algebra I lean in cars, lean of Bacardi dark Shorty wit a mean ass lean on yours She's on fours ??? for me the bomb and she going down and out Next day wanna meet me in town I'm out I think I made her cross-eyed When I hit her broad side My name haunts, chicks train the thought My dick stick in they mind run a train on they thoughts Hook To my (playas get ya dollas) Like its no tommorow, all my (ladies in Manolo) Respect game you follow Can I grub, read, (show)love (to) my thugs And all my women to succed lets go Repeat [Jay-Z] Big pimpin' Walk wit a small limp an' I'm here to scoop you broads Out ya mid-size cars Bring ho's out the closet, my dough give chicks motive You got enough money to unfold it But one thing yall can say about Jay its not a day I ever bought it Yall can audit my life I put that on my unborn daughters life All I give 'em is game I don't give 'em my name Chicks leap through hoola-hoops to get in the flame All it takes it Cristal juice to get in they pants, man Aint't nothing gon' change bout Hov but my sock, my drawers and my Roc-a-wear clothes And of course the flows So pretty soon I'll be able to rhyme in Morse code (beep beep beep beep) Please beleive me, But enough about Jay My resume speaks for it's self, getcha keys we leavin' Hook Repeat [Dibiase] Girls grillin, but hatas do less scopin' Dibi's like tennis I got the US Open And I don't say much but when it's time to yap They callin me ??? for all the dimes I tap The roley?, no, might see the Telerium Waves got em nauseaous might catch stelerium Got broads changin puttin em on learnin Levis?, no, put on them Ron Hermans Last week a handball switchin on the polo Nine West, eehh, switch em to Manolos The reason why girls wanna switch they plans See Dibiase once and wanna ditch they man Actin like Dib and really in the room Till I'm risin to the top like a helium balloon Like breget brain, step it up to cranium Its crazy her ball game kept it up in stadiums Hook Repeat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jaz f/ Jay Zee * Album: To Your Soul Song: The Originators Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch * a.k.a. Jay-Z 	(It is indeed a pleasure 	To see so many Nubian faces 	So many original faces here tonight) [ Jaz ]	Hey yo, what's up, Jay Zee? [ Jay ]	Yo, what's up, Jaz? [ Jaz ]	Ain't nothin 	Just chillin, you know 	A lotta fronters out there perpetratin 	Tryin to rock a old trippin style 	Youknowmsayin? [ Jay ]	We have none of that, alright? 	Originators is here [ Jaz ]	Word up 	Let me kick a little somethin [ Jay ]	Word up [ Jaz ]	Guess you'll tune in later, right? [ Jay ]	Yeah, but won't you 	Kick, kick, kick it [ VERSE 1: The Jaz ] My rhymin and singin technique is applaudable Livin in luxury, and it's affordable No other brother is better than me, the J, the a, the z The cream of the crop, and the top of the top The suckers are tryin to stop The biggeda-, the biggeda-, the boss of the hip-hop Hop, they'll never come near They'll never come here, no, not this year They're growin in fear, I'm very sincere, I will jerk tears Operator pushin the data, I'm talkin bout info And check it, you're still stumblin and bumblin off the intro So take it a step at a time, this dope rhyme Be makin a note that it's refined by a skilled mind This is a warning for biters Stealers and robbers and sucker reciters Call it a night, and before you roam Don't try this at home The style that I'm usin, I'm here to abuse The garbage and junk I refuse Divy it up, cause I'm here to collect my dues from all of yous This ain't no cartoon drama caper, pass the paper Your mind's in a daze, higher than a skyscraper I'm teachin and reachin and preachin And showin and flowin and growin and blowin The rest of the best right out of the box I shoot the funky sweat socks I obliterate and I devastate You wanna go head to head Rhymin until you fall dead? Great, make it a date Never a conflict or a debate, you're callin me sir, see You sucker, you fucker, you pussy, you wussy, nobody can verse me The Jaz is pushin the power You two-bucks-an-hour Unable, mentally unstable, to me you cower You never can write a dope lyric to have an effect just like this did To be at the peak in the field of hip-hop, you only wish, kid And Jiggeda-Jay Zee, yo, yo, my partner G-g-g-get on the mic, and cold start to [ VERSE 2: Jay Zee ] Wreckin and wreckin in seconds less than speeds of light So the miggeda-more that come, the miggeda-merrier, right, right Excitin the mic much to the delight of millions of Nubians And Amorites just can't understand the groove we're in Cool, it might take a couple of takes for you to clarify Don't lie, you coulda never got in on the first try But never to worry, I'm not in a hurry, take your time Cause it's my rhyme, I siggeda-said so, and I'm J-a-y-Z, y'all know me I wish you co-write, cause you'd pay me all the rhymes you stole from me Leave you freeze in a minute, you gotta get in it breathin Only when it lets, no sweat, I stutter-step with ease, and Stop fakin, you're makin it, son I'm breakin and breakin and breakin your tongue Don't get caught perpetratin the cool ones Figure we're bigger and badder and better, and baby, let's face it We bring havoc, flowin faster than rabbits, try to race it The lyrical miracle writer, flippin until it drives you Crazy, seek spiritual help from Jaz and Jay Zee Standin in awe, you saw the best of em all, the rest will fall Requestin for more, jaws stuck on the floor These lyrics I pour, we saw, because we're greater And we are the thiggida-thiggida-thiggida-the (the) originators Word 	(Cure the blackman 	And bring him back to the way he was 	In his original state) 	(Asalaam alaikum) (4x) 	(To give power to the right to overcome bliss) 	(It is indeed a pleasure 	To see so many Nubian faces 	So original faces here tonight) 	(Asalaam alaikum) 	(To give power to the right to overcome bliss) 	Asalaam alaikum) 	(Cure the blackman 	And bring him back to the way he was 	In his original state) 	(Asalaam alaikum) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Jay-Z Album: Cole World: The Sideline Story Song: Mr. Nice Watch Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: J. Cole] Hey, Cole World, yeah [J. Cole] Yeah, e'rybody got a bad side, drop, let me see that shit What you say Cole ain't hot; what? Where you read that shit? You believe that shit? All cause some lame nigga tweet that shit? Have you seen my shows? Have you seen my hoes? If I wasn't hot would they be so thick? Huh... guess not, got the game in a headlock I'm blastin at, I'm laughin at you old niggaz, Redd Foxx Don't mind me boy I'm red hot, huh, aw nigga they not I'm over here, I'm over there, I'm everywhere, they not (I said) You'll never play me, nice try, ballin in a nice spot No more Mr. Nice Guy, hello Mr. Nice Watch You don't want no problems, put yourself in a tight spot So, you could look but don't touch, I'll stay on my toes like the White Sox Cause [Chorus: J. Cole] It cost me a lot, my chain and my watch They say time is money but really it's not If we ever go broke girl then time is all we got And you can't make that back, no you can't make that back So let's ball while we here, let's ball while we here Like ain't no tomorrow, like ain't no next year Drink away all our problems, make it rain with no care Like I'll make that back, fuck it I'll make that back Go... ahh, nice watch (uh-huh) ... ahh, nice watch (I know) ... ahh, nice watch No more Mr. Nice Guy, hello Mr. Nice Watch [J. Cole] Stack on black, huh, I ain't never been a high roller Now it's racks on racks, uh, never thought that I would ride Rover But I'm back on track, add to the fact that I never really drive sober +Cole World+ but I'm hot as shit, do that mean that I'm bipolar? Young black and gifted, I rap/wrap like it's Christmas Eve Coach wouldn't let a nigga off the bench, no wonder why I didn't quit the team But, I'm cut from a different sleeve, +Cole World+ so the wrist'll freeze Hurry up with your pictures please, I gotta make history [Jay-Z] Yeah, got a Hublot I call it Tebow, I strap that bitch with a gator band Y'all niggaz ball half-time, y'all niggaz like the Gator band Y'all niggaz need a time-out, who got these niggaz all wound up? Cocksucker I'm 7-30, y'all know where y'all niggaz gon' wind up? No more Mr. Nice Guy, hello Mr. Nice Watch Only but a matter of time 'fore I hit y'all niggaz with a nice shot Y'all niggaz bet' not call the law, get no blood on my Audemar Meanin y'all bet' not waste my time, when y'all ready I'll take you all to war Meanwhile I'm just choppin off doors, put the front on the back cause I'm back and forth Put the front on the back of the 'bach like a boss so I'm frontin on niggaz when I'm backin off Uh, what up Cole? Showtime, let these niggaz know Adjust your Roleys on these muh'fuckin hoes, whenever you ready, go! [Outro: J. Cole] It cost me a lot, my chain and my watch (Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, ahh, nice watch) If we ever go broke girl then time is all we got (Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, ahh, nice watch) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Jay-Z Album: Cole World: The Sideline Story Song: Rise and Shine Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Jay-Z - talking] There's a nigga right now somewhere (ah!) He at the table, with a, with a bowl of Apple Jacks (*laughing*) And he's readin the back of the cereal And in between, in between eatin the Apple Jacks, he's writing some shit And he, he want my spot I'm a find him though, I'm a sign him (*chuckles*) I don't want no problems (*laughing*) [*Sample from "Arise, Shine" by Greg Dykes and The Synanon Choir plays for 22 seconds and throughout*] [Verse 1 - J. Cole] Like we always do at this time, C-Cole blowin your mind Hey dummy, this no accident, all of this was designed T-T-Took my time, c-c-crept from behind And I opened up your blinds, rise and shine Cole World, same nigga used to drive around with yo' girl In my mama's Civic, now I'm out here tryin to get it I ain't like you lame ass niggaz, boy I spit it, how I live it So when you see me in the streets, man I ain't got to mimic 'Cause I ain't got an image to uphold, this real shit I ain't got a gimmick, I just flow, that niggaz went nuts for The boy that set fire to the booth In a game full of liars, it turns out that I'm the truth Some say that rap's alive, it turns out that I'm the proof 'Cause the ones y'all thought would save the day, can't even tie my boots The ones y'all thought could hang with me, can't even tie my noose Let these words be my bullets nigga, I don't rhyme, I shoot (bang!) [Chorus - J. Cole] Before I wake (uh), I pray to the Lord (uh), my soul to take (uh) My soul to take (uh), my soul to take (uh), my soul to take [Verse 2 - J. Cole] Lord I've been dreamin about the paper, get rich 'fore I see my life caper Hope my mama get to see Jamaica 'fore she meet her maker I hoop but never good enough to ever be a Laker But these words I record got me ballin, Jordan More than a rapper, this a natural disaster Boy, I'm meaner than Katrina mixed with Gina - "shut up, Cole" This is for my niggaz back home, homes - "what up, bo?" This is for them bitches that played me - "what up, ho?" Nah I ain't mad, it's sad, you went from bad to real bad Two kids that don't even know they real dad Real sad, baby girl, I wish you still had it Then maybe you could get a taste of livin +Villematic+ It's Cole, still at it, y'all be talkin about the same shit Man, how I feel about it? Mama was a real addict That's why I don't respect that lyin ass, white shit you talkin Cole plannin funerals, you might fit the coffin [Verse 3 - J. Cole] Hey, uh, get on your job little mayne, this ain't Saturday We in two different lanes, you can't navigate We in two different games, you playin "patty cake" Brother you're lame, you're Shane Battier Ya out of shape, my mind run a mile a minute The sky's the limit, I'm so high, I'm divin in it My rides is tinted, my knob's gettin slobbed up in it She hollerin "God!", man you would've thought that God was in it But it's just a nigga God invented The best out, foolish pride'll make you not admit it Well if this shit ain't fire nigga, why you noddin with it? The hate in your blood can't stop your soul from vibin with it Now you all conflicted, 'cause my flows is wicked And my hoes is thicker and all of yours is pickin me 'Cause they, know a star when they see a star, nigga Ain't even got to fuck him, to know he a raw nigga I got her in my bedroom but cheer up, nigga You saved so many hoes, you a hero, nigga (huh) Medal of honor, I'm feelin on top like Pac, when he slept with Madonna Hey, this is death before dishonor Get arrested and forget to tell my mama She got enough to stress about, my nigga gonna get me out Then we hit the club with the thugs and the liquors No criminal record but I'm makin criminal records Isn't it ironic? Isn't it iconic? Jacket so expensive, you wouldn't even try on it But it fit me perfect, I purchase it, if I want it (uh) The city on my shoulders, so no girl, you can't cry on it (uh) When you make a list of the greatest, aye, am I on it? (uh) Maybe not yet but bitch I got the clock set, it goes Tick, tock, game on lock Sun gon' shine but the reign won't stop, oh no [Outro - J. Cole] Hey If I should die, before I wake (uh), I pray to the Lord (uh), my soul to take (uh) My soul to take (uh), my soul to take (take ...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J Dilla f/ Jay-Z, Pete Rock Album: Jay Stay Paid Song: KJAY & We Out Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Yeah {*echoes*} Yeah {*echoes*} Feel it, uhh {*echoes*} Uhh {*scratched*} Uhh, uh {*scratched*} Uhh {*scratched*} Uhh {*scratched*} [Pete Rock] Jay Stay Paid Pete Rock, the Chocolate Boy Wonder Peace and love, we out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J Dilla f/ Jay-Z Album: Jay Stay Paid Song: Milk Money Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*scratched: "Aw yeah!" and "Hold, hold it now"*} [Jay-Z at 0:12] Feel me [Jay-Z at 0:18] Feel me on this one {*scratched at 0:33 - "Tryin to give the man his props"*} {*"Baby pop.. don't-don't stop"*} {*"Take out your boy and shake what you got"*} [Jay-Z at 0:42] Feel me on this one {*scratched: "Aw yeah!" and "Hold, hold it now"*} [Jay-Z at 1:00] Feel me on this one {*scratched at 1:17 - "Tryin to give the man his props"*} {*"Baby pop.. don't-don't stop"*} {*"Take out your boy and shake what you got"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jermaine Dupri f/ Jay-Z Album: Life in 1472 Song: Money Ain't a Thang Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uh uh So So Def Yeah, yeah Chorus: Jermaine Dupri and Jay-Z [Jermaine Dupri] In the Ferrari or Jaguar, switchin four lanes With the top down screamin out, money ain't a thang [Jay-Z] Bubble hard in the double R flashin the rings With the window cracked, holler back, money ain't a thang [Jermaine Dupri] Jigga, I don't like it if it don't gleam gleam And to hell with the price cause the money ain't a thang [Jay-Z] Put it down hard for my dogs that's locked in the bang When you hit the bricks, new whips, money ain't a thang [Jermaine Dupri] Come on, y'all wanna floss wit us Cause all across the ball we burn it up Drop a little paper, baby toss it up Ya slackin on your pimpin, turn it up See the money ain't a thang [Jay-Z] I flex the Rol', sign a check for yo' hoe Jigga's style is love, X and O Save all your accolades, just the dough My game is wide, all lames aside Tryin to stay alive, hundred thou' for the bracelet Foolish, ain't I? The chain'll strain ya eye Twin platinum gun son, aim for the sky Ice on my bullet, you die soon as I pull it Willies wanna rub shoulders, your money's too young See me when it gets older, ya bank account grow up Mine's is one-zero-zero-zero-oh-doub' Damn near out the rear trunk when I roll up Multi til I close up, it's all basic I been spending hundreds since they had small faces Rob your stash house, doubled out down in Vegas Me and J.D. got it locked crazy Where you at haters? Chorus [Jermaine Dupri] My cake thick, I live the life Eatin' crab, watching bitches shake shit all night I make the big moves, do the big things Take small groups, turn them into big names The big dog with the big chain, frostbit bracelet to match Cats say I'm the shit man The type of nigga that you need in yo' crew Type of dude that will do shit you won't do, can't do Get more burn than a candle Too hot to hold, too much to handle In the black C-low, he know if she look She go bye-bye with da-da and I ain't gotta say no mo' I'm "The Truth" like A.I., got the proof and stay fly In the safest shit you could never buy Know why? Cause I write the songs that the whole world sing I don't know about y'all but every night I swing Chorus [Jay-Z] Ya'll shit ain't for real til y'all ship a mil' And ya hit a R&B chick and she fit the bill Said she loved my necklace, started relaxin Now that's what the fuck I call a chain reaction Went from wholesome to Jigga, you awe-some Baby, I don't play all my jewelry is light grey Platinum, spend your whole life in the day What's down is a bet, roll the dice [Jermaine Dupri] Yeah, yeah, so let's play  So what you went gold and rock a Roley with the ice bezel It's gon' take a lot mo' to see my level Where I'm at, your check, you better double that And personally your raps is where the trouble at I'm a Benz bubble cat, leather with the wood grain In the platinum frame screamin it's not a game Gleamin, from ear to ear, wrist to wrist, ring and chain Even me and Jay-Z got it locked, crazy Chorus [Jermaine Dupri] So So Def, Roc-A-Fella, collabo' You know, all we do is.. Rock, rock on (*repeat to fade*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jon B f/ Coko, Jay-Z Album: Hav Plenty soundtrack Song: Keep it Real Typed by: charrstarr@hotmail.com  Huh, cheer Understand this, right, uh How real is this, cheers Jon B., Coko, Jigga Uh-huh, understand what we tryin to do (Keep it real, love) Right, right (Keep it real, love) Keep it real, love [Always hook up], keep it realer than real Keep, uh-uh, keep it realer than real, uh-huh, yeah, right (Always keep it real, love) Right, check it off [You have got me stuck] (Ill hook you up, love) Keep it real (Ill hook up right) Keep it real, what (Ill hook you up, love) keep it realer than real Keep it real, huh, uh, uh Me and you been kickin it for some time Shorty, you aint let me know whats on your mind I remember when cheatin on my girl was once my steez But the loves so good, you got me on my knees askin, "Please can we?" Make love tonight, feel so right Hold you tight, take my sweet time To let you know how I am feeling for you So tight, your love is right Keeps me up, girl, all night I love the way you hook me up, girl, will you Always hook you up (You, baby, baby) if you keep it real Your love, girl, Ill keep it real (Ill keep it real, baby) You have got me stuck on how good it feels It feels so good to me, my baby Boy, you know Im sittin here outta my mind Cause I never thought Id find someone to spend my time with And the way youve opened up to me Lets me know that youre the one for me, so tell me can we Make love tonight, feel so right Hold me tight, take my sweet time Let me know how you feel, my love is real So tight, your love is right Keeps me up, boy, all night I like the way you give it to me Always hook you up if you keep it real Your love, girl, Ill keep it real [Just keep it real] You have got me stuck on how good it feels It feels so good to me, my baby [Boy, it feels so good, baby] Always hook you up if you keep it real Your love, girl, Ill keep it real [Ooh...ooh...yeah...] You have got me stuck on how good it feels [Hoo...] It feels so good to me, my baby [Yeah...hey...yeah...] Yo, realer than my late night creeps, you understand me The genuine article, I cant fade sleep Jay-Z, king of the one nights I cant stay forever, love, I get it done right [Always hook you up] And I shall return to sweat out your perm Cutie, I would truly do damage to your dooby Thats the deal, ma, thats the deal of the deal I keep it real, what, I keep it realer than real, word to my life, Jigga Always hook you up if you keep it real Your love, girl, Ill keep it real You have got me stuck on how good it feels It feels so good to me, my baby [Ooh...ooh...ooh...] Always hook you up if you keep it real (Im gonna) [You gotta] (Im gonna) Your love, girl, Ill keep it real [You gotta keep it real] You have got me stuck on how good it feels [Hey...hey...hey...hey...ey...hey...yeah...yeah...yeah...] It feels so good [So good, baby] to me, my baby (Im gonna be real with you, babe) Always hook you up [Baby] if you keep it real [Keep it real, yeah...yeah...] Your love, girl, Ill keep it real (I want your love, baby) You have got me stuck on how good it feels [How good it feels, baby, yeah...] It feels so good to me, my baby (Ooh) [Lets keep it real] Always hook you up (Always hook me up now) if you keep it real Your love, girl, Ill keep it real (Always hook always hook me up) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Jay-Z Album: 400 Degreez (Re-Release) Song: Ha (Jay-Z Remix) Typed by: bizzy_manson666@hotmail.com [Jay-Z] Bounce, bounce, bounce J-j-j-j-j-Juvenile and Jigga The remix [Juvenile] You at the point of no return, ha If your daddy get out the way with you,  you gon to let him learn, ha Life's a bitch, ha Niggas be fakin but you ain't givin em shit, ha You stealin the bricks, ha You got a wife and three kids, ha But you be fuckin around right in the neighborhood you live, ha You own a truck, ha With tv's and cd's rimmed up, ha Fuckin em up, ha You won't be stuntin on your cell, ha Get your partner some money orders and commence to jail, ha You bout ready to roll a draw, ha Some of that drove, ha You bout to get you some more, ha You that nigga with all that cheese, ha You that nigga that whipped that girl and she called the police, ha You understand, ha You ain't gon cry like a bitch, you gon be a man, ha Where ever you stand, ha [Chorus] X 2 You a paper chaser, you got your block on fire Remaining a G until the moment you expire You know what it is, to make nothing outta something You handle your biz and don't be crying and suffering [Jay-Z] You done got yourself in some deep shit Now you stuck in your house, you gotta peep the remix You can't go out cuz they gon leave you in a deep ditch And hit you with the sign if you decide to keep shit The only reason you alive cuz you read lips and you drove on the block low in yo' seat an' shit Seen em mouthin off, they don't need this shit Now they sick of you duckin, dodgin, and weavin and shit How they call you when you don't return they beeps Now they ready to kill you and all your peeps You done fucked around with some wild niggas You done fucked off the dough and Juvenile and Jigga's You better get it back, or sleep where the river's at They send shots through your fifty cap They got big guns that go brrrrrrrap, brrrrrrrap, brrrrap Where your niggas at? [Chorus] X 2 [Juvenile] You gotta get up off your ass, ha And make the cash, ha And stay away from them bags, ha Two and two done come together, ha Juvi and Jigga, ha Straight up guerrillas, ha That nigga Manny Fresh a fool, ha He be playin it to the bitches on every song he do, ha My fuckin album going plat, ha You bought the tape, ha Tell em ain't none of it fake, ha You got a shipment coming in, ha During the week, ha Got a little something for me, ha You boy and them be drawin heat, ha But that's your wootie so you gotta find you someone to creep, ha Nigga tired of livin fast, ha Your boy hit the stash, ha Now you wanna go bust his ass, ha You keep it real, ha You don't fuck with no nigga but you will kill, ha You know how it feel, ha [Chorus] X 2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lenny Kravitz f/ DJ Military, Jay-Z Album: Black & White America Song: Boongie Drop Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: DJ Military] My name is DJ Military Right about now, I want all the big boongie dance right now Get up on the dance floor, make ya boongie drop! Elutra massive! 'ere wha gwann, AY~! [Chorus: Lenny Kravitz] Go sister, roll on it Don't let the music stop Girl gon' make that boongie drop Roll sister, roll on it Go sister, roll on it Don't let the music stop Girl gon' make that boongie drop Roll sister, roll on it [Lenny Kravitz] Red light, the speakers pumpin Flesh-to-flesh, grind and bumpin Hot pants, green and yellow Brown thighs, feelin mellow The beat, of the ghetto Cornrows, weaves and afros The deep, birds from Nassau I'm out to show toniiiiight [Interlude: DJ Military] Girl, make that boongie drop Girl, make that boongie drop Girl, make that boongie drop Girl, make that boongie drop [Lenny Kravitz] Black heat, fills the dancehall Lovebirds, rock the back wall Junglers, {?} labels High heels, on the tables Bare feet, on the dirt floor No one, cares if you're poor At three, lockin the door And comin home toniiiiight [Chorus + Interlude] [Jay-Z] Uh, put the kids to sleep on this one~! Pop lock and drop it, I make that pussy speak patois like Patra, ah remember her? Remember me from the basement parties? I remember you tight-tight, no pan-ties My weed blowin all in your tight weave Rub-a-dubbin so close, steppin on my Nikes At the red light, never give me red light Only give me +Green Light+, you know what I mean, right? After my Red Stripe, hop up on my motorbike Show me what that motor like, show me you can roll it right All of my dia-monds, girl, they're Bohemians All of my Jamaic-i-ans, shake it for me, shake it and... (Yah!) [Chorus 2X + Interlude] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lenny Kravitz f/ Jay-Z Album: Baptism Song: Storm Typed by: jordanair45@gmail.com [Jay-Z] "You gotta let this one breathe Just".... ....."Just let it breathe for a second." "JUST BLAZE!" [Lenny Kravitz] My life has taken me beyond the planets and the stars And you're the only one that could take me this far I'll be forever searching for your love I walked away but I was wrong You're the one that keeps me strong You're the fire that keeps me warm How will I get through this storm? At night, I pray before I sleep in hope of finding you I've opened up my heart, I want you to come through I close my eyes, I'm searching for your love I walked away but I was wrong You're the one that keeps me strong You're the fire that keeps me warm How will I get through this storm? [Jay-Z] "Yes, Yes" "I got the bounce Lenny" "Check me out" Brooklyn's Bad Boy back again Feet hit the ground running and my back's to the wind Angels on my shoulders, head in the clouds No I'm not rapping I'm just thinking real loud My Karma's my armor, my charm and wit is like a leather bomber I'm warm and shit and I did bad for good but when you're trapped in the hood you do worse for less homie earth's a test Only God can judge me, my heart ain't ugly But the thoughts that I drop is heavy, try to budge me Momma loved me, Pop left me Still the homies call me lucky lefty 					 Im flashy and deadly, deceptively smart I make hustlin' heaven and pimping a art Long as I know that I'm blessed and Im loved in depth I can walk through water and not get wet, Im that fresh! [Lenny Kravitz] I walked away but I was wrong You're the one that keeps me strong You're the fire that keeps me warm How will I get through this storm? [Jay-Z] There you have it Young hov, Lenny Kravitz Not your average Get your umbrella It's raining macs and broads all grace to god [Lenny Kravitz] I walked away but I was wrong You're the one that keeps me strong You're the fire that keeps me warm How will I get through this storm? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kendrick Lamar f/ Jay-Z Album: Bitch Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) (s) Song: Bitch Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com I am a sinner, who's probably gonna sin again Lord forgive me... Lord forgive me Things I don't understand Sometimes I need to be alone... Bitch don't kill my vibe, bitch don't kill my vibe I can feel your energy from two planets away I got my drink, I got my music  I would share it but today I'm yellin Bitch don't kill my vibe, bitch don't kill my vibe Bitch don't kill my VIBE, bitch don't kill my vibe [Kendrick Lamar] Uh, look inside of my soul  and you can find gold and maybe get rich, hol' up Trinidad Jame$ in four weeks  but now my album platinum and shit? So what Y'all keep the numbers  I'm more than another statistic, my nigga This courtesy of Compton (courtesy of Compton) Brooklyn go hard, motherfucker Love me on the east like I'm Chuck D  Dominicans wish that I was born there I'm lookin to be the God MC You look at my hat and see thorns there I look at the game and see porn there  I'm fuckin this industry hard I'm baggin this money, tea-baggin your honey You'd thought I was fresh out the yard Don't cry to me dummy, you're lightweight They tell me you nice and I'm like, "wait... Go get me a knife, you're lookin like steak" And when the stakes are high, I stake out for days And where the water reside, you're Bobby Boucher But we ain't thirsty nigga, never alert me nigga I got a P89 in a suitcase I know you heard me nigga, this is a burpee nigga Lyrical exercise Right now homie, I'm in extra vibe Pipe down on the curve when you heard that I got these words To the upper echelon, that's excell-ant [Jay-Z] Up in the clouds, me and my spouse... Rumors on the ground gettin too loud Please turn them shits down (down, DOWN...) Can't hear myself think.. Turbulence, shit, I almost spilled my drink In the White House with a mink Runnin through that bitch like it's my house All up in the hall like a mall Told you motherfuckers, all I do is BALL No, I don't 'member you, I don't intend to empty my, mem-ory, bank It's a +Million Dollars+ in it, +Baby+, Hilary Swank Sittin next to Hilary smellin like dank Presidental pardon, name one nigga out there harder than him I'll WAIT... {*echoes*} ... I've been in my wave like twenty years straight I've been on my vibe like twenty years straight Don't fuck up my high~! Fuck up my high~! Nights like this, I could fuck up a pie And still be skraight (still be skraight) Fall back bitch, I got a lot on my plate Don't waste my breath... I don't know how many moons a nigga got left Back to this joint...{*inhales*}  Smokin this shit like I'm tryna prove a point I'm the highest, the highest title, numero uno Kill my, vibe, that's your motherfuckin funeral {*laughs*} [Kendrick Lamar] ...Between you and me, turn eulogy to urinals, niggaz pissed off.. I'm in this lil' 'dition shit, envision my fort Leader of the new school, on my toes like a ballerina  Who knew I'd be +Black Swan+? World in my palms, ironically I am the Globetrotters' best cause I didn't drop the ball Told niggaz when I was 16 that I'd write a 16 to put a nigga right on the big screen In the paddy wagon with 16 Should have been in the pen but now my pen writing with morphine I heal niggaz, touch down with more fiends I kill niggaz, audio crack, khakis to meal ticket Cardio lap, was runnin for dear life but now I'm runnin the map Bitch, I'm here NIGGA~! Picture little old me givin a fuck from what a fuck nigga gotta say Nigga you never be Jay, never be Nas, never be Snoop nor Dre You ain't get killed in Vegas or hit a Suburban  Nigga, Puff Daddy wasn't your favorite So many washed up with detergent But I don't dry tears, I just aim at them on purpose Like BLAP! Mini-14 like BLAP! Empty out another magazine like BLAP! Hit a young nigga, get BACK! (DOO!) I kill 'em all when they try to kill my VIBE! (DOO! DOO!) I am the bad, the good God, the last the hood got The last that would try to pass a good job If Shawn's a black Beatle then I need a ten second drum solo Bitch see you at Woodstock, ah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Cease f/ Blake C, Jay-Z, Mr. Bristal Album: Wonderful World of Cease A Leo Song: 4 My Niggaz Typed by: d_dawg123@hotmail.com [Blake C] What you sayin'? Roc-A-Fella (uh huh) Gener-al (uh huh) B.I.G. (right on) QB (that show-nuff right on) Fuck niggas wanna do, man (nothing) See, Cease A Leo (huh) I'm for the kids (right) Sometimes we gotta get gutter on this motherfuckers, y'know It's how we do it (yeah) Feel me baby? Yo, yo, stay away from 38, tech-nines and shotty I wanna move swift, but don't blow like John Gotty I'm something to watch, like the paparazzi Hard to copy, shock waves can't stop me Got dogs big as Bruce Smith to block me It's Blake on the grape, pouring ya juice, tickle your weight Just might be, politely, leave your man to ache The guns are dirty? You know I double check the safe I take it all, still be the last to escape Kick It like Q-Tip, we get it killed for a few chips Got a new whip, new house, got a new zip code Watch the stroll, little Ace A soldier that was born to roll I love God and you know I got soul To sell around the globe and more Bank than Tower Dime just rewind-a, it was hard to find her Found out my niggas got right behind her (Overlappin last line) [Mr. Bristal] Y'all niggas got dick bricks, scared to grab the fifth But I done did that, recognize the clique Back round six-four times, fellas and shit Make mils off the stories that we tellin' and shit 'Til I said to myself "My life is betta than this" I wanna party, live it up, pop Don and Cris In a lake with a waterproof on my wrist Been a professional, now I'm starting to mix We rhyme to kick tricks, for kids, I bring it where ya live Run up in your crip, tie up your wife and kids Send my man out, G, pissed off a ten-year bid We live this real street life And that's word to B.I.G. (uh) I'm the type to analyze ya (what) Move swift like Kaiser (uh) My appearance suprise ya (yeah) About 5'4", my .45 is live (uh, uh) Don't ya get live? Never judge your man by size (uh, yo) I'ma do my thang, I'ma do my thang Do I do my thang, I'ma do my thang Watch me do my thang, I'ma do my thang For my niggaz, do my thang, I'ma do my thang Uh, do my thang, I'ma do my thang Do I do my thang, I'ma do my thang Watch me do my thang, I'ma do my thang For my niggaz, Brooklyn [Lil' Cease] Yo, yo, yo, yo This my war I ride for lick one in the sky for Get back everything that my nigga die for Since his death, many steps and many left Niggas owe money, yo, niggas can't pay a penny less Cease got the squeeze, I'ma let these fuckers know BK style, my niggas Love the Dough About six hard years, eleven months ago We was all puffin' 'dro, nowhere to go Now I get dough, get low, let a slug blow Cops say "Got evidence?" Let the dog go Here's the answer, you fucking with Leo Ganza Nigga's coke so raw, you gon need a sampler Niggas better be as wise as me or die like me Or go see the board then and frown like me Got niggas takin' pictures throwin' pies on me Motherfuckers' All Eyez On Me Whatever happened to Brook-lawn? Better yet, Crook-lawn? Niggas even look wrong, niggas get hooked on Picture me making a shook song No, I know the wars we took on Niggas better get gone [Jay Z] Yeah, flow sicker on every record Watch Sean, glock nine, nigga, heavy necklace Watch mine, about to make niggas very jealous Ice in every letter, untouchable, can't fuck with duke Thug spit, arms shake, who I'm gon play With the CEO of the coke on Broadway, huh? Never heard so many choices from one man I make bitches, fuck it, I make the gun jam Flows like sniffin' a hundred grams o' Cocaine raw, rip your whole brain off, uh Make it real easy to lift your chain off BK style (what), see Jay how (uh) We don't play fair, we play foul Go head, stand there, we spray crowds Live from the 7-1-8 If there ever was one great I'm him, nigga, times three [Chorus to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Lil' Ceas and Jay-Z  Album: Hardcore Song: Big Momma Thang Typed by: lionclaw@bellsouth.net You got it goin' on, wha wha Uh, wha wha You got it goin' on, wha wha Uh, wha wha You got it goin' on, wha wha Uh, wha wha You got it goin' on, wha wha Verse One: Lil' Kim I used to be scared of the dick Now I throw lips to the shit Handle it like a real bitch Heather Hunter, Janet Jack-me Take it in the butt, yah, yazz wha I got land in Switzerland, even got sand in the Marylands Bahamas in the spring, baby, it's a Big Momma thing Can't tell by the diamonds in my rings That's how many times I wanna cum, twenty-one And another one, and another one, and another one 24 carots nigga That's when I'm fuckin wit' the average nigga Work the shaft, brothers be battin' me, and oh Don'tcha like the way I roll And play wit' my bushy Tell me what's on your mind when your tongues in the pussy Is it marriage  Baby carriage  Shit no, on a dime shit is mine Got to keep 'em comin' all the time  Chorus (Lil' Cease, Lil' Kim) Killas be quiet, my nigga bring the riots Tough talk, tough walk, shit is tired You wanna be this Queen B, but ya can't be That's why your mad at me Killas be quiet, my nigga bring the riots Tough talk, tough walk, shit is tired You wanna be this Queen B, but ya can't be That's why your mad at me Verse Two: Jay Z How B.I.G. and 'Un' trust you in the studio with me Don't they know I'm tryin' to sex you continuosly Pull a high power Coup make, you jump ship  Leave who you wit', I'm with the Roc-A-Fella crew Trip you for the cheese, tear your boom up Spread a ill Boomer, make you flip on Little Ceas Pushin backwards, get the doe from your platinum hits Rock Little Kim hats and shit I gets down and dirty for the doe I got love and Big know it He must got the studio bug Probably, as we speak he's on his way up the street With the M.A.F.I.A. thugs and all types of heat But I ain't tryin' to beef, I'm just tryin to eat Horizontally, the way I hold my iron, sweet And, no, my niggas, but I like the sound Lil' Kim and Jigga, it sound like figures Chorus Killas be quiet, my nigga bring the riots Tough talk, tough walk, shit is tired You wanna be this Queen B, but ya can't be That's why your mad at me Killas be quiet, my nigga bring the riots Tough talk, tough walk, shit is tired You wanna be this Queen B, but ya can't be That's why your mad at me Verse Three: Lil' Kim Before I caught some niggas disease, got caught with his ki's Big scooped a young bitch off her knees Threw me at high priced Beam's Face on tv's, platinum CD's Shit, I never faught Saw a nigga whah, pussy greased up Stack the g's up, keeps the knees up What the fuck, stay fillin, half a millin Geneva Diva, yeah, I throws it down Lay around, clown the clock stops for no one Never 68 and owe 1, takes one to know one Better off wit the Playboy magazines uh, fuckin' wit da Don Push the keys, G's threes for pape's Yeah, I ride crate state to state Lieutenant takes mad dimes from New York to Anaheim While you daydreamin' wine, I'll just keep gettin mine And I'm married to this Ya'll strategy misses still plannin weddin's M.A.F.I.A. also deadens all the bullshit Any type of threatens to pull shit, uh Chorus Killas be quiet, my nigga bring the riots Tough talk, tough walk, shit is tired You wanna be this Queen B, but ya can't be That's why your mad at me Killas be quiet, my nigga bring the riots Tough talk, tough walk, shit is tired You wanna be this Queen B, but ya can't be That's why your mad at me Killas be quiet, my nigga bring the riots Tough talk, tough walk, shit is tired You wanna be this Queen B, but ya can't be That's why your mad at me Killas be quiet, my nigga bring the riots Tough talk, tough walk, shit is tired You wanna be this Queen B, but ya can't be That's why your mad at me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Jay-Z Album: How Many Licks 12" (Promo) Song: Queen Bitch 2 (Remix) Typed by: chris.wilcock@btinternet.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lil' Kim] Listen to the don There's nothing you can do To make me run away from this game here, this game here And there is no emcee To put the competition to Kim no, Kim no Yes I'm telling you from the start I will break your little heart (uh huh) There's nothing you can do So just respect the don There is no word you can say That it would offend the Kim no, better listen I'm gonna, murder them, murder them Any competition I'm gon' murder them I'm gonna, blow off they whip blow off they whip All you frontin' emcees, I'm gonna, blow off your whip When I'm gone, you will appreciate my shit When I'm gone, you'll wanna spit my lyrics But I'm gwan, I'm not gon' put up with this I swear to God, you jealous niggas make me sick See, I ain't got all day Some-fuckin'-body gon' pay Got things to do and places to be I'm 'bout to take back what's owed to me Live from Bedford-Stuyvesant The livest one, we right here, we right here, we right here [Jay-Z] All y'all, let it go, no disrespectin Hov' Four years since Doubt drop, eleven million records sold Five nigga, volume two Dogs who be grinnin, then they Try to get out of line, four cases pendin' Three niggas got it coming, say May-June Six albums dropped cock-suckers stay tuned It's Jay everyday, no days off No jewels drippin' and I took the shades off You wanna ruck with me? Slug you one comfortably Put you back where your stomach should be (ill) I'm dangerous when tempted, best left alone Best believe the gun got Tourette Syndrome Beretta sounds like 'Berreepp' when it's thrown You're heading for a cold place, youngin', dress warm Too much hustle, too easy to touch you Little fucks you, go play PS Jay, PS B-R-double-O-K L-Y-N, stay out my way Me and P.S. L-I-L to the K I to the M, B.I. to the end Chorus: [The Notorious B.I.G. (sampled)] Pardon my French, but uh Sometimes I get kinda, peeved at these Weak emcees, with these Supreme balla like, lyrics I call em like I see them G You niggas sound like me Pardon my French, but uh Sometimes I get kinda, peeved at these Weak emcees Y'all niggas got some audacity You sold a million, now you half of me Get off my dick, kick it bitch [Lil' Kim] Love for BI? Then bust one in the sky Haters watch your back We might bust one in ya eye It's going down tonight So don't get outta line Enough men've tri-ed But 'nuff men-a di-ed Biggie crowned me, Miss Queen Bitch forever Even left me this thrown and an iced out tiara What?! What the fuck, who the fuck, wanna fuck With this Brooklynite bandit Blow you off the planet This girl, never troubled no-one But if you trouble this girl It gwan bring-a bum bum (wha?!) What a bum bum Repeat chorus til fade w/ Kim: Bum bum BI bum bum What a bum bum What a bum bum The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Jay-Z Album: Tha Carter III Song: Mr. Carter Typed by: numeros_uno1@hotmail.com [Intro - Lil Wayne] I feel big, ya know what I mean Like not, not big in the sense of weight You know what I mean like gaining weight Or, nothin' like that, like, COLOSSAL Know what I mean like, uhhh (sigh) I heard you were lookin' for me? [Chorus - Lil Wayne] (Hey Mr. Carter) Hello (Tell me where have you been?) Eheh, You know (Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) They've been wondering why?) I know, eheh (Hey Mr. Carter) Hey, Hello (Tell me where have you been?) Shitt, you know (Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) They've been wondering why?) Hahaha [Verse 1 - Lil Wayne] Yeah To you forever, from me to you I heard somebody say "Chuuch!" I'ma need a suit I'ma need a Coupe, I won't need a roof Flyer then Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice I got the flow, I'm tryna see the roof Didn't wear a buttletproof, so I got shot and you can see the proof Blind eyes could look at me and see the truth Wonder if Stevie do? But I'ma leave it to God, not Beaver, neither you Cause I'ma murder Y, kill O and even U Man, I got Summer hatin' on me cause I'm hotter then the Sun Got Spring hatin' on me cause I ain't never sprung Winter hatin' on me cause I'm colder than ya'll And I would never, I would never, I would never fall I'm being hated by the seasons So fuck ya'll who hatin' for no reason [Chorus - Lil Wayne] (Hey Mr. Carter) I am him! (Tell me where have you been?) Around the world and I'm back again! (Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Who's been askin' 'bout me? They've been wondering why?) Incase ya wonder-erin'! Hah! (Hey Mr. Carter) I am him! (Tell me where have you been?) Around the world now I'm back again! (Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Who's been askin' 'bout me? They've been wondering why?) Incase ya wonder-erin'! Ha [Verse 2 - Lil Wayne] Yeah I been in and out the bank bitch While ya'll asshole niggas been on the same shit I flush 'em, and watch 'em go down the drain quick Two words you never hear "Wayne Quit!" Cause Wayne win, and they lose I call 'em April babies, cause they fools And when they snooze, We up! Feet up like a, Parap-liguck Or, paraplegic? I parallel park In that red and yellow thing, old school Atlanta Hawk Like I'm from Colli' Park, but I'm from Holleygrove Now all my bloods scream "Zoowoo! and Dadda-do!" I know my role, and I play it well And I wear it well, on my libra scale I suck a pussy, fuck a pussy leave it there I don't want it, I don't even care [Chorus - Jay-Z] Young! (Hey Mr. Carter) I am him! (Tell me where have you been?) Around the world now I'm back again! (Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Who's been askin' 'bout me? They've been wondering why?) Incase ya wonder-erin'! (Hey Mr. Carter) I am him! (Tell me where have you been?) Around the world now I'm back again! (Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Who's been askin' 'bout me? They've been wondering why?) Incase ya wonder-erin'! [Verse 3 - Jay-Z] Shyea I'm right here, in my chair With my crown and my dear Queen B, as I share Mic time with my heir Young Carter, go farther Go further, go harder Is that not why we came? And if not, then why bother? Show no mercy ta Murcilagos Far from being the bastard that Marcy had fathered Now my name's been mentioned with the Martyrs The Biggie's and the Pac's, and the Marley's and the Marcus' Garvey, got me a molotov cocktail Flow, even if you box well, can't stop the blows Kaboom! The Roc Boy in the room The Dopebwoyy just came off the spoon Also, I'm so fly I'm on auto- Pilot, where guys just, stare at my wardrobe I see Euros, that's right, plural I took so much change from this Rap game it's your go Young! (Hey Mr. Carter) [Verse 4 - Lil Wayne] It's my go, yeah And I'ma go so opposite of soft Off the richter, Hector Camacho Man Randy Savage Above status, quo, flow, so, pro I know, I ride slow and when I pass They say "Whaddup killa man?" Stop bringing up my past And next time you mention Pac, Biggie, or Jay-Z Don't forget Weezy baby! [Chorus - Lil Wayne] (Hey Mr. Carter) Amen (Tell me where have you been?) Yeah (Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) They've been wondering why?) Haha (Hey Mr. Carter) Amen (Tell me where have you been?) Hova! (Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Weezy They've been wondering why?) Baby! (Choir - Fade to finish) (Hey Mr. Carter) Hahaha (Tell me where have you been?) I been hustlin' (Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Hustlin' hard They've been wondering why?) Chyeaa [Outro - Lil Wayne] And I swear to everything, when I leave this earth It's gon' be on both feet, never knees in this dirt And you can try me fucker, but when I squeeze it hurt Ahh, we'll lose two lives, yours and mine Gimme any amount of time, don't let Miss Carter grieve At the Funeral Parlor, drippin' tears down my sleeve Gimme any amount of time, don't let Miss Carter grieve... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The LOX f/ Jay-Z, Kelly Price Album: Let's Start Rap Over 12" Song: So Right (rmx) Typed by: Kidk777@aol.com Verse One: Styles Catch me in the Dirty South In the red porche burning out Head across seas, bout to turn it out Coming back home to a furnish house We three deep, what, and we ain't get no sleep We on the next flight, 25 a night, damn right Plan is to keep the fam tight Copping the Vipe and I ain't stopping at the light Can't see the dice, ice to bright Heard he with a pretty chick, you a idiot Get a record deal and not take it serious Plan to make hits for a long period Hell of a living, shit being on television Ball i'ma score everytime there's an inning I once had had a mill and it's just the beginning Everybody want a pool, I need an ocean to swim in Chorus: Kelly Price Your love, so right (so right) It makes me want more (it makes me want more) Your fault love, so tight (so tight) You need an encore (give me an encore) Verse Two: Sheek Luchion Yeah, yeah, yeah, what up, yo, hey yo, hey yo Hey yo before I rock a show I pray to God in a huddle Sheek laid back, you know I'm bout to bubble All ya'll hate that, tryin to keep me in trouble We take things serious, ya'll do it for fun Cuz when we hit we stick like noodles when then done International despite thee, Westcoast beef I blew it down on Keenen Ivory Wayans, got the all with a grain for the pain So if we conflict you get all in yo brain You gonna play this like little kids play hoolahoop >From day til it's dark with the fat man scoop Now you spook, you heard Lox about to drop Pop the top, we got this in a can like Pringle Heard one song, now you changing up your single While I mingle, Sheek the black man gingle In a club with two mommies, that's bilangual Chorus Verse Three: Jadakiss Yeah, wha, wha, yo yo yo yo Now what ya'll think we here for? aight then Get this money, keep it tightened, right when All ya'll thought ya'll was coming to get us Cuz we lost B.I.G., but he still wit us Fooled ya'll ass, ya'll tools don't blast All we do is make hot songs and use ya'll cash I hang my plaques in the bathroom Cuz I'm sill thinking bout making a hit While I'm taking a shit Playa Haters be scraping the 6 For no reason, that don't even make no sense I'm happy they made them with bullet prrof glass tints If you want beef, see you at the Bad Boy cook out Get a new look out, pull your black book out Who you know pal for enough to distribute 2.5 and that's just the tribute Anything envolved with Benji's we with that With the good comes the bad never forget that Verse Four: Jay-Z If you ain't in it for the money then get out the game Motherfuckers better think before they spit out my name I been known to have torn shit out the frame Load up the clip and aim TEST ME! You ain't in it for the dough, yo rhyme on your block I'll hit you with an owe, and do crime on your block If you wanna sell a million, Bad Boy and the Roc You know we come through with the gleam shit blinding your block And our home be spacious, like a mil. and a dock And the platinum bracelet, try to steal and get shot Been a villain since I can remember for willing to plot Sell crack, make a million then stop FEEL ME! Yes nigga, Jay and L-O-X nigga This is for you training bra bitches whose chest got bigger It's on nigga, and the simple fact is We got this rap shit captive Chorus to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ludacris f/ Jay-Z, Nas Album: Theater of the Mind Song: I Do it for Hip Hop Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Ludacris] I do it for hip-hop... I do it for hip-hop... I do it for hip-hop... Now this is what they call poetry in motion My soul BLEEDS on the paper, heart SCREAMS with emotion It's my daily devotion, the verses stay deeper than the ocean So hip-hop you owe me a promotion! Yeah I do a little boastin and braggin What's all the commotion and naggin about? Is it 'cause I'm still the champ in the South? 'Cause rappers get in the booth and I keep draggin em out? Well they're fired, and these pink slips, I'm handin em out 'Cause this is "Theater of the Mind," consider it a sign of what's to come next, my money's just fine Bank filled with dumb checks, terrorist threat flow Proceed to drop bombs like Mr. Funk Flex But I don't do it for the money, I do it from the heart I do it with the beat box, I did it from the start I do it for the dee jays, I do it for the charts The Van Gogh flow, Luda do it 'cause it's art I do it for the fans, I do it on command I do it for the front row, I do it for the stands I spit it for the hood, I do it for the block And since nine years old I did it for hip-hop So... [Chorus: Ludacris] I don't do it for them cars and the fancy drops {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop And I don't it for the chains and the flashin rocks {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop [Nas] Uhh...uhh...uh They say I'm so low key, I'm socially awkward Only niggaz who really know me, who I talk with They smile in the light, hate in the dark You call it beef, to me, it's just a fuckin walk in the park 'Cause you are who you are when nobody's lookin That's who you are, so when the cash and the cars is gone the day after tomorrow, don't be askin to borrow Ski mask it hard, like the way you rap in your bars I can ride on you and whoever, devise new endeavors I'm as live as a hive full of predators Twenty thousand different species of bees Some have poisonous stings, some just pollen their leaves It's like rap, some just buzz, some will attack Compromise their own life in fact Sixteen years since my first sixteen Pardon the rest of my niggaz...but I'm the best who's ever did it! [Chorus: Ludacris] + (Nas) I don't do it for them cars and the fancy drops {*scratches*} (Uh! I do it for hip-hop) {*scratches*} (Yeah! I do it for hip-hop) {*scratches*} (Uh!) (Both: I do it for hip-hop) And I don't it for the chains and the flashin rocks (Why we do it kid?) {*scratches*} (I do it for hip-hop) {*scratches*} (Yeah! I do it for hip-hop) {*scratches*} (Uh! I do it for hip-hop) [Jay-Z] Hip-hop! Started out in the park We used to do it to avoid the narcs I used to do it so the homeboy Clark can get the fuck off my back while I knocked off these packs I used to rap to impress my friends To pass the time while I was gettin it in Just so happens, I'm so illegal with the pen They ain't want me doin anything illegal again I lost a lot of dogs to these streets I got Grammy awards on these beats Thank God for Kool Herc Without your shit I probably would've got merked Shout out to Grandmaster Flash and to Caz and even Jaz bum ass Hip-hop helped me wash my rocks These other rappers couldn't wash my socks That's why I took the number one slot The realest shit in rap comes from my voice box Lord knows when I was on my clock I prolly never woulda stopped, thank God for hip-hop [Chorus: Ludacris] + (Jay-Z) I don't do it for them cars and the fancy drops {*scratches*} (Uh! I do it for hip-hop) {*scratches*} (I do it for hip-hop) {*scratches*} (Both: I do it for hip-hop) And I don't it for the chains and the flashin rocks {*scratches*} (Come on! I do it for hip-hop) {*scratches*} (I do it for hip-hop) {*scratches*} (Both: I do it for hip-hop) [constant scratches of the first verse for approximately 55 seconds] [Chorus: Ludacris] I don't do it for them cars and the fancy drops {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop And I don't it for the chains and the flashin rocks {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lupe Fiasco f/ Jay-Z Album: Food & Liquor Song: Pressure Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lupe Fiasco] Roc-A-Fella, 1st AND!! Jay... Lupe! Yeah, uhh And so it seems that I'm, sewin jeans And, 1st and 15 is just a sewin machine So I, cut the pattern and I, sew in seams And, button in this hustlin then publically I'm Buddy Lee There's no bustin them and cuffin them is like usherin in the regime, they want me to make Prince pants But I withstand, I ain't gotten into that A little big in the waist, two-pocket on the back Call them Nu-vi's, O.G.'s covered in blue dye Give 'em the game, that's like givin chocolate to the fat Look, how you think I got here? That's the same game that came through where I lived as a kid in the bad luck truck and threw boxes off the back Made me a ripper, deliver like river Content a little more thicker, slicker Yeah, and they said oil and water don't mix Now they all down at the beach washin off the fish Was Blackbeard 'til I brought the Roc into your ships YEAH! It's my life, my life - everything I dooo I dooooo for you I do it all for you - everything I say you knowwww it's the truth I'll say it is the truth - I'll take all the pressure offff of you Take pressure off of you; I'll take, the pressure off of you [Lupe Fiasco] YEAH! Uhh, it's hella proper (proper) Cause it sag so low you can see boxer, like a boxer's That's the way that the Family's pants worn Then we slide, and try and put 'em on The stones in the pocket'll drag you down to Davy Jones locker Beware if you wanna Roc the Knickerbocker Other nigga from the block what, they was sellin O's like Wheel of Fortune, of imported cocaine just to feel important, it was +Do or Die+ They was tired of bein "Po' Pimps," now for sure That was just a product of my common sense I guess, I was just guessin like the consonants Momma said beware of what the devil do Tell 'em that your soul's not for sale like the W's So go ahead and pirate, the highest cannons make you leak like pirated my shhh.. It's no shhh.. it's just shhh like quiet And big homey's out of retirement [Jay-Z] Uhh, Young, uhh So the pen is mightier than the sword my lord My first picture was a line-up, now I'm on the Forbes And I still remain the artiste through thees all If you force my hand I'll be forced to "draw" If the war calls for war halls Hope you got enough space on your hall's walls I make niggaz murals, then escape the bureau's investigation, out in Europe on vacation I'm back for these puppies with the pound boy (Blaow) Here's a round boy (blaow blaow) down boy Sound boy, you don't wanna soundclash loud noise leave niggaz paranoid if not paralyzed Which means you can't walk in my shoes Too much green you can't talk in my hue Extend the team, nigga holla at Lu' 1st and 15th, that's my cue, I'm through The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Angie Martinez f/ Jay-Z Album: Up Close and Personal Song: Mi Amor  Typed by: JuCeDice2001@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: Jay-Z (Angie Martinez)  How you say my love in spanish? (Mi amor)  (How you say my love in thug) Can I hit it raw?  In the backseat of my jeep, or maybe on the floor  (Easy papi) Nah mami, teach me more  (Trteme especial means treat me special)  I ain't got no time for that now, dame un beso (Wanna keep a good girl like I told you before)  (Easy papi) Yeah, teach me more  [Jay-Z] I like fast cars, I love faster chicks  You don't need a small waist, I take ass and tits Love chicks that deep throat, love bein left alone  on a Sunday afternoon with the remote  Love havin my cake plus eatin it too  Shit, I got cake what the fuck I'm 'posed to do  Like chicks to dress, but I love a good shoe  Sophisticated mama with love for the hood too  Love sexin girls on that boricua shit  Love black girls that's when the Levi's fit Chicks that play hard to get on that Aaliyah shit  If at first I don't succeed, then believe I split  Can you blame me? Young buck, dirty-ass pops trained me  Moms allowed it, daddy was about it (Bout it) Game got inherited  Mama said if you find love you better cherish it  Teach me!  [Angie Martinez] I like to slow dance, I like to romance  I like to.. stroll through the park holdin hands  Ask me how my day was, tell me "Ma lookin pretty"  On Sundays in the cut watchin "Sex and the City"  Havin long talks and good lovin in the mornin Walk them dogs when my body is callin Flesh air force cuts a wound with a line  No stress of course, cause I don't have the time Like to wine and dine but please hold your liquor, cuz  I'm rollin with ya and I hate a silly nigga Like 'em rough and rugged, love it when you tug it  You buggin out of line on that thug shit is nothin Dealt with cats before that I had to train  Dealt with cats that's poor and a cat with fame  One who played basketball and I had more game  So por favor, papi stay in your lane  The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mase f/ Jay-Z, Lil' Cease Album: Harlem World Song: Cheat On You Typed by: jannunz@netaxis.com Sample: Don't Stop Till You Get Enough Yo, yo Yo, if you gonna hit niggas' girl Just expect niggas to hit your girl  And that's it 112 help me say [112] 1 - 	If she got with you when 	She already had a man 	Why wouldn't she cheat on you 	(Why wouldn't she cheat on you) 	If she got with you when 	She already had a man 	Why wouldn't she cheat on you 	(Why wouldn't she cheat on you) [Mase] Mase, come on If I'm in the streets or I'm in my jeep And I wit my peep, ex know not to speak See it's all good, and it's all sweet All women flirt, all women cheat So I might spend a week down in Virginia Beach Out or in the sheets blaze plenty freaks Be the bad boy everybody wanna meet Practice what I preach, never caught when I cheat If I ain't work late, I say I was wit my peeps And quick to tell a hoe, yo I ain't get the beep And all these girls is quite the same So it ain't your pencil, it's how you write your name Repeat 1 [Lil' Cease] Ain't nobody hotter than the jam, don dada Been around the world with girls at Ramada Never been the one that chick, lotta scotta, protta And yo when Cease got a girl he gotta Though I love a ghetto girl that keep her doobie fly 39 in my Benz them niggas and super size  Girl talk slick but I see through the lies You don't got TV, whatcha mean who am I If you knew what I knew, you wouldn't be givin' her pearls If you know that she cheap why you live with the girl Half you cats couldn't live in my world Cuz you couldn't picture another nigga hittin' your girl (what?) Repeat 1 [Jay-Z] Is it because my game is stronger, name last longer On the brain like a whole eighth but can Chicks stop, mesmerize rub up on they tetas Like push up bras, who you dealin' with ma, he's jigga You know the rawest, ice is flawless baby Nice is lawless, recite for balla's And I fools ya'll fake players every time Cuz you only hit chicks that you think is mine You know how I paid his due, but I'm unfatable Mommy screamin' pappi can I skate wit you They wanna ride wit me, stay fly wit me Wanna help me get rid of my rivalries Wanna be the ebony to my ivory But I'm straight though, thanks ma, I only chase dough We can lay for tonight but in the mornin' I get Shirley Murdock, I hope your door slam lock, I'm gone Repeat 1 [Mase] Yo, you can't think you gonna be cheatin and the girl ain't gonna cheat Just like you cheat, they could cheat  And I just think, you a fool if you think girls don't cheat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mavado f/ Jay-Z Album: On the Rock (Remix) 12" Song: On the Rock (Remix)  Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.Com [Intro: Mavado] (Jay-Z) Selassie I!!!! Baby G! Yaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyy!  (HOV! Everybody in the buildin put your diamonds up right now!) Oh lord oh lord oh lord!!! My name is so excellent, G.O.D. said (I lean on the buidlin!!!!) Selassie I! Yeaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyy!!!! [Chorus:Mavado] (*Jay-Z) Jehovah guide me, be my guidance pray for salvation for me Jehovah guide me, be my guidance no they could never stop me I'm on the rock (Im on the rock) Higher than I an I (Higher than I an I) (*I don't give a fuck! Pray for my enemies don't pray for me!) Jehovah guide me! I am on the rock (I am on the rock) (*Me against the world, last man standin I like my chances) Go tell my enemies! I'm on the rock!!!!!!!! (*You see me in a fight with the bear pray for the bear!) Selassie guide me!!! And a me dem caan stop! (*I'll hold this shit down by myself if I got to Guru! We all we got!) I will never look back! (Look how much ting dem!) [Verse 1: Jay-Z] Lord Jesus please be my savior Lord knows I got a whole lot of haters But I, dust 'em off, I dust 'em off My mind too strong and my nine too long I reach any pillow you put your little mind on (RAH!!!) I dust 'em off (RAJH!!!) I dust 'em off Hold up! You dealin with professionals So unless you know, war tactics walk backwards Auto-matic, come across your chest like Catholics Hail Mary, We'll bury anyone of you motherfuckers hear me! Welcome to the ROC, It ain't never gonna stop Rudeboys put your lighters up, rudegirls throw your diamonds up How the fuck they gonna stop old boy? I don't even have to write this up God knows he got a hell of a flow Where I be without it they don't wanna know Therefore from the grace of the lord Now my face grace the cover of The Forbes BLOODCLAAT!!! You ain't got to love ROC You gotta respect the way I bake the cake nigga lift nuff shots I am the ROC, shit I started the ROC Shit I started with rock, target The ROC Then you targetin HOV, If you targetin HOV Then y'all outta know, that you targetin slow Shield that guides me, be my guidance No they will never stop me, RAH! RAH! RAH! [Chorus: Mavado] Jehovah guide me, be my guidance pray salvation for me Jehovah guide me, be my guidance no they could never stop me I'm on the rock (Im on the rock) Higher than I an I (Higher than I an I) Jehovah guide me! I am on the rock (I am on the rock) Go tell my enemies! I'm on the rock!!!!!!!! (Warn dem! Mi nuh go nowehere!) Selassie guide me!!! (Selassie I! Yaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!) [Outro: Mavado] Jehovah guide me, need my guidance, oh lord oh lord Your excellence in thy name inna di earth One step thy glory I found I an I!!! Crown King Selassie I dem waan fi get mi weak! But yuhn mek mi strong so mi haffi deh yah All day and all night long, I'm on the rock!  Stronger than ever! Foota Hype! (?) I'm on the rock!!! Matterhorn!!!! No no no no no!!!! Alliance fah life!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Memphis Bleek f/ Geda K, Jay-Z, Lil' Cease Album: M.A.D.E Song: 1, 2 Y'all Typed by: bklynsfinestpimp@aol.com [Into: (Memphis Bleek)] Ya know, it's the... ROC (bounce) Yea I see ya, let's go... drop one Yeah, Yo, Yo.. [Chorus: (Memphis Bleek)] 1, 2 y'all, you know I rock ya Step in the rounds of the ROC mafia 1, 2 y'all, you know I stop ya Dirty Get Low nigga we gotcha 1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh 1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh 1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh Yea... Yea... Yea [Memphis Bleek] I tote P89's on me all the time My rhymes is serious I'm kill'em every time While I'm... sunk in that 745 I am... feel like a jet when I ride (when I ride) So I ride nigga feel me on cruise control Game tight nigga lose your hoe I smoke... take a few pulls of the refer Ridin under the tint doin the duece fever Need some so I check the beeper Before B.I.G. pasted he passed the number to Katrina Get it right the game still remain And I'm married to the shit, you niggas still engaged Nothin change, twelve gauge still POP! If you niggas wanna jump at the ROC! You can come witcha BLOCK! If you want to Yea Ease the same I bet it all on dice so I could freeze the chain (now thats game) All you hoes is a show (your truck come with a chaffeur?) Ma fa'sho You know Ease the truth, they say sex is a weapon You'll be dead when I shoot [Chorus: (Memphis Bleek)] 1, 2 y'all, you know I rock ya Step in the rounds of the ROC mafia 1, 2 y'all, you know I stop ya Dirty Get Low nigga we gotcha 1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh 1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh 1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh Yea... Yea... Yea [Geda K] Yea... Yea.. It's Get Low and the ROC ain't a click out touchin'em Doe doublin bitch niggas not discussin'em Block tick rabbit when I'm finger fuckin'em Fuck a vest, tell ya boys have a bullet proof truck with'em It's Geda K the young horse, and M. Ease of course we gettin cheese Draw we don't squeeze, and SUV's on two-fours with t.v.'s Probably with your bitch, playin the backseat And you know I hit it, ain't the type to chill with it Type to get rid of and never go to the crib with her Shit, I move according to plans and still visit... park And still kick it and pick my niggas up And you know we be dro smokin, toten, loc'n Live from PR or Oakland, bitch its Get Low let me know whats up If you get it the truck get in postion to fuck I'm ghetto, Hero Flynn, hot like heroin, young pimps thoro'in I pimp through their boroughs in Ya better keep your chicks intact... cause I walk like a pimp, talk like a mack [Chorus: (Memphis Bleek) + *Lil' Cease*] 1, 2 y'all, you know I rock ya Step in the rounds of the ROC mafia 1, 2 y'all, you know I stop ya Dirty Get Low nigga we gotcha 1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh *uh huh* 1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh *Cease A Leo* 1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh Yea... Yea... Yea [Lil' Cease] Aright, check it out... check it out..Uh oh..Uh oh... Yo Code name Cease A Le, crack on the AVE BK grimmey MC, rap wreck machine My niggas on the scene with the machine guns, the infa-red beams Hand gun with silencers, ride up on the side of ya Flash this gun up in ya face like photographers (camera flash noise) Stay in the hood with ice, ain't noboby robbin us When it come to rappin ain't noboby stoppin us dog (Ha Haaa!) It's ROC mafia who live as us, Jay ridin on side, B.I.G. on top of us Get Low firing my Phillie niggas ride with us (reloading noise) Dutch this blunt up if you wanna get high with us (puffing noise) BK yo we reppin, I'm like cash... everywhere I'm accepted From Marcy to Stuy, the West to the Chi I keep it all hood till the day that I die [Chorus: (Memphis Bleek) + {Jay-Z}] 1, 2 y'all, you know I rock ya Step in the rounds of the ROC mafia 1, 2 y'all, you know I stop ya {GET LOW!!} Dirty Get Low nigga we gotcha 1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh {WOO!!} 1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh {WOO!!} 1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh {I'M DANCIN!} Yea... Yea... Yea [Jay-Z] Uh Oh.. Raps in trouble, HOV bout to double back And lock the streets again,ain't no police and him Got cops on the payroll, killers on the lay low Niggas becareful what you sayin on LayYy LowWw Are nextel radio niggas have'em at the radio before you exhale nigga The cats out the bag, but blast out the mag Send them words back in your mouth... out ya ass Talkin shit, all you get is cleaned the fuck up I ain't steamed the fuck up either Hire the team but me, myself, and I-rene I come through and lean you fucker, I'm tryin to keep niggas from killing you You still talkin shit to me, you now as smart as you appear to be I got dum-dums for dumb-dumbs I'm a right man, got a educated left hook in a right hand Fuck like whoa, got a flow like damn The new thug life be the Roc-A-Fella fam No disrespect intended But if you offended can't take it back... handle your business I'm just staten facts, the whole worlds against us And we will not surrender, and we will survive Turn out ya lights like Teddy Penta-Grass Get ready for the coldest winter ass, I proceed.. [Chorus: (Memphis Bleek)] Yea, Yo, Yo.. 1, 2 y'all, you know I rock ya Step in the rounds of the ROC mafia 1, 2 y'all, you know I stop ya Dirty Get Low nigga we gotcha 1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh 1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh 1, 2 y'all (y'all) uh Yea... Yea... Yea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Memphis Bleek f/ Jay-Z Album: The Understanding  Song: All Types of Shit  Typed by: AnimlThg99@aol.com Yo yo [Verse 1- Memph]  I swear to God I'm addressin all types of shit  Tote big guns, with all types of clips  See those cars I be in, all types of whips  All those whores I got, all types of chicks  See those sneaks I rock, all types of kicks  In the double xl, in all types of flicks  On my two way pager, typin' shit  I made alot of records, all type of hits  I was told to get dough, all types of chips  Flip weed, coke, dough, all types of bricks  I've been overseas, on all types of trips My coke come on a boat, all types of ships Catch me on La Cienega, S type and shit  The new CL, type s and shit  And I bust guns at all types of clicks  Took four and made all types of flips, motherfucker  We got the S class, the Cadillac, and excel We blowin up y'all, we got all types of V's  We got the chocolate, Hawaiian skunk, and purple haze  Roll it up y'all, we got all types of trees  We got the 4-4, the glock nine, and bright ghost  We throw it up y'all, we got all types of guns  We got the pesos, the dolla bills, the yen and mar  Throw it up y'all, we got all types of ones  [Verse 2-Memph]  Fuckin wit these records, I made all types of deals  Fuckin wit these wild dudes, i tote all types of steel  Fuckin wit these streets, Im in all types of beef  And now, that I'm on, i got all types of creeps  Movie stars, chickenheads, all types of freaks  Hydro, chocolate, all types of trees  Bentleys, widebodies, all types of v's  Yamaha's, snowmobiles, all types of skis  Know Bleek done it all, all types of things  Know the squad rock ice, all types of bling  And I learnt from the best, all types of vets  You know I throw it up, on all types of sets  And you know I hear it all, all types of hate  But Bleek benchpress all types of weight  When my shit drop, I'm gonna get all types of scans  And rap the logo on all types of vans, motherfucker  [Chorus 2x]  [Jay-Z]  Yea man, it's Young Hova  Coolin out, young Memph Bleek, you know? Wha ya niggaz need man?, whacha do, wha ya 'vice man?  You smoke, drink, do dope man, got dat shit man  Wha'cha hoes wanna see us in, suv's, coupes, drops?  We got all dat shit man  Wha'cha like man, wha'cha u wanna see us in, five, ten bedrooms?  We sleep in twenty, we sleep in twenty, man  Wha'cha need, movie theaters, duplexes, triplexes, we got that man  Wha'cha wanna see us in, rocawear furs, holla man  Ma, what you wanna see us in?  [Girl Talking]  yo, you know what I need to see u in  I need to see you in some briefs  *music stops*  [Jay-Z]  Briefs!?  *singing*  No we don't do that..hahaha....holla! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Memphis Bleek f/ Beanie Sigel, Jay-Z Album: The Understanding Song: Change Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Beanie Sigel] You bout to witness somethin like no other The sky gon' get dark, streets gon' clutter Weak-ass niggaz out there gon' suffer Vets gon' quit, it's gettin hectic (uhh) The shit got deep - right about the time when the year skipped a beat, that's when my shit hit the street Shit gon' shake up, squads gon' break up Coats gon' get pulled, niggaz gon' wake up Everybody want see a chance to eat and chance the streets, you know they gon' 'vance police Like the time they shackled me from hands to feet cause I gave the jail system, a chance to speak You know the cops wanna trap me up, the block wanna clap me up It won't stop 'til they wrap me up (E'rything signed and sealed nigga)  Gat be tucked, heat gon' back me up R.O.C. - Bleek come on nigga, back me up {*beat changes*} [Memphis Bleek] Yeah.. yo.. Aiyyo Memph the young God, boss of this game Got my part locked, I does my thang Don't mistake me, I tote them thangs Glock fo' pop off, knocks off thangs Whole squad here, you know my click Petit nice thing, you know my bitch Wide body truck, you know my whip Cop that rock that pop that shit y'all niggaz, talk about, ain't really got Me, I think dog, you not really hot The hood I be, I stay in the drop My hood, yo' hood, I'll lock any block East to West Coast, Chi-Town baby I come through, it's my town baby A.T.L., I yell "Whattup my baby?" Hit that, get that, bye bye baby! {*beat changes*} [Jay-Z] Uh-huh uhh.. Guess who? Young Hov' Bout to tear this motherfucker DOWN! Holla at me! It goes.. uhh Jigga Man huh, it goes.. Nah! Y'all niggaz ain't gon' have me rappin on the bullshit man I.. I need some real music So when we count to three and shit Ya gonna drop some real shit One, two, three - let's go! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Memphis Bleek f/) Jay-Z Album: 534 Song: Dear Summer Typed by: tssingh@ualberta.ca [Jay-Z] Dear summer, I know you gon' miss me For we been together like Nike Airs and crisp tees S dots with polo fleeces Purple label shit with the logo secret Gimme couple years, shit I might just sneak in A couple words and like peaches and herb We'll be reunited and it feels so hood Have the whole world saying "How you still so good?" Well I do this in my slumber summer I ain't none of these half-assed newcomers, you know how I do summer I drop heat, when you bring the sun up The combo make niggaz act up, I pick the gun up Niggaz back up; they know I'm not no fronter I don't talk shit, I just flip it +Un+ ya Sorry Lance, I'm just trying to advance my quotes I ain't making you the butt of my jokes But let's not stray from what I came to say To my beloved, think we need some time away They say if you love it, you should let it out its cage And fuck it, if it comes back you know it's there to stay It's tugging, at my heart, but this time apart is needed From the public, who should've gave me the pulitz' Instead gave me they ass to kiss But you know me, thugging 'til the casket dips But still shine light down on all my peers I know they weird... some queer, I still want them to share And all the success I received, I know you can't believe I still love 'em but they don't love me They like the drunk uncle in your family You know they lame, you feel ashamed, but you love 'em the same It's like when niggaz make subliminal records If it ain't directed directly at me, I don't respect it You don't really want it with Hov, for the record I put a couple careers on hold, you could be next kid Keep entering the danger zone You gon' make that boy Hov put your name in a song If you that hungry for fame, motherfucker c'mon Say when, take ten paces and spin But on another note, 'bout to take another vaca' On another boat, goddamn a motherfucker rode His way out the hood, and I pray that I stay out for good But any day you know a nigga could Try and play like he Suge, then I gotta play like Dutch Schultz You pass the dutchie, I blast you, trust me Niggaz can't fuck with me I'm in a good mood, you lucky, I got a good groove And I ain't trying to fuck my thing up But I will lay down a couple green bucks, get you cleaned up Now I'm +Pulp Fiction+, Colt four-fifth and Young niggaz that blast for me/blasphemy, no religion [talking] Listen here summer baby, I just believe it's the right thing to do I got a brand new bitch, corporate America She showing me a lot of action right now And I know you put me on my feet and all, but I mean, it's time for me to grow You gotta let me go baby, you gotta let me go I'm done for now, so one for now Possibly forever, we had fun together But like all good things, we must come to an end Please show the same love to my friends Dear summer The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Memphis Bleek f/ Jay-Z Album: The Understanding Song: Do My Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Jay-Z] Turn that motherfucker louder It's the Roc in this motherfucker.. bi-otch! Oh yeah, bounce, uh uh bounce Yeah, yeah bounce, come on Oh come on bounce, come on Do my ladies run this motherfucker? (Yeah, yeah, come on) Or do my thugs run this motherfucker? (Yeah, yeah, come on) [Hook: Memphis Bleek] Do my ladies run it, fat asses and flat stomachs Throw a hand in the air if it's the year of the woman Or my dogs run it, let 'em know that you still gunnin Throw a drink in the air let 'em know you still thuggin [Memphis Bleek] Yo I come through, few of my man's, scoop you and your friends You, you, and you with the Timbs In tight jeans, Chinese eyes, Indian hair Black girl ass, let me pour you a glass of Belvi Tell me all about your past Let me console your soul while I palm your ass And your man did what? He ain't give you? He cheated with her, I can't diss duke I tell you this though, get with this dude I'll teach you about dough, and show you what this do (It's a secret society, all we ask is trust) But I don't freeze wristes, I just skeeze bitches Break up happy homes, just sieze misses You'll never get her back, once you get a yap How you love that? .. How you love that? [Jay-Z] Do my ladies run this motherfucker? (Yeah, yeah, come on) Or do my thugs run this motherfucker? (Yeah, yeah, come on) [Hook] [Memphis Bleek] Ay yo back woods rollin, rap you can't hold 'em ROC gear matchin, crusin through Manhattan Bleek is chillin, Murda is chillin What more can I say? We still killin em Bags we still dealin em, four wheels, we wheelin them Chicks like I'm feelin him - yeah ma, okay Black jeans and Timberlands give em adrenaline rush Ladies know the difference between them niggas and us We the R-O-C, and we don't stop They don't make a gun that we don't pop Matter fact they don't make a car that we don't drop Thought you knew they don't make jewels that we don't cop What you knew? You actin' like the ROC ain't hot Or the car that I cop ain't missin' a top And even if they don't make drops that kind I tear da roof off like I'm Busta Rhymes motherfucker [Jay-Z] Do my ladies run this motherfucker? (Yeah, yeah, come on) Or do my thugs run this motherfucker? (Yeah, yeah, yeah) Come on, come on [Hook] [Jay-Z] Do my ladies run this motherfucker? (Okay) Or do my thugs run this motherfucker? (Uh-huh, okay, uh-huh) Come on, come on It's the R-O-C, we don't stop It's the R-O-C, we don't stop It's the R-O-C, we don't stop Uh Memp Bleek, The Understanding niggas Get your mind right, ha-ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Memphis Bleek f/ Jay-Z Album: M.A.D.E Song: Everything's a Go Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Just Blaze] Just Blaze! [Chorus - Memphis Bleek] Everything's a go! And I just washed the wheel, and I Armor All the wheels And it's real, everything's a go! New jeans, new cheese's, new gat, gimme a reason Everything's a go! Squad in the club wit me Tryna find a chick to fall in love wit me Everything's a go! Mami hit me on the jack Told me meet her at the spot, and I'm bout to call her back, its a go! [Verse 1 - Memphis Bleek] Bleek come scoop you, try to seduce you Half Black and Chinese, she gave me the fu-fu A little bit of that, wan-tan soup From the hood, got more chips then wan-tan oooooooh! But matter fact, got more chesse than nacho Not from rap, when I used to fuck wit Pancho I'm in the class, all by myself Now you haters wanna crowd my space Hundred grand all in your face, motherfucker better fix ya face For they butterfly-stich ya face If ya bitch outta line, put the bitch in place If the record sound +Just+ get the +Blaze+, nigga Put in back, on the block for motherfuckers The ROC get hot, let 'em scream "It's the ROC, in ya area!" You better warn ya folks They hate to see a real clique, but now [Chorus] w/ (Jay-Z ad-libs) [Verse 2 - Jay-Z] Highest paid act, highest paid to rap I advance myself, and pay myself back Ha, man you gotta love that When them pockets on "E" man you gotta hug that Corner like you wanna proposal and lock that Kill a nigga for the scrilla man I'm not above that [Memphis Bleek] Hooo! hold on Young, let me get it back You got beef in these streets, Lord, let me get a gat Booooy! you now tuned into the greatest Can't beat us, join us, can't fade us, hate us Nigga it's nothin, my crew and half dozens That's cause we scramble, like we Vick's half cousins Booooy! and get ya mind right nigga We gon' put you on the news, you want lime light nigga Channel 2 or Channel 4, you know what 9 like nigga Groupie men, we put on UPN [Verse 3 - Memphis Bleek] One - thug in the club, two - models to go Three - bottles of Arma', four jars of dro Five shots to draw, my six hits took off Seven you make Heaven, or eight - everything's a go! Mami got that ice in ya drink Long legs short skirt, what you mean - everything's a go! My thugs outdie of the club wit Timbs Nine on ya waist, let's roll we gettin in (Everything's a go!) Nigga I'm back for, I'm willin to clap boy You holdin me back for - go! I - spring into ac-tion, Brooklyn I'm back for I'm bringin it back boys cause.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Memphis Bleek f/ Jay-Z, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: The Understanding Song: Is That Yo Chick? * Typed by: ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com * edited single; new remix of track from Jay-Z +IMPORT+ "Volume 3" [Jay-Z] R-O-C Memph Bleek do it again Jigga man, yeah (Yeah, yeah) Missy, sho' nuff [Memphis Bleek] Yo check it now, yo Yo Hov' chose I -- I ain't gonna lie What I look like turnin down cho-cha? Drove by, smoked the lye Recognize a pimp, open your eyes Hop in the passenger side of the ride Damn Bleek, can't speak Uh-huh, okay, what's up, SHUT UP And close the door Act like you been in the drop top On the open road before Fix your weave, then fix me Ever gave head doin 160? Ever seen a pair of kicks this crispy How you like the way the white wifebeat fit me M-dot, him hot, them not (That's gangsta) [Missy] Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thighs Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she beeping him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Bleek and them, bitch [Jay-Z] Uh, yo don't get mad at me I don't love 'em I fuck 'em I don't chase 'em I duck 'em I replace 'em with another one You had to see she keep calling me BIG (And another one!) And my name is Jay-Z She be all on my dick Gradually I'm taking over your bitch Coming over your shit Got my feet up on you sofas, man I mean a hostess for my open hand You coming home to dishes and empty soda cans I got your bitch in my Rover man I never kiss her, I never hold her hand In fact I diss her I'm a bolder man I'mma pimp her, it's over man When I twist her in the Gold sedan Like I'm Goldie man, you've been chosen man Jigga man, ice burg with the frozen hands Wedding bands don't make it rosey man [Missy] Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thighs Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she beeping him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Bleek and them, bitch [Memphis Bleek] Yo.. how dumb the pimp? I heard he trick Bought a new five, maybe six Copped that for his new down bitch And I was diggin that down since '96 Memph-Man I'll take your bitch Let her do her thing, give brain in the whip And you know how it go when it come to the hoes She can do the same thing to the click you know Yo hoe chose, don't get mad at me Got your wife callin me daddy Put her out on the street let her get that cheese My bad is that your freak But you know how a thug do When a nigga hit that, it's fuck you Keep it snug, tre deuce in the boot Niggas wanna act, fuck a slut too [Missy] Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thighs Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she beeping him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Bleek and them, bitch Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thighs Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she beeping him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Bleek and them, bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Memphis Bleek f/ Jay-Z, Missy Elliott, Twista Album: The Understanding Song: Is That Your Chick (The Lost Verses) Typed by: ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Jay-Z] R-O-C Memph Bleek Jigga man Missy, Twista sho' nuff Yeah, yo Don't get mad at me I don't love 'em I fuck 'em I don't chase 'em I duck 'em I replace 'em with another one You had to see she keep calling me BIG (And another one!) And my name is Jay-Z She was all on my dick Gradually I'm taking over your bitch Coming over your shit Got my feet up on you sofas, man I mean a hostess for my open hand You coming home to dishes and empty soda cans I got your bitch up in my Rover man I never kiss her, I never hold her hand In fact I diss her I'm a bolder man I'mma pimp her, it's over man When I twist her in the Gold sedan Like I'm Goldie man, you're bitch chose man Jigga man, iceberg with the frozen hands wedding bands don't make it rosy man [Missy] Oh is that your chick Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your chick? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thigh Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your chick? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your chick? Why she beeping him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Bleek and them, trick [Memphis Bleek] Yo check it now, yo, yo Your hoe chose I I ain't gonna lie What I look like turnin' down chocha Drove by, smokin' lye Recognize a pimp, open your eyes Hop in the passenger side of the ride Damn Bleek, can't speak Uh-huh, okay, what's up, SHUT UP And close the door Act like you been in the drop top On the open road before Fix your weave, then fix me Ever gave head doing 160? Ever seen a pair of kicks this crispy How you love how the white wife beater fit me M-dot, him hot, them not (That's gangsta) [Missy] Oh is that your chick Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your chick? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thigh Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your chick? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your chick? Why she beeping him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Bleek and them, trick [Twista] Tha Jigga and Twista got 'em screaming Like a demon fiending for the semen Chrome gleaming like the dome off Keenan Gone while I'm leanin' smoking I'm whip it in the stomach Your bitch on the passenger side of me flashing your money Why you acting so funny? You know she been flirting while your working Behind the curtain knuckles jerking for certain Poppin' that pussy Sweatin' till no fluid is left When I come in the party with J we gonna do it to death You gon' ruin your rep Trippin' while we pimpin' these hefers Playa lectures got me shining like a new Gator stepper Must have been mad When your ho put my stuff in the dash Bust in her ass To climax I come up with a nab The game don't stop Legit ballers bending up the block Niggas rushing, coming at us cause of status and props Sucking and fucking, loving it when I put tha dick up inside her Can't help it if she yellin' with a ridah [Missy] Oh is that your chick Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your chick? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thigh Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your chick? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your chick? Why she beeping him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Bleek and them, trick [Jay-Z] Yo, yo Why you home alone, why she out with me? Room 112, hotel balcony How she say Jay you can call the house for me? There's no respect at all You betta check her dawg She keep beggin' me to hit it raw So she can have my kids and say it was yours How foul is she? And you wifed her Shit, I put the rubber on tighter Sent her home, when she entered home You hugged her up What the fuck is up? She got you whipped, got your kids Got your home, but that's not your bitch You share that girl, don't let 'em hear daddy Earl It'll make 'em sick that his favorite chick Ain't saving it, unfaithful bitch [Missy] Oh is that your chick Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your chick? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thigh Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your chick? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your chick? Why she beeping him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Bleek and them, trick [Memphis Bleek] Yo how dumb the pimp? I heard he trick Bought a new five, maybe a six Copped that for his new down bitch And I was digging that down since '96 shit Memph man I'll take your bitch Let her do her thing, give brain in the whip And you know how it go when it come to the hoes She can do the same thing to the clique you know Your hoe chose, don't get mad at me Got your wife callin' me daddy Put her out on the street let her get that cheese My bad is that your freak But you know how a thug do When a nigga hit that, it's fuck you Keep it snug, tre deuce in the boot Niggas wanna act, get a motherfuckin' slug too [Missy] Oh is that your chick Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your chick? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thigh Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your chick? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your chick? Why she beeping him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Bleek and them, trick [Jay-Z] Cool out homie You betta keep her away from my balling clique Keep her out of nightclubs all in the mix From hanging out with chicks who be swallowing dicks From catz who order Cris play the floor with the Knicks That can only lead to something unfortunate Hot boy like Jigga man scorch your bitch Play the floor dot Jigga man go first Then we all rock cause we all hot You know the boys from the Roc got them whores on lock Got them bitches in the smash Making yours drive fast Cause we get more cash than the average nigga All dem hoes like damn I gotta have this nigga Cause I'mma hot black, how in the hell can you stop that You would fuck mine How the hell can you knock that? I'm just playing the cards choosenly Jigga man who ya supposed to be? [Missy] Oh is that your chick Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your chick? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thigh Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your chick? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your chick? Why she beeping him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Bleek and them, trick The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Memphis Bleek f/ Beanie Sigel, Jay-Z Album: M.A.D.E Song: Murda Murda Typed by: YoungGunner113@cs.com [Jay-Z] (Scratchin) (Chi-chi, chi, chilly chill) It's gangsta, turn the music up, uh, ch'eah Yea, we back on that gangsta, gangsta shit Shit, they just wanna play the motherfuckin game We don't give a fuck but Swizz'll lit up somethin on you niggas (Chi-chi, chi, chilly chill) let's go [Chorus] (Jay-Z) I'm from murder, murder Marcyville My nigga you heard I clap you, I certainly will With my South Philly motherfucka kill at will Bet the nine milli make you niggas (Chilly chill) Yea, murder murder, Marcyville My nigga you heard we clap you, we certainly will With my South Philly motherfucka kill at will Bet the nine milli make you niggas (Chilly chill) [Jay-Z] I feel like a felon with two strikes, mad bullshit in this life I done seen everythin but Christ Luckily I'm just off the basement You niggas just bullshittin with bars, the boys you got just tryin my patience Like, I don't carry around banana clips like groceries With a presence that make em don't wanna get em close to me Talk about we suppose to be brothers Don't make me laugh, motherfucka you chose to be On the side opposin me, no matter what culture you be From, Young Hova light your ass up exposively A lil' use K for ya, pour out the P-A for ya Had to bring y'all like back in the day for ya They don't respect nothin else, they somethin else Two guns with sons will get inside yourself Loose two lungs, bullets'll get inside your health Will take the wind outta yourself, like so Niggas for truely in a war with yours truly While they emulating shit they saw in the Art Of War movie But I'm the writer of Sun Tzu, so whatever son do I do better, more lyrics, way more cheddar Catch me if you can, I'm the gingerbread man Keep pumpin em up make me injure bre-thren Niggas is tryna capitalize of Hov Like I don't realize, I see the demons inside of they souls Niggas is dreamin to sell what I sold Fuckers is fiendin to held what I hold I just know what I know, they respect me all across the globe Although, I'm from [Chorus] (Jay-Z) I'm from murder, murder Marcyville My nigga you heard we clap you, we certainly will South Philly motherfucka kill at will Bet the Mack milli make you niggas (Chilly chill) Murder murder, Marcyville My nigga you heard we clap you, we certainly will My nigga South Philly motherfucka kill at will Bet the Mack milli make you niggas (Chilly chill) [Memphis Bleek] Uh, uh huh, yea, yo, yo It ain't nothin to double clips, trust the fifth could be toss Niggas poppin their shit, they startin ta piss me off Bitches and bitch niggas tryna ride against homie So fuck them and the Originator of Sophie The gat spit rapid, duel actions Look I'm nice with the fifth the moments when you bastard get sick I'm from the ghetto is turf where the metal do work My ER eight grade, they had the errors since birth Me and the God spittin, you know police come chalk ya It's like you peep this and I'm the young A. Walker Fuck it, I'm ridin with Sig, you niggas is sweet Collidin with Cam and I'm throwin with Free Geda K's the co-d, young boss Until we State Property, we spit in the Taurus Fuck it, H in the pen, huh You know we bang where we from nigga, H to the pen It's nothin [Chorus] (Jay-Z) I'm from murder, murder Marcyville My nigga you heard we clap you, we certainly will South Philly motherfucka kill at will Bet the Mack milli make you niggas (Chilly chill) Yea, murder murder, Marcyville My nigga you heard we clap you, we certainly will My nigga South Philly motherfucka kill at will Bet the Mack milli make you niggas (Chilly chill) [Beanie Sigel] Aiyyo the South Philly motherfucka kill at will I keep my Mack Milly chilly chill You niggas' gay like that for real I move yay all day for real Boss's plaque, check the status for real Balls splat, you will lay in the ground for real All day I'ma ammo for real Clip shape like bananas for real Guerilla warfare hittin the field Six saw head splittin your grill New issue, or I might grip the Uz pistol Do more than bruise tissues Crack bone marrow, lose grisel	 Sit you down in a chair for real Forever you'll wheel around for real Listen boy, I get it down for real I clutch pound for real When I ball you touch down for real Correct tar, Brett Farve, hecklaw Cops send shots down your field Tell *Muah* leave the town for real [Chorus] (Jay-Z) I'm from murder, murder Marcyville My nigga you heard we clap you, we certainly will South Philly motherfucka kill at will Bet the Mack milli make you niggas (Chilly chill) Yea, murder murder, Marcyville My nigga you heard we clap you, we certainly will My nigga South Philly motherfucka kill at will Bet the Mack milli make you niggas (Chilly chill) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Memphis Bleek f/ Beanie Sigel, Jay-Z, H Money Album: The Understanding Song: My Mind Right (Remix) Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Jay-Z] Remix I'm sorry I ain't I ain't get right back at'cha niggas I've been a little busy with this dynasy shit But uh got my mind right, money been right I'm ready for war Young Hovah, holla yeah I got the fifth niggas You have to pick niggas off of the ground When I pick niggas off with tha pound Go get your click nigga This nigga running with clowns I'm a rich nigga I get you clipped at cost right now Niggas forget niggas as soon as your coffen off in the ground Family man, look at your kids orphans now Used to just smack rappers I'm extorting them now Taking all that's important to them now down to your bitch Nigga you sick fronting like you tougher than what you are Till the gun is coming thru the drivers side of your car Using my name in vein like I won't damage the boy You think niggas was shooting you out of canons before (I'm that nigga) Niggas is pompous, first they in Evil Kanevil jumpers Than they turning over Rovers like they want it with Hovah It's not about rich and po', nigga, it's about Richard Poe Understand I'm here to get this dough It ain't about Brooklyn or Harlem No more them it's about fame or stardom It's about being on blocks you barred from I'm setting myself apart from rappers who use other peoples names So other motherfuckers can watch 'em It's as sample as this - y'all niggas get off my dick I'll let you eat after I get off my bricks The world's most dangerous clique; R.O.C. - mind right bitch 1 - [Memphis Bleek]  I got my mind right, money right  (yeah)  Ready for war  (uh-huh)  Nigga, we ready for y'all  I got my mind right, money right  (yeah)  Ready for war  (uh-huh)  Nigga betta study your forms Repeat 1 [H Money] If there's wars with my dogs, it's war with H Act pumped and get left with a sawed off face Respect carter, respect the R.O.C or respect the shots Or respect the shots 21 thrown out the heckle or cock The Co'd's no respect for the cops Even if the park right next To the spot we setting up shop I got my mind and my cash right, a bad wife Gripping a bag tight while yall living a mad life I chase down niggas, shake down niggas Head back to the honeycomb to break down figures I love 38's but the trey pounds bigger Throw in the bank, trucks the size of tanks now nigga I don't rap for pleasure I rap for chedder Guns clap for treasure straight like that forever H, Bleek & Jay on a track together It's a wrap for y'all dog We ready for war Repeat 1 (2x) [Memphis Bleek] I keep the gun tucked nigga Which one of you tough Which one of think you can go around with the pump My clique for real I ain't gotta talk no more One in the leg, bet he won't walk no more Ladies love me, why? Cuz I give em backshots Niggas wanna throw slugs but I bust back shots It ain't even about trying to diss these niggas It's about these niggas ain't built for these niggas The R.O. yeah we simply street You niggas cotton candy you simply sweet I let the fifth spit without the red dot I point and pop, pop, pop and drop I got my mind right, money right ready for war For that doe Bleek bustin that for This how real we get deep in the streets kid The R.O.C. exclusive remix motherfucker [Beanie Sigel] I got my mind right, money right And it's not right here Who want a war? Nigga I'm right here Get mind right, your money light Don't make me come out there Snatch your whore and get it done right there Little niggas ain't ready for war Better get ready for bed Buck shot land at your head Buck shots right at your head Sit you niggas in a permanent chair Give you niggas permanent stares Shut down the party with the cut down shotti Make doctor, cut down your body Keep a hammer fuck a strong arm robbery I blast I push the gas on the road part Johnny I'm fast stay on the road so the law can't find me In some quiet town tying it down That's right Mac still supplying it now By the pounds, stop trying it now I got my mind right nigga Artist: Memphis Bleek f/ Amil, Jay-Z Album: The Understanding Song: P.Y.T. Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Memphis Bleek] Yeah motherfuckers That's what y'all want right That ol' gangsta, that ol' gangsta Check it out now yo, yo All I need, bomb ass freak nigga Hold me down nigga Hold my heat shit Stash a brick, blast the clip Gangsta shit, yo I need me a straight down girl, get down girl One to hold me down, one I can count on I'll even teacher how to load the glocks Sophisticated school girl Be on my block Rocking braclets, anklets the basics Petite nice body, skin and face sick One I could shop with Go uptown and cop with She not a thug girl but my down chick She know how to roll the weed but dont smoke She know how to cook the coke and bag dope Screen my calls Flip on me when im wrong Talk shit thru the night Throw it on me on the morning She like it from the back With my fingers in her hair I love it in any position Ma I dont care She like when I shine up them jewels that blind her And drive by the projects while a nigger hollar [Jay-Z] I let her drive the V She's my pretty young thing I let her ride with me She's my pretty young thing Rap or robbery My pretty young thing She's my gangsta bitch I let her drive the V She's my pretty young thing I let her ride with me She's my pretty young thing Rap or robbery She's my pretty young thing She's my down ass bitch [Memphis Bleek] Yo you know how I do Dillinger duece duece One in the sleeve one in the construction boots My shorty, tote two, that's what she do One in her purse and one in her Gucci goose I keep her Prada down Bitches wanna hollar now She back out the step When yo niggers crowd around Thats my road dog And you know I unload for her She hold me down anytime I call for her Like at the time when I crashed the Jag She brought the Yukon 2000 black Through a screen and a DVD Twenites on the truck that'll piss you off In return I sent her on a tour thru Sacks With tengrand shoping spree to get back I brought her a five that look nice when she drive Put a glock on the dash Watch the stash nigga [Jay-Z] I let her drive the V She's my pretty young thing Let her ride with me She's my pretty young thing Rap or robbery My pretty young thing She's my gangsta bitch I let her drive the V My pretty young thing Let her ride with me She's my pretty young thing Rap or robbery My pretty young thing Yeah she's my down ass bitch [Memphis Bleek] Ay yo I ride for my lady Die for my lady Hold my 380 baby This what the game made me Ima hustler, love it or not I be thuggin, huggin the block Glock bustin running from cops [Amil] Uh I'm right beside Pull the gat out of my Pr-ada purse Clock 'em, clock 'em That's gotta hurt I'm your down bitch, your accomplice Ride for you baby and that's a promise I got your back nigga I'm the one you trust to count on your stacks nigga Cook your cracks nigga I park the pinsky right off the pounds Let off hollow rounds if shit goes down I'm with the robberies, holdin' banks up This pretty young thing gonna keep it gangsta what? Uh-huh yeah Amil-lion wha-what? Amil-lion, Memph man what? uh [Jay-Z] I let her drive the V She's my pretty young thing I let her ride with me She's my pretty young thing Rap or robbery My pretty young thing She's my down ass bitch I let her drive the V She's my pretty young thing I let her ride with me She's my pretty young thing Rap or robbery My pretty young thing She's my gangsta bitch Ride with me my pretty young thing Let her my pretty young thing Let her my pretty young thing My down ass bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Memphis Bleek f/ Jay-Z Album: Coming of Age Song: What You Think of That Typed by: BaLPLaya34@aol.com [M.Bleek] That's right, Up front and personal Where my niggaz at? Where my bitches at? I love these streets, what you think of that? My whole team rock rocks, we don't speak to cats I'ma ball till I fall what you think of that? What you think of that? What you think of that? I'm a real ass nigga, what you think of that? Where my niggaz at? Where my bitches at? I love these streets, what you think of that? My whole team rock rocks, we don't speak to cats I'ma ball till I fall what you think of that? What you think of that? What you think of that? I'm a real ass nigga, what you think of that? [Verse 1] Yo, light the treez up, my hoez, D cupped, G's up Memph Bleek, nigga, what?!? Ride shotgun in the range,  bitches pay the price for thangz, rock ice and chains Yo they change under the weather, it got a little cold, too iced out You can hardly see the gold,  that's the way a nigga rock now, don't stop now Still on the block now, shorty, hold the glock down  Only thingz changed, the bitches I pressed,  the way they fit in the dress Like em big in the breasts,  shoes gotta be the shit, don't walk in kicks Yo you rollin wit the Memph, twitch the dutch and split Break the fuck out, bang, back a truck out,  often see the rims these bitches'll bug out You know what though?  I don't give a fuck though, Still in the cut, let the .44 blow Where my niggaz at? Where my bitches at? I love these streets, what you think of that? My whole team rock rocks, we don't speak to cats I'ma ball till I fall what you think of that? What you think of that? What you think of that? I'm a real ass nigga, what you think of that? Where my niggaz at? Where my bitches at? I love these streets, what you think of that? My whole team rock rocks, we don't speak to cats I'ma ball till I fall what you think of that? What you think of that? What you think of that? I'm a real ass nigga, what you think of that? [Verse 2] Yo, it's all about a brick kid, gettin bent kid, slide wit a chick kid Where the benz kid? Creep on it, make catz sleep on it  You know what your song lack, Bleek on it It's straight for stacks, where you hatin cats World premier type broad, I'ma make you that, stay shapin that Yeah, make a stack, show them niggaz where they girls be fakin that What you think of THAT? Where my niggaz at? We all around the streets where them figures at New Acc, put the top down, nigga, crack sold out now Where it's at? Ball out now, straight to the morgue, play? Yo we ball Y'all gon hate till I fall so I spray till I'm gone,  gotta push the coupe and do what he do I ride in the truck, I'm high nigga, wha? Where my niggaz at? Where my bitches at? I love these streets, what you think of that? My whole team rock rocks, we don't speak to cats I'ma ball till I fall what you think of that? What you think of that? What you think of that? I'm a real ass nigga, what you think of that? Where my niggaz at? Where my bitches at? I love these streets, what you think of that? My whole team rock rocks, we don't speak to cats (Uh) I'ma ball till I fall what you think of that? What you think of that? What you think of that? (Uh Oh)  I'm a real ass nigga, what you think of that? (Uh Oh) [Jay-Z] Know niggas ain't frontin like i'm a clown or sumthin Like I don't get down or sumthin  Like I don't tote a 4 pound of sumthin Round here frontin like my shit don't sound like nuttin Like I ain't got the crown or suttin Like I ain't the nigga you base ya life on  I guess i ain't the reason you got that ice on Like I ain't the muthafuckin dude wit the shoes I guess I ain't the reason you rhyme the way you do Like I ain't the nigga who mastered all flows And the reason they can't sell them four point O's Like I ain't 5 mill, and what do ya joint go? Excuse me? Nigga don't confuse me I ain't one of you rappers who got a deal  I'm one of the few niggaz spittin it and got it for real And even if you hatin, you gotta knock it in yo wheels And the day that i stop it.....ILL!! Where my niggaz at? Where my bitches at? I love these streets, what you think of that? My whole team rock rocks, we don't speak to cats I'ma ball till I fall what you think of that? What you think of that? What you think of that? I'm a real ass nigga, what you think of that? Where my niggaz at? Where my bitches at? I love these streets, what you think of that? My whole team rock rocks, we don't speak to cats I'ma ball till I fall what you think of that? What you think of that? What you think of that? I'm a real ass nigga, what you think of that? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mic Geronimo f/ Jay-Z and Carl Thomas Album: Vendetta Song: Single Life Typed by: i3omb1st@aol.com Mic Geronimo: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, word Word is bond uh, come on Carl Thomas: Oh, (yeah )Living the single (like word, like that) Oh , Living the single (check it out now), yeah (word) Verse 1: In two 16's, ladies let me show you what I mean I ripin ya back at full steam Besteen to the ones who wanna lay the law Maybe one ya'll wanna eat and get to stay for more If your sure that you wanna get touched Fuckin with the one hon like no problem Hang for a few, then we get wreaked from one two Up in air gaspin for oxygen, aint no stop for me Fuckin like a bunny I'ma ready  To freakin your body and leave sweaty For real all this frontin swing it seems petty Needed to let me enter in your system like remedy  Getting it started baby let me explain And all you gotta do is leave a number and a name Now if I'm right then it might sound trife But I can't help the single life, for real, uh Carl Thomas: I'm living the, single, single, single, (Living the single) Life The single, single, single, (Single) Life Single guys clap your hands Verse 2: It's a hit like crack ma Guaranteed you can bat if you that far And the more for the organization after breeze And ya'll are crazy when I'm goin over seas The nicest ya get, queens death threat The five speed berry rip shit till you wet The mack with a muscle to bust your cork bustle I'm gone and your man smell trouble, check it Candy on the front of me pimp or die Seein I could mack without a try One of the badest whoever moaned, leave a DOA My POA, is sounding like my G all day Everything like fluidly bounce to the ounce And I'ma stay workin the play, no doubt See I'm here to hit after that break out Now live your life and shout me out, for real Carl Thomas: I don't want anybody, to get the wrong idea bout me I don't have nothing to hide, I want the world to see Just like a car I'll drive you, out of your mind It's always the first thing, in us having a good time In us having a good time, bop bop bop sho-bop Verse 3: (Jay-Z) Uh, check I live the single life but only for tonight So when the sun rise, come rise up out my sight Know you like the family room, table lookin like ice Elevator in the crib, we shot up one flight Then I sexed her, by the wet bar, left her ass wet Found Az Yet and popped in the cass-ette Dim the lights time to please ya ma When ya flee could you try not to leave your bra Changed the sheets so wife won't fine no hair on the pillow Cause if it ain't her regular color, oh brother Ya'll ain't seen drama till you seen my little mama, spazed out  She like to fight till she pass out So don't catch feelings in the morning you're gone Wifees off tonight but tomorrow she's back on It's Iceberg baby, the mack was born  Roll around you can feel wear the mattress worn Well that's new, you seen the thin line well that's you Cause that's what I do, All day Get down like Dee Brown, I wanna rock you On and On like Erykah Badu, damn ya feel that? Carl Thomas: I'm living the single, single, single Life Living the single (Life) The single, single, single (Living the Single) Life Ha, single girls clap your hands Single, single, single (yah) Life Single guys clap your hands Single, single, single (oh yeah) Life If you're single can I Single, single, single (See your hands) Life Single guys clap your hands Single, single, single {fade} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mic Geronimo f/ Ja Rule, Jay-Z and DMX Album: The Natural Song: Time to Build Typed by: i3omb1st@aol.com It's Time, it's time, it's time, it's time This is time to build, it's time to build It's time to build, it's time to build It's time to build, this is time to build Verse 1: Mic Geronimo I format my mind for combat In fact I put a hole up in your back on the song like that Rollin thick with my people ain't no room to breathe Surrounded by murderous felons, drinks and bags of weed I swing at ya and get fly with the M-I I'm automatic trample in your static with the semi So when I squeeze I'm off in the breeze with these Licking shots at them whack MC's With no direction, I rhyme with perfection skills Drug a nigga like a pill when it's time to build Keep it real, get your head rocked when I wreck shop I bigger with my style ain't a bully on your fuckin block Word is bond I go on  I'm breaking MC's with vocal tones over real rap songs Insane in the brain nothing left to gain Grab the mic up with skill when it's time to build, Mother Fuckers Chorus: This is time to build, it's time to build It's time to build, it's time to build It's time to build, this is time to build Verse 2: Ja Rule Niggas increase the pain when they shout my name Horrified by the thought of hot slugs and graves Cause Ja is a sinister character loading that 44 caliber Infrared aimed at your jugular Who the fuck are you? Nobody cares You just be another nigga that needs repairs Talking to all them niggas shitting  And all them faggots that be steady bitching, inside their insides twitching Sod sill delivering, DOA push a nine to your mind and commence the spray No bullshit, Natural's the king of left Scared of life but wanna play the game of death What's next? Niggas wearing padded kotex Pussy ass MC's get treated like rough sex I'm possessed you can't feel what I feeler Be easy on the cut, uh, uh, uh Chorus: This is time to build, it's time to build It's time to build, it's time to build It's time to build, this is time to build Verse 3: Jay-Z Yeah, fresh on the scene-a with the fucking next niggas demeanor You know my work I bless and press more skirts then the cleaners I'm damn relaxed cause you cats can't stress the G Ain't a enough jump in 'em to make you high enough to test me Gone, niggas is moist like Duncan Hienz Choice when I'm voicing my poise I got poison lines  So flame on I turn my game on the expert Niggas get chills when you hear my name on the network Fuck what you niggas kickin on the mic You chicken like you don't know what an ass whippin feels like I'm living flashbacks, I blaze niggas split like ass-cracks It's the J to the A, smoother than jazz tracks, yeah So when I'm browsing through your housing projects Niggas get 5,000 shit is rough Time to close I hit you with 16 of those Next time maybe more, but who the fuck knows? Chorus: This is time to build, it's time to build It's time to build, it's time to build It's time to build, this is time to build Verse 4: DMX Check it out yo, Check it out yo, Check it out yo, Check it out yo I'm peeling niggas caps like oranges Hit 'em in the head with 2 by 4 inches I'm a grimy nigga so I like my bitches cruddy My clothes dirty, dick shitty, and my knife bloody I did too much dirt to turn back now I'm the reason my lil' sister smoking crack now I'd feel guilty if I had a heart but I don't To live a carefree life if I stop killing but I won't It's in my blood to destroy man kind With every murder I lose it little more of my damn mind And I ain't got much left to lose nigga ,so don't snooze nigga  I'm telling yous nigga, just pay your dues nigga Respect my mother fucking style of rap Murder your mic and your unborn child This ain't wild just how niggas living on the street A little something that cant be beat Chorus: It's Time, it's time, it's time, it's time This is time to build, it's time to build It's time to build, it's time to build It's time to build, this is time to build Mic Geronimo: Recognize, understand, recognize, understand Recognize, understand, recognize, understand This is time to build This is time to build This is time to build The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Jay-Z Album: Under Construction Song: Back in the Day Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Brothers and sisters!  Brothers and sisters, I don't know what this world is coming to!" [Jigga] Whassup Missy? Timbo! [Missy] This is.. another.. Missy [Jigga] Hip-Hop! Yes! [Missy] Elliott, exclusive [Jay-Z] Yes, uhh One for the butters, I came from the gutter No I came from my mother but y'all know what I mean Hov' is here to stay like permanent crease in your jeans Me and Missy be the new +Tag Team+ "Whoomp! There It Is" We like, Rae & Ghost, A.G. and Showbiz We "Public Enemy #1," our "Uzi Weighs a Ton" This is our house, RUN! {*laughing*} [Missy] What happened to those good old days? {HA?} When hip-hop, was so much fun Ohh, house parties in the summer y'all (c'mon) And no one, came through with a gun It was all about the music y'all It helped.. to relieve some stress {HA?} Ohh, we was under one groove y'all (y'all) So much love {HA?} between North and West [Chorus: Missy Elliott] Go back in the day British Knights and gold chains Do the prep and cabbage patch And wear your laces all fat Back in the dayyyyyyyy, hey hey Hip-Hop has chaaaanged [Missy] Remember when we used to battle? (uh-huh) On the block {HA?} before the lights came on Ohh! Mama said we would be straight A kids (c'mon) If we did our homework, like we knew those songs Salt-N-Pepa, Rakim, and P.E. {HA?} D.M.C, and Heavy D Yes! Daddy Kane, Slick Rick too (oh-OOH!) MC Lyte ("Paper Thin") opened, doors for you and me, c'mon [Jay-Z] Young! J. Bizzy, let's do it again nigga Grew up the way it oughta be From day KRS-One all the way up to "Nineteen Naughty Three" To M.O.P., we "Cold as Ice" Nigga we rock it from the "Dre Day" to the Suge Knight So fuck Chuck Phillips and Bill O'Reilly If they try to stop hip-hop, we all gon' rally nigga Post Biggie and 'Pac I gotta hold down the city Make a nigga wanna 'holla' like Missy, but fuck it Just let a nigga MC The best rapper alive, unquestionably If you rip on your +EP+ you gonna need an +MD+ So "You Gots to Chill" cause I "Kill at Will" like solid water dude; y'all niggaz don't get it "Kill at Will," solid water? Ice Cube Ha ha, that's how hip-hop has evolved Jay-Z's for President, I'm namin Ra as the National God [Missy] Me and Jigga, Jigga J-J-Jay-Hova I rocks the mic right whether I'm pissy drunk or sober Misdemeanor fo'-finger ringer I'm stupid FRESH I've been hot since LL rocked the Kangol HAT Yes yes, the yes yes, the yes y'alln C'mon... AW YEA, AW YEA Okay, me, that nigga Jigga, fresh dressed in the mornin C'mon... AW YEA, AW YEA {*ad libs and whistling*} [Missy] I wanna, go back in, time (let's go) Feels like I, I wanna, go back in, time Feels like I (Y'all remember "Self Destruction"?) I wanna, go back in, time (Where all the rap artists got on a record together?) Feels like I, I wanna, go back in, time (I used to love them days, no tension, let's go!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Jay-Z Album: Miss E ...So Addictive Song: One Minute Man (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Missy] Ooooooh, I don't want I don't need I can't stand no minute man I don't want no minute man Ooooooh, here's your chance be a man take my hand understand I don't want no minute man Ohh, ohh, uhh, OOOH Ohh, ohh.. Ohh, ohh, uhh, OOOH Ohh, ohh.. [Missy] Boy I'ma make you love me, make you want me And I'ma give you some attention, tonight Now follow my intuitions, what you're wishin See I'ma keep you all night, for a long time Just start countin the ways Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no.. [Missy] Tonight I'ma give it to you, throw it to you I want you to come prepared, ohhh yeah (oh yes) Boy it's been a long time, a crazy long time And I don't want no minute man, and that's real Give it to me some more [Jay-Z] Fifty grand I get this on one take (Hova) Look, I'm not tryin to give you love and affection (uh-huh) I'm tryin to give you sixty seconds of perfection (uh-huh) I'm tryin to give you cabfare and directions Get your +Independent+ ass out of here - QUESTION? I'm not your man, not Ralph Tresvant Not Ronnie Romance.. no ma I'm tryin to hit you then put you in the middle of the round like I'm Roberto Duran.. no mas Six A.M. another chick in the house (put your hands up) 6:15 another chick kicked you out (put your hands up) Spend one minute tryin to dig her out The other fourteen tryin to "put it in her mouth" The dick too chubby, too much'll make you love me Now be a nice wifey and run home to your hubby Cause we, both knowin what we doin is wrong Don't forget to put your ring back on {*quiet laughter*} [Missy] Ooooooh, I don't want I don't need I can't stand no minute man I don't want no minute man Ooooooh, here's your chance be a man take my hand understand I don't want no minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break-break me off, break break me off Break break me off, show me what you got Break me off, show me what you got.. Break me off, show me what you got.. Break me off, show me what you got.. Break me off, break break me off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Jay-Z Album: This is Not a Test Song: Wake Up Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com, eddie014@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro - Missy Elliott] {*w/ echoes*} Hey yo Hov.. tell em Hip-Hop better wake up [Jay-Z] Yeah! Turn the muh'fucking music up! Breezy! Yeah! Turn the muh'fucking music up! [Verse 1 - Missy Elliott] Motherfuckers better wake up Stop selling crack to the blacks Hope ya brought a spare for ya flat Cain has sent me talking real facts Down the hill like Jill and Jack Got speak what yo weak mind lacks Ya heard that? I'm creative to the fullest "Whachu talking bout Willis?" Cause you talk it never kill it I hear but don't feel it Thou ain't realest, ya just sweet meat in the village Yeah I'm a Don Diva Don Niva Y'all not seen her, heater squeezed into a wife beater Yep I'm a top leader, I got the Martin Luther King fever I'm a feed ya whacha teacha' need to preach ya It's time to get serious, black people all areas Who gon carry us? It ain't time to bury us Cause music be our first love, say 'I Do' let's cherish it [Chorus - Missy Elliott] If you don't got a gun (it's all right) It you makin legal money (it's all right) If you got to keep your clothes on (it's all right) You ain't got a cellular phone (it's all right) And your wheels don't spin (it's all right) And you gotta wear them jeans again (it's all right) Yeah, if you tried oh well (it's all right) Emcees stop the beef, let's sell (it's all right) [Verse 2 - Missy Elliott] Hip-Hop better wake up, the bed to make ups Some of y'all be faker than the dragon make up Got issues to take up, before we break up Like Electra let go, Missy need a baker I love Jacob, but jewelry won't fix my place up Gotta stay up, studio nights to cake up Now check my flavor, rich folks is now my neighbors I got cable, now check out how I made my paper Hip-Hop don't stop, be my Lifesaver Like Kobe and Shaq if they left Lakers I'm like an elevator DJ on the crossfader Black people wake up I'll see your ass later [Verse 3 - Jay-Z] + (Missy) I need rims that don't listen and a booming system First piece of change I see, I'm gon get one 7:45 - no lights to drive I ain't even got a home, I guess I'll live in my ride Fuck it!... ("rewind" - *echoes*) "I can hear myself, but I can't feel myself I'm wanna feel myself like Tweet" 7:45 - no lights to drive I ain't even got a home, I guess I'll live in my ride Fuck it, couple karats in the ear won't hurt Need a nice chain, laying on this thousand dollar shirt Ivizu Jeans cover the rectum, my kick game just like David Beckham Anybody in my way, I wet them I'ma be this way till the cops come catch 'em Till detectives sketch em On the sidewalk wit chalk, New York's infections Till I got taught a lesson Couple niggas gone, couple went Corrections, Hillary got ten Till I got fifteen, nigga even my kin Got five years bringin nineteen in But just think I used to think like them Now they gotta live through the pictures that I send them in the pen Hope you don't start ya life where I end... WAKE UP! [*"Wake Up" - repeated to chorus*] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mobb Deep f/ Jadakiss, Jay-Z, Nas Album: Win or Lose (Remix) 12" Song: Win or Lose (Remix) Typed by: kendk6769@uwc.edu * * send corrections to the typist [Havoc] It's real, yeah, right, oh, uh, it's right, oh yeah, whoo Feel it baby, yes Another day another dolla, it's about gettin money Then you can gimme a holla, my nose runny I've been out in the cold, hustlin for so long, my hands numb But bet I feel that paper hit my palm [Nas] My stripes show like regimines, military intelligence Murder game, I leave no evidence, credentials Go ask my preschool, even talk to my old principal He tell you how I used to pack a number two pencil [Prodigy] It's like ah shit it's on, time to go shoppin For cars not fashion, my whips be the bomb My clothes, be the same shit that we had on Fuck lookin cute save that for the broads [Jay-Z] Ya brought to the game, all the scores the adrenaline rush Your blug-boys not knowin cops could rush And you in a drop, you so easy to touch No two days are alike, except the first and fifteenth pretty much [Havoc] It's the H-A-V-O, C dump and reload Knock knock answer that I'm blastin through the peep hole Body charge, pay lawyers so we get those Get locked then I'm sluttin lady CO's [Prodigy] We be the only niggaz you know that fuck they PO's They push our files to the top, you still on peroll We got, money to roll, no time for pennetentiaries Too much dollars to fold, it's bulgin out our jeans [Chorus 2X] Here I go again, whether I win or lose But losin ain't a option girl My destination is top of the world [top of the world] [Havoc] Ya'll like bitches, the chit chatterin Stay not likin a nigga, but givin dap to him Hav don't change for no chick, and they adapt to 'em Never get cool with you niggaz I end up clappin 'em [Jadakiss] Ey yo my attitude is subject to change I mess around and spit twelve with the drivers side doin ya range Six hit you, the other six up in ya dame Mafia style, leave you with your watch and your change [Prodigy] Federal note fettish, you fuck with my niggaz Franklin and Grant Get yo ass blammed with the quickness Ya niggaz is finished, you overdosin the world with that cute shit It's time for this realness [Jay-Z] And trust, is a word you seldom hear from us Hustlers, we don't sleep, we rest one eye up And the droppin to find a man, when the well dries up You learn to work the water, without work, you thirst 'fore you die yup! [Jadakiss] So take heat, that not only can I flow I can aim Cause y'all misdemeanin niggaz can't stand the rain Better believe that, whenever I see ya'll, I'mma test ya Only cause I know the fact that you respect pressure [Havoc] And here I go again, lettin the mack blow Slugs bubble up in ya stomach like lactose I'mma date shorty put it up in her backbone For real, put it on it like a check, though my rap don't [Nas] Tables turned now, got my own label I earned Like that nigga said in Dead Presidents, "Money to burn" Queensbridge paid homage respect Nas is a vadic, knowledge to rap Plotters with gats, niggaz is dissin that [Jay-Z] Now all the teachers couldn't reach me And my mamma couldn't beat me hard enough to match the pain of my pop not seein me, so With that stain in my membrane Got on my pimp game, fuck the world, my defense came Then that 'halin introduced me to the game Spanish Jose introduced me to Cam' I'm a hustler now, my gear is in and I'm in the in-crowd And all the way be light scream girls be lovin me now [Prodigy] We out-live labels, and distributors we run laps around e'rybody artist on ya pay-roll To hop up in the Range Rove Jet black with the black rims killin yo bitch in the A hole, uh oh [Chorus- til end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: M.O.P. f/ Teflon and Jay-Z Album: First Family 4 Life Song: 4 Alarm Blaze Typed by: Osirus260@aol.com, jobrush@suffolk.lib.ny.us [Lil' Fame] Seventy-five  Raised on a strip called here brotha hill  Where guns pop and cops get killed This is the place where paranoya  Destroyin' niggas cash cases mo' try to flash they lawyers We're losin' it Four fives and knives we be movin' wit Caught up in the things that the street game confused you wit We're provin' it  Let it be known if retaliation Home-skillet - it's on That rap nigga bust a cap nigga flat nigga  Open up your back nigga Rosewood black nigga First family gone brawl It's president's resident, and I'm the first dog You know the M.O.P status In the history of crime and rap we some the baddest Word to the mommy, any fool try me Get hit wit the lami, fuck Giuliani Chorus - Teflon and Lil' Fame: 2X It's a 4 alarm blaze Everybody post up next to the stage Come on You're all welcome to hell's roadway First family style Buck ass wild What ya say   [Billy Danze] Get ya man on the jack soldier, grip your mac soldier FIRST FAMILY - we're back soldier And we have swam through the Brownsville sewers The last on the line of our kind CRIME DO'ERS Burkowitz MOB STYLE Spit fire from my hammer like I wasn't God's child Crucify me - but don't deny me Or get slit bitch you couldn't slip nothin' by me Try me and I'll pop shots like I'm supposed to I'm from the field where the covers are unnoticable I've noticed a few niggas wantin' my head Used my smarts and my secret all are firin' lead (Fire ya lead) With all intentions of droppin' a body  I'm usually nervous so I'm flinchin' when I enter the party THE BROWNSVILLE NECTAR That bullshit Just when you thought it was safe I flipped and hit em wit more shit Chorus 2X: [Teflon] Introducin' the best kept secret  It's no sweet shit I sleep wit green beret Blaze enemies frequent  I speak wit authority (Black) Perhaps through four to be  Cap quarterly blazed till it's quiet and orderly The gunsmoke make son soak  The smoke run through the barrel until the gun choke Raised cold-hearted and deadly  Survive wit a nickel-plated tool and jewels old-timer done fed me Keep my grip steady Squeeze till they drop off Make sure all other guns are popped off as heavy Blowin some high-tech shit Through your projects Makin' whatever was in my way easy to di-tect I wrecks guys  Over money gone Saratoga son be in a Columbian necktie We don't respects by  Half-ass niggas Blast niggas Gas niggas who won't blast   The sect die All: 2X Just when you thought it was safe The mashed out posse hit you off wit another taste Uh (Uh) Uh (Uh) Uh (Uh ) Uh (Uh) Yeah (Yeah) Yeah (Yeah) Yeah (Yeah) Yeah (Yeah) [Jay-Z] Yeah, uh-huh, what the fuck Two asked quick for bastards to step to  Leave wounds too drastic for rescue When I rock jewels it ain't to impress you  What the fuck niggas commentin on my shit fo' I'm real - how you think I got rich ho? Pack steel - ain't afraid to let a clip go I got enough paper to get low Come back when the shit blow over get the dough over Huh wit the Rover snatch the gat from the clip holder Rip through ya shoulder bitch it's Jay-hovah I'm too right wit it, too tight wit it You light witted but if you're feel ya nice nigga spit it Who am I? JAY-Z motherfucker Do or die IN BROWNSVILLE motherfucker Blocka, rocka, M.O.P collabo Front on us and gats blow ya know? Chorus: 2X motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: M.O.P. f/ Jay-Z Album: Ghetto Warfare Song: Put it in the Air Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil' Fame] BRRRRRRRRRR! C'MON! YO! YO! C'MON, C'MON! It's the M, dot O dot P, ohh! M, dot O dot P, ohh! M, dot O dot P -- FIYAHH! FIYAHH! It's a must that I bust any mic you hand to me I'm Fitzroy nigga (WHAT) First Family Mo. P's, guns mo' bigga B.K. up in this bitch - WHAT NIGGA? "Stompdashitoutu!" Now that's whattup Just relax yourself pa, you don't wanna get yo' Mets hat twisted, get fo'-ifted Hot balls poppin, gettin forklifted [Billy Danze] I was a fiend; you can ask my Home Team Befo' I fell in love with the 'gnac I puffed green Always focused and double toasted When the shit pop off in the club we host it So now, y'all niggaz get down (LAY DOWN) And stay down (WE RIP POUNDS) and spit rounds Spark it (M) dot (O) dot (P) Dot we drop hip-hop awkward, stompin [Chorus One: M.O.P.] Roll up your trees and PUT IT IN THE AIR! Puff puff, pass, PUT IT IN THE AIR! Get'cha head back baby, PUT IT IN THE AIR! I'm feelin like fuck the world, is you wit me? Middle fingers up, PUT IT IN THE AIR! Yeah, middle fingers up, PUT IT IN THE AIR! Now, show me the hand you pop that thang with Index fingers up, PUT IT IN THE AIR! [Lil' Fame] Fuck y'all with RuPaul dick, in the middle of Times Square Get down or lay down, bitch boy, this our year Last summer we jammed but this summer we hittin Totin Bernie Macs for all y'all summa'mabiches In the hood where it's ugly (IT'S UGLY) I trip with the pen, fuck it just call me Iceberg Chubby The illest the realest Brownsvillest the shit'll never stop In Brooklyn - home of the pop glocks [Billy Danze] You can find me on the back block; e'rybody know me I'm admired by the homey that's runnin the crack spot I love to see the shorties with a lil' G in 'em It's like lookin in the mirror I see a lil' me in 'em Stop buggin the homey said dig 'em, I never dug 'em He disrespected this Family long enough so I slug him WARRIORZ! We earn our respect (SHIT~!) We come through yo' projects with shiny objects [Chorus Two: M.O.P.] Now, fill your cups up, PUT IT IN THE AIR! Lift your drinks up and PUT IT IN THE AIR! Get'cha head back baby, PUT IT IN THE AIR! I'm feelin like fuck the world, is you wit me? Middle fingers up, PUT IT IN THE AIR! Yeah, middle fingers up, PUT IT IN THE AIR! Now, show me the hand you pop that thang with Index fingers up, PUT IT IN THE AIR! [Jay-Z] You 'bout to witness the most intelligent ignorant shit you gonna hear in the miserable life that you livin I hope that you diggin it I ain't no dif-fer-ent from any nigga livin in the hood whose attitude is "I wish a nigga would" Your fam might as well kiss you goodbye, they'll miss you for good No more Mr. Nice Guy, listen to the hook (PUT IT IN THE AIR!) Homey I'll put you in the air Feel the fury of a feather trigger nigga if you near The I gets sparked, Allah-u Akbar can't even save you I will break you what you high on puff? I kill niggaz with my own thoughts Yeah I'm guilty as charged, nigga it's my own fault Homey you walkin through hell with nylon socks My nine pump cough I'll make you wind up in the basement with DJ Satan Your boy got the crown nigga, my replacement ain't been born yet Y'all realize this ain't a song yet? [Chorus Two] [Outro: Lil' Fame] {*SCREECHING*} Yeah, YEAH! (Put it in the air) YEAH!!! (Put it in the air) YEAH!!!!! (Put it in the air) Ha! (Put it in the air) MOTHERFUCKERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR Hahahahahahahah, ohh Yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: M.O.P. f/ Beanie Sigel, Jay-Z, Memphis Bleek Album: Ghetto Warfare Song: Roc La Familia Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Jay-Z] Ha! Yeah, welcome the newest addition to the Roc M.O.P. (BK!) Yes, yessss Most unstoppable record label on the planet (Get the fuck up nigga) R.O.C., The Dynasty Yessssss [Lil' Fame] It's the M.O.P. "Calm Down" First La Familia Bang it out with the R.O.Cafe Air La Familia - get famil-iar Pop him pop him and drop him drop him until he drown We are, beyond, phenomenon, from Brook-Nam First niggaz to make hip-hop her-on Like a song featuring 'Pac, Biggie and The Pope But my name is on the Walk of Fame like Bob Hope Baby pah, I am the two-thousand and Dre say CRAZY, baby Malik, dub-oh-izzm, izzay She came you faggots (send 'em out) with a semi, and loop to 'matic like, FOOM Then hop in the truck like what the fi-dduck, sounds bump like BOOM, BOOM, BOOM It's the First Fam, laugh at y'all nigga, home peace [Memphis Bleek] And I'm thee, M-E, fresh out of the start M-B 'til I dizzie, high when I re-side I pop, pop, pop; nigga go against the Roc I'll make his heartbeat stop Them from Saratoga, me from Far Rockaway Moved up in Marcy but never put the glock away I reps, my, set Shit I'm no Blood or Cuz, I make cuz lose blood Talk anything, I pop it fast Talk about clothes I done popped some tags Talk about dram', I done popped the gat You can talk about hoes I done popped them pads Like G to get up in it, let my niggaz live a minute Let you niggaz breathe a minute now you can't sleep a minute Cause it's easy, dawg, back in this bitch No peace talk nigga, it's on in this bitch [Beanie Sigel] Well it's the S, T, A-T-E P-R-O-P, E-R T, Y, State Property nigga We knockin nigga, ain't no stoppin nigga First a S.P. flick then the S.P. stitched it Must admit, since a playpen gifted And ain't no tellin what the car tune net gross You characters like Cartoon Network Nigga what you dumb high? I wring your neck like Spongebob Go get your sets dripped cause son dry Nigga get your crumb snatched, I ain't dumb keep the M-1 with the fully matty thug latch, get a lung 'laxed Yes Crack, the official shit is back Who else can rep the heartbeat whistles of a Mac like brrack, brrack, brrack, be in the street like a pistol in the pack, in position with the gat [Billy Danze] Uhh~! Beans, give me that thang, shit is lookin strange These young motherfuckers think it's a game (Shorty hide ya chain) I'm on tour, I sold shit that hang from a rope when I spit it's goin through 'em Now that's whassup; I don't give a fuck about what set you throwin up - I'm from the 'Ville where we fire, fire, fire With intention to kill and burn down yo' entire empire f'real The word on the street, you're sweet The toughest shit in your ruggedest song is the beat You irrelevant ass nigga You pro-fessional, bi-sexual, dilettante ass nigga (Get ready to blast nigga) If not, take flight Say M.O., think O, and get it right Cause when the "Warriorz" come through, you're low See me B-I-double-L-Y D-A-N-Z-ini I'm gone [Jay-Z: repeat 2X] It's the R-O-C Cafe, y'knahmean? M.O.P., Billy Danze, you slept, y'knahmean? Memph Bleek, Young and Mack, y'knahmean? Get back, y'knahmean? Get clapped, y'knahmean? [Outro: Jay-Z] Crack! Young! Gunz! Geah! (And the question is) {That's it that's all} You gotta love it (What exactly) It's the O.G. (Did you niggaz expect?) Young Ride out, ride out (Fitzroy) Yeah, yeah, yeah, uh {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ms. Jade f/ Jay-Z Album: Girl, Interrupted Song: Count it Off Typed by: hanifrobinson@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1: Ms. Jade] You best come on, get that ass swung on When dem thags load on, nig-gas best hold on Make sure it's stick so Ricky ain't droppin' Mickeys My bitches puts on them quickies, and skirts gets the itchy Pimpin' this game quickly, and brody and niggas quit me For cat that talk iffy, get swung on like K. Griffey They spit willie, though half of the bitches feel me The other half is trashed, cuz words could never kill me I got this thick, it's ridiculous how I switch shit Look who I'm with, 215 and Timbaland, bitch Whether it's friend or foe, Heiniken, Verde, Cris or Moe I'm stackin' decimals, stoops, steps and best of yous I write mine, like mine, now I gotta spark All bite, no bark, play my damn part I get inside you, show you how Philly bitches do Pimp you, then I'll get rid of you, I'll shit on your whole crew Now let me count it off (Repeat 3x) Hey you, blow your whistle Now let me count it off (Repeat 3x) Hey you, blow your whistle Now let me count it off (Repeat 3x) Hey you, blow your whistle Now let me count it off (Repeat 3x) [Verse 2: Ms. Jade] I know it's rare, but niggas they feel me everywhere I'm from the land of white tees, Vickie's and Roca-Wear NY guys spit at cats, do-rags Pop it in turn it up, bang my shit in they Jags I got dem niggas in LA crip walkin' in the truck Atlanta, down south bamma's, you know they get it crunk Now I'ma float on, roll me somethin' to smoke on You hope I go away, continue to get your hope on Rap game, regardless I stack change the same affect as the game Ms. Jade is tha mutha-f-in' name I got a L-O-C-K down the freeway, BK back up to Philly Won't stop 'til they kill me I get it done, rap chicks see me and run Only mixin' coke with the rum Ain't scared, niggas be bums You wanna see me, beats fuck up ya hooptie Suburbans, Benz or the two seats Major numbers the first week Repeat Chorus [Verse 3: Jay-Z (during 2nd half of chorus)] Uh, come on with it, get down with it Uh, come on with it, get down with it Yea, it's young Vito, voice of the young people Roc C-E-O, hot hits for the P-O I'm so trill, the wood pandlin', handlin' meals Twenty inch jumpers from standin' on my wheels They can't understand it, god damnit, he's ill Everytime I drive, gotta prescribe 'em for panic pills I'm gigantic, the Titanic would never sink Even with the band playin', before that happend, that man sprayin' (BUCK!) They all fifteens, glocks and tecs AK's will pop, I bring ya all out the closet, girls Niggas is homos really, but when they smokin' on purple They get loco, but you know I know the drilly It's for these positions, that's why I keep the biscuits You ain't Tony Sopranno, you pussy, sleep with the fishes You know I'm reppin from that 7-1-8 Shots to you f-in' son, class over, lesson's done HOV'!!! Repeat Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Murderers f/ Busta Rhymes, Jay-Z, Memphis Bleek Album: Irv Gotti presents The Murderers Song: Holla Holla (Remix) Typed by: BaLPLaya34@aol.com, SKrachVYnl@aol.com [Ja Rule] IT'S MURDA! [Jay-Z] Yeah yeah, Hova Hova We takin over soldier, told ya it's murdaa I'm here for that paper playa, fuck one time I'm here ta break ya playa one nine Make ya scream and holla partner When I block ya partner When I squeeze niggaz breathe like {*ahh-hah, ahh-hah*} We the realest niggaz we killaz niggaz We Murderers, feel us? [Vita] Vita Vita to all of my bitches that's ready to flip dollars dollars Lemme hear you holla holla Gunshots pop up like it's murda Ja's a murdera I'm the murderous bitch Semi semi automatic in my Fendi Fendi bag  for any any hoes feelin envy envy if you choose to  but I got some killers that'll bury and use you  It's murda!! [Black Child] Nigga we do this for the doe doe, hurtin hurtin Y'all niggaz is curtains curtains When the pound kick, round spit hit the ground quick Playa playa I hate a hater whose flow flow is so-so Midget niggaz who grow slow Fire fire when I spit, full clip Niggaz wet em wet em  whoever holdin the coke we'll dead em dead em All my thug niggaz and thug bitches  This all it takes for paper if you feelin me Chorus: Ja Rule (repeat 2X) (holla holla) All my niggaz thats ready to get  (dollars dollars) Bitches know who can get em a little (hotta hotta) Come on, if you rollin wit me  (follow follow) It's murda.. [Memphis Bleek] Yeah, yeah Niggaz neva neva, seen a killa like Bleek You could get it get it in a second on these streets Now it's Memphis Memphis and my gun bust tremendous You aint you aint on my dick shorty but yo friend is It's murda murda for life Me and Ja nigga hold that hold that Niggaz ain't ready to die with us get it get it Make em feel it feel it all 16 comin from my .45 digits [Tah Murda] Make you holla black cal is all about a dolla Dollars dollars nigga I'm from homocide Hollis Hate hoes that love to swallow swallow We original robbers robbers wit revolvers Sippin Henny and Remi and Remi wit any Wit Tah spittin the semi spittin the semi In any anybody could spit it spit it e but can he live it live it  It's murda motherfucker don't forget it! Chorus 2X [Busta Rhymes] Murda murda, yo, yo-yo yo Now what you 'bout to do? Lay you out on a stretcher I betcha that when I get ya  I'll make y'all niggaz leak from my lyrical lecture and treasure the moment feel pleasure from when I wet ya (WHAT!) Split ya cardiovascular up from the bullets we sent ya  Listen we dishin our flava we cookin da kitchen (what!) Like we cookin and breakin our la-ast pot we got to piss in I'm bout to cop an ounce of weed (how many wanna chip in?!) And get a bunch of wild murderin niggaz  time is all we need to be flippin [Ja Rule] Neva eva before fore Whatever reason you think you law  Lord tell em I'ma nigga that clip it cock it and dead em I'ma behead em for no flow, wet em if they dry slow Funny style niggaz I'll lift like lo-lo's Then pimp yo broke hoes (whoa!) I'ma I'ma pop pop and leave leave niggaz gagged and shot Why why the fuck not I'm a Murderer murderin any  and everything that's in my way -- holla holla The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mya f/ Jay-Z Album: Best of Me 12" Song: Best of Me (Holla Main Mix) Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Jay-Z] I'm focused man Tell Stout to holla at me man Uh, young Hova ya heard? Trackmasters ya heard? Yo, yes y'all and Jigga man be ballin' Leave chicks pigeon-toed some of them be crawlin' Get the best of you whenever I put my all in Have mamis callin for the Lord darling Jigga in call and ass drop Coupes with half the top, dispose half my knot Nigga mad when I brag about the cash I got But I'm used to not having a lot I'm from the gutta and uh I ain't the type to ever chase your boss I'm the type to interior decorate the watch I'm the type to sling heavy weight on the block In every state like Pac, word Jigga's the hurt holla [Mya] Lips are telling me yes While you're kissing on my neck Making me feel so wet Should I stay, should I go? I don't know Your hot boy style drives me wild But in the back of mind I know 1 - [Mya]  Even though I wanna see  How you put that thang on me  I can't let you get the best of me  Even though I wanna see  How you put that thang on me  I can't let you get the best of me [Mya] The best of me The best of me Conversation ain't what? Big thighs got you stuck Feelings starting to show Should I stay, should I go? I don't know You're driving me crazy I wanna be your lady But I got a man at home Repeat 1 [Mya] The best of me The best of me oh [Jay-Z] 5,4,3,2,1 Carolina blue kicks Hottest nigga on the block Used to willie bicycle since I was six, uh High school crossover wave to wave picks Music is the same shit, gave away hits So ma get it together or forget it forever When I go at you hard I can get it through leather You act like Jigga can't get at whoever Talking you got a man, okay ma and That's high school making me chase you around for months Have an affair act like an adult for once Plus my hand is up your skirt goddamn you flirt What's a little me on top gon' hurt? Maybe a little but Pain is pleasure and pressure bust pipes And you look like the 'I Like It Rough' type We can crush tonight Tell me what you like I got a yellow bottle on a bucket of ice Get right. Young Hova Repeat 1 [Mya] Make it hot, make it hot Trackmaster Mister Tone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Jay-Z Album: Hip-Hop is Dead Song: Black Republican Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com [Intro: Jay-Z] & (Nas) I know you can feel the magic baby Turn the motherfuckin lights down Esco whuttup? (Whuttup homey) I mean.. it's what you expected ain't it? Let's go... uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh Turn the music up and the headphones uh, Yea, that's perfect (Yea, right) Uh, we gots to take and make a nigga wait on this motherfucker (hahaha!) Make niggaz mad and shit like.. Niggaz usually just start rappin' after 4-bars, nigga go in Start dancin' in this motherfucker Yea, (Yea) niggaz come outta nowhere [Hook: Jay-Z] I feel like a Black Republican, money I got comin' in Can't turn my back on the hood, I got love for them Can't clean my act up for good, too much thug in 'em Probably end up back in the hood, I'm like "Fuck it then" [Verse 1: Jay-Z] Huddlin' over the oven, we was like brothers then (What?) Though you was nothin' other than a son of my mother's friend We had governin', who would of thought the love would end Like ice cold album, all good things Neva thought we sing the same song that all hood sang Thought it was all wood-grain, all good brain You wouldn't bicker like the other fools talk good game Neva imagine all the disasters that one good reign Could bring!, should blame, the game, and I could It's kill or be killed, how could I refrain? And foreva be in debt, that's neva a good thing To the pressure for success can put a good strain On a friend you call best, and yes it could bring Out the worst in every person, even the good and sane Though we rehearsed, it's just ain't the same When you put in the game at age sixteen Then you mix things: like cars, jewelry, and miss things Jealousy, ego, and pride, and this brings It all to a head like coin, cha-ching The root of evil strikes again, this could sting Now the team got beef between the Post and the Point This puts the ring in jeopardy - indefinitely [Hook: Jay-Z] [Hook: Nas] I feel like a black militant takin' over the government Can't turn my back on the hood, too much love for them Can't clean my act up for good, too much thug in 'em Probably end up back in the hood, I'm like, "fuck it then" [Verse 2: Nas] I'm back in the hood, they like, "Hey Nas" (Uh) Blowin' on purp', reflectin' on they lives Couple of fat cats, couple of A.I.'s Dreamin' of fly shit instead of them gray skies Gray 5's, hatah's wishin' our reign dies Pitch, sling pies, and niggaz they sing, "why"? Guess they ain't strong enough to handle their jail time Weak minds, keep tryin', follow the street signs I'm standin' on the roof of my building I'm feelin' - the whirlwind of beef, I inhale it Just like an acrobat ready to hurl myself through the hoops of fire Sippin' 80 proof, bulletproof under my attire Could it be the forces of darkness, against hood angels of good That forms street politics - makes a sweet honest kid Turn illegal for commerce - to get his feet out of them Converse That's my word [Hook: Jay-Z] [Hook: Nas] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Jay-Z, Angela Winbush Album: Life After Death Song: I Love the Dough Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash *dice game intro* [Jay-Z] Uhh, uhh Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh Hah, what, I like this Uhh, uhh, I like this What? Uhh, what? Uhh Verse One: Jay-Z We push the hottest V's, peel fast through the city, play Monopoly with real cash Me and Biggie and the models be, shaking they saditty ass And parotta be, somethin you cats got to see And the watches be all types and shapes of stones Bein broke is childish and I'm quite grown Run up in the club with the ice on, me and Paisan' Scope the spot out, see somethin nice and I'm gone You cats is home, screamin the fight's on I'm in the fifteen hundred seats, watchin Ty-son Same night, same fight But one of us cats ain't playin right, I let you tell it People place yourselves in the shoes of two felons And tell me you won't ball every chance you get and any chance you hit, we live for the moment Makes sense don't it? Now make dollars Cats pop bottles bone chicks that favor Idalis and rack up frequent flier mileage Chorus: Angela Winbush Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey I love the dough, more than you know Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G. I'm poppin Magnums while Jigga bag somethin Watch is platinum, got jet lag from flights back and forth, pop corks of the best grapes Make the best CD's and the best tapes Don't forget the vinyl, take girls break spinals Biggie be Richie like Lionel, shit You seen the Jesus, dipped to H classes Ice project off lights, chick flashes Blind your broke asses, even got rocks in big mustaches Rock top fashions Ain't shit changed, except the number after the dot on the Range, way niggaz look at me now, kinda strange I hate y'all too Rather be in Carribean sands with Rachael It's unreal, out the blue Frank White got sex appeal Bitches used to go, "Ewww!" Still tote steel, tryin to see five mil off the sin-gle, for real You ain't fazin the amazin While your gun's raisin, mine is blazin See you on see me all talkin to sweetness Take it for weakness and leave quick Blocker, Roc-a-, Fella, Bad Boy collabo Two MC's with mad dough, ju' know! Chorus: Angela Winbush I love the dough, more than you know Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey (repeat 2X) Verse Three: Jay-Z, Notorious B.I.G. Miracu-lous, pockets stay full Niggaz skip the bull cause we matadors Snatch the P-89's that we pack in the drawers And we, clappin doors in your Acuras Snap like, cameras on amateurs Make you all dance, hold a hammer to yours Jig and Big rock ice, no cracks or flaws Erybody got a part to play, back to yours Run up in your crib now, crack your doors Watch the real players live, it's a habit to floss Play the charts like the Beatles, y'all adapt you lost And toast Cristal on behalf of y'all Too bad for y'all, ain't too many as bad as yours truly, do we, we laugh at y'all Little bastards y'all Uhh, uhh We hit makers with acres Roll shakers in Vegas, you can't break us Lost chips on Lakers, gassed off Shaq Country house, tennis courts on horseback Ridin decidin cracked crab or lobster Who say mobsters don't prosper Niggaz is actors, niggaz deserve Oscars Me I'm, critically acclaimed, slug past your brain Reminesce on dames who, coochie used to stink When we rocked house pieces and puffy Gucci links Now we buy homes in unfamiliar places Tito smile everytime he see our faces Cases catch more than outfield-ers Half these rappin cats, ain't seen war Couldn't score if they had point game, they lame Speak my name, I make em dash like Dame Chorus: Angela Winbush I love the dough, more than you know Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey (repeat to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Jay-Z Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Whatchu Want Typed by: hiphopjay@mac.com [BIG] Throw your hands in the sky, nigga I'm stickin' ice picks on the tip of ya dick Give your testicles a swift kick, ain't that some shit? Am I hard hard core, harder than a Plymouth It ain't no myth, it's a nigga with the spliff And a chrome four fifth pressed on ya back So what you want, nigga? How you wanna act? I hope civilized cause I love to see niggaz die Brains all leakin' out on the street And the pastor preachin' "He was a good man" Played the bad man when the burner was in his hand Now he's singin' sad songs with Elvis Three to the head, bout six cross the pelvis Ya fuck with the high guy ya die Yeah the same motherfucker yellin' "Look up in the sky!" I'm on some old neck shit, Suplex shit, hardcore sex shit, and Tec shit [Chorus X4] BIG + (Girl) What you want, nigga? (What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga? What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?) [BIG] A repetitive loop All I need to destroy a soloist or group Huh, I put it to ya boy Hope you got the scoop Biggie Smalls, the rap genius I keep the glock by the penis, the cleanest cut Fuck the sluts with the big humongous butts Huh, I use a rubber, but My style is gushy like the hooker's pussy And it don't take a lot of back talk to push me Into flamin' 'em like that little nigga Damien Pop 19 to my motherfuckin' cranium Game tight, gun totin' motherfucker Niggaz in the grave thought Biggie was a sucker I tricked 'em- I gave 'em work then I sticked 'em I stripped 'em, cause niggaz don't want the friction Told you before how I bring the dra-ma Slam Larry Johnson and his Grandma-ma [Chorus X4] BIG + (Girl) What you want, nigga? (What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga? What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?) [Diddy adlibs] Aye yo Time to bring 'em back Yeah [JAY-Z] (BIG) It's the Commission, niggaz B-I-G lives on ???, Brooklyn Uh, uh, uh, uh, Let's go! It's fuckin' deadly Lucky Lefty of the Commission, bow down By now you fuckers know this is our crown Two Uptown bullies, Brooklyn Biggie Bedstuy Hov like Bedstuy Gold Behold the fly-est (it's the Commission) Bentley drivers, Louis Vuitton buyers Jet fuel abusers, sippin' Petrus +Once Upon A Time In America+'s muse You based on us, you fiction Ya eight's don't bust, you a constant contradiction Ladies please use contraception Conception's at a all time high with sexin' Use protection You fuckers shoulda never been born, shoulda never got signed How the fuck you got on? How the fuck you got Shawn? I'm too advanced, the Lance Armstrong of the dance Rubberband man before T.I. was King of New York like B.I. was B.K. all day, it's in my blood You wanna see my mask and gloves? What the fuck you want? [Chorus X4] BIG + (Girl) What you want, nigga? (What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga? What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?) [Diddy] Two of the world's greatest Brooklyn's Finest The Commission lives on BIG Forever The Biggie Duets Let's go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: O.C. f/ Jay-Z Album: Bonafied 12" Song: Bonafied Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [O.C.] Yo, fuck having my neck dripped, with jewels that don't mean shit This man behind his rhyme is the nigga that's slick Licking my thumbs, counting papers from my street-smart wigs In the club we ?hub rows? taking some flicks Pushing the same whips niggas got with platinum stacks Two LP's far from gold, you people think I'm selling crack Nah, they see me living with a smile on my face And if you see me in the spot I'm down low in the place Sipping my liquor, Remi Martin running through my liver Sucking, all in and feels, the shit tastes bitter Having fun, for that particular time and date I feel I'm almost to the point, so I calmly skate Fuck all the broads, fuck all the cats who appluad my name Who wouldn't give me no love if I wasn't in the game I'm full of suprises, analyze the all wise Ricarders protect my eyes when I'm dipping On the BQ my Benz see through Fuck tints, I'm live nigga, and so is my people Half of me is godly, the other half is evil So if it comes down to it, I'm strapped and we do it, feel me [Jay-Z] Love is life and life is love Real live niggas and bonafied thugs Career criminals with ice-grilled mugs Not afraid to shed blood to bleed, I believe because (Repeat 2x) [O.C.] Yo, I try to live my life right, Earth is like the tree of life Tempted by the forbidden fruit of my face, I want to take a bite of it It looks sweet, making my mouth water, then I thought Of a foul thought of filming somebody daughter on camcorder She of age but her mind's in the cage Fuck my man and my man and my man, for no wage Savage cause, Devil's got me locked by the balls Inside my soul, good and evil fighting a war Mixed feelings like Remi and cranberry a man How will he fall if I shoot him dead where he stand? I'm thinking like Charles Manson, dreaming of Marilyn Manson Praying over my grave, deep with the klansman Roots of evil coming in shapes and forms I cannot identify what's right or what's wrong All I know is sometimes I fiend for dough, fiend for clothes And fiend for hoes backstage at my shows, uh [Jay-Z] Love is life and life is love Real live niggas and bonafied thugs Career criminals with ice-grilled mugs Not afraid to shed blood to bleed, I believe because (Repeat 2x) [O.C.] Yo, life is full of lessons that we all must learn Take head and pay attention cause of drastic turn Can be just around the corner, waiting coming dead on In the pit, so how ya living in the path you're on It's in the cards being dealt, I want the best for me It's Love, Hell or Right, O.C. has a destiny To be the best that I can be, that means giving my all I'm too intelligent and bright to be taking a fall I'm 20 some odd years old, young, black, and I'm fars I'm living to see some grandkids and die of natural cause Retire somewhere living in the Keys of Fla. Sipping on Coors, all in happy, spitting tobacco from my jaws The price of hard living, hard work, granted you're given a chance y'all Succeed and advance far Taking advantage, opportunities is right in your face Avoided unless driven to murder was the case, uh [Jay-Z] Love is life and life is love Real live niggas and bonafied thugs Career criminals with ice-grilled mugs Not afraid to shed blood to bleed, I believe because (Repeat 2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: O'Neal, Shaquille f/ Jay-Z, Lord Tariq Album: You Can't Stop The Reign Song: No Love Lost Typed by: brians@compusmart.ab.ca [Shaq] beleive it or not, I love all playa hatas (bring it) ha ha ha ha cause ain't no love lost here baby say what you gotta say [Tariq] people know me on these streets playa I ain't new lookin' at me all funny while I'm countin' my money surpise what I do is already legalized analyze what I toss across there ain't no love lost [Shaq] exuberant, change, cross, exilhurated flomboyant, but boncey on beat breaks, I'm animated now it's been stated, I'm lyrically enthusiastic I'm dope like all east coast CDs wrapped through plastic what's the meaning of life, y'all should know in my lifetime I need a whole lotta dough, bro no need to get zealous, you jealous, say you jealous I spike on that --- like Monica Seles I split a divine rhyme, exsquisite like some elegant wine here's a toast, the world is mine I promise I'm a keep it punk I represent the real hip-hop, I ain't no freakin' country bumpkin hooparistic, freakaristic, poetic frenzy with conception I got more flavor than a mystic fringe benfit-ic, urging y'all to get wit it style postulates, now pause while you gets splitted I'm not just taco, I'm the whole enchilado enter any center blowin' up like Desperado [Tariq] people know me on these streets playa I ain't new lookin' at me all funny while I'm countin' my money surpise what I do is already legalized analyze what I toss across it ain't no love lost [Shaq] people know me on these streets playa I ain't new lookin' at me all funny while I'm countin' my money surpise what I do is already legalized analyze what I toss across ain't no love lost [Tariq] L.A. to Bronx to Bekailen together we provide a ton of better on the way and we rhyme related very under-estimated, that's why I'm winnin' in this world of sins, steady grinning, money boss spendin' distanced from dirty women, Lord, I'm quite influential spirtualy and mental, what you into I'd a been through preachin' my words and don't know it, you owe it it shows you wanna be me but won't show it ain't nothin' changed but the playas the game remains the same I had a ten year run, hey, I can't complain took the next step see, from Coke to Pepsi from the B.X., we ridin' to South Beach on jet ski play to survive, you ain't live, you just livin' you breathin' a good one, but where I'm from y'all forbidden come around, bad decision, you'd rather be in prison ain't no duckin' when I'm delivering, won't be forgiver-in' layin' there shiverin, half the night you gotta walk towards the light, everything is aight make sure, everything you endure stays tight Big Shaq, Lord Tariq, Jay-Z outta sight [Jay-Z] people know me on these streets and the towns I been through looking at me, stay focused, I'm givin' 'em straight focus suprise, what I do is already legalized analyze how I floss across of course there ain't no love lost [Shaq] people know me on these streets playa I ain't new lookin' at me all funny while I'm countin' my money surpise what I do is already legalized analyze what I toss across there ain't no love lost [Jay-Z] fo' sho', everything's for dough now I flow, y'all gotta pay a little mo' now it's platinumn, nowadays we put the gold down we stepped it up, y'all don't ever wanna showdown get wetted up by the sleeve that leave the bets wild y'all don't like it, sue me got settled out ghettoed out, in the vehicle bent these days I mellowed out see, success make a fella content un huh you know, this rap stuff, pop a ??? Jay-Z hugo, course playa, you lost playa I know you rappers wanna see me fail but quick to see a six-hundred S.L. B-12 live wit it y'all got dough to get get it I got mine your little bit of money couldn't stop mine your block time too high, too many hands in your pie seventy thirty, the ------ work for, work for me bottom line [Shaq] people know me on these streets playa I ain't new lookin' at me all funny while I'm countin' my money surpise what I do is already legalized analyze what I toss across there ain't no love lost The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Original Flavor f/ Jay-Z Album: Beyond Flavor Song: Can I Get Open Typed by: i3omb1st@aol.com Ready on the right, the right, the right,  ready on the left, the left, the left Ready on the right, the right, the right,  ready on the left, the left, the left Ski: Ayo T, Can i get open? (You know it) Hey Jay, Can i get open? (You know it) Hey ya'll, Can i get open? (You know it!!) (You want a fly style Ski's about to show it) Verse 1: Ski As I, um you know, play you like Uno Sigga-sigga slam a jam, jugga just like a sumo I gets big, check out my thingamajigum Styles I kick em, suger smack ya dig em Divva-divva damn, I'm divva on a sigga-sigga slam You knows who I am, you knows who I am Back up that's an order Da-da, Da-da, get out the water Nah not yet, ready, set, go! When I grab the mic they get pet-tro-fied Why?, Hey! I'm just so fly Lions, Tigers, Bears, oh my God!! Goodness gracious, whitness style Drive a child wild I'm rippin this microphone Ain't no place like home, Ain't no place like home Tone Hooker: Yo Ski, Can i get open? (You know it) Hey Jay, Can i get open? (You know it) Hey ya'll, Can i get open? (You know it!!) (You want a fly style T's about to show it) Verse 2: Tone Hooker You know they got me like, Holy cow, what can you do now? When I flip the style girls be like "Ohh child" I'm living dangerous  But as strange as living the lifestyle of a bad rich and famous kid When I get raw baby paw better parlay Beat me?, aww please, that's what they all say You can't get with the kid, no not the kid "Uh-uh no he didn't", oh yes I did Well I wax enough backsides in a jiffy "I know he ain't just front on him", but you damn skippy Good god, damn I'm slam hard With my sqaud, uh good god Damn I'ma scream, AH he's a dream Boat when I float, rough on every note Mean like a horror flick, till tomorrow I'm gone, ghost, peace, sianara Jay-Z: Yo T, Can i get open? (You know it) Hey Ski, Can i get open? (You know it) Hey ya'll, Can i get open? (You know it!!) (You want a fly style Jay's about to show it) Verse 3: Jay-Z Well, cause Can I? is never a question of how but When I rip it, will I quit it, forget it Still I'm always on point whenever I hit it Biting's forbidden, don't do what ya gonna..., too late ya'll did it I'm shredding the track, I'm burning you back-back, like Backdraft Brotha's who running the crack down I stutter, that-that niggas fast I pick up the pieces, I straigten it out like Pete Rock Or C is, or creases, it's your choice, Jesus--Christ I'm nice like that, you freakin gay right I flow like water, so put your finger in a dyke I slam, I got original flavor, pick up the jam I killed Chico, and now it's just me- The Man Go get your gun I go all out with a can Brothers is having a hard time with who I am J kicken it, A rippin it, way past Y I'm so crraazzyy, AAAAHHHH Jay-Z: Did I get open? (you know it) Tone Hooker: Hey ya'll did I get open? (you know it) Ski: Hey ya'll did I get open? (you know it) All: You know it, you know it, you know it (Repeat 10X till fade): Ready on the right, the right, the right,  ready on the left, the left, the left The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: OutKast f/ Jay-Z, Killer Mike Album: Speakerboxxx Song: Flip Flop Rock Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Big Boi] Yeah.. ATLiens style on y'all ass [K. Mike] DO OR DIE, AQUEMINI [K. Mike] Killer Mike, Roc-A-Fella collaboration - holla! [Y. Hova] Young Hov' in the place to be [Y. Hova] Big Boi in the place to be (Young) [Y. Hova] Andre 3000 (cash) shout out to public housin (bitch) [Y. Hova] I brought (holla) the whole hood with me [Big Boi] You got red dirt in your afro [Y. Hova] Young Hov' in the place to be (yeah) [Y. Hova] OutKast in the place to be (yeah) [Verse One: Big Boi] Did you ever think that you would be the nigga on the block Didn't have to break a steerin column, didn't have to cook a rock A damn goodie two-shoes, that what they call ya Never judge a person or a book by it's covers Just because my tone is darker than yours, a little tanner You never took the time out, examine yourself boi .. are you black, white, asian? Indonesian, or Borean - that's black and Korean We on the same team if we breathin I jumped off the subject to see if you was seein that we drop a little science off in every verse They put that P.A. sticker on it cause they scared we gon' curse But the knowledge is the power, the cowards get devoured Any hour, any cipher, any way to any height Because I might just SNAP on a FUCK-ass nigga Might clap a cap at a sucka-ass nigga In the meantime, Daddy Fatsacks gon' chill out He might just, pull out his pistol and let that thang whistle at your windshield or your residence Superman to Clark Kent, you better be way harder than the park bench to start this Marcus, Jason, my little brother James All my brothers from my momma but Andre is just the same Ain't no uno, we a duo; deuce dos to a pair A player stiffen the competition Pressed like Levi's and toughskins, one minus one Negative one minus negative one is nothin Bustin d-boy raps and player poems The 'Kast shit ain't plastic, we smash it and move the crowd And rock the crowd original material while you bore 'em Your live show consists of everybody's shit but you're-uns Do your own shit! In your live show (bitin ass nigga) [Chorus: Jay-Z - repeat 2X] Young Hov' in the place to be Big Boi in the place to be (Young) Andre 3000 (cash) shout out to public housin (bitch) I brought (holla) the whole hood with me (yeah, yeah) [Verse Two: Big Boi] Penelope Ann Cruz couldn't snooze with her +Eyes Wide Shut+, before I asked to hit her gut If you brunette, +Legally Blonde+ I might respond Take you to +Swan Lake+ and beyond Antwan raps on, raps on, clap off clap on I switch the flow so quick you cannot fa-thom I take a submarine two thousand leagues below the sea and try to grab one line or sentence Rhyme repentance, find the illest lyricist And give him a clean bill of health Wealth might make you look good but you sound like shit And your team lookin shitty to death [Verse Three: Killer Mike] My nigga Big Boi said, watch 'em as they gawk and they gander You can follow or lead like Commander Picard You can have +The Whole World+ Or be satisfied with the boulevard, overstand this young player's rhyme I foregoed the crime and I focused on rhyme Focused on every word, and line Like a young Cassius Clay in his prime I was born to talk shit and prove mine, and I'm the epitome of raw rhyme Got signed, got serious about the craft of raw rhyme and I got mine - Aquemini's murderous monster move minds Did it so hard that it oughta be a crime When you see I'm comin holla one-time, holla one-time When you see I'm comin holla one-time (one-time) [Interlude] Don't, you, like, to groove In your hooptie on your old, flip, flop, sweatshoes To run yo' tennis shoes Don't, it, matter to you That OutKast we got that slump for y'all Keep that funk for y'all [Verse Four: Jay-Z] When I'm in the mood I rock the S Dot tennis shoes At the interlude, I got the Gucci flip-flops And I, fix it up like gin and juice when I'm them interviews dudes wanna know what he copped And where you got that, and how could they buy that Where the million dollar watch at, stop that! Why that, why this, niggaz wanna hijack the flyness I'm on a whole 'nother plane A whole different lane, a whole 'nother game that I'm playin Understand what I'm sayin Hov' and OutKast, whatchu think about that? Really don't matter though what you niggaz chatter though Anybody get out of line then you trust that the mac'll go b-r-r-r-r-ap, got you killed for that alone Back on the shit, back on the strip Another hit I'm not gon' miss [Interlude] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Panjabi MC f/ Jay-Z Album: Beware of the Boys (Mundian to Bach Ke) 12" Song: Beware of the Boys (Remix) Typed by: nikki871112@msn.com, junooni_@hotmail.com [Jay-Z] Uh, uh, It's the Roc in the building Khaliq (Wussup), Ramel (Wussup), Pharrell in the house [Punjabi MC] Mimian tho buch jerey bukh rakh ley Pal which nu mukhra lawkay rakh ley [Jay-Z] Yes, Live from United States Brooklyn New York it's ya boy, Young The Neptunes is in the house [Punjabi MC] Mimian tho buch jerey bukh rakh ley Pal which mukhra nu lawkay rakh ley [Jay-Z] The Neptunes is in the house [Punjabi MC]) Aami kari na kisi day nal pyar Mundian to bach ke rahi [Jay-Z] Soon as the beat drop we got the streets locked Overseas with Punjabi MC and the Roc I came to see the mamis in the spot On the count of three drop your body like it's hot 1, Young, 2, you, want, to, 3 Young Hov's a snake charmer, move your body like a snake mama Make me wanna put the snake on ya I'm on my 8th summer, still hot Young's the 8th wonder All I do is get bread, yeah I take Wonder I take one of your chics straight from under your armpit The black Brad Pitt, I mack 'til six in the AM All day I'm P-I-M-P, I am simply Attached to the track like symphony It's simply good, Young Hov, infinitely hood [Punjabi MC] Kari na kisi day nal pyar Mundian to bach ke rahi Nhi to hunay hunay hoeyi mutyar Mundian to bach ke rahi Nhi to hunay hunay hoeyi mutayar Mundian to bach ke rahi-oye [Jay-Z (over Punjabi MC verse)] R.O.C, and you don't stop Punjabi MC, and you don't stop Nigga NYC and we don't stop It's the Roc, it's the Roc R.O.C, and we don't stop Punjabi MC, and we don't stop It's ya boy Jay-Z, and we don't stop Nigga R.O.C, and we won't stop [Punjabi MC] Tera ki kasoor jun nashen nal hon gayai Sikh ki adama shermeley nal hon gayai Tera ki kasoor jun nashen nal hon gayai Sikh ki adama shermeley nal hon gayai Sam ke rakh niye jobney puntali Sam ke rakh niye jobney puntali Hun murkay nu aunye pahar Mundian to bach ke rahi [Jay-Z (over Punjabi MC verse)] Aha Yes, bounce, bounce, bounce Bounce, bounce, yes Uh, uh, uh, uh, yes [Jay-Z] Ma, I ain't gotta tell you but it's ya boy Hov From the U.S., you just, lay down slow Catch ya boy minglin' in England, nettlin' in the Netherlands Checkin' in daily under aliases We rebellious, we back home, screamin' leave Iraq alone But all my soldiers in the field, I will wish you safe return But only love kills war when will they learn It's international Hov, I been havin' the flow Before Bin Laden got Manhattan to blow Before Ronald Reagan got Manhattan to blow Before I was cappin' it then back before Before we had it all day, poppin' in the hallway Cop one offa someone to give you more yey Yea, but that's another stor-ay But for now mami turn it around and let the boy play (Jay) [Punjabi MC] Gora gora rang uthay mil jandi thor Hun teri jaisi soni koeyi nal Mundian tho bach ke rahi Nhi to hunay hunay hoeyi mutyar Mundian to bach ke rahi Nhi to hunay hunay hoeyi mutyar Mundian to bach ke rahi-oye [Jay-Z (over Punjabi MC verse)] R.O.C, and you don't stop Punjabi MC, and you don't stop Nigga NYC and we don't stop It's the Roc, it's the Roc R.O.C, and we don't stop Punjabi MC, and we don't stop It's ya boy Jay-Z, and we don't stop Nigga R.O.C, and we won't stop Aha Yes, bounce, bounce, bounce Bounce, bounce, yes [Punjabi MC] Mundian ta bullo ta teriya kahania Chani nhi pathul di galiya bishania Kopara de bullo ta teria kahania Chani nhi pathul di galiya bishania Ranjua ta huya tera roop da deewana Ranjua ta huya tera roop da deewana Chal sukhia na hus dabar Mundian to bach ke rahi Nhi to hunay hunay hoeyi mutyar Mundian to bach ke rahi Nhi to hunay hunay hoeyi mutyar Mundian to bach ke rahi-oye The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell f/ Jay-Z Album: In My Mind Song: Young Girl Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com (You know) (you know listen to me) Mama help I fell in love with a young girl (thats true, so true) (you're the only girl I love to) My heart was soakin and I will be in a young world (so true, so true, listen) I wasn't tryin to lead her on See I didn't wanna be alone But when she smiles she braught me home So I braught her home, Its not that the fealin of love is gone Cant expect a car little girl to be grown I cant give a fuck what so and so says Crushes hurt both ways What on earth, what I'm suppose to do What on earth, what I'm suppose to do What on earth, what I'm suppose to do Somebody tell me what I'm suppose to do Mama help I fell in love with a young girl! What on earth, what I'm suppose to do Young girl, so in love with you What on earth, what I'm suppose to do What on earth, what I'm suppose to do What on earth, what I'm suppose to do Somebody tell me what I'm suppose to do My heart was soakin and I will be in a young world! What on earth, what I'm suppose to do Young Young girl, so in love with you The single girls are out tonight But you have one word, my heart, one life And I'm not lookin around So why you lookin down (what you lookin down for?) I fucked up a long time ago See I should have never let you know See I couldnt give a fuck what tabloids say (as the people magazine) And crushes hurt both ways What on earth, what I'm suppose to do What on earth, what I'm suppose to do What on earth, what I'm suppose to do Somebody tell me what I'm suppose to do Mama help I fell in love with a young girl! What on earth, what I'm suppose to do Young girl, so in love with you What on earth, what I'm suppose to do What on earth, what I'm suppose to do What on earth, what I'm suppose to do Somebody tell me what I'm suppose to do My heart was soakin and I will be in a young world! What on earth, what I'm suppose to do Young girl, so in love with you [Jay-Z] Hove got a young girl Hove got a young girl Still not quite 21 So high string Such a vibrant thing I introduce myself, (hi miss thing) You're 19? No, you're lighting in a bottle I give you a ring tomorrow The scene that follows Screams of horror Classic Steven King novel Mamma dont think you should take someone so advanced in romance You should just wait Pappa dont preach Hove dont bight Hopin threw it I might mo your life Cuz ima show you right Proper etecit how to hold your knife Keep it competetive with Opras ?ice? Be like Janet (take controll of your life) What on earth, what I'm suppose to do (young girl) What on earth, what I'm suppose to do (young girl) What on earth, what I'm suppose to do (young girl) Somebody tell me what I'm suppose to do (young girl) Mama help I fell in love with a young girl! What on earth, what I'm suppose to do (to young, I'm never to young) Young girl, so in love with you (cuz I'm never to young) What on earth, what I'm suppose to do (to young, I'm never to young) What on earth, what I'm suppose to do (cuz I'm never to young) What on earth, what I'm suppose to do (to young, I'm never to young) Somebody tell me what I'm suppose to do (cuz I'm never to young!) My heart was soakin and I will be in a young world! What on earth, what I'm suppose to do Young girl, so in love with you (this is where the story begins baby) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Jay-Z Album: Forever Song: Do You Like It, Do You Want It Typed by: Delph226@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com [Jay-Z] Picture me ballin' in the drop top, open skies In something foreign, soarin', 145 The God is calling for my body, let my spirit fly I want it all, no lie Picture me pourin' poppin' something imported Pedal flooring, clutch poppin', boppin' to Lauryn Now picture me falling [Puffy] Never seen, never heard, never happened, never occurred Now picture me flying 10,000 feet above the sea Popping bubbly, you'd love to be me Now picture the servants in the cabin with the sweetest massage Picture having ice and only wanna speak to God Picture your dreams being shattered and your cream being lavished At the same time, tell me what you think matters Picture all the money that I've gotten off tours Now picture me plotting for more, picture this nigga 1 - 	[Both] 	Do you like it (yeah) 	Wanna do the things that I do 	Tell me do you want it (yeah) 	Wanna know what it's like in my shoes 	Do you need it (yeah) 	Wanna see the things that I see 	Tell me do you want it (yeah) 	Wanna know what it's like to be me [Puffy] Picture me wildin', fiendin', reaching for tools Straight flipping, losing my cool Now picture me gritty, P. Diddy 'bout to run in your house The gun's with me, put one in your mouth Now picture me dressed in white linen while your life is ending Slightly grinning, picture that priceless image Picture me broke as fuck on your block about to open up Like Okay nigga, what's up [Jay-Z] Picture me driving a course through your home, bustin' a "U" Screaming at the top of my lungs "YOU FUCKING WITH WHO?" Picture me not being that hustler dude Picture the Benz, a 5, and the drop not new Picture the watch ain't platinum, and the rock's not blue Picture y'all niggaz not knowing how I do Picture me, better yet picture you Painting a better picture than the one that I drew Repeat 1 [Puffy] Where do you go from here when you felt you've done it all When what used to get you high don't get you high no more When you got a lot of cars, don't even drive no more When you're expected to win, they ain't surprised no more [Jay-Z] Hold up, stop, wait, reverse the tape How much money can one nigga make in one place How much dough could you hold in one safe How many hoes can a nigga really chase [Puffy] Where do you go after the applause After all the Soul Train and Grammy awards, after the tours After asking these whores what they after me for Is it the money? The fame? The house, take it all [Jay-Z] The sky's the limit, but I ain't done jumping Money is fast, but I ain't done running Picture me driving some wack shit Picture me folding under pressure, picture that shit Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Jay-Z, Notorious B.I.G. Album: No Way Out Song: Young G's Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Biggie] Uhh, check it out, uhh *singing* I steps in where the Mo's and the hoes at bay-bee! Fuck all that pretty shit Takin it back to the gutter for you motherfuckers Niggaz know the deal Niggaz know who the Don is Live from Bedford-Stuyvesant, the livest one Peep game, uhh, what, what [Verse One: Puff Daddy] Out of this world like Mars, when I spit these bars Come fuck with these stars up in luxury cars We built them radars to stay free from the cops Crucial choices to make, like A-C or the drop Are we gonna stop? Shit man never my squad go broke Your squad arti-choke Watch your circle vanish like cigar smoke Ain't no joke, when your ones don't show Nigga I know, might say 'Been There Done That' like Dre Through hard work I earn the vault Promise God to never look back or I turn to salt Got nice watches nice cars nice bitches and rings Guess it's safe to say a nigga like me got nice things Can't relate to motherfuckers, who ain't go no cake When you all fucked up, and can't get no break When your fake ass friends, don't help you out when you need it Be on some real bullshit, politely tell you to beat it Fuck that, get your own nigga, don't ask me for shit That's what I did, now they all askin for hits Nigga it's on for the simple fact I let it be known We still fly but seperately cause now I, charter my own Propellers, Goodfellas, leave all them playa haters jealous Billboard charts should tell us, they can't touch us Why niggaz bring the ruckus? Because release day is bigger than Mandela's, motherfuckers Just some ghetto boys Living in these ghetto streets -- these ghetto streets And everyday they gotta fight to stay alive It's just reality [Verse Two: Jay-Z] Yeah, ye-ye-yeah, check These here's the dog years and motherfuckers don't shed I try to bring you life but motherfuckers want dead So I travel with the barrel, with the chrome, with the lead Cause when it's on, then it's on, the shots flowin through your head I been rich I been poor I saved and blown bread Some say I been here before because of the way I zone Some said, Jigga zone is like the fallin of Rome Reoccuring, that he thinks like that cause he's observing Won't be known until I'm gone and niggaz study my bones Mentally been many places, but I'm Brooklyn's own In the physical, onee seems, like a lost body In fact my thoughts don't differ much from that of God body But it's the odd shottie, that got cats, likening me to the mob John Gotti, rap dudes bitin me cause I got it locked like the late Bob Marley Pardon me y'all, the great Bob Marley Solemnly we mourn, all the rappers that's gone Niggaz that got killed in the field and all the babies born Know they ain't fully prepared for this New World Order So I keep it ghetto like sunflower seeds and quarter waters You walk em through it, you know, talk em through it Know these beads is more than music whenever I talk to it Destined for greatness and y'all knew this, when I doubled the pie Had a shorty and a girdle comin out of B-W-I (in school) I hated algebra but I loved to multiply And I told my nigga Big I'd be multi before I die It's gonna happen whether rappin or clappin have it your way Cause if that's my dough you're trappin, I'm clappin your way [Verse Three: Notorious B.I.G.] Damn it feel good to see people up on it Flipped two keys in two weeks and didn't flaunt it My brain is haunted, with mean dreams GS's with BB's on it, supreme schemes, to get Richer than Richie, quickly, niggaz wanna hit me If they get me, dress my body in linen by Armani, check it My lyrical carjack, make your brains splat High caliber gats is all I fuck with, now peep the rough shit in my circumfrence, mad bitches, with mad lucci Bulletproof vestes under they coochie Spittin my uzi, don't lose me, my trigga niggaz represent Drivin dirty in J-30's gettin bent And to my hit hoes, my murder mommies I be smokin trees in Belize when they find me While you still killin niggaz with punany, like heiny and Cyrus up in Cypress fuck you raw you on the floor with the virus While I just, slang coke, smoke pounds to choke Got lawyers watchin lawyers so I won't go broke, now check it Them country niggaz call me Frank White I'm squirtin off in my loft of course I know my shit's tight Sunrise open my eyes no surprise Got my shorty flyin in with keys taped to her thighs With all the utensils, who hang my china thing She half black half oriental eighty-six she got me rental The situation ain't accidental.. What? From a, from a young G's perspective.. (repeat 2X) [Chorus] - 2X to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rell f/ Jay-Z Album: The Transporter Soundtrack Song: It's Obvious Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Jay-Z] Y-yea . . . The flow so amazin' nigga! Uh, it's yo boy . . young Uh huh, I brought Rell wit me Timbo on the track J-Breezy! Take it easy I got ya homie Let's do the damn thing Rell [Verse: Jay-Z] When girls stop and stare it's obvious it's the "Roc" Your vision's impaired it's obvious it's the watch Park nine for being pasumptious It could be that ash it cuts in my ear or some shit Oh stop your dumb shit, Hov is hot It ain't just hoes and guns shit, I switch top Big sneakers can't see wit their op-tics They optical allusions don't confuse dudes wit him Uh, it's obvious stayin' used to win Used to being in that Jeep deuce deuce like him G-4 land a teeted barrel (whoo) Fitted sombrero to the side, nigga my stride is so ghetto Projects strut, hop out the plane hop in my truck Just in time, hop off my thugs It's obvious you got hate in you thug You want the crown you got to take it in blood Nigga what! (c'mon) [Verse: Rell] Wit every step, wit every move Scared of me, in the mood All I see, is her and me Gettin' down, I said gettin' down! I love her frown, I love her smile Most of all, I love that she's wild Watchin' her, watchin' me Escapin' to her, she's talkin' to me! [Chorus: Rell] Girl, I can tell by the look in your eyes and the way that you back it up I can tell that you like it rough rough - oh yes it's obvious! Plus, I'm a freak and I know it's your style cause we get bubble while makin' love I can tell that you like it rough rough - oh yes it's obvious! [Verse: Rell] It's in your walk, it's in your vibe In your claws, some in your eyes Chasin' you, you chasin' me We belong, like Adam and Eve You're the Queen, I'm the King Shall no one, intervene Kinky things, thuggish things Crazy things, anything! [Interlude: Rell] I can, I can tell I can, I can tell that you like it rough I can tell, I can tell that you like it rough I can tell, I can tell that you like it rough (I can't deny it baby!) I can tell, I can tell that you like it rough (so don't complicate it!) [Bridge: Rell] Don't complicate it (noo no) Be my lady (love or hate it) Love or hate it (nooo) You belong to me (babe) Don't complicate it (said don't complicate it) Be my lady (be my lady) Don't contemplate it (nooo nooo) You belong to me [Chorus] (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Dr. Dre, Jay-Z Album: God Forgives, I Don't Song: 3 Kings Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Dr. Dre] Yeah! Classic hip hop shit! Dr. D-R-E!!! Rozay and Jay! Let's get 'em! [Verse One: Dr. Dre] We started out moppin floors, and now we front row at the awards Another one for the last twenty years If you real motherfucker scream cheers!!! Motherfucker scream cheers!!! Yeah, and it is what it is He wanted to shine at the swap meet 'Til them white boys got him on that hot seat Only love it when her hair long You should listen to this beat through my headphones Money long number one twenty years strong Fuck a gym I am him Andre Young G5's to six fo's, Dre got em! If the bitch bad I got her in red bottoms Great weed, nice homes, bread proper Tech nine, one chamber, top shotta Bentley Coupe, new yacht, my helicopter Born broke, real nigga +Straight Outta Compton+ The fuck you magazine niggas want from me?!! I rewrote the game nigga now talk money! All black on my Al Capone shit I built the house nigga get your own shit I only love it when her hair long You should listen to this beat through my headphones [Interlude: Rick Ross] See y'all niggas, hit the switches on that shit one time HUH! Let the top down [Verse Two: Rick Ross] I came a long way from the weed game Twenty stacks seats at the Heat game (WOO!) And I'm still strapped with the heat mayne (HUH!) Can't be steppin on a nigga feet mayne (HA!) Ev'ry pair of sneakers came from the d game Cousin was a crip, said it was a c thang Brown bag money in a duffle bag Fuck 'em all weigh a mill we gotta double back The homey whippin chickens in his mama kitchen On a mission said he did it for his son's tuition (HUH!) Real niggas dreams come into fruition Stumblin but I never fall leanin on my pistol (WOO!) I only love her when that ass fat We should listen to this track in my maybach (*M-M-M-Maybach Music!) I'm just tryin to be a billionaire Come and suck a dick for a millionaire HUH! [Interlude: Jay-Z] UH! It's just different, I know it feel different [Verse Three: Jay-Z] Uh! I only love her if her eyes brown Play this shit while you play around with my crown King H-O y'all should know by now If you don't know UH! Millions on the wall in all my rooms Niggas couldn't fuck with my daughter's room Niggas couldn't walk in my daughter's socks Bank see bitches Basciat I ran through that buck fifty Live Nation funded me They workin on another deal they talkin TWO HUNDRED FIFTY!!! I'm holdin out for three Two seventy five and I just might agree Ex d boy used to park my beamer Now look at me I could park in my own arena I only love her if her weave knew  I'm still a hood nigga what you want me to do Been hoppin out the B.M. with your BM Takin her places you can't go with your per diem Screamin carpe diem until I'm a dead poet Robin Williams shit, I deserve a Golden Globe bitch! I take a Ace in the meanwhile You ain't gotta keep this Khaled it's just a freestyle Fuck rap money I made more off crates Fuck show money I spent that on drapes Close the curtains fuck boy out my face! I whip the coke let the lawyer beat the case Murder was the case that they gave me I killed the Hermes store somebody save me Stuntin to the Max, like, wavy.....OH SHIT!!!! Oh! Stuntin to the Max I'm so wavy Used to shop in TJ Maxx back in '83  [Outro: Jay-Z] I don't even know if it was open then, I ain't know Oprah then Had the XL80 bike, loud motor they be like Damn when I'm comin through rammmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!! Had a grill in '88, y'all niggas is late You got all that right? UH!  I love this shit like my own daughter And spray these niggas baby just like daddy taught ya Young! It's just different! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Jay-Z, John Legend Album: Teflon Don Song: Free Mason Typed by: jbpjuice@ymail.com This is for the soldiers the see the sun at midnight, ya dig let me slow down it's so incredible [Rick Ross] I go in the grave before I be a bich nigga Better behave you dealin' with some rich nigga we the lost symbols speak in cryptic codes ancient wisdom valuable like gifts of Gold I embark on life my path is all math I understand the codes these hackers can't crack I understand these folks expect me to fold community control to violate parole I wont fail but a lot of men will I'm iconic in the field like Solomons Seal Uh, it's just in an intro allow my flow time to sink into the temple Free Mason Free Lancer Free Agents, we faster Big contracts, big contractors built pyramids, period We Masters no caterpillers, it was just a lot of niggas A lot of great thinkers and a lot of great inventors All white mansion, I'm the child of God All black diamonds times were hard New Rolls Royce Guess you made it nigga all white neighbourhood you they favourite nigga you they favourite nigga my top back like JFK they wanna push my top back like JFK So, So I JFK, join forces with the kings and we ate all day right now I could rewrite history I stopped writing so fuck it I'll do it mentally [Chorus - Rick Ross] I go to the grave before I be a bich nigga Better behave you dealin' with some rich niggas Started in the ghetto now we worldwide Multiplying and I pray to God we never die (repeat) [Verse 2 - Jay-Z] Niggas couldn't do nothing with me they put the devil on me I would have preferred if niggas squeeze the metal on me Rumours of Lucifer I don't know who to trust whole world want my demise turn my music up here me clearly, if y'all niggas fear me just say y'all fear me fuck all these fairy tales go to hell This is God engineering This is a Hail Mary pass y'all interfering he without sin shall cast the first stone so y'all look in the mirror double check your appearance bitch I said I was amazing Not that I'm a Mason It's amazing that I made it though the maze that I was in Lord forgive me I never would've made it without sin Holy water my face in the basin Diamonds in my Rosary shows He forgave him Bitch I'm red hot, I'm on my third six but the devil I'm not My Jesus peice flooded but thou shall not covet keep your eyes off my cupboard I'm a bad motherfucker it's HOV just say you love it [Rick Ross - Chorus] [John Legend] If I ever die, never let it be said I didn't win never, never say never sya Legend didn't go in (imma go in) I just wanna die on Top of the World Makin love to my favorite girl makin beuatiful music we makin a movie we knew we was born to do it [Rick Ross - Chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Jay-Z, Young Jeezy Album: Hustlin' 12" Song: Hustlin' (Remix) Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Intro with Jay-Z ad-libs] Everyday I'm hustlin' Hustle, hustlin' hustlin' Hustle, hustlin' hustlin' Hustle, hustlin' hustlin' [Hook with Jay-Z ad-libs] Everyday I'm hustlin' Everyday I'm hustlin' Everyday I'm hustlin' Everyday I'm hustlin' Everyday I'm, everyday I'm, everyday I'm hustlin' Ev-ev-ev-everyday I'm hustlin' Everyday I'm hustlin' Ev-ev-ev-everyday I'm hustlin' Ev-ev-everyday I'm, everyday I'm, everyday I'm hustlin' Everyday I'm hustlin' hustlin' hustlin' hust-hustlin' [Bridge with Jay-Z ad-libs] Hustle real hard Hustle, hustle real hard Hustle real hard Hustle, hustle real hard Hustlin' hustlin' Hustle-hustlin' hustlin' Hustle, everyday I'm, everyday I'm Everyday I'm... [Verse 1 - Jay-Z] Hold up Who you haters think you talkin' to, I'm the fuckin' boss White on white, G4, hater get lost I'm in the air I don't hear niggaz corny raps Yeah nigga Hov is back, yeah nigga Hov is back I got a honey bun, no not a chick I got a honey bun, millions nigga I got couple hundred 'em Ninety-nine problems prick, don't become the hundreth one 'Less you got a hundred lives murder bout a hundred, uh We don't resort to violence, we on resorts and islands With linen shorts and shades, 'case they thought you was lyin' My Louis slippers, Polo top Linen shorts so my balls don't get hot, ha ha Yeah I balls a lot, nah I owns the team Ricky Ross, Roc-A-Fella, I owns the scene Stop playin' with me lames y'all not my equal It ain't no coincidence that my age is a kilo Which means that I'm pordo, which means that I'm gordo Which means that I use a G4, like in auto I'm a walkin' memorial I'm legendary for whippin' whippin' that raw So nigga just let that cause go [Hook with ad-libs] [Bridge] [Verse 2 - Young Jeezy] Hey, let's go Snowman bitch, I don't even wear the same draws Flat screens on my walls, flos look like bowling balls I know Big Meech, the real Big Meech It's over for you clowns soon as my nigga hit them streets I see you ridin' homie, but that ain't hard enough You know me I might pull up in an armored truck I stack big faces, I stack small faces I stack all faces, squares as white as pillowcases I got a dirty mouth but my kitchen's clean Them folks ridin' hid the pots and the triple beams Hit the Dodge lot I must've copped six Magnums Marriott suite, I must've used six magnums Feds on my tail, you know them boys'll six flag ya Testarossa ride, like I'm on a coaster ride G-mix, remix still talkin' white bricks Two million records sold and I'm still talkin' white shit [Hook] [Bridge] [Verse 3 - Rick Ross] I'm the fuckin' future nigga, what you can't see the facts Ya want them pretty things, I'm the one ya need to ask They come cross the border, I'm fulfillin' ya order But the second ya bought her, Fed charges get brought up I'm whippin' the case, like I'm whippin' the base Look ya dead in ya face now tell me how good does it taste Willie Fal-con, I'm the Dow Jones Down South where them D-Boys ground zones We never steal cars, what I'm puttin' miles on Thirty feet, it cost a couple hundred thousand My shit bigger than your's, at the biddin' wars I'm the one they biddin' for, dog I'm just the biggest drought I'm in the distribution, I'm like Def Jam Release fish scales, scales on my desk man [Hook] [Bridge] [Ad-libs] [Hook] [Bridge] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Jay-Z  Album: Trilla  Song: Maybach Music  Typed by: dcs10251980@yahoo.com  [Girl One] + (Girl Two) What is this? (Maybach music)  I like this Maybach music  [Both Girls]  Sweeeeeeeeeeet!  Ha-ha-ha!  [Sample]  Come and take a ride  Come and take a ride  [Rick Ross]  Billionaire  Yayo  JUSTICE LEAGUE  [Rick Ross]  57 years, yes!  Blood for a D-Boy  Hand my mack 11 to the engineer to record  Got the baddest women in the world for me to feed on  Double deck yacht, docked Boss, blowing weed up  Revenue incredible, it put me on a pedestal  Columbia to Mexico, I figure there was a better rule  Look at me, a model now  Models and bottles 'round  A Blood holla', ballin'  But the boys in blue, shot 'em down  Gang-affiliated, colors prosecutors painted  'Cause the niggas I employed, name synonymous with Mi-Yayo  Instrumental that are mental, Maybach kind of mental  400 off the lot, the block is monumental  Some things money can't buy  Like Heaven in the sky, even a better ride  In the rear, so many instruments I hear  Tucked behind curtain, no signs to fear (ROSS!)  I'm higher than a leer / Aaliyah  This Maybach music, designer shit I wear  May cause you to lose it  Close your eyes and inhale the smoke  It's Maybach music, the realest shit I wrote, nigga!  5 ounces, take a toke  Of this Maybach music, the realest shit I wrote  BOSS!  [Jay-Z]  YOUNG!  Fuck it then!  [Jay-Z]  Black Maybach, white seas, black piping  Remind me of Paul McCartney and Mike fighting  You know, +The Girl Is Mine+  +Life's A Bitch+, so +The Whole World Is Mine+  The six-deuce long, the curtains are drawn  Perfectly like a Picasso, Rembrandts and Rocco's  I'm a major player, 40-40's in Vegas at the Palazzo  They said it was not so  Certain things that money can't buy  Like being this fly  'Til then, I'm just gonna' ride!  I'm like G-Rap with better transportation  On the road to the riches, reach my +Final Destination+  And the lair, closer to a leer / Aaliyah  Say a +Prayer+, hope I get ta' see her  When I disappear from here - baby, yeah!  But I don't see the ending through these millionaire lenses  Just the Two M's on the emblem  The partition roof, translucent and Humador  Where refrigerators, where Ace of Spades  two I store!  True story, my closet is like two stories  Cut to the happy ending, 'cause I don't do stories  Shawn Corey, real rap  The Maybach is bananas, peel back!  You feel that?  YOUNG! C'mon!  [Jay-Z]  Realest shit I ever wrote, chillin' in my Maybach  8-track episodes, been doing this since way back  Since way back, since way back  8-track episodes, been doing this since way back!  Realest shit I ever wrote, chillin' in my Maybach  8-track episodes, been doing this since way back  Since way back, since way back  8-track episodes, been doing this since way back!  [Rick Ross]  BOSS!  Can't be stopped now  We got too much cake  [Rick Ross]  They pinching pennies, while I'm muscling for meals  And the muscle be that muzzle, when I stuff it in your grill  Stuffed shells - thanks to crack, I crack  Crab and lobsters, not all mobsters  Imposters - got cha!  Boy, I got an eagle view, slanted on my balcony  Can only stay a week or two, so many people out for me  I bulletproofed the Maybach  Got a killer's intuition  Holding on that mack 11, Makaveli premonition  Waiting on my Suge Knight  One nation under God, since I chose a thug's life  Guess I gotta' play my part  Never will I die, my name symbolize  The hustle for young killers coming from the other side  Some things your money can't buy  Like Heaven in the sky, even a better ride  I'm large, my black car  Menagin' black broads, massage for frauds  I'm livin' large, sellin' fat rocks  In the +Killin' Field+ of hip-hop  Runnin' up on the car, you get popped, mopped and dropped!  I'm The Boss! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rihanna f/ Jay-Z Album: Talk That Talk Song: Talk That Talk Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Talk that talk to me yeah {*2X*} [Jay-Z] I be trying to chill, bitches wanna fuck me Every little city I go, fuck me Shorty musta heard, got the word, I move that D Had it by a bladder, she like "Oh I gotta pee!" Hahaha~! Ran into a rocker in my restroom Singer slash actress in my bedroom Gotta have the ticket for a walk-through Everything I do is big (yeah we talkin) I talk big money, I talk big homes I sell out arenas, I call that gettin dome Million dollar voice, came through the phone We headin to the top if you comin, come on I'm flyin out to Pisa, just to get some pizza Fly down to Jamaica, just to roll some reefer Sex on the beach, left love speechless They say that money talk tell these other niggaz speak up Whassup? [Chorus: Rihanna] One and two and three and four C'mon let me know if you want some more You know what I like right now get it right Boy talk that talk to me all night Yeah boy I like it yeah boy I like it Love it when you talk that talk to me yeah Yeah that talk to me yeah Love it when you talk that talk to me yeah [Rihanna] Say what you want, say you want you like Say you want me to do and I got you Tell me how love you, tell me how to hold you I'ma get it right on the first try for you Cause you ain't never had a woman like me, yeah And you will never have another like me, yeah Noooooo So I'ma give it to you baby [Bridge: repeat 2X] What you sayin now, give it to me baby I want it all night, give it to me baby What you sayin now, give it to me baby Give it to me baby, give it to me baby [Outro] Talk that talk to me yeah {*4X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rhianna f/ Jay-Z Album: Good Girl Gone Bad Song: Umbrella Typed by: Hollatumi@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Jay-Z] Ahuh Ahuh (Yea Rihanna) Ahuh Ahuh (Good girl gone bad) Ahuh Ahuh (Take three... Action) Ahuh Ahuh No clouds in my storms Let it rain, I hydroplane in the bank Coming down with the Dow Jones When the clouds come we gone, we Roc-A-Fella She fly higher than weather And G5s are better, You know me, an anticipation, for precipitation. Stacked chips for the rainy day Jay, Rain Man is back with little Ms. Sunshine Rihanna where you at? [Rihanna] You have my heart And we'll never be worlds apart May be in magazines But you'll still be my star Baby cause in the dark You can't see shiny cars And that's when you need me there With you I'll always share Because When the sun shines, well shine together Told you I'll be here forever Said I'll always be a friend Took an oath I'ma stick it out till the end Now that it's raining more than ever Know that we'll still have each other You can stand under my umbrella You can stand under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh) Under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh) Under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh) Under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh eh eh eh) These fancy things, will never come in between You're part of my entity, here for Infinity When the war has took it's part When the world has dealt it's cards If the hand is hard, together we'll mend your heart Because When the sun shines, well shine together Told you I'll be here forever Said I'll always be a friend Took an oath I'ma stick it out till the end Now that it's raining more than ever Know that we'll still have each other You can stand under my umbrella You can stand under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh) Under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh) Under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh) Under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh eh eh eh) You can run into my arms It's okay don't be alarmed Come into me There's no distance in between our love So go on and let the rain pour I'll be all you need and more Because When the sun shines, well shine together Told you I'll be here forever Said I'll always be a friend Took an oath I'ma stick it out till the end Now that it's raining more than ever Know that we'll still have each other You can stand under my umbrella You can stand under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh) Under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh) Under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh) Under my umbrella (Ella ella eh eh eh eh eh eh) It's raining Ooh baby it's raining Baby come into me Come into me It's raining Oh baby it's raining The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: R.Kelly f/ Changing Faces, Jay-Z Album: Space Jam Soundtrack Song: All Of My Days (R KELLY) Changing Faces - Jay Z - Rkelly (whispers) (JAY Z) Uh - Yeah - Jigga - Uhu (R KELLY) Changing Faces (whispers) (JAY Z) How we do Yo All of my rhymes fall - all of my days i trade all of my dimes and all of my bad ways i fade killing late nights cruisin' all you see is the break lights and hair blowing you know where we going or at the club in the rear frontin' poppin droppin' the amounts of cats but we aint trying to hear nothing probably was wilder than wobbly are you the wiggy to give me hold me down and make me slow down to be twissy keep the ice out the club life - change face get on love wife while he on the license plates wait - make me think about you even when your not around use the bathroom put the toilet seat back down got me some sprinkles the hair with the wrinkles if preferred his and her furs to the ankles keep your friends buggin' lovin' all my ways Jigga keep me jiggy all of my days (CHANGING FACES) in the middle of the night got me thinkin' bout cha babe got me dreamin' about cha baby (CHORUS) all that i have all that i have baby it's yours baby it's yours forever and ever baby all i want is to be with you all of my days all i want all i need all i want is to be with you all of my days all i want baby (CHANGING FACES) anything that turn you on i'll be givin' it to you babe you dont have to worry baby (CHORUS 1x) (JAY Z) yeah ha ha - check it (R KELLY) all i want - all i need is you in my life - loving me all i want - all i need is you in my life (JAY Z) uh huh (R KELLY) loving me (JAY Z) now we going house shoppin' everybody want to know the prices of spouse droppin' keep it on the low R Kelly style it's quite shockin' a year ago all i did was spend nights hoppin' in the club in search of pretty faces and night stalkers who would have thought i'd walk down the aisle rice droppin' got you a nice rock and ... now it's on and poppin' droppin' holiday platinum bracelets Jigga - R Kelly - Changing Faces Uh (CHORUS x2) (FADE AWAY) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: R. Kelly f/ Jay-Z Album: Fiesta 12" Song: Fiesta (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] After the show it's the after party then After the party it's the hotel lobby and After the Belve' then it's probably Cris' And after the original it's probably this (Fiesta) Yes ma, Bed-Stuy, Fiesta Remix with the homie from the Midwest side Game recognize game, hoes do too It's the new 2 Live Crew, I suppose you knew So thugs, pop yo' toasters, but don't approach us or Bullets'll chase you like Moet mimosas Catch us both coasts, racin twin Porsches Boxes with glocks that'll pop ya to make ya ghost-es Whoever come closest - you've been warned But niggaz don't get the picture 'til the weapons is drawn Make your way backstage, baby girl it's on And we'll be drinkin 'til six in the mornin [R. Kelly] In the back of the club with ma-ma Poppin bottles of Cris with ma-ma Put the bar on the tab for ma-ma Throwin hundreds up for grabs for ma-ma  Cause it's about to go down tonight I'ma be drinkin 'til the early liz-ight (that's right) Nigga high like a muh'fuckin ki-zite Take three honies just to make me feel ri-zight My, my, my, my It's what they all say when they see the frozen ice They say - my, my, my, my Anytime they see them big things rollin b-zy [Breakdown: R. Kelly] While y'all gotta club, they done fuckin wit arenas Gotcha man sayin "Kelly have you seen her?" Yeah she wit me on the low Gettin high off the 'dro, got her knees on the flo' [R. Kelly] Fiesta - Fiesta, Fiesta Fiesta, Fiesta Fiesta, Fiesta Fiesta, Fiesta  Fiesta, Fiesta Fiesta, Fiesta Fiesta, Fiesta Fiesta, Fiesta [R. Kelly] Switchin lanes in my Six, in the 'burbs I met a girl named Tasha, in the 'burbs Took the hood then I moved it, to the 'burbs Now no more sheriffs or polices, in the 'burbs (that's right) And we about to tear this club up Don't worry 'bout expenses cause I got that sho' nuff Ready to BOO knock 'em fresh outta jizzail I need some WOO from all the honey's on the DL I said - my, my, my, my (yeah) It's what them thugs yellin when the strippers on the pi-zoles They say - my, my, my, my (yeah) Got Kisha yellin from that up and down shi-zow [Breakdown] [R. Kelly] Fiesta! [Gotti] I put the big body up, come through in a Rover Not only Kelly and Gotti, it's Boo and Hova Pop Cris if you like, my ice glist' in the light I'm wit Roc-Land right, so I'm rich for life I'm like Heaven, everybody wanna get to me How you make it to the gates and forget the key? I'm the one God chose so you blessed through me Gotti Floyd getchu higher than that ecstacy [Boo] Aiiyo I come through stunnin, plus I'm gettin blunted in the new six-hundred with the big rims on it We rock rocks that'll light ya shoulders Gotta lotta hot cars but the drops is colder (aahh) You see V-I-P; me, Kelly, Gotti, and Hov' Drinkin Cris' like its H-2-O All we do is spend cheese cause we love the dough Mami roll more trees before it's time to go C'mon.. [R. Kelly] If you got cash money then you feel this shit And if you rollin on them things then you feel this shit If you drunk off in the club then you feel this shit If you'se a motherfuckin thug then you feel this shit If you smokin on some 'dro then you feel this shit And if you off that ecstacy you gots to feel this shit If you sippin on some Cris' you gots to feel this shit And if you throwin up and shit, you gots to feel this shit Fiesta.. Fiesta, Fiesta {*repeated until fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: R. Kelly f/Cam'Rom, Noreaga, Jay-Z and Vegas Cats Album: R. Song: We Ride Typed by: twc@dnai.com, janis@betatesters.com [R.] Uh huh, hey, I remember when I back in the days  When I ain't hot shit But now that I got shit Niggas wanna keep up shit But it's all good, watch me do this shit [Cam'Rom] Yo, yo, yo, yo, ay yo, from my town to Chitown R. Kelly got some thugs to make you lock down Voice cry hot sounds tied down cop twisters Shop lifters with Benini schemes Smoke greenie green candyman up in cabrini green Some cats I know like to splurge on they wrists But my man karate man cut the nerves out his fist But yo, throw your hands up y'all it's just love in here It ain't shit but a thug affair I'm at the bar spendin' thug money Cop so much huh, they say I love money carats like bugs bunny So lets slide you got the right thong Dju don't know, I'm all night long The DJ playing all the right songs To the BM, REM's are Muy bien It's R. Kelly, killer Cam' Baby girl, can you dig now Next time we see him yo, we laying Mr. Biggs down 1 - 	To all my players and my thugs 	To all my honeys in the club 	To all the hoods that show me love 	We ride, we ride 	(From Chitown to LA) 	To all my ballers lockin' ice, getting a room for the night 	Taking first class flights, we ride, we ride 	(From Chitown to LA) [Noreaga] Yo, I used to be in Chitown and collect panties When I make cabrini green you know I hit Sammy's Thugged out yo, all my people givin' eye jammies Now them shorties say I'm cute, when they can't stand me R. Kelly yo, I'm right from the belly, you know the soul Everything that we spit on is platinum gold But now it's for the love, for all the players and the thugs Yo, it's a party goin' on, meet me right at the club We got some chickens in the living room getting it on And they ain't leaving 'till six in the morning Thugged out, my people gettin' head while we on and Tear the club up every time we performin' Gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place Because this shorty right here, lookin' good in my face Ay yo, it's so deep I told shorty just last week Uh huh, it's like, you remind me of my jeep Repeat 1 [Vegas Cats] Only ballers be allowed up in here Money makers got my thug niggas watchin' my rear for player haters Eighteen and I'm livin' a dream, go figure How a nigga that's younger than you, ice bigger Don't sweat that, stick to rap nigga, try that Call my nigga R. Kell if you need a hit, black And when you get it, make it known baby, who did it It'll make your fans hit the stores and go get it Now, here come a bitter sweet note for the fellas Left out the club with her friend, now she jealous Mad cuz she can't ride in the LS Yeah, she kinda mad but a baller could care less While you sleep, sleep, sleep I'm inna Benz going beep, beep, beep Got your girl sayin' "Yo, who he?" So let's ride to Rockland's party, uh huh [Jay-Z] Check, Ghetto pro' federal Jay-Z shake the dice, let 'em go Bet a load I tear down every show Better know cheddar crowed like the front babe row Says R., Jay y'all, all I need is four bars I'm hotter than a lotta men Switch up cars like Rodman's hair color, then hit your broad I'm borderline too much for the mortal mind Every time you ought to rewind, find there's more to find  Now pop that cork, then pour the wine Represent New York to Chitown, like what Floss mine, like of course my, what Never cross my family, can we all get along? Hell no I'm tryin' to tell y'all who dat is that rule that biz Not your baby daddy but Jay-Z, true that is Better school that kid on who's shoes that is Or who I be nigga, V.I.P Jigga Repeat 1 [R.] Let's get together and make this loot (Trackmasters, Rockland) Make this loot (Untertainment) Come on players (Thugged out) Come on players (And we out like that) Rock-a-fella ya'll The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Saigon f/ Jay-Z, Swizz Beatz Album: The Greatest Story Never Told Song: Come On Baby (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Just Blaze] You know we had to do a remix, right? (Yea, Jus Bleezy) [Swizz Beatz] Hey - hands UP! Hey - hands UP! [Just Blaze] Ladies and gentlemen, you STILL rockin with the best I bought a few friends along, we gon do it like this, c'mon ONE (ONE) TWO (TWO) THREE - HERE WE GO!!! [Saigon] Its the critically acclaimed, lyrically insane The rhyme like her-oin, you stick it in ya vein The track somethin like crack, it hits ya in ya brain (ya brain) C'mon baby, c'mon c'mon and get with the gang They put the world's most underrated on the record with the greatest of all time, can't no one debate it Some made it fun to say that I am goin to make it I will not lose, some of the shit he do is too understated (I...will...not...lose) (Who you?) Saigon the Don Let it be proved to people that I'm a phenomenon I'll pop a pussy person that play with my parmasean C'mon baby, c'mon come get it on with the 'Gon You gotta be kiddin me! Who you think can body me lyrically Get him - I'll gladly provide his ABSITE, sissy My name Saigitty, this is MY city! Hov' spit it with me - go get 'em Swizzy! [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] Hold up, the pump will make you jump up, put ya body in the tr-unk Keep goin now.. New York, and all the way to Cali and the South'll make ya ju-ump Don't touch the boy, yup! Hold up, the pump will make ya jump up, put ya body in the tr-unk I'll whip ya ass from New York, and all the way to Cali and the South'll make ya ju-ump ONE, TWO, THREE, WE GONE! [Jay-Z] You ain't crazy, don't you play me, don't you know it's Jay-Z? When internets ask who's the best, why won't you say me? Don't you hate me? C'mon baby, was it all gravy? I took my lumps comin up just like a boxer baby My first style - hmm, maybe if I stuttered, maybe But then I slowed it down, brought it from the gutter baby Mat'a fact, I don't give a FUCK where you rate me Record labels told me, "No" - guess what the fuck they made me?! Super rich! Stupid bitches know I'm super viscious like, standin over a wounded man wit, two biscuits Let's get it clear like eucalyptus, if you conflicted My flow is like the Cuban Missle Crisis Nigga, my hand missles in priceless I hide a couple rare jewels in a verse for my niggaz that like to listen like this Hahahaha - you gotta let it do what it do, baby C'MON! [Saigon] Four finger, three finger, two finger, one finger Humdinger, gun slinger, that's what I am I spit it slick as the shit that's in a Crisco can So you should, c'mon baby, c'mon c'mon and get witcha man Got the rap shit down to a chemistry Lotta fakes in the industry, but I don't let them get to me I rock for my brothers that's locked in the penitentary Me, Jay and Swizzy got the "Symphony of the Century" Roc-A-Fella, Fort Knox, fucker ya heard that! I don't know where you be, but see I be where the birds at She ask me buy her a drink, I get her some 'gnac Then it's, c'mon baby, c'mon c'mon let's merk to the back And way before my contract, I had hoes Rappers claim that they had broads, but I doubt that they was bad broads I'm feelin disrespected If ev'rybody fuckin dimes, who got all these UGLY bitches pregnant?! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sauce Money f/ Jay-Z Album: Middle Finger U Song: Face Off 2000 Typed by: DeLpH226@aol.com Intro: 2000, and it goes like. (Uh Huh, yeah yeah) Chorus: This goes out to my Brooklyn crew  Lay my game flat, what you wanna do  Talk all night, are we gonna screw?  I'm talking 'bout me and you Verse One: Sauce Money I like to push up on chicks like it's the last record take 'em to the telly get buck passed naked Let 'em feel the power, lick 'em if it don't taste sour hit 'em in the shower for an hour Give 'em that feeling, Sauce Money for real and let her get on top if there's mirrors on the ceiling Hit her so right that she wanna throw rice my device makes her say "Damn, that nigga's nice!" Know I got wifey lay my cards when I pivot pass your seven digits if you're with it Sauce wanna give you the option for the boot knockin' nine times outta ten it's on and poppin' Ain't no stopping victory's in the air bring a friend next time let's do it again Bring your whole crew if you see through me and we can meet on the BQE And it goes like Chorus (2X) Verse Two: Sauce Money, Jay-Z Sauce Money: Had this bitch bragging,  Sauce had his tongue between my thighs lally-gaggin; huh, could you imagine Shaking your tail just like a dragon here comes my worse flame in the morning Hot 97 the first thing (Deny it) Hell yeah y'all don't buy it I don't eat no kind of fish if you can't fry it But who knows maybe one day I'll try it but for now slow down too much lip is killin' your diet Jay-Z: Can I get it what - Get it wet when he hit it first can I get it next, shit you the best It ain't wack to be with both of us, mami actually I'm Eddie Kane Jr., that nigga me! You want me to feel what he feel when it's tight and I know, he don't be doing it right But it gets no liver than this, never lie on our dicks shit, we got nigga's rides on our wrists Play your cards right you'll be driving the 6 shopping all day hoppin' out in the Dist. Popping the Crist., shit hoppin' outta your wrist popping your shit, New York's hottest bitch >From the ghetto to the Stilletto's but you gotta do it two times like an echo, y'all feelin' that This is how we run it down the line nigga Sauce goes first Jigga next to rhyme Chorus (2X) Verse Three: Jay-Z, Sauce Money Jay-Z I see you got a lot to get off your chest coat, blouse, bra-don't talk me to death Like murder's on your mind mami, off the dress Jigga ran game 'til I lost my breath Sauce Money Last thing I need to know is what it costs for sex what you need to know is if I lost respect Don't have to worry if you do Sauce correct I'ma bless that, bring my whole crew through, don't even sweat that Jay-Z: Uh, dime pieces I'm hittin' Sauce Money: Four in the morning Frosted Flakes in your kitchen Jay-Z: Now you want me to start trickin' I suppose Sauce Money: That's when the first Face Off kicks in- "We don't love these hoes!" Chorus (2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sauce Money f/ Jay-Z Album: Middle Finger U Song: Pre-Game Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sauce Money] I lay my gun fine, ideas be as bright as the sunshine Shook the rap game with just one line When me and my niggaz combine, all day, you know what? Sometimes, I run with mad niggaz who done time Hit you with eight, from one nine, now you showin the vein My shells is like information, go in your brain Holdin my slug, before you squeeze em show em the love Burn your fingertips so throw em a glove, understand me Before my album drop, cop the Grammy, uncanny Bought my first Role' from Manny Dirty burners my crew never hand me, nigga we family You not, get shot, get caught slippin like Dexter Manley with at least ten lead, spray right, paint your skin red Damn we, all the shit you can't be We big time, you small time, real small like how an ant be Marcy, bust a shot for Metcalf, Tilo and Danny Peace to the Bureils, Cut Wop and Stanley Boom Moet and bow, my whole set is wild Past threats, frontin flash singles and that's bent Fuck a bitch, you know the drill Cut a chick or a suck a dick [Jay-Z] Jigga, what the fuck? As a youth explosively, clappin off the roof Shootin guard like Kobe, raised up slay smears and bo'e Back then, Gil was my codiene, Spanish Jose showed me how to get the money niggaz owed me Fast forward, no kids, six cars and three Role's Two cribs, trips to Cuba, sippin on Uba Got rap in a stupor, first to clap your group up from the Range with the ski rack, or six with the Ruger Shit, I light the motherfuckin soundproof booth up New shit, y'all say the same shit like you're looped up Your rap's all lazy, Jigga the Black Scorcese What your album lack is more Jay-Z Code name: Jay-hovah, all praise me Y'all don't paint pictures, y'all all trace me You've yet to see the day when my squad be done I represent that shit nigga, Marcy son, what? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Scarface f/ Jay-Z Album: Last of a Dying Breed Song: Get Out Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com C'mon Yeah Face Mob Uh huh, uh huh uh His name is Jigga Yeah What's happenin baby Wsup, wsup witcha? Tryin to get this loot Yeah Knowwhatimsayin? No doubt [S] So what's it gon' be? Women, whiskey, weed [J] Dope, coke, or all the guns you need, nigga [S] You could get them thangs for a lesser fee [J] Yeah and with the right amount of pressure, them thangs look free [S] I'm on my way now, desperate need of a lick indeed [J] Believe I got a vick if it's a brick you need [S] My nigga for sheez [J] Right back at you, holla after you land we get it before you leave [S] Is you for sure? Them niggas out there still got cheese Cuz my niggas in the drop bounced back to slangin OZ's [J] Man them niggas rapin the town without breakin 'em down Them bastards makin a killin slangin half of buldings [S] For real man, I'm on my last nine thousand Aint got no money, I'm fightin cases with this ho money [Jay-Z] And when the money get low and the hungriness show Niggas better get the fuck out the house And when the money get low and the hungriness show Niggas better get the fuck out the house And when the money get low and the hungriness show Niggas better get the fuck out the house [S] I caught a northwest flight to NY, on the buddy pass Sittin at the exit row, by the do' [J] I got a hoopty from this doofy nigga around the way I had the fo'fo' under the rug, weekend ago [S] Three hours, I landed in the city of dreams With tall buildings, flooded with cabs and limousines Where the fuck is Jay-Z [J] God damn traffic is gettin on my nerve I see your face by the curb [S] Goddamn dog I been sittin here thirty minutes [J] You know these motherfucking cab drivers Like they own this motherfucker [S] Open the trunk [S] And then I'm thinkin, Jigga let's get this motherfucking cash nigga [J] Well if it's a money thing let's get this motherfucking money man [S] And then I said to Jigga, let's get this motherfucking cash nigga [J] I got a dope house scoped out [S] An escape route? [J] No doubt; let's hit the highway, load up, lock [S] Let's do this shit [J] Hold up, cops [S] Trippin, it's eight million stories in this naked motherfucker [J] Yeah, and ten million undercovers We gon' get this raw, we gon' kick in the door They got guns in the couch, they got shit in the floor [S] Niggas is gon' shit they drawers [J] They got a bitch at the door [S] Bullshit, heard that stupid shit before [Jay-Z] And when the money get low and the hungriness show Niggas better get the fuck out the house And when the money get low and the hungriness show Niggas better get the fuck out the house And when the money get low and the hungriness show Niggas better get the fuck out the house [J] I hit the buzzer, Mita, Manny Let me up it's Joey motherfucker [S] Takin the steps up with only one thing on our mind Wipe this motherfucker clean, everybody gotta die [J] Up the steps, got closer The voices got louder, you hear it? Death's approaching we comin for that powder [S] Then I knocked four times, I hit the hoe wit clear polish Well she couldn't see shit, now what's it gonna be bitch? [someone getting hacked] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Scarface f/ Beanie Sigel, Jay-Z Album: The Fix Song: Guess Who's Back Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Jay-Z talking] Talk to me man... This ya boy Young Hova, yo turn the muh'fuckin noise up We'll get right into the proceedings this evening Headphones are distortin, bring it down a lil' bit Okay - now we workin wit it The boy Face on the bassline, Face - Mob! Welcome to New York City... it's ya boy Young Hov' chea Kanye West on the track (whoo!) Chi-Town, what's goin on now? Can I talk to y'all for a minute? Lemme talk to y'all for a minute Just gimme a minute of ya time baby - I don't want much (whoo!) Lemme talk to these muh'fuckas, uhh [Jay-Z] Guess who's bizack? You still smellin crack in my clothes Don't make me have to relapse on these hoes Take it back out to taxin them roads When I was huggin it, niggaz couldn't do nuttin wit it Straight from the oven wit it - came from the dirt I emerged from it all without a stain on my shirt You can blame my old earth, for the shit she instilled in me Still with me, pain plus work Shit she made me milk this game for all it's worth That's right, these niggaz can't fuck with me I'm callin guts everytime, drag my nuts everytime Homey, we make a great combination don't we? Me and the Face Mob, everytime we face-off Face it y'all, y'all niggaz playin basic ball I'm on the block like I'm eight feet tall Homey, I'm in the drop with the AC on That's why the, streets embrace me dawg, I'm so cool! [Hook] Guess who's bizack? Back on the block with the old Face Mob Mack Mittens and Hov' Don't make me relapse Back to the block with the fo' Cuz this street shit is all I know [Scarface] From the womb to the tomb - a hot pot of joy and a spoon Tryna make me forty thousand and move Motels, star-studded, rock stars and goons Plain clothes wanna run in my room (whooooo...) But nigga guess who's bizack? It's ya boy Face Mob Started with an eightball, gotta get this cake dawg Give niggaz a break, nah, you know how the game go Fuck you think I slang fo', to go against the grain (no) I'm out here to grind mo', rapped up in the paper chase I wanna fuck a fine hoe and candy paint the 88 Don't got no wholesale, cuz that ain't how I wanna run it Here take these five stones and bring a nigga back a hundred Gotta see my feet dude, you do shit a fiend do The fire get too hot in the kitchen, I hit the streets fool Money is an issue - and that's on the fa' shizzle my nizzle Ya block warm, then I come by with the fizzle And make fa' sho' I get to work mines, for part of the time We go to war and you ain't makin a dime (ha ha!) Cuz I got, shit to lose - a nigga out here payin his dues My baby walkin gotta get him some shoes It's a new game doin, lemme give ya the rules Get outta line and I'ma give ya the blues It's a new game doin, lemme give ya the rules Get outta line and I'ma give ya the blues, whoa! [Beanie Sigel] Guess who's bizack? The boy B. Mizack - a.k.a. Mr. Crack-A-Brick Turn a whole one from a half a brick, look I mastered this You can smell it once the plastic rips A hot plate'll make ya swell up if ya gasket clicked You can make ya chips swell up, ya don't hafta pitch Play them corners like a safety, watch the traffic switch Young'n never pump fake, and you'll get past the blitz And keep ya whole hood on flip - like old box-spring Pissy mattress shit, low old box of things Strictly glassy shit - I hug the block like quarter waters Shit I used to hug a corner like a old deuce and a quarter Till like deuce in the mornin, with the old heads Slangin loose quarters, this Philly cat back gatted (had it) Still fuckin with them crack addicts Still bustin with that black-matic [Hook] *whistling till fade* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Shai f/ Jay-Z Album: I Don't Wanna Be Alone 12" Song: I Don't Wanna Be Alone (Remix) * * send corrections to HJWESS1@msg.pacbell.com (Uhh) uhh (uhh) uhh (uhh) Haa (with the remix) Jigga (Doo doo dooo) feel the funk Marley Mal (Shai) (Doo doo dooo) uhh huh uhh haa (Doo doo dooo) uhh haa, (Doo doo dooo) ha ha. [Jay-Z] At times you could find me in the city sinnin' or in a studio touchin' the track up like pretty women Spittin' venom with the snake skins & apply the pressure to you & ya mens & damage I do career endin' Y'all know what I'm representin' funds extra low got a one on a tent next to dough Y'all best to know I'm not alone My, music menage trois with Shai & I ha haa [Shai] Girl it's been been so long girl without you (say what) & I swear I hate livin' without you (uhh huh) with some peace of mind I've been confined without you tomorrow won't come if I spend the night without you (uhh uhh uhh check it) Every one for this love thang I'm feelin' & I can't fight this urge that I'm feelin' (uhh huh) Baby can't ya see it's destiny I'm feelin' spend the night let me show you what I'm feelin' (Come on) Chorus I don't want to be alone tonight Why don't you stay with me? When girl you said you'd never go My baby don't you leave me [Jay-Z] I'm on top of my game act like ya know think I didn't see the lame sneakin' in the back doorn (ha haa) It's aiight he can come here for real you aiight but I'm done here I don't keep my ones here It's unlikely that you see Waiki' but if you slip up and hit up we could split up Playa hata not at all I don't play those games You got beef with Jigga? Say my name, you shy? [Shai] Lately I seem to think I need someone of my own just to hold me is there someone who will stay with me forever be that someone (remix) Always there thick & thin you're that someone (uhh uhh uhh) Oh baby stay so baby won't you stay with me tonight We can reach ecstacy Girl we can both reach ecstacy all night Chorus [Jay-Z] Let's get this show on the road Cristal on the right I got the Big Apple & it's smashed like cider Rocka-fella & Shai money tryin' to see Guy money they want a piece of ya love I want at least a dub mail cakes bills straight what have we here Cartier ill faced on the highway accompanied by a friend First the Range then the Lex' then the buggy-eyed Benz Ahaa Chorus I don't want to be alone (toonight) I don't want to be alone (tonight) I don't want to be alone (toonight) I don't want to be alone (tonight tonight tonight tonight) I I I The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Silkk the Shocker f/ Jay-Z, Master P Album: Made Man Song: You Know What We Bout Typed by: jlw343@psu.edu, Dnukem6969@aol.com (Master P)	Yo Silkk (Silkk)		What up? (Master P)	Tell Jigga we need 4 apples, 		2 bananas and 5 oranges (Silkk)		You sure? (Master P)	Nigga, he know what I'm talkin 'bout (Silkk)		Aight, I'll get him on the phone (Master P)	From my block to yo block nigga 		the world belongs to who? [Silkk the Shocker] The world belongs to us you can do what you wanna do what you gon do? Huh? What? The streets belong to us you can do what you wanna do what you gon do? Huh? What? Yo from the South to the East nigga, from the streets to the burbs I fuck wit that when they talk, the speech just be slurred You know me Mr. Got dough, Mr. Got flow Couldn't figure our out which one wanted both of 'em so Mr. Got both - if you hate me stop, if you jealous Silkk the Shock, Jigga, No Limit, Master P, Roc-A-Fella Used to cop bricks for 30 Now I do nothin but sit back and drop hits, ya heard me? I ain't nothin but a thug that got rich ya heard me Drop the top when it's hot If not call Jay tell him blow the mall up and come and shop in jersey You know what I did, you know how I come You wouldn't even think about testin me dog if you know what I done Didn't change a bit, I'm still thuggish, still thuggin Niggaz ask how much money I got do math You know how to add I'm P little brother Shit, I can't tell y'all nothin I gotta show y'all real in this, I'm as real as it gets I told y'all Yo I sleep thru the rain, sleep thru the pain Would have knew about me but you don't Cause know why, cuase you was sleep when I came But I'm here now, y'all suckas fear now Look, plan on bein on top, don't stop, plan on bein hot year round I don't do it for no love, I do it for the thugs Do it for my block, do it for the VIP spots in the club It's hard to stop this life like it's hard to call cocked dice We ain't nothin but some bout it, bout it niggaz that live the "Hard Knock Life" From my block to yo block, it's a sho' shot we out the door, out the most, and the flow don't stop you know what we do, you know what we 'bout you know what we do, you know what we 'bout From my block to yo block, it's a sho' shot we out the door, out the most, and the flow don't stop from the ghetto to the suburbs, from Marcy to the 3rd you know what we do when we come thru, ya heard? [Jay-Z] In the south nigga Deep in the four door, watchin that old dog or in the club nigga, shakin' them hoes off Poppin my foes off ain't nothin changed or catch me on the block with thugs knockin the o's off Baggin that 'dro nigga, stackin that dough Clappin at foes and I'm laughin at hoes Holdin them dice and I'm breakin yo bank You see the shit Roc-A-Fella make wit The Tank Even without the airplay platinum off of heresay It's your year Jay get off my dick Been my year, you talkin to a winner here Iceberg winter's wear, linen chair My style in fact, money ain't come from rap And we can take it right back if it comes to that Block or Billboard, you gotta feel dog I stay real y'all, that's how I kill y'all [Master P] I used to rap, now b-ball's my life Move that house on the lake for the kids and wife Check the bank account, it's seven figures Who that Rolls in the video for, it's mines nigga I got game, ask the players in the pro's Who got shot, it ain't my fault  (ohhhh it ain't my fault) he owed me dough Independent, black-owned, my world, my country No Limit and Roc-A-Fella run this like drug money So can I get a huh, huh? A what, what? Pass the weed cause soldiers like to puff, puff From the South to the East baby, baby A couple of unggggh's now they gotta pay me And flip bricks with ghetto chicks with no dicks and nine's with no clips and sides wit no chips come fast or slow, from cheddar to dough Master P, Silkk the Shocker, Jay-Z the rowdiest niggaz you know [Silkk] Get ya money dog Get ya money y'all Get ya money dog Get ya money y'all Get ya money dog Get ya money y'all Get ya, get ya money do Get ya, get ya From the South, to the Midwest to the East, to the West whatever Y'all get y'all money y'all From my block to yo block, it just don't stop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slim Thug f/ Jay-Z Album: I Ain't Heard of That (Remix) 12" Song: I Ain't Heard of That (Remix) Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro] Chaaaange Cloooothes Reeeemixxx-ahh! (WOO!! C'MON!) [Chorus - Jay-Z] I don't take 'em out to eat I ain't here to trick or treat I ain't trying to fix your weave I ain't heard of that!! I'm just here to train ho's Put 'em on the main road Teach 'em how to 'Change Clothes' I know you heard of that!! Change your whole attitude It's time to take off your cool If it make you wanna move, then move My niggaz get up on it, live bitches throw it back Ma, act like you want it I know you heard of that!! [Verse - Slim Thug] I'm the Young Texas A-Rod, K.G. of the game LeBron James, you niggaz must not know my name I'm Slim Thugger motherfucker! Tha Big Boss of the South And I don't just talk it wit my mouth I back it up wit my vow Before Jimmy cut the check, it was 50 on my neck And over 50 in my ear, I'm the Rookie of the Year I'm here - for the 'Takeover', not out to replace Hova But there's a new hustla in town, yeah the break's over Don't get me confused wit the rest of them dudes I've been Tha Boss down South, I'm just new to a few Please believe, them niggaz don't do what I do I got everything them platinum rappers got times two (WHOO! C'MON!) [Verse - Slim Thug] I'm banging them chicks you dream about Swanging them whips you sing about Rocking more bling bling than your whole team seem to got Ask your girl, she'll tell ya the truth Your boys cool, but you can't fool wit the Boyz-N-Blue I got something on my neck worth more than yo house I got something in my yard worth more than yo spouse I got something on my wrist worth more than ya team And that car you think clean ain't worth more than my ring Who yo know roll Bentley 'fore the album drop? And still got three from Pharrell to make the album hot? Yeah I hear y'all but don't see you niggaz Y'all just making words rhyme, y'all ain't seeing no figgas [Verse - Slim Thug] Y'all ain't balling, I saw the shit you drive You need to call MTV and tell 'em pimp your ride I'm tired hearing all y'all wimps wit all y'all lies Fake niggaz dissapear, real niggaz let's rise I'm rich bitch like Dave Chapelle Ask Geffen and Interscope why I gave 'em hell My advance was more than most rappers get paid from sales I made 'em pay for all them days I was living in hell, yeah! Now my estate sit on top of the lake It feels great, I got an R&B chick as my mate (Thugger!) I does it big my nig, I deserve a plaque It's Boss Hogg Outlawz, I know ya heard of that!! (WHOO! C'MON!) [Verse - Jay-Z] Young in his button ups, but I'm still cutting up Don't have me zip down this jacket, open the oven up The heats drawn and then I heat performers up Like Long Johns, or LA G warmers Then be gone in this week's preference The six duece wagon, never the five seven You don't need cable to see How I'm Living All you need is a table in the VIP section Like Fab, the rap has been good to me I'm right back to show you, what's hood with me Since I've retired I've tried to acquire the Nets Live Wire I told you I aspire for best Long cry for being under the eye of under the IRS You're boy's on fuego, like San Diego You're boy been focused since tre-0 And I ain't talking bout my age though My payroll - lane to lane on them thang-th-thangs I give you nightmares, when the year change I change Nigga I'm right here, we can go thing for thing We go toy for toy, nigga bling for bling We can go bitch for bitch, nigga wrist for wrist You go 0 for everything, I'm six foot six, Young! .. Chaaaange Cloooothes Reeeemixxx-ahh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Jay-Z, Pharrell Album: Drop it Like It's Hot (Remix) 12" Song: Drop it Like It's Hot (Remix) Typed by: proent@gmail.com [Hook]: [Pharell] Spin around ma Drop, drop, like it's hot Drop, drop, like it's hot Spendin money mang Drop, drop, like it's hot Drop, drop, like it's hot Spin around mommy Drop, drop, like it's hot Drop, drop, like it's hot I got the rollie on my arm And I'm pourin saun dan And I roll the best weed 'Cause I got it goin on [Verse: 1 - Pharrell] No steroids can make you hit what I'm pitching Chef boy-ar-P is back in the kitchen You niggas is scratchin, my niggas is itchen Don't keep "Pacin" but these dudes blow they "Pistons" Yes, nigga, P stands for polish None of y'all is fuckin with he, and this is obvious I'm Ron Artest, layin down to your garbage While my niggas in the street pushin shit like Ben Wallace And any ya'll could get it, even fans in the stands These guns is a sun, you'll catch a tan with ya man I'm no cheeto, trust this is real/rio Everything is grand nothing is poquito Securitys behind me, with the torpedo 'Cause the wrist stay frigid How you say it? Fro Or where I'm from, in Virgina, we say ch-ill And the ends also quarter million for each whe-el [Hook] [Verse 2 - Jay-Z] I got hatas on my j-iz-ock, plus the frickin c-iz-ops All of whom want to hit me with sh-iz-ots til I dr-iz-op Thank God for hip hop, or I be in the b-iz-ox, uh Jail or casket, either way you r-iz-ot But now I'm so fresh you could smell me through a ziplock Mr. S d-iz-ot, it's not gon' st-iz-op Too much pizzas for these piss-ass niggas to get past Too cool for c-iz-ops to cuff his iz-ass Snitch-ass they made, they can't get the boy These niggas givin' out cases like a liquore store Runnin' to the DA tryin' to get me for it All the money it made, I'm like forget the law I'm not 'fr-iz-aid, it J-iz-ay homie you got pl-iz-ayed Take it like a man, the flow ran you off the st-iz-age (go sit down) Wastin' ya time tryin' to sue S. tell ya lawyer "Take that civil case and drop it like it's hot" [Hook] [Verse 3 - Snoop Dogg] ((World Wide)) International, nah I'm universal But you a gangsta, how you get to do commertials? With them big wheels, yeah cuz you do it big I stay real, stay sharp, and tell it like it is I never fake the funk, niggas know I ain't no punk They want beef? Yeah cuz, pop the trunk We go all the way, we do it lifesize Now my life right, 'cause my wife on my right side Yeah, and she protecting my interest Now I'm on the move they got me hoppin' these fences Ay little homie your defence is defencless A pimp apprentice Now come here princess (Come here, come here) I know ya tired of the chit-chatter It really don't matta it's like a seesaw platter I check money, check niggas, check bitches Now drop it like you ass on swit-ches [Ziip] [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Jay-Z Album: More Malice Song: I Wanna Rock (The Kings G-Mix)  Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Snoop Dogg] (Jay-Z) (*Crowd Chanting) G Mix!!!! For kings only!!!! BEEYOTCH!!!!!  (Right about now!!!!! HEH HEH HEH HEH!!!) G Mix!!!! (H-O!!!!) Yeah!!! (*HO-VA!!!!) Snoop Dogg and Hov!!! (That's right!!!) (*HO-VA!!!!) (*HO-VA!!!!) They say you can't spell the west without the E-S!!! (Uh huh!!! That's right!!!!!)  [Chorus: Crowd Chanting] ("It Takes Two" by Rob Base & DJ EZ Rock) (*Snoop Dogg) (**Jay-Z) HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! (I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now) (*Real kings man!!!) (**Right! Right!) (*Aiyyo Jigga!!!) (**R-r-right now!!!) HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! (I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now) (*I want you take off in this track man!) (**Ok Snoop) (*Like only you can, you dig what I'm sayin!) [Verse One: Jay-Z] Hol' up, I wanna rock right now My name is Hov and I came to shake the town Yeah, ya boy's internationally known But I'm from the hood, got a pocket full of stones (STOOOOONES) I used to cop +Rob Base,+ turn it into +EZ Rock+ Just to stay +Doug E. Fresh+, all that shit to easy rock Used to +Chef Raekwon+, give fiends a +Ghostface+ Y'all know my +Forte+, I just might catch a dope case UGHHHHHHHH!!! I +Mastered+ the +P+ with connects in the Midwest, so I'm +Heavy+ in the +D+ UGHHHHHHHH!!! Ya boy still +Snoop+ around Since a pup, I been +Kurupt+ and I fuck with +Tha Dogg Pound+ UGHH!! Roc Nation is the gang now Some dope lyrics is the only thing I slang now +I Get the Job Done+, I put the +Kane+ down It's no +Biggie+ - heh, I'm just a king now [Chorus: "It Takes Two" by Rob Base & DJ EZ Rock] (Crowd Chanting) (*Snoop Dogg) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (*WOOOOOOOO WEEEEE!!!! It's a problem!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (*Fa Shigga dow! Good lookin out Hov! Ha Ha! And you do know that!)  I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right naow (SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!!) (*Two thousand ten! Big Snoop Dogg at it again!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!! SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!!) (*Malice N Wonderland!)  (HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now [Verse Two: Snoop Dogg] G Mix!!!! I was a fiend, before I became a teen I melted cabbage sacks instead of cones of ice cream Crime orientated that's how the west was originated Fitted like pieces of puzzle, complicated I droppped the sack and tried to rap hits y'all They tried to bang on me, and say that I'm too small Cool!!! Cause I don't get upset I call the king of the east catch a flight then I jet Right back to the west, where my niggas is at Scoop the gilly put it back on the map Like this like that while you rollin a bag Loadin ya gat, pop pop, I'm holdin ya back I'm like the Whopper FUCK THE BIG MAC!!! Run up on the dog my gat go click clack And that's fo' sho!!!  The reason why, man I don't know so let's go cuz [Chorus: "It Takes Two" by Rob Base & DJ EZ Rock] (Crowd Chanting) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!! SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!!) (HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now) (HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now) [Verse Three: Snoop Dogg] Boss Dogg chillin, lookin like a million Yeah, nigga got it, I'ma leave it to my chil'ren Tonight I'm on some other shit, and baby lovin it Hella fast, grip dey ass like the oven mitt I'm gooned up, boy! Rich as fuck, boy! Black and gold brakes, that's my truck, boy I'm on my Eastside, shit I'm workin I got the party goin, and it's jerkin My niggas all long, we rollin out deck Hoes gettin in, you betta pick a bitch 'Cause when I shut it down, the party's over wit She call me Superman, I'm on my +Soulja+ shit (YOOOOOOOU!) Boss Dogg, get 'em, I sick 'em and take 'em home West Coast bitch, I'm on my fuckin throne I'm giggin on these hoes, do 'em like dominoes And slam 'em on they back, and tell 'em vamanos [Chorus: "It Takes Two" by Rob Base & DJ EZ Rock] (Crowd Chanting) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!! SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!!) (HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now I Wanna rock right now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Jay-Z, Nate Dogg, Soopafly Album: Paid Tha Cost to be Da Bo$$ Song: Lollipop Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Just Blaze! [Snoop] Ehehe, oh really? You know what? .. You talk too much Hoe get up out my face unless you tryin to fuck Cause on the real a nigga kinda drunk And right now the way you lookin bitch you fly as fuck I don't even know if I done had too much You play too much, I had to fuck Cuddled you up and put my hands on your butt Rubbin your stuff and now your pants full of nut .. You can't tell me nuttin Let me shoot my thang on your bellybutton I got to, keep it gangsta Your homegirl want some, I just might bank her Shank her, bank her, and take her bankroll Big Snoop Dogg and my game is way cold Never, ever, overexpose I usually got a car with a room full of hizzoes Snoopy, ooh-wee, you so fly Can I give you a little piece of the pie? Shake it, bake this thing for me Cause you just flow so viciously Soopa-Duper, you so fly Can I give you a little piece of the pie? Shake it, bake this thing for me Cause you just flow so viciously [Soopafly] Now bitch, check it out, where my money, c'mon break it out Just sayin hoe, I ain't playin c'mon, take it out Dick down the track, c'mon, we gon' work it out Straight pimp shit we on, we gon' church it out (If you don't know) I'm quick to change up stick My dick in yo' mouth and aim up Open up your eyes you'll see my navel Flip down my drawers, you'll see that label Sniffed so much 'caine/Kane, the bitch got able/Abel Put the switch on, directed my cable Splash! What head work and what ass Bitch stop my dick hurtin, now fuck Daz Run fast if I tell ya bitch walk Get caught, I'm takin all that bitch got I don't need no relationship All I really had in mind was my dick, yo' face and lips, c'mon Snoopy, ooh-wee, you so fly Can I give you a little piece of the pie? Shake it, bake this thing for me Cause you just flow so viciously Hovi Baby, you so fly Can I give you a little piece of the pie? Shake it, bake this thing for me Cause you just flow so viciously [Jay-Z] Young! Woo! Hov'! Yes She wanna meet the only king on the East coast Hook me up witcha boy Snoop she said he so low I never get the chance to get at him Only on the TV when I blow kisses at him, muah Listen here madam, you can throw the pussy at him If it ain't about snatch, well it just won't happen! .. Hov ain't into backwards mackin .. How backwards that is .. I don't love 'em though 'Less makin a little paper then I love 'em the most If she's, sneakin in the club with the toast I'm flyin the friendly skies with 36 hoes Shit, I can get a chef to cook for me Talk about some paper if you tryin to book me Ma, you can keep your head I got, expensive habits that need the bread Snoopy, ooh-wee, you so fly Can I give you a little piece of the pie? Shake it, bake this thing for me Cause you just flow so viciously Snoopy, ooh-wee, you so fly Can I give you a little piece of the pie? Shake it, bake this thing for me Cause you just flow so viciously "Let's go do the bump.. give me that funky stuff" {*repeat 4X*} [Nate Dogg] I like the way you shakin that ass, so don't stop Slang that ass like I used to slang rocks Bend over trick let me get to that spot Later on you can lick on my lollipop I like the way you shakin that ass, so don't quit You know you get a hella response from my dick Don't put your fuckin clothes back on 'til you rich The type of woman I want tonight, a straight bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway & King Tech f/ Jay-Z Album: Wake Up Show Freestyles Vol. 5 Song: Jay-Z Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Intro] Wake Up Show, ultra maximum Yes we're internationally known [* Chinese *] Speak a language universal Check on how I use it Time for Wake Up Show with Sway and Tech [* Mexican *] Why wait, Sway and Tech [Interview] (Hawaiian Sophie and before that) [* Laughter *] We been there with you man You know and umm and he was like you know what I like about Jay-Z And he had your album in his car As a matter of fact, where did Chase go Yeah he's right now, right He said man I like his flow, his flow is so on point It sounds like he's talking And behind all that congratualtions on all the success But what got him there is the flow You know it's the MC, the skills It's what got you there man And you know, no matter what anybody say You still a tight rapper (Right) You know what I'm saying (Right) And that's what we listen for on the Wake Up Show man And I can prove it that Jay-Z's a tight rapper Even, even after sellin' platinum Rap throw on a beat, rap throw on a beat Some people fall off after they go platinum, you know that (He tryin'....) [* Laughter *] Man throw on, throw on a beat man Watch this y'all, watch this, watch this Tryin' to call me every day [* Laughter *] (Alright where is he going with this) [* Laughter *] Yo, yo Jay can you flip to this (I'ma do this for you right) (But I want you to know that your...I seen that coming) (I was like where's he going with this) (He was like he's platinum but...he can still flow) Yeah watch this y'all, y'all don't believe me Watch this, watch this, watch this... [Jay-Z] Yeah, Jigga yo Flow sicker on every record, watch shine Glock nine dog, heavy necklace Watch mine, about to make cats very jealous Ice in every letter Untouchable, can't mess with dude Duck spit, arm shake who Juan Don play With this CEO of the coke on Broadway Never heard so many joints from one man I make chickens bounce, I make the gun jam Flow is like sniffin' a hundred grams Of cocaine raw, rip ya whole brain off Make it real easy to rip ya chain off BK style, see Jay howl We don't play fair, we play foul Go ahead stand there we spray crowds Live from the 718, if there was ever one great I'm him daddy times ten [* Laughter *] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Like that [* Laughter *] Boy you in the wrong business Know what I'm saying That's my politician, yeah Don't knock the hustle Alright, alright can't do that We gonna take some calls right now... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: SWV f/ Busta Rhymes, Lost Boyz, Jay-Z, Nexx Level Click Album: It's All About You 12" Song: You're The One (Special Mix) You're the one, I know That you're the one for me When in need, you know That you can call on me Baby, I know that you're the one for me You're the one You're the one for me You want me but she needs you Verse One: Jay-Z Besides this ma, come out the V-2 Keep it on the R-Kel's Cos my girls the type who like a fight in the club Go home and make love Though I like the way you sex somethin' Baby girl will wreck something If she knew you and I were in the Lex fronting A bottle of Cru, the crews about to make moves Rendevousing, hotel day doing Lover forget then fled the scene Smelling like wet dreams, lipstick around the collar Thinking about bed-screams and the way you holla Boo, you make a nigga rise like tax on the dollar No, you ain't no trick Can't play you like a zero Gave you a couple of chips for spending time with the hero To the next time baby girl, never forget You can't be with the one you love, love the one you with I'm knowing... You're the one, I know That you're the one for me When in need, you know That you can call on me Baby, I know that you're the one for me You're the one You're the one for me Verse Two: Lost Boyz Now I know it seems strange because I just met ya But on the low, before we spoke, I was out to get ya Matter of fact I heard you had a man, but that I understand Now if you seperate, now dig this, I'm your biggest fan Besides, everything you said is stuck in my head So come inside my spa room and lay me close to bed  And let me bless you with the butters that's from the gutters Don't let anybody blow the spot up, we got others That's on the low, the home that we there for You know that sparks turn to flames girl so therefore We must creep and keep it tight, and do it right My chick would die if she knew how we screw at night So let's keep it on the low, so no-one else can know And you could wreck them in the swerve game, fast low And even though we creeping, I've begun to see That I'm the one for you and shorty, your the one for me You're the one, I know That you're the one for me When in need, you know That you can call on me Baby, I know that you're the one for me You're the one You're the one for me Verse Three: Busta Rhymes Yo, and if you ain't the bangest chick I ever saw Ya, Ya, Ya, Ya, Ya From the ceiling to the floor I look from top to bottom Analyse the middle with your little cleavage and your drawers Everything remains raw baby I love the way you strut When you walk by got a wide angle lens focused on your butt Complection looks mixed with black and polish Caramel, city, stacking bone naked walking tippy toe-ish Amazing Leanne got my heart pumping Whole entire body cocked on diesel like we running track or something I knew that you were the one for me Word is bond on Flipmode and S.W.V Got the opportunity To see how sutible and beautiful you is when you do your nails and your cuticles Just stay sharp love, word on my son Let it manifest for sure that you're the one You're the one, I know That you're the one for me When in need, you know That you can call on me Baby, I know that you're the one for me You're the one You're the one for me Verse Four: Smoothe Da Hustler + Trigger Tha Gamber   Let the sex tell, join me cause I ain't waiting for no exhale   I move on, stay fly to keep my groove on    It's hard to walk over me so you wonder why your shoes gone For me to leave her? Your kidding But it was times when you had be down with the fo-pound that she didn't   You saw me hittin, that's why you eying me   I know you love me thuggin' it   I peeped it written it in your diary In red, God bless my soul regardless, the heartless and cold She gonna be the one   I ain't lyin'   I told you, when my girl ain't around I mould you   Shape you into my queen, just to hold you We won't expose you, keep it D.L like R.Kelly With Smoothe Da Huster, a Nexx Level G across ya belly   Nexx Level, Brooklyn Brown Ville - Mr Trigger   Aced, lost, like vigga, that same dime-pieced getter You're The One - Allstar Remix With Lelee, Coko and Taj My three gold card international enterage You're the one, I know That you're the one for me When in need, you know That you can call on me Baby, I know that you're the one for me You're the one You're the one for me (Repeat X3) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Busta Rhymes, Jay-Z, Kanye West, Mos Def Album: Get By Remix 12" Song: Get By (Extended Remix) Typed by: RNDBoi92@yahoo.com [Mos Def] lets see, this is happenin every day y'all (right now), right now, right now (GOOD MORNING VIETNAM!) Listen brooklyn wins again It's the 'Stuy, its the 'Bush, them niggas again Ta' Kweli, mighty Def, and S Dot on the guest, got Kanye, yo the dopeman of hip hop now lets rock And roll out niggas, my hometown niggas Will get it good in yo' hood, so slow down niggas Watch the speed though, mind ya pedal and ease off Or screech off into a collision course of these walls They don't move, don't break, don't lose Don't sleep, life passin, life's flashin Life happens that fast, par-da-don Black hands up in prayer, black guns up affair Dyin wishes to touch the air seekin Heaven, it wasnt here Eyes will not see another year, its another day It's the same fight, different round, sound the bell Mix it up, in victory ya live it up The beat'll get risen up, ya knocked down And get back and get it up Get off of queer street and get wit us And get clear where we get it, from the heart, from the people From the top, from the deep, from the gut, from the street From my soul, to the mic, to the essence So in my absence you feel the prescence, exactly I make contact wit shorter mc Me and mind we don't justify, we get free [Jay-Z] (Mos niccah!) Just to get by Nigga I sold coke, nigga I pushed lah Carried a four five Claimed I was ready to die Promised never to cry Held it all inside Reality was too much to take so I Kept my mind fried Slept for most of mine Soon as I closed my eyes Then I woke up behind Nigga either I load up these nines Or blow up with rhymes Cuz this flow of mineis like blow up wit lines of coca' And you folks think Hov' just wrote stuff to rhyme Nah, I'm a poster for what happened seeing your moms Doin five dollars worth of work just to get a dime So pardon my disposition Why should I listen to a system that never listened to me? Picture me working McDonald's (uh uh yea) I'd rather pull a mac on you Sorry Ms. Jackson but I'm packing, bye [Kanye West] It's like I got that Nina Simone piano flow It's like a Michaelangelo painted a portrait of Maya Angelou And gave it to a sick poet for they antidote If music get ya choked up, this is the tree and the rope This the Chi' nigga, I'm Mr. All of That Fuck a map, let's put this bitch on an almanac Dice what they hittin fo', lacs what you sittin on Tracks who you spittin on?, rap till we get it on And don't let nobody with the power to sign Ever tell you you ain't got the power to rhyme They used to tell me toughen up, put some bass in ya voice They used to tell me lighten up, put some Mase in ya voice Lord willin, I ain't killed nobody But I have a feelin this album that I'm gonna make a killin Well now its chillin, this is love it or hate it music But...at least we made it music And we didn't make it industry, this is gon' be interestin This'll be the end of me, or I'm finna be a entity Kanye, Jay-Z, Mos Def and Kweli We are not makin songs no more, we're makin history [Hook: Talib Kweli + background singers] This morning I woke up Feelin brand new and I, I jumped up Feelin my highs and my lows In my soul, and my goals Just to stop smoking and stop drinkin But I been thinkin I got my reasons Just to get by, just to get by Just to get (by), just to get (everybody get your hands in the sky, it go) [background singers]2x bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah dah Bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah daaah [Talib Kweli] Just to get by, just to get by (Talib Kweli) Just to get by We keep it gangsta, stay 'fo shizzle', 'fo sheezy' To set the tide to the violence on the TV during the war Killin each other is easy, there's whores and liquor for fallen niggas Believe me, it's ghetto lavacious, seen it all befo' Just to get by, my people we get fly My people we get high, fillin cigars with the lah Nigga come on, even Jesus was stoned before receivin the throne I said rest in peace to Nina Simone [Busta Rhymes] Back in the days we was used to doin the shit I can't call it all in the streets We was hustlin fiends that asked for it I guess I was used to just standin on corners Waitin for paper bags with bundles of crack Hopin the week was good so I could get money back To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by When I was stressed I possessed a side of my strength That made me angry and bleed With the frustration havin me smokin Newports and weed To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by Those be the times when I try to rely On my niggas and street motherfuckers And reach out to wifey and then I place a call on my mother To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by (Hey yo mom pick up the phone, I g- I gotta to talk to you ma) If you was five percent instead of actin stupid and guessin You had to go and study your lessons And know your math in the building recession to get by [Hook: Talib Kweli + background singers] This morning I woke up Feelin brand new and I, I jumped up Feelin my highs and my lows In my soul, and my goals Just to stop smoking and stop drinkin But I been thinkin I got my reasons Just to get (get), just to get (get) Just to get (get), just to get (get buh buh buh bye bye) [background singers repeat in the background] bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah dah bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah daaah [Fade to End] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Busta Rhymes, Jay-Z Album: Get By 12" Song: Get By (Remix) Typed by: Noitacguht@aol.com [Talib Kweli] Yeah, Kweli Ye-ye-ye-ye-ye yeah get back Classic Brooklyn, let's go We sell crack to our own, nigga I'm back in the zone My passionate poems got the feds tappin my phones It's like Timothy McVeigh, they say I'm actin alone I got a whole team that'll put a gat to your dome To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by Yo this remix is hot, we only dealin with the live hip hop Yo get by, get back nigga (Roc) [Jay-Z] Just to get by Nigga I sold coke, nigga I pushed lah Carried a fo'five Claimed I was ready to die Promised never to cry Held it all inside Reality was too much to take so I Kept my mind fly Slimmed for most of mine Soon as I closed my eyes Then I woke up behind Nigga either I throw it up, these nines Or blow up with rhymes The best flow of mines is like blow up on lines of coke up And your folks think Hov' just wrote stuff to rhyme Nah, I'ma poster for what happened seein your moms Doin five dollars worth to work just to get a dime So pardon my disposition Why should I listen to a system that never listened to me? Picture me working McDonald's (uh uh) I'd rather pull a mac on you Sorry Ms. Jackson but I'm packin [Hook: Talib Kweli + background singers] This morning I woke up Feelin brand new and I, I jumped up Feelin my highs and my lows In my soul, and my goals Just to stop smoking and stop drinkin But I been thinkin I got my reasons Just to get by, just to get by Just to get (by), just to get (everybody get your hands in the sky, it go) [background singers] bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah dah Bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah daaah [Talib Kweli] Just to get by, just to get by Just to get by (...hands in the sky, it go) [background singers] bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah dah bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah daaah [Talib Kweli] Just to get by, just to get by (Talib Kweli) Just to get by We keep it gangsta, stay 'fo shizzle', 'fo sheezy' To set the tide to the violence on the TV during the war Killin each other is easy, there's war and liquor for fallen niggas Believe me, it's ghetto love, I bet you seen it all befo' Just to get by, my people we get fly My people we get high, fillin cigars with the lah Nigga come on, even Jesus was stoned before receivin the throne I said to rest in peace and leave us alone [Busta Rhymes] Back in the days we was used to doin the shit I can't call it all in the streets We was hustlin fiends that asked for it I guess I was used to just standin on corners Waitin for paper bags with bundles of crack Hopin the week was good so I could get money back To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by When I was stressed I possessed a side of my strength That made me angry and bleed With the frustration havin me smokin Newports and weed To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by Those be the times when I try to rely On my niggas and street motherfuckers And reach out to wifey and then I place a call on my mother To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by (Hey yo mom pick up the phone, I g- I gotta to talk to you ma) If you was five percent instead of actin stupid and guessin You had to go and study your lessons And know your math in the building recession to get by [Hook: Talib Kweli + background singers] This morning I woke up Feelin brand new and I, I jumped up Feelin my highs and my lows In my soul, and my goals Just to stop smoking and stop drinkin But I been thinkin I got my reasons Just to get (get), just to get (get) Just to get (get), just to get (get buh buh buh bye bye) [background singers repeat in the background] bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah dah bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah daaah [Talib Kweli] Some people try to be fly They fake and they lie They snakes'll see the hate in their eyes Look at the sky to survive People try to get by Fightin force, slice of the pie Tryin to eat and be high How you know you really alive if you don't reach for the sky? Your eyes keep on the prize What you seek and you'll find Who's the realest niggas? that we let people decide Who keepin it live? Brooklyn got the key to the ride, c'mon Some people try to be fly They fake and they lie They snakes'll see the hate in their eyes Look at the sky to survive People try to get by Fightin force, slice of the pie Tryin to eat and be high How you know you really alive if you don't reach for the sky? Your eyes keep on the prize What you seek and you'll find Who's the realest niggas? that we let people decide Who keepin it live? Brooklyn got the key to the ride, c'mon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Jay-Z, Kanye West, Lil Wayne Album: Paper Trail Song: Swagga Like Us Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro/Chorus 4X: sample of M.I.A.'s "Paper Planes"] "No one on the corner has swagger like us" "Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us" [Kanye West] {"No one on the corner"} Mr. West is in the buildin Swagger on a hundred thousand trillion {"No one on the corner"} Aiyyo I know I got it first I'm Christopher Columbus, y'all just the pilgrims Thanksgiving, do we even got a question? Hermes pastel, I pass the dressin My attitude is tattooed That mean it's permanent, so I guess we should address it, huh? {"No one on the corner"} My swagger is Mick Jagger Every time I breathe on a track, I asthma attack it Why he so mad for? Why he gotta have it? Cause I slaved my whole life, now I'm the master Naaaaa-na-naaaaa How it feel to wake up and be the shit, and the urine? Naaaaa-na-naaaaa Tryna get that Kobe number, one over Jordan [Jay-Z] Geah.. {"No one on the corner"} Got a bop like this Can't wear skinny jeans cause my knots don't fit No one on the corner got a pocket like this So I rock Roc jeans cause my knots so thick You can learn how to dress just by jackin my fresh Jackin-jackin my fresh, jackin-jackin my fresh Follow my steps is the road to success Where the niggaz know you're thorough when the girls say yes (yes!) {"No one on the corner"} But I can't teach you my swag You can pay for school but you can't buy class {"No one on the corner"} School of hard knocks I'm a grad And that all-blue Yankee is my graduation cap It's Hooooo-vahhhhh Dippin different Rovers, whippin with the soda Hooooo-vahhhhh Did you even have any doubt after "Doubt" it was over [Lil Wayne] No one on the corner has swagger like moi Church, but I'm too clean for the choir I require, what I desire I got stripes, A-di-das Mamis scream, "Papi no ms!" Run up in your shit, just me, no Moss Runnin this shit like I got fo' thighs No one has swagger like these fo' guys Now when it comes to styles, I got several Sharper than the swag or dagger all metal And my jew-els, blue and yellow The type of shit that make 'em call you Carmelo Rules as follows stay true to the ghetto Write your name on the bullet make you feel special Ha! What the fuck you boys talkin 'bout? I know it's us cause we the only thing to talk about And I'm gone... bye [T.I.] Yeah, hah, you think? That's right; ay You can go see Weezy for the wordplay, Jeezy for the bird play Kanyeezy for diversity and me for controversy All my verses picture perfect, only spit to serve a purpose You ain't livin what you kickin then you worthless Lookin from the surface it may seem like I got reason to be nervous Then observe my work to see that my adversity was worth it Verses autobiographical, absolutely classical Last thing I'm worried 'bout is what another rapper do Ain't nobody hot as me Even if they rap they ass off, blast off and have outstandin quality Sell a lot of records, I'll respect it and salute that But spittin real life on hot beats, I'm the truth at You kick it like me, no exaggeration necessary Livin revolutionary, nothin less than legendary Gangsta shit hereditary, got it from my dad Flow colder than February with extraordinary swag [T.I. - over Chorus] Okay, yeah, that's right Okay, yeah, so you notice huh? Hah, yeah, okay, tell 'em for me shawty Yeah, that's right, yeah [Chorus] - echoes at the end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Jay-Z Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: Watch What You Say to Me Typed by: bomberfromdabean@aim.com Ay, Ay, Ay Watch what you say to me  You better watch what you say to me Watch what you say to me You say, I'll spray Watch what you say to me You see me and ya know I'm tooled up You don't wanna see me cut the fool bruh Watch what you say to me Let me find out you talkin tough in ya song When you see me you know what's up boy, it's on Nigga, what you say to me? Cause see I ain't been a fuck nigga never I'm just warning all you sucka niggas Better watch what you say to me Cause I'm known to make a mountain out of mold Hell, you don't wanna get ya four kids... Watch what you say to me [1st verse: T.I.] Got a tool in my pocket and the club just rockin Watching ey' nigga while they girlfriend jocking They gotta let it go cause niggas already know I got that thang with me and they just to let it go I'm trying to mind my business though, tell I hear this nigga say yo "They ain't nobody, fuck em" I'm thinking I'm fitting to buss em Wait, look up the city, police is lookin at me I tell C, he tell Doug, they tell Jay-z When you see, then surround em, then call to squirrel me Pick a perfect spot and make sure that they girl see My man offered dude a drink, he said "what? wuchu think?" Then call from then on all you couldn't see nuthin but bottles Remy Martin to the noggin, bet it bust it wide open His bitch standing there hollering while he lying on the floor, shit Why you feeling sorry for him? He asked for it Listen ya'll, here come the moral of the story [2nd verse: Jay-z] Rap music is something ain't it? The way these pictures is painted You swear these niggas is dangerous, the gangsta shit they be saying Lock em up in the booth with a half ounce of that cannabis Sit back, and watch the outlandish shit they portraying But, soon as you see em they freeze up like in museums Them statues, you like, "Is that the dude, that said he was gonna (pop you)" Niggas get running before you finish ya sentence And then they back to riffing, when they off at the safe distance You like, you was just here, you disappear like magicians In thin air, I'm like damn, nigga at least keep it consistent I hear you baiting me lately, I been doing my best just to stay hater free Still watch what you say to me Sooner or later I take you up on your offer And put you all in ya place like I'm replacing ya father You talking, to the author, the architect of The Blueprint My DNA in ya music, muthafucka you stupid? [3rd verse: T.I.] Cuz I ain't never been a sucka, been gangsta my whole life So a nigga disrespect me and it's on on sight I hear what you say in ya song, some of that I don't like Keep it up, I feel tried, I see you, we gon' fight Be a man, say my name if you talking to me You never say it, well I figure you ain't talking to me Find out you is at the awards or was the code in the streets I swear I beat ya fuckin ass like it ought to be beat See I ain't whispering lame, I ain't one for the game If I say fuck you nigga then, fuck you nigga, simple and plain I say no problem, there's no problem, pimping you do the same Now you just, swallow ya pride cuz you know I'm off the chain Try to refrain from being violent but you come out ya face I got my lawyer paid up ready to catch me a case When I feel you disrespected me, I'mma get me a K But all this shit can be avoided one way... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Jay-Z Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: Lobster & Scrimp Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Yeah, uh-huh Uh-huh uh-huh uh... yo! Yi-yea, yeah Yo Timbaland, wh-where Missy at? (Ha ha, right here Dawg) Geyeah Uh-huh uh-huh uh Uh-huh, yaknahmean? (Yeah) Lobster shrimp nigga, I'm a pimp nigga Feel the game that I spit.. lobster shrimp nigga Yeah, c'mon From the gutter to the rich From holes in my clothes to the most butter shit How's life, what a bitch Now I rock ice for the fuck of it Your wife love my shit, know who you fuckin with? Jay-hovah, 'fore I never got no play Now these bitches wanna give me more head than Sade (Say what?) Crisp in the 6 withcha bitch parlayed I need privacy I pull up the back shade Initials on the headrest, it's official Style so sick I need bedrest, nigga I got issues (Say what?) I hate fake bitches, "you gotta wait" bitches "I don't know you, I don't fuck on the first date" bitches (Is that right?) Hot shot niggaz, talk to the cop niggaz "Money, that's my girl," cock block niggaz See you in the club, and scheme on your watch niggaz Talk a lot of shit with, no Glock niggaz It's Jigga baby, let it be known I'm the king, I could never be dethroned Thank God Uh-huh, yeah yeah yeah Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, yo Is you a pimp nigga? (Yes I'm a pimp nigga) Well spit the game nigga (Lobster and shrimp nigga) Yo, ain't nuttin changed nigga, you know the name Jigga And I came to put it down for y'all, what? Call me, fitty plus, niggaz envious Drop top, Jigga, leave em in the dust You got a lot of crew, do any of em bust? Hell no, Jigga off the hook, "Hello!" They call me poppy seed, this is hot to me I got this lock and key, I got cities Under Siege When I'm in L.A. the six-four is ill When I'm in the A-T-L it's the Coupe DeVille When I'm down in Miami, I'm hoppin through with the all black Ninja with the sock over my shoe Mami screamin, "Papi chu', who keeps stoppin you?" And I'm screamin, "Not a cat, Money holla back" It ain't nothin but beginners, and y'all in the game but y'all can't ball like Chicago centers This is it niggaz, get your grip niggaz It's about to get hot mami, Who You Wit? "Jigga!" 1 - 	Is you a pimp nigga? (Yes I'm a pimp nigga) 	Well spit the game nigga (Lobster and shrimp nigga) 	Ain't nuttin changed nigga, you know the name Jigga 	And I came to put it down for y'all 	Is you a pimp nigga? (Yes I'm a pimp nigga) 	Well spit the game nigga (Lobster and shrimp nigga) 	Ain't nuttin changed nigga, you know the name Jigga 	And I came to put it down for y'all Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Hear Timbo' on the CB, need some info Your chick is with you Dawg? [Timbaland] Gotta be, 10-4 I'm in the 5-speed now so I shift to fo' [Jay-Z] Mash my foot on the gas til it hit the floor [Timbo] Tires left skid marks, whoa [Jay-Z] Shit's about to start [Timbo] How we got there? [Jay-Z] Snatched the case of Crist' up out the car Can you stand the rain cause it's pourin now [Timbo] I hope she likes porno flicks cause she starrin now! [Jay-Z] If the answer is no, she speakin foreign now [Timbo] Just let a brotha know, I turn my car around [Jay-Z] Freak or freeze, if the answer really is no Girl I leave so fast you can speak to my breeze She said, "You're stressin me now," Said, "No No No," then, "Yea yea yea" like she Destiny's Child  [BOTH] We about to cook [Jay-Z] with no recipe now -- to the mornin, then  [BOTH] LET'S BE OUT! Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Timbaland] That's how we do it y'all Timbaland, Jay-Z Two pimps Two pimps Two pimps baby Put it down Don't you like that? We like to do it like that We like to ride these tracks Uhh, you don't think we two pimps? Huh, holla back You know what? Tell you somethin like this With the Ferraris and Jaguars, switchin four lanes Ha ha, money ain't a thang Ha ha, I got no thangs you know what I'm sayin? You know why? Cause I'm a pimp And Jay-Z? He's the pimper you know what I'm sayin? That's how we do it right here in the nine-eight So we gotta be out let it ride like this Bounce The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Jay-Z, Twista Album: Indecent Proposal Song: Party People Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Guess who? Uh, uh-uh uh-uh Jigga, ya heard? Uh-uh, a-Timbaland, ya heard? Uh, Twista, ya heard? C'mon, c'mon Uh-uh, uh-uh, g-ge, ge-geah Yo.. yo.. ye-yea, ye-yea Turn this up.. yo, yo, yeah When the war's on, the 4's are drawn like pictures The niggaz is all gone when these triggers get witcha Nigga before long you need stitches in your longjohns A.K., t-t-t-t, heartbeat, t-t-t-t Eight figures you fake twitchy niggaz can't stop (that) Jigga, Twista my nigga Timb on the hot track How you gon' stop that? We can't be slowed Niggaz (?), look at your clothes When I'm in crazy mode, three-eighty blows like Maceo, leave acey holes That's just Jay-Z doe, crazy flow Rhyme great, dominate your radio C'mon, get your gun, your mask and gloves I don't ask for love, I blast 'em up Respect my gangsta dude, or your life's in danger dude Doctors pushin on your chest tryin to bring you through [Chorus: Timbaland] + (Twista) All my party people gon' do what? (Gonna get buck) Get some liquor in the gut (So whassup?) (Get them lighters lit up, make them get up  with somethin the East and West gon' bump) All my party people gon' do what? (Get crunk) Get some liquor in the gut (So whassup?) (Get them lighters lit up, T got some gangsta shit  that's beatin in yo' trunk) [Magoo] Fuckin with Mag, nigga end up in a hospital Sittin on the corner of the bed, sick cause of what I said to him On a track star beef take it in the kitchen Cookin MC's all niggaz taste like chicken Hittin 'em high, bitin they ear Tyson on a muh'fucker vampire style, I'm a bloodsucker You turnin into a mad ducker, tellin ya dog I'm at the Rucker with a bad Puerto Rican chick Fat as my cash and she a dick sucker, get up outcha car You ain't goin real far, see the chainsaw? Breakin the law, like turnin a dyke when it come to that man that just like Mike I don't care what you like, I'll make you run in outer space If you go to court man, only wish you got a case For real, I'm fuckin faced on a hill of ice Mag hot now nigga 50 G's the price [Timbaland] Timbaland good for that - {*beat plays, he scats*} {*scatting*} - I invented that Hear the hi-hat, hear the bassline on the track Remember "One in a Million" when I left ya back Producers sayin, "How you get your sound like that?" I don't know playa, I'm a creative cat Got party people dancin to dis and dat Got party people sayin, "This a dope-ass track!" [Twista] Timbaland hit 'em with the um, ah-um, ah-um-ahh, you gon' do what? Stop frontin you bumpin the new cut like a shoe ah, um ah-um ah, hit 'em in the gut Twitchin and itchin to get up, I hit 'em up With some skanless to vibe to and ride to with the stanky inside you - listen to while a freak lickin you Go on a bogus mission to, somethin you crip-walk in the kitchen to Somethin you bump on the porch or the park Or pump it while you displayin yo' heart when you flex on a mark You can play it to clear your head from drama with the feds and all the homies like down for when they in the dark Used to rock up at the block club, players wasn't ridin slick You can let your mind cruise for miles They can't tell no sucker who's allowed, with a strap on the mic I'm thinkin how can I move the crowd, move the crowd [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Timbaland] .. bounce wit me, bounce wit me, bounce, ow ow ow Ow ow ow-ow ah, shake wit me, shake wit me, shake wit me, shake.. .. bounce wit me, bounce wit me.. Shake wit me, shake wit me Ow, one time, bounce wit me, bounce wit me Yo, ahh Remember when you first found me?  I was workin at Burger King Now take a good look around me  Look at all these cars, look at all these girls Why you always tryin to put down me?  Why you always tryin to put down me? You get 'round your friends and try to clown me  Why you always tryin to pull that boo-boo? I'm gettin tired of all that bullshit  Always talkin dis and dat Your girls screamin, "We looove him!"  See girls, they LOVE me Girl that's just, only Tim  Yes, it's only Tim Whatchu talkin 'bout that's only Tim?  Yeah whatchu talkin 'bout that's only Tim? Cause [Timbaland: repeat 2X] I made it this far (this far) Made it without yo' money (yo' money) Made it without yo' car (yo' car) Made it without yo' naggin (what?) Now look who's the star (whoo!) [Timbaland] YaknowhatI'msayin? Why it gotta happen to people like me, I don't get it I don't understand it That's why people like myself, only hang with self Hahaha, and nobody else Easy now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Justin Timberlake f/ Jay-Z Album: The 20/20 Experience Song: Suit & Tie Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Justin Timberlake] Ohhhh I be on my suit and tie shit, tied shit, tied I be on my suit and tie shit, tied shit Can I show you a few things? A few things, a few things, little baby cause I be on my suit and tie shit, tied shit (check it) I be on my suit and tie shit, tied shit Let me show you a few things Let me show you a few things (Wait a minute, you ready J.T.?) [Justin Timberlake] I can't wait 'til I get you on the floor, good-lookin Hey, goin hot so hot just like an oven And owww, I burned myself, I just had to touch it But it's so fire, and it's all mine Hey baby, and we don't mind all the watchin - hi Cause if they study close real close they might learn somethin She ain't nothin but a little doozy when she does it She's so fire, tonight [Chorus: Justin Timberlake] And as long as I've got my suit and tie I'ma leave it all on the floor tonight And you got fixed up to the nines Let me show you a few things (show you a few things) All pressed up in black and white And you're dressed in that dress I like Love is swingin in the air tonight Let me show you a few things (show you a few things) Let me show you a few things Show you a few things about love Now we're in the swing of love Let me show you a few things Show you a few things about love, hey [Justin Timberlake] Stop, let me get a good look at it Oooh so thick, now I know why they call it a fatty And ohhh~! Shit's so sick got a hit and picked up a habit Uh, but that's alright, cause you're all mine Ohhh~! Go on and show 'em who you call daddy I guess they're just mad cause girl they wish they had it Oooh, my killer, my +Thriller+, yeah you're a classic And you're all mine, tonight [J.T.] Get out your seat Hov' [Jay-Z] Uhh, all black at the white shows White shoes at the black shows Green card for the Cuban links Y'all sit back and enjoy the light show Nothin exceeds like excess Stoute got gout from havin the best of the best Is this what it's all about? I'm at the rest- -aurant, my rant disturbin the guests Years of distress, tears on the dress Try to hide her face with some make-up sex Uhh... this is truffle season Tom Ford tuxedos for no reason All Saints for my angel ... Alexander Wang too Ass-tight denim and some Dunks I'll show you how to do this Young! Uhh No papers, catch vapors Get high, out Vegas D'usss on doubles, ain't lookin for trouble You just got good jeans/genes so a nigga tryin to cuff you Tell your mother that I love her cause I love you Tell your father we go farther as a couple They ain't lose a daughter, got a son I'll show you how to do this huh! Uhh [Chorus] w/ minor variations [J.T.] Ohhh~! {*Justin ad libs to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Too $hort f/ Jay-Z, Jermaine Dupri Album: Can't Stay Away Song: Here We Go (J.D. Remix) Typed by: Itsfinest@aol.com Chorus: Jermaine Dupri We talk shit, cause we are the shit Never looked back since we started it When ya'll want heat we provide it, ride it 'Til the wheels fall of, shaking 'em all off Six figure niggas with it, over did it, spit it In ways that'll cause a rush Keeping your face in a state of disgust  Hating but still trying to be like us Verse One: Jay-Z Twist the lime on the corona, grab my crime diploma Then head to the block, to pull up five in the mona Shit, I need to chrome up, become a home owner Look lifes a bitch, but im on her I almost cracked this, no more hustling backwards Up the ave I zip, nigga trying to have shit Im your average, ghetto nigga turned maverick You'd never, said to a nigga "Whateve for the cash, im with" I dont have step, I leave it in youre averix Then shoot it it the air, whateva I have left Outlaw, simply I out draw y'all Wether clubs or the street, I out ball y'all Niggas aint ready, I doubt all y'all Fly ass niggas I reroute all y'all If it aint for the paper I dont show my face up Make a bet I turn the ace up, $hort and Jay, what Verse two: Too $hort I never stop making money dont give 'em no slack Drinking dirty motherfuckers til a hoe come back With my scratch, bitch I was born to mack To uphold the pimping, I was sworn to that I hear a lot of shit talking when I listen to rap Only a few mc's get to hang that plaque On the wall rappers ball, but they dont live phat Nigga, I doubt if you go gold or platinum What we do has only been mastered by a few I take a half a million tapes sell 'em straight to you All that shit niggas talking just cant be real I dont need a record deal, I need eighteen wheels I roll right up in the hood I got tapes for sell Bitches running in their house they cant wait to tell Somebody, she got a new Too $hort tape And hes spitting pimp game with his homeboy Jay Chorus: Jermaine Dupri We talk shit, cause we are the shit Never looked back since we started it When ya'll want heat we provide it, ride it 'Til the wheels fall of, shaking 'em all off Six figure niggas with it, over did it, spit it In ways that'll cause a rush Keeping your face in a state of disgust  Hating but still trying to be like us Verse Three: Too $hort Now here they come again the gold diggas trying to get paid,  Wanna trick the old rich niggas, trying to get laid She'll suck his dick, as soon as she meet him Dont have to sell a body for me I dont need her To turn tricks for me, how much you cost bitch? Im all about large bank deposits On and off the mic I always set trends Either you see with bitches, or Im rolling with pimps Brook-laan to Oakland, I keep smokin' Jay-Z and short dog at these hoes again The kinda niggas that'll take a square bitch around the corner Put this pimp game on her I dont fuck with broke hoes and I dont trick But I'll still rub my big ass dick on her clit Get her hooked, wanna be mine I need some money If she aint kicking in all the time she dont want me Verse Four: Jay-Z Hoes, flows, money, cars Y'all wannabe stars cant fuck with none of these bars This is real nigga rap, we can spit it through the mic And you can feel niggas scratch, and sell a mil if that So real when we drop this shit its in trouble When I guess the pair you gotta ship it double In the independent phenom, y'all minature dons Wannabe jigga, pops styles and hennessy richa' When I die, leave my canopy richa' I put it down hard ever since I entered the pit'cha Can fuck with me for records to the recreational cent'a I got it wrapped y'all from the grammys to the back park Short dog y'all, what you thought y'all, Oakland, Bk, New york y'all Be the voice for the streets we supply for years And go platinum on our most quiet years Chorus: Jermaine Dupri We talk shit, cause we are the shit Never looked back since we started it When ya'll want heat we provide it, ride it 'Til the wheels fall of, shaking 'em all off Six figure niggas with it, over did it, spit it In ways that'll cause a rush Keeping your face in a state of disgust  Hating but still trying to be like us Chorus repeat 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Uncle Murda f/ Jay-Z, Sadat X Album: He Asked For It 12" Song: He Asked For It (Fat Joe Diss) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [intro: Sadat X: sampled from "Punks Jump Up to Get Beat Down"] (Jay-Z) (*Uncle Murda) One day when I was ridin on the train I seen these two kids talkin About the (Roc-A-Fella) had fallen (YEAH!) One day when I was ridin on the train I seen these two kids talkin About the (Roc-A-Fella) had fallen (YEAH! Roc-A-Fella y'all!!!! OWWW!!!!) (*EAST NEW YORK!!!!) [Verse 1: Uncle Murda] Before Stack Bundles died he said I was the new version of Biggie B.I.G. tell Stacks he wasn't lyin I really get busy (You heard Diddy?!) I be listenin like damn I said that?! I should be a millionaire where the fuck is the bread at?! (Where the money?) Come on niggas come up to me and say You should have signed to 50 instead of signin with Jay (WORD!!!) Man I got six figures from Jay I'm straight You little groupie ass niggas get the fuck out my face!!! (UHHHHH!!!) Chris Lighty told me to tell y'all get off my dick I'm connected how y'all know I ain't fuckin with Fif?! (G-G-G-G-G) Hustlers holla at me like, whattup Murd? I heard you got it but you overchargin niggas for that work (I AM!!!) You get it for the low low but your prices is WOOO!!!!!! (It's about to be higher!!!!) I'm like yeah that's the motherfuckin TRUTH!!!! (But it's fire!!!) Shit you know where I gotta go to get it I be feelin like Frank Lucas before he started snitchin [Chorus: Sadat X] (DJ Scratching) He asked for it his man saw it so it don't mean shit to me He's gone, and that's how it supposed to be Check it out now! (I get away with mur-mur-murda!!!) He asked for it his man saw it so it don't mean shit to me He's gone, and that's how it supposed to be Check it out now! (I get away with mur-mur-murda!!!) [Verse 2: Jay-Z]  Let's do this.. Yes, gangsta, gangsta, how y'all wanna do this? I clap niggas down for yappin off follish Ain't no stoppin this Roc-A-Fella movement The name is Jay Guevara, homie, who are you and Your offbeat DJ? If anything he play, sound familiar I'll wait 'til Pharrell say, ("Lame...") Now I have to diss you, Joe You can get a smack for that, matter of fact The gats are blown, the natural like Roy Harve' The boy hard, your Toy Squad'll get squashed, BOY!!! Yardee, y'all be lost in the source Partly because y'all boss ain't a leader He's a follower, (NO!!!) no, I'm not coppin ya Album or your single, you likely to go coppa The coke coppa, the quick K cooker Sadat X like Master P, bring the hook up [Chorus: Sadat X] (DJ Scratching) He asked for it his man saw it so it don't mean shit to me He's gone, and that's how it supposed to be Check it out now! (I get away with mur-mur-murda!!!) He asked for it his man saw it so it don't mean shit to me He's gone, and that's how it supposed to be Check it out now! (I get away with mur-mur-murda!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Usher f/ Jay-Z Album: Here I Stand Song: Best Thing Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com  [Intro: Jay-Z] I mean, Ush, is this what it comes to man? This how we gon' do it? I mean even grass grow baby, you know? Seeds become plant, boys become men What we gon' do? Let's lead the way  [Jay-Z] Uh, wrapped around all girls like Pashminas Was my demeanor? The grass is always greener On the other side, there's bigger lies, can't give a ring up I couldn't give a fuck, how coould I give a finger? Let alone half bath and closets So claustrophobic, in fear of close objects Now it's sorta like two door garages It's like two broads menagin, you the best mama  [Usher] Is there any chance that you remember, mamibeing more? Just a horrible man, and would you consider pulling this trigger and taking a second  shotat romance? Aw baby, Igroomed the days when you were my girl And I was your man, though I took you for granted But it wasn't till now I see how much i missed you Girl I'm sorry I ran the streets acting like a damn fool Butfor once it dawns the truth I can be fake, I can be phony Acting all hard, that's forhomage isslowly I try to flex but I confess, that when you left you took the very best thing  The best thing that ever happened to me You took the best thing The best thing that I ever seen You took the best thing The best thing that I ever had And you're all I feel in strength Cause baby when you left, you took the very best  [Usher] Remember Mimi or Vita? Remember Iesha or Eva, I ain't got 'em no more Hey, it's for Naomi and Jenny, the same outcome as Chilli, girl, I let 'em all go Oooh, no more trickin and kissin miscellaneous chicks acting like a jerk Woman, I been to church and I talked to the bishop And he wanted me to share this with you; how much I missed you I'm so sorry that I ran the streets acting like a damn fool Butfor once itgoes that'strue I can be fake, I can be phony Acting all hard, that's forhomage is slowly I try to flex but I confess, that when you left you took the very best thing   [Jay-Z] Uh, momma try to told me "Hovi Hov to slow it down You gon' lose theyour thing if you keep gettin round" Like pop need a partner when you ol' to hold him down Ma, forever young was forever numb Sorry Staci, sorry Dawn, Amil-lion and all of them All of them was for the time, it wasn't you, it was him School me once, school me twice, three times I was dumb Now it's so plain to see to me I got the one, you the best mama  [Usher] I can be fake, I can be phony Acting all hard, that's forhomage isslowly I try to flex but I confess, that when you left you took the very best thing  The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Usher f/ Ester Dean, Jay-Z Album: Versus/Raymond v. Raymond (Deluxe Edition) Song: Hot Tottie Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Jay-Z] They call me King Hov, copy? Uh {*4X*} [Chorus: Usher] + (Ester Dean) I'm like whoa Kimosabe, yo' body is my hobby We freakin this ain't cheatin as long as we tell nobody Tell your girls you're leavin, I'll meet you in the lobby I'm so cold, yeah you that hot tottie (Oh-oh-ohhh-oh-oh, oh-ohhh-oh-oh) Hot tottie (oh-ohhh-oh-oh, oh-ohhh-oh-oh) Hot tottie (thought I'd never fall in love) Ay (I thought I'd never fall in love, OOH!) [Usher] I see you like to talk, yeah, I hear ya baby Claimin you a bad {bitch}, show me baby I'm a wild boy, you tryin to tame me baby To where I get it from the house, can you keep me faithful? Got a lot of girls, got a lot of flavors That's why when I hit 'em they on me to return the favor Yeah I hear you what you sayin but hear me babe Think you can whip it to the point where I'm screamin your name? Said I'm tryin to get your clothes off From what I'm seein you look so soft It's your body what I'm goin off Said you the rider, just don't fall off Ohhhhhhhh-OHHHHHHH Yeah I done had a lot of women that tell me what they can do  but can you show me babe? Oooooh, you got me like [Usher] + (Ester Dean) Yeah, yeah, yo I'm a choosy lover, I pick 'em out Talk a lot of {shit} dawg, it's good as you puttin out Yeah you fancy, huh? I'm tryin to pull you out See it's a lot of girls standin rooooooooooound She said (You claim you're the best!) Ohh! (And I, only want the best!) So I said ha, "I ain't gon' be here long" Girl I'm tryin to get you home and get your clothes off Skeet-skeet a couple off and then you doze off You claimin it's better {wetter} if I take it off Said you the rider, just don't fall off Ohhhhhhhh-OHHHHHHH Yeah I done had a lot of women that tell me what they can do  but can you show me babe? Oooooh, you got me like [Interlude: Usher] I'm so cold, I'm so cold {*4X*} And I need a hot tottie Will you be my hot tottie? She said she wanna make me better She wanna make me better {"Wait a minute mother..."} [Jay-Z] + (Usher) Call me King Hov, copy? They call me King Hov, copy? Uh They call me King Hov, copy, copy, copy? They call me King Hov, copy? Big ballin is my hobby So much so they think I'm down with the Illuminati My watch do illuminate, my pockets are naughty But I'm God-body, y'all better ask somebody I was born a god, I made myself a king which means I downgraded to a human being You was born a goddess, I made you my queen which means we upgraded to Louie the 13th (hot tottie) Hot tottie, her body like Cognac Her momma like herb tea, we burned a couple of sacks And as the tea speak I creeped all in her teepee We did it Indian style, had the girl speaking in tongue, she like "Young, you hung, what you done done? Stop it 'fore you wake up my mom, I might.." {*woman moans*} And now that you arrived it's time that I go (yeah) I'm so cold, I'm so cold, Hov! (ohh!) [Interlude] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Jay-Z, Jim Morrison, Bobby "Blue" Bland, David Ruffin Album: I'm Good Song: Blueprint Complication Typed by: riku.reunamaki@kolumbus.fi * * send corrections to the typist {*The song starts with Jay-Z - Izzo (H.O.V.A.)*} Ladies and gentlemen let's put our hands together for the astonishing H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A [Jay-Z] Welcome ladies and gentlemen to the 8th wonder of the world The flow of the century, oh it's timeless, HOV'! Thanks for comin' out tonight You could've been anywhere in the world, but you're here with me I appreciate that, uhh *The song changes to: The Jackson Five - I Want You back* *The song changes to: The Doors - Five to One* [Kanye West talking] Yo this song right here, I remember I used to play This sample for people before I hooked up And I used to tell people "you know, this, this gon' be like The Truth But it's gon' better than The Truth", and to all my niggaz, my nigga ??? said: "I mean ask these but it ain't no Truth, that ain't no Truth right there!" And he was all like, the Takeover [Jim Morrison] Five to one, baby, one in five No one here, gets, out alive, now You'll get yours, baby, I'll get mine Gonna make it, baby, if we try The old get old, and the young get stronger May take a week, and it may take longer They got the guns, but we got the numbers Gonna win, yeah we're, takin' over Come on! *The song changes to: Jay-Z - Takeover* [Jay-Z] R.O.C., we runnin' this rap shit Memphis Bleek, we runnin' this rap shit B. Mac, we runnin' this rap shit Freeway, we runnin' this rap shit O and Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit Chris and Neef, we runnin' this rap shit The takeover, the break's over nigga God MC, me, Jay-Hova Hey lil' soldier you ain't ready for war R.O.C.'s too strong for y'all [Kanye West] Acrite nigga! *The song changes to: Jay-Z - Heart of the City (Ain't no Love)* [Jay-Z] Uh, uh, listen First the Fat Boys break up, now every day I wake up Somebody got a problem with Hov' What's up y'all niggaz all fed up cause I got a little cheddar and my records movin' out the store *The song changes to: Bobby "Blue" Bland - Ain't no Love in the Heart of the City* [Bobby "Blue" Bland] Ain't no love, in the heart of the city Ain't no love, in the heart of town Ain't no love.. *The song changes to: David Ruffin - Common Man* [David Ruffin] Yeeehh *The song changes to: Jay-Z - Never Change* [Jay-Z (David Ruffin)] 	(Never, never, never, never change) I never change, this is Jay every day 	(I never change!) I never change, this is Jay every day 	(I never change!) I never change, this is Jay Artist: Kanye West f/ Big Sean, James Fauntleroy II, Jay-Z Album: G.O.O.D. Music Song: Clique Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [James Fauntleroy II] What of the dollar you murdered for Is that the one fightin for your soul Or your brother's the one that you're runnin from But if you got money, fuck it, cause I want some BIG... fuckin with me... [Chorus: Big Sean] Ain't nobody fuckin with my Clique, clique, clique, clique, clique Ain't nobody fresher than my muthafuckin Clique, clique, clique, clique, clique As I look around, they don't do it like my Clique, clique, clique, clique, clique And all these bad bitches, man, they want the They want the, they want the [Big Sean] I tell a bad bitch do whatever I say My block behind me like I'm comin out the driveway It's grind day, from Friday, to next Friday I been up straight for nine days, I need a spa day Yup, She tryin get me that poo-tang I might let my crew bang, my crew deeper than Wu-Tang I'm rollin with... fuck I'm saying? Girl, you know my crew name You know 2 Chainz? Scrrr! I'm pullin up in that Bruce Wayne But I'm the fuckin villain, man, they kneelin when I'm walkin in the buildin Freaky women I be feelin from the bank accounts I'm fillin What a feeling, ah man, they gotta be Young player from the D that's killin everything that he see [Jay-Z] Yeah, I'm talkin 'Ye, yeah, I'm talkin Rih' Yeah, I'm talkin B, nigga, I'm talkin me Yeah, I'm talkin bossy, I ain't talkin Kelis Your money too short, you can't be talkin to me Yeah I'm talkin LeBron, we ballin our family tree G.O.O.D Music drug dealin cousin, ain't nothin fuckin' with we, me Turn that 62 to 125, 125 to a 250 250 to a half a... man ain't nothin' nobody can do with me Now who with me? Vmonos! Call me Hov or Jefe Translation, I'm the shit, at least that what my neck say Least that what my check say, lost my homie for a decade Nigga down for like 12 years, ain't hug his son since the second grade He never told, who we gonna tell, we top of the totem pole It's the dream team, meets the Supreme Team And all our eyes green it only means one thing You ain't fuckin with my clique [Kanye West] Break records at Louis, ate breakfast at Gucci My girl a superstar all from a home movie Bow on our arrival - the Un-American idols What niggaz did in Paris, got em' hangin off the Eiffel Yeah I'm talkin business, we talkin CIA I'm talkin George Tenet, I seen him the other day He asked me about my Maybach, think he had the same Except mine tinted and his might have been rented You know white people get money don't spend it Or maybe they get money, buy a business I rather buy 80 gold chains and go ig'nant I know Spike Lee gone kill me but let me finish Blame it on the pigment, we livin no limits Them gold Master P ceilings was just a figment Of our imagination, MTV cribs Now I'm lookin at a crib right next to where TC lives That's Tom Cruise, whatever she accuse He wasn't really drunk he just had a frew brews Pass the refreshments, a cool, cool beverage Everythin I do need a news crew's presence Speedboat swerve, homie watch out for the waves I'm way too black to burn from sun rays So I just meditate at the home in Pompei About how I could build a new Rome in one day Everytime I'm in Vegas they screamin like he's Elvis But I just wanna design hotels and nail it Shit is real, got me feelin Israelian Like Bar Refaeli, Gisele, nah that's Brazilian Went through, deep depression when my momma passed Suicide, what kinda talk is that But I been talkin to God for so long And if you look at my life I guess he's talkin back Fuckin with my clique The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Jay-Z Album: Late Registration Song: Diamonds from Sierra Leone (Remix) Typed by: ava_azn@yahoo.com [Intro: Shirley Bassey sample] Diamonds are forever They are all I need to please me They can't stimulate or tease me They won't leave in the night Have no fear that they might desert me [Hook: Kanye West] + (sample) (Diamonds are forever, forever, forever) Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe (Diamonds are forever, forever, forever) The Roc is still alive everytime I rhyme (Forever...) Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever ever? Ever ever? Ever ever? Ever ever? Ever ever? [Verse 1: Kanye West] Good morning, this ain't Vietnam still People lose hands, legs, arms, fo' real Little was known on Sierra Leone And how it connect to the diamonds we own When I spit the diamonds in this song I ain't talkin' 'bout the ones that be glowin' I'm talkin' 'bout Roc-a-Fella, my home My chain, this ain't conflict diamonds Is they Jacob? Don't lie to me, man See, a part of me sayin', "Keep shinin'" How? When I know what a blood diamond 's Though it's thousands of miles away Sierra Leone connect to what we go through today Over here it's a drug trade, we die from drugs Over there they die from what we buy from drugs The diamonds, the chains, the bracelets, the charmses I thought my Jesus piece was so harmless 'Til I seen a picture of a shorty armless And here's the conflict It's in a black person soul to rock that gold Spend your whole life tryin' to get that ice On a Polo rugby it look so nice How can something so wrong make me feel so right? Right? 'fore I beat myself up like Ike You can still throw your Roc-a-Fella diamond tonight Because [Hook] [Verse 2: Kanye West] People askin' me is am I gon' give my chain back That'll be the same day I give the game back You know the next question dog, "Yo where Dame at?" This track the Indian dance that bring our reign/rain back What's up with you and Jay, man? Are y'all okay man? [Jay-Z] Yup, I got it from here 'Ye, damn The chain remains, the game is intact The name is mine, I'll take blame for that The pressure's on but guess who ain't gon' crack Haha, pardon me, I had to laugh at that How could you falter when you're the Rock of Gibraltar? I had to get off the boat so I could walk on water This ain't no tall order, this is nothin' to me Difficult takes a day, impossible takes a week I do this in my sleep I sold kilos of coke, I'm guessin' I can sell CDs I'm not a businessman I'm a business, man Let me handle my business, damn Kanyeez you got me, Freeway then Foxy YG's, Tiar', 'merie, Peedi watch me Bleek could be one hit away his whole career As long as I'm alive he's a millionaire And even if I die he's in my will somewhere So he could just kick back and chill somewhere Oh yeah, he don't even hafta write rhymes The Dynasty like my money, last three lifetimes Shirley Bassey's in the red sayin' exactly What I been sayin' practically my whole career A diamond is forever, I been minin' this forever Now the Louis Vuitton Don's timin' couldn't be better People lined up to see the Titanic sinkin' Instead we rose up from the ash like a phoenix If you waitin' for the end, the Dynasty sign And what seem like forever is a mighty long time [Outro: Jay-Z] + (sample) (Forever...) Uh, Young, bitches Haha Goodnight! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Kanye West Album: I'm Good Song:	Excuse Me Miss Again (Remix) Typed by: jm_harderwijk@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist WHOO! [Hook] Memph' Bleek always smokin that la-la-la (HOO) Beanie Sigel always smokin that la-la-la (HOO) Kanye track smoke like la-la-la (HOO) It's the R.O.C. mami, sing our lullaby C'mon! Excuse me miss, I'm the shit You should come, hang with me, basically Hold up, skip all the singin' let's get right tonight mami [Jay-Z] I know my English ain't as modest as you like But come, get some, you little bums I take the cake from under the baker's thumbs I bake the cake, get two of them for one Then I move the weight like I'm Oprah's son Uh, I'll show you how to do this son Young don't mess with chicks in Burberry paddings Fake Manolo boots straight from Steve Madden (u-uh) He padded hisself the rap J.F.K., you wanna pass for my Jaqueline Onassis Then, hop ya ass out that S-class Lay back in that Maybach, roll the best grass, I ask Have you in your long-legged life ever seen a watch surrounded by this much pink ice? Look but don't touch, motherfucker think twice 'Cause the gat that I clutch got a little red light Need a light? [Hook] To smoke that la-la-la Beanie Sigel always smoking that la-la-la Memph' Bleek always smoking that la-la-la It's the R.O.C. mami, sing our lullaby C'mon! Excuse me miss, I'm the shit You should come, hang with me, basically Hold up, skip all the singin' let's get right tonight mami [Jay-Z] We got brothers full of Arm'i, mami's in Manolo Bags by Chanel, all Louis Vuitton logos All attracted to Hov' because they know dough When they see him, whips be European If you're a ten, chances you're with him If you're a five, you know you ridin' with them Sick with the pen nigga, no physician in the world could fix him No prescription, you could prescribe to subside, his affliction He's not a sane man, he's more like reign man - twitchin' You can't rain dance on his picnic No Haitian voodoo, no headless chickens can dead his sickness No Ouija board, you can't see me dog, nigga you CB-4 This ain't Chris Rock bitch, it's the R.O.C. bitch And I'm the franchise like a Houston Rocket, Yao Ming! [Hook] Still smokin that la-la-la Memph' Bleek still smokin that la-la-la Beanie Sigel, Desert Eagle, the four-ty five It's the R.O.C. baby, sing our lullaby C'mon! Excuse me miss, I'm the shit You should come, hang with me, basically Hold up, skip all the singin' let's get right tonight mami [Verse Three: Kanye West] She playin she hate when I'm name droppin So when I talk rap, she gon' change topics But I got a plan B that's planned out, for when things don't pan out Hov' tellin ya mind brother, I'ma play shy brother So you take the Destiny Child girl in the Coupe? Then I'ma try bag the ones that got kicked out the group I figured that'll be simple, I'll just help 'em with their demo Help 'em to the limo, play the upboard instrumentals And she - grabbed my tattoo, peeped my credentials And she - grabbed my pants, felt the potential And I - rubbed 'bout every essential That have fun breakin her fundamentals Excuse me miss, the artist of the new millenium Has finally stopped drivin that blue Millenium And got a good of trenny and filled it with plenty of Henney and Remi and weed, 'til she higher than Hilliam [Hook] If she pass me, smoke that la-la-la Memphis Bleek always smokin that la-la-la Beanie Sigel, Desert Eagle, the four-ty five It's the R.O.C. bitch, sing our lullaby C'mon! Excuse me miss, I'm the shit You should come, hang with me, basically WHOA, skip all the singin' let's get right tonight, mami The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Busta Rhymes, Jay-Z, Mos Def, Talib Kweli Album: I'm Good Mixtape Song: Get By (Remix) Typed by: Noitacguht@aol.com, celestialchic74@aol.com [Mos Def] History It's happenin' every day y'all (right now) Everyday (right now) Right now (good mornin', Vietnam!) Listen Brooklyn wins again It's the Stuy, it's the Bush, dem niggaz again Ta' Kweli, Mighty Def, and S. Dot on the guest lock Kanye, you're the dope man in hip hop, now let's rock Now roll out niggaz, my hometown niggaz I get it good in your hood so slow down niggaz Watch the speed though, man, you better let ease off A street talk into a collision course with these walls - bam! They don't move, don't pray, don't lose, don't sleep Life passin', light flasin', life happens that fast part a gun Black hands up in prayer Black guns up in fear Dyin' wish is to touch the air Seekin' heaven that wasn't here Eyes will not see another year It's another day It's the same fight Different round, sound the bell Mix it up in victory where you live it up the beat And get risen up you're knocked down get it back and get it up Get off of queer street and get with us And get clear where we did it From the heart, from the people From the top, from the jeep From the gut, from the street From my soul to the mic to the essence Say in my absence you feel the presence, exactly I make contact for short, I, MC Me and mine we don't just get by We get free and that's ready [Mos -- nigga] [Jay-Z] Just to get by Nigga I sold coke, nigga I pushed lah Carried a fo'five Claimed I was ready to die Promised never to cry Held it all inside Reality was too much to take so I Kept my mind fried Slept for most of mine Soon as I closed my eyes Then I woke up behind Thinkin' either I load up these nines Or blow up with rhymes 'Cause this flow of mine is like blow up but lines of coca And your folks think Hov' just wrote stuff to rhyme Nah, I'm a poster for what happened seein your moms Doin five dollars worth to work just to get a dime So pardon my disposition Why should I listen to a system that never listened to me? Picture me working McDonald's I'd rather pull a mac on you Sorry Ms. Jackson but I'm packin [Kanye West] It's on I'm packin' weight like nina simone Piano flow  It's like a Michaelangelo painted a portrait of Maya Angelou And gave it to a sick poet for they antidote If music get's you choked up this is the tree and a rope This is Chi nigga, I'm mista all-a-dat Fuck a map, let's put this bitch on the almanac Dice what they hittin' for, 'lax what you sittin' on Tracks who you spittin on, rap till we get it on And don't let nobody with the power to sign Ever tell you you ain't got the power to rhyme They used to tell me toughen up Put some bass in your voice They used to tell me lighten up Put some mase in your voice Lord willin' I ain't kill nobody But I have a feelin' this album That I'm gonna make a killin' Or not a shillin' This is love it or hate it music But, at least we made it music And we didn't make it industry This is gon' be interesting This'll be the end of me or I'm fittin' to be an entity Kanye, Jay-Z, Mos Def, and Kweli We are not makin' songs no more We're makin' history [background singers] This morning I woke up Feelin brand new, I jumped up Feelin my highs and my lows In my soul, and my goals Just to stop smoking and stop drinkin But I been thinkin I got my reasons Just to get (by), just to get (by) Just to get (by), just to get (by) [background singers repeat in the background] bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah dah bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah daaah [Talib Kweli] Just to get by, just to get by Just to get by, just to get by [background singers] bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah dah Bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah daaah [Talib Kweli] Just to get by, just to get by Just to get by We keep it gangsta, stay 'fo shizzle', 'fo sheezy' To set the tide to the violence on the TV during the war Killin each other is easy, there's war and liquor for fallen niggaz Believe me, it's ghetto love, I bet you seen it all befo' Just to get by, my people we get fly My people we get high, fillin cigars with the lah Nigga come on, even Jesus was stoned before receivin' the throne I said to rest in peace to Nina Simone [Busta Rhymes] Back in the days we was used to doin the shit I can't call it all in the streets We was hustlin fiends that asked for it I guess I was used to just standin on corners Waitin for paper bags with bundles of crack Hopin the week was good so I could get money back To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by When I was stressed I possessed a side of my strength That made me angry and bleed With the frustration havin me smokin Newports and weed To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by Those be the times when I try to rely On my niggaz and street motherfuckers And reach out to wifey and then I place a call on my mother To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by (Hey yo mom pick up the phone, I g- I gotta to talk to you ma) If you was five percent instead of actin stupid and guessin You had to go and study your lessons And know your math in the building in session [Hook: Talib Kweli + background singers] This morning I woke up Feelin brand new, I jumped up Feelin my highs and my lows In my soul, and my goals Just to stop smoking and stop drinkin But I been thinkin I got my reasons Just to get (by), just to get (by) Just to get (by), just to get (get buh buh buh bye bye) [background singers repeat in the background] bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah dah bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah daaah [Talib Kweli] Some people try Some people try just to get by For my piece of the pie You love to eat and be high We deceive and we lie And we keepin' it fly - yo yo yo yo yo People ??? Keeper of the skies Can't see your eyes See the evil inside The best people you find Stronger people in mind I stay readin' the signs yo-yo-yo-yo yo [repeat] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Kanye West Album: I'm Good Song: Girls, Girls, Girls (Remix) Typed by: capricornfreak_83@yahoo.com "I'm not a one girl's guy... [real talk for ya, peep game] And they know it, when it comes to love I don't lie [we don't lie man] and the girls respect me for it [you gotta respect that] Ain't gonna say my nose can't be open [I may never say never] But right now it's just too many fine ladies out there to choose one from [too many ladies, ha] I'm tryin' girls out, just tryin' girls out HOOK: I love girls, girls, girls, girls, girls I do adore Yo put your number on this paper cuz I would love to date ya Holla at ya when I come off tour [Verse 1: Jay-Z] Whoo! Who you lovin, who you wanna be huggin, heh who you wit, who you wanna be fuckin got this smarty art chick to whom I pose this question I read a couple books to add to her soul's progression to put this in laymen's term, I gave her some knowledge she gave me, brains in return, she had to drop out of college knowin she does this homework, I give her in house tutoring in and out I'm movin through her student body union and she, call me professor, say daddy come and test her so she could fail on purpose and repeat the semester I'm like, at this rate ma you never graduate she said, I aint no fool I make it up in summer school HOOK: I love girls, girls, girls, girls, girls, I do adore Yo put your number on this paper cuz I would love to date ya Holla at ya when I come off tour Now let the people sing I'm tryin girls out, [just tryin girls out] just tryin girls out Yo put your number on this paper cuz I would love to date ya Holla at ya when I come off tour [Verse 2: Jay-Z] Heh, who you lovin, who you wanna be fuckin who said what, why you trippin girl, why's you fussin? got this model slash actress slash part time waitress spend a whole day she hangin round with part time haters all they do is diss dirt and put a up on my latest itinerary, but since I tend to vary see I tend to carry, more rumors than ten Mariah Careys tend to hurries in ten places at once plus she can't front just peep how I run mines ma, our time together is our time together, and uh our time apart is our time apart so love Jay with your mind girl and not your heart and some day I slow down, but for now I get around like the late Makiavelli or Perelli twenty inches or caine and O-dog, stick up tape from menace you tell 'em chicks if they must know my buisness HOOK: I'm tryin girls out, just tryin girls out put your number on this paper cuz I would love to date ya holla at ya when I get off tour I'm tryin girls, girls, girls, girls, girls I do adore yo put your number on this paper cuz I would love to date ya holla at ya when I come off tour [Verse 3: Kanye West] Now even though I went to college and dropped out of school quick I always had a P.H.D.--A pretty huge dick Ladies tired of getting ripped off by guys like this And giving head is like a whale that's using a toothpick Well--I'm in the club for a limited time only 2 way or phone me if you tryna bone me Yo man got moe-nee, you still feel lonely Claim he love you, thats no doubt, this nigga's phony You a light skinded Nia, a dark skinned Aaliyah A Black Jennifer Lopez, a ghetto senorita We can ride in my Jeep, but not no Kia We can talk on my cell, but not Nokia It be going in and out thats why I barely hear ya I be goin' in and out just like a robberia I'm tryna take this money like robbin Gia Then i'mma take you to my house like Trick and Trina Chi-Town, Chi-Town, big city of dreams and my dick so big it can't fit in my jeans And a bitch so mad she can't get in my cream and it get so bad she wanna tear up my things But still, K-A-N-Y-E Chi-Town playa out in N-Y-C She say she wanna go on a shopping spree Bought her some cheap J.Lo jeans 'cuz the ass was free "I'm not a one girl's guy, and they know it when it comes to love, I don't lie, and the girls respect me for it aint gonna say my nose? can't be over but right now it's just too many fine ladies out there to choose one from I'm tryin girls out, waiting patiently just tryin girls out, until I find the one for me" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Jay-Z, J. Ivy Album: The College Dropout Song: Never Let Me Down Typed by: ricorendezvous@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist When it comes to being true, at least true to me One thing I found, one thing I found Oh no you never let me down Get up, I get down Get up, I get down Get up, I get down Get up, I get down Get up, I get down Get up, I get down [Jay-Z] Yo, first I snatched the streets then I snatched the charts First I had they ear, now I have their heart Rappers came and went, I've been here from the start I seen them put it together, watched them take it apart Seen the rovers roll up wit ribbons I seen them re-po'd, re-sold then re-driven So when I reload, he holds #1 position When you hot I'm hot And when your feet cold, mines is sizzelin It's plain to see, niggaz can't fuck with me Cuz I'm a be that nigga for life This is not an image, this is God given This is hard livin, mixed with crystall sippin It's the most consistent, Hov Give you the most hits you can fit inside a whole disc and Nigga I'm home on these charts, y'all niggaz visitin It's Hov tradition, Jeff Gordan of rap I'm back to claim pole position, holla at ya boy [Chorus overlapping last four lines] [Kanye West] I get down for my grandfather who took my momma Made her sit in that seat where white folks ain't want us to eat At the tender age of 6 she was arrested for the sit in And with that in my blood I was born to be different Now niggaz can't make it to ballads to choose leadership But we can make it to Jacob's and to the dealership Swear I hear new music and I just don't be feelin it Racisms still alive, they just be concealin it But I know they don't want me in the damn club They even make me show I.D to get inside of Sam's club I done did dirt and went to church and get my hands scrubbed Swear I've been baptized each 3 or 4 times But in the land where niggaz praise Yukons and getting paid Its gon take a lot more than coupons to get us saved Like it take a lot more than durags to get you waves Nothing sad as that day my girl's father past away So I promised to Mr. Rany I'm gonna marry your daughter And you know I gotta thank you for the way that she was brought up And I know that you were smiling when you see the car I bought her You sent tears from heaven when you seen my car get balled up But I can't complain what the accident did to my left eye Cuz look what an accident did to Left Eye First Aaliyah now romeo must die? I know I got angels watchin me from the other side [J.Ivy] We are all here for a reason on a particular path You don't need a curriculum to know that you're apart of the math Cats think I'm delirious but I'm so damn serious That's why I expose my soul to the globe; the world I'm tryna make it better for these little boys and girls I'm not just another individual My spirit is a part of this that's why it's spiritual But I get my hymns from him So it's not me it's he that's lyrical I'm not a miracle, I'm a heaven sent instrument My rhythmatic regiment navigates melodic notes For your soul and your mental That's why I'm instrumental, vibrations is what I'm into Yeah I need my loot by rent day But that ain't what gives me the heart of Kunta Kinte I'm tryna give us us free like Sinke I can't stop, that's why I'm hot Determination, dedication, motivation I'm talking to you of my many inspirations When I say I can't let you or self down If I were on the highest cliff, on the highest riff And if you slipped off the side and clinched on to your life In my grip I would never ever let you down And when these words are found Let it be known that God's penmanship has been signed With a language called love That's why my breath is felt by the death And while my words are heard and confined to the ears of the blind I too dream in color and in rhyme So I guess I'm one of a kind in a full house Cuz whenever I open my heart, my soul or my mouth A touch of god reigns out [Jay-Z] Who else you know been hot this long Started from nothing but he got this strong Built the ROC from a pebble, peddled rock before I met you Peddled bikes, got my nephews peddle bikes because they special Let you tell it man I'm fallin well Somebody must have caught hI'm cuz Every fourth quarter, I like to Mike Jordan em Number one albums what I got, like four of em More of them on the way, the 8th wonder on the way Clear the way, I'm here to stay Y'all can save the chitter chat, this and that This is Jay, dissin Jay will get you Mase'd When I start spittin them lyrics niggaz get very religious Six hail mary's please father forgive us Young, the archbishop, the Pope John Paul of y'all niggaz They way y'all all follow Jigga Hov's a livin legend and I'll tell you why Everybody wanna be Hov and Hov's still alive The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Jay-Z, John Legend, Swizz Beatz Album: Power (Remix) iTunes single Song: Power (Remix) Typed by: duane@bookofhov.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Jay-Z - Intro] Is this thing on? Oh, I thought they silenced us, 'Ye Power to the people We're living in that 31st century, futuristic fly shit The penthouse is the projects and everybody flies private New watches (you know what time it is)  Watch us (you see us) They can't stop us The prophets Beotches! [Chorus: Kanye West] No one man should have all that power (Yea!) The clock's tickin, I just count the hours (Yea!) Stop trippin, I'm tripin off the power  ("No one man should have all that power!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ CyHi the Prynce, Jay-Z, Pusha T, RZA, Swizz Beatz Album: My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy Song: So Appalled Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Swizz Beatz - Intro] One hand in the air, if he don't really care Two hands in the air, if he don't really care It's like that sometimes, I mean ridiculous It's like that sometimes, the shit ridiculous One hand in the air, if he don't really care Middle finger in the air, if you don't really care It's like that sometimes, man ridiculous Life can be sometimes ridiculous, huh! [Kanye West] I'm so appalled, Spalding balled Balled in and Donald Trump takin dollars from y'all Baby you're fired, your girlfriend hired But if you dont mind, I'ma keep you on call We above the law, we don't give a fuck 'bout y'all I got dogs that'll chew a fuckin hole through the wall But since they all lovers, I need more rubbers And if I don't use rubbers, need more covers Housekeeping, I mean goddamn  One time, let it be a bad bitch sweepin That know we get Os like Cheerios That know because they seen us in the videos That know, the day that you play me'll  be the same day MTV play videos That was a little joke - Voila! Praises due to the Most High - Allah Praises due to the most fly - Prada Baby I'm magic - tah-dah! Address me as your highness. high as United  30,000 feet up and you are not invited Niggas be writin bullshit like they gotta work Niggas goin through real shit, man they out of work That's why another goddamn dance track gotta hurt Thats why I rather spit something that got a pur' [Chorus: Kanye West, CyHi the Prynce] Champagne wishes, thirty white bitches I mean the shit is, fuckin ridiculous... Fuckin ridiculous  I mean the shit is, fuckin ridiculous  Five-star dishes, different exotic fishes  Man this shit is, fuckin ridic-a-lous...  Fuckin ridic-a-lous... [Jay-Z] How should I begin this? I'm just so offended How am I even mentioned by all these fuckin beginners? I'm so appalled, I might buy the mall Just to show niggas how much more I have in store I'm fresher than you all, so I don't have to pause Alla y'all can suck my balls thru my draws Dark Knight feeling: die and be a hero or live long enough to see yourself become a villain I went from the favorite to the most-hated But would you rather be underpaid or over-rated? Moral victories is for minor league coaches and 'Ye already told you +We Major+, you cockroaches! Show me where the boats is, Ferrari Testarossas amd Hammer went broke so you know I'm more focused I lost thirty mil, so I spent another thirty 'cause unlike Hammer, thirty million can't hurt me! Fuckin insane, the fuck am I sayin? Not only am I fly, I'm fuckin not playin/plane/plain All these little bitches too big for they britches Burnin they little bridges, fuckin ridiculous [Pusha T] Success is what you make it, take it how it come A half-a-mil in twenties is like a billion where I'm from An arrogant drug dealer, the legend I become CNN said I'd be dead by 21 Blackjack, I just pulled an ace Since you lookin at the king in his face Everything I dream, motherfuckers, I'm watchin it take shape While to you, I'm just a young rich nigga that lacks faith Range Rove' leather roof, love war, fuck a truce still move a bird like I'm in bed with Mother Goose Them hoes come in a baker's dozen Claimin they was with me when they know they really wasn't I keep the city's best, never said she was the brightest So if you had her too, it don't affect me in the slightest I never met a bitch that didn't need a little guidance So I dismiss her past until she dissappoints your highness I speak the gospel, hostile Tony doin time for what he did to nostrils Paranoid mind, I'm still under the watchful Eye of the law, aspire for more Them kilos came, we gave you Bobby Brown jaw Flaws ain't flaws when it's you that makes the call Flow similar to the lLegends of the Falls Spill it, I own you all, EYUCH~! [CyHi The Prynce] Huh, I am so outrageous I wear my pride on my sleeve like a bracelet If God had a iPod, I'd be on his playlist My phrases amazes the faces in places, the favorite  Huh, my cup overrunneth with hundreds Dummy, damn, it's hard for me to not waste it The new commandment: Thou shall not hate, kid My movement is like the civil rights, I'm Ralph David Abernathy, so call my lady Rosa Parks I am nothing like them niggaz, baby those are marks I met this girl on Valentine's Day, fucked her in May She found out about April, so she chose to +March+ Heh, damn another broken heart I keep bitches by the twos, nigga, Noah's Ark I got a +seven+ on me, I call my 'dro Lamar Plus a Trojan in my pocket, Matt Leinart Hah, G-A-T in the Pathfinder... 'cause you haters got PHDs Y'all just some major haters and some math minors Tiger Woods, don't make me grab iron [RZA] Aiyyo, champagne wishes and thirty white bitches You know the shit is, FUCKIN ridiculous! ...Fuckin ridiculous! You know the shit is, FUCKIN ridiculous Cars for the Mrs. and furs for the mistress you know that shit is fuckin ridiculous ...Fuckin ridiculous! You know the shit is, FUCKIN ridiculous! {*echoes*} ...FUCKIN ridiculous! {*echoes*} ...FUCKIN ridiculous! {*echoes*} ...FUCKIN ridiculous! {*echoes*} [Swizz Beatz - Outro] One hand in the air, if he don't really care Two hands in the air, if he don't really care It's like that sometimes, I mean ridiculous It's like that sometimes, the shit ridiculous One hand in the air, if he don't really care Middle finger in the air, if you don't really care It's like that sometimes, man ridiculous Life can be sometimes ridiculous, huh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Neptunes f/ Jay-Z Album: The Neptunes Present... Clones Song: Frontin' Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com [Pharrell talking] [Verse: Pharrell Williams] Don't wanna sound full of myself or rude But you ain't looking at no other dudes cause you love me (I'm sorry but.. so sexy) So you think about a chance  You find yourself trying to do my dance  Maybe cause you love me (Uh, you do it well) So then we tried - think we should slow down  Because you weren't used to how fast we touched (fast we touched) Then we locked eyes - and I knew I was in there  And I was gon' tear ya ass up (tear ya ass up) [Chorus: Pharrell Williams] I know that I'm carrying on, nevermind if I'm showing off I was just frontin (you know I want ya babe) I'm ready to bet it all, unless you don't care at all But you know I want ya (you should stop frontin babe) [Verse: Pharrell Williams] Trying to be the best girlfriend you could be But still you sneak and look at me, and girl I love it Then you give your other girl a shove Tell her you gon' calm her ass how it was And she's gon love it (whoa-oh whoa, yeah yeah) So then we tried - think we should slow down Because you weren't used to how fast we touched (fast we touched) Then we locked eyes - and I knew I was in there  And I was gon' tear ya ass up (tear ya ass up) [Bridge] [J:] We got another one Pha-real [Pharrell] [P:] Dance, ooooooh ooooh [J:] I call you Pha-real cause you the truth, haha, Young! Great Hov! [P:] Whoa-oh, oh ohhhh [J:] Uh, yeah [P:] Dance, ooooooh ooooh [J:] Lemme talk to em [P:] Whoa-oh, oh ohhhh [J:] I'm a keep it real [Verse: Jay-Z] Everytime your name was brought up  I would act all nonchalant infront of an audience Like if you was just another shorty I put the naughty on But uh, truth be told you do me for a loop, this Hov I'm too old to be frontin when I'm feeling Denzel  And you acting like you ain't appealing when you are Stunting like you ain't my only girl when you are (I was just frontin) I'm ready to stop when you are [Outro: Pharrell Williams] Dance, ooooooh ooooh Whoa-oh, oh ohhhh Dance, ooooooh ooooh Whoa-oh, oh ohhhh [Pharrell talking] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Gunz f/ Jay-Z Album: Tough Luv Song: Never Take Me Alive Typed by: Seillis@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Jay-Z] Ya know what we doin here Young, H-O-V From the number one, R-O-C We got another one [Verse One - Young Neef] Yo its a big payback Revenge at the tip of my lips Grip on my fifth and brought my big K back Y'all don't understand some of the pain I go through Half of y'all can't even dig it Y'all can't even picture A motherfucker killin someone you close to And they say its over someone you close to And they family approach you And you dealin wit his family emotions And these motherfuckers say you ain't focused at the same time But they wasn't on the same vibe I remain calm This aim mine when its game time Though you gone dog you spirit still wit us For the clueless we just clearin the picture And we airin them niggaz Ridin hard 'til we bury them wit'cha Show you how much we care for you niggaz And I'm ready to pop My crew to 'for they let me get popped Rest in piece A-L, O-reddy, and Hop (They'll Neva Take Me Alive!!!) [Both Young Neef and Young Chris] [Hook - Young Neef] Its Young Neef, Y-G From the number one, R-O-C We got another one (They'll Never Take Me Alive!!!) [Young Chris] Its Young Neef, Y-G From the motherfuckin, R-O-C We got another one (They'll Never Take Me Alive!!!) [Young Chris] [Verse Two - Jay-Z] The commission was our vision We ain't it see it come to fruition We ran outta time dam You think I'm just a fan you out your mind That was my motherfuckin man and my partner in crime Big you had the Mafia Me, I got the Property Got a lot of these fake families out here copyin But nigga trust Ima flush all this bullshit All this fake Tupac and fake Suge shit We ain't the first to make hood shit We ain't invent the wheel But we made the Goodrich tire And Now we hood rich And I rhyme like my momma still in the hood shit But my momma got V12 under the hood She got C-L on back of the 6 Now my only job is to help little Chris Get his momma out this bitch Avoid the drama out this bitch (They'll Never Take Me Alive!!!) [Young Chris] [Hook - Jay-Z] Young, H-O-V From the number one, R-O-C We got another one (They'll Never Take Me Alive!!!) [Young Chris] Young, H-O-V From the number one, R-O-C I got another one [Verse Three - Young Chris] Just lost another one We'll always love you dog Just like my mother son My second brother dog They say we go to hell When he die we ain't lose 'em But Hov say "throw it up" so we gotta keep it movin So me I maintain But its stress on my brain But your death ain't in vain Lost my breath when it came and uh They say we joyce in death but the pain Best believe my first boy gon' be blessed wit your name All that's left is your face on the picture On my dresser in the frame And it just ain't the same I'm like Dam man, how my another homey missin Not to mention big homey stressin Where do I go for advice Man its shows every week But its bodies every night Men is cold on these streets and uh Niggaz know the police And the drama its still there And my momma she still there (They'll Never Take Me Alive!!!) [Both Young Chris and Jay-Z] [Hook - Young Chris] Its Young Chris, Y-G From the number one, R-O-C We got another one (They'll Never Take Me Alive!!!) Its Young Chris, Y-G From the motherfuckin, R-O-C We got another one (They'll Never Take Me Alive!!!) [Verse Four - Jay-Z] Now its no turnin back, its like a gat Once you pull it dog you never put it back 'til you clap Tell the hood I'm back this ain't rap This is shit I'm just tellin you on a track, I relax Niggaz fell into the trap You like a puppet wit no strings We hella good at that, in fact Exactly where you at is where we wanted you for months So we could come thru wit Mack and hrrrraatt This is war my niggaz Y'all niggaz is drawn like cartoon figures, its a fact We pour out a little liquor cause we lost a couple niggaz But we bout to get y'all back, we sat We plotted y'all demise Got a box wit yo' size and your name attached How you lu'dat Its only right B-I in L-A God bless your life (They'll Never Take Me Alive!!!) [Both Jay-Z and Young Chris] [Hook - Jay-Z] Young, H-O-V From the number one, R-O-C I got another one (They'll Never Take Me Alive!!!) [Young Chris] Young, H-O-V From the motherfuckin, R-O-C We got another one The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Gunz f/ Jay-Z Album: Can't Stop, Won't Stop (Remix) 12" Song: Can't Stop, Won't Stop (Remix) Typed by: birdroadpimp13@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro - Neef] Yo C, They thought we wasn't gonna come with something for the club, Check it out [Hook - Young Chris] Can't stop, won't stop, Rocafella Records Cause we, we get down baby, we get down baby The girls the girls, they love us Cause we stay fresh to death, we the best nothing less [Verse One - Young Chris] They don't make us so break us when they make up to break up (No) See the Jacob, fix they lil' make up (Uh) That's them Young gunaz Chris and Lil Neefy Wishin they was the one what Chris got Lil Kee Kee (That's right) Home base Sham Coo back there (Uh huh) Keep ya mouth shut, we might do that dere Yep it's only right, that the whole block stares Hop out the Bimp with blue and white Airs When I say move nigga let's go and get left yo Mami feelin my baguettes so my whole neck glow Say I'm young but I can sex though Now could it be I'm the one ladies check fo' Yes hoe, got grown women my momma age, fuck me all kinda ways Suck and swallow everything, way before them rhyming days Naw it ain't bout the age, it's all in da stroke Bitches thought I was a joke, 'til they got my jammies HEY! [Hook - Young Chris] Can't stop, won't stop, Rocafella Records Cause we, we get down baby, we get down baby The girls the girls, they love us Cause we stay fresh to death, we the best nothing less [Jay-Z] Hold up, stop wait, reverse the tape (Beat changes to Clipse - Grindin' beat) [Hook - Young Chris] Can't stop, won't stop, Rocafella Records Cause we, we get down baby, we get down baby The girls the girls, they love us Cause we stay fresh to death, we the best nothing less [Verse Two - Jay-Z] Chris, we ballin' in the drop top, open Sky Somethin' foreign, soarin' One-forty-five To god is callin' for my body let my spirit fly I want it all uh, no lie Picture me ballin' poppin' somethin important Pedal floorin' clutch poppin' boppin' to Lauren Now picture me. [Verse Three - Neef] (Young Chris) Yep it's only right we don't feed em' no cash We ain't flea 'em and pass soon when we see 'em we pass 'em Yep, I know they hate 'cause we seein that cash And seein right pass 'em, and I don't wanna access 'em No, no, don't make me the bad one Then negotiate, when the man wit the badge come You know the rules, when a nigga was yappin Ain't no rappin, when we see 'em we clap em' Plastic bag 'em, then we findin' a ditch (Yeah) Toss the magnum, then we findin' his bitch (Yeah) Then take a step over the shit we left over Now I gotta and tell, my niggaz what happen Niggaz better believe, we the youngest in charge (Yeah) Ain't takin a deal man, I run wit a charge (Yeah) Chris and Neef, we runnin this rap shit State Property poppin anyone of you bastards [Hook - Young Chris] (Repeat 2x) Can't stop, won't stop, Rocafella Records Cause we, we get down baby, we get down baby The girls the girls, they love us Cause we stay fresh to death, we the best nothing less [Verse Four - Young Chris] They see the Young gunna, all the girlie, girlies Wanna see the Young gunna once they see the Rocawear (Wear) Little bit of jewels plus I treat 'em like I care (Care) Safe home base I just treat 'em like a spare (Yeah) You know I stay wit a beautiful little thing And after me, it's Neef abusin that little thing, look (together) You better tuck your girl, if she hot fam' (together) Cause I'm pretty sure, she a rock fan Mami do you want, us or him Ain't no "I" in a team, fuck wit me, fuck wit them Get the ride for my dogs, that's the game baby girl Ain't no shame keep it clean, keep a eye on my dogs (You know) Never brag, never blab what you saw Let them motherfuckers know you just as fast on the draw (Fo' sho') Let 'em know you need some cash for the drawls (Wooo) Keep the shit between us, so they be blast on the saw [Hook - Young Chris] (Repeat 2x) Can't stop, won't stop, Rocafella Records Cause we, we get down baby, we get down baby The girls the girls, they love us Cause we stay fresh to death, we the best nothing less The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Jeezy f/ Jay-Z Album: Let's Get It: Thug Motivation 101 Song: Go Crazy (Remix) Typed by: Craigwarden85@yahoo.com, RedFzn@aol.com [intro] Yeah dope boy, this is the official hustler's anthem You gettin money, throw it in the air [Young Jeezy] Guess who's bizzack (back) Still smell the blow in my clothes Like Krispy Kreme, I was cookin them O's (cookin them O's) Like horse shoes, I was tossin them O's Time to re-up gotta recycle the flow ('cycle the flow) I'm emotional, I hug the block (aye) I'm so emotional (I love my glock) Cash rules everything around me, so what's realer? 'Bout the scrilla, call me a +Ghostface Killah+ (yep) It's kinda hard to be drug-free When Georgia Power won't give a nigga lights free Switch hustle, been killin 'em ever since (since) It pays to tell the truth dawg, it only makes sense [Chorus: Young Jeezy] When they play that new Jeezy all the dope boys go crazy (geah) and watch the dope boys go crazy I pop my collar then I swing my chain You can catch me in the club, pimpin doin my thang (heyy) When they play that new Jeezy all the dope boys go crazy (geah) and watch the dope boys go crazy You pop your collar then you swing your chain For all the gangstas in the street that be doin they thang (heyy) [Young Jeezy] Buy eighteen the hard way (let's get it) Have a humble nigga thinkin about gun play (geah) Now who the fuck wanna play wit guns? A lot of holes, a lot of blood dawg, the shit ain't fun (nope) So I suggest you don't play wit my chains I'll send these hollows at ya, let 'em play wit ya brain (that's right) These streets is watchin, the name is warm The product's white, a star is born (yeahh) Pimpin I'm so fly, if I take this parachute off, I might fall and die (damnn) Wrap the work like spandex wit the latex (geah) Then we ship it out of town, call it safe sex (heyy) [Jay-Z] Uh, more than a hustla I'm the definition of it Master chef, lord of the kitchen cupboard More than a street legend, homey it's Hova More than a relief pitcher, I'm the closer The Mariano of the Mariott, ah If money talks, the whole world's bout to hear me out See I'm a hustler's hope, I'm not his pipe dreams So when they speak of success, I'm what they might mean Attract money my worst color is light green My favorite hue is Jay-Z blue Don't follow me young'n, follow my moves, I'm not a role model A bad influence got the world drinkin gold bottles When Puff was in that tub spillin Mo' I was at my video, Cris' on the speedboat In my lifetime nigga, go through your research St. Thomas my nigga, that was me first Chrome shoe'd the GS, I came feet first In the game like a baby boo on the reach birth I got the keys if you need work I can kingpin you a line, the diamond of time (uhh) My niggaz love it when I talk like this My corporate people start buggin cause I talk like this The corporate thugs is like, "Nah Hov, talk that shit" The dope boys go crazy when they hear that boy Jay-Z See I'ma 80's baby, mastered Reaganomics School of Hard Knocks, everyday is college You ain't did nothin I ain't did, nigga pay homage or pay the doctor, I sprayed Lami's Still, the time'll reveal, you know I'm bein honest Ya ain't put my coat yet and I keep my shit in coat check They say the truth shall come to the light So everybody grab your chains cause your boy that bright The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Jeezy f/ Fat Joe, Jay-Z Album: Let's Get It: Thug Motivation 101 Song: Go Crazy (Remix) Typed by: Craigwarden85@yahoo.com [Young Jeezy] Guess who's bizzack (Back) Still smell the blow in my clothes Like Krispy Kreme, I was cookin them O's (Cookin them O's) Like Horse shoes, I was tossin them O's Time to re-up gotta recycle the flow (Cycle the flow) I'm emotional (I hug the block) Aye, I'm so emotional (I love my glock) Cash rules everything around me, so what's realer? Bout the skrilla, call me a ghostface killa (Yep) It's kinda hard to be drug-free When Georgia Power won't give a nigga lights free Switch hustle, been killin 'em ever since (Since) It pays to tell the truth dawg, it only makes sense When they play a new Jeezy all the dope boys go crazy (Chea!) and watch the dope boys go crazy! I pop my collar then I swing my chain You can catch me in the club, pimpin doin my thang (Aye...) When they play a new Jeezy all the dope boys go crazy and watch the dope boys go crazy! you pop ya collar then you swing ya chain for all the gangstas in the street that be doin they thang, Aye! [Jay-Z] Uh, more than a hustla I'm the definition of it Master chef, Lord of the kitchen cupboard More than a street legend, homey it's hova More than a relief pitcher, I'm the closer The Mariano of the Mariott, ah If money talks, the whole world's bout to hear me out See I'm a hustla's hope, I'm not his pipe dreams So when they speak of success, I'm what they might mean Attract money my worst color is light green My favorite hue is Jay-Z blue Don't follow me youngin, follow my moves, I'm not a role model A bad influence got the world drinkin gold bottles When Puff was in that tuff spillin Mo' I was at my video, Cris' on the speedboat In my lifetime nigga, go through your research Same timers my nigga, that was me first Chrome shoe'd the GS, I came feet first In the game like a baby born reversed, a breech birth I got the keys if you need work I can Kingpin you a line, the diamond of time, uh! My niggaz love it when I talk like this My corporate people start buggin cuz I talk like this The corporate thugs is like, "Nah Hov" Talk that shit The dope boys go crazy when they hear that boy Jay-Z [Fat Joe] Whattup Jeez? Cracks...life, what's the matta wit yo head? Cracks...life, all you niggaz gon end up dead Cracks...life, everybody servin rat til he ride Everybody think they somebody, til somebody end up shot Listen, I'm in that GT, Choppa on the passenger side No skeets skeets, choppa on the passenger side They said Trap or Die but said fuck it Damn near half my life I been a suspect Feds low in them Coupe Devilles So I keep one eye open like Bushwick Bill They said my mind's playin tricks on me (Damn right) So I let off a half a clip on em' Ain't no witnesses tellin the story (Hell naw...) Then my bitch spent all of the bail money (And then what?) I don gave 'em my pimp cup for a gangsta hat Traded my gangsta hat for some gangsta raps Only to find out that no gangsta's rap Half of these niggaz is pussy, ain't never served crack (Crack, crack, crack, crack) It's like a damn nightmare Just when you thought I was gone, I reappear on some chopped up, screwed shit, poppi got his swagga back Hot sick, clue shit, bought a brick of half of rap In that 'cedes when it's said and done Yeah poppi kinda crazy, squeeze the pound for fun (Nigga!) [Young Jeezy] Won't stop til my whole team in thug mansions (Chea) And I say I like Pac, now that's a thug's passion (Ha ha!) And this the realist shit I ever wrote And all eyes on me, like a microscope Young Jeezy give 'em one more chance Tried to shine like you, and spent his whole advance (Aye...) Like my main man Pulla, talk real slick Look I'm ok, but my watch sick Yean gotta like a nigga, just respect my mind and this how I'm eatin now, so respect my grind (Spect my grind) The way I put them words together 'Minds me How I used to put them birds together (Chorus) [Young Jeezy] Buy 18 the hard way (Let's get it!) Have a humble nigga thinkin about gun play (Chea) Now who the fuck wanna play wit guns? Alotta holes, alotta blood dawg, the shit ain't fun (Nope) So I suggest you don't play wit my chains I'll send these hollows atcha, let 'em play wit ya brain (That's right....) These streets is watchin, The name is warm The product's white, A star is born (Yeah...) Pimpin I'm so fly, If I take this parachute off, I might fall and die (Damn...) Wrap the work like spandex wit the latex (Chea) Then we ship it out of town, call it safe sex (Aye....) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Jeezy f/ Andre 3000, Jay-Z Album: TM:103 Hustlerz Ambition Song: I Do Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Young Jeezy] I said I see some ladies in here tonight I might marry Gon of the Bellevee' and 'tron it's too scary Baby you can have whatever you like, the tooth fairy I'll do anything to leave here tonight with you I said I do, I do, I do, I do, I do (You know I do) I said I do I do I do I do I do (You know I do) I said I do I do I do I do I do [Young Jeezy] I said now what it is, what it do, homegirl ain't got a clue If I get you open all the things that I would do to you Smack it up flip it down, weigh it up, break it down Lean you to ya side yeah and ask ya who's ya daddy Ain't even gotta open your eyes, know what your looking at And I ain't even have to open my eyes when I was cooking that Guess it was love at first sight, eye contact Remember the night we first met, I caught a contact Lest she my ride or die, it's us against the world You know we both hustlin' so hustlin' is our world Said I musta had too much to drink I'm in my G-Mode So all the ladies repeat after me cause it's the G-Code Promise if I get locked, you'll come and pay my bond If you hear some niggas plotting on me, you'll remain loyal And errytime you give it to me it's gon be the bomb And in these unlucky streets you're gon' be my lucky charm (Man, that boy so cold, give him a blanket in here) [Jay-Z] I D-O, I D-O, I D-O oh oh oh I be though, promise to treat this game, I D O Under the cold, not bring drama to mama's peephole Life's a bitch but she's the only love that I know - oh oh So la-a-dee, after the "I Do's" lets do Mercedes Lets tie the knot, lets grab us a pot, lets make a baby Looking back, I don't know who threw this bouquet to me But I walk down this aisle faithfully, cut that cake for me I Jay-Z, take this unlawful lady to have and to hold And til the task force grow To hug her every corner til I get ash from the cold Or until I've amassed a fortune, too much cash for me to fold Fold under pressure I would never, ever, ever, ever Your secret's I treasure, for better or worser You'll always be my first love til death do us part Pull a hearse up, my verse up [Andre 3000] Nothings more attractive than a heavy praying woman To a him and those and them been defecating on me (ughh) Her would sense the heaven, and him when Andre omen Baby I'm hell, save me, don't bail Crazy I tell you all of this in the middle of a club Where words tend to get thrown around lightly like like like love And friend and rockstar and so and so's a genius So him vow to never utter him do unless he mean it Her proud like her mother and ooohh momma's sweet So you just know that Juicy fruit ain't gon' fall too far from tree So if we ever woop the woop I want all that bleep to bleep On this nasty carpet Bixby fresh on one knee Say I do I do I do I do I do So we can float up outta here in this hot air balloon Lets put a baby butterfly up in your lil' cocoon And maybe 2030 our baby, she'll be nerdy make the whole club swoon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Jeezy f/ Jay-Z Album: The Recession Song: Put On (Remix) Typed by: junooni_@hotmail.com [Young Jeezy] I put on... The Recession on the way hey but on another note Alot of soundin like Young tell 'em register to quote See I rolled them back to back like I'm registered to smoke Yea I got it on me now but I ain't registered to toke I put on for my city and I bought a blue -ghini Goddamnit just missed me, shoulda saw me shoulda seen me Do me a favor see them haters tell 'em +Picture Me Rollin'+ Same time watch them Feds take a, pic of me rollin' Got a phone call from 'Ye put my -libs on his song So 3 million like us goddamn I put 'em on I put on for my city yeah billboards everywhere See me before your flight land, see me before your bag claim Re-up in my city man you better check your bags man Shouts out to the Eastside yeah they play them bag games Southside boys will fly to your home  Yeah they play them tag games Can't forget that Westside yeah they play them mask games How you forget the Northside, Don't know I stay high as hell 87 stickers too, y'all know I stay fly as hell I put on for my city yeah way before the contracts Trapstar step back might get you a contact Rap star no strap might just get your chain snatched Call young brain stacks might just get your chains back Call my name in the courtroom put me on blast Still shinin' on they ass yeah its Mr. Birthday Bash I put on for my city, on, on for my city I put on for my city, on, on for my city Put on - Eastside Put on - Southside Put on - Westside Put on... Let's go(2x) [Jay-Z] 'Ey Guru, put a lil' T-Pain on my shit too Know what I mean? Uh I put on... (Oh you bout to put on Hov?) G Mix I don't need no T-Pain, I got this one, yes I put Marcy on the map, I put Brooklyn on my back I put Fab back on the charts, I put Biggie in my raps I put Nas with Def Jam, I let Diddy do my tracks I put on for my city that's a motherfucking fact I put Mike Jack on stage at Summer Jam Billie Jean I put Prodigy in his place on that Summer Jam screen I put Preme in my truck told him leave them streets alone I predicted jail would happen shit I tried to put him on All these niggaz taking credit for the work that I put in If you really put me on put yourself on then I put miles on that hoopdie I put hours in that kitchen Put that on my "Dear Mama" this is fact not fiction Feds were tryina build a case I was headed for conviction Til the greatest flow in the world put me on television I put on for my city so when I'm dead gone I got one last wish put my Yankee hat on 