The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Joe Budden Song: Intro * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * included because Joe Budden actually raps on this track [Joe Budden - repeat in background 9X] I'm comin, I'm comin, I'm comin [Joe - talking over background vocals] Okay... the time has finally come beautiful people Jeah... I've been singin this tune for entirely too long now For like, eight or nine years, somethin like that But I'm here, only to present to you your album Featurin myself, Joe Budden, hi haters [Joe Budden] The time is finally near, it's gettin closer I'm finally scared Scratch that the album's out y'all, it's finally here I repeat myself for the haters y'all, I'm finally here Every street corner, jail cell, finally cheer Cause it was y'all that voted me, y'all that noticed me It's y'all that said I should've been signed to Def Poetry It was y'all that said yes y'all can flow a tree Momma raised me proper, the streets just molded me The streets coded me, made me a better pedigree Now things are complicated like Avril Lavigne said it be But I took some time out to get my shit straight And present to you, jump off seventy minute mixtape This here's for real, this here's the official This year it's not a "Best Of," this is the best of How can I say this? It's sorta like - Hov', 'Pac, B.I.G. Blended with Bill Withers and Miles Davis Let's add Al Green, folks I miscalculated Now it's Ludacris time, "Move - get out my way bitch!" A rapper's rapper, the kid can do this To you ignorant muh'fuckers, don't misconstrue this Everything reversed now, I live in _The Matrix_ So how can I stay anonymous, when it's my job to be famous? (Talk to 'em) A lot of y'all can't interpret when I'm speakin that language But some better understand to the rest it's better you can't Now when you speak of the elite, I feel honored if mentioned Because the goal is on top, never honorable mention If Joe's purpose is due, here it is it's no further anew Enough said with no further adieu I'm comin, (geah) I'm comin, I'M COMIN! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Joe Budden Song: #1 Typed by: dfk_v2@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Joey! Let's go back in the days before your present Back when it was a little more pleasent Before I knew this rap shit would ever lure me in Let's go back like Mike Fox in the Delorean Back in the day shit, back to the basics When brass knuckles used to leave a nigga face ticked Its back to the Diadoras and the Asics It's back to the New Editon and The Take 6 I'm Number one, one, one, one Damn it feels good to see hip-hop sayin somethin' Let's go way back if you able to do the math yeah I'm talkin' bout the pool table in the cafe yeah When the strip was introduce to Paruiqo Commodore 64 and Coleco Not back to Cali back to the valley Back to dapadere yall back to Bally's Back before Puma and Stange' Before Zhane and go a little further back to Kwame Damn we came a long way I'm Number one, one, one, one Damn it feels good to see hip-hop ? I remeber break dancin' cardboards and backflips the royal blue and the orange Patricks wudn't like you homo sucka's I had the low top Converse cause I could change my logos color I remember way back when every clan was stylin' Flava Flav clocks and X-Clan medallions In class see a girl you glance at her pass her a note do you like me? Circle a answer I'm Number one, one, one, one Damn it feels good to see hip-hop sayin somethin Winters not the best time warm it up Kane had came through The eight ball jackets and Columbia Rain suits We ain't pay minds to the length of our chains Transformers was a dance Decepticons was a gang yall I'm talkin bout sheep skins Talkin bout wearn two pair of jeans when moms gave me a beatin' after school three o clock we was able to fight park dibs yall two turn tables and mike like I'm Number one, one, one, one Damn it feels good to see hip-hop sayin somethin What about when Public Enemy came out and they dropped a classic or the Pee-Wee Herman and the Roger Rabbit and the nerds took our tests and they passed em for us back to the roof top back to latin quarters the olds school's new school now it's the same ol It's back to Fila's, gazelles and Kango's It's back to 40 ounces back to OE Not back to rope chains but back to Gold teeth I was the class clown just snappin at cats Let's go back to the (?) with the matchin' hats Remember the Real Roxanne remember all (?) Remember Kool Moe Dee remember Lord Finesse I bumped Run-D.M.C. almost every weekend The Bronx and Queensbridge just couldn't stop beefin' Kept it on wax they ain't have to pack heat Back to Ron Zee tapes back to Black Sheep I'm Number one, one, one, one Damn it feels good to see hip-hop sayin somethin Come on say it with me Im talkin' old Bobby Brown before he (?) Whitney I used bring all my touys in the tub with me A snotty nose kid eatin boogers It was Ultimate Warrior and Jimmy Fly Snooka on sometimes I read scriptures like Psalms maybe and I didn't wanna go to church but my moms made me TV made me laugh I remember night rider cause Kit used to save his ass Let's go back to spoonin' back to Black Moon and back to when wrestlin' had it's own cartoon and they used to sleep on us now they demand us Will smith told parents they just can't understand us back to playin the dozens back to humpin' our prettiest girl cousin psyche! I'm buggin. NWA was simply known Let' get back on the block I'm talkin Quincy Jones I gotta Jones yall I'm Number one, one, one, one Damn it feels good to see hip-hop sayin somethin Let's go back before I burned the booth when Tevin Campbell was ill before the whole world learned the truth Hip hop had a message then dudes was droppin I never got what I wanted on back to school shoppin' Think about, used to be about shit That was back when I still got easter outfits We all grew up all older folks Its more than just music its a culture folks We Number one, one, one, one Damn it feels good to see hip-hop sayin somethin Remember sugar water what was the name of the fuckin' drink that they said the fuckin triple K The Klu Klux Klan and shit had put some shit in and The black niggaz were gon' die - huh? Whatever that was, you niggaz knew about it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden	 Album: Joe Budden Song: Pump it Up Typed by: dj_qtee@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Pump p p pump pump p p p pump Pump p p pump pump it up Pump p p pump pump p pump p pump Pump p p pump pump it up (Just Blaze) Pump p p pump pump it up We gon do it like (Uuh, uuh, uuh) Look, pump it up if you came to get it krunk With a dame and shit that's drunk You came to get it on, more than 5 O's in your bank Then get it on, roll up like that stank And get it on, slank that fitted on Came to get it on Hold up she want work that twork that Then again let me hurt that murk that Til you gotta hurt back Can't spit it out, boo you gotta slurp that Can't cuddle after we done, it wasn't worth that Joey I'm responsible for bringin Jersey back (And we bad huh) She at the bar stylin' she throwing it up She drink a little hypno, throwing it up But I'm only dealing with freaks that wanna cut Ma if you agree I want nut Camcorder, get it played late night on BET Uncut (uhh) Fellas - do your thing let me do my thang I mean - do your thing let me do my thang Shorties - move that thing, mami move that thing C'mon - move that thing, mami move that thing Hustlers - do your thing let me do my thang Please tell the DJ - pump p p pump pump it up! (Bridge) I see some haters grilling I see some ladies chilling I see dat girlie I been plottin to get  See can hop in the whip  And we can Pump p p pump pump it up OK we was leaving we was done Then she said can my people's come Here we go I see it don't stop They wanna ride in something were the rims don't stop Look baby you fine, but your girlfriends not And then she wanna hold out getting cute on the phone I ain't gotta be bothered, be cute on your own My jump off doesn't run off at the mouth so much My jump off never ask why I go out so much My jump off never has me going out of my way And she don't want nothing on Valentines Day My jump off don't argue or get rebellious And she don't mind hanging out wit da fellas My jump off's not insecure or jealous (Uuh, uuh, uuh) Y'all dudes keep talking bout your ice and all the shine to it That's alright go cross-world find cubic Ma wanna fall in love like I'm cupid Telling me she don't give brain like I'm stupid You can do anything if you put your mind to it (Get it) Think about it the game is bad playa Ain't it bad playa Don't worry Joey'll change it back playa Might of heard me spittin wit Cain and Fab playa I got the set boards to bring it back playa Bang and clap playa Front man no longer playin the back playa Plain as that playa 808's pumpin bang the track playa Want my 2nd wind change the rap playa Jump off 1 man gang I'm back playa Look, Want you want bump double click pump Ride, ride swamp dump off homie jump off All these haters on my (huh) won't jump off When all the streets need is J J J Jump off J J Jump J J J J J Jump off Uuh, uuh, uuh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Joe Budden Song: Pusha Man Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com Say blood, heh-heh, what's happening? What you mean blood? I got what you need (Pusha man nigga!) Go around this corner with me real quick (ohh!) (Fuck you thought?) Oh shit, watch out for thug (Pusha man) Man you got to be cool blood Gotta feel you right here, niggaz down for whatever [Joe Budden] Everybody's so gangsta gangsta, tell me how you do it Keep the façade that real when you not that real, that's real! The strip is hot so I don't hear my foes beefin That's tellin me that I bought all these burners for no reason Come, get me thug I walk with a mini teeny tiny eeny weeny snub And real niggaz give me love Besides, don't make me feel like you threaten my life God (why?) I go and cop somethin that only come with a Tripod (And the) Old school is puff puff, pass the spark up And white kids got high, off of magic marker Back when 40s was liquor (but now) now shorties is bigger They wanna be down, y'all wannabe clowns, get a grip homes Blastin the tool, you out of character dude You not a felon or rider, you a fellow subscriber Who is you tellin them lies to, don't push it to a limit to mimic you benefiting to what, the gimmicks up, BLAH When shit get thick, clips start to spit (pusha man) Push work wait wet and dipstick (pusha man) You need product, I'ma be there, con of the year Fuck givin my word, I solemnly swear Swear to hold your fort - I solemnly swear Keep a straight face in court - I said I solemnly swear It's pusha man - incognito from the feds in the precinct I solemnly swear to this game I pledge my allegiance [Joe Budden] Uhh.. it's killin me soft, jokers is actin like they really the boss With a Milli Vanilli award cause they really a fraud Milli's applaud if you ain't really my dawg I crack Phillies with broads but now I'm sober they don't feel me no more And G.P.s and V.I.P.s I be O-T in D.C. with O-Zs so my time's up like O.C. Uhh, when I hustle they thought that I went soft Cause y'all jerked them for the price, I took twenty percent off I don't drive I like shotguns, never pulled L's I like shotguns, hate .22's I like shotguns Non-descrip's talkin bout they got guns Like tecs 4-5s and shotguns, really they never shot guns Go 'head act like a gangsta claim to clap like a gangsta It's all good fellas, now he rap like a gangsta Hate me or love me, dap me or slug me Scream FUCK ME but when things get ugly I get gully [Joe Budden] Look, a cock nina should get me a hot beamer Settin up shop in the suburbs, I'm gettin that white cream that Noxema I'm good at duckin the cops subpoena Cats is shook when alone but come tough when the cops are between us Stash house was never empty, had the cracks on UP Soprano came to see me, got barritoned UP Had clientele crazy, every borough I hustled Remember back in the day when you had to be thorough to hustle? Cats hustle to feed they kin Now every combo with a package to try to pitch for some sneakers and Timbs Shit back in the day, niggaz looked at jail like school Now new jacks is spittin bout jail like it's cool (dawg) That ain't gangsta, I don't believe that, you don't believe it yourself Gangsta's real, gangsta speaks for itself A lot of gangstas is lifers and they gone right now So fag cats is screamin gangsta, something's wrong right now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Joe Budden Song: U Ain't Gotta Go Home Typed by: AArsdam@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [DJ Clue] Yeah, the world famous DJ Clue Desert Storm Jump off Joe Buddens, on top This go out to all my niggaz You ain't gotta chain, but you got a mean muthafuckin' wrist game All my ladies, you ain't got a car But you gotta mean muthafuckin' heel game Click them heels You know how we do it C'mon [Joe Budden] Whoa! (Haha) Whoa! Okay Dub Whoa! Have some fun with it [Hook] Mami, I'm there if you fine in the rear We can get into whatever if you don't mind boo be yeah And when I'm done slidin', you somethin' fierce You ain't gotta go home but you gotta get the fuck outta here [Verse 1] I ain't got to tell homeboy, he know that This is 'Matrix Reloaded' and Neo's back I'm up, humble apologies, sorry clowns I'm here for the long run, I ain't Coffee Brown Get to know me, the man, the person So by the time I'm on my fifth album You should understand the first one It's non-fiction, you deny you want proof I only buck in the air when the sky's in the booth You gets liable to shoot This twenty-two release some extra keyholes on the driver's side of your coupe Like, nighty night, here's your lullaby bitches You might need just a lil' more than butterfly stitches Get out of line and get stuck up duke Lose your spines tryin' to touch us jukes Get to the mall in a circle, guns out playin' "duck-duck-goose" This shit is kinda aiight till I fuck in the booth I'm sayin', I'm here, got my nine up in here Thugs wanna rumble, I don't mind, nigga yeah [Bridge] And when I'm done slidin' up somethin' fierce You ain't gotta go home but you gotta get the fuck outta here [Verse 2] Like I don't roll with niggaz that'll lift 'ayn' chrome Take a look at 'em, you can see they just skin and bones Y'all talk about bricks when y'all know who move 'em us real niggaz make withdrawls while y'all go through 'em We carry long guns, we can contra on it We talk about it, we live it, y'all ponder on it Shit, ridiculously priced, us cons afford it I'm talkin' straight cash, you might need a sponsor for it But wait - ever met somebody that wouldn't chill Every second he feel the need to let you know that he's real Every second he wanna talk about his homies that died And the people he killed and in the future all the people he will Talk about who he stabbed and beat up, and he won't cool out Yakety-yakkin', he's reminiscing on different shootouts How he was there, shotties was blastin' Cops came with body bags, and he's talkin', but nobody asked him Naw - he want attention, he want his name yelled Me and him always end up in the same cell I'm pissed on the top bunk, I can't sleep This guy ain't street, go 'head nigga I ain't beef But feel me - stop there, who popped him where Who you backed out on and had the whole block scared [Bridge] Ma when I'm done pokin' you from the rear You ain't gotta go home but you gotta get the fuck outta here [Verse 3] Ma - you real aggressive, catchin' me of balance It's a turn off, don't you know niggaz respect a challenge Move a lil' slow gettin' at me Treat the pussy like it's worth somethin', don't just go throwin' it at me Cuz - while you doin' it at the same time I'm thinkin' how many niggaz hit you wit that same line Or - how many other niggaz you ran game to How many niggaz you fucked or you gave brain to How many other dudes houses you done came to With condoms on you hopin' that he find 'em on you And - I ain't tryin' to catch nothin' from you So I'm caught up in a Catch-22 If I don't fuck her then I'm not like guys she met before So while I'm turnin' her down she's just likin' me more But if I do get to pokin', hit her with long strokin' I now have a girlie on my hands that's open I don't want her callin' me constantly Thinkin' 'cause I fucked her she got a bond with me I don't want her misunderstandin' a one night stand It was just a nut, I'm not your man [Hook] Ma - I'm there, if you fine in the rear We can get into whatever if you don't mind boo be yeah And when I'm done slidin', you somethin' fierce You ain't gotta go home but you gotta get the fuck outta here Ma - I'm there, name a time and where We can get into whatever if you don't mind boo be yeah And when I'm done pokin' you from the rear You ain't gotta go home but you gotta get the fuck outta here [DJ Clue talking till end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Joe Budden Song: Walk With Me Typed by: khosen1@hotmail.com * send corrections to the typist Come and take a walk with me... I need all of y'all to come and take a walk with me... I need for all of y'all to feel what I'm going through And see what I see, if you got time to take a walk with me Wait a minute now... Shit ain't like I thought it would be Come to Jersey from New York with me I know you busy... But take the time out to walk with me Pay attention on this tour with me Maybe I'm seeing something wrong Come along and make sure with me Come and take a short walk with me [Joe Budden - Verse 1] Yo...I'm seeing a couple things wrong with the way that I'm living So come and walk with me I just need a second opinion Introduce you to my friends I got to see if you notice If they loyal or if they all got an alterial motive See some snake niggas, me and them don't deal anymore Ever since I got signed I don't know whats real anymore I'm paranoid so excuse me if I seem to be nervous But everybody from my past now they trying to resurface Trying to rekindle, They don't think I know they gone limo I got cousins I never knew they trying to pass me a demo Maybe I'm wrong, like I told you main I need your opinion Me and him never spoke before so I don't see whats so different Dudes I don't know they recognize me start extending they hand And I'm trippin ready for beef when he was only a fan (why?) Cause these niggas in my hood say they don't like how I'm reppin' Let me know how strongly you feel, will I be needing my weapon As some sort of protection, should I carry a pen and pad And ask everybody in the fucking hood for they suggestion I'm letting the labels know that Jersey City is gifted (dog) When they didn't know that Jersey City existed, but it's cool dog Certain cats in Jersey City so hateful (Hatefulll) And certain cats in Jersey City ain't grateful (Ain't gratefulllll) All they say is I don't chill anymore Ever since I got signed they don't think I'm real anymore I'm told I shouldn't be alone cause I'm a star in my hood Something might happen mouse, they know who you are in the hood, they do So I can't tell you how I feel anymore Ever since I got signed I can't tell what's real anymore, you feelin' me dog [Joe Budden - Verse 2] See to me it's heavy, but to you it may seem petty Let's continue walking, I know you ain't tired already I take you to meet my girl I got to see if you notice If she love me or if the bitch got an alterial motive Why am I hated cause I handle my business Ain't got to look for a girl nowadays cause almost all these niggas is bitches See 'em often while we walking I'll show you the drug dealers and some dudes that hate me word on the streets is they real killers dog Where was the hate back when I wasn't on my feet An alcoholic, school dropout, just a bum on the street Where was the hate during my adolescence Back when that psychiatrist was trying hard to get me on im manic depression so man I don't recall none of this happenin' back then And I don't understand I was still rappin' back then So I got to ride with a gun From trying to get my mom and pop up out of the slums and provide for my son If you met my baby moms would you notice If she was ready for a child of if her ass had an alterial motive I don't know what she's teaching Trey but everday he get older Angie's bitter and feel like now that I'm successful I owe her Cause she would hold me so tight when I was ready to relapse Tell me to relax, I ain't know no better straight out of rehab Bottom line I was lonesome But we was wrong for each other, Angie I grown some Got bigger issues, if you went to Def Jam would you notice If they was out for my best interest or do they just see a dollar in Joseph? (Ugh) Guess I ain't sure how I feel anymore Ever since I got signed I can't tell what's real anymore I mean them same record execs that wanted me in Don't care that I'm the next nigga, they just wanna see spins I swear Guess I ain't sure how I feel anymore Ever since I got signed I can't tell what's real anymore, you feelin' me dog The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Lil' Mo Album: Joe Budden Song: She Wanna Know Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Joe Budden] I'm bout to say some shit to you I might need you to answer back (Top) Bad enough that the mic give me feedback I ain't gotta come home and see that (Top) Let me talk to you for a minute [Lil' Mo] I wanna know.. I, wanna know.. know, know know Know-ow-owwwwwwwww I believe I know You'll be my baby, baby [Joe Budden] + (Lil' Mo) Let me talk to 'em First off, all the questionin, I thought we was above that We got some time and act like you wish to jerk that C'mon don't tell me that we already endin And fuck I need to cheat on you for, I'm already winnin It's like (I wanna know) if I got a exit them tensions Callin her names, tryin to make her feel like less of a woman But nah, picture I shady, WON'T lie and say I DON'T lie Once or twice maybe, forever you my lady MY You gorgeous but, it's more than just your hips that talk It's {??}, but want more It's how we laugh, you know shall we not My better half slash your eyes the vibe we got, it's like (I wanna know) If I'm real in a deal And then, she wanna know if I feel how she feel And real when I'm dealin, please believe boo Won't deceive you - it's not just a want, I need you [Chorus: Lil' Mo] + (Joe Budden) I wanna know if you'll always be my baby (You my girl, my wiz, my life) I need to know he'll always be me baby (You my heart, my all, my wife) I wanna know if you'll always be my baby (You my girl, my wiz, my life) (Bad enough that the mic give me feedback) (I ain't gotta come home and see that) [Joe Budden] + (Lil' Mo) It's like (I wanna know) if I'm at some other broad's Laughin in bed, she got it all mapped in her head Ma, I'm all about, you and me But you sloooooooowly losin me when you keep accusin me I know why you be askin where I came from Nothin wrong with arguin but we havin the same ones Either you gon' ride out or you gon' spoil it Either you gon' take a shit or get up off of the toilet It's like (I wanna know) if I be lyin to her Or if I think these other birds finer than her, so -- So when your man's on the road, he don't see you I don't want the sex to be the only thing that keeps you I give you my all, just holla at me if you want more You tired of hearin 'bout me talkin 'bout a jump off -- You my girl, my wiz, my life Ma we can't go wrong ma, listen to the horns ma [Joe Budden] + (Lil' Mo) It's like (I wanna know) if my career catches fire Out of all the woman in the world, why her? Hold up now you gettin mad at yourself Just take a look in the mirror, be proud of yourself How many times I gotta tell ya, boo you all that I got How many times I gotta tell ya, be secure in your spot I understand so I can't knock it, but I'm your man stop it Checkin my 2-way, and goin through my pants pockets It's no need, you my girl, my wiz, my life Look ma you - my heart, my all, my wife; and you pissed cause you know other chicks would LOVE to smash your man I tell 'em I'm aight, I take pride in that I'm your man (My friends keep tellin me you ain't shit) I done been through this before baby, same shit Long as we know what we got, we can carry on boo We can't go wrong ma, listen to the horns ma [Lil' Mo] My girl, your wiz, your life Your heart, your soul, your wife I will be everything to you, oh baby I wanna know, if you'll always be my baby.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Kiyamma Griffin Album: Joe Budden Song: Survivor Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 1 - Joe Budden by himself 2 - Joe Budden and K.G. together 3 - K.G. singing by himself [Intro: K.G. & Joe Budden sing together] When your mind ain't right, and it's hard to sleep And you try to hide the pain, but your scars are deep Nigga look me in my eyes and tell me what you see, yeah.. When your mind ain't right, and it's hard to sleep And you try to hide the pain, but your scars are deep Nigga look me in my eyes and tell me what you see.. [Verse] 1 - And my heart is like 3 - There's one thing poppa told me 1 - If nothin else in this world, it's how to survive 2 - When I'm against all odds, and when the odds against me 3 - I travel wherever my path may lead 2 - Knowin nobody got my back like me 1 - I'm gonna survive 2 - And if you walk in my shoes 2 - Guarantee you'll be just like me 1 - And my heart is like 3 - And if you leave me alone in the V with the chrome 3 - I won't hurt nothin, but I need to be alone 1 - Nigga.. just me and my Sam Cooke tapes 1 - And my heart is like 3 - And baby if you don't understand 3 - Then I gotta let you go... go... go... 1 - Geah, I'm sorry baby 1 - And my heart is like 2 - I'm talkin all along the way 2 - With all I used to say, I almost couldn't take it 2 - Said I wouldn't make it, to be twenty-one 2 - I'ma stand up on my own two 1 - And my heart is like 3 - I've travelled high and low and 3 - If there's one thing I know I know I know 3 - I know how to survive [Chorus: K.G. & Joe Budden] + (Joe Budden) When your mind ain't right, and it's hard to sleep And you try to hide the pain, but your scars are deep Nigga look me in my eyes and tell me what you see, yeah.. (And my heart is like) When your mind ain't right, and it's hard to sleep And you try to hide the pain, but your scars are deep Nigga look me in my eyes and tell me what you see.. (And my heart is like) [Verse] 3 - Nigga I'm a soldier, ain't nobody gon' hold me down 1 - Hold me down, nah 3 - Now that I'm closer, all the snakes play me closely now 1 - And my soul is like 3 - Homey I'm a soldier, ain't nobody gon' hold me down 1 - And my mind is like 3 - Now that I'm closer, all the snakes play me closely now 1 - And my soul is like 2 - Just livin on the edge homey ain't no joke 2 - And nah baby bro I don't smoke, but go ahead 3 - Playa.. playahhh 1 - You can like that, I'm good 1 - And my soul is like 3 - And baby if you don't understand 3 - Then I gotta let you go... go... go... 1 - I'm sorry baby 2 - I remember when they hated on me but I made it homey yea 2 - I remember when they hated on me, YEAH 2 - Don't smile at me now, YEAHHHH 1 - And my soul is like 2 - If you wasn't there for the bad, nigga don't come when it's good 2 - Naw dawg, it ain't all good 2 - Wonder what made him think it was still all good, YEAHHHH 1 - And my soul is like [Chorus - substitute "and my soul is like" for Joe's solo lines] [Verse] 3 - Nigga I'm a soldier, ain't nobody gon' hold me down 3 - Now that I'm closer, all the snakes play me closely now 1 - And my heart is like 3 - Homey I'm a soldier, ain't nobody gon' hold me down 3 - Now that I'm closer, all the snakes play me closely now 1 - And my heart is like.. I can't think right now 1 - Can't cope, can't drink, can't smoke, uh-uh 1 - And my soul is like.. I can't eat right now 1 - I'm not healthy, I'm askin you God help me like - please 1 - Show me somethin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Busta Rhymes Album: Joe Budden Song: Fire Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Joe Budden] Let me just make this statement Loud and clear - Jersey's here Some dude's got problems wit me Over there - I ain't care Some people see me creep They mack all type - that's alright You know I slurp my drink I'm clipped inside - kids aight (Just Blaze!) [Verse: Joe Budden] Yes y'all it's the one and only (what else?) And I came to have fun, here homie (what else?) And I came wit a ton of money (but!) Don't get it twisted the gun is on me (now) This chick's wit her man frontin on me I'll holla at her when she done wit homie Cause, Jump Off I got a ton of grown freaks One named Tasha, one named Monique One's diva'd out, keep her make-up tight She got her good heels on wit her Jacob ice And ma love to club, so she stay up nice And she give me brains just the way I like! One's real ghetto, don't give a reason She knows I'm not her man, she don't riff bout cheating Joey only go to her crib on weekends Real real late when the kids are sleeping 'Tis the season, no more BS music Watch and learn, see us do this Geeks here's new shit Playboy I keep exclusives to make dudes see less units (c'mon!) [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] Can't stop won't stop  Rock it to the rhythm Cause we - ah get down Cause we - ah get down Cause we - ah get down  Joe Budden, Busta Bus Cause we - ah get down And we seeing that There's some hoes in this house There's some hoes in this house Light that 'dro in tha house Smoke that 'dro in tha house Bring that doe in this house Bring that doe in this house Where dem hoes in this house? Where dem hoes in this house? Where my niggas at? [Verse: Busta Rhymes] Guess who's coming? It be the God of the flows It be the God of the spitting It be the God of the blows You'll be black and blue up your shit  And probably swell up your nose Lotta bitches love when I spit so let me dazzle you hoes Let me prazzle your head, do and skidattle wit Joe And get a stack of that money and get a stack of the 'dro Better back it up money before they crack through the dome I got a pack of them niggas that leave a crack in yo skull HOLD UP!! ... see I ain't finished wit y'all Before I diminish let me handle my business wit y'all Watching you niggas, you shook! all you looking all nervous Maybach infront the club, parked crooked on purpose Now ladies my Mercedes Maybach  Probably hold six in the back and three if ya fat Probably hold more in the back if they sit on the lap I gotta go and move to the party to see where it's at [Bridge: Joe Budden] Let me just make this statement Loud and clear - Jersey's here Some dude's got problems wit me Over there - I ain't care Some people see me creep They mack all type - that's alright You know I slurp my drink I'm clipped inside - kids aight  [Verse: Joe Budden] Yes yes y'all who ain't believe me? Don't be fooled it ain't this easy All y'all so 'n so's shamed, that cheesy You wonder why people don't go and spend they change on a weekly (But) Who's fly in rap? I in fact By myself, no one behind the attack And fuck Sound Scan, I ain't BUYING that Cause y'all sell em to the stores then buy 'em back Now one hot storm, we'll fly and rap If the rest of you provide is wack I see creativity dying fast I'm glad producers charge so high for they tracks (tell em why though) Now they do it all, you just applying the rap Honestly now, it's not the economy's down Now rap dudes suck they own pee hole The wacker the music the bigger the ego Fans left suffering, gasping! And it's embarassing! Jump Off I'm the aspirin I'm still hungry, I'm still fasting Y'all fade out, I'm just getting it cracking [Outro] Whoo! [repeat to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ 112 Album: Joe Budden Song: Ma Ma Ma Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [112] + (Joe) 112! (Jump off!) Aww yeah (Uhh, y'know) [Verse One: Joe Budden] You wanna get right, boo, headlights, blue Don't no other mami give me head like you I get you in the club, sit right in the Rover y Now you ain't gotta pretend like you like the promoter We could lamp in the 5 with my hand on yo' thigh You goin to sleep thinkin that this can't be life Don't mistake my talkin modest Still put you in the wi-ld bedroom with the walk-in closet Bay, riverboats, if you wanna see water Full length minks, get rid of that three-quarter Ex-man never had you feelin that fly Flat screens in the room with the ceiling that high When them other cats call you, you can turn your phone off New school your neck, take that herringbone off Stretch 'Vee playin Manhattan System old school, play 'em and had 'em We makin it happen, oh yeah [Chorus: 112] Turn this off for a minute We can do bigger things if you widdit We can be me and you, I know you feel it You can say, "La la-la la, la la la la" All you want, you can get it You can have all my time, let's spend it The way you do your thing, I can't forget it Got me screamin, "Ma ma-ma ma, ma ma ma ma" [Verse Two: Joe Budden] Look, I need a wife too, feed her ice, blue Got birds on the side, I don't treat 'em like you I don't let 'em play with the wheel and when the check come They already know they gotta pay for they meals Say I'm, comin at you with lines, think they lies Just because I don't match your compatible sign I'ma let the world see, other boos can't relate Let you walk in front, make the other dudes hate When I put it on you, you throw it right back (ha ha) Who else you know gon' poke it like that? And ma I'm gon' show you like that, you be hollerin "La la-la la, la la la la" - oh yeah, look Private party, it's just me, you and the new envy of ours, we won't be sorry Scoop it, we can do the all from Harley(?) Y'all ask me hardly nah, I'm up to par [Verse Three: Joe Budden] Look forget my miss, no let's remind miss And I never let a clown disrespect my miss I need dat in my life, a G might cry But you the only one that ever get to see that side Look, my lady fresh, we ain't gotta rush We can take baby steps, that may be the best Hate to repeat myself, I know I already told you But mom's sayin what's good I'm tryin to know you If you been for lookin for the right one, well here he is Ready to take things a little mo' serious Ain't nervous no more, you heard it all before Are you a Fifth Ave miss, but you workin that velour? Stop, I'm tired of trickin, I'm tired of pigeons Need a house with acres to put my wife and kids in Chefs are good when they gettin right in the kitchen Babygirl that's the life we'd be livin, overstand somethin [Interlude: 112] Baby let me be with you more, hold you more Let me get the chance, I can show you more Let me get to know you more, I'll be screamin out "La la-la la, la la la la" If I could, wife you out, ride this out You're the only one I wouldn't ride without I could show you what this life's about I be screamin out, "Ma ma-ma ma, ma ma ma ma" [Chorus] - repeat 2X w/ Joe Budden ad libs [Joe Budden] This is the type of shit right here, listen You gotta go to the car wash on this one Hehe, you can't ride around dirty and dusty and shit If it just went yesterday, when you wake up Take it to the car wash Don't just get the exterior joint neither We need the-the-the works, the thirty dollar joint And we need to get the little tree to put up in the rearview So it's smellin nice and SEXY like when they get inside Ha ha! Ayy.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Joe Budden Song: Calm Down Typed by: khosen1@hotmail.com [Intro] Calm down... calm down... Baby just calm down... (Calm down...) She use to tell me to... calm down... Moms use to tell me to... calm down... Baby just calm down... She use to tell me to... calm down... Moms use to tell me to... calm down... (She would pray that I would) Baby just calm down... Calm down... [Joe Budden] Look, I was such a lost soul, just wanted to be down with something Look at your son now mommy I amounted to something You couldn't figure out, what I had messed with the streets for Cause you saw my genius without a SAT score I took drugs and laced it with things But you a addict yourself, For you I was people places and things (how the fuck you thought) Angeldust use to have me in the hallways twurked I tried to hide it, but Visine didn't always work I needed someone to blame in my mind I thought if you and dad never used dope I would a came out fine And so I igged you hard when you threw in advice Like what I want to talk to you about you ruined my life You the reason why I ended up a con and I knew it The reason I filled my body with that bomin fluid, mommy You the reason that my life's gone illegal The reason I'm kinda different, don't think like normal people, not calm She use to tell me to... calm down... Moms use to tell me to... calm down... (Use to pray that I would) Baby just calm down... You gotta hold your head up cause we gone make it She use to tell me to... calm down... Moms use to tell me to... calm down... (You got to understand what I was going through) Baby just calm down... Everything's gonna be alright She use to tell me to... calm down... Moms use to tell me to... calm down... (But a nigga wouldn't) Baby just calm down... You gotta hold your head up cause we gone make it y'all [Joe Budden] Listen... ain't shit like seeing your moms crying on the floor Knowing you the reason why she ain't alright no more But so young, I was like whatever You use to chase me through the house with the knife like get your life together Fucking drugs, how could I ever amp on you And what made me think that I could lay my hands on you I'm not surprised that you mad at me Much as you hated my father, your youngest son is just like his daddy Mommy I live life rude, how could you not understand it On the same note I'm just like you I got moms sensitivity, my fathers balls, His humor, his g, yet my heart is yours Fuck school, cause I had my major Come to grips that it ain't so much the drugs, it's the addict behavior (no) Wasn't the dip jar, it's the cut that came with it Wasn't really the smoking, but the rush that came with it (wasn't calm people) She use to tell me to... calm down... Calm down... (but a nigga wouldn't) Baby just calm down... You gotta hold your head up cause we gone make it y'all (do it with me people) Calm down... Calm down... (try to understand it) Baby just calm down... (those kind of things) Everything's gonna be alright Calm down... (just bare with me for a... for a brief moment y'all) Calm down... Baby just calm down... You gotta hold your head up cause we gone make it y'all [Joe Budden] I felt so alone, I had a crew, but so what Then when Angela stabbed me guess who showed up And when people said I‘d always be ill and twisted And when the therapist had told us that the pills would fix it Was sick of being sick, I was finally hurt With all the praying that you did ma, it finally worked God gave you a son back, I won't offend you again Won't let the disease turn me against you again Use to be high as ever, (but I) Joey Jr. got his life together As a result, now we tighter than ever So blessed, so grateful to be seeing tomorrow (see the whole world) That's why I can't take a drink, not if even a swallow I can't picture me twisted, like what I'm a do now Haters I can't stop yet, my mothers to proud Secure now, don't need to be down with nothing Look at your son now mommy, I amounted to something I'm so calm Calm down... Calm down... (but a nigga wouldn't calm down) Baby just calm down... You gotta hold your head up cause we gone make it y'all (hold up) She use to tell me to... calm down... (Use to pray that I would) calm down... (But I couldn't, I couldn't, couldn't do it) Baby just calm down... (Nothing heals like time people) Everything's gonna be alright (Understand that) calm down... Calm down... (Fucking miracle) Baby just calm down... You gotta hold your head up cause we gone make it y'all (They said I wouldn't reach 21 y'all... I'm still standing) Calm down... Thanks ma... Calm down... I couldn't do it without you Calm down... Calm down... You are appreciated Calm down... Fa sho... Calm down... It's a slow process y'all One day at a time though... to get beautiful The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Joe Budden / "Blok Party Vol. 1" (DJ Envy) Song: Focus Typed by: Gemini_2050@hotmail.com [Intro] Salutation, Joe Budden here (WOO!) I be your host tonight for this evening, you know (WOO!!!) Dubb B with the banger, Webb, Nitty, holla (WOO!!!) Shouts is stupid let that bass knock [Verse 1] Still on your block with it (WOO!!!) Street ball and the black top with it Ballin war to the crackpot crackspt with it (WOO!!!) Gat cop with it, white tee black socks fitted Pop the trunk let the bass knock with it (WOO!!!) Like, no team could beat us We pump diesel I ain't talkin 'bout jeans or sneakers Raid, man we gettin it harder All day dog I live in the carter, take your time with it Jump off that nigga Nona seen me with at least two birds like Jack Tripper Jerse, true that I'm a rep, new jag on the set durag on my neck Breathe, and then hide your bait Cause all my heat stay dirty like a project vent Whoa, on the lowdown bring the hook it's about to go down, ladies!!!! If you focused man would you please rock with it if you overstand You know!! Get focused man cause whether hoopty or rover man we doin us (WOO!!!) If you focused man would you please rock with it if you overstand You know!! sing the track now pause, stop playin man bring it back now [Verse 2] Pause, man I tell 'em whatever Say I got a little X they think I know the director Ma, that's just how the game go Never burberry but you could splurge with rainbow Trick, I know how a groupie do Yeah I tell 'em I'm dead broke don't let the jewelry fool you (WOO!!!) Ho! Sing the track now pause, stop playin man bring it back now(WOO!!!) All  this paper is the only reason why shorty wanna call me later No! I won't see ya tomorrow how we goin out to eat I thought you ain't swallow Think cause I rock jeans and sling rocks That I'm a wife beater I don't mean tank top You think I'm a start actin new I got enough beef Not to start slappin you but back to it (WOO!!!) No, funds comin over tonight She fell for the yank unfitted over my eyes Cause Joe, get up in the choch and slide Taxi never rove or a five that's how I do, thugs If you focused man would you please rock with it if you overstand You know!! Get focused man cause whether hoopty or rover man we doin us (WOO!) If you focused man would you please rock with it if you overstand You know!! sing the track now pause, stop playin man bring it back now [Verse 3] Crates, I keep the pump out Park the V jump out when I need to dump out Cain, y'all don't know a thing Jump off make it snow or spring but anyway (WOO!!!) Clubs, if y'all don't yet I skips the pat down, cashier, and coat check (WOO!!!) Sing the track now pause, stop playin man bring it back now (Friday) Fridays I might stay home Might run up in a lounge or I might play on (Saturday) Saturdays P. Caliwood With his thugs in the whip they follow me from the hood (Sunday) Sunday I'm gettin right with a broad That I probably met the night before y'all know my style (WOO!!!) Wait, y'all know that's right Low cut like so what with the throw back nikes (WOO!!!) I'm good with somebody's bill Tell 'em to holla at somebody real ain't nothin change (WOO!!!) Let's, go, sing the track now pause Stop playin man bring the track now (WOO!!!) [Outro] Jump off (WOO!!!) Doug B, Fame (WOO!!!) Devin, on top, (WOO!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Joe Budden Song: Give Me Reason Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Whoahhhhhhhhh, whoa Ladies and gentlemen, you now rockin with the best (Geah) Jersey City, stand up Patterson, stand up Off top.. Just Blaze! [Joe Budden] Hold up nigga, slow up nigga Don't start a war unless your dough's up, nigga Know what nigga? Joe's up nigga Y'all shouldn't cry about it, grow up nigga Guess what y'all? I know magic I could make your pulse dissapear and no hat trick Death threats - it ain't phase me When I bring the T-Mac through the Rucker y'all, it ain't Tracy Sewed up nigga, low cut nigga So keep talin bout your wrists froze up nigga You might see 30 whips roll up nigga We be at the pawn shop givin your Rol' up nigga Just wanted to make that known, you seen _New Jersey Drive_ Round here, leave that Maybach home Before we vick that homes, we be on y'all jerks You'll find out the hard way if your On*Star works, cause [Chorus: repeat 2X] I don't, need a reason to bust my guns So don't, give me reason to bust my guns You might, be the reason I bust my gun (Pa-pow, pa-pow - pa-pow, pa-pow) [Joe Budden] 'Til my day's up nigga, stay up nigga Play Tony Montana, get your face cut nigga That goes out to all of you play thug niggaz How you want it, long nose or the trey snub nigga? Return and die dog, if I start clappin in your crib Nah I ain't tryin to turn the lights off Trapped on the chain, got the jewels and cape Be like Jared, Subways made him lose his weight, but look I'm bout gettin money for all races Only oldie but goodie I know is small faces Wait, make you sure you heard right; woulda been put the hit out But I ain't tryin to get my third strike Lace up nigga, say what nigga? Your Maybelline raps that you make-up nigga Wake up nigga, stakes up nigga For all my locked-down and my cased-up niggaz, cause [Joe Budden] Who's that nigga? New cat nigga Don't disrespect, don't do that nigga Hate to hear the sound of the tool clap nigga Dual strap nigga when I do black niggaz First hand with a three-eighty kickback Brains on your lap dog, babysit that Look, it's my turf, get up off the stoop now I'm Omar Epps, who got the "Juice" now? Street love nigga, G's up nigga You lookin for a loan on your re-up nigga Haters might wanna put hollows in ya When you're young black spendin like a lotto winner y'know I'm grown up now, I'm done with Jake When I say pounds y'all I'm talkin bout London cake I can serve it to you uncut or somethin baked Hope you ready for me folks, cause I'm comin your way, cause [Chorus] - fades out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Joe Budden Song: Stand Up Nucca Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Joe Budden] Uh-huh... I just want everybody to kinda be clear.. Of what's takin place right now... It's not an introduction, it's more like a beginning... It's like the calm before the storm... I guess you can sorta call it, the rebirth... Or the birth period... it's the growth... For all my real niggaz... real people in general... It's never one-dimensional, it goes out to everybody... If you can though... just kinda take some time out... Relate to it For all my mans that died, with grams at they side Plans just to ride, gun jammed when he tried Ballers who never made it out the hood Cats who owed, but never made it out the hood If they offered you pleas and you went to court with it My dawgs doin time cause you got caught with it Or if you need cheddar, blast heat whenever And run from the cops cause you know the streets better Dope niggaz who rich cause they know connects Or dope niggaz who spit but got no connects If you pitch to pay rent, but get no business Life in the state pen but get no visits Fend for yourself cause you ain't got no boys Ride or die, really you ain't got no choice If your alibi's straight when you're wanted on the stand Soldiers that take they football numbers like a man Hustle O-Z cause your product rich there Hood know you snitch but you gotta live there You held your man shot, you don't know where it hit him And you tryin to buy guns, you don't know where to get 'em If you strapped in the streets with your palms all black Young G's that gotta see they moms on crack Pop can't be found, hand me down When you the oldest out of five, hold the family down If you caught a body and your wiz hid you out If you slept in the park when moms kicked you out Or if you gonna die, you gon' leave with a slug Idolized your big bro, but he was a thug If you squeeze your leather first 'cause it never hurt Street cats that never work cause it never worked Or if you got your shit snatched, gripped, clipped the mack Too small for the kickback, but gotta get your shit back Killed niggaz playin, but you was only boxin Accept twenty flat as your only option Calm in the jungle in between the system If you high on parole and gotta clean your system If you told 'em to stop, cause soon you'll lose it Pull up your pants leg, bullet wounds to prove it Or if you grabbed the liquor, swallow it hard If they drive-by on you but you follow the car Full clip cause your foes is lurkin; or the D's at your door with a picture, "Do you know this person?" If you dead broke, but forced into extortin Cause your girl pregnant and she don't want a abortion Got charged before, strap a gun anyway Took the state's lawyer, but you won anyway Stand up cats beat the odds by far Real recognize real, R.R.R. Don't mistake a amped up nucca.. for what? For a stand up nucca.. I won't If you a stand up nucca.. then what? Then stand up nucca.. R.. R.. R.. Basically, that's about it... Hope you people get a better understanding... And roll with me... geah! Let's get into it... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Joe Budden Song: 10 Mins. Typed by: nick@nextekonline.com See what I'ma do is, like... I just kinda wanna be able to, you know... Smoke by myself, Without kinda being bothered by what a motherfucker had to ? Without really havin' to do nothin' So I'ma go buy this pack, of 100's, Take me about 10 minutes to smoke a whole 100 Yeah, I'ma snip one upside down And I'ma take one out and I'ma light it... Just give me 10 minutes I just need 10 minutes alone To not deal with a thing, to not answer my phone Just to ig' my 2 way, ig' the shit in the streets Just let me smoke this one cig in peace Give me 10 minutes Without y'all comin at me with that bull Sometimes that's all it takes to ruin my last pull And right now, that's what got the kid at peace Let me smoke this one cig in peace Look, now 'is a couple dudes that don't wanna see me poppin' They sarcastically ask me 'when your CD's droppin' Gotta keep my game face They don't leave me no options Can't lose my cool I know the streets keep watchin' Dudes wanna see me lose it all But I ain't come this far to fall Let me talk to all of you dudes prayin that I lose it all I ain't come this far to fall And I ain't gotta walk around with my clip and nine A real nigga just open his coat to me and said his is mine He said call him with his problems But he don't know that there's always problems, it only gets worse Like, some dudes get threatened they can't stop me So all they do is threaten to pop me But go and get your weapon and cock, G See it's real here, I dun been up and down the block all week and I'm still here Look, you wanna know where the booze and coke at Gangsta's, gorillas, damoo's and locs at, Where the bricks, where the dick, where the X, where the morphene be, Take the turnpike to 14B But now it's back to this pussy dude threatenin' to hurt me I didn't know all of this came with reppin' Jersey But now it's no secret If the thought of jump off doin it makes you so heated nigga so be it But certain beef will be handeled if you're special Only marble in the crib, is the handle on his special My guns in the hood I can't run from the hood Nigga my sons in the hood That should tell you what's what Soon as I feel good you retards remind me But son, it ain't hard to find me I'm at ringside any time the fights on And I'm in the big black truck with the carolina lights on Or you can hop on the Pulaski Skyway I'm in the strip club almost every Friday Kats is cornballs Y'all dudes is bitches Like I ain't got enough problems with this music business Just give me 10 minutes I just need 10 minutes alone To not deal with a thing, to not answer my phone Just to ig' my 2 way, ig' the shit in the streets Just let me smoke this one cig in peace Give me 10 minutes Without y'all comin at me with that bull Sometimes that's all it takes to ruin my last pull And right now, that's what got the kid at peace Let me smoke this one cig in peace Some days I don't wanna be bothered Some days I just miss my father (damn) Some days I just miss my father Some days I wanna relapse on redline Cuz he'll be gone for 26 months fed time I try to maintain through all this And pray to god pop keep the same clean date and 4 dicks My pockets flat kid You do the math on $5.15 an hour full time after taxes That wasn't good enough to keep my MO Shit that wasn't good enough to complete my demo, for real Some days I don't wanna be seen And some days I don't shower, I don't wanna be clean Look, sometimes the truth could hurt you So I blow my cig smoke right at the Truth commercial Some days I don't wanna be bothered Some days I just miss my father And even if by a miracle he makes it half way out It won't be parole y'all, it be the half way house but NAH That's not the right path for a Budden Cuz we're addicts, addicts can't do half of nothin' Some days I'm reachin for the thing in the dresser Some days I'm not invincible and I feel the pressure Like if everyone's dependin on me, and I just stop ... Then what the fuck happens? I can't take that route and girl out And sometimes I don't wanna hear my girls mouth 'cause My hectic schedule, she ain't considerate So all I hear is the complaints and bickerin Radio's, studio's, photo shoot's She think I'm fuckin every girl that say I'm oh so cute, cute Don't appreciate a man and you lose him Worst thing to do to an innocent man is accuse him And I ain't with beefin' with home's Bran Nubian style, I had to love ma' but leave her alone It ain't workin out, I'll see you aight Just let go and let God see if we reunite Cuz with yo shit added to the dudes that wanna see me fall Nah, fuck it I won't fall Let me talk to all of you dudes prayin that I lose it all I ain't come this far to fall, fall But listen, I'm fucked up now Don't ask why y'all Sometimes the best medicine is just to cry y'all Know what I'm sayin? Excuse my voice fans, that should be a sign that I identify with what I'm sayin Cuz it's these type of thoughts that'll kill ya If you smokin' with me right now, then you a good way from the filter And I won't front like I ain't stressin' Sometimes I need a hug, real shit, pain shit is pain lesson (nigga) Just give me 10 minutes I just need 10 minutes alone To not deal with a thing, to not answer my phone Just to ig' my 2 way, ig' the shit in the streets Just let me smoke this one cig in peace Give me 10 minutes Without y'all comin at me with that bull Sometimes that's all it takes to ruin my last pull And right now, that's what got the kid at peace Let me smoke this one cig in peace Give me 10 minutes I just need 10 minutes alone To not deal with a thing, to not answer my phone Just to ig' my 2 way, ig' the shit in the streets Just let me smoke this one cig in peace Give me 10 minutes By myself, you the boys at home That's all the time I really need to enjoy my bone If you sparked when the song was beginnin at that time Then your stoge should be endin with mine And to you know who... Ma, I never saw me being with you But sometimes y'all dreams come true I'm like your number one fan Damn, I ain't think Joe would see you You's a fantasy I wasn't supposed to meet you, NAH Chances of that were so unlikely And if we did meet, you wasn't supposed to like me But look, I rap now and it just so happens God put me in a spot where that was just so happenin, see She had a man, I had a girl I broke up with mine and around that same time We was hangin out she never laid a hand on me But I could tell from the way she glanced at me Her looks said baby boy somethin hampers me And it would go down but I got my man with me Lord how can it be? You know I never been the dude to come and break up a happy family And these 2 looked so happy on the outside They could've only been happy on the outside We eventually started creepin' But for me it's just sex For her it's cheatin' It went down, one time, two times, once more Talkin real passionate, every time it jumped off I'm in deep y'all she's more than a jump off We both catchin' feelins, both startin to want more But guess what, she can't leave him Maybe it's somethin' I don't know about, maybe she needs him Means I still gotta front like we ain't sleepin' Still gotta shake his hand, I still gotta see him How's he supposed to look, supposed to feel for me He gotta know I'm feelin you, and you feelin me How am I supposed to look at that man with respect With Bleek singin 'Is That Your Chick In My Head' Dru Hill - 'Somebody Sleepin In My Bed' Aaliyah - 'If Your Girl Only Knew' reversed, but look Here's why I'm down and out I'm kinda worried y'all I ain't heard from him much since he found out ??? it wasn't mine y'all, she's still in the brain And I know wherever she's at, she's feelin' the same So 'till my fantasy dame pop up Everytime the cell rings I'm prayin that her name pop up, for real I know y'all, I ain't supposed to wife her But it's God's fault, I wasn't supposed to like her Sometimes I think, why'd I have to meet chick for? And some times dog, be careful what you wish for Some times I don't wanna be bothered Some days I just miss my father He's stuck in the system Treated like a dude that's heartless And they just transfered him, brought him up on new charges Yeah folks i'm back to that So I light another one and smoke back to back for real I'm chain smokin' if you ain't on my page, listen I'm stressed out, hopin' this one'll taste different Dudes hopin' that I lose it all I ain't come this far to fall Let me talk to all of you dudes wishin that I lose it all I ain't come this far to fall Nah, I won't fall Hopin that I lose it all I won't fall, nigga (nah) Hopin that I lose it all I ain't come this far to fall Nah Nah, (aint come this) Some days I don't wanna be bothered Some days I just miss my father (damn) Just give me 10 minutes I just need 10 minutes alone To not deal with a thing, to not answer my phone Just to ig' my 2 way, ig' the shit in the streets Just let me smoke this one cig in peace Give me 10 minutes Without y'all comin at me with that bull Sometimes that's all it takes to ruin my last pull And right now, that's what got the kid at peace Let me smoke this one cig in peace (peace, peace) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Joe Budden Song: Real Life in Rap Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: repeat 2X] I hate y'all duuuuuuudes That get real life and rap confuuuuuuused Don't get it fucked up, and don't get shoooot Tryin to be somethin you're nooooot -- my niggaz want war, whatchu think you good for? [Joe Budden] Yeah you talk like them threats is real A pine box, closed casket and mommy's black dress is real I only spit what I live, and I play my part, feds know You just talkin burners cause your A&R said so Don't play the game like it's just a scrimmage Don't think that what you hearrrin is just a image How your songs though? You never spent a day in the bing Niggaz is movin they mouths but they ain't sayin a thing Half y'all vets is heartless and rep regardless Only time you seen a courtroom was pressin charges How you baggin up white, but won't scrap in a fight Sheeeeit, c'mon mayne, shit ain't addin up right When shit's thick, whatchu gon' do with that pound But real recognize real, you must be new in this town All I'm hearin is another nigga's life over tracks And you lames ain't willin to lose your life over rap [Joe Budden] Tired of hearin 'bout you rap dudes comin with the guns Never caught a body, had the smell comin from the trunk (And umm) I'm tired of hearin 'bout your 4's bust While I was cuffed on a up North bus Y'all fucked on a tour bus All them stories 'bout you gettin money with gangsters (Guess what?) The shit is pretty funny to gangsters I'm tired of hearin 'bout that gat in your boot Cause when it's said and done and you finished that rap in the booth, it's back to the truth And your shit is glass thug (and you) never outside Cause youse a in the lab thug (youse a) pen and pad thug It sounds good, you ain't pushin work in the projects But you spittin 'bout it when you work on your project Clown answer back, y'all never seen the hammers flash Just photo shoots when cameras flash All I'm hearin is another nigga's life over tracks And you lames ain't willin to lose your life over rap [Joe Budden] In direct beef between rappers, they be all thugs See each other in the street and dap, it's all love War stories ain't yours about the pounds your man got Only time you move bricks is when the SoundScan drop You ain't never cooked NOTHIN by that kitchen sink And the only time you been behind bars was fixin a drink You actin a fool, got real life and rap confused With them ten o'clock songs, you just rappin the news But I ain't mad atcha flow, he tryin to stack his dough But everybody's a thug until them ratchets show The same dudes that rap about (they get) stuck for all the 1's And if everybody's a killer, where the fuck is all the punks? I hope you gettin your loot; just remember what you spit in the booth There's other people that's livin proof Y'all cats with all the mouth, just stay in your lane And pray that a real NUCCA don't decide to call you out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Joe Budden Song: Porno Star Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Whatchu think that all of the rumors for? [Joe Budden] Mami - dude you love dick, caress and rub dick Love street niggaz, love a thug dick But you don't look like you gettin enough dick But do you fuck in public and suck dick Are you down with a dick, clown niggaz dicks When they put it in do you drown niggaz dicks Profound a nigga dick, and when you go down I hope you don't kiss all around a nigga dick You gettin lame dick, all the same dick Clowns who can't fuck, new to the game dick Scared of a freak with a hall of fame dick So keep fuckin your ex-man who can't quit You need stronger dick, fuck seven inches Get a longer dick, put it on the dick A champion dick, a heavyweight dick Have you 2-way a nigga every day dick My Cris' and Mo' bitches - that ride it well My strip show bitches - hope you ride it well We can fuck in the house or in the car But tell me can you ride dick like a porno star My gin & juice bitches - that take it well My in school bitches - cause you takin it well We can fuck in the house or in the car But tell me can you take dick like a porno star [Joe Budden] A nigga need pussy, soft and sweet pussy If your shit's tight, then I'll probably eat pussy I'm a picky dude, don't need beat pussy Strictly freak pussy, just to leak pussy I need fine pussy, need dime pussy Need rare pussy that hard to find pussy Got a one-shot, I need all the time pussy Up echelon, top of the line pussy Need tight pussy, get right pussy No sleep, break day, all night pussy Fuck whack pussy, I'm lookin for that pussy Bitch you cheated on me but I'm right back pussy Pop lock pussy, stop drop pussy Let me lay up when the block hot pussy Never before pussy, straight raw pussy Fucked ten times but I want more pussy [Joe Budden] Look I love sex, kind of rough sex Whip cream, honey out, handcuff sex Never without sex, all about sex Hard backshots, pillow in her mouth sex Deep stroke sex, deep throat sex Run around here like you don't need no sex All day sex, it's foreplay sex Your back on the wall in the hallway sex Make me wait sex, third date sex Just finished arguin, havin hate sex Relaxed sex, missionary sex Nails in my back sex, now that's sex No hands sex, advanced sex Why you come to my crib wearin pants sex Unlikely sex, try me sex You gon' fuck around and be wifey sex The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Joe Budden (UK Bonus Track) Song: Gangsta Lean Typed by: kingwillz@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Hook - repeat 2X] WOOAH (WOOAH) Wooah that girl Shhh (Shht shht) I wanna Woouuf you girl Oooh that girl, she's on the scene She be my gangsta She be my Lean Oooh that girl, she's in the crowd I see her looking, she wanna get down [Verse 1] Let's jump off, where there's no sleep for days Regular Joe's on the creep again If you 'bout it then prove that girl Show me you know how to that girl Like who's that girl taking over me, I'm the all as if that don't make her notice me I don't Curr- 'bout her man, I don't Curr- if she faithfull I only came out to see what I can Fanai-go She got boots, Highlights she very use to Lipgloss, Fragrance smelling like Cherry Nu-Gla Everything that she rock she look fine in it When she relaxing, baby is air clining it I got it bad for diva, I holla back But if she holla back, is proud as her Rep Now, can we get it, poppin', Boo Cuz you watching me, but I'm watching you Oooh that girl, she's on the scene She be my gangsta She be my Lean Oooh that girl, she's in the crowd I see her looking, she wanna get down [Verse 2] Now things look a little more lively I'm starting to think she really likes me Her body is starting to hipnotize me I'm 'bout to forget I got a wifey Look how she clings to me, I'm picturing her doing bad things to me Like up all ya is going down Oh, Oh yo she's going down But for real, for real, on the really real You ain't got to go yet, don't be silly could chill Hope later on if she feeling me still, I'm like "What's really good, What's really the deal" If you looking for that perfect man to hold you down ma Then *sip* this nigga, slow it down ma But holla if you need a ride back boo Or just for the record, know that I'm that Nucca [Hook] [Verse 3] Are you the type to give it up when you sleep with the rest Or the type that like this and say it's deeper than sex I know, You got a 2-way I need that contact Let's hit the dace floor I need that contact Ma, I got big plans for us She's a freak, she's skandalous Cuz the blue jeans I see Vicky Inprints We can puff off like Nikki Infrants Cuz I like how you do that, damn Pretty lady gone do that dance I got my fresh Nike's, Full pockets, and a crisp white Tee Understand I'm feeling good 'bout me By now, who's that, my side, all night And no I'm not drunk, but I'm high off life I tried to talk, but she ate me, dude Cuz she big on me, like I'm big on... (Big on...) [Chorus] - repeat to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 2: Can it Get Any Worse? Song: Are You in That Mood Yet? Typed by: callofdutyww2@hotmail.com [Joe Budden] Yo, I don't wanna live no more Sometimes I hear death knockin' at my front door I'm livin everyday like a hustle, another drug to juggle Another day another struggle, yo I know it's fucked up what a lack of cake'll do A few people wanna move in and stay wit you You wish you could help 'em all, but you ain't able to Cause the rent's a lil' late plus the cable's due You and your girlfriend are beefin' in a serious way You used to be faithful (NOW) you at a curious stage (for real) Finally got your mind made on going your separate ways WAIT Nah homeboy, her period's late now THINK Your time's runnin out do it quickly (WHY?!) Cause she starts crying, mood's gettin sticky If I don't want it she'll want nuttin to do wit me JUST GET THE ABORTION AND I'LL GIVE YOU THE 250! But if you say that to her than you wrong You ain't think bout that you was gettin your groove on Can't take care of myself nevermind a new born I guess the pussy got too good for too long Seems like my money goes by too easy Why I hate that my job only pays bi-weekly Hoopty done shitted, you spendin more money tryin to fix it Than when you did tryin to get it (C'MON!) Fridge is empty, but I survive the hunger Who the fuck keeps callin from this private number? There's crime on my mind and my nails are dirty The floors are real cold in the jails of Jersey Depression starts talkin and his voice is raspy CAUSE HE AIN'T SHUT THE FUCK UP IN 3 AND A HALF WEEKS! Look, beard is full, hair is nappy These jeans ain't mine so they way too baggy Priorities fucked shit startin to gas me It's like my lil' man's life slipped right past me (talk to em) Startin to trap me His name's Dwayne SO WHY THE FUCK MY SON KEEP CALLIN' HIM DADDY?! Same shit that I feared after all these years I gotta breathe I can't believe my ears Wipin out my eyes I'm damn near in tears But you can't be mad, you know you ain't been there (nah) Grab his moms I throw her against the door But in the back of your mind you know it ain't her fault (nah) I ain't mad at all, I'm just bothered I get honest for real I ain't been the best father like Toys 'R Us, Chuck E Cheese You know a lil' boy grow up wit these needs New Year's or Christmas, even the birthday At least bring the nigga to his school on the first day (OHHHH) I can't believe it, this the same way that I was treated So maybe it's history repeated I know it sounds sick the idea of havin another kid But this one it really feel like it's his (OHHHH) It's the truth and I hate that fact WAIT, shouldn't of said that I take that back Look, I apologize let's rewind this whole story like NaS C4 just erase that track (C'MON!) I don't care if only the track trust me FUCK! what niggaz say only God can judge me FUCK! what niggaz heard or think or even thought Tried to fix my shortcomings I just came up short Ya heard? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 2 Song: Old School Mouse Typed by: kelpiboi38@yahoo.com You now listenin to a different type of boss Abstract, they cut him from a different type of clothe Jers say that mouths want a different type of soft Only started when I was lookin at different type of lofts Told em, I'm a don, show me somethin with a pool next I need four bathrooms, it ain't gotta be a duplex White tee, boots yes, see 'em in a suit next Or somethin European shirt lookin like a two X Runnin for the ball like I'm Plaxico Burress Or in Cancun breakin a back on a brunette Gimmicks down pat like they rehearse that much I don't response to a sublime, it ain't hurt that much Yea I scream out Jers that much Cause these other dudes fightin for New York like it's worth that much And these sitcom niggaz caress and hold bitches To them they 'golden girls', to me, they old bitches Chicks lookin at G-Ucons lookin to cheat you Owe a nigga money, you know he lookin to see you! Niggaz lookin to beat you Fiend treat the hood like its Saw part two, cause they just lookin for needles I wake up grateful that I'm breathin first Cause dudes'll kill you, they don't need a reason first! These niggaz'll still hit em They know the hood is too poor to hire CSI, and Gil Grissom Nowadays, gotta keep a blue steel wit em I know about snakes, cause I used to deal wit em Used to give my heart, used to rob, steal, wit em Let 'em meet mom, share my last meal wit em To rap now, you ain't gotta have skill wit em Just appeal...witta lil bit a' rhythm A dude has that and ready to attack y'all You gotta kiss ass or else you get blackballed If you don't like niggaz, still give 'em dap y'all I swear to God this hip hop shit is a trap y'all I don't even remember how I used to act y'all Something wrong wit the math, I know I can add y'all I came out screamin Desert Storm everyday And soon as I stop, he don't wanna play Stacks sayin what you did for Clue, shit I just laced it I didn't even know that dude was doin his tape, shiiiitt He don't want the fame no more, its fuckin wit me Don't hear Reasonable Doubt the same more I can't listen to Blueprint (Naaw!) Got a resentment toward Hov, tryin to hate on em, throwin in my two cent They say don't bite the hand that feeds you Even if I wanted to, I can't, no teeth to Don't get me wrong, I still got love for Clue and Hov But they both rich, so what that gotta do wit Joe?! I gotta bring home food for Joe...Trey that is... Like, fuck why I say that shit?! See, girl why you take that shit, but it's just how I feel, so naw, don't erase that shit Child supports a bitch, but I take care of mine But the Lord just say I ain't there for mine And the judge I look at (what about?) Don't wanna hear, nor do he understand that things got pushed back I'm sittin here with all this anger, stop me He's like what about this thing called a Gangsta Party? Must think I live life like it's a Gangsta Party! I'm 10 seconds away from a gangsta robbery, nigga!! No four leaf clover, I can't luck up Feel like removin the seeds and gettin fucked up Feelin quick temper, somebody bound to get fucked up I feel like everyone around me's a fuck up Ratchet on me, I'm screamin out What What Bout to live life like my last buck's up I ain't got time to run around stuck up Not when I just seen a group of niggaz gettin stuck up So you damn right, I'm on my grind Look like some shit is on my mind niggaz Need to talk, but nobody to turn to So I go to horoscopes in the Jersey Journal It's always somethin bad, I don't know why I read it Then I play it off, its fake, I don't believe it! Smoking like two packs a day Still got about five cartridges stashed away And that's just were I'm at today I'll be in a better place if I just pass away (Sike!) Just hop in the casket and lay That's old school mouse, move on, put the past away The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 2: Can it Get Any Worse? Song: Six Minutes of Death Typed by: jerseyshotboy@yahoo.com Its your motherfuckin boy Yeah Jump Off Joe Budden here Clinton Sparks We gonna get familiar with it We gonna get familiar together matter fact Boston stand up Jerz stand up Sparks, solid its your boy It'ssssss... It'ssssss... THAT ON TOP MUSIC [Chorus: repeat 4X] Whatever it takes To find a way To find a way To find a way I'ma do aight I'm dealin with some shit homie Its in the back of my head And its some shit homie But I just rap it instead See I got Wolverine claws in me But the whole worlds throwin stones at me Like they all got a bone with me Got a childs mother And I hate her to death But that's my childs mother So that's my major till death Its wild how I love her For putting little me here And me and here could be forever she gon still be there but there some other niggaz I just take care of the room But they some other niggaz Now lets get back to the song I got a drug problem That I ain't attended to Because I got enough problems And my solution is to stuff problems But if something goes wrong with that Then its back to PCP And so long with raps See I'm depressed lately But nobody understands that I'm depressed lately I'm sorta feelin represed lately And youll be hearin and seein me less lately Like has anyone noticed the regress lately Look deep nigga Don't I seem stressed lately Seem disturbed Alotta regrets lately Got a company That I'm signed to But they ain't in my company When all I need is some company When I start feelin like everybodies done with me I'm tryin to see what everybody want fwith me Then the mistress Yeah the girl from *10 minutes its her Now I'm needed ten minutes for her I can't get into it But I want y'all to know That ill get into But ill save that for *The Growth And this rap beef But I'm so secure with me Its only rap beef I don't need security Wanna get at me Wanna go to war with me That's just one phone call from me Check this shit I got a whole hood That don't appreciate me It's not the whole hood That depreciates me What you gonna tell me When it's the streets that made me And I won't let the belly of the beast degrade me And then theres rap critics They say all I make is dance music But to almost anything You can dance stupid They ain't like the single But they ain't cop the album Wouldn't give a chance to it Not a second glance to it They say he whines too much Hes too bitter They call it complaining I call it explaining I know normal niggaz get caught up in the game and Lose they mind and y'all call it entertainment Its some shit with me And dudes been knew that But I'm gambling a lot and I ain't used to do that And then rap ain't payin the bills Its more money more problems Or its no money more problems Its all enormous when you playin these games That's how it feel to have a warrant on a famous face Then the albums pushed back because they say he need a single at the moment When what he need is a single moment Then I'm involved in the he say she say And that's on my mind on replay each day Then theres the bullshit that she say that hes gay But she wouldn't like to think that I ain't like her Just because she was throwin it at me and I ain't touch her Shell say anything sides from I ain't wanna fuck her I don't feel good So I don't wanna go to a club dont wanna go to a lounge just wanna lounge in the same sweats that I had on for days same tee I had on for a week what I got on it speaks what I got on it reeks no shape up cause but that's just how I'm feelin and one day at a time its God willin im tryin to see straight but the fog keeps building pulse start racing the bulls startin to hate me but I gotta be a king cause its wolves tryin to play me hoodie when its hot like its freezing winter rest, starve, eat and sleep for dinner and its hard trying keep this in ya So I write it all down So one day maybe When life is all sweet ill remember Then its probation I know we all go through it We call it pro-bation But there's no pros to it And my souls aching Only a few peers know Funny thing about the case is it's a few years old I had some shit going on with my dick It felt good but its bad So I'm sitting here like what the bitch had It's not Graph, Its real Look scrappy its true Dog whats poppin Do he look happy to you Now if it goes to the wire Got the soul of a fighter Bruised up and sloppy I damage like Ali Up late talking to the fans on the website That's the only thing that send your man of to bed right FUCK THE WORLD FUCK MY MOMS AND MY GIRL Well maybe not moms Just let me remain calm This too won't last This too shall pass At least that's what I say dog That's what I pray for And I'm the only thing that's standing in my way yall But I gotta be wit me There's no escape yall I guess depression just stepped in and took over shit like its known to do I guess its that Hey Joe I'm going home with you Turn your phone off I need to be alone with you I need to be in the zone with you Cause I'm the only thing you grown to nigga Look I own you nigga Been with me since ten But you startin to confuse me Cause Its been so long You still trying to lose me Like bitch how could you show me such cruelty When everybody turns there back on you Joe it's just you and me You don't want me to see you right And why you always come see me how we reunite Tell me I know you feel for me deep in your heart Doctors, meetings, pills couldn't keep us apart Now you got a deal And you wanna get rid of me But we roommates I'm in your head Joe You live with me So I don't write for the fans Nah  I write to my man And hope hell just leave and understand Like Like please leave the kid in peace Let me smoke this one cig in peace Just leave me for a second man Its been too long and I can't coupe it And as long as you around I can't make that dance music The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 2 Song: So Serious Typed by: kelpiboi38@yahoo.com You niggaz couldn't fuck the broads I choose Couldn't push the rides that I cruise, niggaz couldn't tie my shoes I've been all around the world You niggaz ain't men, y'all are girls, niggaz couldn't bench what I curl Shouldn't be a question about your favorite rapper And my label got me questioning my favorite rapper So I, broke hard, one man gang, no squad No Cialis needed to go hard, listen It's not rappin, I'm spittin bout everythin that happened In a few bars, twenty five years get packed in No regrets til my days up Can't be Pat Ewing lookin back on that lay-up When you hood like me, you pull up in that Taurus Still turnin down pussy, you get too many offers My guards up, too many crossed us Nowadays, not enough chiefs and it's too many bosses I'm forreal wit it Everybody can't be a boss man Everybody can't have weight Somebody gotta have bags Everybody can't have a brick, somebody gotta have an O around here somewhere! Man lets just be forreal about it As if y'all needed to be reminded I don't look for trouble, I just help a nigga find it A & R feel like everybody the one I walk around feelin like everybody my son, one Shorty feelin the God, I can't blame her And kicked down the door and came through like Kramer (word) Now find a nigga better than that I walked out the movie "Source" and started settin my trap And I don't yap about how I move wit all the guns Like a hustlers dance, can't do that where I'm from, son Talk to me, if it's about a buck, heavy cream On my Eric Bana shit, fuck everythin! They thought I would go astray, but I won't David Banner may have time to play, but I don't Cause I spit the cane wit ease And I can't just freeze not until this whole game's febreezed Muffuckas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 2: Can it Get Any Worse? Song: Get it Poppin' Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com (ALRIGHT!) (I'm showin my flying monkey) (OH NO! NOT THE FLYING MONKEY!) (Yes, yes the flying monkey) [DJ On Point] This shit right here is called Get It Poppin' Shout out to Soul Diggers on the beat [Intro - Joe Budden] C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon (*2 gunshots*) C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon (*2 gunshots*) C'mon, c'mon niggaz, c'mon, c'mon (*2 gunshots*) (DJ ON POINT) C'mon, now look, now look (*gunshot*) (Is this what you want?) [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Nobody likes me, everybody hates me Play that jump off, all of Jers' gon' go crazy (yeah) Model chicks buggin, talkin 'bout havin his babies You just "Think She Likes You", you doin it like JD Pull up at the dice game, wrists on AC (so) For my own safety, I'm keepin it off safety (okay) Feds wanna indict him, blue suits wanna chase me (what?) My money too long for you fuckers to come and cage me Don't wile out with glocks no more (naw) If I'm "Window Shoppin," I'm probably 'bout to rob that store Dog, license suspended, stash, stay with a nina While I'm the highway, drag racin the Medina (c'mon) Naw they can't be 'em, Joey they can't see 'em No prison could hold 'em, Bruce Bowen can't D 'em (oh) Don't handcuff a ho, don't wife 'em and don't feed 'em Somebody should have told her, it's a privilege just to meet 'em (c'mon) [Chorus - Joe Budden] Lets get it poppin niggaz, lets get it poppin (*2 gunshots*) Lets get it poppin my nigga, lets get it poppin (*2 gunshots*) You know that sound, whenever they got it poppin It's, (*2 gunshots*), What it do (*gunshot*), how it go (*gunshot*) Lets get it poppin niggaz, lets get it poppin (*BOOM, BOOM*) Lets get it poppin my nigga, lets get it poppin (*BOOM, BOOM*) You know that sound, whenever they got it poppin It's, (*BOOM*), What it do (*BOOM*), how it go (*BOOM*) [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] Look at here Let me tell you why I'm that hype (why?) As soon as I started ghostwritin everybody started gettin signed overnight (yeah) I need green for everything now The murder rate's goin up cause they puttin Beans on everythin now I had this Bugaboo bitch, keep wantin me to romance her (HO!) Always poppin up, I called her George Costanza (HO!) Spent some time with her, realized I couldn't stand her (So) So I logged her in my phone as "You A Fool If You Answer" (c'mon) Drama's not a thing, my ratchet'll never leave me Fitted on tilt, I'm bitin off that obe-sity (yessir) Feel like Bruce Lee-roy, if niggaz is so tough I put they face underwater and make 'em say "sho nuff" (sho nuff, c'mon) You know how the game go, every club, same hoes I ain't with the rumors tell the bullshit damaiano But call me if you lookin for that cocaine flow (why?) Then I'll spit that propane and watch the whole thing blow (LETS GO!) Lets go (Is this what you want?) [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] Look, look I told 'em not to fuck with the kid I take your wig off or maybe you can save it, like Busta hair did Drop my V at the garage, let 'em custom my whip I'm not spoiled, its just I've grown accustomed to shit (OH!) I mean nobody likes me, everybody hates me Keep that shit comin, watch how stronger it makes me (uh huh) Burner near by when I'm ridin in that Mercedes Case one of these snakes get they courage up to face me Lets go [Outro - DJ On Point - talking] Shout out the whole BSC My nigga Slum Bugz DJ Sunkist Drew Cartier The Don, Dre Bless DJ BabeyDrew, My nigga Freeze, what up? Shout out to mixunit.com Can't forget Young B 'Toya, MK, Nate, I see y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 2 - Can it Get Any Worse? Song: The Future Typed by: addicted2thagame@yahoo.com [Joe Budden] How y'all feelin out there? maybe y'all ain't hear me... I said how is everybody feelin out there!?!? y'all aight? I'm feelin... Dub B is sooo soulfulllllll nah mean.. this is what you call mood muzik right here.. I'm feelin.... (oh.....) incredible (unhhhh) C'MONNNN [Chorus: sample voice] whoaaaaa..... that's what the future holds in meee.. don't you wanna seeeee [Joe Budden] I feel like I'm ahead of my time, like I'm ahead lets rewind I feel like I've never felt feel like I'm ahead of my prime I feel like my feelings feel like they maybe feel intertwined 'tween incognito and shine I'm being caught in the lime feel like I'm stuck in a fight when the future ain't feelin bright I put the pencil down, feeling unwanted, and go on strike but then I'm struck by the light that ain't how you properly strike but the ball be over the plate and they still don't call it a strike I mean I honestly try, I feel like I try in vain start doin a lil different shit always just stay the same theres a good in every bad when theres loss I know theres gain I appreciate the love but I'm living with all the pain I hate when the sun is out, but love whenever it rains and God be sending me signs like my future is preordained my timing keep gettin fucked, the wires still havent came and all I do is object but my shit ain't never sustained wonder if I keep on trying then will I finally attain wonder if I'll ever feel like I got nobody to blame, MAYNE! How's everybody doin out there? y'all good?.. I'm great [Joe Budden] I told mommy when I was five that I would strive to be a lawyer or a doctor took the opt. to hangin out with the mobsters now he's a hip hop'sta, no more general Tso's orderin shrimp and lobster mommy look at how I prospered look at what I've become but still I feel like a bum emotional strain can't be replaced by any son emotionally drained, insides prolly look like a slum just give me a bag of weed, just give me a shot of rum no better yet give me none, no mommy I won't succumb not that- almost forgot I stopped that when I was young some people do it for pleasure some people do it for fun but I remember it well, that dust used to have 'em strung I wonder what I've become but why am I overlooked I want 'em to understand but still I'm misunderstood I keep on taking suggestions I'm wondering if I should I know you see the potential, I know you see that I could bumpin Ludacris, 'Child Of The Night' was well put why is everything so BAD for me FEEL so GOOOOODDDD I hope everybody still aight.. [Joe Budden] I know niggaz that never made it everybody would sweat him he jumped out the whole park, NBA never met him what good is being open if the guards never fed him he'd have been the illest nigga but niggaz just never let him maybe Trey'll grow up and be somewhat of a star wearing all the latest things and pushin the latest cars maybe he'll hold me down same way I do for my father or really resent me feel like why should he even bother maybe me and his momma will finally jjust get along maybe not- but the idea sounds good in a song maybe one day the world'll see how great he performs long journey to walk on my feet to take the corns open my mind, say you was right and I was wrong nah that's wrong one day I'll rightfully right my wrongs and start over anew like that one night I was born show a girl I really care, one day that pride'll be gone See he overcame alot, he just the same as his pops So one day he'll be alright when that rain finally stops, C'MON!! how's everybody feelin out there? huh? aaaoooowwww huh? are you in that mood yet? maybe y'all ain't hear me are you in that mood yet???!! owww I know I am talk to 'em aaooowww let my beat ride out C4 aoowww The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 2: Can it Get Any Worse? Song: If I Die Tomorrow Typed By: big_reese1@yahoo.com [Joe] Y'all in that mood yet?! (in that mood yet) Y'all in that mood yet?!?! (in that mood yet) If I died tomorrow See if I died tomorrow Yo, yo yo yo yo I woke up around nine, day felt like no other Kissed wifey on the forehead, told her that I love her Thinking as I look for where my car keys at I know it ain't promised I'll be back See if I died tomorrow Whether from a disease or from a bullet I wouldn't be mad, I lived my life to the fullest I drove cars that I never thought I would I fucked broads never thought I could See if I died tomorrow I'd be in heaven with the folk that raised me Grandma, Jimmy, Great Grandma Daisy 'Least I'd be around some people that's just like me 'Least I'd be around my Uncle Mikey If I died tomorrow I know moms would probably be hysterical For 25 years she seen me be a miracle Seen me come a long way just by being lyrical Naw I ain't act religious but God know me to be spiritual If I died tomorrow, wouldn't feel like it's wrong I ain't expect to be here this long They told me before I get 21 that they would have my grave handy Two years later, nominated for a Grammy Vibe Awards, Kev said I probably shouldn't go with him He ain't think I wouldn't make it good at the podium Fans wanting the best for me I couldn't be there as I won but ?? all my Jersey heads rep for me If I died tomorrow then what would it mean Already feel like I'm livin my dream Came across some pretty interesting folk I met some new people Ain't move alot of units, but touched a few people So I might get frustrated fuckin wit the hood son But everyday above ground is a good one Walk out the door and leave it in God's hands If I go it's just part of God's plan If I died tomorrow Will life carry out the same Well at least my little man can carry out the name And look, I can say I lived my life without stress If I died tomorrow, I'm fine I been blessed, Yes! I made some money, and true I could've had more But he's happy and what more could he ask for If it was no diamonds and no begets I still would have no worries, I got no regrets I made my mom proud, and pop feels the same way But he's a man so he probably got too much pride to say Can't count my blessings on one hand, more than a handful And God ain't send nothin my way I couldn't handle [Hook] If I know I was called to go I know one thing that's for sure I'll be alllriiight.. cuz it was my time And if its one thing that I know I don't regret one choice I chose I'm livin my life If I was gonna die tomorrow [Joe] Yo if I died tomorrow Throw a little liquor in the sky I'm good here don't ask God why, don't cry I did everything I wanted, left nothin unturned Roll sumtin, light it, let it burn If I died tomorrow... Naw I don't wanna die tomorrow.. said I DON'T WANNA DIE TOMORROW Well just in case, remember my ways, remember my face For all that remember my place I love me Best thing about dying tomorrow I won't see anybody I love leave So if the Lord take me, don't re-incarnate me I don't wanna come back, and please DON'T MAKE ME Don't cry, just wave goodbye Let all my songs rock, smile at me in the sky Don't pour liquor, I'll save niggaz some Hennessey Just play a spades game, slame a card in my memory I speak my mind I roll a blunt with God, know he smoke sumtin better than any weed you can find So pass that Jesus You gotta get high to think of all these diseases that put us right where he is Damn I'ma miss my mans, miss my chick, miss my fam Miss my fans The world is like jail, this is like Debang So now take it all back, I won't miss a thing I'm feelin pretty wise And death I can take off this disguise When it come just let it be a surprise I'd rather it quickly I may not be remembered as the best, that's cool, long as y'all don't forget me Now who the fuck you think is living to this day I try to tell my young niggaz crime don't pay So I hope Ma Dukes can understand where I was And hope Trey can be a better man than I was I don't wanna live to be 80 Life's a cycle The older you get, more you live like a baby You could barely move, folk gotta be there for you Diapers on, niggaz gotta take care of you Learn shit all over again Skin wrinkled, ya memory gone, and you a memory gone 'Least in '03 I made a few folk dance I wanna thank Def Jam cuz they gave me a chance Wanna thank my street niggaz The show me the streets niggaz When it's your turn I'm at the pearly gates to greet niggaz When it was beef niggaz Snatch the heat niggaz Said 'Mouse you a star give that back to me' niggaz My nigga Big Perm, fuck being a hype man Since Lincoln High School my nigga been my right hand Dude MK already know that I love him You like a third brother, you past being a cousin The mother of my baby for giving me my baby Naw, I won't trash you, you been aight lately Heights, Still, and Du, can't forget Dub B Held me down when I ain't know how to love me I mean back in the days I felt so ugly I can't say why, bitches always dug me A lightskinned nigga, always kept a fresh line My feelings like wine, just got better with time So if I die tomorrow, and y'all choose to ignore him Just say he repped Jers' like nobody before him Look, I can say I lived my life without stress If I died tomorrow, I'm fine, I been blessed, Yes! If I died tomorrow, I'm fine, I been blessed, Yes! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 2: Can it Get Any Worse? Song: Young Niggaz Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [*Joe Budden ad libs*] [DJ On Point - talking over Joe Budden] This shit right here in called Young Niggaz Shout out to my nigga Ron Browz on the beat Whole Monie Ave, I see you (DJ ON POINT) [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Yo, my struggle's a little different Y'all niggaz was selling, I was sniffin Psyche, rewind it, I'm just kiddin (OH!) I was hangin with old cats, tryna put my bid in Same safe you was stackin in, I was tryna get in Y'all was fuckin with pigeons (naw) I was on Malcolm X, lookin for a jar for my cig to get dipped in (OH!) Was still spittin, before the video vixens Around the time Ewing had got dunked on by Pippen Niggaz was still pitchin I was stealin money from my moms anytime she left her purse in the kitchen (that was fucked up) Guzzlin a fifth and I was high as a fuck, OD'n on Visine, so my eyes wouldn't glisten (OH!) Moms still bitchin She thought I knew better, but I didn't She tried to talk to 'em, wouldn't listen (listen, wouldn't listen) It's almost like somethin inside of me kept itchin I thought the streets loved me, naw who was I kiddin? (kiddin) God lookin like the devil (oh) Sendin me to the pawn shop anytime I found shit that looked like metal I dropped outta school, naw not to be cool I was sittin there bored, thought all y'all was fools Fuck I wanna read up on "Romeo & Juliet" Way back, I ain't even have my first toolie yet Angie ain't even make that knife go through me yet (talk to 'em) Matter fact, I ain't even smoke my first bollie yet Tried to have it wrapped, but things wasn't a doobie yet What was comin for me, but naw it ain't subdue me yet [Chorus - Joe Budden] Young niggaz, know I used to be a young nigga I used to pop off to prove I ain't the one nigga B and E's, stick ups and dirty guns niggaz This before I finally had my little young nigga Young niggaz, God keep me from these young niggaz Not the smart ones Lord, just the dumb niggaz Might have me thinkin I'm still one of them niggaz Shit changed from when I used to be a young nigga [You know why his name is On Point, cause he On Point pussy] [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] Yo, aiyyo My first time locked up, I was a child Met up with mad niggaz I ain't seen in a while (yeah) And it wasn't bad bein locked in with them (but) But couldn't fathom lockin in at 10 Like fuck readin a book, sat on my bunk, mad time to get my thoughts straight One month, one shower, still without a court date Just bags of nicotine, rollin paper Did pull ups, push ups, how the fuck'd I get here? War stories, you hear a lot of shit here Great place to visit, but naw don't wanna live here (live here ...) Naw gotta get my mind in a new place Grimey ass niggaz stealin my socks and toothpaste Can't ever remember feelin such neglect But snakes get snaked (dog), what the fuck'd I expect? (expect) I thought if anything I had earned niggaz respect But niggaz hung up soon as they heard "Collect" Had my mag with the tits out O.G.s' said to me the streets don't love you, they'll be there when you get out Bunch of the same people, stealin the same space A few of 'em'll die, a few will take your place I prayed to God that I never catch another case Cause CO's just treat us like we rats in a maze You wonder why Joey always hype and smilin (why?) I was this close to Rikers Island Was bein on Rikers, wilin (wilin) I've been through way worse shit than havin a few gripes about my album (c'mon) [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [DJ On Point - talking over Chorus] Shout out to mixtapekings.com Can't forget my nigga Moozoo, Victory Square [Outro - Joe Budden - talking] (*echo*) For real God keep me from these little young niggaz man Cause I'll fuck around and get a bid Make me somethin stupid and shit Made me resort to bein .. Bein the old me and shit I worked hard to get money I ain't tryna go back I ain't tryna go back to the hood, keep my eyes lit up Keep me from these niggaz, for real The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 2 Song: World Takeover Typed by: big_reese1@yahoo.com [Joe Budden] Whoever thought that, taking over the world would take longer than 3 years I know I didn't shit Matter of fact it ain't, it ain't been 3 years yet Well the takeover is coming I know you hear 'em coming It feel like '03 yet? You in that mood yet?!?! I just like sayin that shit That shit just sound good Jersey! The king of New Jersey World Takeover You got some wanna shoot 'em on site then there's some wanna *scratches* Some wanna shoot 'em on site *scratches* Some, some wanna shoot 'em on site *scratches* Some Some wanna shoot 'em on site then there's some wanna shank me Put him out to dry, you got some wanna hang me Then I pissed 'em off, or made some of 'em angry All I did for this hood I THOUGHT niggaz would thank me And I could give a fuck bout where none of you rank me Him, him, them, son none of 'em ain't me I worked hard to get here, now that I got here They want me gone, they tryna treat Joe like a Yankee *gun shots* [Is this what you want?!] Some wanna shoot 'em on site then there's some wanna shank me Put him out to dry, you got some wanna hang me Then I pissed 'em off, or made some of 'em angry All I did for this hood I THOUGHT niggaz would thank me And I could give a fuck bout where none of you rank me Him, him, them, son none of 'em ain't me I worked hard to get here, now that I got here They want me gone, they tryna treat Joe like a Yankee Mic check 1,2 I say what I mean, I mean what I say what I feel Do whatever I want to Got into something you can't undo I piss in whatever subway your train of thought gotta run through I'm by my lonely, so I might let the hawk show Any block, I double-park, get out and walk slow And nowadays niggaz like listenin to bullshit, its obvious Even Tyra got a talk show Left the Sidekick home, took the old school pager I wanna believe there's no such thing as a hater Do something for somebody, they expect something in return Now there's no such thing as a favor Soon as I stop smoking, blunts come out in flavors I think of New Orleans when I step out in gators (talk to 'em) Some dudes starving, their ribs just keep touchin My shoulder nicknamed me Chicago, I keep brushing E'ry nationwide artist ain't national Rappers appear to be dicks that really vaginal E'ry Capo out there ain't seeing capital And everybody's rationale really ain't rational (oh!) So when I'm toting the 5 I rep Willy's and Jers, I don't need to be on Ocean Drive See the white tee wit my cig lit I'm Larry Brown, New York is fucked up so they signed me to fix shit When beef come I'm never tryna find me a biscuit Late night I'm never tryna find me a quick trick Call me I'll tell you how stupid a bitch get I know they every move, see me on that kid shit They wanna bring harm to you Front like they really got a bond with you Like 'member I went to the prom with you (nah!) Fuck dude got not choice but to bong at you Mans ain't gorilla, so better have King Kong with you He's bitch see the lypo on him Caravan might ride slow on him, mu'fucker I might let this lil red light glow on him Hope he walk round wit Geico on him, mu'fucker Look, pardon you fags, Yea I heard part of your raps It's all wack, how you start to get gassed And this rap shit is like reality TV It's totally different from what it's marketed as Know the game's fucked up, no I can't call it quits Can't knock me down, and I won't fall and trip I gotta just milk this shit for all it gives No chain on but 10 mortgages So naw fam, don't wanna talk or just chit-chat Fell down liftin the pound just from the kick back Dudes got a problem wit me, just a snitch that Ask anybody, I'm the wrong one to get at Get that? She so stupid, I'ma get her talk some of that good phone sex shit we be doin Aight, take me from the mu'fuckin tippity The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 2: Can it Get Any Worse? Song: Dumb Out Typed by: RogaRabbit1@cs.com It's stuck between platinum and flop, underground and mainstream Concious, backpack, scratch that, same thing OH I'm somewhere between the real and the fakeness The red pill, blue pill, real and the Matrix And I can't take this; if the game needs a new look I'm between a tummy tuck and a face lift And everything I say in these pages Is straight from the heart, nah magazines, y'all can't rate this But I'll be debatin it, it's a bit outragous Like it's an air virus and this shit's contagious NIGGA I'm downloadin like niggaz actually play this Maybe I'm buggin out, maybe I'm on a spaceship OHHH See I was on my stay out chill shit The way Mouse kills shit, I'm here just to lay out real shit Besides, other dudes styles remind me of spinnin rims WHY? That shit got played out real quick KILL 'EM See some wrote him off, some said he was done Made a joke of, hope he enjoyed the run I don't enjoy bein shunned, so I'm back as Neo Fans enjoyed The One, annoint me as begun I had the whole hood thinkin he would never eat Rappers tried to diss, thinkin we would never meet NAH I heard it if you said it You wrote it on online then I read it, now I match it nigga bet it Cause I remember clearly Once "Pump It Up" stop soarin, there's a few motherfuckers stopped callin See I remember shit spread like cancer I would call folks said, folk ain't answer A few chicks runnin started pullin they pants up A few stopped actin like my private dancer OOOH But a lightbulb hit once they started to neglect me See there I was, thinkin I was all that sexy but I Nah fuck that Cause I'm still sexy, young and fly Knahmean, ya heard? Look here can't be finished, what nigga I beg ya pard' I just let niggaz get a head start YEAH I walk to the finish, y'all spread out chase Nah sprint out pace, and I'll still win the race YEP See I'm joggin Other niggaz legs starts wobblin, when opportunity is start knockin You got the crown, pass off like Stockton It's time to work, I'm offically clocked in He is a problem, weavin and bobbin' Through the speculation that his label tried to drop him NAH I can't leave, even though it's big options Kev only signed me, to keep this shit rockin' Don't ask me how I'm doin, I been better Stuck in cold Feburary, with a thin sweater I'm far from a "YES" man, I'm a trend setter It's no games, just a Def Jam Vendetta Don't put niggaz in the same sink as me I mean metaphors, storylines, deep shit, club shit, girl shit, world shit They don't use to ink like me Niggaz don't even think like me NAH Who sees what I'm watchin, he ain't poppin' Don't deserve to drink water from the tub that I washed in WAIT, start again, it's a privilege to breath the same air that I farted in They want no parts with him How dare niggaz categorize me If my name's on a mixtape, then capitalize me I been stopped goin' to Mixtape Awards Don't need them to tell me, the mixtapes is yours NAH I had other ideas, while hittin loot I'm thinkin red carpet, I went and copped a suit WHOOH See I'm thinking Grammy's Sunglasses on, with my On Top family and a bad bitch handy OOHH He stayed at the "W", it felt like heaven I'm at an actress's house, that felt like neckin' R&B on, looked and felt like Meagan Gave me headache too, I felt like an Excedrin Talk very fly Least until I bought every pie, me me being war ready to my eyes And these dudes might as well be Jamie Foxx Trying to sound like somebody that already died The kid keep a snub wit 'em, good pair of gloves wit 'em Your first week ain't right, they can't fuck wit 'em Now if you don't sell 5 mill, they had enough of 'em Let me find out Hip Hop's turnin' Republican I'll sum it up to what he is about Still new to most, they still feelin him out Things were type blam, Joey seasoned him out I'm the nicest dude out since "Reasonable Doubt," say it ain't so Rest in Peace Luther, there's some other niggaz gay on the low OH So live, who can see 'em, no guy I'm the Mets, was suppose to be ill in '05 WHOA As ill as the flow gets, need a piller don't snitch So if you can't tell, I'm preparing for '06 About to OD, anybody that know me Can tell you I'm bout to make shit feel like it's '03 More like '99 No names should be mentioned but mine, unless you talkin' Big Pun in his prime Maybe '96 Jay, before Dame was throwin' money around Or 2pac without Humpty around Or 50 before Em, Nas talkin' like a gun in his song Cam'ron during "Children Of The Corn" Beans before the cops came through and try to grill 'em I'm talkin '95, Big L before they killed 'em Em before 8 Mile, Shyne before the deal shit Canibus, no album out before the L shit Talkin' bout Kiss, DMX when he was fuckin' wit coke Or "Cuban Linx," Raekwon and Ghost I do it all, who blendin' so well in the game Talkin' Fab, back when he was still spellin' his name MANG On my Diddy shit, Memphis, Grizzlie shit Like back in the day when Clue swiped all of Biggie's shit NIGGA Rappers don't need trouble with I Unless it's Rass Kass before the D.W.I Or Talib with Mos, Common before "Be" If they any less common, don't put 'em before me See, I'm not a rapper, I'm a prophet Chill Joe stop it, skill will speak for you, don't pop shit Fuck jail, I'm on my payroll cop shit I call that bootleg cable, it's no box shit All black, lookin' grimey in the crowd Heat on him, no sir, don't try me when I'm out I toast somethin' tiny that'll blauh Ain't gotta see Paul Wall, if you want somethin' shiney in your mouth I probably fool cats, cause I don't ride out in some big car In the streets, like I ain't some big star And these young mother fuckers, is about to fuck up Like leavin' they whole career in some bitch car No name, but it's no sublime Nigga you know who you are, I'll end it before it goes too far Your buzz still fucked, you a liar money Joe's still spendin "Pump It Up", "Fire" money Glock for hire money, don't try to mug me Call ass cap, maybe be at mines for money Please, what's wrong wit 'em, somethin' ain't the norm' wit 'em Ain't too many dudes out there, out performin 'em NAH Some require these skills, I was born wit 'em Street's askin' what's takin' so long wit 'em Jump Off, I'm the best to happen He's the answer, the who's got the next in rappin' I suggest you ask 'em If Hip Hop is all smoke and mirrors, then I'm the Windex and a napkin New dudes is whack, some vet's is has-been's Some were Top 20, till I crept right passed 'em It's a wrap, Joey sealin' it nigga Cold out, Long Johns still dealin' it nigga Still peelin' it nigga If I only get 'em two times, just know it was the dilinger nigga It's that 'gnac music, don't know how to act music Gettin' my Kanye on, puttin' out "Crack Music" Car jack music, got what they lack music Send my little man, get rid of the pack music That I'm back music, that click clack music That A-Team, Muggs, that Fab and Stack music Now who said they fuckin' with me They just said that fuckin' with me, they didn't mean it (NAH) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 2: Can it Get Any Worse? Song: 40 Licks Typed by: RogaRabbit1@cs.com Look I can give a fuck about opinions, like 'em or love 'em I never change up, if you don't like 'em then fuck 'em Cause I was brought up sayin' sticks and stones Only let you know about whoever's doin' the throwin' Dudes is far from what they pretend to be though I done fired a few shots and got plenty of gold Nah, if it ain't love, let's begin to be foes Cause now my minds kind of off, I'm like Emily Rose When I seen my first man get murdered I took a little strike from the game like a Transit worker Won't keep pushin' cats to get paid And be a grown ass man with no acalade's And know the truth hurts I can't fabricate So nothings made up, just the facts I say My son 'bout to have a brother It's a different father, same mother, if it ain't one thing it's another Sometimes this rap thing seems so easy Til you home lookin' at that TV Pissed you havin' a fit, changin' it FUCK MTV Cause you starin' at them, thinkin' that should BE ME The game and myself is like Jessica and Nick, 'bout to leave The folks thought we'd never ever split Try to work through it all that we done for eachother Both talented but one is too dumb for the other Let it go to its boiling point Til it felt like one long episode of Boiling Points But all I gots this mic and this booth while I'm in it I figure might aswell tell the truth while I'm in it Latifa said enjoy my youth while I'm in it I told her I do but the proofs still tinted I'm like an old man when no friends or family Tryin' to cleanse whatever's left of his 'sanity It's no happy dude here I'm mad at the world while I'm wishing y'all Happy New Year It's only fair somebody had one New Year's for me always be like my last one New year, same girl, she the same soldier Think it's all good, probably cause I told her But I got some resentment, shit that I ain't over I don't trust baby girl far as I can throw her Rightfully or wrongly she's gettin' quick sized I'm on the horn askin' chicks for their tit-size Face smilin' and there's tears in the kid's eyes Hidin' it from hoes, by talkin' about my dick size In the hood with the best of 'em I'm still hood, just not hood like the rest of 'em Where's the answer Don't ask for a cig', I'm so self-centered I won't even share this cancer Look to the sky Talk to an invisible man and hope one day my prayers get answered This shit gets hard with every pull from this cig' or cigar More like what every lick from the gutiar GOD! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 2: Can it Get Any Worse? Song: Three Sides to a Story Typed by: icechilladhs@yahoo.com [Joey as Derrick] My names Derrick, I'm from Queens right there on Merrick Raised of honesty, loyalty, good merits Gotta lil sister and my pops just perished And I just came home so my freedom I really cherish Young when they bagged me, seven in the can is torcher And I just did that for manslaughter Odds was against me, murder in the second degree Made it less cuz I gave 'em a plea That's the past, now a dude home tryna clean up his past When all niggaz kno me for is the past And my minds always thinking how to pocket some cash They know if something ever sparked it'll cock it and blast Now I'm tryna live straight and get my act together But my moms struggling, she putting scraps together Long time ago, when I wasn't home she was cleaning my room Cried when she found a gat in the dresser Said no child of hers woulda had dat, never!!! But with all the dirt I was doing I felt like I hadda protect her, I hadda protect us Stead of me sellin crack forever She rather be ina shop right, getting bags together Passing endeavors, wont allow me to get work Forced me to get work On apps they ask if you ever been to jail, like if I say yes you'll hire me NIGGA DON'T LIE TO ME!!! I gotta lil sister that's nine Plus moms is chillin, wit some new dude I think she feeling But he don't help with the bills and I'm back on the script So we don't go broke, I'm back to this hammer that I hafta tote Stash ya kno, I'm killin em, only nigga on the Ave. with coke Only man in the house, I gotta bring in cash And those two chicks a month that mom get don't last Lil Sally still young she developing fast Oh, you thinking the same thing, it's a hell of a task Then it clicked me, plain close, cops came to get me But knew that I had mine on threaten to hit me And I moved swiftly, said they had a warrant They knew about it all they said they had an informant I'm back in this caged up cell With the apes in jail, now I'm back in this eight by twelve See I tried to live right But society ain't made for niggaz to live right Mommy just write Mommy make sure Sally keep her shit tight And I'll be home real soon, don't cry, it's iight I know it might seem like it's all good But this is what it's like in the hood I rep my set like you should But this is what it's like in the hood (repeat) [Joey as Sally] My names Sally, and I'm from Queens I'm not happy Dad pasted away, moms remarried I gotta big bro, but he's in jail Moms said for some things that he used to sell And I'm always with step-dad, his names Beau And theres some things about him that my mom don't kno And he says if I tell that it won't be pretty And I'm really scared of em, he's already hit me He touches me places I don't like it And I ain't talking bout a hug or goodbye kiss I mean touch me places that's private And he don't just touch he put summin inside it He says the more he does that, I'll start to like it Hand over my mouth so I'm quiet Moms only wit 'em cuz our money is low I'm sixteen but I'm shaped like a twenty year old And my moms in love so she makes excuses But she looks at me and sees scrapes and bruises Why step daddy gotta take me thru this Help, somebody, I'm getting raped I cant do this Nobody understands I'm weary Get goosebumps anytime a man come near me Know how it feel to have a man use you for a cushion All the while moaning and pushin You try to push him, he's getting bothered You yell and you scream but he starts going harder Trust me, it's summin you don't wanna be apart of Cuz even when it's over, your life, it'll scare ya Visit my bro, he can tell I'm sad Staring hard at my stomach he can tell I'm fat He can tell I'm mad But step daddy touched me, fucked me, you think that I can tell him that? Beau called the cops on him, could I tell him that? Yep, thought you'd agree so I keep it all to me Baby on the way, and I'm not working And I kno it's his cause I used to be a virgin Derrick says he'll handle it, wipe my tears He don't know, this is what it's like for years And it falls on def ears Damn mommy please come home, please mommy don't leave us alone Some secrets are hard to keep Some secrets make it hard to sleep And sleep is the only time I feel safe Still the act haunts me, and I kno I'ma wake up with step daddy on me… [Joey as Beau] My names Beau, gotta chick named Pam that I live with But she's always in church, real religious I hadda son he was young he was gifted Til a nigga killed him a week before Christmas Three shots close range with a handgun I knew before I met Pam that it was Pam's son I knew when I pulled the Mill out harder And went on a manhunt just to kill they father Derrick and my boy hadda mutual friend That put me on doing what I gotta do for revenge Derricks coming home now, and he's gonna get it And I kno he'll be lookin for me with a biscuit Not hard to find, got them teks in handy, and I'm in his house having sex with him family I got his mom on the bed and the canopy And I'm with his sister molesting her candy Now he kno it all His friend prolly told em, and you can't hide nothing ina hood so small But then it came Sunday, Beau ain't hafta work Just humped on Sally, Pam's in church Derrick bust in, Beau just froze White shit on his nose, Sally getting her clothes Screams, "Get ready for your funeral Beau" And then he reach to his hip and let a few of 'em go Cause he's packin but Sally starts gaspin Holdin her stomach, I guess she started having contractions Beau grabbed his, now they both got heat Just gunnin, both ignoring the seed that's coming Now Sally's in the crossfire, screams out stop Holes in the wall, now the scenes getting hott Next 30 seconds on the scene is the cops Yellow tape up, now the scenes getting blocked Barricades up, yep, you already kno y'all Ambulance there, streets full of patrol cars Cops on the mega phone, "come down now" But it all calmed down somehow Beau comes out, hands showing, carrying his arms Derrick comes down, little Sally in his arms Yep, nuttin to say, she was hit by a stray Nope! Shots done ric-o-shade, cops take him away And now some niggaz miss em But it wasn't the guns that killed Sally, nah it was the dumb niggaz wit em When we gonna learn to treat our people sacred Theres some type of way kid, we're all related When we gonna grow and get rid of the hatred Cuz this shit happens on a regular basis, this shit happens on a regular basis This type of shit happens everyday kidd The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 2: Can it Get Any Worse? Song: Stained Typed by: Joseph_Trapani05@hotmail.com [DJ On Point] The name of this shit right here is called Stained [Sample- Staind: Outside] I'm on the outside and I'm looking in I can see through you, see your true colours Inside you're ugly, ugly like me I can see through you, see through the real you [Joe Budden] Lemme talk to them real quick It's, it's, it's what? It's that On Top music Niggaz said the only cat I cared about is myself When shit's thick, don't nobody's whereabouts but myself When you're faced with it all and your back's against the wall You'll be listenin' but all you hear about is yourself Tell me what you supposed to do when yourself ain't reliable You're lookin' in the mirror but yourself ain't desirable Need another nigga besides yourself on the side of you Can't listen to yourself, all he do is lie to you Now tell me who's supposed to have your best intrest When shit ain't lookin' up, you start havin' less intrest Tryin' to leave the hood but the slugs keep commin' Keep chasin' the buck but the buck keep runnin' I don't trust nobody, I don't love nobody I don't fuck with nobody but me, I can't lose No moves'll be funny and I never let myself down How so? I don't expect too much from me [Sample] I'm everything the hip hop critics try and _____ Got no problem bringin' out the shit hip hop hides So I do the club shit for the blind, they can't see You write some substance and sometimes they can't read Needle in the haystack, hidden jewel the most So fly, down to earth, he's so cool to most A regular hood nigga with he's two the most And he's so smart, he's stupid. Still a fool to most Tell me how could somebody so sane, be so off So normal, he's not. It's so strange, he's so lost And you're lookin' for someone to blame, there's no fault Now you're feelin' all this pain, there's no source Eyes open, I can't blink right now, I can't think right now Bartender, I need a drink right now Pen movin' but there's not enough ink right now Not a ship you can't sink right now [Sample] T-shirt filthy nigga, eyes lookin' like a guilty nigga Beard look like he's a Philly nigga Fistball like somebody tryna steal me nigga I pour my heart out on wax, you gotta feel me nigga And no over the counter that can heal me nigga Gun cocked like there's some nigga tryna kill me nigga And try whatever it is you tryna deal me nigga 'Lest they got some new shit that might grill me nigga I pull out like break me off, peel me nigga The games short like I owe you, bill me nigga Unless you're a thick bitch that might appeal to me nigga Naw don't beat me down, don't drill me nigga I'm like really nigga, I'm too ill to these niggaz How long you think this games gonna conceal me nigga Even if I don't scan a few milly my nigga I fell and I got up and I'm still me nigga [Talking] It's, it's, it's what? It's that On Top music The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album:  Mood Muzik 3 - For Better Or For Worse Song:  Dear Diary Typed by: JamaalMS322@yahoo.com 10-3-07 The soundtrack to my life is like CNN first shit Images like CNN but worse shit I would down the whole Pinot Gris But I'd see the Group Home without the Premo beats And it hurts my soul I'm a Warrior so though the odds is against a nigga Dirk gon choke Some people confide in the person that they sleep with Ive learned theres no such thing as a secret (oh) I can't describe the feeling I get You was riding shotgun I was wheeling the whip Shit I even let you rock out Being Bill Belichick tapin from the sidelines stealin my shit But dawg you was like a mini me Mocked me envied me turns out you was blowin hot air Kenny G But you was cool accepted you instantly Not a groupie but you had a few tendencies And though we share a few memories A couple wrong turns'll turn a friend to an enemy See phony people like phony people Even you could be mistaken if you phone these people Look when you invite the nerds to the cool table shit is bound to break up like a pool table Some wack dudes'll start feeling like the shit And you thinkin its you its really where you sit Or maybe you was neglected Cause when you take the front down and strip a nigga naked hes dying to be accepted (oh) I did that just the way you was Now you a stranger nothing like the way you was But uh you not real you not Rachel You not Worm you not Dill shit you not chill I thought you had some (?) fuck the fake shit I'm really feelin that you tryna screw me And you a lil smarter than the average dude So it took a nigga just a lil longer to see They tried to warn me fought with my girl every night about you shit only hurts cause she was right about you She run around wanting to shoot you the fair one I keep telling her chill I don't care none I got another side I never showed to you The side where everybody is disposable See relationships are never a threat Cause Ill erase the history and act like we never met Become done giving a fuck and done callin I got your e-mail I was done way before then (oh) Dear Diary I don't wanna keep shit inside of me Id rather just speak to you privately Maybe its my mood as far as I can see Theres really no point in having this guy with me Change from the days of us getting in your truck Its bigger than one song its bigger than a buck Its bigger than me bigger than buck Bigger than voodoo its bigger than luck shit its bigger than us I always call niggas fools for wanting to learn the hard way (when) When I'm really the fool for tryna teach'em When the blinds leading the blind you can't reach'em If niggas aint as hungry as you then why feed'em Niggas aint tryna be lead then why lead'em Having big problems with your dogs why breed'em Ill keep my part up keep my guard up Was like Thundercats but changed faster than Cheetara Just a small part of a larger issue Sometimes acceptance is so hard to get to But we all equal no one lower or above me I love my team just as much as they love me If not more If I turn the knob we all going through the door I aint coming back for yall The whole crew feel the same as me How could you ignore something so plain to see I'm being ig'nant that get on my nerves every minute What's plain to some is really Burberry printed Being so real sometimes is a slow kill We was one squad you broke out like Mike Schofield I want fillet mignon you want oatmeal Add up our differences equals up to no meal No mills yup no deal why you gotta chase shit To know its no thrills For real a nigga still beefin with his baby momma (BUT) Only thing my baby aint a baby no more Hit her on MySpace maybe she aint shady no more Sent old girl a message no reply but she read it Some things are so embedded and our heads is Looking for O's but get X's, dealing wit ya exes I was one long line away from the Tetris She sent me the L that sent me to hell To the point where I was ignoring my son I don't see him don't talk to him I don't greet him don't walk wit him But I pay for him like hes an object No matter how right I am in court I can't object Dear Diary how could she deny me How she go to bed without her fuckin wit her psyche Is she wrong using him so I can come back (or) Or am I wrong for wishing I could get my cum back Looking for sun all I see is the hail How I'm gon trust All I see is betrayal Its like they keep trying more and more to subdue me And only you understand signed by yours truly The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 3 Song: Hiatus Typed by: Sting414@gmail.com Two years, waits up Still sleep, wake up Girl gon break up Mind right, cake up Friends came, friends left Bullshit is endless Been that, Hip Hop Really not impressed Maybe just my love died Sober, still above high Slugs fly, eyes up, dry but still a thug cries I cry til I can't cry no more Believe my own nonsense I can't lie no more Soul's dead, breathless I can't sigh no more Wheel's already fell off, I can't ride no more I guess I... pack up all of my belongings and just troop it You know its beef when a smart nigga get stupid Then its justified, rational nullified He's been shot 8 times, almost thought my brother died See he was raised different, I know his mother tried His arms tied, I'm tryna teach dude to touch the sky But still shorty wild Turned on by 40 cals Was young never saw me wild, clutch Robert Horry style No wonder why I picked up triggers to beef I only ever fist fought with niggas bigger than me I never been the one to try to grab shit in my reach Incompliant, you have now witnessed the breach I feel like life is all written, understand my math Got on my knees told God I had a plan he laughed I mean.. Hours pass, no sleep Cowards get a slow leak Showered twice the whole week Powerless control freak Thinkin' about suicide Won't though, I'm scrutinized Life nigga, do or die Hood want him crucified Jewelry on, fresh dressed Model broads, excess Phone calls, death threats Tell me whats the next step Whats what? Whos who? Paranoid as usual Gripping on my deuce deuce Either way a lose lose All I need is one mic Razor blades, gun fights Grew without no sun light Understand sons plight If done right, wont seek and fail I dont follow the path I'm creating my own to leave a trial No rhyme or reason Nor reason to rhyme No more food for thought Shit was seasoning mine Now they counting my desire Second guessing my fast life Bringing weapons of mass in when you question my passion I live for this Not the baguettes and the fame Got signed having the awnser then the question changed Saying jump off dont sound right Is blashphemous, down right I astound mics Music is just what feelings sound like So even though when I do it its flames For a while felt like I was making music in vein We dont view it the same I use it for change Y'all do it for change I use it for pain But keep doing your thing Soundscans sky rocket Build all this hype bout it People might cop it This is just my logic Maybe its psychotic Though labels try to stop it This is my antibiotic So let me start doing what dudes like A nigga in the booth feeling fresher then some new nikes And I cruise like cruise-control No fuck that!! I cant do it, I might lose my soul Even though shit help a nigga to his goal Would defeat the whole purpose Nahh that ain't what Jerz is Nahh that would be worthless Bars sounding nervous A nigga much deeper then what you see on the surface I rather resort back to snatching purses Finally understanding what the gift and the curse is If I was more concerned about a purchase I would tell yall its about to go down like bird shit It takes courage, me verses urges Words split and got caught up in label merges And whats worse is I've been deserted in the circus Up and left the circuit It's dead like herses Sicker then the pedaphiles working in the churches That ain't the type of shit I need fit for my verses So lemme help niggas understand mouse Why try to fit in when you a stand out? No album but the money never ran out Beside from rap I'm kinda focused on land now Cause I dont know where the game is It's just been attacked by Hurricane Chris So niggas cant fathom what money and fame is Well some niggas get it by using their stainless Well some niggas get it what the kid sustain in Me! .. Im regular Joe I dont let it change shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Ransom, Hitchcock and Fabolous Album: Mood Muzik 3: For Better or For Worse Song: Family Reunion Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Killa BH - talking] Uh oh! It's that time again It's been too long It's family reunion We got to school y'all to the game (IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT?} You know what let's talk to 'em (HUH?) Let's go (IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT?} [Joe Budden - talking behind Killa BH] Uh Mic check, mic check Check, one two, one two [DJ On Point - talking]  Y'all already know what time it is (y'all already know what time it is) Family reunion (family reunion) Ransom (Ransom), Hitchcock (Hitchcock), Fab (Fab), let's go [Joe Budden - talking behind DJ On Point] The wolves is out niggaz, uh Get 'em boy [Verse 1 - Ransom] Ain't nobody tryin to rap or play me I'll be at they crib with a couple hammers and a black old AV Black gonna pay me, still get the smack off Baisley Cause I'm touchin more diesel than Shaq old lady Boy, you did it, I done it, I get it, I punish The shit that I come with'll separate a riff from a stomach I'm the boss, when I spit it, you love it Matter fact, I'm a Viking, I need a whole village to plumage Yeah, the nigga is here, the city is scared You got the throne? Then I think I need to sit in your chair We could really get physical here And the sky's the limit nigga, I put your whole clique in the air Baby, so quit playin, 'fore the clips spray 'em And have his MIA like Nick Saban His whole shit caved in, my whole clique cavemen Hard bodied nigga, my whole shit pavement You can't spit if you dead in the ground In the woods, where your head'll be found And it's good that you gettin it now, in the precinct confessin it now I can't fuck with the rest of you clowns, faggot [Verse 2 - Hitchcock] High in the silence before the storm Lincoln Park, the Audubon Slang rock on the same block that the water on I be more than gone, run and get your order form Next time I record a song, gon' put my daughter on Cause she realer than most niggaz I tote triggers, for you broke niggaz and gold diggers with no figures That why I palm the heater, for all you non-believers I'm on your ass like white on Rice, I'm Condoleezza Better con the preacher, you tryin to get on a feature Better get your casket bastard (why?), I'm gon' eat ya We ain't in the same weight class Your fake ass, couldn't stop a nigga with brake pads I'm way past, anything that you ever did I'm better kid and we never sweat a bid It's easy to get a cig In the bing, I'm like Ving Rhames, I bring pain I sling 'caine off the wing like I'm King James Y'all doubtin who? When I spit the whole lead, they be callin Code Red, like Mountain Dew 'Fore I count to two, you could get your back blown (OH!) Cause your chemic's out of minutes like a TracFone (NIGGA!) Get back homes, I'm back on my shit I don't mingle, I'm like Pringles, stackin my chips Clappin my fifth, you the 'test me type' Comin out with a "Blade" to get Wesley Snipes So the cops could arrest me, right? It's not happenin You ain't ever gonna get on, so stop rappin +H20+ comin this summer, so stop askin All heat like Wall Street, it stop crashin Now the Feds want to read his rights Lord have mercy, Jesus Christ, I got passion I'm black and all my niggaz gettin this 'feti We in the Chevy and ready to pop tags and (what? OH!) [Chorus - Joe Budden] - w/ ad libs So whatever you tryin to do little niggaz (niggaz), I already done (done) And since you want to live by it little nigga (nigga), then die by the gun (gun) See whatever you tryin to do little nigga, I've already done (done) So how the fuck you gon' win little nigga (nigga), I've already won (won) [Verse 3 - Fabolous] Like we always do it, d-d-damn Yes (yes), let's go (yes), uh huh Aiyyo, money is the root of all evil I thought But when I'm broke is usually when I have the evilest thoughts That's when the arms come out, like sleeves when it's short With more bullets than your favorite wide receiver has caught And that Randy Mossberg, ya Steve Smith & Wesson ya The shoes pop up like Instant Messenger You've got mail, naw nigga you got shells And my Mac, you can't use for iChat I've got that, confused that with live flat And my gat is on leg like thigh tat I that nigga, who you dudes Some broke niggaz who tryin to get some youtube views So 'less you want a point blank, boy you're too close Bail's in pocket, this is Lawyer Lou Los  I'm pretty sure more hotties seen me in that four door ridey Double pipes like a sawed off shotty, nigga (IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT?) [Verse 4 - Joe Budden] I flow sickly, ridin, bumpin old Biggie Roll with me or lose weight, Nicole Richie Fuck plat, if I don't reach diamond vein I treat a nigga's face like the old Simon game Figured out why men try us Cause we OD on rims and then tires, for that we Len Bias All it takes is a punch He ain't brave, he a punk I'll put his family in boxes, meet the Brady Bunch How y'all feel yourselves? Should kill yourselves, us Cowboys don't need you, you Bill Parcells And you ain't got to empty your pockets when the K's out Whatever you holdin is mine, we my PayPal See I don't get how this guy is a threat I make his life inept for a pie to the neck Ride or die, if you both nigga, ride to the death I a cappella the whole left side of his vest Not retirin, still got that pension pendin Tryin to pop the hood and see the engine missin Double barrelled shotgun, have your men get missin She got pretty brown eyes and she in mint condition Oh the cig in the car, you diss en moi Take the ratchet go home and just Chris Benoit Tell a bird like it is, you promise the broad I one line her (you), you Isiah Thomas the broad I could send a clique cartridge at a nemesis target And catch a ROR on some Jena 6 charges (naw) Naw, I'll put this thing away I don't even need a whole hairdo to flip 'em, all it take is one finger wave Been in the bing for days, show you how I'm real Come home to the truck with the Optimus Prime grill Handed out crack, got the scene poppin off They not sleepin on 'em, the fiends is noddin off For real, tell me how you a thug and you Superman? (nigga) I just seen you in the club doin the Superman (nigga) A bunch of clowns homes All I need in this world is the pound chrome, Huxtable brown stone Major paper (I mean), cake by the layers If these dudes is live, I'm the Creative Player They callin 'em 'Kings' when they so so hot Something's wrong with that picture, must be Photoshop  I don't promote violence, but when sparkin the flame - BLAM Arms start wavin like the Carlton Banks dance When them tools go pop, it move whole blocks Come around with your dog and get Cooljo shot These MC's is lame, I try to be an MC with brains These niggaz is MC Brains Bein nice, rappers is far from bein nice I'm on the rooftop recordin, niggaz is bein sniped It's like [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Outro - DJ On Point - talking] - w/ Killa BH ad libs in background Shout to the whole BSC (whole BSC) Shout to my nigga Dru Cartier SlimeBugz, DJ Sunkiss The Don (The Don), Dre Bless (Dre Bless) DJ Baby Dru (DJ Baby Dru) My nigga Freeze The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Ezo Album: Mood Muzik 3: For Better or For Worse Song: Get No Younger Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] - w/ ad libs Uh, it's that knock right here Uh, y'all in that mood yet? Taha, you need a subo to play this in the car by the way Let's go I'm a be quiet, let homeboy say what he gotta say Get his little shout outs out the way Goin, goin, gone [DJ On Point - talking over Intro] (*echo*) This joint right here is called Get No Younger Featuring Ezo Shout out to The Klasix on the beat Dave, Mike, I see you Joe Budden, Mood Muzik 3 Let's go [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Now look, I'm in that 550 feelin like Chuck Liddell Aside from Rampage Jackson it's "fuck the world" My lean came so mean, +So Fresh and So Clean+ Like a Sunday morning listenin to Joel Osteen Like my beat down low, I'm rimmed up with the seat back Boo with the sweet back, I definitely need that Even if her body make a nigga want eat that Bitch you don't +Make+ a nigga +Better+, better see Fab I know a bird named Amy, love to tea bag Set you up right for some loosies and a weed bag Alcoholic, cute face but her weave bad And she went to the Winehouse straight from the +Rehab+ The recap rappers and they G stacks Fixated on imaginary ice like freeze tag I speed past, ease past with my G swag I'm at a level most niggaz couldn't see past [Chorus - Ezo] On my grind, chasin dollars (chasin dollars) In the fall or the summer (fall or the summer) Streets are pullin me under (pullin me under) And I ain't gettin no younger [DJ On Point - talking over Chorus] (*echo*) Shout out to Paree Jill, Grimstyles Can't forget Jay, what up? [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] Whoa, whoa, some say "sky's the limit", still I'm tryin to reach higher So on my deathbed, I'm figurin how to be fly I'm talkin above heaven (but) But talkin about death is me beatin a dead horse and a nigga love "Slevin" I'm a '80's baby with a '60's mind state, Yankee fitted backwards Lookin at whippersnappers Livin young and reckless, never mind who the best is (might as well) They need to get rid of their style, put it on Craigslist (nigga) 'Cause you ain't crazy, stop it Even if you was wild like Randy Moss, start feelin Patriotic How I'm gon' lose with Tom Brady in the pocket? Beggin dude to come back like the Yankees did "The Rocket" And just like Clemens did Reappear to get the most wins it in, damn dickheads is so sensitive Pussies get hemorrhages, find a way to benefit Even when it seem the whole World is against the kid [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] Whoa, I mean, the burner's in the air (is that what you want?) Like J. Holiday I'll put you permanently there It's +Bedtime+ niggaz, weapon of mine niggaz, Wesson or nine niggaz "Minority Report", I'm ahead of your mind niggaz You wanted to beef, you got twenty with you, I got a hundred with me Now this is somethin to see (oh) Boogieman your whole squad, put you under some sheets In that Dodge Richard Reid had under the sheet On some Jetsons shit but if the shook type approach me I'll fill 'em with metal 'til he look like Rosey Niggaz ain't off the hook like Joey My feet is up cozy, at the end of my bed Get on my Puff Daddy +All About The Benjamins+ shit And turn my back on Danja/danger like Timbaland did (ya heard?) Hoodie over my head, the snub showin Fuck what the World's come to, where the fuck's it goin? [Chorus] - without ad libs [Outro - DJ On Point - talking until the end] (*echo*) Shout out to my nigga Trees Bland Bland Management Shout out to Phat Gear down in A-T-L Can't forget Hall of Fame, Coliseum, Jamaica Ave. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Unforgiven 12" Song: Unforgiven Typed by: nikbutera226@yahoo.com Lets talk about the struggle, lets talk about the pain Some people say they love you, but that don't mean a thang Some folks is so naive, not me.. I go insane Some people dap you, they hug you.. they do it all in vain That's my depression talking.. maybe it's really real Maybe them doctors was right, and maybe I'm really ill See I can't really chill.. without feeling the guilt of me Stealing these pills Is anybody feeling me still? (Shit) except for the hood.. nobody told me, I ever couldn't Instead, I pushed.. back when they told me I never would Looking at me, like I was just a crook I express the hood, and what I see on the daily My scenery daily Task force... B & E's daily A task y'all.. being me daily They want to put, 3 in me nail me This is stuff, you only read on The Daily Had product, but ain't supply it then High off more than weed..so the product just got me higher than Product of my enviroment Look-at-where-they-put-me.. and look where they telling me I gotta be Stop and see, the robberies ..the poverty Naw fam, its not for me Its got to be, an opt atleast Without-dudes-gettin'-chased-by police So they gave us film, sport.. and the gift to make a hot CD Back to the wall, against the ropes Nothings believable, feezable.. they don't believe in you You've been verbally beaten to A pulse, so the result to you think nothing is reachable Reasonable, I tell you dreams come true Yeah haters, even YOU! [CHORUS] Now take your hands, and wave 'em high They told me I can't, but I said "why?!" Like, fuck it, I'll try NOT fuck it and die See, this is real emotion we deal wit' Often, and don't reveal it Often we stuff it inside, but I'm like fuck it.. lets ride I--- do what I do, because I do what I do what I feel THEY-- do what they do, in hopes of what they do.. they appeal They got a image, and a personia that they gotta fill That they better do, for revenue.. so labels will be thrilled Kind-of-feel like a wanted man I can't talk to folk, cause when I ask 'em to trust me All-they-wanna-do-is-judge-me I'm feeling like they don't understand (I'm) feeling like ain't too many people friendly I feel like ain't too many people are what they pretend to be Cause I'm in that zone, when I feel alone Like everybody is against me Just feel like I'm worst enemy And naw, its not a cry for no sympathy I'm just thinkin' outloud, to a crowd-- I'm just tryna figure out some remedy Almost like every lesson, almost like every jewel, every tool That's ever been lent to me For the moment, is gone I'm like a new born I feel like a man wit' no memory Slow it down for a second, make sure I'm not losing you Or confusing you, I'm delusional If you never been there, then you have no idea what illusions do Through and through, I'm hoping these signs aren't vital Or none of these rhymes.. inside the recital Why do it mean, I'm sucidial? I'm ain't that Houston dude But-- I'm a MANIAC! Don't get over, drunk or sober This the same way I'd act And I'm strivin' to pull together But atleast until these voices inside of me Go forever, be aloft- I'm liable to do whatever.. (c'mon!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 3 - For Better or For Worse Song: All of Me Typed by: zo.x.flowers@gmail.com [Emanny] I give you my all.. but it seems like that's not enough Now you can get all of me A lot of things have changed from what I see Is this the way its s'possed to be? [Budden] Are you in that mood yet? One mo' 'gain ARE YOU IN THAT MOOD YET? Look, they say tomorrow's not promised, but if it was I wouldn't get open Wouldn't get suits them shits was made to be broken 'Member comin up dudes talkin bout hoes, boastin I was just a Juvenile movin in Slow Motion I dropped outta school to be a dude with mad jewelry Once I got it shit wasn't even cool to me I dreamt of condos and video vixens Until I learned most girls in videos is pidgeons I just wanted the world to see that I was for real wit it Wanted a deal, I got it and couldn't deal wit it I want me and my old homeboys to still kick it I wish they saw me as Mouse and not a meal ticket Let the beat play I wish I could see a day wit no he say, she say, just wanna see Trey Wanna play the hood and not fuck with the toasters Middle child, wish me and my brother was closer I wanna scream at her, catch myself before I start to And then remember it takes two people to argue All she do is provoke me All I do is diss her All I did was shake her She say that I hit her She just takin everything I say out of context I'm tryin not to black, I'm like a nigga wit a complex Was mad as a FUCK, didn't even show it Yesterday was better off, didn't even know it Complete role reversal so it's usless these days TV got real, music went fake Please help her for God's sake When I proposed to the game I figured life was merry 5 years later I'm feelin like Tyler Perry Maybe I'm exhausted, maybe I just lost it Maybe I should pick up a pen and try 'n force it Same old story, guts and no glory They tryna low ball me, do him like Joe Torre I reintroduced myself to the world, I'M JERZ I'm a artist, I paint pictures, I don't rhyme words More than a rapper I pay attention to detail But how I do in retail tells me if I prevail Leadin all the way see these trials and tribulations Foul situations with some mild stipulations I feel like being a addict cuz it hurts But somethin 'bout dude makes bad shit worse Look, its three types of niggas in this world ya know So you either gon' make shit happen OR Watch shit happen OR Not know what happened So i couldn't just sit there like 'FUCK rappin' Its dudes with problems I couldn't imagine havin If I had to have 'em I couldn't fathom me lastin, like I used to bump into Tammy in the club Few of them, she even helped a nigga get in See a person long enough you know you bound to get fly wit em Care for em, be more than high and by wit em Its been a while, I can't front like I ain't phased She was my reality check, cuz we the same age I mean she put on a show that you CAN'T stage She made the shit sound effortless I was damn near in tears checkin my messages I got goosebumps all over my skin She said "Mouse I highly doubt that I'll ever see you again Hope everything is well kid You see I'm just findin out I have a brain tumor but I never felt it The doctor's givin me three weeks to live Not three weeks til I die, thats three weeks to give I just wanna tell you that I love you and I care I wish you all the best throughout the rest of your career"... And then she broke into tears I pressed 7, took the phone from my ears Sometimes the simplest of things people need it But I ain't call back in fear of being speechless What was I to put her at ease wit? I picked a real bad time to be stradegic I think my lifes bad, pickin up the pieces Some folk already got they appointment to see Jesus In this world full of diseases I've learned not to bite my tongue or have siezures Depression tells me I suck So I reply "I ain't here cuz I fell down, I'm here cuz I got up" And then I'm goin back and forth with Ransom Shit came outta nowhere, was real random According to him, I'm responsible for Jerz too "I never helped niggas?" How the FUCK you think they heard you? Muhfucka's got a lot of nerve duke I was the nigga believed in you spittin Had to con the industry just so they would listen But go 'head, you just gon' wreck yourself How was you protectin me, you can't protect yourself Keep the lies to a minimal, just read your interview And can't help but ask what's gotten into dude Media training but he don't know how that go It help you come across not soundin like an ASSHOLE In my past though been to jail, I ain't enjoy it So why would I stand behind the mic and exploit it? I ain't ig'nant, just because I exercise spiritually They try to ignore how I exercise lyrically I thought I had a great job Back when niggas loved the culture, wasn't in it for the money like a A-Rod Even when I'm spittin bout current events Its a sublime sayin 'Who's more current than him?' So I'm wonderin, if a higher power tryna underman When you shoot for the stars, sometimes you gonna jam I ain't been to Summer Jam I learned from Lupe: when you Dumb It Down its just harder to understand 2008, foes is still near me So you can think I'm tight as FUCK, I'm still weary The Geto Boys say its all in the mind Certain wounds only heal over time No shame in my game No pain no gain And since I ain't see a +prophet+ I figured God would stop it Waitin on a alley, niggas just won't lob it Still a risk taker lemme put it in words: Can't steal second base and keep your foot on first Been about 10 years since I was high off the angel Now I'm walkin side by side with an angel In front of my eyes that prize keep gettin dangled But can't grab at it, my pride is being strangled Workin shorty's nerves like a personal trainer But its me, its personal, it ain't her Friends keep tellin me "leave her," I won't Cuz she sees somethin in me that I DON'T And I see somethin in her that ya'll won't If u never been in love don't tell me I'm wrong See I preach gratitude, she keeps an attitude Argue long enough and that shit becomes laughable My norm now since my heart is so natural Wish I could dwell into all them niggas after you So not compatible, that we compatible Its nothin else in this worl that we would rather do Anybody out there relate to my pain? Turn the music up let me know that I'm sane We broke up, bitches was starin' at my chain Dude was fuckin you but starin' at my name But we ain't gotta entertain all that Back like we never left, we overcame all that FUCK who made better tacos or who ass fatter Its different now, right now, none of that matters Keep bringin it up its gon' backlash us Why am I meetin' so many backstabbers? Why whenever I'm bout to crash I go faster? Past is a disaster When your house is see through, learn to close your eyes incase the glass shatters Just sayin, its always a million more pages when my stupid ass keep thinkin I'm on the last chapter No tit for tat, I ain't equipped for that That and New York, chit chat with a Midget Mack Cuz I get older....(trails off) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Mr. Probz Album: Mood Muzik 3: For Better or For Worse Song: I'm Serious (Long Way to Go) Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] Ya mean? (my niggaz, uh) Uh, talk to 'em [DJ On Point - talking over Intro/Chorus] (This shit right here is called Long Way To Go) Featuring Mr. Probz Shout out to Soulsearchin' on the beat [Chorus - Mr. Probz] - w/ ad libs Feet are tired and the pain shows It's such a long way to go now, such a long way to go Gotta be strong by myself now, such a long road My soul's so cold, weak in all my bones But I gotta work hard just to reach my goals Such a long way to go, so many miles left but I'm here now, yeah (DJ On Point) [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Yo, yo, please Lord somethin gotta give (dog) They say for every negative, there's a positive (dog) But I ain't positive, for every buck deposited (dog) We still in the hood, livin like hostages and never mind colleges School of Hard Knocks scholarship, dealin with politics I would just sell success in the store, if I could bottle it But, I ain't a millionaire, won't see me in Forbes son Life is like a +Beach Chair+, when you can afford one (oh!) Ruger loaded, just in case the war come Might as well, everything is comin to the forefront Need a clear head just to think And fuck a +Drink N My 2 Step+ nigga, I'm two steps from a drink The pressure either bust pipes or it make diamonds No matter how high up the mountain, I stay climbin Freedom I keep chancin (oh) So if I fall like Beyoncé, I just get back up and keep dancin [Chorus] - w/ ad libs (Yo Mouse, talk to 'em) [Break - Joe Budden] Never been a goal that I couldn't reach (uh) Never been a lesson I couldn't teach I done been through the World and back Fuck school, I got all the facts All I do is stand tall (stand tall) When they got my back against the wall When it's game time, all we do is ball My niggaz'll be here in one call (one call), one call (one call) When shit get heavy, all I do is pick up the phone Ain't gotta go through nothin alone When shit get heavy, all I do is pick up the phone Ain't gotta walk through this World alone, if I'm on my own [Break 2 - Mr. Probz] Keep on standin on my own two feet Everytime that I cry, when I sweat, when I bleeeeed See nothin can stop me, no nothin except meeeee [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] Uh, let me talk to 'em real quick, la-look, look I'm chasin after pies With bags under my eyes You lookin at my representative mask, it's a disguise And I don't do things like I used to The past is the past (but I'm), I'm presently thinkin about the future Certain niggaz bettin I fall I'm speed joggin through the quicksand, I'm jugglin three medicine balls See I'm comin up, used20to share a room with two cellmates Now I tower over the Devil but this ain't "Hell Date" Long way to go, I see my feet gettin blisters I dare 'em talk to me like Mike Richards Or play Don Imus and think it's cool to disrespect our sisters I guess we got a while 'fore they actually get the picture I think about Virginia Tech, think about Katrina Niggaz that caught Sean Bell slippin with the nina A day before the wedding, safety off the weapon Though all these things play in my head, I keep steppin (oh!) [Chorus] - w/ Joe Budden ad libs [Outro - Joe Budden - talking] That On Top Music! Naw mean? Uh, a uh, uh, Joey Team Jump Off Oh, uh, you in that? Yes! [DJ On Point - talking over Outro] Shout out to mixtrap.com My nigga Burr, Roundtable Management Can't forget my nigga LRM, follow the future The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden  Alvum: Mood Muzik 3 Song: Thou Shall Not Fall Typed by: Nathan2180@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Look I'm on a war path Tell the opposition Naw keep it to your self, I'm my only competitions  But keep the hate coming  I love the criticism  But understand I'm successful by my own admission I never had shit  But a bad bitch  Naw let me stop lying mostly they was average  If you'd say my voice would be heard by the masses  A dust head nigga from jerz I wouldn't grasp it  Questions you can ask it  Teamed up with the classics  Working on a classic, smash hits, and that's it  Maybe niggas thought my knees gonna buckle Newport in my mouth with two g's on the buckle Got more now then them few g's when I hustle Spanish broad with them two d's like I love you  But sexy lady it was nice to know you gotta move on  They can't chink my armor a nigga to strong  I think niggas is shady but the proofs gone I put the jewls on case fools thought it was gone you've been warned [Verse 2] I tried to told dudes way back in 02  That eventually the game would go back to being soul food I mean soulful while everything is woeful  I try to stay fresh like whole foods on the pro tool But Mista F-A-B wanna mention him  Fell the fuck off I won't mention him  Only respect one Fab and I'm friends with him  Phonte back out I guess nigga pumped sense in him  They when in pumped slugs in my little brother  But dog I still love little brother  This other guy ain't know whose dude  Got glued to you tube I hit jin asked him if he digested his food smooth How you beef with Joey did queer with out ears to say he ain't show out of fear Heclif ain't scared of the old me  The nerve of the young fork Yosemite Sam is getting gun hoe  Nigga bank account got one o He could snort lines with his dick and won't come dope  They stringing you along  Don't take it and try to jump rope  Dog this how you know you shouldn't feel glory  Cause I ain't even show and end up being the story I'm sorry  [Verse 3] Mic check I need it to be known  I'm grown I'm on some next shit  I'm thinking oil money, Texas Not a necklace  You gotta to shot at mom dukes Before the techs spit I don't go out looking for drama like the feds did  Music with a message  But I'm no back packer  Some vengefulness in me  But I'm no back stabber  No baller in the strip clubs I'm throwing cash at her  I'm trying to help shorty and her goals attach faster  Was insecure growing up  Niggas laughed at her  Now she things she got some self worth because her ass' fatter  I told her give yourself the hay suss so  Next time that chain you up you can brake through those  Nigga call you out your name mommy break dude nose  Gotta get you where you going might take you slow  Maybe bend  But never let'em make you fold  Except your short coming baby  They gone make you whole  I'm gone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 3 Song: Ventilation Typed by: Nathan2180@hotmail.com [Joe Budden] Time goes by Puffing on lie Hopping that it gets me by Got a nigga going crazy [DJ On Point] We call this on e ventilation [Verse 1] Some niggas wanted to kill me Got locked up and never found me so my goal is to catch a charge in that same county Picture me getting bumped for a silly hand off The bullpens fucked up just as Willie Randolph See I could pop a few nickel plated glocks to It's easier to kill niggas than it is not to I let the pot grew Then the plot grew It the labels job to label you don't fit it and they'll drop you Finally made a move on something I been saw Sometimes you got to lose the fight if you trying to win the war I'm focused on tomorrow I'm done seeing my friends in the rearview thing we really closer than we are Fuck the record label No relation or correlation all my admiration just turned aggravation they say How you sit so long when you spew classics? I tell niggas I can't understand it "that's blue magic" The rap game as is either you on some snap shit Or plan ol' stuck in a different decade like the brat is I hear niggas joints and take it personal WHY Now everybody want to spit about their personal lives Before that was none existent Me I'm an addict with an addition for anything that seems to cause friction Maybe I'm in a relationship with bad Karma What her past the somber maybe I attract drama yeah Undoubtedly my life is on some VH1 shit Just adding some salt and pepper to reality while Other artistes is obsessed with more toys Like lex, coup, beemers, and benz's there lost boys Un I kept brushing off my shoulder till the chip was going Left the benz at the dealers till the kit was on I don't feel niggas songs So while ya'll at the awards I'm loading up on ratches that's the tip I'm on Flow is on acid I swear I would have the game mastered if I wasn't so busy carrying baggage Calling god a bastard Calvin look way different in person then they had him looking in his casket I'm looking in his casket like he had no face I was at a lost for words like fiasco gate So I figured I say a prayer for em got on my knees quick And realized "I DON'T EVER PRAY UNTIL I NEED SHIT" My soul akin trying to stay low maintains I'm stuck in hell waiting on blessing with no patience I done made the ave hot Been had as stab shot Waiting on my jackpot Always been a have not Always been an under dog little guy still try Cause I think I'm a cash cow they treat me like I'm milk dry Juggling nickels and dime I'm walking a fine line Sometimes you got to just breath maybe give time, time Give me a sign kind of shock he won't See I want another baby but my pockets don't Normally that wouldn't bother me Till I wake up and get the paper and read some rich nigga won the lottery Young black and shameless Shorty keep beefing about the same shit almost like yelling her second language Why do I entertain it Listen we been arguing about everything for ages do it ever change shit Wind up igging each other for the whole week It's a lot of men in this world baby you chose me like I chose you We been rocking for years you signed up your not a victim you're a volunteer it weird Not a cheater on occasion still fuck a bitch Who knows why maybe just to be covered I'm me she her we both had enough of it but won't leave We the only ones who put up with it In all areas its like my stocks crashing Wishing all these old motherfuckers would stop rapping Trying to be tasteful Not mad or hateful The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Joell Ortiz Album: Mood Muzik 3: For Better or For Worse Song: Warfare Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [DJ On Point] Warfare, featuring Joell Ortiz (*echo*) (J.O., it's J.O.) (IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT?) [Joe Budden] You're now hearin hip hop at it's finest I'm just criminal minded The Ed Hardy with the fine fit (oh) Track just started, no need to rewind it [Joell Ortiz] Me, I'm bringin fresh air back, I'm rap's hymelic Got 'em all sick is that vomit? Ew you nasty Man I'll smack your skin if you feel you past it [Joe Budden] It's like we lions against Lassies Niggaz ain't nice, they lyin, the flow ass cheek I'm on the beat like Contra POW Steamroll over shit, I'm in a Tonka now This ain't about radio, see I'm beyond the dial But still strong arm a nigga, Pete Konda style (ow) [Joell Ortiz] The inserts of your album put my ganja out That sweeter than the lip gloss on Rihanna's mouth Y'all sleepin, in pajamas on your momma's couch I'm freakin, in the Bahamas throwin condoms out [Joe Budden] Hold up dog, these felons ain't predicates, hands castle delicate Metal spit, leave 'em on the field like Everett (oh) I does my own stunts, like the Jackie Chan movie Mismatch, belt Prada but the pants Louie If you ain't fair to me, then your whole camp sushi Rockin Iceberg when niggaz didn't understand Snoopy Damn moolies, chain of command's ran through me You and your man uzi, +Slow Down+ like Brand Nubie Can't do me, grant to me, like a man groupie If that's the number one pick, then he Sam Bowie And I hate to blow a homie on your mans You ain't Kid Rock, can't box the Tommy with your hands, motherfucker [Joell Ortiz] I was really in the lobby with the grands tryna take guap In the hallway, all day, is or it ain't hot Listen to Hot 9, like what do they got  that I don't, With a blindfold I see everyone they say's hot It's too easy, I'm feelin like I'm a cheater (why?) The flow heavy, your's light like a slice of pita (haha) When moms was pregnant she was lightin reefer That's why I'm nice, in the middle of Alaska I'll write a heater I'm just cool and rough, hoody matchin my Adidas  Pants with the permanent wrinkles like I am Ian Eagle I will make every last one of you guys believers Dudes is all lost, that's my word, I'm playin timer's keeper [Joe Budden] Treat me like a big brother, slash fifth tucker Let the cig snuff you, you a kid, fuck ya Cocked AK, Mayday, listenin to +Dre Day+ Can't call me, dick in the mouth, somethin like Ray J They like Steve Irwin up against the stringray Heat up like ging ray, when somethin with the beans spray [Joell Ortiz] Uh, take a sip of E&J, then a little puff or two Get some butt, then kick out the slut, you's a bugaboo (haha) Weak dressers, in the ring I'm Mr. Wonderful Paul Orndorff, man y'all all soft and huggable Y'all dealin with a pro here, that don't care Y'all stiff and worn out like a closet with old gear And I ain't goin nowhere Producers know I'm the best thing over those snares But you speakers whack, Ortiz I overdose like the needle's packed I be's in a zone, then I give the speakers back [Joe Budden] Hold up Joell, the +Ether's+ back See I'm rap's Larry Johnson, redid my contract, now the Chief is back So blame it on fatigue Have you like Greg Oden, injured before your first game in the league I'm spendin old faces, niggaz took my style Gotta steal my own shit back like O.J. did Might size you and your spouse, have guys go in your house With ridges on the nose of the rifle like OW! POW! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 3: For Better or For Worse Song: Roll Call Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] Sometimes a nigga need theme music (uh huh) Sometimes you gotta set a mood Let's dim these lights in this motherfuckin booth Dim the lights out there too I don't need to see you niggaz too much (Jump Off ...) Can't be Mood Muzik without a mood (it's) But look (it's), look, it's what? (it's that On Top Music) [DJ On Point - talking over Intro] The name of this shit right here is called Roll Call [Chorus - Joe Budden] Niggaz on my left (yeah), niggaz on my right (yeah) Does anybody wanna hear some real shit tonight? (yeah) Real as it'll get (yeah), holster on my hip (yeah) Is anybody tired of that bubble gum shit? (yeah) [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] They say hip hop is dead or on life support Maybe not, that could be somethin I just thought I just ought to jump in, fightin the sport How you expect to be heard, when your mic is off? I would love to go and browse through the Ride Report But ain't a car in that motherfucker I can afford See niggaz tryin to block the road Rather then my label drop "The Growth", they should drop us both (oh) See I could scream Def Jam and what they used to be But that ain't for me to say, that's for you to see (if it ain't) If not Method Man or Redman, Ghostface, Young Gunz Need I say Freeway, the proof is me Still don't believe me, then where's Peedi Peedi? They ain't really givin a fuck unless you Jeezy That's what my mind say Just know if you ain't the President or Kanye, you won't see the time of day [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] I'm so thankful that Come around these parts, we don't crank or snap, we aim and clap (oh!) Used to try to take the average rap fan, show 'em shit (but) But if they close-minded, who am I to open it? Rather spend time with a boujie broad Mean an actress, bad bitch, movie star Shallow bitches, only into jewelry, cars Still fuck with us, though that ain't who we are Soon as my wife gone, they jump on the python They ain't know I'm out to hit and run like Saigon Puttin back the ice on, had it screwed up Finally figured out that hate is the new love But I don't see how you get ahead that way When you team up with Envy like Red Cafe And all that blame is yours (nigga) You tryin to get a chain like floss I'm tryin to get a chain like stores Find me in Jers, line for squeeze work off safety Can't keep calm around these jerks, think beyond these words Treat the hood like MySpace, either become friends with the Tommy first (uh) So get found on the back of an empty carton Spray semi larkins for the bread like Remy Martin Don't mind me, "Last of a Dying Breed" Wanna take rap and bring it back to the '90's +Juicy+ inspired me, +C.R.E.A.M.+ made me angry +Get at Me Dog+ amped me, +Shook Ones+ ain't me I already know it's a tough state to follow When niggaz use to stay up late to watch Apollo Now it's ridiculous, all this shit's frivolous Niggaz ain't Macho Man, they Miss Elizabeth Break a Corona bottle, make me an ill shank Cut a bitch up like Bill Blanks doin still rank [Chorus] - ("that" is replaced with "this" in last line) [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] The media'll say anything to get at you Niggaz is transparent, I'm lookin right past you Henny is a bad dude, talkin 'bout he act rude So my new tattoo is God with a gavel Told baby girl if you wanna seduce me Just know my brain works like a Bonaduce My girlfriend say I use my charm too loosely I tell her I'm too fly to have to con for coochie Hella paper, tell a hater crib got a elevator On the waterfront, so yeah I oughta front Still times I feel like carryin chrome Or cheatin the system like I'm Marion Jones Tryin to +Sing For The Moment+, can't find the note Put the game in a choke hold, can't find his throat Hang with the big dogs, can't find the rope They tell me it's alive, I can't find the pulse, so my [Outro - Joe Budden - talking] Oh, naw don't stop nothin (cocksuckers!) AH! Taha, motherfucker I don't even want shit (you in that mood yet?) Keep my shit on The whole point is fuckin have something to bitch about [DJ On Point - talking over Outro] Shout to whole On Top Webb, Nitti Cokeesi, what up? Shout to my nigga Breezy, I see you Skane Dollar, whole Desert Storm The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Emanny Album: Mood Muzik 3: For Better or For Worse Song: Secrets Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com (How much longer will we suffer from hunger?) (How much longer will we suffer?) [Intro - DJ On Point - talking] (*echo*) Make sure you pay close attention on this joint We call this one Secrets Featuring Emanny Another joint produced by the Klasix ... Shout to On The Low My nigga G, downtown Brooklyn Can't forget mixtapemurder.com, my nigga A.G., what up? Listen up (How much longer will we suffer from hunger?) (How much longer will we suffer from hunger?) (DJ ON POINT) [Joe Budden - talking behind the Intro] (*Emanny harmonizing*) Uh, uh Mic check 1, 2, 1, 2 Y'all in that mood yet? Uh, Joey Uh, uh Yo, yo, yo, yo [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] (*Emanny harmonizes throughout*) Yo, yo Her name was Chyna Doll, real name Sasha Stripped out in Jersey, a regular show stopper (uh) Club hopper, couldn't tell her nada Can't even talk to her, if it ain't about a dollar (can't even talk to her, if it ain't about a dollar) Stayed in the latest, Esay, Gucci, Prada Two kids, no communication with the father (no communication with the father, OH!) She nineteen, lookin like the truth is sickenin (WHAT?) But boo was trickin, to pay school tuition (school tuition) A hourglass figure with the best complexion (with the best complexion) With no ratchet on her, usin sex as a weapon (usin sex as a weapon) Her man's named Jerome (her man's named Jerome) Highschool sweetheart, but just came home for some charges unknown (for some charges unknown) It's probably domestic (probably domestic), he be beatin her ass Chyna still go to work like she be needin the cash Got his name on her ankle Real impolite, I made it rain on her once and bitch (BITCH!) couldn't say 'thank you' (OH!) Call me loose, but you'd fuck shorty too I'm talkin 36, 24, 42 She be at The Pink Tea Cup (be at The Pink Tea Cup) Drunk of Chardonnay and E'd up (E'd up) A +Black Girl Lost+, she need Jesus (she need Jesus) Bisexual, live her life on the brink Newark niggaz used to come through spikin her drink Puttin drugs in her liquor (in her liquor), throwin dubs when they tip her (when they tip her) She high, makin it clap, screamin 'fuck them other niggaz!' (fuck them other niggaz!) High demand on her Jerome type jealous, used to come through clappin at niggaz that put they hands on her (used to come through clappin at niggaz that put they hands on her) Cause of the insanity, fired her from Fantasies (cause of the insanity, fired her from Fantasies) Every man's fantasy, sufferin from vanity (every man's fantasy, sufferin from vanity, OH!) I 'member she went broke for a short stint So she started fuckin niggaz just to pay her rent (so she started fuckin niggaz just to pay her rent) Started fuckin anybody that would get her bent (anybody that would get her bent) Frequentin hotels and cars with dark tints (frequentin hotels and cars with dark tints) But she never home, in the world fulfillin her greed It's a disease, grandmother takin care of her seeds Now everybody she be with (she be with), keep gettin her weeded (keep gettin her weeded) She dropped out of school, felt it was no longer needed Low self-esteem, a broken home and shattered dreams Got Chyna comin out of her jeans Get money by any means, wearin anything that's skin tight Pretties up the outside, to cover up what's inside That one time bad bitch (dog), don't even look average Borrows her friend's clothes, no more money for Saks Fifth (for Saks Fifth) Jerome proposed, now they awaitin marriage (awaitin marriage) Little did he know how many niggaz had smashed it (whoa, whoa, oh, HO!) Dre used to pipe her, them two was creepin It was more than just beatin, I'm guessin he really liked her (guessin he really liked her) Dre got a girl, maybe not with the label See her name is Faith, but he ain't never been faithful (never been faithful) She used to get raiseful, yellin out 'I hate you!' (I hate you!) Been with him since he was broke and he ain't grateful (he ain't grateful) Now the nigga's able, financially stable (financially stable) But she turned the tables, went and got some other mates too (went and got some other mates too) That never stopped her from rummagin through his shit Dre neglectin home, fuckin around with this bitch Takin her on vacas, pick her up for late stays Spent his whole check on her damn near every pay day Already fought 'rome when he caught Dre at the strip club Chyna givin him a lap dance, gettin her tits rubbed Zipper down like he just finished gettin his dick sucked 'Rome threw his fists up, but Dre couldn't give a fuck (OH!) Security kicked 'em out, speakers blastin DJ Unk I saw Jerome runnin over towards his trunk But Chyna came and stopped it, before Jerome popped it Dre ain't learn nothin, kept creepin, he ain't stop shit (he ain't stop shit) I tried to talk to him, he ain't heed the message She lookin sickly skinny, exceedin anorexic Coughin every minute (OH!), which to me kind of hinted (OH!) If you gon' have ya cape on, nigga take her to the clinic (nigga take her to the clinic) But he don't want to listen and no he never told me He bring that bitch everywhere, treat her like a trophy I know dude, I already know that when he go fuck her He wide open, he divin in, no rubber (no rubber) I seen this shit comin, call me a psychic (call me a psychic) He tryin keep tabs on her, bought her a Sidekick (bought her a Sidekick, OH!) See every other night, pick her up in that Hybrid (pick her up in that Hybrid) You got a girl nigga, at least do it in private (at least do it in private) I mean he really treatin Chyna like a fly chick (like a fly chick) Talkin dirty to her like 'Damn, love how you ride dick' (damn, love how you ride dick, OH!) She be on top screamin, 'Daddy, how you like it?' (OH!) But not long after found out he had the virus (OH!) Now he's heated, anger's deep seeded (anger's deep seeded) He thinks she runnin 'round, fuckin with this deep secret (fuckin with this deep secret) Not even thinkin about her man or her kids Dre turned around and took her life for takin his (oh) And I ain't mad at you for spendin a few chips I thought you knew better than wifin that loose bitch You never heard 'don't lay your head, where you shit?' You got your shovel out, dug yourself a huge ditch Dumb motherfucker, now you facin two bids And can't even run from the law, you too sick (and can't even run from the law, you too sick) Jerome wasted no time findin where dude live He came in blazin that fifth in dude's ribs That's two individuals gone for God's sake Jerome went to jail three days after her wake Dre's girl at home, in shock, she can't believe it Wishin she would've told him about her big, big secret [Outro - Joe Budden - talking] (*Emanny harmonizing*) People ... Uh, On Top Y'all in that mood yet? On Top Maybe y'all ain't hear me Uh, On Top, uh Y'all in that mood yet? On Top I don't think they understand me (I don't think they understand me) Let the guitars rock out (let the guitars rock out) Listen again If I went to fast, maybe you listenin to slow On Top Ya heard? (ya heard?) Dumb motherfuckers [DJ On Point - talking behind Outro] (*echo*) Shout out to Hot Wax Jamaica Avenue Can't forget themixgame.com The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 3: For Better or For Worse Song: Send Him Our Love Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Stack Bundles] - w/ ad libs Listen, if you listen to this it's evidence you tryin to figure out if I'm dude (word, uh huh) Or maybe somebody told you I'm that dude (word, uh huh) Or maybe you one of the few that disagree with me And got your own views about who's really that dude  Well (uh huh), the South movement got ten months left (ten months left) And come Valentine's Day the game will merge to the West (uh huh) And I feel it's absurd that the East is the sellin the less (uh huh) Screamin 'New York. New York', the pioneers supposed to be the best (uh huh) You blame it on the vets for our current state of the game (uh huh) They won't retire, so the generation just remain the same (uh huh) A bunch of oppurtunists that was givin oppurtunity (uh huh) To make a difference in music but gave no oppurtunity (uh huh) Nothin new or fresh, it's just the same ass sound (uh huh) Same old producers, with the same ass sound (uh huh) Up and comin artists got identity crisis (uh huh) Cause whenever you you, the labels turn you away (uh huh) But when you me you think of a way To cast the criticism aside get on a track, say what the fuck you wanna say (uh huh) The radio's goin to play, whatever the listeners say they should And not what the listeners say they should (uh huh), indeeed they should Indeed I should, SMACK a few niggaz like Suge! (uh huh) But then there they'll blackball me And that's a long story (uh huh), no crossover so I wrote the +Crossover+ But if the album sell out, I'd be considered a sellout The fans keep askin 'when's the album goin to come out?' Ask your local execs, I'm out  [DJ On Point - talking] (*echo*) We call this one Send Him Our Love Rest in peace to Stack Bundles [Chorus 1 - Sample from "Send Her My Love" by Journey] I still recall A sad cafe How it hurt so bad to see her cry I didn't want to say goodbye [Joe Budden - talking behind the Chorus] Uh I know you up there doin it big (DJ ON POINT) [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Look, what up Ray? Was speechless, I ain't know what to say Got the call like at 8 AM, with Nate sayin (what?) You had passed away, I'm like why niggaz stay playin? Your myspace page playin, it started my day achin (OH!) It hit me like a tumor, felt like it was too soon to Thought it was a rumor, until it wasn't a rumor Can't believe that it's over (what?) But if God called you, I ain't even mad at him, he must of needed a soldier (yeah) I was like your mentor, you was like my friend, nah When I seen you, I would treat you like my kin and more (yo) We used to scream 'fuck these niggaz!' like Tim Dog (fuck these niggaz, like Tim Dog) You was the only rap nigga (only rap nigga), I would fend for (oh) Was fiendin for beats, stuck between your dream and the streets You just wanted to be seen as elite Cause you loved Far Rock like I love Jersey, so I feel ya (what?) But love somethin too much, guarantee it'll kill ya For real a (OH!) [Chorus 2 - Sample from "Send Her My Love" by Journey] Send him my love, memories remain Send him my love Roses never fade Send him my love, memories remain Send him my, send him my love [Joe Budden - talking behind Chorus] - w/ ad libs Know what I mean? I remember we was in the studio doin Doin +You Know What'll Happen+ (you know what'll happen) It was me, you and Cau  You told me to keep my verses sixteen I said 'you know I can't do that!'  I went ahead and gave 'em mad bars, you was mad as fuck You went and tried to stretch your shit out, I wasn't havin it though nigga (It, it's that On Top Music!) [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] Look, Riot Squad keep your head up (oh!) Remember we would diss each other on tracks, laugh about it when we met up I'm lookin in your casket, prayin a nigga get up (prayin a nigga get up) For a minute, I couldn't help but think that you was set up (dog) No matter who you are, you got to answer when the Lord callin (Lord callin) I told you go and fuck with Jimmy, that's before +Ballin+ (before +Ballin+) Go get your cash right, hard to slow down livin the fast life I just heard you on Flex show last night (congratulations) Like was it old beef or was you gettin stuck up? A line outside your funeral, Ran was really fucked up (Ran was really fucked up) And I was too but the difference is (but the difference is) I was more in awe at the ignorant value of life that livin gets (I talked to 'em) Pulled the burner on you, but you fought that dude (OH!) I read the paper, it said the pigs caught that dude (like yesterday) It's sad another black man, taken by a black hand Wish your last night in the club, we could have saved your last dance God damn! [Chorus 2] [Joe Budden - talking behind Chorus] - w/ ad libs I remember like I remember we was in Cancun That was my first time out there in Cancun Me and you was rollin together  You talkin about 'where the bitches, where the bitches, where the bitches at?' Like nigga I don't know, you supposed to be "The Gorgeous Gangster" Don't ask me nothin, I don't speak no Spanish I love you nigga [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] I know the kids really need you (dog) I keep tellin 'em, Pac wanted to sign you (or) and Big wanted to see you (or) Pun wanted to cypher (or) L wanted you to bring some of that good kush up and get a little higher (oh) Go and help Jam Master J get the crowd hyper (or) Or maybe Freaky Tah switched up and needed a rider (or) Maybe Aaliyah single up there and need a rider Know you and Rick James would set the studio on fire (fire!) You in a better place up there at the pearly gates You could be "The Gorgeous Gangster" and niggaz won't hate (niggaz won't hate) Some niggaz tapped the bottle, pour out a little Hennessy I'm in the clouds, screamin "Squad Up" in your memory (oh) [Chorus 2] [Outro - Joe Budden - talking behind Chorus] I remember when you called me that day, I think you was in Far Rock And you had some bitch in your car and your car broke down And you called me talkin about  'Do I got AAA and shit?' I'm like 'nah, but at least that answer your question' And you like 'what question?' I'm like 'well, I just heard a song of your's talkin about you wanted to know why she won't stay with you And she want go ride with a G' Haha, I love you nigga Uh, and rest in peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Suzy Q Album: Mood Muzik 3: For Better or For Worse Song: Star Inside of Me Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] (Suzy Q) (A staaaarrr) Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh One two, one two (Is inside of meeeee) One two, one two Uh, uh, uh Nod ya head, if you want clap ya hands to it It's just music, you feel like it dance to it Uh, uh, come on [DJ On Point - talking over Intro] (*echo*) Name of this record right here is called Star Inside Shout to Dub B on the beat Let's go [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] If you feel like I feel it's all love, what up? Now throw ya motherfuckin fingers in the air, (oh), yeah Mr. On Fact, here to do it like on fact, this ain't about rap If you ain't come to feel good, we gonna do it without you Too low, turn the music louder, yeah Turn the music loud in here You understand that what y'all about to hear Feelin myself, homie what? See I'm a leader, won't show me up Nah, see they won't slow me down, won't slow me up Sky's the limit, 'til I die and I'm in it But that's not the case tonight Pop a case tonight Like whatever you want do, it's okay tonight See 'cause all of that salt we gon' shake tonight Now bring the break aight [Chorus - Suzy Q] - w/ ad libs I'm just tryin to be me 'Cause there's only one me Strip away materials and seriously These things don't make me Nothin can break me I shine because a star is inside of me [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] (Suzy Q) I write Mood Muzik, know a lot of you ain't used to Jot my life on wax, I'm puttin you through it No lies, it's all truth to it Do the music 'cause it's (inside of me) [okay] Fans wanted the real, I went and gave it to 'em I'm not a street nigga, nah just relate to 'em I just relay through 'em Show the way to 'em, never fake to 'em, that ain't (inside of me) [hold up] Don't be afraid, show the World who you are Go and show the World you a star [you could] Reach to the stars, go ahead show the World that it's ours And then the World'll know that it's (inside of me) 40 acres and a mule to, 40 K's on the Mueller See I'm just thinkin of ways to get my dudes up They use to say we was losers I beg to differ, that ain't me, now [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Break - Suzy Q - talking] Give it to 'em Joe Give it to 'em Joe Give it to 'em Joe (You got it) [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] (Suzy Q) They say if you don't stand for nothin, you'll fall for anything 'Cause of that there, I see the whole game on the ground Watchin what works, we all chasin a hit Instead of takin a risk, so we changin our sound now Now we all chase jewels, big trucks and income All that and then some, chase whatever trend come [but] At least 'til the trend's done [but] But that don't change within none [yeah] And I'm not sayin to not have a Benz son Rings that shiny, whatever things' timely Those things help to unwind me [but] But naw those things don't help define me Aim at the basics, aim you can make it 'Cause even when the whole game seems tainted I'm a star without the chains and the bracelets 'Cause that fly shit is (inside of me) [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Outro - Suzy Q - singing] A glow is comin from my heart Open yours and find a star (Hey!) ... (Hey!) [DJ On Point - talking over the end of the Outro] (*echo*) Shout to my nigga NYCEO Mixtapehype.com Can't forget my nigga D.C., Central Station Out in Long Island DJ On Point, Joe Budden, Mood Muzik 3 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 3: For Better or For Worse Song: Still My Hood Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com  [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] See like People can't relate to it, don't understand it Cause they ain't never been there, they ain't from there I understand it [DJ On Point - talking over last line of Intro] (*echo*) As we wrap this shit up We call this one +Still My Hood+ [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Even though they hate 'em (oh), even though when a nigga try to make a come up (It's a), it's another nigga waitin just to run up Though they sellin rocks for shorts And every night around twelve you hear them shots go off (talk to 'em) And know niggaz is rats, some boys is wired And the food in the supermarket's all expired (whoa) Every block's a liquor store, an abandoned building Drunk parents at the liquor store abandonin children (let's go) Though the sky seems gray, we'll get through the weather And even though they fill our grade schools with metal detectors Some cops is crooked and police indecent And you can catch a body up the street from the precinct Though we got a lot of shit wrong, a lot of shit goin on Gotta love it, this the place I was born, so I sit here dedicatin this song This is still my hood [Chorus - Joe Budden] - w/ ad libs Now everywhere I roam, though they keep the chrome, it's no place like home This is still my hood And it's far from fine, I may like other places but they far from mine Gotta love my hood And I only know one place that be like that, if I ever leave, trust  I'll be right back It's my hood It may not be good, it may not be like it should But let me get one thing understood, this is still my hood [DJ On Point - talking over Chorus] Shout to Wyks on the beat Can't forget NV, what up nigga? [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] You know they got them Macs out until ya time's up And the barbers'll fuck ya line up (this is still my hood) Hold up 'cause even though You can't meet a girl ain't fucked a nigga you know (gotta love my hood) This the same place you can't get a job They look at you, like you young and you black get the fuck out of dodge (fuck out of here) Get a gun, get some crack, feel like that's our only op' Tell ourselves we'll fall back as soon as that money stop (oh!) They feast on ya watch (and) And dudes stand on the corner like if life passes us by at least we  wanna watch (talk to 'em) Clowns get extorted (whoa), gangstas get recorded (whoa) Mami don't know if she should keep it or abort it (get rid of it) Cops you'll never will catch me, I'm aware all my warrants And I'm not goin down (naw), naw that's not goin down (nah) Carjackings, shootouts is imperial here And I dare you find a ratchet with the serial, yeah Though you might have to raise ya gun, just to raise ya sums This ain't the place you want to raise ya son (never that) A few dudes'll argue about they favorite rapper Other dudes sit and think of different ways they could yak ya Don't take it personal, it's just the paper they after So I keep mine on me, just in case I might have to and still no other place that I'd rather Gotta love my hood [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] If you've never been, you can't really know about it (naw) System's fucked up, the jails is overcrowded (whoa) Murder rates is up and as a matter of fact A couple of close friends of mine have added to that And I rate nothin above it, I know it seems odd but I hate it and I love it (naw) Naw, I hate that I love it (yeah, yep) The same things that seem to get me always pissed As soon as I leave, I always miss, it's always like this So small, everybody knows everybody It's body after body, it's robbery after robbery Hookers on the strip, some girls'll be a ho We got a few local legends, I guess the world'll never know From Jers to Little Rock, the hood'll never die down B-More, D.C., Compton, Chi-Town, New York to VA, ya town's like my town Let's go [Chorus] - 2X - w/ ad libs [Outro - Joe Budden - talking] Whoa! This goes out to everybody in every hood man no matter where ya at, where ya from New Orleans, Mississippi Vancouver, London, T. Dot Wherever you at, I don't even care man (*fades out*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 3 Song: 4 Walls Typed by: FirstLineRhyme@gmail.com [computer typing] [Intro over Chorus] See, me? I'm talkin' bout somethin called...somethin' I like to call "it" Ain't really got a name fro it Only certain niggas suffer from this shit Talkin' bout niggas that got like, niggas that got like a 6th sense Sometimes you see shit that ain't there Sometimes you hear shit ain't no body said nothin' Sometimes you think you somewhere and you really somewhere totally different It's almost like you hallucinating But you sober, you ain't high. No drugs and nothin' like that Sometimes you can BE high. Talkin' bout like, some paranoia or some shit Four walls, they surround me. Loneliness has found me I'm waiting for you to return. Open the door, walk right on in Darling let's start all over again [Joe Budden] Look. I don't give a fuck again Thoughts in my head, lookin' like a nigga stuck with them Wishing it abruptly ends. But God woke him up again Everything is seeming so unfair. So unclear Tryin' to reach out no one's there Four walls tell em go run where no one cares Screamin' this too shall pass ridin' on fumes without gas, bills pilin' up without cash Tryna maintain and outlast Pray for me, keep tellin' niggas patiently wait for me Keep tellin haters wait and see, I'm really tryna fill a vacancy Been a long time it's taking me. Muhhfuckas keep mistakin' me Mistakenly, cagin' me. Niggas never had no faith in me Just a few pennies from dead I got no identity left, victim of idenity theft Problems never knew, it's revenue. Keep blamin' em it's never you Keep tellin' baby girl I'm gonna leave and never do Cause even when a nigga needs space, When you lookin' for a little leeway Somebody puts it on replay, it's like it gets louder with each day Pray [Chourus] Four walls, they surround me. Loneliness has found me I'm waiting for you to return. Open the door, walk right on in Darling let's start all over again [Joe Budden] Look, look. I'm tryna keep it formal now. But the pressure's on him now I'll go ahead and warn you now, I'm tryna come across as normal now All my life, I've been called insane. Looked at as if I'm strange Can't tame em. Can't blame em for lookin' at me as if I can't change With that said still I'm a rise. Though I keep it still in lies Go ahead reveal your disguise, maybe that'll kill the surprise Sometimes I feel deprived. Startin' when the guilt arrives I noticed that the hills have eyes. When you on a heels of demise And your man's on a ledge. Niggas tamperin' with my head Hangin' head in the Phantom. Phantom's in my head Can't escape, figured I'd be a candidate I ain't gotta upper-hand to date. Can't be fate Must think that I can handle weight. See, I'm thinkin of mansions, lakes I was thinkin' Mandalay. Thinkin' I'd expand my stay That's just the chance I'll take Bow to my knees so the crowd appease, put em in the mouth of the beast Crazy they didn't make him out to be I'm just tryin' to make it out at least. Please [Refrain] [Outro over Chorus] See what I'm talkin bout, they ain't really got terms for shit I'm talkin 'bout I know they just diagnosed me with this shit. Like a, like a early age or shit I don't mean four walls literally, nothin' like that Four walls, I'm talkin' bout.. Ain't no windows. Ain't no sunlight. Ain't even a door No locks, no nothing. Ain't gettin' outta that shit You just try and get stuck I'm talkin' bout four walls in ya head baby I know a nigga like me I been talkin' about a niggle like me for a long time Fucked up out here Can't even escape We gon get em (haha) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 3: For Better or For Worse Song: 5th Gear Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] Mic check, mic check Mic check, mic check Ah, yeah Y'all know who it is, taha Oh! Uh, Uh, uh, uh It's, it's, it's that On Top Music! [DJ On Point - talking over Intro] (*echo*) Let's keep this shit goin We call this one 5th Gear Shout to whole Play Big Entertainment Crystal, Curtis, I see you DJ On Point, Joe Budden, Mood Muzik 3 [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Look, come and cruise with me I'm good in any hood, no matter who's with me My mind on +Gettin Money+, bumpin new 50 Or my mind was off music, 'til Clue hit me And told me keep it on the booth strictly (oh!) So I step in, watchin my surroundings and my settings Then I let the Percocet set in Rough year, lost five of my homeboys I ain't worried 'bout it, y'all alive (y'all alive), just home boy I feel like I'm the last real nigga left (or) Maybe all the real niggaz just left (come on) We growin extinct, we like dinosaurs There's only a few exceptions, so minus y'all (uh) The greatest rapper alive (uh), is wearin suits and ties (uh) So you got a bunch of whack niggas sayin they him Used to be if you strive for somethin you could achieve it Now just say shit, these niggaz'll believe it (AH!) I'm done screamin out "Jump Off rules!" Lost my girl, broke all of my Jump Off rules Kept fuckin the side chick, so a nigga lied more Picked her up in the woman's car, that I ride for her Creepin, I would hide more (oh) Got confused as to who I'm 'sposed to fight for (oh) I can't even blame the jump, it was my fault (why?) 'Cause I gave her the gun and she killed the only bitch I would die for (AH!) So the noise is called for When you goin through T's type of Pain dog, ya voice gets altered (OH!) Know it's hard to stay calm, gonna need State Farm When you fuckin with a con no, not Akon (let's go!) I'm high off life, a walkin napalm Fastballs comin at 'em from a Dice-K arm (from a Dice-K arm) Ridin suspended L No wonder I'm on fire, I already been through Hell So, when the the World's against you well Naw, I never snitch but I'll let the pencil tell I suffer from wrong thinkin (so?) So I avoid straitjackets and the bitch that dumped Sean Kingston (uhh) Better they respect you than to fear you I learnt that +Staring At The World In My Rearview+ But come get me cocksucker, I dare you Rather box a felon than a nigga that's fearful (Understand somethin) Want a clear view, without a clear view I put the wall up but thoughts just tear through God I hear you, givin me a earful (but) But I'm a cruise in 5th gear until I'm near you (DJ On Point) (oh!) Eye of a Tiger, naw a Sniper with great aim I won't be another great slain (nigga!), takes flames, embrace pain Ask Eddie Griffin, you gon' lose everytime goin up against a freight train (AH!) Niggaz bleed like us, we in the same World Keep the Patrón comin, try and make the day hurl (oh) It's a few niggaz checkin out my chain pearls Go ahead, try and lift somethin that you can't curl Far from "Wayne's World" If life's a bitch, it ain't just R. Kelly and Ush' fuckin the +Same Girl+ (nope) O.G. swag, walk got a limp in it It's my World, everybody's payin rent in it I left Jersey, I took flight on 'em Dudes tried to take the crown, (dog) didn't look right on 'em (naw!) How you gon' fuck with a crook, heist warn 'em? Play Vanilla Ice, I get Suge Knight on 'em Meanest Porsches, gleamin crosses Came from Queens to restore this, deemed it in orbit When the red carpet rolled out, that mean it's bosses Don't get it fucked up, we had fiends before this (oh) My third eye sharp, so keen it's gorgeous (oh) I've seen it all, even Halloween in August (talk to 'em) Gun in my hand The game used to make you sell ya soul, now it gotta come with a dance I'm on the clear view (whoa!), without a clear view (oh!) I put the wall up but thoughts just tear through (oh!) God I hear you, givin me a earful But I'm a cruise in 5th gear until I'm near you (AH! oh!) [Outro - Joe Budden - talking] Uh, it's, it's, it's that On Top Music [DJ On Point - talking over Outro and until the end] Shout to my nigga Ferris Bueller Can't forget Hip Hop Heaven out in Iowa My nigga Dame Philly in Miami The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Emanny Album: Mood Muzik 3: For Better or For Worse Song: Invisible Man Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com (And you know why his name is On Point 'cause he on point pussy) [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] Uh, cheah Ah, ah, ch-cheah Taha Ah, ah, ah Goin, goin, go [DJ On Point - talking over Intro] (*echo*) As we continue on The name of this joint right here is called Invisible Man Featuring Emanny, shout to Chemo on the beat Shout to mixtapekings.com [Chorus - Emanny] - w/ ad libs Can anybody out there hear me? I feel like my voice is lost 'Cause I know the whole World can't see me, close to just fallin off But with everything I am, I still find a way to stand and keep movin While I'm here so strong and still, like I'm invisible [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] When I'm alone in my room, sometimes I stare at the wall With the phone off, near a withdrawal Got a paranoia problem, so I'm known to keep a trigger round y'all B.I.G. told me they be prayin for a nigga +Downfall+ I'm vacationin on a beach with no sand (and, oh!) Tryin to check the time on a clock with no hands (what else?) Feel like I'm gettin close but I'm nowhere near it (AH!) I touch it but don't feel, listen but don't hear it (OH!) Starin out a project window under mad stresses Me and my mental got two different addresses One's national, Trump International, rational One is still stuck on the Avenue (oh) If you don't understand, fine (but my) My body's playin hinds with the mind, tryin to escape a landmine Revamped, designs I search but can't find Recant times when the future was a tan line (oh!) Damn, shit was much brighter then Now it's just vitamins mixed in with Vicodin If they gonna set you up to lose, why try to win? 'Cause a scar don't stop nothin on a Viking's skin So niggaz can come after me Even "Intelligent Hoodlums" become Tragedies (they become tragedies) I move in silence, the Jadakiss of Jers (why?) So when it come to Benjamins I don't say a word, ya heard? [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] See I can ball in the cufflinks Step out, tear down the party and the club scene But I think it's obscene, the lifestyles of the rich and shameless I pick anonymity over being famous From the start, even if they don't see it, I play a part Rather than sell a record, rather do it from the heart I rather put me before y'all I know niggaz might call it self-centered, I call that bein smart So I stand behind mics, not even worried about the limelight That'll manifest when the time's right If I was Kanye, I wouldn't have these problems (but then) But then I'd have Kanye's problems (cheah) Blessed with everything they ever fronted on the planet But loot's the only thing I ever wanted on the planet Back on that canvas, just lost my bandwidth Granted, I'm a always counter, granite I been where you tryin to go, the God said it So eggin me's not strong-minded, it's hard-headed Thought I was on the right route, tacklin the game 'Til they handcuffed my mouth, put the shackles on my brain Popular stranger, gone but still here Handicap my career, I put it in a wheelchair Let's keep the deal fair, nothin but real here (so!) Amazed after all these years I still care, it's weird [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [DJ On Point - talking over Chorus] (*echo*) Shout to Amadu, Junior My nigga Mitch Mitchell out in Vegas DJ On Point, Joe Budden, Mood Muzik 3 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik III: For Better, Or For Worst? Song: Talk 2 'Em Typed by: brooklyntova@yahoo.com (Yo, Yo) How many Mc's must get dissed? How niggas still think they can still fuck with the kid? (OOO) I guess I moved up in the world, duke is not happy take it as my success throwing shots at me (Talk 2 Em!) gotta calm the lions, tame shooters gotta catch a new body with the same ruger we don't spit the same mucas (Naw!) I'm a boss and you not, shit the even tried to kill Frank Lucas (Talk 2 Em!) so nigga if I die tomorrow, you ain't gotta ask why tomorrow dog I done con the likes of niggas you shouldn't con with made bons with niggas you shouldn't bond with (Talk 2 Em!) Im sick world in my palm shit re-peated convict while the dogs trying to con Vick, shit I guess what im tryin say, is niggas die running like Ryan Shay (Talk 2 Em!) all the Lean Me niggas, got high hopes call them Dream Team niggas gin is in my blood is a king gene nigga I make you appear to be whatever I feel like Green Screen niggas (Talk 2 Em!) so go and get suped off words, maybe do it for Jerz maybe dudes disturbed (Talk 2 Em!), maybe dudes no go, maybe dudes bezerked so when I pull up in a tank maybe you deserve (Me!) (Talk 2 Em!) I get into dudes character defects, before your deal you was a character reject humble pie when you see a character regress fuck ya tape homie, I pass it up, eject (Talk 2 Em!) time to seperate the real from the lies the hills have eyes, but when the hill of ya demise I reveal at the skies in a hot Ferrari its a new Joe in town and its not Girardi (Talk 2 Em!) Look, turn pink her face getting her Cam on In the club man on, freak gettin her jam on Hands on trying to put her hands on the ice cause its Saw part 4 dog, big enough to stand on (Talk 2 Em!) when did rappers start acting this fly say you top 5, they'll grab it and ride, but i'm humble so even though I Am Legend, I can say Will Smith's the best rapper alive (Talk 2 Em!) When they tell you, your doing ya thing they taking your tampon out and pulling the string How the fuck you a thug when you stay shook nigga? more like a school boy, a facebook nigga (Talk 2 Em!) Im just straving this can't be greed Im not a drug lord, don't nobody hand me keys Gotta drop a few branches off my family tree raised my sons all wrong, yes i'm Andy Reid it's me (Talk 2 Em!) I can't put the jewels on without no chrome I can't rock these Ice Cream's without the Cold Stone's Im so focused, get on some long nose shit and ill have the goons surround you on some Rose shit (Talk 2 Em!) the more I get into, streets or instrumentals bum ass niggas remind me of Mr. Wendal Me, on the horizen, I've been trying to bring pies in more dudes then Verizon behind them (Talk 2 Em!) bunch of generals behind me, Im the crew chief busting off my Ricky Davis, thats the new Heat Ive come clean about me and its a damn shame only Religions im into is a brand name (Talk 2 Em!) Campaign going full thortal like a race feeling Funkdafied get a bottle to the face Face, for you times is rough too (WHY?) cause aint nobody buying ya albums but you (Talk 2 Em!) from the sounds of everything I hear you lost it still rap aight, but ya peers exhausted fuck ya bunch of money, put ya ego to the side and maybe its time to study ya understudy (Talk 2 Em!) I mean, are we hustling or are we grown up? everytime I hear you, you changing ya tone up when the new generation think about Jordan all they remember is when Iverson crossed him (Talk 2 Em!) take off the blazer, lossing up the tie nigga fell in love and superman died better learn to cover ya ears when the toys pop I hate ya last single (pause) Boys Roc can we hear some new niggas with promise? the new generation won't forget you we promise we'll always pay homage but let's get one thing understood son every Encore ain't a good one! (Talk 2 Em!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Halfway House Song: On My Grind Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] Uh, can't even really be rap You can't even really act like you gotta get it in without a, uh (Wait a minute), yeah! Cocksuckers! (oh yeah), pause, hahaha (Uh, mic check one two, one two) - 4X It's ya man, Joey! Reportin live from the slums (wait a minute!) Reportin live from the belly of the beast (wait a minute!) Reportin live from a hood near you (it's, it's) Or maybe not so near you Now, l-look, look [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] First off, I'm not competin, I'm more like stampedin, I'm more like steamrollin (or) More like puttin my foot on the neck of the game until I see it chokin I hold on for dear life (I mean, uh), the flow is air tight and the bars are bar none Regarded as the one, fuck music, it's a art to son Let's rewind, see, I was born in the projects, left for a new hood Jetted to a new state, lookin for a new pace Diamond in the rough, I stood out amongst the fugaz' Swear a friend a mine headlined every news page (cheah), with dreams of bein wealthy You now checkin out the New Jersey version of Peter Petrelli But wait, with a little Travis Barker on the side 'Cause when it all falls down, I normally survive I'm tryin to see a new tax bracket, so I'll never have to grab 'matics I ain't concerned with no rap racket (ah!) So y'all could take my name through the mud and drag it Spread it to the masses, (I'm a), I still play it passive (yeah!) I got no choice but walk around with the lead on me Life is way too short, too many dead homies (or) Plus with all the money I invest, everyday a nigga die for less (so) So if a nigga wanna go to war, wave hi to death I mean he lives right next to me, so he ain't a threat to me [Chorus] (Joe Budden) - w/ ad libs He's a beast, he's a monster, he is insane He's an animal, he cannot be tamed What rapper you know, that straight feast on a lame And rock on a track, beast on the game (Damn right I'm on my grind Look like some shit is on my mind) - 2X [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] I'm still livin life in the fast lane (oh!) Still plottin on my big money scheme like he Wesley and Woody thinkin  how to rob a cash train Shittin on hoes that'll act vain 'Til the whole world know his last name (wait a minute!) Still spit like it ain't no tomorrow It ain't over y'all, underrated so I overcharge Old Dodge, radio off, fuck a station Get to know me through the music, not a publication (nah) It's no justification, (but a), I mean enough with the waitin (I mean I) I lost all my trust and my patience That came without the crown or the chair or the robe Nigga, I don't care what you sold (wait a minute!) They let the beast out of the cage, look at the hunger Got yourself into some shit, look at the plunger I'm talkin 'cause I'm livin it (oh!) Entrepreneur Steve Rifkind shit, though a few haters wanna hinder it I'm comin with some different shit And these offices all about my paper, that's that Dunder Mifflin shit Rapper on 'roids, sick with the thoughts (but) But managed to keep my name out the Mitchell Report See I'm a, inspiration for a whole generation Even when I'm gone but my message in syndication Then you too can attain the unattainable (but) But fuck tryin to explain the unexplainable [Break - Joe Budden - talking] Nigga, fuck Uh, done talkin to these niggaz Nahmean? Who the fuck am I to try to explain some shit to niggaz? I ain't no fuckin professor or nothin, I ain't a teacher I ain't one of the old heads that get high and just start kickin knowledge Fuck niggaz! Get your own experience nigga Don't lean on me [Chorus] - w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Heartbreak Album: Halfway House Song: Overkill Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Heartbreak] Be advised, this kid is on his grind If greatness is what you seek I'm the nigga you will find (me!) I'm lyrically inclined - rap's like tacklin fish  with no hook, you can't get 'em on the line Given a little time, Jersey City will prevail The writtens I'm spittin sound like I'm fishin for a whale (uh-huh) Of course I'm sicker, my flow off the Richter I'm forcin niggaz to get a bigger scale I gotta excel, so I sell X You're like Nextel, who you gon' tell next? (who?) Can't grind off packs cause y'all watchin 'em I ain't see a dime off rap cause y'all droppin 'em I go hard on tracks, ain't get a buck from it And as far as rats I hope the fucks plummet (fall) I like to mix karate with gunplay So all you dumb chumps get nunchucked to gun-butted The opposite of what y'all embrace The game wants lames that'll march in place Uh, one of the last from the Garden State that spit like he in a jungle goin hard with apes (nigga) [Joe Budden] L-look, look Comin up, used to grab the pound for a dollar Overseas, now prefer the pound over the dollar Fuckin with that water you get drowned somethin proper He act like an inmate but sound like a scholar I mean - hoppin out, chain danglin, poker grill Sober still, except for an occasional dose of pills Show the steel, all of it 'til it's overkill For Oprah bills I'll turn this bitch into Cloverfield! (nigga) I understand why niggaz ain't tryin to bond with me (why?) Fresh as a fuck, e'ry day is like the prom for me Rappers ain't fond of me, FRRUCK them, my mom should be The game's fixed anyway - and you could ask Tim Donaghy I'm on some all kinda weed, sleep where the piranhas be And honestly (f'real) I'm e'rything dudes be tryin to be I get money and haul off (now) While they at rock bottom, the poor guys can't even fall off (Joey!) I'm all Spartan, avoid the four sparkin Cause e'rything is funny 'til a nigga's George Carlin Not greedy, I just want a portion of the fortune If all rappers do is record, why would I call 'em? Look, I ain't heard of that (nah) And these haters +Killin' Me Softly+ but I don't mind takin on Roberta's Flack I'm known to 1-8-7, murder tracks Go and tell whoever wan' know the king of Jers' is back! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Halfway House Song: Check Me Out Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com (*Samples from "Silly Love Song" by Enchantment plays throughout*) [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] (*echo*) Check me out right here Nahmean? Old school Old school niggaz used to be like What they used to be like? "Check me out now" What other ad-libs these old niggaz used to say? I don't know but fuck it Look [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Now let me ask you a question Who are you? Where you from? What you reppin? Is every bar about a burner or a weapon? And now he all gassed up by his bredren (what?) Some tell me that my music is depressin (but a) But, best rapper in the world, I was destined Jumpoff! Must be the exception (I mean a) Am I the only one that's progressin in a recession? (listen) They tell me trickin ain't trickin if you got it I never heard more false words spoken So (so), if I tell you I'm a leave your wrist frozen I was either lyin to you or just jokin You could be in a wet T-shirt soakin You could, tell me how your shit get like the ocean (you could) You could, jerk me off with a bottle of lotion While ya legs open and have trouble gettin a token I grew up a little (see), see I'm much more mature My repertoire is one you can adore (ask around) That wasn't always the case, so that's for starter I'm enjoyin the hood, the one after father I used to invest in heroin With money in Maryland, not Merrill Lynch Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs And now I'm holdin stacks (as I), as I stroll in Saks Sing it! [Break - Joe Budden - talking] Uh, check me out now Ya mean? Nigga all grown up How ill is this shit? Now look, look [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] When I was younger I used to get ass for sport Now I'm less about her sex, I'm more into her thoughts (yeah aight) Nah, I ain't mean to cross that yet, I regress I'm more into her thoughts on sex And the property, fuck what's across my neck Be clear, I'm more into her career than her hair Her mind state, nothin is insurmountable (look here) I'm worried about her account (I mean a), is she accountable? Real man shit, I'm no longer outlandish The roof don't drop (but) but it's panoramic And I know haters can't stand it (so!) So I do it on purpose, still on my Jerz shit (oh!) We don't fall flat and we never cave in I lead pressure right to my doormat All that adversity never worried me If anything it feeds me, it'll nourish me (motivation) I try to keep it a hundred, non-fiction Lane switching's in my true religion with the double stitchin No fitted, T, Kid Robot 'Cause rap niggaz is ass and I don't dig Botox Into enterin clubs, dodgin photogs So they can talk shit about me for a whole blog Go hard, no prob, that's the plan (I'm like) No laughin jokes son (nigga), I'm a grown ass man, ya heard? [Outro - Joe Budden - talking] (*echo*) Uh, check me out now Yeah, Joey! Tahaha I swear to God If this roof came down This shit be down right now Snowin And I'd have my, my motherfuckin, my shades on and shit My hand out the window, smokin A blunt, next to the cops too Fuck off coppers! Cheah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Halfway House Song: Sidetracked Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Joe Budden] Whatever happened to that? Joey! Yeah Seems like I gotta buy a weed bag (so easily sidetracked!) I think it mighta been next week Mighta been next month, shit (Joey!) Look, sometimes I wanna make money But sometimes I ain't motivated; sometimes I think it's overrated Sometimes I'm thinkin I wasn't supposed to make it But what I show is basic, I normally poker-face it (what else?) Sometimes I wanna make music Sometimes I think it's just useless So y'all don't hear a lot of new shit Clueless, dependin on what my mood is (ohh!) Sometimes I wanna dress down I mean I wanna let up, but y'all be let down I'm so easily sidetracked I just lost my train of thought, but besides that I wanna stop somebody and keep it real But know that they'll understand 'fore I tell 'em how I feel I wish I knew how it'd feel I swore I needed somethin from the store (like what?) Got a call that I just ignored, my day is hectic I'm overwhelmed with thoughts, leave a message This Saturday I, planned on goin shoppin for my kid Wanna smoke, no cig's, I'm like "Where the fuck's the store?" Got a migraine, but I forgot that I was sick Cause these jeans don't seem to lay right over my kicks And this'll be the last time I buy this brand That I try this brand - oh shit, the bitch called me She seems like the perfect girl to cheat with Sleep with, I bet that she can keep a secret I turned the radio on, and heard a beat sick Know I can kill that shit better than he did Sometimes I could be so analytical (why?!) With no audience, so who am I a critic to? (nobody) I'm so easily sidetracked I just lost my train of thought, but besides that I spent years tryin to figure out why is that Beat of my drum thrown off by a hi-hat (ohh!) I should hit the club, get a outfit But fuck that, the lifestyle ain't about shit That no longer gets me up, it don't arouse shit (why?) See I'm on my OnDemand in the house shit I've lost so many relationships (Tell me) Is it, just because I don't relate to shit? Me I (me I) I hate ignorance so much I'm prayin for niggaz that didn't grow much Maybe our whole generation was raised wrong I'm only responsible for me, I gotta stay strong I'm so easily sidetracked I just lost my train of thought, but besides that I spent years tryin to figure out why is that ... Why? But besides that Uh uhh, I'm so easily sidetracked! Uhh, goin on nigga, I spent years tryin to figure out why is that Why? I mean, I'm so easily sidetracked Fuck is goin on? Yo, cig's still unlit, lookin a pic of a man cross-eyed On my way to kill the nigga 'til the thought died (uhh) Or it's a lie, I'm just hogtied Got frog eyes, cause chick with a phatty walked by Nice complexion, nice tan And so behind her I ran 'til I seen her desination was a man (So) In the street I stand, with my heat in hand For what reason, I don't remember beefin Note to self on my hand, "Get even!" But I don't remember needin re-venge Now anybody comin toward me I'm reachin Leg bleedin - (so) fuck it I'll retrace my steps followin the path of my blood leakin Led me to Juan's house which I visit every weekend To my knowledge, me and him wasn't speakin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Crooked I, Joell Ortiz, Nino Bless, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Halfway House Song: Slaughterhouse Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Joell Ortiz] Aiyyo Joey what you said, 24 right? Aight cool, I got you Uhh, I define gutter - every time I rhyme  I climb up another notch, hip-hop got my spine smothered But I'll be fine brother - my mind hovers  above all you jive suckers wishin, that's word to my mother You throw a shot at me, I'm throwin a shot back Yours is on a joint, mine's whistlin by your top hat Yeah I'm cool but you violate and I'll cock back Open the mac's mouth and black out like I do not rap I'm sick and tired of niggaz lyin They fifth is lyin in the second drawer next door to some bullshit they iron Y'all be makin up stories the little kids is buyin I do everything my +Penn State+ like a Nittany Lion I ain't gotta mention the streets on a song to get in a nigga ass on these beats like a thong, pause Veterans co-sign me, the up-and-comers scared The pretty girls go "Papi, here's my underwear!" Never in a hundred years I thought I'd be a rapper But in less than a hundred bars I knew I'd be a factor I'm PS4 in HD and the screen is plasma You're Atari 2600 with a weak adapter Between us the gap's so crazy I'm Gucci, Louis V; you're Gap, Old Navy I get coochie in the V, you attract no ladies You're suburb, I'm gutter where the gats go crazy! [Nino Bless] Look, you know, look Fuck a lecture, ain't tryin to be Pun's successor That term's done fucker, what up whatever You birds is food, I'm about to pluck some feathers I'm young and clever, plus clutch under pressure Yup! Who does this better? Walk around with medal all on me like the front of Shredder I lust for cheddar you owe me Leave holes in your vest that'll open your chest like a sunken treasure I'm somethin, like a phenomenon Droppin bombs for fun then dine in hell during Ramadan Whatever I'm rhymin on or whoever I tear 'em apart; swear on my pops No, fear in my heart, shit, been through it all Done swam with the sharks, snapped fins with my jaws I'm all that, and a bag of the baddest piff off of a brick of hash mixed with acid hits like sick cracker shit Get back, dumb birds I ignore the hype Click-clack, Yung Berg'd if you flossin ice Dawg, cross me twice, can't afford the price It'll cost you, I'll off your life! You soft, I told you I'm raw white when I'm on this mic Still mourn at night, don't wanna see mornin light And I feel like I'm forced to fight When the +Chips+ are down like Ponch fallin off his bike (AHHH!) Of course my metaphors are type awesome, right? I got 'em in awe, my aura's Jordan like What's really poppin? Who diddy-boppin? You wasn't really, now you all Common and really conscious I ain't with that silly nonsense, I really pop shit My gun stay cocked like Biggie's optics I, I stay evolvin but grown bitter On your grave they're carvin "Fucked with the wrong nigga" [Crooked I] I don't write I kill a pen, leak its blood on the page I breathe bars like oxygen locked my lungs in a cage Instrumentals get fucked on the stage A pedophile unless I dig in the crates and fuck with somethin my age Forever vow, to never smile when I'm at peace Only when I'm eatin the deceased like quiche Only when my enemy's internal organs are a smorgasbord in a feast The Dahmer with melanin led 'em in the belly of the beast You'll be missin until fishermen see your corpse I'll be in Michigan stickin a chicken in my Michelin ready to pigeon pitch again from Switzerland to New York I was whippin Bentleys before them pictures up in the Source I'm a gorillas behind these bars, on some zoo shit Shoot you while you're talkin on some news camera crew's shit Sicker than flyin in past tense on some flu shit Day-old asshole flow, I drop new shit! Exclusive! You don't want it in fact I'll have the doctors operatin on the front of your back Tryin to keep your stomach intact The spiritual you, leavin your body, he don't wanna go back That's when the tunnel go black; I send your soul to the atmosphere Fuck outta here, and your ringtone rap career! It's Crooked I, the face of Eastside Long Beach Put your ear to the street so you can hear my heartbeat [Royce Da 5'9"] Nickel! Yeah I hope niggaz know I'll show up to your show I'll show up where you go, show up to your do', fo's will explode shells 'fore they hit the flo', I know niggaz know I got a open window flow, I air shit OUT In the D they used to call me Mayor Royce Now they call me Clay Davis Guess why? "Sheeeeeeeeeeee-it" Cause when it come to them words you know I wear shit out I write rhymes like, white lines on a nose tray Ice cold Ice Cube flow like O'Shea Ridin shotgun with Chris Martin my DJ Not the white boy, but I'm down for the +Coldplay+ Forever stay violent, better stay silent Hammers stay hummin like strummin the mandolin violin Speakin of, I done played a tune of violence More than my nigga Charles Hamilton played Sonic I wrap niggaz up, clap niggaz up, scrap niggaz up Either that or we gon' slap niggaz up Dump dirt on you – right before I go  into my Maino mode if I smell the scent of Yung Berg on ya 'Til it ain't no mo', ain't no dough Get into his ass cause I ain't opposed, I'm a livin anal probe I'm a lame-ophobe, matter fact my nigga JumpOff Can I keep goin? (Why the fuck not!) When I was a teen, I used to pack a three-eighty Now I'm spittin sittin between Shady and Jay (ohh!) I pull the jeans down on my bitch and then wave Cause the pussy Max B wavy when she ain't shave I leave the booth smellin like somebody ain't sprayed I would talk about Kimbo but I ain't crazy I'm like Marty McFly goin back in time  and dissin his momma nigga you can't fade me [Joe Budden] They say he a bastard for real, then they see the ass on his girl So they wonderin, why's he so mad at the world? I take it out on tracks, I R.I.P. it So even to the producer it's hard to I.D. it Bars tremendous, it's in your best interest I insist your men just, do your best Bush rendish Endless, move more than two inches My blood'll boil like I got a big skin cyst So end this or see me mañana Or see the speed of a llama, underground primadonna That ain't hard to find, pop a E in a Honda with hands like E. Honda, he a monster! I love war, it's like my pet peeve kinda But for us to even BEEF you should be honored! My DICK gettin hard, I see vagina, pause Nah, rewind each line each time Speak mine and meet 9, mano a mano When it rains it pours, grab a teflon poncho You now fuckin with Mouse, the head honcho Nigga I could fix yo' house in my condo! I walk around like ratchets been legalized Just me and the desert eagle, and an eagle eye Closed casket, now you havin a boxed wake Zipper over your head, dudes callin you Crotchface! So y'all could bump "Swag Like Us" But the next time rap's discussed, add this as a plus Don't nobody hit the pad like us And would get up in that ass but the fag's might bust (bust) And since poppin tags is a must (what?) I hit the bank – all I do is withdraw Chicks removin their drawers now, your crew is in awe How you ball? Your jewels from a cubicle in the mall You gon' need another processor, to process it I'll set it, I said it! So keep runnin around hot-headed, 'til you get hot leaded 'Til everything but your torso on you is prosthetic Digest it, niggaz is pie-thetic Rap what you can't afford, y'all must got credit All you gotta know is Crooked I, Royce, Bless and Joell With Joe spell, NO L! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Halfway House Song: Under the Sun Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Joe Budden] {"I had a dream"} That's funny I had a dream myself {"Of a wide-open prairie"} How's e'rybody feelin out there? Aight? {"I had a dream"} E'rybody doin good, e'rybody good? {"Of the pale morning sky"} Me myself, I'm doin great, couldn't be better {"And we were the same, just the same"} I mean I got problems like e'rybody else but I mean They great problems though {"You and I"} Taha! I'm just talkin shit [Chorus: sample of "Brothers Under the Sun" by Bryan Adams] We are, like birds of a feather We are, two hearts joined together We will be, forever as one My brother, under the sun [Joe Budden] Mic check, mic check, mic check, mic check (ohh, ohh) Mic check one-two one-two (ohh) Old heads said reality is fake and fake's the new real Nuttin but strive to me but takin a few pills Ain't try and be the dude that's raising the blue steel Vic's help me escape, they give me a new feel! Unedited, e'ry day is a newsreel; some cake and a few bills (ohh) Honestly, all it'll take is a few mil' (for what?) For me not to have to portray no true skill (but) But let me just watch what I say, the truth kills (so!) Be careful what you wish for If I'm totally ig-nored I might withdraw I used to be pissed off, piss-poor Money crisp poor (it was like) like this short Was kinda hard to get the whole puzzle workin with half a jigsaw I got mine, let me help you get yours without gettin ripped off I left a trail nigga, follow it And when it's gone make a new one, don't remodel shit (ohh!) [Joe Budden – over Chorus] Ohh, huh! Make your own muh'fuckin footsteps nigga Don't follow mine, uhh I got great problems though My problems are GOOD! [Joe Budden] L-look, look, look New suit, dude nervous (what else?) Old case, new judge, new verdict (what else?) A new outcome like somebody reversed it (I mean) I feel like I'm a new man, a new purpose (ohh!) It's like a nigga ain't feelin so worthless Kneel down and worship, all them years was worth it So when he opened his mouth I was stunned He said, "You CAN'T deny a man his son!" Be clear (ohh!) so if he wan' be there, you let him be there Be fair, mean I can see he wants to be near I could see that he cares I lock yo' ass up, you don't oblige beware (I mean it) She stared (ohh!) she's scared My lil' dude always get the world from me And you want him to have the world, just not from me Back like I never left, was never forced away Got nuttin more to say – I mean I'm (ohh!) [Joe Budden – over Chorus] Wait a minute! I GOT more to say nigga You ever see somebody in shit! (whoa) It just remind you of somewhere (ohh) when you ain't really tryin to see (sometimes) Or somewhere that you was! (Sometimes you gotta be brutally honest) Where you wanna GO? (Even if it hurts) [Joe Budden] So! When I see you I'm disgusted (nigga!) Can't believe I was ever in love with (nigga!) Musta been dusted – cause you look like shit All these years they ain't done you no justice (look at you!) I mean you all fucked up, can't get cash You still bitter over a past you can't get past (HA!) Just sad, get mad cause my bitch bad E'ry day she switch heels, switch bags (whoa) It's like we livin on a dock nigga, big pad You can't afford a deposit on my closet (not even) Since you, all I ever known was fly shit Unfortunately you ain't fittin that logic Cause you're much less Sometimes you gotta stand by your failures to recognize your success Still I'll be the bigger man and wish her all the best (ohh) While knowin she'll never get it (ohh) so why would she ever quit it? (ohh!) It's ridiculous [Joe Budden – over Chorus] Understand me! I ain't really got time, I ain't peaceful! I have beef with the bullshit So if we gotta be stuck together, for the rest our motherfuckin lives Do me a favor.. Actually don't do me no favors Fuck that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Halfway House Song: The Soul Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com [Verse 1] Same characters but the show's different, Just listen, it feels like the soul been missing I remember copping that compact disc just to take off the wrapping It was more then rapping Read credits, till every name's embedded One day, I'm a be just like them, bet it! One day, I'm a come and lace the team With their favorite things when I grace the screen, coasting! I mean, it's nothing like what I was hoping No emotion, we just going through the motions I used to watch the videos just to see the new shit Wanted to see it first, I thought I'd be exclusive Remember getting hyped off my first Casio Suped up writing my first verse, it was ass though Acappella, no beat and a bad flow Damn I miss the good ol' days, when we had soul [Verse 2] I remember each day putting my fav song on replay But my tape deck would always eat tapes I'd put my finger in the middle trying to fix it Just for the shit to end up sounding twisted Pressing clothes before school, I was matching Liked the girl in class, got mad when she was absent Wasn't a baller and I ain't have no game, So what could I do besides ignore her? Or,my first fight with no brothers to get I remember being scared as shit and he had all this lip And I ain't have hands not a bit, Just knew that I ain't wanna get hit So staring at the clock, I ain't trying to see 3 o'clock hit But I never found the back door, Him? He ended up with a tapped jaw As for me? I ended up with that bad broad Damn, I miss the good ol' days, I wish we had more [Verse 3] Maybe I'm feeling like a kid today I mean, I used to want to have a house party watching House Party, Kid & Play I had the low tops, kicks and the fades I remember my first piece of ass from a hot chick Surprised she gave it to me, was shocked I got it Ol' girl image of me was all ruined Had to be thinking "the fuck's this boy doing?" So hard I flirted just to be all nervous Wish she could see me now, I'm so perverted I tell her "I'm so glad I found you. Are you ready for round two? Or can I mount you?" In old pics I used to look like a clown dude When I had know idea what I'd amount to A nigga used to be out of control Man, I miss the good ol' days, when we had soul The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Halfway House Song: Anything Goes Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com So So cold [Chorus - Joe Budden] - w/ ad libs We could do what we wanna, it's an all night bash Put the pedal to the metal and crash Here anything goes (goes, goes) Anything goes (goes) We could party how we wanna, get drunk with hoes Strip poker 'til we run out of clothes Here anything goes (goes, goes) Anything goes (goes) [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Here we go! Welcome to my world where anything goes Here you can ball out of control While you here, you can flourish, you can shop, go cop more shit Like never mind a car note, a mortgage (I mean) Here's no such thing as a hooptie We could fuck tonight, (niggaz won't) and they won't call you a groupie Bumpin Stevie Wonder +Do I Do+ With +Bad Bitches+ (I mean a), I guess I got a 2 Live Crew (oh!) And they all carry Mossbergs See we ain't New Kids on the Block, you can leave that shit for Donnie Wahlberg The world is mine, I ain't got a care livin (nigga) I'm gifted, I watch sounds and hear visions (but if) At one call I can have you disappear missin Rearrange your features so you appear different But nah, nobody gon' die tonight, that's a restriction When you doin this much livin [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] Look, welcome to my world where anything goes So you could cry all you want to, lie all you want to You can get high, puff lye all you want to As long as you don't hold that shit hostage (nah) We all V.I.P., open bar mami Got fake breasts, no bra, no regard (she) She cool with the ménage That takes place when you act like TMZ, I just shoot for the stars I'm so "fuck it", I board the plane lookin low budget (nigga) No carry on, no luggage Low bucket, I'm headed to the south side Baby is free base, she wanna join the mile high Fellatio expert (what that mean?), that means mouth wide That shit be feelin better than formaldehyde (but) But nah, we don't need the dust right now in our rotation That's just gon' fuck up our celebration, ya heard? [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] Uh, welcome to my world where anything goes So you can stack up, invest, live off the interest Get ya money right Play the couch with ya hand on ya balls, welcome to Al Bundy life (I mean) Home on bed rest, waitin on my next check I'm just plottin my next step and my next breath (oh) If you don't do that in excess (there's really no) There's no point, like TV's in the backseats' headrest (oh!) Some niggaz get spiteful or angry Some niggaz are prideful and it pains me (let's go) Our brain speed ain't at the same speed So I ain't mad, don't blame y'all, I blame me (nigga, I blame me) Put a wall in my path, I'm just gonna knock it down or go through it Before you try to knock that down, go through it Try it or go do it The folk in my world won't look at you so stupid The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Halfway House Song: Go to Hell Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] Joey! Tahaha That N.J. bullshit, I'm on it I'm on the same shit I've been on really Niggaz probably just ain't know I was on it Amalgam, look here I mean (oh!) [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Still regular, just stuck in a rapper's body Made some bread off this shit but still rap's a hobby I never got an invite, I had to crash the party Now it's just models inside, I'm at the after party I set trends, here's somethin for the fags to copy Succeedin, everybody from the past get's salty (but I) I get in the booth and own that bitch Won't stop 'til all my brothers are Jonas rich Or wealthy, not rich, fuck it, see I aspire to be Mr. Buffett Warren, not from just tourin I used to grind, hustle hard for some hot Jordan's ('til) 'Til my mind went beyond and all that got borin The streets watchin but it's outlook is not important (nah) I'm tryin to pocket a fortune without the stocks soarin If you ain't into gettin paper, let it be (just know we) Just know we too parallel to every meet, think about it now (oh!) [Chorus - Sample from "Go to Hell" by Alice Cooper] - 4X You can go to hell [Joe Budden - talking over Chorus] Ya mean? I never really cared for what, mother, other motherfuckers had to say about a nigga I ain't never really gave a fuck I got a place all you niggaz can go A first class tickets for all you niggaz Not even coach (goin), cocksuckers [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] They say he can't come to the hood, he got ran out How's he livin so good? His money should've ran out (nah) Figured he'd be thirsty for a hand out Or livin at his man's house, none of that ever panned out Call him fake ass Say "he as fake as, his girl's fake ass" Say "we don't hear him on the radio and he ain't been out in so long Dude can't even rap", you couldn't be so wrong (Joey!) Got a different type of censorship So whatever I'm blessed with, I don't mention it (I don't even mention it) That shit is soft (plus) And my motto is when you get inside the end zone, act like you've been there before Says somethin about your character to always brag So if you never had, act like you always have, for real Here's somethin to adhere to, be careful 'Cause with so much dick in your mouth, it's hard to hear you, pause [Joe Budden - talking over Chorus] Look what you niggaz made me do Had to pause somethin Ya mean? I don't even be on no pause bullshit neither I'm a grown ass man, I ain't even got time for it but Every now and then you gotta make an exception! [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] Look, they say don't argue with fools, me I do it for debate sake I'm the nigga that embrace hate Take a minute, think about how much ya cake weigh? (and then) Then know I'm on your mind havin a great stay (and then) Actually, I hope to never have to vacate You see I'm much more vaca than AK How you premeditate hate? (nigga at least) At least have the balls to nay say when a nigga face to face (let's) Let's see if you still wanna disrespect the King, savior (I doubt that) I'll introduce you, in case you never seen a razor All that mean behavior Have whatspoppin.net at ya wake and use the pic for my screensaver (nigga) See I ain't losin no sleep You a small piece of bark and I'm on to the whole tree And please, know there's never been a nigga more "I don't give a fuck" than Joe is Even before show biz (oh!) [Outro - Joe Budden talking over Chorus] 'Cause what I always try to explain to a nigga Niggaz like a small thing to a giant It's like minute, it's like I'm lookin at so much other shit like Fuckin mental midget niggaz man Joey! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Halfway House Song: Just to Be Different Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: sample of "Burning Bright" by Shinedown] I feel like there is no need for, conversation I wonder if the things I did were just, to be different I would rather reveal myself than my, situation I wonder if the things I did were just, to be different [Joe Budden] Uhh... (going, going, gone) L-look, look, look See I don't trust no one (talk to 'em) So stubborn I could dream a thousand paths, wake up and walk a old one (Why?) And I follow wherever it take me Instead of wherever the crew go like Traylee They see distinguished I see a nigga erasin that fine line between crazy and genius Got the jewels out, see 'em on my Colorado shit (but) I'd rather put the suit on and not follow it (look) E'rything is perception (I mean) e'rything is deception (but!) But niggaz fuck with him cause I be the exception (look) I got a warm reception way before any song hit I think too outside of the box to be cornered I'm too real to be fickle Grounded but too fly to meet a nigga in the middle Too big to be belittled Wise way beyond my years, here's the motto of a man-child (what?) Why try to fit in when you a standout? Ohh [Joe Budden] Uhh, you in that mood yet? Why not? Look, they said I had to make music that would have the kids feenin Screamin, make nuttin with a meanin (but) I ain't know the meanin (ohh!) They told him go Hollywood For a split second thought I probably could (but) But polly'd on, would I be understood? They told me even if you not, able to cop cable Anytime you hit the club you better have a table Told me they would take me at my worst Told me image is e'rything, so I told 'em I'd obey my thirst (whoa!) Told me do what you gotta once you on Hit the scene, make it rain, I told 'em I'm already in the storm E'rything's in a uproar (whoa) They told me front, I said "What for?" (I mean whoa) Said it again, I said "Fuck y'all!" I won't succumb to all those stereotypes Won't sacrifice me for what the stereo hypes They told me get in where you fit in, this is what's in demand now So I - told 'em why try to fit in when you a standout? Ohh [Joe Budden] Knahmean? Yo – I understand somethin's off 'bout me (but) but nothin's forced 'bout me I never gave a fuck of what a nigga thought 'bout me (ohh) I look down upon what some see as a must Maybe I'm regular and the world needs to adjust I mean I'm everyday people (ohh) hood but still formal I'm normally abnormal - takin life as a lesson I'll leave the past in the past, tomorrow is not promised And today's just a gift – I guess that's why it's the present Did I outgrow me, or shit just didn't stick? The baggier my jeans, the more shit didn't fit (but I!) Didn't quit, inspired by hate, even with homeless When you a +Star+ you already down with the Joneses My thoughts out loud (I mean) Sometimes if the leader walks slow enough  he fuck around get lost in the crowd (but) But he ain't gotta speed up, e'rything'll pan out (why?) Cause they'll spot you from far when you a standout [Chorus] – 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Halfway House Song: Touch & Go Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Joe Budden] Joey, uhh... Uh, one question Now who rep Jersey like me? Baby few dudes ain't worthy like me You know I keep somethin pretty by me Good pair of frames, Polo white tee Y'all see somethin with a body have her my queen Extra small waist, top lookin like D's Y'all don't cuff 'em or make 'em wifey Cause you ain't Coco and I ain't Ice T So it's unlikely, I trick on her tryin to ball Tattoo on her back said China Doll Joey! Talk to 'em like Imus y'all And give head to a brother, need a Tylenol And let's keep what we do on the low No entourage, just a one-man show Let's break out from the club around 4 But it's just one thing that a nigga must know Can we Touch, go, touch and go Touch, go, touch and go Touch and go, touch, go Touch, go, touch and go - HERE WE GO! (She said she had a man but so) (There's just one thing that I really must know - can we) Touch and go, touch, go Touch, go (can we) touch and go – HERE WE GO! [Joe Budden] I mean I've been seen the broad, you just met her I'm in the 'tel with her, you just text her You just chase her, you just sweat her She played you out, you just let her You just peck her, you protect her I don't even understand them gestures I undress her, throw her on the dresser (and) Normally the room like like Esther But if she act up, gotta check her R.L. +Next+ her, that's just my regular Et cetera, my service like Federer The Rodger cat, now do you roger that? Let's keep what we do on the low No entourage, just a one-man show Let's break out from the club around 4 But it's just one thing that a nigga must know Can we [Joe Budden] How you doin tonight? Matter fact, what you doin tonight? If the answer's nothin I'm hopin us two could get into somethin So let me know what you doin tonight Or, maybe I'm what you doin tonight Call me up naked when she home alone And make the tone long, now that's the phone bone Look – I ain't gotta compliment you Uhh, me bein me compliments you So on the balcony or in the tub On the plane join the Mile High Club From the club to the bathroom stall Whenever we'll hook up she ain't wearin no drawers Ooh baby I likes it raw But keep that behind closed doors, my door [Chorus] – 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Halfway House Song: Better Me * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * Amalgam Digital download bonus track [Intro: Joe Budden] Uhh - I hear what niggaz sayin Niggaz gon' talk to me like Like when I come on the plane and shit, Louie's on When I sit out in the front of the muh'fuckin plane with the Daily News With my legs crossed and shit Wanna act like I ain't earn my seat When I'm watchin muh'fuckers walk to the back and shit, when it's coach You Pat Riley in that shit nigga [Joe Budden] Look here, look, look; I get a ghetto gospel Only right considerin the ghetto was my hostel Memory is gone but I'm recallin all through high school Even at my lowest, I was sittin on my high stool That's what bein high do If I couldn't do shit, was always able to toke They told me that a nigga'd die 'fore I was able to vote Probably cause me and my constituents, and all the shit we did The MRI couldn't tell you what the issue is With my treason, came a cause that I believed in Is it really wrong if a nigga got a reason? At times I had to take dough, nigga did whatever for a peso Bein from the hood'll be my scapegoat Or can it be, cause I wasn't born into a canopy Maybe I was prone to fallin in love with vanity Tell me shit you reap is the shit you sow Tell God I'm better than the shit I show, I gotta grow, c'mon [sample and instrumental break] [Joe Budden] Whoa... I hope niggaz see that, l-look Now niggaz say I floss too much – so, has he changed? Cause I don't think that thousand-dollar tee cost too much All they should say is that he's strong Came out the fire unscathed, yeah I carried on Lou' Vuitton carry-on Had they Mattie on, with my blessings at a delay Now to lace my chick in {?} is sorta cliché Plane ain't gon' ever land, 'less it's in the Netherlands Twenty on that gold face, Breitling with the leather band Ask for a better hand I tried collidin with my problems, yeah I never ran That'll make me less a man I ain't go from not, havin it to bein arrogant I dreamt, went grabbin it, just bein passionate Some niggaz get complaints and why Dudes is newborn birds, just afraid to fly But if your foot's on the breaks, can't ride (me) Me, I spread my wings, inhale and embrace that high [sample and instrumental break] [Joe Budden] Give it away, give it away, give it away now {*3X*} L-look, l-look, look Part of me was gruesome, I ain't changed, I grew some And if I did change, I welcomed that shit to come Dudes that smoked trees with me, dudes that used to be with me They say I switched up on 'em and did a three-sixty Cause I don't burn it down But to me it's common sense, you wan' see the other side gotta turn around Show 'em your game face I tell 'em we was on the same track but wasn't runnin that same race (nigga) Weighin in the same space (but) but I ain't gon' change pace Somethin won't let me slow down, I can't explain fate So don't say I went from broke to bougie I'm far from high-end, I just know what suits me, muh'fucker [sample and instrumental break to the end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Emanny Album: Halfway House Song: One Night Fuck * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * Amalgam Digital download bonus track [Chorus: Emanny] She said she wanna go somewhere (and get familiar) Joe no good (but I want ya) I know this girl ain't shit, but I'm still tryin to hit I said I want a one night (ohh) a one night (ohh) a one night fuck See I know this girl ain't shit, but I'm still tryin to hit [Joe Budden] L-look, look; any place I visit I got hoes there How you wan' go there? Model face hopped on the scene stupid Made for TV, should come with theme music She play the club on a regular basis (I mean) Had some work done in a few different places I knew it when I seen how small her waist is Tasteless, but no matter what y'all taste is Y'all would wanna taste it; Macy's make-up Shorty work the day shift, play like she evasive You know her type, always front like you can't get it Even though I heard the stories how my man hit it My man did it in front of the cam wit it He said he jizzed on her, sent her 'bout her damn business I see her out and I don't even say hi You Barkley and Wade her; put her in your "fav' five" But I'll be a liar to say that she ain't fine So I answer when she call and hit me with that same line, c'mon [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Joe Budden] Yo, she keep the shades on, lookin like she high or some'n Love the strip clubs, I think that she bi or some'n Brand named out, closet full of lavish furs Cause dudes trick on her, she act like the cash is hers Not at all playa, I'll still jump, not foreplay her (dawg) She'll fuck you if you could jump, you know, ballplayer Share taker lookin for a caretaker (to what?) To lace her once a week, take care of that hair and make-up Somethin like a cash cow, drink 'til she pass out I think I seen her online with her ass out Freak shit, but look better than broads Give head better than broads, pussy get wetter than broads So naw, can't come at baby on some cheap shit Now e'rybody beat it, she come off conceited Peep it, if she gon' be the one you leave with Do it on the low and keep that y'alls lil' secret [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Joe Budden] Knahmean? That be his favorite girl Look - I mean B cup, C cup, D cup, curves Groupie, chickenhead, jumpoff, birds E'rybody onto me, so I already know when she come onto me She gon' say she don't do this normally You got her at the Steakhouse doin it formally (me?) I give her takeout, she'll take the place of a porn for me High-saddity hoe, tryin to be in videos Real popular, she the one the whole city knows Say it to her face, she get defensive, lawyer Sendin naked pics, exhibitionist, voyeur Know the routine, so she leave when we finished Then I lie every time like, "I'ma call you in a minute" F'real [Emanny] It's obvious that the girl is poison She already ran through all my boys and I know that it would be best just to stay away But she's tellin me [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Outro: Joe Budden] What you doin tomorrow? Oh you busy tomorrow? Yeah me too Tahaha; how 'bout the next day? You know I'ma just give you a call next week or somethin like that And see what you doin See if you free like next week or somethin Like in the nighttime, like 4 AM, 5 AM Somethin like that? Oh you gon' be asleep? (no you not) Damn! (I need a) Who sleeps at 5 AM? Uhh, smooth it out now That be his favorite girl The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Padded Room Song: Now I Lay Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  I'd like to welcome everybody, to the Padded Room [Joe Budden] Uh, pump it up, you came to get it crunk A dame to get her drunk, you came to get it uhhh That's when it all got started (I mean) Back then I wasn't so cold-hearted (c'mon) With every stanza came an extravaganza For every question he got one less answer I was tryin to be more than cool Now it was before that, maybe boardin school That was back when I would wanna danger myself Maybe it was just to entertain myself I don't need help, I could change myself Fuck y'all, I ain't gotta explain myself Death's around the corner, I can hear his footsteps Does he think that I'm the only nigga in the hood left? So child that ain't listenin ain't mine For 28 years been a prisoner of the mind am I [Chorus: Joe Budden] Now I lay me down to sleep (And I) I pray the Lord my soul to keep (If I) If I should die before I wake (Then what?) I pray the Lord my soul to take (I mean) Now I lay me down to sleep (And I) I pray the Lord my soul to keep (If I) If I should die before I wake I pray the Lord my soul to take [Joe Budden] Look, welcome everybody into greater of self but claim center Even when he can win that nigga won't surrender Bull's fault, put the wheels in motion I felt every emotion except devotion Message in a bottle in the bottom of the ocean But I can't swim, damnit I can't win, uh So I don't care how you rate me It'll take a long time to evaluate me So if, this be the last time you hear me (nigga) Just know I got a loved one near me (nigga) Please don't cry, let her eye get teary A nigga good, finally I'm somewhere care-free Past is frightenin but the future's scary And I'm, gettin to the point that I fear me In a class all alone, don't compare me But I, blame God, this is where He steered me I mean [Joe Budden] Look, they tell me the eyes is the windows to a man's SOUL What you happen to see a nigga can't con-TROL ... And I've turned a deaf ear to any nigga, anybody that'll get my head clear Why shake the dice if you never gon' roll 'em? I told 'em that the straight jacket can't hold him I ain't psycho, don't belittle me now It's just a title cause they couldn't figure me out If you give a damn when shit hits the fan Please know anything I ever did a nigga planned Tryin to better, high as ever As I learn how to lie to a lie detector Still I'm damaged Say if you stay in that boat long enough you see where the land is So I'm right where I need to be Please believe it, believe it please Let's get on our knees [Outro: Joe Budden] One mo' 'gin, c'mon... Follow me, let's go OHHHH! One mo' 'gin, OHHHH! Mic check one-two one-two Can anybody hear me? Soul to keep, if I should die before I wake I pray the Lord my soul to – uh Follow me c'mon, uhh, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Dominic, The Game Album: Padded Room Song: The Future Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - The Game - talking] Everything got a future (everything got a future ...) How you go club or go hood, but go back club on the same song? (club on the same song) [Chorus - Dominic] Guess I am a bad guy, I can see you like it You can be the headline, if I can be your sidekick Baby this can be the future ('ture, 'ture, 'ture) Baby this can be the future ('ture, 'ture) [Joe Budden - talking behind the Chorus] Hey! Hey! Amalgam Digital baby! (let's go) Goin, goin, gone [The Game - talking behind the Chorus] Jump Off Free World [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Baby girl is addicted (it's okay!), OD You could have any dude in this world but chose me (oh ...) You could have any chick in this world but chose her To play the backseat and direct the chauffeur (uh) And that ain't just Jazz, ain't down with Okur (I could) I play publicist and give her exposure (I mean a) keep you in the latest (I mean a) damn near waistless Body like a porn star (whoa, whoa), smile like a waitress (oh!) Now she turnin me, uh, uh, on, uh, uh, on, uh, uh, on I mean, why get Club Bed or Club Med? See (when) We can just club in the bed of my mansion (cheah) Leave for the weekend, jet to the Hamptons (hey) Tats on her torso, (I mean), I love how she handle it (oh) A shoe game, show off, just frontin (what?) But baby don't blink or you bound to miss somethin, come on [Joe Budden - talking behind the Chorus] Hey! Hey! [The Game - talking behind the Chorus] Jump Off, I got it from here Double Up! Yeah [Verse 2 - The Game] She want to roll with a rock star, bitch I'm him Coke white Airs, seven five, eight cent California slim 501 blue, jeans on trim, New York match the brim Lower than Manhattan (uh), lower than my pants saggin (uh) Lower than my baby mama leanin in that Benz wagon (yeah) And you can be heard, Toy Bird slip ons LV clip ons, haters get shit on! We roll up, 24's, so what? Haters all swoll up Haters want my chain (ka ka), hold up I'm not that nigga, I'm that nigga, so Jump Off or jump off (uhh) Once enemies, my nemesis and I Was stuck in the Genesis, Free World is our reply Let bygones be bygones, I'm gone Let all your pain be Champagne and Patrón [Joe Budden - talking behind the Chorus] Hey! Baby this could be the Yeah! Ta ha Baby this could be the Come a, come a, come on Come a, come a, come a, come a, come on (talk to 'em) [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] Look, she stayed back, my baby throw it on Little bit of cologne, little bit of Patrón Is how I got her on (I mean a) now we sit and spend mad hours on the phone like we both ain't grown (yeah!) Wrist kind of heavy, I'm a little well known Matching crosses, different color stones (what?) See, in one line I got her to come over Told her I'm dumb sober, but hungover! She play the club, sippin on Mimosa (hey) I could fit your whole crew in one Rover Just kick your shoes off 'fore you step in (I mean) the crib's mine and I'm livin like the Jetsons Or let's head OT, cop a one way Step off the runway like we on a runway Have your girlfriends thinkin you a runaway Never mind, I already know what you gon' say (uh) [Chorus] - 2X [Joe Budden - talking behind the Chorus] Cheah Hey Cheah Ta ha Baby this could be the Come a, come a, come on, come a, come a Talk to 'em Yeah (hey!) I mean, I'm thinkin this can be the I'm thinkin, I'm thinkin this can be the The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Emanny Album: Padded Room Song: If I Gotta Go Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  If I gotta go (yeah, woo!) Can anybody tell me where? (ohh!) And if I gotta go (if I gotta go) Does anybody even care? (ohh!) [Joe Budden] L-look, look We gon' party like it's 1-9-9-9 Somethin triggers makin my mind design crime when at times my mind's fine Inclinded to find dimes, resigned from primetime I need my stars to align when signs say they benign Tell whoever cares if a stray happens to hit me I need to take all the money I made with me If I'm heaven-bound I'll put a hole in every turncoat If hellbound I'm poppin shit through the inferno My jargon is, I'm a arsonist Since 11 when I found out what arson is Look at me fully styled in that foreign whip I get a high from it, I love that Johnny Carson shit I got a fascination for the aggravation Shoot 'em or {?}, I love the fabrication Waitin on a antedote, but I lack the patience On a second thought, I got my own vaccination [Interlude: Emanny] All I ever dream's alone That makes me wanna run and charge Ohhhhhh... All I ever dream's alone That makes me wanna run and charge Ohhhhhh... [Joe Budden] Underdig this Problem is I'm smarter than e'rybody But too numb to show it; they too dumb to know it (nigga!) Eventually my A's turned into D's Eventually my O's made its way to E I'm tense, I'm not at ease, there's niggaz with degrees that ain't never made it hot nor turned up the degrees There's niggaz with credentials, accolades, paperwork (but) But couldn't figure out how to make they paper work Me, I fight to stay alive, e'ry day is work Especially when they say it's six million ways to murk (here's one) I wish the whole world was more like me More likely to see through the eyes that I see Or be tired like I be, let's hide our ID's There's holes in my arms, untied this IV At times, wish the world would comprehend like I do Know it sound like I don't wanna mend, but I'd like to [Joe Budden] Forewarnin nigga, ya heard? L-look look look look; I wonder what's behind the clouds Flew all over the world, still I couldn't find out Maybe I'm normal and e'rybody else isn't Apron on over the stove in hell's kitchen Uh, nails bitten, uh, failed livin Another derailed mission for a nigga jail smitten Enough to get the pound - if I don't like the shit around me Maybe I should change the shit that I'm around How that sound? Uhh [Interlude] [Interlude] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Padded Room Song: Don't Make Me Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Joe Budden] Whoa, mic check one-two one-two Mic check one-two one-two Yeah, yeah, yeah I'd like to welcome e'rybody (welcome e'rybody) To the, to the, to the L-look, look, l-look, look [Joe Budden] Top down with the fresh cut With A. Baker through the speakers (I mean) "Best Of" A crisp white tee, I'm still feelin dressed up (why?) E'rything else healthy, don't get me messed up A good pair of shades on, you gon' always see me in disguise Not for style, I don't want you to see in my eyes Live for now (but) but tell God hurry my plans You see I just had to bury my man Us two was on some brother shit (look) But if I learned anything  if you take life for granted it'll grant you some other shit I know I can't be the only one troubled with I talk 'bout hardship like I discovered it (but I) Though I had enough of it (but I) still won't cut a wrist I just wrote the book, he published it Simply read holdin back the years Cause when I stray it looked like he holdin back some tears, he sayin [Chorus: sample] Don't make me cry, no no Don't you make me cry... Don't you make me cry, no no Don't you make me cry... [Joe Budden] L-look, look (oh!) Sometimes I feel like it's a ghost behind me (look) Nudge in my back, got the toast behind me Clockin my every move, takin notes behind me Crowd laughin, there must be a "Roast" behind me But the boy won't bend (never) Though the road to the riches is startin to look like it don't end (But still) I'm on 9-5 speedin, truly love it No idea where I'm goin, that's the beauty of it But still I'm here waitin on a sign Or a F.Y.I. to be notified Cause (WHY, WHY?) Do it matter what he got  in store for niggaz if they too broke to buy I know I want heart, my back carryin some tons y'all From the devil's bedroom onto his front yard Pop up in the backseat and keys the chauffeur Let 'em know before I hop out with him on my shoulder, I said [Joe Budden - over Chorus] Dawg, muh'fucker don't Uhh, l-look, don't, nah Uhh, uh uh, uhh Mic check one-two one-two Mic, one, two - let me holla at 'em [Joe Budden] Wouldn't be smart to tangle wit'cha guardian angel Not when he gotta strangle from every angle, head to ankles Get mangled, so though I ain't got shit (what?) My eyes everywhere, on my Stuart Scott shit Tryin to be fly every second that the clock tick (BUT) But there's a suicide bomber in the cockpit (look here) See my intent is to be content But that's contingent, off fly hoes usin engines (uhh) Since momma conceived me Me and dude been stuck in a me-lee He's tellin me I gotta ball like Beasly (uhh) But I can give a FUCK how a nigga perceives me So until God retrieves me I'm followin behind the nigga that misleads me  If need be, bounce from where he tryin to keep me  But every time I try he tells me that he needs me, he said [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Joe Budden] Uh-uh, uh Stick around, we like... Stuck in a padded room The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Padded Room Song: Blood on the Wall Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Joe Budden] Whoo! (Uhh, welcome) Ohhh! I'd like to welcome e'rybody, welcome e'rybody (yo y-yo yo yo) To the muh'fuckin Padded Room (yo, y-yo, yo) [Joe Budden] How many niggaz fell victim to the streets Rest in peace young nigga, it's a heaven for a G I'd be a liar if I told you that I never thought of death My nigga, we the last ones left (l-look) l-look (l-look) I said - how many niggaz fell victim to the streets Rest in peace young nigga, it's a heaven for It'd be a lie if I told you that I never thought of death (l-look look) My nigga, we the last ones left; but life goes on And I ain't gon' stop 'til a nigga see blood on the wall! L-look, look, look, look Maybe it started with the rims on the whip Uh, I lost the Hummer, push the Benz through the strip But I'll swim with the fish before I lend niggaz shit Cause personally, they ain't worth the phlegm that I spit That's why, sometimes I think the end's comin quick My old ass father shot twins out his dick So, if they so happen to come up without a older brother Won't be alone cause comin up at least they'll have each other At least they'll have one another cause life's a muh'fucker But while I'm here my only job is not to see 'em suffer Through dope boys, shootouts, stick-ups and undercovers The world is full of suckers but don't worry, I'm your buffer Buffer, like I shoulda been for BJ Well he never listened to nothin we say (It was) half past 12, midnight on a weekday Not even 20 hours past his release date (lease date) This nigga hit him up four times, one kick the heart And that kicked my heart Call his pops, niggaz pick the phone up So he can come find his son lyin in his own (blood) blood On that block that we ran through House we grew up in, corner we would post on Shot dead in front of niggaz we would be with So how the fuck nobody see shit? (nigga) And so I'm there to be a brother to his brother Lucky Cause in the belly of the beast I know this shit get ugly Get on my knees and have a convo with the Lord above me Maybe sometimes I hear him wrong, I think he sayin "Fuck me" Only he could judge me, care less what they thinkin of me Cause honestly I'd be aight if no one ever love me (love me) I write "I only fear Joe" in blood Smeared slow on my brain by my earlobe (earlobe) And I ain't gon' stop 'til a nigga see blood on the wall! Y-yo, yo, yo All I tried do is raise the bar See my, weeks is scabbed up, days are scarred Still I love to see a muh'fucker hate from far More they talk 'bout me the more I pray for y'all I mean, I don't get how Prodigy gon' acknowledge me When the nigga 'bout as big as an apostrophe (ohh!) For him to possibly think that he is hot as me is far from a prophecy, it's more like a mockery Used to be hip-hop to me, 'fore you bombarded me with everything ass like sodomy, it's gotta be drugs Four-fifths and snubs, what's that about? Nigga you can't lift the guns that you rappin 'bout (ohh!) But real talk, I can't front on your old shit Now you just old as shit! Not old and sick 'Stead of holdin my dick, here's a better way (dawg) Never mind me, worry about your Medicaid ... Shit's so unfair Nigga beats carried yo' ass most of your career Wanna blog, here's a reason - I FUCKS "Murda Music" Anybody ever diss this nigga is still breathin Jay-Z, Saigon, Nas already peeled him 2Pac, he ain't alive but you ain't kill him 50 signs the bum only cause where he was from Put his stamp on a nigga and still nobody feels him Not a murderer, a gangsta, robber Washed up 90's nigga, now a gangsta blogger Me that, underground flow strike like the pound blow Your sound's old, not even worth a download I would have niggaz hunt you like a hound's nose Problem is you pussy, the whole town knows So why let the body count grow for some fiend-out nigga now starrin in a clown show (clown show) And I ain't gon' stop 'til a nigga see blood on the wall! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Padded Room Song: In My Sleep Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Baby girl told me in my sleep I was talkin So it's only natural I asked her what I said? (said) She said she woke up when she heard But she was so damn tired she couldn't make out a word" (out a word) She said she was tryin to see if eventually I would scream the name of a bird (bird) I told her that's absurd ('surd), and then gave her the face like "word?" (word) And then she replied yeah, said it was quite weird, said she was type scared I said "that's a side effect that you get when you trade bad dreams for some great nightmares" ('mares) When I close my eyes (eyes), I escaped the Poltergeist my escape from reality, just what I needed Brings me to a place where shorty never cheated (hey!) And even if she tried and succeeded In this other world I wouldn't even get heated Fuck (fuck) the details, I don't care about why I'm chillin with my grandmother, she ain't die (she ain't die) I was browsing online and seen Mike on a banner That said "you can be like me and beat cancer" Anything I touched, I'd feel (feel) No inspection but it seemed so real (real) Was leavin out the casino with a nympho Yes, Ray it can be so simple (oh) Here's how I arrive a problem with my kin folk Learn how to build me a house with no win-dows And that's when I think I saw a ribbon in the sky but it wasn't from an in-tro 'Cause where I'm at is no rumors or gossip but still got love for Ms. In-fo She said in my sleep I'd be laughin, but shit be funny to me (oh) Look, my ice cream was two hundred degrees if it dripped, I'd get a hole in my dungarees See, my anonymity is my protection (what else?) and me and hip-hop have no connection (what else?) Which got me to reflectin, is that why the mirror won't show my reflection? When I close my eyes, there's no dollars so we can scratch that one as an excuse (or) Or why folks do the things they do (or) or why people act so brand new (let's go) I had wings on flyin out a prison with a ratchet was only there 'cause someone snitched Look (look here), no one's poor but no one's rich just my way of creepin if life's a bitch Took a walk on the ceiling just to get my mind right That was yesterday (so), so in hindsight Since I was able to haul off I took it as God tellin me I'll never fall off (off) Got rid of name brands in the jewelry (why?) most people just use it as medicine Like it take 'em somewhere they ain't never been (but) but here you better off not better than (oh!) Stuck in the room with a elephant Opened the closet and dapped up my skeleton Had a convo with a man with no ears And all of a sudden everything became so clear (clear) Have no fear, I just bought a first class trip to nowhere - everybody goes there But they don't stay the whole year, me? I got three hundred and sixty-five shows there My girl said in my sleep, I'd be walkin (walkin), so I ask baby, where I go? Uh, she said I be walkin slow but she don't ever want to get out of bed, so she don't know I went to see a man walkin on water (and) Asked if he'd ever get things back in order (and) I've been there two years, over a quarter But everytime I open my eyes, it's like torture (torture) He said "please, I gave you a whole 'nother world for you to go do with as you please Just so you appeased, mixed with a couple of signs about real life while you make believe" So I (so I), teleported out of there with a grin Met a bum with a mansion, invited me in Then (then), we politiced, about politics Said somethin about Def Jam, I ain't acknowledge it I went to see a virgin with AIDS, yeah I thought about smashin that (why?) yeah her ass was fat So appealin, tattoo on her inner thigh said "she doin better than she was feelin" (feelin) I think I seen shorty before (like), maybe in a club or somethin Or, maybe in VIP, but wasn't nobody there but me And the club was all red (red) Then she started playin with my head (my head) And then I came Then I asked shorty, "what's her name?" And it was weird 'cause she fucked around, disappeared (uh, 'peared) like what a cruel joke (look) Cig lit but from it was no smoke Flicked in the ash tray and seen Stack's face Flash through a school hallway on a half day Was gettin chased, couldn't tell by who (or) Then a hallway turned into a cliff (what else?) Screamin piff before I was dead Some coward chopped my ass up out that bed Then baby girl told me in my sleep, I was screamin (screamin) so I said that's a lie (that's a lie) She put her right hand in the sky and said "you was, but I don't know  why, got to go, goodbye" (goodbye, goodbye ...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Padded Room Song: Exxxes Typed by: Nathan2180@hotmail.com [Joe Budden Talking] You look familiar I swear seen you some where before are you sure  Are you sure we never meet  Naw I'm not using it for some cheap pick up line I really think you look familiar Look she be calling my name  Screaming real loud I would think she's pain Nigga's tried to tell me her head was insane Everything she do it takes a toll on my brain  It seems a little strange but she be calling my name  Screaming real loud I would think she's pain Nigga's tried to tell me her head was insane Everything she do it takes a toll on my brain  It seems a little strange but she be calling my [Verse 1] She don't gotta a name  So for now lets call her Ashley  Had her gym clothes on Seen her when she passed me  Met her up in Exxon Body was the nicest  Cursing up a storm She complaining bout the prices  She just left Toronto for Jerz brough a condo Know everything about her though we never had a convo Pops wasn't around much  Her mother raised her Got so much in common that  I don't like to face her  Her parents are dope heads  She dropped out of school to  Got the same tat's at me and I find that unusual That I smoke cigs stay they're bad for my own health Said I'll never love me cause I don't love my own self Gave me the ass the first night and I gladly tossed it  The best part was I didn't even have to ask for it  Her period don't ever come  And when I dick her down she always run  She be calling my name  Screaming real loud I would think she's pain Nigga's tried to tell me her head was insane Everything she do it takes a toll on my brain  It seems a little strange but she be calling my name  Screaming real loud I would think she's pain Nigga's tried to tell me her head was insane Everything she do it takes a toll on my brain  It seems a little strange but she be calling my  [Verse 2] She like to scream so the neighbor's might hear her  For some reason like it in front of the mirror Let me make it clearer  She be making strange request  And I'm not talking bout just pulling on her hair oooooonn She be saying choke me like I lost all respect  And every time I do marks show up on my neck  She say punch  her smack her  Like I'm an attacker  I say you a fool I say just do what I asked ya I be going slow until she tell me do it faster  Every time I'm out with her these nigga just harass her 	 I don't understand it  She so unattractive  Shorty looking terrible  Plus she come with baggage I tap it  Though she below my average it deceives me  She be talking marriage saying she'll never leave me  I say I'm gonna bounce  But I say I don't believe me  She fucks me every time she sees me  She be calling my name  Screaming real loud I would think she's pain Nigga's tried to tell me her head was insane Everything she do it takes a toll on my brain  It seems a little strange but she be calling my name  Screaming real loud I would think she's pain Nigga's tried to tell me her head was insane Everything she do it takes a toll on my brain  It seems a little strange but she be calling my  [Verse 3] I be wanting ta  Strangle her Throw her off the balcony  Dangle her  Mangle her  How long have I carried this anger for  How come when we argue We have to get physical  We crucial conflict  She ends up in critical  Habitual  Happens daily  It's our ritual  But show your face bitch stop being invisible Is it just my mental  Is she just a symbol There for me to look at everything that I resemble Sometimes during sex I blurt another name Do that mean I look at me and be ashamed  I'm cheating on me  With a hottie  with a body Who so happen to embody Everything I so happen to not be  I be tryna leave her  But then I get lenient And since I'm in this room alone  She become convenient  Then we lie together  Cry together  I swear I hope we die together  She be calling my name  Screaming real loud I would think she's pain Nigga's tried to tell me her head was insane Everything she do it takes a toll on my brain  It seems a little strange but she be calling my name  Screaming real loud I would think she's pain Nigga's tried to tell me her head was insane Everything she do it takes a toll on my brain  It seems a little strange but she be calling my  [Verse 4] I finally grew the balls to tell shorty we should separate  Save your breathe nothing you can do to make me hesitate  There no room for me and you to grow Don't love me then leave me alone do both Then she apologize for anything that she did  Said with out me she can't think of no reason to live  Said she'll miss getting piped down  The she picked up a shank I to tell the crazy bitch to put the knife down Crying  Eye shadow on her face Filthy  Feel me if you kill you  It's gonna kill me  Really  She said you neglect me  I said we the same  So whatever you do it's gone affect me  You know I can't let it be  So if we have to stay together just to co-exist then so it is  She said I loved you then hugged me  Took her pants off and proceeded to fuck me  She be calling my name  Screaming real loud I would think she's pain Nigga's tried to tell me her head was insane Everything she do it takes a toll on my brain  It seems a little strange but she be calling my name  Screaming real loud I would think she's pain Nigga's tried to tell me her head was insane Everything she do it takes a toll on my brain  It seems a little strange but she be calling my The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Padded Room Song: I Couldn't Help It Typed by: Nathan2180@hotmail.com [Verse One] (Talk to em) We had a beautiful relationship at one point (but then) Then that shit changed with the quickness Maybe because I was fucking other bitches (or) Or maybe we had no business having business Not the girl that I would want to raise kids with But still that shit happen regardless (look) I was so young back then so heartless The shit I was thinking could have caught me some charges Listen, I tried to talk to her normally (but) That shit didn't work for a one second she was on to me I tried to explain how I ain't have a dollar to my name Pursuing this rap shit chasing fame Young dude stressed in the hood Like Jesus I ain't ready for no child but she was When you piss poor Get to having sick thoughts While the chick probably sitting there thinking about marriage I'm thinking abortion like a savage An on purpose accident to have a miscarriage Her mother and mine I couldn't end up seeing (plus) Plus what type of mother would you end up being You already a psycho I wouldn't let that pass I ain't think life time bond I thought fat ass All them times you was pregnant and miserable All them fights we had that got physical Every time I sent you packing, pissed at you Like I ain't want to live with you Yeah I kinda planned that Inconsiderate That sounds just like me (Then you) Then out pushed something out that looks just like me I grabbed my little dude up Looked him in his eyes You can't understand right now I apologize How could I not want you here and be that selfish Fuck was on my mind at the time my bad I couldn't help it Naw mean I couldn't help it (Talk to em right quick) For real I couldn't help it Even though I tried Must have been something going on inside No lie I couldn't help it I couldn't help it [Verse Two] (Talk to em) Now this is how you know we go threw phases (How) Cause he done sold millions of records (And then) Plus they done been together for ages I don't really know how I should say this Me and ole boy done shared a couple of stages But he wasn't around when I saw her in Vegas (ok) She said remember me I though I shouldn't lie I looked baby up and down and said should I Maybe she my ole broad maybe she a singer I looked down and seen that chunky rock on her finger She said I'm blinks wife how you been and what your doing here (Look) I should have asked her that same shit (Cause) Snoop already told me that bitches ain't shit And the industry's so small That's how the game is When you famous Everybody's a bilingual plaintiff And the defendant speaks one language But we exchanged numbers like fuck it (I mean look) All we gone talk about is music (And then) Neither one of us will ever use it (I was wrong) Shorty she ain't hesitate to use it Four A.M. where do I began She's leaving the club I'ma bag the win She's so aggressive like what room are you in I ain't answer she said meet her downstairs in ten So now we totally disrespecting his star I'm with his bitch She in his car she said hop in let's head to the strip bar Bad ass friend with her (den she turned around and) and then she kiss ma And now I'm so confused She start telling me bout how she's so abused How he beats her as how he takes that figure And in my head I'm thinking about how I don't blame that nigga We hit the club like everything is wonderful She's touching me I'm feeling uncomfortable And then the D.J. threw on something slow I'm grinding on her friend now she wanting to go Dude wife start whispering in my ear I'm starting to see it clear she don't care Shorty down with whatever She said let's go to your room all together (and I'm) I'm sure the two of us will make it worth your while Now your friend looks great and I really want to fuck her But I can't be your side dude can't be your lover Called on my old school trick just to duck her We got to the room told her I ain't have a rubber  I thought it worked at first (but) One look disappointed and one looked hurt But her trifling ass when and made shit worse She reached down and pulled a few of those from her purse (bioch) Got on her knees started playing with the head All her dude's lyrics started playing in my head Her friend jumps in probable feeling left out I'm filled with guilt cause all I could think bout was  He has her on T.V. with your kids I got her on the T.V. in her ribs Please god forgive Regret what I did That ain't the life style I wanna live Just then I couldn't help it Ta ha, Ta ha, Ta ha Naw I couldn't help it Mic, ma mic I couldn't help it Even though I tried Must have been something going on inside No lie I couldn't help it I couldn't help it Naw I couldn't help it Talk to em The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Drew "Andrew DeFilippo" Hudson, Joe "Dub B" Kool Album: Padded Room Song: Adrenaline Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Joe Budden] Give it away now! Uhh I mean, make sure the light's on in this muh'fucker Is that supposed to be though, let's make it hot L-look look look look look; I can't call it I always seem to take one step backward and five steps forward Nothin to gain, it's like everything's mortgaged Y'all can love me or y'all won't, go 'head and talk shit Cautious, report shit (I mean) live out of hell Since all my dudes either alive or out of jail (ohh!) Won't fold, won't curl - no wonder all this weight's on my shoulders I'm sittin on the bottom of the world! They say, tears are words that your mouth can't speak (ohh!) Rubber on every arm could fire but can't reach I say, streets learn you what the schools can't teach My job's to get a gospel that the church won't preach Somethin like a rock star, keep the live band Just sub my True Religions for those skin-tight pants (yeah!) Ass on my wife, no nice implants I mean no accessories, the crime's been an accessory It's a thinkin man's world, shit is chess to me So let the king move, meantime let it be My blood is on FIRE in this muh'fucker! Pack your bags, packin up for the weekend We 'bout to do this! Let's GO! [Chorus: Dub B] Adrenaline's rising You could feel the fire rush right through the veins Look on the horizon You could see the sun, but the night still controls the pain-yay-yay-yain [Drew Hudson] Yo... it's the Junk Yard Gang, Drew Hudson reppin Jersey Reverse the psyche on life and do the mic dirty Tired, hungry and thirsty, motherfuck fame Matter fact, when this verse ends forget my name It's the message not the man, the vision not the plan No glitz or glam, just pure connection with the fans Half your downloads get deleted with the spam These dudes keep it so real, they come across fake Straight boring, ignore these wack bastards Approach us too forward, these frauds is ass backwards I just vividly spit it to pick it differently Rip all the vodka, swig it then pissin on negativity The pen's mightier than the trigger, strike 'em when I spit Real catchy, huh? I don't even like that shit What I like, a rock flow that's lava Melodic, with a high dose of more fire The fire and the rain, the fire in my veins is hot Can't be stopped with fire brigades UHH! No image, I'm livin every synonym twisted In this syllable spliff six of them hits'll leave you lifted All heart and gut, feelin the hunts Adrenaline rush, c'mon! Shit's heatin up [Joe Budden] Uh-huh, l-look look; I wear a K as a weapon Eye through scope case my foes at the top of my stairway to heaven And I, pop a big step, dressed in my fly shit iPod, headphones on bumpin my shit I never cared, I was careless Fear bein afraid (or) or maybe I'm afraid to be fearless (Or) Or fear bein fearless but fearful So even in my carelessness, gotta be careful I'm like, who's that lookin threw my peephole? When did my alter-ego get a ego? He wants the rims chrome Me I'm tryin to push the pedal 'til my FOOT'S on the ground like a Flintstone Bluetooth, my girl on the horn bickerin But even though when she SCREAM I hear it like whisperin I been around noise all my life I've been poised baby all my life, just let me live my life! Live yours, make your own highlight Then meet me at the top like a butterfly knife Then you'll, learn how to see without eyesight If, at first you don't succeed then try twice See I don't write it I will it, reel it, real shit Paint a masterpeice then unveil it, come I'm 'bout to reveal it! Destroy it, rebuild it Then conceal it before another nigga steals it (I mean) Milk shit, not a pessimist, I'm a realist When you think you on, I go and hit the killswitch Drummer rockin, he's ill bitch If they sleep don't wake 'em, just drill shit See I'm somethin they gotta deal with! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Emanny Album: Padded Room  Song: Happy Holiday Typed by: Nathan2180@hotmail.com Chorus (Emanny) Everydays the same to me  Seven days in every week Some look forward to it  But I don't change as for the holiday's You can have your Christmas tree (Hello) Go get drunk on New Years eve  Some look forward to it (Can anybody hear me) But I don't change cause every day's a holiday  Hey, Cause every days a holiday Hey, Cause every days a holiday [Joe Budden] Mic check 1212 Mic check 1212 If ain't tell me tomorrow was my birthday I would never know  Understand I'm kinda bad with dates  I don't need a party but a nigga need cake  Cause I got to much on my plate to celebrate  Whole family unemployed  So incomes now a void Footin everybody's bills  So naturally I'm annoyed  It's like the year kinda flew by  And like a fool I sat back and scrutinized  I'm high beaming on a dark road  All my goals now ashes on charcoal I spark stogs  Disregard car's  Just cause my hearts cold I'm carrying cargo No offense  Don't need a phone call or a presents  I mean honestly I don't want none of ya'll present  Cause I won't pretend like my everyday struggles went away so I'mma treat this like any normal day  Everydays the same to me  Seven days in every week Some look forward to it  But I don't change as for the holiday's You can have your Christmas tree (Hello) Go get drunk on New Years eve  Some look forward to it (Can anybody hear me) But I don't change cause every day's a holiday [Verse two] If they ain't tell me tomorrow was Halloween I'd never known I've never been the type to keep up with dates so while ah  Everybody is putting there mask on  Nigga I rock mine all year  Just to avoid stares To come across like a nigga who cares  So to my peers I can look like I'm really sincere Yeah  Everything's not what it appear I fear being rare my costume aware  I swear I won't take it off like near It's weird  Even when I take it off shits near To some my outfit is sheer So I despise their jeers cause they know I see them all as mirror Don't love ya'll enough to let you see me bare  Let you see how he's impaired  Naw I'm not there We tend to run from anything weird  At least on holloween ya'll would stay right there  Yeah  Everydays the same to me  Seven days in every week Some look forward to it  But I don't change as for the holiday's You can have your Christmas tree  Go get drunk on New Years eve  Some look forward to it  But I don't change cause every day's a holiday [Verse three] If I didn't read it was Christmas I'd never known  Maybe I'm wrong I don't give a fuck about dates  So while everybody's unwrapping gifts  I'm trying to capitalize of mine  Just to get some shine  Outta recline while I'm still in my prime  To many time when the date came I ain't have a dime  So I look at my friends with envy   For some reason them getting gifts would offend me  Like there home was perfect  Mine felt empty  They say that it's the thought that counts  I had plenty  Like why  On thanksgiving my family would never visit  And even when they did it always seemed so scripted  Like they was forced to  Like small talk would resolve the 364 days they ain't call you  I should act like ya'll somebody I'm close to  Holidays don't make me socials  I have to be vocal  Everydays the same to me  Seven days in every week Some look forward to it  But I don't change as for the holiday's You can have your Christmas tree  Go get drunk on New Years eve  Some look forward to it  But I don't change cause every day's a holiday The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Padded Room Song: Do Tell Typed by: nathan2180@hotmail.com Tell my mother I'm sorry I never meant to hurt her And even when I did I never meant to take it further Tell my father I love him Dot dot etcetera He use to give me advice like a plethora I tried to find myself but I'se your replica I mean I only tried to be what you never was Tell my older brother I'm bad at being a brother I know I never told you just how highly I think of ya Tell my grandmother man she's always been a friend of me  I would've visited more if I wasn't in to me Tell tre I think his mother is an ass hole When you get older you might understand how that goes Tell the hood I left not for greed or wealth I did it for my own sanity to keep my health I tried to bring a few with me hoping we can cash in But all they said is I ain't do it in a timely fashion Tell music she saved me when shit was adverse My first love I'd give my life so she could have hers Tell my friends each one they taught me how to be one I owe to them part of everything I've become Tell fame I ain't want it naw keep it a hundred I tried my best to go and get it but the nigga fronted (so) I lie dormant Living threw torment Tell cops I got warrants I don't warrant  Tell the therapist Look I never thought I'd get here Somebody ask love why she ain't want to live here So in this place there's a lota pride Anybody thinking they know me I apologize Grandpa is 80 plus Still being strong Tell the fake niggas keep on keeping on Faithfully tell everybody who hated me Basically all it ever did was motivated me They say I'm difficult so to put it simply Tell the world I never cared it was against me Tell god to be there in case I fall Tell the fans I never jipped them I always gave them my all Tell my girl She put me threw it But if I had to go threw it with anybody I'm thankful it's her Tell every member of my family For to long I hid behind my own insanity it got me caught up And somebody tell currency I chased him to the death I thought I'd catch the nigga till I ran outa breath Tell my bruises I'm fine I'm good I normally heal quick Tell the rain come down I need to feel it I told the nigga give me a hand but he wouldn't I kept telling myself I can't Until I couldn't If niggas want to kill me tell em I already died Tell anybody that will listen i tried Till the water ran dry tell the water get the fuck out my eyes Tell the crust it taste great but I'd much rather the pie Ask success what I have to do to succeed Then tell my twin brothers I look at them like my seeds Ya'll with be the mouths I feed If a nigga ever tell me how to get rid myself of some of this greed I tell em that I'm grown really I ain't finish growing Look tell failure I ain't want to get to know em Tell the stick up kids to come and get me Tell the stereotypes I tried them shits on they didn't fit me Tell who ever I wronged I apologize They tell me though there bumps in the road But still I gotta ride they tell me I got a lotta pride I tell them how the fuck you gone tell me what I got inside Then they wanna lecture a nigga tell me life is what you make it That's when I tell them I beg to differ The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Padded Room Song: Angel in My life Typed by: Nathan2180@hotmail.com [Phone Conversation] B: Hello Mike: Ayo b what's hood yo B: What's going on mike Mike: Aye I've been trying to get in touch with mouse, you spoke to him lately B: What you mean I spoke to him you ain't hear Mike: Naw B: Nigga got dragged out his house in a fucking straight jacket Mike: For what B: Cause he talking about killing himself and taking people with him Mike: You lying B: Then they found mad drugs in his system man this nigga's gone he's lost yo [Verse One] Let look behind the servaski crystals (and what) Behind the 50 caliber's and the pistols (go ahead) Misuse pardon self gotta excuse my issues For me just to have them a ritual But I ain't as crazy as I seem to be It's just that nothing is the way that is seems to me (and I'm feeling) I'm feeling less than drugging him up with anti depressants (so what) In essence I'm threatening my character assessment (Look here) Truth told I figure a few hoes mixed with some new clothes Should cover my loop holes If I'm misunderstood or misguided (I mean it) Started when they passed the L said just try it (I mean when) When I don't want to get out of bed I just fight it (sometimes) Some times I don't eat for days I just diet Only live one so if I just like it I ain't even checking the price I just buy shit I'm thinking that will just hide it But all it takes is life to ignite shit Thinking bout death wondering how I'm gone go I can't be insane for just wanting to know In my head I die often (I use to) I use to think of suicide often Good suit on and a nice coffin But that ain't something I would try myself Still they locked me in this room all by myself I need a I think I need a [Phone Conversation] Mike: I can't even believe this shit you saying right now yo that don't even sound like mouse B: just like we was at the club the other night this nigga ran out the club start shooting my man up Mike: word!!! B: For no reason then this nigga talking about he's the only one who can save him the apocalypse is coming and he's the savior of all mankind Mike: that's crazy B: that nigga ain't his self no more [Verse Two] They say my symptoms are aggressive They title me a compulsives obsessive slash manic depressive They tryina tell me that I'm a con and I game niggas That's one reason I don't even entertain niggas Not important who they are I won't name niggas They like to say I have a tendency to blame niggas I keep fucking shit up but keep trying (Listen) If ya'll would just trust me I wouldn't just keep lying (Listen) If I had bread I wouldn't be in debt Let me clarify get in-depth I feel like every time I been less Whenever I invest Whenever I am set I feel like I'm in-epth I try to make them understand but they just wont ac-cept  I'm telling 4 million other I am the temp-late There ain't a book that tells a story there is no index We got some different type of cuts and no there not princess All this indigess seemingly endless how I take in stress When I always went best Aching in my chest Yet and still it won't break me (why) They say the room's padded for my own safety (Naw) But the cushion don't soften shit They locked the door but still they let my thoughts in it And no one can tell me why I'm here I can't even see the sky from here I guess my time is near [Phone Conversation] Mike: ayo we really need to go see that nigga yo B: hum... I don't know we could do that but last time I saw him he wasn't looking good they had him in the room I.V.'s all in his arm looking like he was in a daze like his body was there Mike: you spoke to him B: Mentally he was gone they wouldn't let me near him they had a guard by him on 24 hour watch had all these prescriptions he was taking  Mike: damn yo that's ain't even him B: I don't know what's going on with that nigga I just gotta keep him in my prays hope everythings good The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Padded Room Song: Pray For Me Typed by: Giogoingpro@earthlink.net Look, I woke up without a heart beat But I remember we was just in the car deep Was at a light and got approached by a car thief He pulled out but didn't ask for no car keys A loud noise without a voice but I'm tryna scream out shit is not fair I can't tell you where I'm at or how I got here Surrounded by all white maybe its just cloudy Escorted by two men who knew everything about me Both of them so strong kept saying hold on Feel like my souls gone naked no clothes on I know this can't be my fate I scream WAIT! as they drop me infront of a gate They left no trace... I can see my every breath like a cold day Stood before a man with no face  he said to me... ::voice:: ::Please don't make this any harder...:: WHO THE FUCK IS YOU? ::My child I'm your father...:: I only got one dad! ::Is that a fact to you? He left you when you was young I brought him back to you Your real close to heaven, few get to step in now tell me what you've done to deserve to be let in?:: Look I'm far from a christian Not big on religion But aint done too much wrong my entire time living Never killed never tried too tho I been lied to Was once suicidal never read the bible I always been a care taker tried to nurse people At times it back fired hurt people hurt people Plus I never use your name in vain But you should know everything I'm being asked to explain ::I know you stole from your mothers purse:: You can't count that, that was way back when! ::Its still a sin:: But I was ten! ::You robbed people, stole:: Yeah and YOU made me see jail! ::but I also seen you lay your hands on a female sold drugs to parents none of that was needed abandenned your child, on every girl you cheated Done wrong to people that only want the best for you Any time you thought you were alone I was next to you:: When it came to baby moms GOD you gave me the worse one! ::but that was your second child Joe you shouldn't killed the first one:: I aint have a job aint have a pot to piss in ::Look I gave you a gift and you made the wrong decision Held onto resentments even in doing business I lead by example, I teach forgiveness your entry can not be Gur-an-teed not when you live with anger, envy, greed pride, sloth, lust even gluttony everything you shouldn't if you woulda joined my company:: Look I'm only human I aint perfect. ::That I understand. When I take you out a jam you don't even think to worship, and when you do... you never talk about what you can do for me its what I can do for you? I blessed you with health, family and wealth with all the blessings you received you still always want help:: Yeah theres been times in my life I needed help to make money  But why everything I love you manage to take from me? Yet you stand there an question a nigga that tries hard and finds a way when you keep dealing them FUCKED up cards! You make mistakes like ME far as I can see I think its a mockery whenever rich niggas win the lottery Gave us Busch twice God I hate to be rude  But you let skinny niggas starve give obese niggas food THE NERVE of you telling me I don't deserve to stay here When you gave us drugs and GUNS you put AIDS here! Take a look at you, your actions are cold hearted The harsh shit is you bring babies in the world retarded I know most my actions put me in a cell But how you mad at me when you put me in the hell ::See my child you need gratitude, maybe just a sample I never give a person anything they cant handle Don't tell me about everything you had to go through there's reasons for my actions even if I never showed you Kept trying with you all you did was hurt me still gave you chances to prove that you was worthy and so I sat with you on a train I asked you for change you kept calling me names. Prolly didnt notice I was the store clerk, you put the gun to me get money for more work my child I know you have it in you to indeed stop this is not your final calling just a brief stop Hope you heed my words and understand so when I see you back you should be a better man look at life different the next time we see each other there be no need for talk whenever we meet each other:: The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Padded Room Song: Who Pt. 1 * Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com * Amalgam Digital download bonus track [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] (*echo*) I mean a (yeah) I'm doin all these interviews (cheah) Everybody (Jump Off!) want to know what I think of the state of hip hop  (uh) Whether I think it's dead or not (uh) Question ain't whether it's dead (uh) It's more like (it's) It's more like who killed it? (it's, it's what?) (It's that On Top Music!) Now look, look, look [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Can anybody pinpoint the day it went wrong? I mean I used to blame reggaetón I can't front, I thought all that was corny (I can't front, I thought all that was corny) Was it Ja's fault? Lil' Mo said she ain't get paid for +Put It On Me+ (She ain't get paid for +Put It On Me+) Look, bring it up and dudes get on some coy shit (or) Was it T-Pain with that funny voice shit? (or) or was it Lil Wayne with that funny voice shit? The whole game did growed that funny voice shit (The whole game did growed that funny voice shit) I can't tell when it happened Was it when Lil Jon showed dudes you could sell without rapping? Was it +Laffy Taffy+? I thought they was kiddin Shawty Lo said +Dey Know+ (Dey Know), I really didn't (naw) Dancin became cool again, then came +Walk It Out+ But I ain't know what the fuck niggaz was talkin about (But I ain't know what the fuck niggaz was talkin about) Unit kicked Game out, they ain't give a fuck Then we seen the same shit happen to Buck (Buck) It was a few years ago but I remember the summer (what happened?) 50 made fans start lookin at the numbers (oh) A&R's won't take risks, they won't sign niggaz The word 'swag' come out, started to blind niggaz (started to blind niggaz) Rap dudes want reality shows And my dumb ass is thinkin that reality's soul Did it start with the iPod Or when rappers had to pay DJs for them to do they job? (do they job) I mean all the content is the same, it won't differ (it won't differ) Everybody sold some drugs or pulled triggers (or pulled triggers) More you think about it, you gon' just get sicker And why the fuck would Nas want to call his shit "Nigger?" (Nigger!) Was it when the Wu broke up? Pac, Big Pun, went to sleep, never woke up Lupe was doin a tribute and choked up And some of these stupid ass fans like - "so what?" (like so what?) Some of them they ain't educated And fuck blamin the south, we ain't segregated I mean (nigga), was all good around the 'Kiss and Beans shit Take a left turn around the 'Kiss and Green shit (around the 'Kiss and Green shit) Maybe it all started, when Roc-A-Fella parted Wait, (is it?) is it natural to shift toward fame? (is it?) I watched every last one of dudes shit on Dame Kind of got that in common, I could dig that pain When they gave Jay a desk and suit They finally gave a rapper a chance to come execute But something told me the suits at the tables was hurtin They fired everybody, labels started mergin (They fired everybody, labels started mergin) As far as sales, the decline is strong Ask the experts, they'll say that the climate's wrong (They'll say that the climate's wrong, I mean) I mean, some niggaz' primes is gone I peeped it when niggaz started puttin fake diamonds on (oh) You could tell a dude, "I spit better than you" But then, he'll say I'm richer for whatever I do (come on) I seen all this comin, I knew what we was in for Back when Erick Sermon had jumped out of the window (oh) Was it when Mase retired and couldn't hack it? T.I.P. could, he just needed some more ratchets (just needed some more ratchets) DJs, producers, one's that get us the farthest Said "fuck rappers!" and they became the artists I got to talk candid Did we start havin issues around the same time Jimmy and Cam did? (oh) Was it when Chingy thought he ain't need Ludacris? His next album found out that that was ludicrous (ludicrous!) Papoose and Clipse both survived Inkin with Jive, then gettin jived Your man J-Hood repped that D-Block gang Then I seen dude draggin his D-Block chain Or did one hit wonders change it all along? They made labels only want to sign a dude's song And you really don't know shit If you think the fans pick the videos on "106" (nigga) D I'm just statin the truth Did it start when Fox stayed in the news more than she did the booth? (oh) Or was it when Lil' Kim stopped exploitin sex? The fuck is up with DMX? I hope dude straight (dude straight) Have an opinion and they gon' say you hate (you hate) I can't front, I'm missin the old Clue tapes (oh) The underground sunk further The Feds was on Irv, so the Inc. dropped Murder I never blamed Fab, Jeezy, Rick Ross (naw) Did shit get lost when Shyne went up north? (naw) I never understand the hip hop police When hip hop is what hip hop needs to police! (hip hop needs to police nigga!) These blatant ass radio attempts sound so bland (oh!) Twista kept tryin to recreate +Slow Jamz+ (nigga!) Did we send the wrong message with our slang? There's broke niggaz blowin their rent to "make it rain" So you walk in, give a bitch a few twenties And she'll smirk her face up, lookin at you funny (you funny) This chick told me she only take new money Man I snatched my shit back so fast (man I snatched my shit back so fast) Or did it start when rappers said "fuck it!" Sacrificed music, started rapin their budget (whoa) Nothin wrong with dudes being candy or pop Somethin was wrong when Joc did the +Candy Shop+ (fuck is wrong with him?) We buyin our own records, maybe no one's to blame Are we a business that we can't afford to maintain? The second week show that boy's numbers ain't high I hate to break it to you, numbers always lie Or when Ortiz signed to Aftermath And now he's feelin the aftermath (my nigga) Was it Fight Club fuckin with them battle raps? But not too many of 'em gettin signed after that (signed after that) I mean, some can't stay afloat A million Busta albums, he still not mention with the G.O.A.T. (nope) Fuck lookin for answers, time'll tell Was it when Def Jam didn't want to resign L? A fifteen year old told me Cass was ass But rather than spaz, all dude could do was laugh (whoa) Or was it when the whole east coast fell off Or got comfortable, maybe dudes was to well off (maybe dudes was to well off) The more niggaz said that they ain't write down lyrics The more it started to sound like they didn't But do whatever you can to keep the lights on But dumbin down just became the new Dylan Honestly I ain't know what to think A few years ago, we had the young kids wearin pink I can't blame the fans for not knowin a damn thing When we trained 'em to be this way I mean showed 'em whatever to sell with no limits Since the early '90's sold 'em a false image So when some shit come that don't fit the mold It's like a mole (it's like a mole), nigga you won't even do gold (nigga) They watch the videos See you on the corner with a whole bunch of people and think that you hood (and think that you hood) They turn on the TV, see these video bitches And they think niggaz' girls really look that good (really look that good) I mean they give so many free verses When the album drops, shit's more like a bonus (more like a bonus) Why pay for it, why take onus? With one click of a mouse, they could own it (oh) I mean some of them are fooled so easily By whatever we say or we show 'em on TV (we say or we show 'em on TV) But that was all part of the plan Or was it when Eminem made +Stan+ I swear some of these fans (I swear some of these fans) They put they whole life on the line It's like they can't like more than one rapper at a time Less about the product, more about the digits, it's a business (*fades out*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Padded Room Bonus Track Song: Who? Part 2 Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com It's a business; we got less fans and more critics Maybe we at a cross Canibus made one of the dopest diss records but some still say he lost And I ain't believe my ears when niggas tried to tell me That KRS-One had a rap beef with Nelly If rap was alive, we'd be trying to be the best rappers ever Not the best rapper alive But you won't get accepted at all if you ain't street tough Onyx was the hardest 'til Sticky got beat up Now ‘I'm A Thug' is how I got to behave If I want to be paid, if I want to see praise You know something's wrong when niggas are getting shot And you got to sit and wonder if the whole thing's staged It ain't real no more Or did we just expand on our audience, maybe we appeal to more Or, do we just think ya'll are just getting dumber? We tried to make getting older getting younger Did we lose our hunger? Something's got to give Did we outgrow ourselves? Is hip-hop for kids? If it is, they turn on MTV Cribs And think, "That's where these motherfuckers really live!" Or, was it when Lauryn Hill dropped a classic? So did the Fugees, till Wyclef tapped it Songs don't do it no more, the shit's shocking Seen it when "Lean Back" had the whole world rocking Now it's "Fuck your bars!" if your hook is fly So we look at Crooked I with a crooked eye Dope ass rappers ain't seeing no dough If everything's commercial, where the fuck is the show? But anybody making a dime, see, I'm a wish well Still we took a big L losing Big L Or was it when YouTube came in the game? Now nobodys from their living room can make a name Or when Indies like Koch came and blew up Niggas at the majors, they literally threw up To some, it ain't fun no more You know it's fucked up when DMC don't talk to Run no more Too many egos, like we ain't one no more Shit's predictable, niggas ain't stunned no more We starting to see shit we never seen before At one point, we even had the magazines at war Or, was it street DVD's like Smack Showed you just how stupid your favorite rapper would act? This shit get lifeless When MTV made a list of the hottest and ignored the nicest Changed the whole steelo I mean the averaged fan never heard of Goodie Mob or a Cee Lo But they heard of Gnarls Barkley And Dr. Carter still say we got a heartbeat I ain't going to lie, I was scared to death, straight up I started to hear rumors of an OutKast breakup I was like, "That ain't true, it sounds desperate" Then started to see Big Boi and 3K separate Had periods where it was drier than a desert Are we all killing this shit? Is it a group effort? Are we alive and well or barely surviving? Is it R&B's fault? Them niggas is thriving Then a lot of people go and blame LimeWire I don't think it's downloading dog, the line's tired Did the fans just get tired of the outcome? One dope single and a bullshit album So they share albums with each other Was it Master P with them ugly ass album covers? Or when we started appearing in the news? Timberland said they didn't want black niggas wearing they boots I mean, I know it got foggy, at least blurry When the label dude got knocked out by Keith Murray Or was it when we became obsessed with the brand names? Had the kids trying to buy shit they can't name And some think the evidence is ample Did it start when Puff took advantage of the sample? Is it all watered down with no fire? If you had enough money you can buy a ghostwriter Or the Diamond District, Jacob the Jeweler Had to buy his watch to be looked at as cooler Fucking with them trends Our stupid asses wasted a hundred grand on shit that ain't even in Look, is the game now as bad as it's ever been? It's not ringtones, just the songs that they represent I heard all of them The sad part I wouldn't recognize most these niggas if I saw them I can't explain it, I don't know what to tell you Now going Gold is look at as a failure Maybe old heads in charge just weren't able DJ's is spinning now with no turntable Maybe the fans are just bored of us Or maybe there ain't enough room for all of us It's like even a friendship will stop at a point Mike Jones went platinum off of Slim Thug's joint But there's so many ways to get fucking rich Supahead caked off by just sucking dick Did we sell out just to get in demand more? Did we go against everything we used to stand for? Both are likely There's two sides to a coin, who you rolling with: Souljah Boy or Ice-T? Some niggas want to sit around and complain about I rather analyze, seek how it came about If we could rewind the world We wouldn't have to watch Flava Flav try to find his girl Look, today it's all about marketing and promo I remember VH1 was just for old folks But no ma'am If I ain't know better, I would think that mix show is now programmed We let the power of the dollar annihilate us Now the size of our chain going to validate us It's too simple; they can't think we're really deep I just heard Chris Brown on the A Millie beat Seen a video, it's called looking ass niggas Grabbed the remote, tired of looking at niggas But that let a nigga know if we ain't dead Then we just half alive, maybe brain dead Did it start when Capone left Nore? Nah, he went to jail, that's a whole different story Or, maybe something's really wrong with our ears Obie Trice got dropped, so much for +Cheers+ Female emcees, they don't ever hit the target Somebody said they saw Amil working in a Target The sad part is we already lost Remy Or did we go wrong when E-v-e got skinny? What's up with Jacki-O, Rah Digga? That I can't figure And Trina ain't been the same since +Nan Nigga+ I know it had to do something to his heart beat When Lady of Rage started doing Steve Harvey I know we caught a little trauma Somewhere between Yo Yo, Boss, and Lil Mama Lot of females found another way to extort Most of our video models have turned escort Do anything to see dough So they'll exchange sex with an artist or director for a lead role Or should we get back to basics? Where's the Rakims or the Master Aces? The Big Daddy Kanes, or did we never recover From Dre not being on the side of Ed Lover Or when rap dude started signing their friends Instead of going out and trying to find niggas with skill? Seen it happen when D-12 put out +Purple Pills+ And while the whole hood laughed, them niggas sold a mil Some of us ain't prepared for something so lucrative I just heard Yung Berg say some stupid shit Like we almost caught one in the torso When each Bone Thugs member took they own crossroads Some disagree, some got to see the same Or maybe Hip-Hop died on Aailyah's plane If it relocated where did it move to? I still Love H.E.R. the way Common used to Or did Bill O' Reilly come fuck up the spirit With negative remarks about everybody's lyrics? Spend all this time dissing us Nigga you 95-years old, motherfucker shouldn't be a listener Lost Jam Master, who was +Tougher Than Leather+ Or did it start when Treach started fucking Pepa? As our jeans got tighter and our tee's got longer I'm trying to figure which age group do we belong to Or did we all go astray the second Dr. Dre left N.W.A.? I mean in my opinion we was on easy street When he was beefing with Eazy-E Or did we get fucked up when producers found a way to cheat? Signing unknown niggas to start making their beats If you sell your own shit it got to go for cheap Put my name on it so the price increase Or, is it cause everybody's so self-centered? Is that the reason Hip Hop itself ain't centered? Or have we already seen this shit with our own eyes? Rico Suave, Hammer, and Vanilla Ice Everybody want in the game so in return You got label executives fucking their interns And anybody looking at that new Vibe bracket Should see that they don't know a thing about this rap shit Or maybe we should of stopped being proud When there was no more Rawkus and no more Loud Tried to get conscious around Vote or Die So they made it look like all our votes was lies As the years go on it's like we keep getting more voids We got lost when we lost one of the Lost Boys I knew we was impersonating a fraud When Kay-Slay smacked my man at the awards Regardless, it's our fault as artists Running with entourages who act like they ain't never left the projects Who do we want to target Will they put an Uncle Murda CD in a Wal-Mart or a Target We got the nerve to not want to hear Ras Kass But fuck with V.I.C. "Get Silly" and that trash I felt ashamed When J-Kwon told me he ain't like Raekwon cause he stole his name Was back when everybody in the club got +Tipsy+ Now every contract got to be 360 So fuck eating better scrape the plate Now every beat got to at least have an 808 Did the lights get dim when we first heard Mims And said "Another New York rapper on the South tip"? Is it overcrowded? They keep saying, "If it's so fucked up, then do something about it" I doubt it, there's just one thing they don't understand That job is way bigger then just one man Or maybe all of these pleas that it's deceased Is false and it's right where it needs to be? Maybe we built on something that'll last forever See ‘Face and Geto Boys just got back together Maybe no one can stop us, even other genre's now jock us We even doing songs with the rockers How is that the feeling? Kanye's +Amazing+, Wayne just sold a Million We closer to a ceiling How are we in a coma When we the only business you can excel without a diploma? Technology changed, made everything simple MySpace is now a dude's bio slash demo Aside from this rap we generating more money We took it global and penetrated other countries So let's celebrate, sip some Cris Some more shit we embrace just to end up dissed Go and buy the bar out so we can all get bent Let's go and cop a bunch of cars just to still pay rent Or here's another bright idea to entertain Let's go and put our face on the bottom of a chain Are some of us just nigga rich, with nigga money? While jews keep laughin, "Look at these nigga dummies" Should Hip Hop be a stepping stool Till we find another role we can step into? Some of us doing movies as a matter of fact And some never stopped to plan life after rap I mean, as a whole did we stop moving further Around the time Snoop Dogg went on trial for murder? Or was it Scarface creating these clonies? 30 years later everybody's still Tony Maybe anybody complaining is deranged Can you expect something to grow and not change? We're socially accepted, deviated our old route To simplify the term we all sold out I think I figured out who's to blame Started out Obama, ended up McCain So we Kurt Cobained ourself and we're defeated So next time they ask "who killed it?" tell them "we did" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: Slaughterhouse Song: Sound Off Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Royce Da 5'9"] You herbs we merged, we're an alliance We fight fire with flame-throwers, why would you try us? We a outfit, equivalent to Voltron's That boy Crooked I's equivalent to fo' arms Joell Ortiz is the body The cannibal slash killer, kill you then eat your body Joe Budden is the pair of legs He runs shit alongside I, the apparent head I am the general, bow now Fuck salutin, I don't really think y'all niggaz get it Run up on you with an army it is on 'til it's done, finished You got a problem with any one of my Slaughters  then y'all niggaz can come wit it Me and Joey we a perfect fit He likes startin shit, I like endin shit I don't squash the beef, I don't bend a bit, it ain't intricate I'm gon' shoot yo' stupid ass You too could laugh, you gon' die smilin Try whylin I get hostile then I'm violent I don't make threats nigga I promise My style is Stalin mixed with sick lyrics if you hear it it'll lift your spirit Turn your appearance to a disappearance, d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d (ding) [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] I fuck with, nothin but gangstas Nothin but hustler niggaz, sound off, sound off (HUT!) I fuck with, nothin but my clique Nothin but hot shit follow me, sound off, sound off (HUT!) I fuck with, nothin but gangstas Nothin but hustler niggaz, sound off, sound off (HUT!) I put my, money on my clique Hot shit, comin outta the barrel of my fifth {*click-clack, bang*} [Joell Ortiz] I got a raw flow, and I stay hungry more so Guess that's why I'm the torso I pour sweat when I perform shows What I record goes down as the best but the vets won't let that torch go Y'all could keep it, they got flashlights now and flame-throwers, and I got one on my back right now Remain focused, is what I tell myself now and then Don't wanna go back to that block like where Varejão defends Uh-oh (uh-oh) my stomach growls again, I ain't none of you cowards friends Every human out of my sight, before I count to ten One two three four five six seven eight I'm hungry like I never ate Set a table up with knives forks and spoons, I'm 'bout to get a plate All these weak dummies lookin at me like a pepper steak Me and these dudes never separate, we ain't married  yeah but every time I touch a pen I sorta set a date I'll devastate your career, look I'ma demonstrate Let me get a good breath I take before I regulate {*inhales*} Okay (okay) bye-bye you guys, don't try to rhyme Cause line for line what I design is mine and mines, point is I'm divine And I'm right behind the big guy that shines all the light in mine so my eyes can find a nice dime to grind C'mere girl, toma toma, take that take that [Crooked I] You rappers chasin popularity by any means doin silly things Buyin too many size 20 skinny jeans The West treat me like I'm really king I'm Pacquiao in the Philippines, illest thing them niggaz seen You rappers dressin like you finna sing "Billie Jean" I gotta intervene, fuck you I'ma intervene You loud talkin wouldn't kill a thing Matter of fact, where's your head nigga? I got the guillotine Fuck yo' Hollywood limousine and rented bling I give you three red dots and I call it a triple beam I'll put your pad on your property fag Properly rob you and hop in the Jag If you stoppin the profit the glock'll be poppin your body'll rock a colostomy bag Shot in the abs, moms'll be sad Pops'll be mad, doctor be glad Possibly stoppin a plasma droppin Clock runnin out and the outcome bad Any one of you niggaz that's fuckin with my team Pretty-ass thing with the infra-red beam Sleep on that and get killed while you dream Fuck a rap group, Slaughterhouse a machine Slaughterhouse a regime I'm gooned up if you know what I mean Everybody wanna be down with the king No-no-no-no-no fly zone (no fly zone) [Joe Budden] My one goal's to astonish Tell the president, V.P. (you could) notify the congress They say I'm arrogant, pompous but I'm honest I tell 'em keep an accomplice away from the accomplished They still makin threats on your highness But I tell 'em where I be, they just ignore the compass I think all your mans' Play-Doh I don't buy that movie "Fandango" Fans they know that what, you a soldier to a general, baby steel Got it in the bag, airtight, Navy SEAL Tell lil' dudes I ain't mad at y'all College kids like Asher Roth Y'all just tryin to put food on the table  and I'ma just come and try snatch it off If it ain't from me, most young dudes will be angrily  but anxiously awaitin bankruptcy Wonder what makes lil' muh'fuckers think they're the same as me I'm synchronized, you and your mens'll die Learn certain shit you ain't meant to try Got the ground covered with some niggaz in disguise Best bet's to attempt to fly Shit's a gang, you down you in for life Fuck y'all I ain't gotta generalize Y'all ain't able to write what the pen describes  so when he asked what I meant and why I tell him The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Kay Young Album: Slaughterhouse Song: Lyrical Murderers Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  "This is the life, we gone!" - Royce Da 5'9" "I ain't with the leanin and rockin  That ain't even seen as a option..." - Joe Budden [Intro: Crooked I] + (Kay Young) You're nothin without +Focus+ Woo.. Long Beach (lay your seats back) New Jersey (turn your speakers up) Brook-lyn! Detroit! [Chorus: Kay Young] We-we, we lyrical murrrrrrrrrrrderers Welcome to the Slaughterhouse (What you talkin 'bout?) Where we bring them verbal llamas out, bloaw We-we, we lyrical murrrrrrrrrrrderers Man, we own these streets And the freaks they love us We ain't worried 'bout you fuckers (Slaughterhouse) [Crooked I] Lyrical murderer, blame Rakim I'm a sniper shootin my way into your lame top 10 Pistol at your head if I ain't next to Eminem Then I bust in your face like I'm fuckin Lil' Kim Niggaz better pray to the lyrical lord that I fall off like the umbilical cord before I fill up the morgue This is how a killer record with the double-edged triple syllable sword, I'm iller than all Dineri, see I'm a literary genius Bury niggaz with words, a cemetery linguist Most rappers are comedy gold They like they boyfriend's sodomy hole - they full of SHIT! [Royce Da 5'9"] Now you could walk through the shadow of death next to that shady street Where the verbal cocaine business and 80's meet Where them niggaz is backwards I'm ridin with my daughter in the front with the A.K. in the baby seat We them copycat killers, unleashin venom Commit them lyrical murders and then we re-commit 'em Lyrics be high quality Bitches be givin me brain, my dick be deep in they heads like psychology Independently pennin the best words that were ever said The mixture of Leatherhead and Everclear You can't hide, we everywhere Now, picture a grizzly standin next to a teddy bear [Joe Budden] Yeah Hello hip-hop, I am here, you dyin yeah and I'm aware A beast so at your wake I'll cry lion's tears And that's no disrespect to the pioneers If we ain't who you tryin to hear Somethin either wrong with your eyes and ears I came in this game screamin Jers' Ain't an MC in our lane to try and merge Try and run with our wave But I'm cool with bein Eddie Levert seein my son on stage Gun gon' blaze, act up in this joint And I'ma be Nate Robinson and back up the point Your run's over, run with us or get run over I'm here to save this shit, and I brung soldiers [Joell Ortiz] This is lyrical murder Me and every track have a physical merger When I stab it in the chest I'ma bit of a curver So it bleeds to death, like the middle of a unfinished burger Or sometimes I wrap my hand around his throat Cause he think his kick is slick or his little snare is dope Shoot the bass in the face but sometimes I carry a rope to hang the piano keys when they hittin every note I'm what no beat's able to withstand If you suffer from writer's block and your label got big plans Listen to this fam Slide a little dough out that budget, and hire the instrumental hitman The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: Slaughterhouse Song: Microphone Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  "The-the-the mic, the-the-the microphone" {*repeat in background*} [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, yeah... Too many Indians and no chiefs I pull out the pistol when I pull no piece I'm the blueprint - I have your clothes  lookin like they was designed by bullet holes and shoe prints When I bless a joint - it's like Spock came up in the spot and grabbed the beat by the pressure point I got the Vulcan touch I tell my bitch I'ma, give up drinkin when she give her emotions up Too many enemies and no killers Too many that hate snitchin but know squealers I get stacks (stacks) I blam hard with the click-clack, that Antarctica wrist wrap I spit crack for yard niggaz to get dope Y'all gotta wait for the transporter to get back So who's the illest - what you talkin 'bout? +Die Hard+ like you Bruce Willis when I shoot to kill it Too many hood guys, not enough good guys The way you say pussy in plural, is puss-i I don't be fuckin around on that microphone When I'm kickin them flows on that microphone The illest nigga that's holdin that microphone I put my heart and my soul in that microphone I put it down on that (microphone) Turn up the motherfuckin sound on that microphone [Crooked I] But turn it down if you weak on that microphone Lame niggaz shouldn't speak on that microphone My ultrasounds show me holdin a microphone That's on my momma, I was born with a microphone Groupies love Crooked I on the microphone Like James Brown I'ma DIE on the microphone Too many rappers need to leave this mic alone They on the same bullshit that Mike was on You're lookin at the unseen, listenin to the unheard I kill your career with one word (Slaughterhouse!) You're verbally flirtin with murder, you got some nerve I lift your skirt like a young perv - knock 'em out! We the mob, homie who need a job? Plus I'm so fly tell Derek Fisher I need a lob Too many in this industry I need to rob And if eatin niggaz made you obese, I be The Blob! Fuck props, nigga this a different conquest Listeners hear me spittin think it's a pissing contest I'm in it for power, if cowards try to stop me they better off usin a fishin pole to reel in the Lock Ness Yes! I got a barrel that'll spot wussies If you are what you eat, how come I'm not pussy? [Joell Ortiz] You lil' niggaz better come off that microphone I'm educated but I'm dumb on that microphone Don't even bother, you'll be done on that microphone I turn a father to a son on that microphone I'm a revolver in the slum on that microphone And tell The Source I don't need no microphone Too many critics tend to be silly Too many frogs go ribbit but never leave lillies I get it poppin like a nine milli Now I'm havin a whale of a good time, I'm a +Free Willy+ Y'all lip singers take a pic, click, cheese really Fans, who their man, I'm they quick pick easily None of you kids spit evenly You body my verse is like a thick bitch leavin me Ha ha, too many fantasies and no fame Too many claimin insanity and they so sane Less than wack Scooby Snack lack flow game Rappers everything I do be that crack cocaine Your career is doobie wraps, slap Joe name In any one of them verses say hello to the hearses Too many monkey see, monkey doers I slaughter "pigs" on my "tail" like Punky Brewster [Joe Budden] Niggaz know I get it in on that microphone Y'all don't know where to begin on that microphone I don't see how y'all could win on that microphone A pioneer, I set trends on that microphone Decide who you wan' be on that microphone I see a bunch of lil' me's, micro clones Too many 20 milligram Vic's I'm on Killed the web, it don't matter what site you on Save his mouth 'fore he's runnin off I tell 'em bridge or a tunnel, give a FLUCK how I come across All these wanna be tough guys, son is soft Gun go off, havin like a good show, just spun 'em off Treat old-timers like fags who drop the soap They mic got Alzheimer's, forgot that they was dope Too many dogs, not enough barkin yet Too many blueprints, not enough architects Rhyme ain't started yet, still every bar's a mess FUCK record sales or who the machine markets best I'm the last muh'fucker that y'all should test I'm the sharp shooter, you the nigga I target next Too many frontin like y'all that fly REACH it, cause we set the bar that high (FOOL) [Royce] I don't be fuckin around on that microphone [Crook] You lame niggaz shouldn't speak on that microphone [Joell] You lil' niggaz need to come off that microphone [Joe B] Niggaz know I get it in on that microphone "The-the-the mic, the-the-the microphone" {*repeat to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: Slaughterhouse Song: Not Tonight Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  (StreetRunner) [Intro: Royce] Ladies and gentlemen (HEYYYY! HOOOO!) Slaughterhouse (HEYYYY!) Woo! [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] Slaughterhouse in the place to be, see And we got what it takes to rock the mic We gon' take it back to when niggaz was rockin right We gon' take it back, fuck with me? Not tonight (HEYYYY!) Not tonight (HOOOO!) Not tonight (HEYYYY!) Not tonight We gon' take it back to when niggaz was ah, ah, ah [Royce Da 5'9"] Nickel, uhh Round of applause for the dope boys Here's to the phenomenal quote boys Y'all don't understand this a phenomenal brand The smack goin down like cube diamond on hand Haha, if that rapper alive He probably happy just to slap me a five Homie the game ain't dead, it's just a couple key athletes died It's why I'm rappin like I have to revive (Slaughterhouse!) The mix of Magic and M.J. passion Get in the way it's gon' be tragic as M.J. passin With ears like D-R, the CPR The game'll never breathe its last breath because we are [Crooked I] The house gang, rap's holy alliance Why you so scurred? I'm only a giant I do it late night, call me Conan O'Brien And the nose on my gun look like Pinocchio lyin Last king to Scotland sippin good liquor If you're Meagan Good, I'm Forest Would-Dick-'er Oscar winner, Oscar wiener If you're flow's Aquafina, I'm Katrina Uh, y'all say that your pockets are big I'd rather say that I'm 'Pac mixed with Big You're lookin at a microphone rocker on vodka That's why I be walkin awkward, ya DIG? [Joe Budden] (Joey!) Look, forever had to warm him Take him to the cleaners, plastic bag on him I ain't like y'all, I don't like y'all Put him in lyrical jail with suicide thoughts kick the chair hang him from his mic cord What's the fight for? Never back down I'm on some bullshit, quick sippin Jack now Royce on Patrón, Crook got the chron' Guess what I'm tryna say is leave them boys alone How you got hope - had nothin to prove and had nothin to lose and now we got both Celebration bitches, now we got toast But with no ratchets, Joell go 'head attack it, uh [Joell Ortiz] Real nigga, rhyme spitter, hoe bagger Boast swagger, flow dagger, hip-hop toe-tagger No slacker, I could chill but I'd so rather eat a nigga cause he's sweeter than a glass of Goldschläger Poor rappers, here on y'all won't matter And I'm out braggin every interview so you mo' matter I'm the man in the booth With +A Few Good Men+, and "you can't handle the truth" (no!) And y'all could say I'm nice but I'm not I'm mean, flow coke with ice in the pot The fiends gon' go broke, they dyin to cop My team is so dope you like it or not! [Outro: Royce] We out! Not tonight (HEYYYY!) Not tonight (HOOOO!) Not tonight (HEYYYY!) Not.. {*scratch*} Not tonight (HEYYYY!) Not tonight (HOOOO!) Not tonight (HEYYYY!) Not tonight, ohh! Heh heh... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ The New Royales Album: Slaughterhouse Song: The One Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  Slaughterhouse! [Chorus: The New Royales] Sex and drugs and dirty money On the race to rule the world You cut your teeth on fame and diamonds Your time is up now, three.. two.. one {"One one one one one one one one one one, one" – *KRS-One*} We number one {"One one one one one one one one one, one, one" – *KRS-One*} [Royce Da 5'9"] Y-yea, yeah we them Slaughterhouse rock stars, the pitch is black We signin every titty out, we goin tit for tat Now can you picture that? And how ironic is it that I'm ridin round listenin to Nickelback I'm back, on a pill I'm tryin to have Rod Stewart cars, and Ozzy Osbourne motor skills I'm tryin to have a rich bitch like Paris Hilton That like to get her ass smacked like Keri Hilson Haha, I'm the one, who you tryna be? Nuttin to hide, the jimmy covers up my Tommy Lee The one, I stage dive to a pot of gold I'm empty, nothin's inside me but rock 'n' ROLL! [Crooked I] Crooked's got a gun I'm reckless with +Led+, Zeppelin instead Let's get a keg, let's split a mescaline that mess wit'cha head I'm sexin a lez and her best friend in bed I love these freak women Somethin in my denim need a +Kiss+, call it Gene Simmons They wanna ban me like Marilyn Manson for all the whores in my Baltimore, Maryland mansion I'm the one who wants to +Spear+ Britney Give Pink some black, put it near her kidneys – here kitty! I'm the one who always cause an affair So every time your bitch burp you smell my balls in the air, yeah [Chorus] w/ Joe Budden ad libs [Joe Budden] + (Joell Ortiz) Yeah, yeah; see I'm a on-stage rock star (backstage porn star) Khloe on her +Kar-dash+ (Kourtney on the OnStar) Zoë Kravitz stumblin out the telly in a torn bra (They dribble on my balls in the whip, now that's a sports car) Dawg, you gotta see him when he drive by (Cock-eyed) Have all the +Ladies+ goin +Gaga+ Me? I'm more mellow, so I'm lookin for a La La (You sure? I want a whore, a Gabor, a young Zsa Zsa) (The one, a +OutKast+, I don't need to rock) So I could put my +Love Below+ by her +Speakerboxxx+ The one (Kate Perry try and kiss my wife) And gave me dome at Katie's +Holme+, baby this the LIFE! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: Slaughterhouse Song: Cuckoo Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Royce Da 5'9"] My triggers is stupid, you thugs is funny My guns be, goin "eh" for the love of money Dumb, fabulous rhymer give you luger lasagna Hula hoop, hold ya, I'll put your noodles behind ya Take your takeaway - show up before you perform Hit you in the knee with a bat and tell you to break a leg (Hee-hee) I got the Kris Kross laugh A very angry future, a pissed-off past FUCK hip-hop, I target it I will diss Joe Budden then diss, every legend that started it I'm, cuckoooooooooo! I don't need a hook for this one They say I'm kin to sinnin, yeah, I'm Drama's twin That's right, I'm Vicodin writin with a Klonopin I love stanky hoes - I got a thang  for Keyshia Cole momma man that show, should be "The Frankie Show" I think I need to get some motherfuckin sleep Every strand of hair on my balls is a bloodsuckin leech I be 'urlin while you hear - take your index finger point it at your head and then twirl it 'round your ear I'm, cuckoooooooooo! Ha ha, I don't need a hook for this one! [Joell Ortiz] Nope! Mr. Yaowa, yup! 'Bout to go meat fishin and catch me a crevice, I'm back on the asscheek mission Fuck these petite women, I want me a sloppy hoe that pussy smell like talapio, call me Sloppy Joe I dig your eyes out, watch me though This is bullshit! All the coke don't fit, I need a Scottie nose A can of beef raviolis, I'll bang at ya lid If I don't get it can cop me yo, and a Yankovic vid I'm what, cuckoooooooooo! I don't need a hook for this one The bitches just bitch and the thugs is thuggin The insects is actin like me, and me I'm buggin I hang jump from the sidewalk, hop over the Everglades Tight-rope walk the equator with broken roller blades See you shruggin our pizza oven, your shoulder blades And, throw grenades at your nana's bingo parade Anybody see my anthrax? I'ma pour it on my hands, crawl to Japan and give my man dap I'm cuckoooooooooo! I don't need a hook for this one [Crooked I] Just look at the show he did last Nigga came out in a Dickie suit and a pig mask Robbed a fan and left his pockets on Slim Fast Just co-operate and save that +Hero+ shit for +Gym Class+ You gettin smart alecky with the best 'Til I cut you up and make a art gallery with your flesh Challenge me on the West I'll put a Dodge Challenger car battery in your chest The son of David Koresh I'm, cuckoooooooooo! Nuh-uh (no) I don't need a hook for this one Likkle acts with sickle raps emergin Cursin at church then walkin out back to wax a virgin Murkin a track, killin every feature like I'm a drunk plastic surgeon Certainly dirty past detergent I can get sick as Ozzy Sick as a faggot fuckin the dead body of Liberace, nigga watch me! If you cross me, here's how your life story would begin Once upon a time, THE END!  Cuckoooooooooo! I don't need a hook for this one [Joe Budden] I'ma go fuck bitches, get money, all y'all do to 'em is spoil 'em No rubber wrappin up in aluminum foil They tell me I'm buggin, got rappers tappin the oven screamin Jersey And I'm usin it for stuffin in my turkey Bumpin Ram Jam - with a prostitute's leg in the air jerkin me off, now that's what I call a handstand Body parts in the freezer, what you use for a fever Multiply four million how I'm feelin for my leisure I'm a, cuckoooooooooo! I don't need a hook for this one I'm weird, I'm into voodoo, you know how dude do Towel on the bed, fuck while she +Bloody+ and call it Su-Wu Millionaires sayin lend me a thou' or the semi is out Dump in the bed from sittin Indian style Check it, I'm on fire tryin to make the devil proud of me Sleepin in gasoline case a nigga got it out for me Hang my baby mother off a 30-foot balcony Then look over the body like "Bitch, shouldn'ta doubted me" I'm, cuckoooooooooo! I don't need a hook for this one {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Fatman Scoop Album: Slaughterhouse Song: Onslaught 2 Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Royce Da 5'9"] (Ohh!) Yeah (let's go!) I said once upon a time in a city that's mine There was a nigga named Nickel that spit like Big in his prime He got a 52 box, original tick in the mind Listenin to 'Pac and them drop with a prestigious design My niggaz is dimes, my bitches is dimes I came up behind Eminem in '99 and I took the baton I been runnin shit ever since then, slaughtered MC's Sit and watchin my green grow, like I'm waterin seeds The problem with me is I'm the heart of the streets Niggaz callin for peace, they can't even call the police If I ain't better than you I'm harder to beat Probably cause I live by the art of for-keeps I get indicted after my product's released We a different form, a different centrifugal force Every line is like grippin on a stick shift in a Porsche My niggaz asked for direction to go on this track I said FUCK a direction, spaz out! Get 'em up HIGH [female] Crooked [Crooked I] And for them wack songs that you made I want you to throw your pin, but hold the grenade Explode to your grave - and go straight to hell  when your soul is enflamed for the road that you paved The role that played, in fuckin up hip-hop You owe so you paid, the fo'-fo' close to your brain Closer than the close shave of a low fuckin fade Don't fuck with me, don't fuck with J-O-E With Nickel we gon' make more cheese Heavy hitter, call me Joell David Ortiz (what up!) I point a burner at the plaque on your teeth On some leftover shit, it's a wrap on the beef I'm one in a mil', comin to kill It's like you wanting a pill, my gun put your back on the streets Spine on the concrete lookin at the sun Eyelids heavy, "Why did Crooked have to come? He was full of 'gnac and rum, like a bully actin dumb" Fully-automatic umm, that's Crooked havin fun Listen, don't make a nigga find your dame And make the dime give me brains 'til my mind is drained Listen, don't make me grab a 9 and aim And how your dime did me, do yo' mind the same But different, the West Coast king Crooked I I'm a kamikaze pilot, I stay fly 'til I die – get 'em up HIGH [female] Joell [Joell Ortiz] Here we go again, you know I'm him, Mr. Ortiz Soon as I hold a pen I co-defend the sickest MC's (Slaughterhouse) Pick a disease we got it, I vomit sniffle and sneeze Lyrics squeeze, listen please, Lord help get rid of this fever I'm like 150 degrees 16's used to be sweet, now they're a bit of a tease A nigga need a infinite instrumental just to be pleased Used to dream about livin now I'm livin my dreams The bitches fiend, made my dick a machine Maybe I'm wrong, maybe I am just as fuckin big as I seem When I'm spittin this mean, me and government intervene A couple presidents, literally live in my jeans I give 'em residence, they just let me pick anything When I'm in the mall, they show me the latest kicks on the scene And I get 'em all, I ball like the nigga I am Niggaz hate, bitches +Cheer+ like Norm, Cliff and Diane I'm in a state, of mind that should be the fifty verse I run radio, but I don't use them itty bitty words I ain't shabby with the nouns, I ain't shitty with the verb When I reach heaven I want the nigga Biggie to be like "Word" City slicker, New York delivery when I swerve Hold that mic like the Statue of Liberty, I deserve a shot at the title, Spitter of the Year E'ry year, let's be clear, put some fingers in the air and hold 'em up HIGH {*echoes*} [female] Joey [Joe Budden] Work on your half-court shot, I'm money from far Get 'em mad, see a ape on your monkey bars And that's rate, gettin hate from the wannabe stars And that's great, mean he feel it and know he numb See that bullet comin from around the corner  like a shot from Angelina Jolie's gun; think Joey the one I'm a fake? Ain't your run-of-the-mill I'm from where they kill you for one of your bills For me it's fun, your man think we evenly skilled He Mel Gibson, all that shit he believe, gon' get his son killed Play with a match, FUCK what you take it as No good straight jacket, all I did break the match They say he talk tough with his fake ass Four pounds put me in another weight class +Great Escape+ the +Pad+ Took the jumpsuit off my naked ass and ate the mask You diss me, you wanna be a great that fast? Take a fully-automatic and spray at gas Me? Body a whole shit with a verse probably atrocious In your whole camp, nobody focused They say you the Ultimate Warrior, I agree You die and come BACK, won't nobody know it Drive by, screamin it's a new crew reppin Hangin out the window, like it's "227" Get 'em up HIGH [Fatman Scoop] Get 'em up high, get 'em up high Get 'em up high, get 'em up high Get 'em up high, in the sky Put 'em up high, put 'em up high Put 'em up high, fingers in the sky Put 'em up! Slaughterhouse, Slaughterhouse Ohh, ohh, Fatman Scoop, Slaughterhouse Fatman Scoop, Slaughterhouse Put 'em high, woo! Ohh {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Pharoahe Monch Album: Slaughterhouse Song: Salute Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: 50 Cent sample] Fix your motherfuckin face nigga! Look at these fuckin chimpanzees Bunch of fuckin monkeys... (Mr. Porter!) [Chorus: Pharoahe Monch] I been shot, I been stabbed I took all that I have to give And I never ran, never have Just so all you niggaz can live I never thought there would come a day When my people would turn me away And it really tears me apart Cause I deserve a Purple Heart Nigga you should salute me, nigga you should salute me Nigga you should salute me, nigga you should salute me Nigga you should salute me, nigga you should salute me I, I showed you what a soldier's about, nigga you should salute me [Joe Budden] Typical Joe Budden shit, ridiculed and lovin it The hood know I'm the dude that governed it Paved the way for my sons, laid down the cement for my semen Ain't my fault y'all got stuck in it Lately, it change like the weather, one minute they love me then they hate me; I'm through with shenanigans I don't care if dudes ain't a fan of him Can't checkmate a 8-figure nigga with the moves of a mannequin Talkin 'bout they wan' go somewhere to meet me Man they just wan' go somewhere to meet me Easy don't involve cops in it Got the key to my city, how the FUCK you think you got locked in it? Bitch! [Royce Da 5'9"] 21 Rugers On the hip of 21 goons, 21-gun salutin Bloody funds is what murder money becomes 21 bodies on all 21 guns You from the D and you don't fuck with me, you lame The streets and the internet fuck with me the same So later for that punk shit Cause nigga I'll smoke you, that's why they say I stay on that blunt shit Niggaz'll spray you up before they wet your lady up Then shoot the baby bassinet to shut your baby up And I'm in line with the bread I hold niggaz down doin time in the feds Pharoahe talk to 'em [Joell Ortiz] Properly greet a general I'd have to take steps down to be on a pedestal I am what the 1-8 after the 7 do Give it my all but you want more, you lil' beggar you! Mean it's terrible, I showed hip-hop anyone's edible Never give somethin that's not respectable Never spit somethin that's not incredible Never sold my soul for numbers left of the decimal I done fucked up movements like cerebral palsy You don't know me, don't pause me - I'll throw lead at you Mean I earned e'ry stripe and you know it When you see me put yo' hand on yo' head and push it forward [Crooked I] Before shots land on your head and push it forward Eastside Long Beach, I'm only pushin four words I organize a street massacre You haters know I broke bread with at least half of ya Out of town, hundred pound weed trafficker Got niggaz rockin Long Beach fitteds in East Africa I been stabbed, I been shot, a imperfect part Like my Grape Street niggaz I got a Purple Heart I kill your bitch at the beauty salon on Windham They take a nap on your lawn on a Louis Vuitton pillow Waitin for you to run out and say somethin Come out your face frontin, dumb out and spray somethin Bloaw! So move now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: Slaughterhouse Song: Pray (It's a Shame) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Joe Budden] Lord.. Please continue to guide, direct, and protect my niggaz From the world, and from themselves [Chorus: Joe Budden] Lord can you please shine that light on your sons They sent you a million prayers, you ain't answered near one {"Ohh, it's a shame, baby baby"} It's a shame I'm down on both knees, Father talk to 'em please All you put 'em through is pain, but will it ever cease? {"Ohh, it's a shame, baby baby"} What a shame [Joell Ortiz] Yowwa! What up world? I'm Joell Sixth floor, project door, broke bell Only child, no brother, no sis Moms runnin out the door to go sniff My highwater pants don't fit Afro growin all wild, no pic man {"Ohh, it's a shame, baby baby"} Is what my teacher said for class pics My pops? I don't know where he at He left one day, he said he'd be back The stove keep me warm in the winter I'm tired of Beefaroni for dinner My grandmoms got a bad liver I'm just watchin her fade away Man, I don't know what else to say So at the end of every day I pray, I say [Royce Da 5'9"] What up world? I'm the SHIT I'm headed to Hell in a hand-basket I pop pills, abuse liquor and kill niggaz When I die, God ain't gon' judge, he gon' deal with us That's why them reckless quotes come with my drama My pops while coke-infested, cum in my momma {"Ohh, it's a shame, baby baby"} I know, right? For those nights that I was havin them seizures For those mornings that I was havin trouble breathin C'mon listen; I was only a fo'-pound baby So I grew up into grown and went fo'-pound crazy Daddy was gangsta, mommy was passive Boxin gloves for Christmas, I needed classes My daddy beat our ass, that's probably why we assassins But he'll do anythang for me; Joey pray for me [Crooked I] What up world? I'm a lost soul Challengin the devil standin at the crossroads I just shot a dirty snake with my .38 He shot me too, now I'm waitin at the Pearly Gates I seen the angel Gabriel and I came real A lame tried to kill me, so I aim steel {"Ohh, it's a shame, baby baby"} Ask God is that somethin that he can't feel I had a six-shot popper and I brought it with me I put his thinkin cap somewhere he never thought it would be I didn't son him, he's a daughter to me Instead of hangin with thugs he's slangin drugs, shoulda got a college degree But growin up in the hood'll leave your mind baffled We put haters in the past like time travel That's my murder story, I'm past purgatory I need prayer though, Joey put a word in for me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: Slaughterhouse Song: Cut You Loose Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  "You're no good I have to cut you loooooose, you loooooose" {*repeat in background*} [Royce Da 5'9"] Woo! Hello hip-hop, goodbye music It's like a love-hate relationship Ridin in the Ferrari while takin trips Compared to beer takin sips Sittin somewhere in a Camaro with racin strips Either way you embrace it Can't no amount of money or lady replace it And after all this rhymin If I refer to you as a girl niggaz'd call this Common ... I'm through as a fan No disrespect to music, I'm talkin to you as a man How the FUCK is you flossin a Benz? Listenin to this nigga Rick Ross dissin Em Jim Jones dissin Jay This rap shit done gone a different way (that's right) I know my lawyers play the lies game It's okay for Soulja Boy to say Nas' name Nothin but +Ludacris+ answers The game backwards like dancers shootin on the same dancefloor you grew up and answer to them shooters, now them shooters is dancin ... FUCK you too! You corny so I gotta cut you loose I looked in my book of rhymes, took the sign I swear I heard a few of my nigga Crooked lines [Crooked I] I got these A&R's heart racin Got 'em in fear of me sonnin they flagship artists for spittin {?} This is bar raisin I'm raisin the bar so far tryin to look at it's equivalent to star gazin Think I'd rather be waterboardin – you feel me? Than to listen to what y'all recordin – for real G Hell naw, I will not support it Rather switch places with the child mom's aborted – kill me My skills be on point like a flyin dart Sometimes I feel like the messiah of a dyin art A whole 'nother animal, not the kind that departed on the giant ark But a vulture with a lion heart I eloquently breathe fire I speak for the Eastsiders like I got a Long Beach speech writer And I could teach riders how to do they thang So they won't ruin the game for comin off lame We could be birds of a feather, what does it mean? Think about it, that mean I put you under my wing Or I'ma leave this hip-hop thing to all you wack dudes Cut you loose (you're no good I have to) cut you loose Call me a hater when I'm tellin the truth – expect it SoundScan is unveilin the proof – respect it Here's somethin you could NEVER dispute The last time I spit a rhyme the roof fell in the booth - I wreck shit [Joell Ortiz] Man I feel ruined inside Somebody tell me what to do, I'm a guy that loves music but I am truly through with the vibe Sometimes I wish it was dead, rather than look this stupid alive (word) I found out I been persuin a lie It's nothin like, what I thought, man the proof's in the pie Cause ain't no puddin in the hood when niggaz shoot to survive But what's my single? Ask dude in the suit and a tie Who stole the whip? Man I'm losin my drive I 'member when singles used to have cuts on it Nowadays the rewind button got mad dust on it Can't bring it back if it's wack, when they come back then it's crack I'm FIENDIN for somethin good so I can puff on it Y'all don't even give me a buzz I can't enjoy a glass of beer if it's really just suds Nothin there but the air in y'all heads Man I'm fed dawg, I had it up to HERE (done!) I'm cuttin you loose, fuckin abuse I can't believe they in your talks when you discussin the truth These dudes suck and they bad liars This is not what I expected when I was 11 steppin up in rap cyphers (What's goin on?) I thought you had to be mad nice But apparently you could be trash as long as you look good and have ice I ain't complainin, I'm just sayin though There's no reason a musician should wanna watch a television  instead of be listenin to the radio I'm cuttin you loose [Joe Budden] Look, I used to dream of just bein wit'chu Woulda probably gave whatever to be seen wit'chu On the block on the scene wit'chu And the most beautiful thing wit'chu is we shared the same passion and I could get cream wit'chu Not a qualm, not a problem, not a single issue Then we started arguin, havin single issues Somethin's off nowadays, you don't seem official SO! {"You're no good I have to cut you loooooose"} I see you with them other artists and it's sickenin E'rything's changed since we parted, you been different Do whatever for bread boo when you started trickin For real though {"You're no good I have to cut you loooooose"} How you could thug me? If I can't be me when I'm wit'chu, tell me how could you love me? (How you) Get so ugly - eat it, beat it, treat it better than niggaz so you still be dyin to fuck me, baby don't interrupt me! Ain't complete tryin to compete but you judge me What you really think of me, you disgust me I 12-step my addict itch So Method Man, you could have that bitch But now she got neighbors against me, still her favorite MC I just hit her hard and she got papers against me It's cool; I get up wit'chu later if meant be Just text them old heads, tell 'em mate with they memories "You're no good I have to cut you loooooose, you loooooose" {*repeat to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Novel Album: Slaughterhouse Song: Rain Drops Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Novel] Teardrops in the pillow of my bed Still tryin to keep my head up Know you'd rather see me dead And the raindrops keep on fallinnnnn Said it keep on – fallinnnnn And they keep on – fallinnnnn Said they keep on – fallinnnnn [Novel] Slaughterhouse yo [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm a product of when a nigga momma gives up Cryin layin in the trash with the lid shut Ain't got no family, my mind is tender My - daddy's invisible, my moms is Brenda Uhh (uhh) if I survive I'ma grow into what society considers trash, the rope is to us That mean I'm hangin myself by livin The noose is gettin murdered, that or goin to prison My mind's controlled 'fore I learn mind control What you call livin life, I call dyin slow (slow) I'm genetically predisposed The reaper the only thing that can ease my soul Freezin cold – feelin like I was given life, and if I take it at least I chose I'll probably be in heaven when the pain stops 'Til then all I'm hearin is wind and raindrops [Chorus] w/ variations + ad libs [Crooked I] This just my pain Dear auntie, I still feel your timeless sorrow Before you died, it's like your body was mine to borrow Like I jumped in your physical shell While you was goin through miserable hell, sayin goodbye to tomorrow Every day it makes me sad, angry mad How you was sent to heaven's sacred path Duct-taped and gagged, plus raped and stabbed Body draped in blood, what a fate to have! Such a pitiful end, I'm poppin Ritalin like they Skittles cause when I sleep, I can feel it again and again and again And it's difficult, killin is the wickedest biblical sin I'm talkin 'bout momma's identical twin I see your face when I look at her Her reminder of how I been in the cold, since 14 years old Swear to God, I'll probably be in heaven when the pain stops 'Til then all I'm hearin is wind and raindrops Rest in peace Cha Cha {*echoes*} [Chorus] w/ variations + ad libs [Joe Budden] Nah, I ain't move bricks on the Peter Pan No father around to teach me how to be a man We was too high, didn't know when we would land (We was) Scrapin coke on the weed so niggaz didn't SEE a plant! Alcoholic's child, raised off of sugar water (talk to 'em) Hid it so you would just thought of how good he was brought up Coulda woulda oughta, one-track mind They say man of many hats buys a hooker for a quarter (quarter) And now I'm writin a book and the hood's the author Called "The Obvious Poker Face - The Look of Torture" Teach you how to climb your way out that ditch then Me? All I need is this pen and thick skin Bein so bright, could mean you lit then (why?) Cause you start tryin to figure out a figment (ohh!) I'll probably be in heaven when the pain stops ('til then) 'Til then all I hear is wind and raindrops [Chorus] w/ variations + ad libs [Joell Ortiz] Check (yowwa) I'm still waitin on my dad to get back He went to the store in '84 and I ain't seen him after that (what up?) Another single mom's public assisted, the rent wasn't consistent So they had us back and forth to court in the months of the blizzard (freezin!) My sneakers leaned, the rubber was missin No one-on-ones, they always jumped me, no brothers or sisters to hold me down, alone with headphones plugged into a cheap Walkman that ate tapes (what else?) Gunshots had me sleepwalkin, I hate wakes A whole lot of cryin, police chalk and that fake tape Ambulance never on time, they like a day late My cousin have to vacate, my best friend since age 8! (NO!) Sometimes I can't hold 'em, I kid you not Eyes get swollen, holdin on a tissue box, somebody get a mop (damn) I'll probably be in heaven when the pain stops (word) 'Til then, all I'm hearin is wind and raindrops (raindrops) [Chorus] w/ variations + ad libs [Novel] Yeahhhh, said it keep on fallin And it keep onnnnn And the raindrops keep on fallinnnnnnnn (Ooooooooooohh) Yeah yeah yeah-eahhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Melanie Rutherfold Album: Slaughterhouse Song: Killaz Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Melanie Rutherford] I'm not afraid of the storm (noooo) It seems like you're slipping away (ohhhhh) I'm not afraid of the storm (noooo) I'm not afraid, of the storm [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] + (Melanie Rutherford) You fuckin with a killa (I love you baby) You fuckin with a killa (you're so sexy) You fuckin with a killa Lyrical, serial, either/or killa [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Melanie Rutherford) Uhh, I'm in love with this pep Switch a nigga up, put a thug in a dress Chop a nigga head off, pick his head up Turn it upside-down, drink his blood from his NECK Uhh, I fly across you with the Coupe now I'm fire! The fire marshal shut the booth down Uh, you fuckin with a killa Take your body, rape your body, dump it in the river Turn myself in then, beat the case for it then Turn around and put "I really did it" on my Twitter Uhh, I'm a FUCKED UP nigga! Pill poppin, e'rybody FUCKED UP with us Me and Joey the cottonmouth kings (I love you baby) What the FUCK you talkin 'bout, sing (Uhh, uh, I'm fuckin with a killa) So crazy (I'm fuckin with a killa) (I'm fuckin with a killa) Lyrical, serial, either/or killa! [Joell Ortiz] First the clouds form, then they dark in the sky Then the heavens roar when a couple of them collide Then the most toxic rain landed on my caesar then Jesus Christ, the storm arrive 6-foot-somethin made of Spanish descent What I write is fresh air like my hand's in a vent Y'all 'bout to be lost like you don't know where your manager went That's just a heads up, cause none of y'all was plannin a vic I'm from the projects, Grey Goose, a crate on the bench Mike's Hard Lemonade'll get you amateurs bent Where I'm from they don't hesitate the cannon that spits Stand by the wrong man and watch your thoughts land on a fence! I'm the voice of the gutter where your boys serve your mother And the noise from a clucker puts your boy on a cover We annoy undercovers cause they never put on We from the hood, we don't snitch boy we weather the storm We some killas! [Crooked I] I'm comin with flash just to blast your facemask Bullets flyin faster than the NASA spacecraft Get half your face smashed by the click-clack The impact's a passion of massive plane crash The mic minister write literature, rhyme sinister might injure, your nine endin your life when it's the prime miniature time witness the prime Innocent lives kissin goodbye, picture the I, givin a FUCK! The truth (walkin) just walked in the booth (talkin) Too (often) I put a hot beat in a new (coffin) For instrumentals I dig a grave Then drop so many bars around you when you listen feel like you in a cage Niggaz styles is sour, you makin lemonade Take a thousand hours to write, our rhymes +Minute Made+ Me, Joey and Joell leave you crippled Mother-FUCK five cents, but we'll kill you over Nickel We some killas! [Joe Budden] I disagreed with my shadow when he got on Twitter (so I) Don't like bein followed so I shot that nigga A known loner; that's backwards I'm a loner that's known to attempt to put a comber in a coma You lookin at the prime suspect, with enough stress If you can give a FLUCK, then I can give FLUCK less Obsessed with who I struck next so I set it for success when I spit cause the vic is my next metaphor Self-destructive mixed with light lies If, you lookin for psychotic, I got it Or DON'T! Maybe y'all are retarded, absurd And I observe while the whole world tries to act reserved Need a Oscar, I'll put on an act that's superb E'rybody relax, it's words Maybe it's NOT! It's gotta be reasonable doubt (BUT) Reason don't come out my mouth, I let it come out of hers [Melanie Rutherford] I'm fuckin with a killa I'm fuckin with a killa I'm fuckin with a killa I'm fuckin with a killa The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: Slaughterhouse Song: Fight Klub (iTunes Bonus Track) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Joe Budden] Ladies and gentlemen! Frequency, I present The new fight club up in this bitch (Slaughterhouse) We go by the name of Slaughterhouse And we outta here, only one rule No rule, no rule [Crooked I] Joey, no rules, gunshots, no prob No jewels, niggaz say I got robbed I'm still wearin my bling And fuck first class, I fly standin on Virgin America's wing Nuts hang, knockin down skyscrapers Take a piss, make it rain, I'm the American dream (uhh) Make it rain, I ain't Pacman Jones Nigga, balls and my word all a black man owns [Joe Budden] If you in that man's zone, how you figure to gain? Can't bowl a 300 in another nigga lane Better aim, you dealin with a 7-10 split [Crooked I] That's Long Beach cause we on some 7-10 shit [Joell Ortiz] I've been nice since "227" man, shit I am sick and I'm never gettin better, that's it (Slaughterhouse) Give me somethin sharp to sever that prick Like a group broke up I will dismember that clique [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm a veteran, remember that shit We some internet rappers, then why you on our internet dicks? We'll be there when it's war callin Either we high or we fly or the floor fallin I'm a Tommy gun – it ain't no best The rap game like a St. Louis verses New York battle, nobody won A bunch of fuckin 2's and 3's like zone defense [Joe Budden] {*sighs*} Please get at dudes Ortiz (nah, you beast 'em) Hold up won't stop, cain't stop, thank pops Hard-headed, gotta hit a wall first like a bank shot Get it clear – a cokehead's a thin line between friend or foe, won't let this shit disappear This fiscal year I'ma stay hot buzzin with dudes that help me shoot like A-Rod cousin Walk in my shoes and your feet get callous from Jersey City to Caeser's palace I speak with malice just to make sure the streets get salvaged Real talk, where would all us be without us? Slaughterhouse no fear - too many dudes Tyson Chandler tried to leave they team and went nowhere [Crooked I] Like Tyson Chandler in the past niggaz on some bullshit Royce, tell Preme I got a full clip (whoa!) Niggaz used to run when they saw Suge's face Faster than Joey and Joell in a foot race Now you ask me where the incident took place Don't check the internet, check hood space You dealin with some intelligent creatures I don't touch guns, I draw with telekinesis No fingerprints on Crooked's mag I'm mixed with good and bad like the Goodfellas and Jesus First Biggie and Jay made it I'll leave a bandana at your murder and make it gang related The bitch at the Shonie's told me homie [Joell Ortiz] Ortiz, I'm the one and only Pick a spot, I pick apart you dudes who pick a part This ain't a movie, I feel bad like lookin at a pic of 'Pac Niggaz hearts gettin sparked every time I give a arc to my wrist and it twists like a spliff when I'm sittin in the park Tall corny niggaz ain't makin a bigger mark I'll boost drugs, what I does got 'em runnin to get a NARC You guppies unlucky, you in a tank with a shark Teeth crooked like my dog who just finished a vicious bark [Royce Da 5'9"] Flick a dart through your top hat Weak MC's you cannot rap; Freq', where the drop at? Now you mad at Tahiry cause your ass ain't famous Get it nigga? Your "ass" ain't famous Quit talkin 'bout me cause ya ass ain't dangerous They call me Hustler because my mag game heinous Show up to Detroit thinkin +Everybody Love+ you And I'ma come and show you that ya ass ain't +Raymond+ Dumbin every line – me fuckin bitches like the cops after a murder, they cummin/comin every time Shell-toes and Wissam jacket, the contractor Still pushin elbows like a linebacker And y'all playin - my worldwide bitches on my worldwide watch, I call it the broadband [Outro: Crooked I] SLAUGHTERHOUSE! Y'all know what it is man I know you got that "Padded Room", ow! That motherfuckin "Free Agent" comin soon "Street Hop"! Yeah, hahaha You mighta heard the rumors They thought it was, three quarters of the Slaughter left Hahahaha, I'M STILL HERE YOU MOTHERFUCKIN HATERS! Yeah {*laughs*} Ay, with friends like mine you don't need enemies BLAOW! You do the math Let me drink this motherfuckin vodka and tell you one thing We outta here, OWWWWW! {*laughs*} Ohhhhhhhhh, shiiiiiiiii-IT! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Escape Route Song: Intro Typed by: faceloco369@gmail.com Yeah! Whats up bitch! Joey! Slaughterhouse! Check me out now! Look psychotic it's what they call you ignore you going by my logic That a law will secure you looking through my optics Lead and steel put pillow in front of me i pop it Tried to stop it but couldn't look at my eye sockets My God it makes me skyrocket Rules to ever do what you can believe that shit and I shot it And if you couldn't tell I'm on my own time Prisoner of my own mind problem is I don't mind Niggas asking what I deem as suc-cess Life's a bitch I'm just looking up her dress I can give a fuck less All of a sudden they see me on Joe Budden t.v. and I'm going national But they judge me and that's a broken gavel Shock-ing to me how quickly niggas will go and bash you Never had withdrawals pitfalls that coke and hash do Never stood in place while everyone was going past you Keep your opinion to yourself nigga no one asked you Get used to me far from what I used to be Provided still throw you a side if you not that used to me Self-destructive I love it anything that abuses me amuses me I just hope the whole world excuses me Hip-Hop got him under all types of scrutiny I think that the shit scared niggas into noose to me Wholeheartedly don't want no part of what's a part of me Moving lithogically so I dare a nigga to spar with me What I inspire to be never inspired me Big fan of karma catch twenty-two's eyeing me Y'all don't understand the types of demons that's inside of me Rebel with a cause if I do it it's un-defiantly Raised looking for the machine aiming the ruger Old so I don't fuck with the youngins I ain't a cougar Say a prayer for the losers aware of intruders Everybody around me like the head on Medusa And so its time to make a move exit Rubber-band covering the bruise left wrist Faith in the man I cant prove exist I really got nothing to lose but a death wish I aint worried about jewels and a necklace Me I live life shrewd reckless Nigga I ignore the rules and the message Walk away from the shit smooth with a peck kiss mwahh Y'all ain't hearing me no fear in me Only nigga brave enough to conspire against a conspiracy Y'all want to be sick get it in Mariah marry me But minus any streaks not a peak going to be clear as me Joey! Yeah! Its, Its! A message! Whats up! They don't understand him though! Y'all will get it, some things just take time! Somethings take longer than others, that's what she said! It's Joey, nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Escape Route Song: Anti Typed by: faceloco369@gmail.com I ain't the social type! Joey! Nah mean! I ain't with all the congregating! Fuck niggas, hahaha! It's, It's, It's that 0-9! Hey yo I can't lie spent a few years trying to under stand why When, how is it now I'm so anti Face asked if you've ever seen a man cry I think before that shit ain't even pan right So I don't look at rap dudes like you fans might Rude, its true excuse I got a slant eye Regard its my security guard that's why I'm walking around feeling like I can't die Or I'm feeling like opportunity ran by (ME) And I'm chasing it (OR) am I facing it (NIGGA) No past I'm erasing it I'm an addict got a habitual habit and I don't avoid voids Good at substitution replacing shit I'm just trying to find my place with shit Pacing quick I ain't go no patience with Niggas dead can't speak they mind What the fuck they got a mouth for Me I'm so full of rage so used to being caged I probably shouldn't be outdoors Everybody so scared of the truth Look in my eyes an stare at the truth They doing interludes and every interview Talking about there prepared to shoot (bom bom) I'm thought fool I'm resort to getting near a booth They awful what I do to them unlawful Boss dude ain't got a high up to resort to Just giving yourself a bad name Yackidy yack the threats in fact is that lame You can't tell that axe arranged Think I'm wearing a bulls eye Just all them cats got bad aim I'll explain I'm past real they past phony Ignore the personal an physical attacks on me I remain cool relaxed homie Brand new I ain't got a scratch on me So what your squad gonna do Lay a hand on me I'll lay a hollow on you Change hands stab his pockets run his wallet on thru Every club in new york nigga bottles on you Better tell them what reluctance is I'm controlled by uncontrolled substances Soon as he thru I'll show him what substance is Know I'm nicer when I'm toasted I'm only rubbing it in (NIGGA) You got beat up ignored in school Signed a deal niggas thought you was cool Only take one goner to slaughter your crew (SLAUGHTERHOUSE) If your resume got deaded today they'd call you a fool (HOW BOUT THAT) All them years rapping nothing else happening You need a new day to day Old heads in the game with no other way to get paid Gasping timeout take a break from the play or grab a Gatorade Bad contract team can't make a trade Majors fucking you in the ass you gonna stay a slave Five-Nine in my ear saying hey behave But shit is fucked up and i blame it on the way it was paved I chill for the sake of your age You great live but let me know when that stage get appraised All in raising the stakes Swear you and your label should prayeth Thank God I was placed in this decade by mistake I don't belong here dad fucked mom in the wrong year Wrong peers amongst niggas with wrong ears Wrong advancing funny sounds every songs weird Wrong fashion its like everybody's gone queer Be clear I ain't here to be fronting You can dislike me I ain't here to pretend Run but you can't hide I can't lie Told niggas in the first two bars I was anti Oh! Leave me running! Joey! No wonder, wheres an escape route when you need it? Talk to 'em! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Escape Route Song: Never Again Typed by: godzillasalive@gmail.com [Talking] Chea...Escape Route...its, its that on top music Chea, talk to em, the top Ohhh! ??? on the track JOEY It's ya man, holla at him [Verse 1] Now look, look, look, look They say once you get to a certain age At a certain point you hit a certain phase Become hard to break out of certain ways No matter how bad you tryin' to impersonate So I promised, I swore I start doin things that I aint never done before Going against my core, I was sure my new chore Would be to go and see some shit that I never saw I.E, I swore that when I left man I'd never say another word about a Def Jam When you look at the big picture gotta figure that No matter right or wrong they interpret the shit as bitter Niggggas, they don't care its what they ask me They don't care that I just answered this shit last week And lastly, not a thing will slip past me And most of these gangstas is bitches, ask apache Nigggga [Talking] Uh uh uh, never Uh, uh, never Uh, talk to..., never Nuh, uh, you already know Never again One quarter of the Slaughter [Verse 2] Yo yo yo Modern day Hercules on the track Even if it brings me to my knees I still put Jersey on my back I swore id never cheat cuz as hard as it made my girl cry [nigggga] Man that day I felt my world die [nigggga] Insensitive, so if you see me going through emotion Most the time I'm going through the motions I swore id never played or could but the CL so good If I change my mind I'm going through it ghostin Forgive me father, I swore I'd never lie again But couldnt fight temptation, I had to try again Swore I was done with vicodin 'til I changed my mind's mind And convinced him it was harmless, just vitamins I swore id never make another song Contrived to conform to some shit that didnt belong Orrrr, how about I never say never If I start today, cant expect me to see something that far away [Talking] Nahimean? it aint tunnel vision or nothing like that How the fluck... Uhhhhh, uhhh One more 'gain How you sposed to see nothin? You cant! Its, its, its that amalgam music [Verse 3] Yo swore I'd never respond to haters Honestly its draining But on the other side its entertaining Built a shield that would never let the pain in Armed with an alarm to notify me if it came in And some niggas say I'm changing So I swore to never be with them even though I agree with em For better or for worse like a wedding You chillin with a chameleon, I just adapt to my settings Take a momento, and see a man without a memory I don't remember me, mentally in fact similarly It's just me and my alter ego Pardon us, swore to never dumb it down but fans wont smarten up I swore it never be another Mood Muzik Or it'd be a while, I ain't in the mood to do it I helped the game do away with all the trash Never live in the past, treat everyday like its my last motherfucker [Talking] Treat everyday like its ya last one Tomorrow's not a promise! Haha Words of advice, words of wisdom Its, its, its, that Amalgam music Testing, haha Just testing The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Escape Route Song: World Keeps Spinning Typed by: wabasaurus.rex@gmail.com [Talking] Yeah... Escape Route Let's go [Hook] And the world keeps spinning! [Nigga] I feel like the world keeps spinning [Spinning] And the world keeps spinning It's like the world keeps winning And to spite me the world keep grinning [Verse 1] I ain't trying to bother none So how I end up bothered son? Yeah you damn right I'm my father's son Minus prison, minus over 20 years in the system But don't take away the wisdom Holy water won't cleanse him Hardheaded, won't convince him A nigga wear pride like it's denim Fuck ??? get along with me I'm alright with everything that's wrong with me And that's how it's going to be That opinion is mine, motherfucker, it belong to me So get mad at it, half beast, half addict Can halfass it and be better than rap bastards Black 'matic, give me rheumatism asthmatic I spit high class acid, I'm positive, now that's magic I'm trying to change shit like a Panther Asking the right questions but getting the wrong answers [Hook] [Verse 2] I could talk about how a nigga trade slugs Boast about, toasting, what the .38 does But a nigga seen what happened to the family of J-Hud So I thank God for every morning I wake up Wait up! Confront is if everything's fine? But my grandmother's dying, and shes 89 Older but her mind about as sharp as mine If this world were mine I would rewind time To a time when her heart didn't leak that fluid She needs surgery, doctors talking stupid Said "she already lived her life so she can afford to lose it" Talking like their tools is useless Ain't that some shit, she gotta approve it Grandma ready to go, she'd rather them not do it No matter how much it might hurt me Another lesson learned, some fights ain't fight worthy Jersey [Hook] [Verse 3] I'm waiting on a true revival I'ma call you a coward if you alive and suicidal [WHY?] Either be grateful for everything God said you supposed to get Or pull the trigger and get over it Hip Hop's supposed to give, all this weight on my back But you ain't gotta spot me, I can shoulder it Life's a rollercoaster, that ride gonna be easy Why don't you believe me? My parents was high when they conceived me Say I got a couple control issues I disagree, I just like to control issues My train of thought, my state of mind Is I could change the world one state at a time With the madness of every hater alive Got an agenda, I just feel like ya'll should cater to mine Ideas brilliant, perservere, I'm resilient Until the world change, I be right here chilling Nigga [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Escape Route Song: Forgive Me Typed by: godzillasalive@gmail.com [Budden talking] Anybody who listens to Joe Budden I never got off on it, actually my image is not giving a fuck about image My image is a regular, real live man who will always give it to you just the way it is I'm never gonna fabricate, I'm never gonna lie and I'm never going to ??? cuz the industry made me do something Some of you gotta take a step back, and really just look at the situation, and analyze To really think about it. And you gotta say "is the risk...worth the reward?" Let's go [Verse 1] Yo I'm only human, ain't to be worshipped [Nah] I'm only human, I ain't perfect [Nah] I might say some things and reword it You could blame it on my roots, deep Jerz shit Bet some things were never instilled I might make threats I will never fulfill [Why?] Hoping you're smart enough to use some will And do as I say out of fear that I will Say time will reveal, but I'm jammed up But I'm standin at the clock and the hands stuck Ever so tender, seems the things ya'll never forget I'll never remember Listen, it's your fault you assumed I grew But if I'm all about me, then wheres there room for you? Rather not rewind but fast forward "Forgiveness", all I can do is ask for it Forgive me [Talking] I'm only human like ya'll and shit I ain't a robot, I ain't a superhero I'm entitled to shit like ya'll niggas Here we go, check me out [Verse 2] Might say some things thats outlandish But when I do, I'm thinking without standage I apologize, take it as a letter In spite of my actions just know I was raised better [much better] I'm aware that my opinions hated So why the fuck am I so opinionated? My bad Method Man, out of respect I'ma scrap them 5 pages I wrote towards [Inspectah] Deck cuz that aint have anything to do with you So I made it have everything to do with you Shuttin' up is unusual So I'm back to lettin my pen state what I do to dudes [i meean] Outside of music, outside of rappin Cuz none of that shit interfere with life happenin And you can look me dead in the eyes If you dont know shit then just know I took your advice Holla at me [Talking] At least I listen though I'm open minded enough to A nigga tell me something ima take heed to it Only if its good shit though I be my own filter It's that on top music Think more niggas should be like that Follow my lead I left a trail for niggas Follow it [verse 3] Yo, yo I ain't lookin at the man that you would see Ain't looking at the man that you should see Ain't looking at the man that I could be Treat me like I'm new to the game, still a rookie Like a newborn straight out the pussy Or is everybody straight out and just pussy [faggot] In a state of confusion, what I intended is never the conclusion [talk to em!] I'm losin, normally the one they accusin Maybe that explain my seclusion But when you grown to see that the stakes high You at least know to never make the same mistake twice [look!] They say the real is gone I represent this shit What you see is what you get No representative From now on gator redefine me If ya see another mishap dont mind me Forgive me [Talking] Ya know I heard a lot of niggas Words are piercing Sometimes they just hurt like bullets I wanna make amends Nnot to everybody though Some of yall niggas I mean to offend The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Escape Route Song: State of You Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * samples are from Frou Frou's "Psychobabble" [Chorus: Frou Frou sample] If you think that it's so damn easy Then what do you need me for? Just look at the state of you Babe, snap out of it You're not listening to this [Joe Budden] Yeah... talk to 'em! Ohh HUH? Joey! It's, it's, that on top Must be I'm just avoidin the inevitable, dodgin my fate So many things a nigga gotta escape Autobiographical, I need my life to maybe hop on a page that'll end with a sigh, goodbye, with my mouth open cockin a gauge How you the greatest at your job, but they dockin your pay? Guess when God's holdin a bar they start mockin your ways Murder my fans while I'm rockin on stage Naw let me chill, I ain't thinkin at a logical state I catch 'em while they noddin they head, sayin the words And start a blood bath, right as they repeatin the verse at the show let 'em know that they help lead to me bein disturbed I'm thinkin {"You're not making any sense"} ha ha, listen (OHH!) How much longer you expect me to be degraded by niggaz who can't appreciate bein appreciated? Y'all made this beef related One less person to judge, just one more problem alleviated (HUH?) [Joe Budden] Ya mean, uh, fruck's goin on? Yeah! Listen I'll stand before your honor, without a alibi, lost kinda Just a product of a lost genre Cuffed like I'ma cause drama, headline un-remorsed trauma Sweat drippin from my head like I performed a concert No alibi for my unlawful conduct I need a pardon from the president, call Obama And tell him I was goin all out I was doin God's work, I thought the nigga called out  {"Snap out of it, you're not making any sense"} They don't hear me, check it! You lookin at a more honest improve in me All of the comments and scutiny, drive him to lunacy Committin hate crimes as if I got immunity A opportune time to have opportunity Not, but when he don't stop by it just ruins me Pride is persuin me, why's it rebukin me? I got demons by my door, staked out I'm inside goin over my escape route [Chorus] w/ Budden singing along [Interlude: Frou Frou sample] Now I've had it up to here Don't ever try that again Why are you so quiet so suddenly? Go on, have it You're just dying to tryyyyy me! [Joe Budden] Yeah, uh-huh-uh, uhh Muh'frucker, uh, uh Let me tell you Yo, see I'm in search of privacy On e'ry social network, but don't wan' network with society That's, probably why my net worth ain't so high to me These Percosets work, now they FUCKIN with my sobriety I'm chasin a hit - all in Heath Ledge +Dark Knight+ overdose, I ain't chasin the SHIT! I got a audience, they just got me hatin this shit Or is it how I view life, and how vacant it is Watch me and see a horrible movie, bad reviews Scattered views with a cold heart, wrong attitude I ain't got a thing in common with these rapper dudes Nigga! {"You're not making any sense"} Okay, aside from some drawn-out thoughts, mags and tools I don't think they know what it FEEL like to be battered, bruised And still they can't see me with the ink So try fuckin the world ain't as easy as you think, nigga! [Chorus] + [Interlude] [Outro: Joe Budden] Oh, Joey! Ta-ha Fruck's goin on? You need me for? Fuck them all niggaz, geah The fruck's goin on? Nigga! Ta-ha, yeah It's, it's... Warn yourself The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Escape Route Song: Good Enough Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] Uh, never good enough Baby nothin's ever good enough Uh, it's what? Uh [Interlude: Joe Budden] Nothin's ever good enough Hollywood, think he too good for us Nigga's emo, he ain't in the hood enough How 'bout he's just misunderstood to us Vision is fine, I can still hear (So) So I pop one more 'til everything is unclear Cause why? (Cause why?) Nothin's ever good enough I'm just lookin for somethin, good enough [Joe Budden] Wonder where his mind is If everyone's impression is wrong then maybe mine is Jury's out, but the verdict's in Case ain't been heard, so how they murderin him? I appear to be arrogant, that's what they instilled in me Took it as a weakness when I showed 'em humility Insensitive, don't waste time tryin to tell me  what emotions is - I'm emotionless I can't explain it, it comes from home Make me uncomfortable and you gon' put me in a comfort zone Double is me, feel what I feel and know he's strugglin Be tryin to get depression and sufferin from ME When your head's cluttered with noise you get lost Am I isolated by choice or by force? Listen, the FUCK y'all expect from me? Already given y'all the best of me But it seem like! [Chorus: Joe Budden] Nothin's ever good enough Hollywood, think he too good for us Nigga's emo, he ain't in the hood enough How 'bout he's just misunderstood to us Vision is fine, I can still hear (So I) So I pop one more 'til everything is unclear Cause, just one wasn't good enough Crushin it in rum wasn't good enough The baddest girl wouldn't be good enough All the cash in the world ain't good enough (Why?) Cause you can go your hardest for your fans But like you they only human so they may not understand that I used to always try to be good enough And couldn't figure out why I wasn't good enough So instead of bein good enough I just wan' be better, than good enough [Joe Budden] The FRUCK's goin on around here? Contrivin and conformin is the norm around here It's tension, speak up and violence gets mentioned In the world where everybody gets by off silenced opinions And so I cut the red tape and the politics Know it's there, I'm just the only nigga to acknowledge it Learn from the acts that came before ya and retain the lawyer They told me, "Once you get the fame you get the paranoia" They say that he a has-been, irrelevant But e'ry word I say niggaz get hella bent Tell you why I'm off of the charts, or on the bottom of your bracket I rap through the heart and some niggaz lack it So I get why I'm greeted with spite Got nerve bein the truth, life's fine with them believin a lie! Even I no longer know what to expect from me But y'all have yet to see the best in me Still it seem like! [Chorus] w/ minor variatons [Joe Budden] Check it; I want it all, that's why I strive for it Diss me and you normally hear a reply for it But I'm startin my maturation and ignore 'em, let 'em continue they masturbation Say my actions don't match what I'm spittin So I tell 'em mind they business and let me stray They say that you becomin a walkin contradiction I tell 'em people change every day I tell 'em I've been makin my own decisions since a teen Tell me who the fuck is y'all to intervene - here's a lesson I'm good enough for me, a nigga seem to be perfection Fifty grand, V.I.P., queens, imperfections Far from a beginner, nigga ain't a white belt Cry me a river, and I'll turn into Mike Phelps I'm just givin y'all the best of me And y'all just turn that into stress for me And so it seem like! [Chorus] w/ minor variatons The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Escape Route Song: No Comment Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Joe Budden] Uh-ohhhh, uh-oh Uh-ohhhhhh! That on top, ohh! Ta-ha, Joey (yeah, shit go hard too) No comment, no comment Ta-ha, whole bunch of yappin Jersey! That M.J. bullshit Let me talk to 'em, l-look look look [Joe Budden] Since the world don't revolve around me (Then what?) Hoodie on, revolver on me I'm the wrong one you wanna amp (why?) Cause niggaz could get missin like you straight out of LeBron's summer camp (ohh!) Anytime the fed's see me I tell 'em that the only thing FUCKERY here gets you an STD My life, should be sold as a movie From the +Slum dog+ tryin to be a +Millionaire+, no groupies When did the civilians decide to be a thug? Motivated by the hate (BUT) inspired by the love Rappers sayin my name like it's a bright tactic Jackson 5, put your +Mike+ in a casket Let the fans gas you and tell you you're nice Be a legend in RAP, but a failure in life For real, I don't think these dudes is spectacular Pretty Ricky thugs who move like spectacular, nigga! [Chorus: Joe Budden] What up with you and so-and-so? Heard you got a diss Don't know about THAT, but I know about this nigga No comment (what) no comment (what) No comment, I ain't got a comment Bloggers, Twitter, Budden TV No comment, y'all ain't gettin nothin from me I said, no comment (what) no comment No comment, I ain't got a comment [Joe Budden] So I been called a snitch (BUT) But I been called worse by better so let's skip over the lecture That's a common lie (why?) Cause if I ever call the cops it's only gon' be to report a homicide How am I in beef? I walk about free They only talk about YOU, when you talk about ME So go ahead and act hard And somebody gon' grab chalk (and) and turn the streets into a blackboard So I'm supposed to put niggaz on a pedestal for rappin 'bout a bunch of bullshit that they don't ever do You look stupid when you go there Say I'm only hot online you ain't heatin up nowhere SHOT-gun in SHOT-gun, ride right past ya Windows down, got every right to blast ya No wonder he thinkin he'll provide a disaster Cause bitches keep tellin him that size don't matter (ta-ha) [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Joe Budden] Things niggaz say I don't mind it Say they lost respect for me, who the FRUCK is askin you to find it? This is me practicin censorship Since the new definition of real nigga is sensitive In his interview, say I'm askin for a hearse But couple months BACK he was askin for a verse Only hurts is the team used to bump you Now he look like a fiend, I should slump you [Outro - ad libs to the end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Crooked I, Joell Ortiz, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Escape Route Song: We Outta Here Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Royce] Your left shoulderrrrr (HUT!) Your right shoulderrrrr (HUT!) {*gunfire*} Your left shoulderrrrr (HUT!) Your right shoulderrrrr (HUT!) {*whistle blows*} [female] Slaughter [Royce Da 5'9"] Poppa-Poppa Pistol stuck his dick in Momma Missile and created Mr. Got-to-Get-You if he opposite just split You niggaz bitches cranberry like a vodka mixer Whippin bitches niggaz black, ass like a cotton picker Bomb through debris - I'm holdin two pistols in the form of a crosshair, I am armed to the T I put on for my city, I take off for whoever think I'm soft for my job of rappin, go back to clappin Back to illin, back to dealin, back to coc-a-ina Up the nose, that's the feelin, sky the limit, that's the ceilin And the women is the whores, puttin numbers up for sales It's the score into hell, it's the feel, it's the feel [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9" – singing with AutoTune] I can make noise when the gat blowwwww-ooooooh-oooh The Slaughterhouse boys make the gat blowwwww-ohhhhh-ooooh It's a muh'fuckin Slaughterhouuuuuuuse We outta here, we outta here, we outta here It's a muh'fuckin Slaughterhouse We outta here, we outta here, we outta [Joe Budden] {*starts off screwed*} I live my life like a hood bopper touched by evil, all about bread and evil Regular people lookin like bread to eagles with the desert eagle Cordially they forcin me to act accordingly When according to me my thoughts disorderly just like they outta be It's more to me in accord to me Just mad at the smoke and the mirrors, image, perceptions and the forgery Everything is a fraud to me So until the boys wake up, me and my boys make up Be with the toy sprayers, aimin noise makers at the noise makers {*blam*} Best group ever, group of whoever who do it better Bets placed on it (nigga!) number one got our face on it And I make a case on it, treason Every twelve months it's huntin season They call us Slaughterhouse for a reason! [Royce] Crooked! [Crooked I] Piano face Audemars, you haters know the time Drug abusin fourth-grader, I mean a loaded nine Hits in the stash, Ferrari Spider, the road is mine Like lap dancers and bad brakes, I'm on the grind So tell Officer Crawford that this is (Slaughterhouse) And I left the next black president in his daughter's mouth Swallow my kids then I'm like, "Yo I gotta bounce" Ben Franklin's a math genius and every dollar counts We takin over the game, go at you little wussies (Why?) Cause that's the sweetest joy next to gettin pussy Somethin bad is emergin Slaughter's blowin up like a suicide bomber promised 70 virgins nigga [Royce] Ortiz! [Joell Ortiz] One quarter of Slaughter reportin to you live  from a corner where reporters stop by Since somebody playin pow-pow shots fly out a glock-9 'til you cooked like a potpie Take a look at everybody in my crew  bet you can't find a member of the squad that is not fly Anybody say they can see us they either lyin  or not wearin they glasses, apparently cock-eyed We don't shit, we ca-ca We don't spit, we emit lava Got a grip on these hip-hoppers like a big lobster Everybody know the deal when the hear the kid YOWWA! Goo-goo, ga-ga, baby cryin 'bout the internet They get on the site but they showed me and Joe the other night  takin flights then lightin up a cigarette Motherfucker we ill, not one insect step short of the best thing Everything we touch make they head swing and, y'all ain't really interestin Throw a shot, and our fans do the interceptin You got the crowd fooled but I ain't really into wrestlin (into wrestlin) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Escape Route Song: Clothes on a Mannequin Typed by: wabasaurus.rex@gmail.com [Talking] Good Evening {*clears throat*} Ladies and gentlemen I'd like to welcome everybody Please take your seats Please be seated We have a great show lined up for everybody tonight Special guest in the house tonight Joe Budden, J.Garden Let's...GO [Hook] A wise man said we all wear a mask At times keepin it on is too much of a task Your face on the net, and your life's on blast It might slip off, you gotta give me a pass Sometimes I feel like a mannequin But how they dress me don't make me the man I am Not a rose dont hamper him They just lookin' at the clothes on a mannequin [Verse 1] Look, look, look I want the best cars and the best flow I want the best broads thats how that go I mean I want to be a star and collect dough But even if I had it all it'd be just for show I want the diamonds to make my neck glow [Yeah] Lust for the next hoe a love will never let go [Talk to 'em!] I want to run along from my shortcomings [BUT!] But I smoke so my breath gonna be short running [OHH!] I want to be in control, hands on If I'm the pilot then we will never land wrong [NEVER!] But I want to have faith, staying strong Take the first step when I ain't got a leg to stand on I got a lot to give but I want more With numb thoughts, positive but i'm unsure On the misplace, getaway and its disarray And yall don't know the man just what he put on display [OHH!] [Hook] [Verse 2] I'm too annoyed to cope, tryna make a livin Given I dont think that being a dope boy is dope Out of every story, only 2 end in glory Who am I to think I'm different than every hustler before me? If I took my anger, became a gangbanger I would aim to aim my anger at every stranger Shawty wanna leave, honestly I can't blame her Say the ones you love the most are always in the most danger I talk a little slower so you have to hear Dead man walkin, no tatted tears Or realest to ever do it, cavalier Hundred thousand dollar car, with rabbit ears I don't welcome change even if it help 'em gain Fuck a handout, I'd rather be self contained L.V everything, lookin' well arranged Y'all would never know that I'm practicing self restrain [Hook] [Verse 3] I been different, never mind I'm just indifferent Ain't an old timer that would blame it on a skin pigment Is it my imagination or a slim figment? Or is gent ignant, probably why im indignant Look at haters like 'why is it an issue?' Is it because I'm sober but I'm on a high they can't get to? God ??? fightin with his pride and his pitbull God I was lied as it get to Cursin' God out "why he decide to pick dude?" I big bulls but when I try its abyssmal Die and keepin everythin inside me a riddle But they blinded by the condo size and it's sick view Whys, try and answer the whys What good is havin eyes when everything you look at you despise? [can anybody hear me?] Or do you need ears when you dont believe anything you hear? Maybe it's just something in the air [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Escape Route Song: Freight Train Typed by: JAZapata312@gmail.com Yo, shakers, movers, haters, rapists, losers, liars, takers, shooters with ubsurded things like I was 13 when he burst on the scene that eventually hurt Keem got a tool, when he stole from dad thought it'd be cool to play show and tell so he took it to school he in class with it, stylin for mad bitches nickle bag lifted, its sad cuz he mad gifted but that buiscut will only lead to bad business moms on dope, dads just ridiculous that leaves a menace, wantin to be king but they one in the same both runnin from pain but the laughter it fell from his face when it fell from his waist and hit Ramell by mistake tried as an adult, facin a long bid but the charge might change gotta see if the lil boy lives Yo, self, pity, chasin, wealth could be sickly if ya fend for yaself in city like nitty who sold dope his whole life, the nigga sold dope to his own wife he knew her death would come soon bein real how much drugs could she consume even hid guns in his sons room but they dont know its a secret believe it he dont want them to get hit the way that he did house raided, drove by the house sprayed it ran in stole his stash, spouse naked its real here, he thankful that he still here caught'em nine times he'll easily take the wheelchair old hustla's cant escape old madness get the same results dealin with old habits which makes nitty a lifetime sufferer who thinks it'll be ight since he lives with his very best customer Yo, his spited vengence, moreso extensive revenge is best served cold but its expensive near steps, to revenge is near death he disappears stressed reappears witha tech you kill his dog, he gone kill your cat hispops killed his mother so he killed his dad in his head he like god damnit he crept over with the same gun his pop planted that he slept over raised as a killa from an age thats a thrilla age with no filta and that rage is familiar now faith has him sleepin over that guy responsible for that black patch over his eye pillow over al's face he leaned over and cried he sighed and said your parents wont know that you died death penalty, no annesty just insanity clock ticks on the last member of his immediate family The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Young Chris Album: Escape Route Song: Connect 4 Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Young Chris] Yeah... uh, C. West We do this, Joe Budden Yeah, Young Chris, what, what? Yeah, uh [Young Chris] To the heart of North Philadelph, pour my spirit and flesh Give me the crown, watch me wear it the best, I ain't hearin the rest Long gone, dancin with bigger fish here Fish scale advances for glitter wristwear Ch-chea, motherfucker this year Chris here Homie the strong's so vital, survival of the fits here Ain't shit sweet y'all, life about a bitch yeah Say I drive her crazy though I ride that hoe fifth gear Talk so much poverty cause I live here Talk facility cause my family's doin a bid there You ain't rappin or ballin, we got our hustle out That's what a thug about, anything to get the fuck up out the ghetto, dodge the devil, prolong my demise Got a green sticky lah baby, 365 [Joe Budden] Hold up, a nigga went from lukewarm to hot Scratch that, from coldest winter to hell's kitchen Aside from predictable shots and shells spittin Wouldn'ta even known it cause nothin felt different E'rything dope in this game ain't on the radio That proofs me, check the dames and the ratio Brain like fellatio, I mean it used to be cane like Horatio Fuck you, pay me though Hood form, style in whatever I put on Come from where you give a wrong look and you would look wrong Broads off the hook for him But I treat 'em like Subway, I give 'em 5 dollars and a FOOT long Young niggaz take your vitamins Your 28-inch rims higher than watchin me admirin JUMP OFF e'rything that they aspirin to be But the bullshit gets tiresome to me See, only one concern, gettin my bread right Hate to see you lose your +Life+ over a website I'll feel +Sorry+ Y'all'll only know what I show why Chris Brown and Rihanna that real story Off puttin words together like +Scrabble+ Build your +Monopoly+, they just gon' attack you Can't +Pictionary+ it, they gon' think it's +Taboo+ When you get more, they can't +Connect+ the +Four+ [Outro: Joe Budden] Dawg.. geah, Joey, Chris Yes Chad, I fuckin know the sound The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Wale Album: Escape Route Song: Tito Santana * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * Amalgam Digital download bonus track [Wale] Uhh... Dub, A, L, E Appreciate it Joe, yeah Highly unstoppable, nothin's un-coppable Tito Santana matador ain't equipped to stop the bull Proud of product pulled over nigga not be scorned Around here I am the goat like the Capricorn New grove, still bitches don't know this a flaw Cause my hoes in the X like they model for cars Here to change the whole game due to audible Initial place wasn't cruel so we oughta bull I'm {?} to my little mack competition You gon' need a couple stars to get your first victor Word picture, hurt niggaz, young verse killer Fist pleaser, skirt lifter, young Dirk Diggler Wahlberg +Shooter+, young flow fluid And my brains travel like Yung Berg jewels Transformer, no opponent is formidable Pockets morbidly obese, I'll be tourin for loot I'm Wale, the new nigga on the block See my team has hella cars, I got a couple knots See, how the beat gets ate off Acquire my scratch and I ain't have to use an 8-ball Hip-Hop's whole face is off And I rock with the band, this a cake-walk Yeah And I don't want I don't wanna be condescending on that but like cake-walk Like, I meant like cake from the second season of "Da Band" Like cake-walk like it's, fuck it (TALK TO 'EM!) [Joe Budden] Yo, I'll be whatever you wan' call me Weird or faulty, but lyricists can't ignore me (nah) Keep a shooter wherever the force be (why?) Case they gotta make a band member strip naked like Aubrey So, they hate and they say But the AK's a cross from the tommy like Shenene and they'll try ya Rap hero but wasn't nicer, prior I started off the top of the dome, call him Sylar Now you now son become C. Dalvin Dollar Dungarees, kicks fly closet like Chun Lee (but dawg) Pump me with Sigel to pump B You just servin yourself, go pull up to pump three Flow's all flames, not a race but keep up Cause I'll +Bolt+ on Usain, I'm too ahead of the game So take your seat on the bench You met Wale and 9th Wonder, now meet the tenth Joey... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Royce Da 5'9" Album: Escape Route Song: For You * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * Amalgam Digital download bonus track "Biatch!" "For you! For, for you! For-for you! For you!" – "Fresh!" {*repeat 3X*} [Royce Da 5'9"] Nickel! Of course it's I The fore ship come as no surprise I'm low from my chauffeur drive He married to the streets, he 'bout to divorce his bride Now throw 'em up! Like you prayin to the porcelain god Joey! [Joe Budden] I understand why dudes would wanna off me (why?) It's small beef, goldfish to Jaws' teeth Knick game, next to Spike, got the floor seats (talk to 'em) Expired tin plate but the Porsche speeds Home to wall-to-wall marble in the floor see, Nickel! [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Joe Budden) Spittin at your eulogy All you rhyme about is shinin jewelry You should change your name from MC to Tomfoolery This is new to me and I will mop a nigga ass UP! Do him like clean-up (Or split him down the middle, we could) Do him like a pre-nup (I mean get him for his re-up) Hoes down, G's up [Joe Budden] Clean cut, pour somethin hot on your mean mug Star Trek guns outta this world, get beamed up The last two that you want to see team up Or link up, FUCK any rapper you think of Matter fact, ain't a better combo you could dream of [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9", Joe Budden] [R] Street niggaz gettin money, this is {"For you"} [J] Jail niggaz waitin on release, this is {"For you"} [R] Hoh! Trap stars niggaz, this is {"For you"} [J] Fruck that, bad broads I'm doin it for {"For you"} [both] WE, ARE {"Fresh"} [Joe Budden] We killin the witness and anyone who maybe saw it So the court date (they missin the day before it) Lately floorish coupe, or maybe poor shit I'm aware that they hate me for it I stay with the special like Katie Couric Diss me, soon as they record it they be corpses [Royce Da 5'9"] Flawless models lookin like my lady's porcelain 80's corset that can cause a baby abortion Take her, to Old Navy or maybe Nordstroms Get her pregnant, marry her or maybe divorce her Crazy, if a nigga dandelion/dandy lyin I have him pushin up daisies in a fugazi orifice [Joe Budden] I dress half hood, half corporate If your closet ain't the size of a master bedroom you won't get the portrait [Royce Da 5'9"] Bottom line I'ma sign like endorse it Y'all niggaz four different characters played out like Norbit Of course it's the bosses, shoot it then toss it {*scratched repeatedly: "That was fresh!" – "Bitch!"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 4 Song: Intro (Pray for Them) Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com Pray for me, need y'all to just pray for me pray for me, somebody just pray for me Somebody pray for me, need y'all to just pray for me Somebody pray for me, need y'all to just pray for me Now if it goes to the wire I will never fall, I got the soul of a fighter Walk barefoot over the coal through the fire I thought the toll would be lighter But make sure that blunt's rolled a little tighter I tell them I'm just looking for some piece of mind But they say I'm only working with a piece of mine If I'm a do it it be on my own accord, no crutch Swear to God I've never called upon the Lord so much Play the corner of the club, laughing at the wannabes It's ironic cause they everything I want to be Would light a ton of reef But that's going unleash Everything I'm trying to hide underneath Then I'd lose all I've earned And if there's two things that I've learned Is I'm the only thing at stake And when you the only thing real Really you the only thing fake It must be time to escape from that And fuck rhymes, might be time to escape from rap Why should I be the only nigga to escape from the act? So I lie since everybody just escape from fact Yo that sucker shit niggas be on, I can't dig it Joe, won't lose even if you plan to rig it Yeah, nothing to prove with no fear of how I'm depicted I'm here, won't move, I don't care to be evicted You don't like how I move? Well I ain't going to keep still Any nigga want me killed Want to leave me in the streets peeled Well if it happens, it happens, I believe in free will Just know that ain't how we built I'll call niggas that'll dead you for a cheap thrill When the clips empty they going to try to refill And I'm a be the dude to try and stop them like, “Please chill” Y'all know all I'm about They keep putting up roadblocks, I keep finding alternate routes Now success seems likely everybody want to try me I'm all for it, can't trip me up, I won't fall for it I'm just a man without a care Neighbor to heartache, roommate with despair Reminded my past is darker Cause when A.M. died, I was staring at Travis Barker Wishing it was something I could say to make him cheer up And so I prayed and he teared up I ain't want to see him go through that The same shit that I feel, just never showed you that Cause it's none of nobody business And it just makes you look weaker Every joke is just smoke, got to look deeper Never mind, don't bother, cuz some of y'all smarter Enough ain't got sense that if you try harder You'll get a glimpse of everything that I harbor We all ain't got the strength to be a martyr So to anyone who ever loved me I apologize and I'm sorry Wholeheartedly, can't change, it's just part of me It's not music, it's just art to me Too fucked up to drive, here's the car key I don't care where we go just get it far from me Choices I don't want to make But I know I have to, world's going faster Since my ride or die chose the latter Looking for a rush out of habit Proof there's a such thing as too much for a addict Ain't the nigga I'm belittled as, little as nigga come from middle class When you speak to me show a little class Dropped out of school cause a nigga couldn't sit through class Learned to fall asleep through the sound of a pistol's blast I come from where dad taught mom to get high Well she strong so we still got by When I picked up the drug why the fuck was they surprised? If it wasn't for your genes I wouldn't lust the supply I come from a whole hood telling me that I'm next Handed me a mag, must've noticed I was +Complex+ They say that you a wild individual You just not getting my style, you too typical Everybody got a word for me Shit y'all deem important ain't pertinent to me, nigga Put your opinion with a feather and balance that Grab medicine when the success and the talent match Now pray for them, somebody please pray for them Pray for them, need y'all to just pray for them Pray for them, somebody pray for them Somebody pray for them, need y'all to just pray for them The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 4: A Turn 4 The Worst Song: Aftermath Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Sample from "Rocky Balboa"] (*echo*) You ain't gonna believe this But you used to fit right here I'd hold you up, and say to your mother "This kid's gonna be the best kid in the world This kid's gonna be somebody better than anybody I ever knew" And you grew up good and wonderful It was great just watching you every day, it was like a privilage Then the time come for you to be your own man And take on the world, and you did But somewhere along the line, you changed You stopped being you [Joe Budden - talking over the end of the Intro] It's, it's, it's that On Top Music! [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Look, look, look, shout to all my fans, glad I can inspire y'all Got a couple haters, still tryin to acquire more You're prayin to a higher power, hopin I should fall But even my writer's block, ends in a firewall Everybody acts reckless, judgin by they past efforts If they ran shit, why it won't show up on they track records? (talk to 'em) How could the critics ever hear me and say I'm a suffer? How when they play with words and I make 'em play with each other? Choppers over the booth, ready for prime time Become one with his thoughts, intertwine with his mind Go toe to toe, blow for blow or do it rhyme for rhyme Be competitive coke heads and go line for line Honestly that crap of yours, you should raffle off With me they gettin Genius Bars without the Apple store Under the microscope, I rebut' the scrutiny If I'm to be compared, it's only to who I used to be Take a closer look at rappers and you might discover This faggot's talkin boxing, avoid the Mike Buffers Now you the type to cuff her, me I get tired of her See you the type get hyped to hug her but won't try to fuck her Them pencil thin bitches, me that ain't the style he dates Mine sit on the bed and leave an imprint of a smiley face To introduce the newcomers to my habitat The calm's before the storm, this the debris from the aftermath  (aftermath) [Break - Sample from "Rocky Balboa"] Let me tell you something you already know The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care how tough you are It will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it You, me or nobody, is gonna hit as hard as life But it ain't about how hard ya hit It's about how hard you can get it and keep moving forward [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] Check it, check, check it, let me change pace The alternate route's a long one but you'll ultimately end up in the same place So I tell aspiring artists "think beyond greater" I know some niggaz with platinum plaques and bronze paper But better livin should be earned, never fed or givin So I traded my recognition instead for a vision They always told me that I'd end up dead or in prison Who ever thought that same dude gettin head while he whippin That the chicks would hang up on? Give 'em the dial tone Now buyin wild homes, straight cash without loans I always managed to do better when there's doubt shown I'll teach you how to turn them diamonds into milestones Class is in session and look who's come to tutor They passin the fake off as real like Brian Pumper's jeweler Where I'm from niggaz with fear gettin slumped by shooters But my equal to dumpin Rugers is done by computers I'm gettin bread, every verse like the lotto Give 'em substance but they treat every word like it's a hollow (blaat) My niggaz off parole, I'm tryin to give 'em somethin pure to follow 'Cause he ain't have a pot to piss in, just a urine bottle I come from where so many people were raised with neglect Cops tryin to meet they quota, thirsty to make an arrest All my wrongdoings did, was put my faith to a test Which made me much stronger, guess my mistakes were correct (oh!) Ta ha Ta ha (ta ha)! [Outro - Sample from "Rocky Balboa"] Now if you know what you're worth, then go out and get what you're worth But ya gotta be willing to take the hit Not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of  him, or her, or anybody! Cowards do that and that ain't you! You're better than that! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 4: A Turn 4 the Worst Song: Role Reversal Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com (*Sample from "Give Me More" by Keyshia Cole plays behind Intro and Verse 1*) [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] Uh, Joey! Talk to 'em! (Check this shit) Hopin my true motherfuckers know, realest shit I ever wrote It's (it's), it's (it's), it's that On Top Music! [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Check this, I be at the mall Walk up in the store, glance up at the wall Pick out a few kicks Uh, I need 11's in these, matter of fact while you at it, bring 'em in a size 6 Uh, I take shorty's shoes off, like here try on these J's, make sure them shits fit Uh, but in my head it gets thick, sayin "Joey fall back, 'cause that's not your kid" (OH!) I don't know you little nigga (little nigga) and plus I got a son of my own Yeah, but he's at home and the way he's bein raised, I don't really condone Nah, 'cause his pops been gone Fuck it, I'll explain it to him later when he grown Old enough to have a phone Askin why mommy hate me and he got to sneak to call me when ever he's alone So, you wouldn't know it but I got a soft spot for you See, we would share the same obstacles Lookin from the outside may seem like you neglect him But when he slips up and calls me "dad", I correct him I protect him When baby girl start ventin about you, I say "respect him" And though it seems out of order My own mistakes have turned me into your biggest supporter Fast forward, you wouldn't believe How I could love like mine what I didn't conceive Tryin to help him reach shit that I never achieved Am I doin it for him or is it my own greed? 'Cause see, me and my baby moms, we don't do the conversations So I'm cramped in the back Two bedroom shack with seven people livin there, just congregatin So when your child's with me, I'm over compensatin I'm talkin eight bedrooms, seven baths My son thinkin, that's the shit that only heaven has Mines gotta keep it cool, yours get to see the view White marble around the inground, heated pool Mines got to go to the Y Shit, yours just got to walk outside And the funny shit (what?), the irony of it all and it's just sad Is you walked away, yet I'm the step dad Uh, and then you get on Skype (on Skype), sayin "how you bein, what's the word?" And I be in the background listenin like "this motherfucker here got some nerve" He says "bye daddy, I love you" I be wantin to snuff you but wouldn't have him thinkin less of you But he's perceptive (perceptive) and the shit's wild (wild) He picks up on everything and he's just a child So through all my resistance I'm afraid this two year old can already see the difference (like what?) He sees you don't provide when you capable Why we never fix things, while we're still able to? So you're annoyed, kind of hampers me Get my void, I always wanted a family (why?) Just to greet when I get through the door You gonna have to take the L, I can't give you yours (OH!) I'll do all the work, you ain't gotta be bothered You can be his dad, I'll be his father I relate though, so I know it hurts Got to be uncomfortable when the roles reversed I've been in your shoes my whole life nigga Try these on I relate though, so I know it hurts Got to be uncomfortable when the roles reversed (OH!) [Outro - Joe Budden - talking] Uh (talk to 'em) Ya mean? (I've been there) Shit can't feel good (You wanna see how it feel?) [Sample from "Give Me More" by Keyshia Cole] Give me more Give it to me everyday I need you in every way Oooh, what you do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 4: A Turn 4 the Worst Song: Come Along Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] Uh, uh Ready? Check me out now [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Come along, c-come, come along But I don't trust niggaz, so make sure you come alone I hand picked you, you think sensibly They friends with you, don't need 'em to be friends with me Come along, I'm a take you to some spots that you might like But bring shades, you gonna need 'em for the bright lights Grab a drink, invite dykes that like Vic's We always end up fightin, 'cause that's my vice Come along, c-come, come along And you'll see how it feels when you sittin on the throne When you so much better but they act like it ain't known So if somebody else is on it, it's a temporarily loan Hard to compete when there ain't no competition If everybody's the best, why I feel like comp' is missin? Forced to find inspiration when I never had to So I go against myself, it's a better battle Now come along, c-come, come along Turned up the volume on her favorite song (favorite song) We got so much in common (except) Except when it comes to rhymin She feel like lyrics are so intrusive But I feel about her, the way she feels about music She's cute She don't like the words, she just like the beat and I'm thinkin me too (biatch!) [Chorus - Joe Budden] - w/ ad libs Let it breathe Come along, c-come, come along Can we dim the lights? Let me get into my zone Come along, c-come, come along But I don't trust a soul, so make sure you come alone Let it breathe [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] Check it, come along, c-come, come along And watch these niggaz that's doin it all wrong (whoa) Throwback swag, nigga still doin rims (word) Still doin throwbacks, you still doin Timbs? (word) Lookin for a way to save, you ain't earnin no cake Moved back in with moms, she won't turn you away Then you all on the blogs, showin off a CL When it's followed by the K, gotta know it's a mistake (baby) Benefit of the doubt homie, if that ain't your daughter's car I suggest you stop rappin about a Audemars 'Cause in return, I'm a just call a fraud Every time I hear a bar about the baller you are Now listen, come along, c-come, come along She gonna probably drop her drawers, if she step into my home She gonna probably be on cock It's big enough to get Lost in without Jack or John Locke (whoa!) On the water like an island, thinkin she on the dock So she puttin in work, I'm thinkin she on the clock Uh, slow down baby girl, what you tryin to prove? (huh?) When you live like me, it's funny what one night can do (AH!) [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] Come along, c-come, come along Is you niggaz out your mind? (nigga!) Is it hard to recognize when you out your prime? Maybe they can't imagine livin life without that shine Walk around Hollywood like you so in demand But when the labels stop backin nigga, so do the fans Nigga you ain't a superstar, no allure about you And when you talk about me, it says more about you Now come along, c-come, come along Wonder why when I ain't around niggaz change they tone That's the way it looks Do they really think whatever they say behind my back'll manage to stay put? We know the same people, go the same places From the same hood, can only be so evasive Come along, c-come, come along When you're from where I'm from, you're gonna probably need the chrome It ain't just me, it's like that where we all from Thought some of them niggaz just do it out of boredom Some just preppin for the day they see a war come Hangin in the wrong place if you never saw one Now come along, c-come, come along I don't know who you done dealt with in the past Better be self sufficient ma, you don't get a pass 'Cause your thighs a little thick and you got a little ass You lookin for a sugar daddy, then go for it Twenty somethin years old with nothin to show for it (show for it) Talkin about she was raised different Well get your own pockets bitch (biatch), so was I (OH!) Now really, come along, c-come, come along I don't call them verses, they similar to poems Similar to scriptures, similar to pictures You can stick to rap, what we doin's much bigger (so much bigger) [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Outro - Joe Budden - talking] (*echo*) Huh? J. Cardim, what up? New Jerz, what up? Uh, Slaughterhouse, what up? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Crooked I Album: Mood Muzik 4: A Turn 4 The Worst Song: Sober Up Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] High on life, ta ha (Joey!) J. Cardim, what up? Parks, what up? Dolla, what up? ... (ta ha) I think we got one with this one baby Not really, I hate when niggaz say shit like that (Joey!) Ta ha, quick question though Y'all in that mood yet? Ta ha, naw, naw they ain't hear me (I said), y'all in that mood yet? [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Check, I broke down a while ago, finally pickin up the pieces Memoirs on how the undefeated, can feel depleted I don't talk to God as a matter of fact I plead with At times I hate my reflection and others I'm conceited Half the time I'm arrogant, other times I'm vengeful At times it's to convince me, at times it's to convince you Done a lot of wrong but I ain't never felt resentful It's been so many times, I lost track of who to repent to Half the time I'm in the cut, don't want you to notice me Roll with me and you'll see that I'm only awkward socially Half the time I'm spiteful, double barrel rifle I owe so many payback, I feel like I got a right to So if you need a case in point, you can refer to Budden And it'll prove the painkillers never murdered nothin All it did was make me succumb, put ice in me, make me numb When I revisit the places it takes me from, I'm sprung [Chorus - Joe Budden] (I ain't tryin to sober up) Strong enough to catch contact by You smell it as soon as you get in my ride (I don't wanna sober up) See with me the rules never apply Don't tell me how I should live my life (I ain't tryin to sober up) Put your seat back, got it if you need that You should really fuck with me (I ain't tryin to sober up) Tell me if you wanna ride or die La la la la la la la la [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] Listen up as a sinner reports, my inner thoughts like an inner war Headaches act as a tremblin force on my mental ward Mental's distraught, every word from this sinister boss Is brought to you by the people like your minister's Porsche Tight ropin on dental floss, before the haters begin to get lost Coke and weed got my temperament off But why would my temper get lost, when as soon as the temperature frost I'm probably havin intercourse in a resort Criminal repertoire, pricey condos at a minimal cost My train of thought ain't as simple as yours So if our paths happen to incidentally cross I pray that you can overlook all my miniature flaws (ta ha) Until then let's let the bass kick Take a shot straight, I don't see a need to chase it Tryin to fight the urge 'til there's somethin to replace it I welcome y'all to be my co-pilots on this spaceship [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] Yo, me and the gang would get so blunted We'd order take out from the Chinese stores Say make sure you bring change for a hundred, rob him, safety on the metal's off Figured if we beat the brakes off him, then how the fuck was he gonna pedal off? Some live and die by the high, I was born by it Since Pop gave my mom the needle like “go on, try it” Got me feeling like ain't a nigga could harm me So I go and scoop a mami that wanna come join the army She was so militant, disciplined, diligent So I whispered to her "bet you wouldn't mind chillin" and I got to know her on my sofa I gave her my honorable discharge and she took it like a soldier See she the type you gotta watch when she come around Really she only get high, so she can come down Lost her when I said she ain't gotta settle Once you start ahead in life, you'll be on the same level, I bet you [Verse 4 – Crooked I] When I was five, this what my father said "I should have pulled you out and left you on your mama's water bed" (You ask me, my papa's dead), alcoholic genes from him, since a toddler bottle fed Put me in your stainless, I'm brainless, I'm a hollow head (My life was the craziest), surprised I'm even walkin Can you blame me if I'm (atheist)? But I ain't Stephen Hawkins I know God is in my (radius), I can see him often In the face of an innocent baby but not when preacher's talkin (come on) My people sleep in coffins, I miss 'em, I'm breakin down In the face of a bad bitch that I'm 'posed to be takin down (Baby ridin while I'm cryin, I'm dyin inside 'Cause my pain is Poseidon or a giant Leviathan that I'm hidin from the world) They hit me with everything but the kitchen sink How ironic, same place I vomit when I liquor drink Apparently I need to get a shrink How can therapy take care of me when I don't give a fuck what niggaz think? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Pusha T, Styles P Album: Mood Muzik 4: A Turn 4 the Worst Song: Dessert 4 Thought Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Styles P - talking] (*echo*) (Joe Budden) "Space Ghost" (uh) D-Block (uh) Niggaz know what it is (ta ha) They don't, they fucked up Right (talk to 'em) [Verse 1 - Styles P] Dark forces, get on the level 'Cause you might see an iced out cross on the Devil Illuminati and Masons, what are we facin? (what are we facin?) See you at the crossroad, death's vacation ('cation) Shit is like "Fright Night", get you a nightlight Two blunts, Zeitgeist (Zeitgeist) but mami is Christ like Now niggaz wanna look like women Tight pants, costume jewels, I guess they CEO might bend 'em God bless 'Pac but they ain't got "Thug Life" in 'em (God bless) God bless Big but they don't know the +Everyday Struggle+ (God bless) I keep it thorough, everywhere that I bubble and you bubble gum (you bubble gum) Chew you up, spit you out nigga, 'cause I'm troublesome (troublesome) And if they lyrical, then what the fuck am I? (tell me) The maker of miracles, every couple of lines (lines) Parallel lines in my soul, in my mind (parallel) Then make the jewels unfold every time that I rhyme (uh) You's a speck and I'm spectacular (spectacular) Audio fuckin up your cardiovascular Lyrically spit shit, flip like a spatula (flip) Married to the game and you just a bachelor (bachelor) SP and the Mouse in this bitch (what up?) And I want it quiet as a mouse in this bitch (ssssh) Burn you and your car and your houses and shit (poof) Don't you ever say you hard if I ain't vouch for the shit (nigga) [Verse 2 - Pusha T] It's like a never endin story, I'm here for my glory The engine's too loud, these haters can't ignore me Feelin like a legend, anyone that came before me Drug dealer, posin all this motherfuckin jewelry (motherfuckin jewelry) Came from the crack house, back room, black out Smoke hit they lungs, make 'em UFC Tapout No plan B, it was nothin else to map out So we throw stones while we livin in this glass house (glass house) It's been a minute so they ask where the fire went My kitchen clean but I still got the pilot lit Made a fortune out of fumes, my MacGyver shit Reality TV before Survivor bitch Yuuuck, put our lives on display Who's thinkin about tomorrow? We ain't promised today This rap game fickle, we ain't promised to play The last of the greats, pay homage to me [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] Yo, if my past had an encore, it'd be like an onslaught A lot of niggaz died, there's too many to mourn for I'm thinkin about my youth, us as little kids, am I wrong for Havin thoughts Bishop Eddie would Long for? I got decade old wounds, that are still bleedin That chapter of my life's closed, that y'all still readin (still readin) Straight face on, pretendin to feel decent Casket shoppin for a loved one that's still breathin (still breathin) Uh, swear that shit got in the way of summer Avoidin calendars, since all your days were numbered Laid out in the bed, could barely sit up (uh) Those were your last breathes, I was mistakin for hiccups (oh!) Y'all don't get the picture (uh), when your medicine is liquor (uh) I'm talkin phone ringin, bein too afraid to pick up I know you in a better place and that joy is felt I learned when death calls, it won't leave a voicemail (nah) You would be proud, I'm due to be caked up Wanna make your dreams come true? Gotta wake up (gotta wake up) You groupie niggaz, I don't see how you ill with it Broke and starvin but clingin to your meal ticket (meal ticket) Broke hustlers that bake that trash Back and forth to they vacant stash Still in all I know a few that'll make that cash Quick flip (uh), even Rex Ryan ain't lose the weight that fast Y'all should treat me like royalty (royalty) Last of a dyin breed, that puts money and power behind loyalty (word) Careful, that bitch shit'll rub off Me, I'd rather die with my balls, than have to live with 'em cut off (cut off) Long winded, be patient enough to hear 'em I'll give you the jewels, if you brave enough to wear 'em But know before you swallow it up Food for thought's only as important as what'll follow it up, Joey  (Joey ...) [Outro - Joe Budden - talking] (*echo*) Ta ha Dessert for thought for y'all Uh, go 'head, live with that Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 4: A Turn 4 The Worst Song: 1000 Faces Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] (*echo*) Uh, a thug changes Best friends become strangers [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Yo, now we was once two niggaz of the same kind Went to holla at a hoochie with the same line Sort of, honestly I'd never guessed you were a hoarder And if that would manifest all 'cause of what we both thought of her (dog) So I'm like "how could you get mad at what she thought of me?" I found out seasons don’t only change quarterly 'Cause you got bitter, it was real fickle With me sayin “girls are a dime a dozen”, knew a nigga with a nickel I guess nobody told him that gossip and slander's not the answer (nah) Wish I’d a known that you would flip out over propaganda Ice in my veins, some people are less skilled (what else?) And he brought me up on charges when his ego got killed (talk to 'em) When my friends in doubt, they learn a valuable lesson 'bout In thirty years I ain’t reckoned how to reconcile What hurts more? The act of gettin cut off Or realizin that your two cents wasn’t worth more (dog) [Chorus - Sample from "A Thousand Faces" by Creed] - w/ Joe Budden ad libs Now I'm forced to look behind I'm forced to look at you You wear a thousand faces Tell me, tell which is you Broken mirrors paint the floor Why can't you see the truth? You wear a thousand faces Tell me, tell me which is you [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] Check it, nothin could help somebody switch up more than thirst can I've seen the ill effects that fame could have first hand Am I to blame for the person that you became? When you’re already on that path, it's so hard for me to explain Look, some indicators that I'm watchin, who I never met I see some things happenin now that you would never let If you were in your right mind Were you showin me the right person at the right time Or, were you tryin to make it easy? Did it really please you to please me? Did that make you change everythin about you to appease me? My pride in shambles, wonderin why or when did you decide to gamble Or are you competin with Maia Campbell? When did that become suitable? How could you make somethin so ugly out of what was once beautiful? Next time beauty’s headed towards me, I plan to dodge (until) Until I see it's not just bein used as a camouflage (oh!) [Chorus] - w/ Joe Budden ad libs [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] Check it, only reason I continue to antagonize Just my way of bringin truth into a pack of lies Reveals peoples' true colors, moves a bad disguise Even though it's somethin I predicted, I just act surprised That way the armor never chinks on me Drunk mouth, sober tongue, homie drinks on me That way I'm protected, y'all got no choice but to respect it Seen too many come and go to be affected, how's it not expected? I'm hip to what it's bound to be And them relationships combined, ain't weigh a pound to me And so the bullshit, make sure it's tasteful when it's done You can keep your thousand faces but try bein faithful to one [Chorus] - w/ Joe Budden ad libs Tell me, tell me, tell me You wear a thousand faces Tell me which is you Tell me which is you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ MeLa Machinko Album: Mood Muzik 4: A Turn 4 the Worst Song: Inseperable Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] - w/ sample playing in background Uh Let the sample ride Dim the lights in this motherfuckin booth Uh [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] If I had a choice, I rather my higher power decide to take me first (why?) I think the other way around would only make me worse Rarely was I ever trusted without the suspicions And very few could ever love me without some conditions (hey!) Those the ones I care to treasure, ones I wouldn't dare sever A bunch of my peers efforts been fair weather (if the) If the deaf got great vision and a blind man could hear better Figured since I lost all my senses that I would fair better I'm not the social type, nothin about him socialite Designed the prototype, how to unlove overnight Flip side, I die for my niggaz, put it the simplest You give me your all and I'm a send it back with interest This for my niggaz that'll help me before I suggest it I'm just tryin to send the flowers before you congested The man in fact that I've become y'all had a hand in that And I'll give y'all the world but I'm sure that y'all would hand it back [Chorus - MeLa Machinko] - w/ ad libs We will never be apart It's like two bodies, livin with one heart Together like a lock and key Without you, there is no me Things will never be the same If you ain't here with me, I couldn't see Livin another day Wherever you go You know that I'm goin with you (with you) With you (with you), with you You know that I'm goin with you (with you) With you (with you), with you (with you) [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] I mean,…she was on the phone tryin to sound relaxed (what?) But the words comin out her mouth ain't have the sound to match (nah) Voice tremblin as if you were barely holdin on Meanwhile tryin to be strong to protect your second born Shit was scary to me If somethin happened to you, it'll happen to us, like I'm livin vicariously I seen your life flash, right past, my reaction buried deep inside If you go, they'll have to bury me alive How would I survive? Fuck 'em mom you meant more Life coach and mentor, just a grim thought makes my skin crawl Single mother, held it down when my pop was locked away Cried every time I gave my mom a gift on Father's Day (talk to 'em) But I'll be there for you, like you was there for yours As she was layin, decayin, all her days spent prayin (uh) Gospel music playin (uh) A few days from death but always felt us on our way in, we was like her safe haven (ah!) You always thought you were her least favorite child Only sibling that showed up to at least make her smile At least make her proud, not an obstacle that's too hard True stars strive to be half of the person you are Ain't never neglect, so I'll forever respect I more than owe my life to you, I'm forever in debt, check I mean my mother got cancer in her neck But I'll be right behind you every step, what the fuck did you expect? [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] I'm like, damn, how you always know better than me? Amazes me when you show me what I never could see So the break up never really was a plan to me In retrospect, I think I was complacent with insanity We were so exhausted, bored with, tortured But since I couldn't picture my life without you, I fought it (like what?) Like we could get through anything, it's too much pride in us Better off without each other, I'd have been deprivin us At times you see people in ways you shouldn't portray 'em 'Cause they ain't livin up to a title you shouldn't of gave 'em Head shot, pointblank range, committed murder Honestly thought I couldn't move on, then went further Used to want to see you suffer for that pain you caused Now when I see you gain, I applaud What I'm tryin to say is (what?), don't complain about your path and where it took you 'Cause you might end up with somebody to sing this hook to [Chorus] - w/ sample playing until the end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Fabolous, Lloyd Banks, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Mood Muzik 4: A Turn 4 The Worst Song: Remember the Titans Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Fabolous - talking] Uh, yeah (J-J-J-J. Cardim) Yeah, yeah [Verse 1 - Fabolous] These niggaz losin they minds, you find that there's no reward They say they already home, it's really clear they abroad They sound like they boxed in, it's not just where they record There's a cost to be a boss, they can't clearly afford Swear to the Lord, this gun's like an audience You put on a show, my .40 clearly applauds Sittin fifth row, I might appear to be bored Plottin on a Kanye by screamin "where's my award?" (award) Ballin out of control, never won an ESPY 'Bout to buy a black Ghost and name that shit SP Flow out of this World, I'm comin for my moon man You niggaz slide back like that walkin on the moon dance No glitter gleam, handgun with a beam Have some boys follow you, Street Fam, Twitter team Like you could fuck with me, oh did it seem Dr. King and Def Jam ain't the only ones with "A Dream" (with A Dream) I'm a grown ass man, this kid a teen You're a spoof of me like if hip-hop did a "Scream" Audi coupe lookin good, so I went and copped it Got that TT poppin like a trending topic My ride's mat black, my pride is that jack It might get ya dog shot, even a cat smacked Anyway though, styles don't apply to me Jeff Goldblum couldn't be more "Fly" to me Shorty say right after the suck, fuck poof You hit it on the head girl, duck, duck goose You should of got the message that I chuck up deuce Break 'em off and leave it, you see my fucked up tooth It's fuck a bitch, there's more fish in the aquarium I rarely hear no, like when niggaz ask you to marry them There's no lights in the place you buy your jewelry from Funeral Fab, I'm just here to bury them [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] Reportin live from the beacon, booth tired from the beatin Had foreplay all day, preppin the beatin the mic for a threesome With my vocal, bicoastal, speedin 'til the ride's totaled Mr. Wi-Fi, out a franchise go to Magic, standby locals Watch the track bust once I show my dick size to the Pro Tools (talk to 'em) I teach you how to have models screamin "get behind me!" E-pills and Maybach's ain't gon' matter if your tip is tiny Nevermind me, we could get knee deep in the beef Seek me with the heat but you'll need more to keep me on a leash Here's a cc for the peeps that wanna see me in the streets Invest in Rockports and be easy on your feet Give a few hammers, a few semis and a few snubs To a few Crips, couple vampires and "True Bloods" Gamblin in casinos, have a hunnie handin me my c-notes To her I'm a modern day Gambino I'm careful every step I take (uh) You the nigga walk up in a shootout with some pepper spray (uh) That'd be the last mistake you ever make Me I chop his head off from a rooftop And racin downstairs just to see if I can catch his fade Like groceries when I'm shootin at fags Make sure the bread's separated and put the fruits in a bag Withstand the hatred, dudes is fallin off doin all they can to save it But everybody's run stops, ask Brandon Jacobs What y'all call swag to me is all faggotry Fours wanna blaat at me, that'd equal more casualties, abort the strategy Or get attacked with that Duracell they put in your back, now that's assault and battery You can keep the bitchin to yourself There's beams on every burner, these lasers, a petition wouldn't help What good is havin shooters if they the type that miss? Where I'm from, better be careful where you drive that whip Niggaz put they life at risk for pies that flip In my "Town", Ben Affleck wouldn't try that shit And if he did, he'd get turned around, burnt down Tell the new jacks it'll be a while 'fore they eligible to earn the crown [Verse 3 - Lloyd Banks] Uh, acid out the baggie, this is more than dope, flawless flow Fuckin off a sign every horoscope that wore my robe Strappin up the corner cold, critical, unquestioned, my opponents know I shoot like Capono, watch me own the show Chromatose, toasted, gettin money while I roam the coast Stones and boats, mansions, homes and hos, I deserve 'em both Overdose, time to earn my votes, watch me turn the volts Voltage through a hater, this electric chair, danger Yeah, I see ya, now make way 'fore it turn to diarrhea Here a microphone'll give ya three of everything I wear, yeah Models by the pair, swear, bottles, private Lear, steer Style that's out of here, rare, thousands by the chair, squares Sleep with me, you can't hear, war with me is scary Get beat silly tryin to lamp here, better bring your theory heat I got a drop damp here, niggaz try me barely No one breathes, I need an ant's ear, pressure's necessary Got my mind on the cheddar, kill my haters together Bury 'em in abundance and starve their family's stomachs Paper come in my thumb it's, brand new fifties and hundreds On point, just like the drum is, I'm warnin their baby mothers Got the hunger of a broke rapper, kill you while I'm rollin up, then smoke after Catch you at your show, snatch ya, empty out the dough faster Bentley off the scene, Magnum mo' splasher, four packer Southside nigga spittin coke at ya [Verse 4 - Royce Da 5'9"] Nickel! This is for the fronters and the naysayers I'm about to scare away the drummers and the bass players (bass players) They say I'm out of my league on this one So when I get done I want you to cut your fuckin ears off and Twitpic 'em Lord (Lord), I want you to leave this vicinity You gon' be around here 'bout long as Justin Bieber's virginity This is Jesus identity, mixed with weed, Hennessey, Kennedy, King Mixed with a kill or be killed, killer regime, illest you've seen, switch (switch!) Y'all write all that hard shit, then ya fall right off, it's horrible My oracle is all I offer, so before I borrow yo Won't be here tomorrow flow Sorry, I will probably adios my body with somebody toast (toast) This shit just practice, sickest rappin Baptist Kill your pastor, steal your chapstick After that make you kiss a cactus Then, take your ho, make the ho give the whole clique fellatio Everyone, that wasn't the whole "Entourage" on HBO Then after that, I tell her, I can't do much with ya, shorty I just found out I could fly to Dubai and hire Buffie the Body! (Buffie the Body) Don't call us if the bitches ain't flawless If they are then we can hang like Aretha Franklin braless The drunk me can box like a sober you The sober me be more nervous than Waka Flocka in the voting booth (voting booth) We beef like bein deep and dumpin K's (dumpin K's) You beef like Lady Gaga and her stylist (stylist) Y'all get together to look good in front of a bunch of gays (gay) My feng shui is a pump in the desert You'll come up shorter than an Asian jumpin out of a trunk in the desert While my "Wolfpack" looks for strippers and cocaine Niggaz snitchin, it's a shame, we call 'em male tattlers Fiends touchin they noses more than URL battlers It's hard to spit saliva when you spit fire, so I'll just Pour sugar in your gas tank Put a banana in your tailpipe A huh, so the car can fit the driver (*explosion*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Emanny Album: Mood Muzik 4: A Turn 4 the Worst Song: Welcome To Real Life Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Yo, I seen shorty on the staircase, in front of an empty beer case Weird face, almost like it was "Scared Straight!" Like he ain't have a care in life (uh), wipin tears from his eyes That already appeared to have been dried We chopped it, said he was adopted And there's a lot of shit he just tucks in his closet (uh) Real calm, said he'd always feel harm And all he want to do is meet his real dad and real mom All the nice home and clothes do is remind me (how when) In all these years, they ain't even tried to find me Never mind love, I feel like they never liked me If I thought there was a God, I would ask the nigga "why me?” But some things you better off havin never knew Maybe they wanted better for you than they could ever do You got a family, I see that you don't care for them But love gon' always be love, no matter where it's from What if I said your moms couldn't give birth Contemplated leavin Earth, 'til you brought her life worth Whatever you goin through, could always be much worse Don't make a mistake, mistakin your blessings for a curse (so) So, told dude you in the right place, right here Can't run to your corner when life don't wanna fight fair (talk to 'em) Things'll become quite clear When you decide to wake up and stop havin fantasies about a nightmare (oh! yeah) [Chorus 1 - Emanny] - w/ Joe Budden ad libs They don't see, who you are They too busy posin But the front won't go far Just thank God your fantasy ain't real - real life You got everything but they got nothin Fantasy to real life You got everything but they got nothin [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] Yeah, you damn right she on her high horse She say “don't worry 'bout hers nigga, ride yours” Before you talk, clean your own backyard Souped up and sought after by the athletes and rap stars (uh) Developin a name, creepin to fame She quick to trade her vagina for a seat at the game And it's so foul, she don't see the shame In the act or the fact that she view it as an equal exchange (oh!) But she stay with the newest on, Louboutins Buyin groceries with coupons, sleepin on a futon No self-esteem to cover her lack of confidence She get on Twitter, retweetin all the compliments Pretty face, nice strut with a nice butt Disguise of a slut, only tryin to get wifed up But when it's party time, she won't be a second late Once she leaves V.I.P., it's back home to Section 8 What confused me Is niggaz tried to kick it but she come across bougie, in her best  friend's jewelry Part-time mother (but), but somethin real shady when her Two year old daughter much closer to the babysitter (uh) Cry when she alone, product of a broke down home (yeah) Won't change 'cause she already grown (talk to 'em) Already set in her ways, no need in tryin to help (talk to 'em) So she'd rather find wealth before she can find herself (oh!, yeah) [Chorus 1] - w/ Joe Budden ad libs [Break - Emanny] - w/ Joe Budden ad libs You can be what you want But it's too much for ya to let go Ain't got to be somethin else Better off just bein yourself Ain't gonna get you far When you gonna wake up and deal with the real life? To real life [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] Real quick, let me introduce y'all to Maverick Lifetime addict, who recently kicked the habit (uh) Lookin for a job, companies won't let him have it 'Cause there's drug and gun charges up and down his whole jacket (uh) Constantly rejected, can't deal with the aggravation (so) So now he scared to be honest on the application Past caught up, 'cause every door shuts like “sorry we can't help ya” Then it's back home to the shelter (oh!) Nothin to lose, givin up like many other minions Pendin his trial in the court of public opinion 'Til he got a call from a temp agency Said they had a void, asked could he fill the vacancy? (okay) Unlike what he appears, been employee of the month for a year (I guess) Self doubt is related to fear And they'll never replace him If ya gonna catch up with your dreams, gotta be willin to chase them (oh!) [Chorus 2 - Emanny] They don't see, who you are They just see your posin But the front won't go far You can turn your fantasy to real - real life You got everything but they got nothin Fantasy to real life You got everything but they got nothin, nothin, nothin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 4: A Turn 4 the Worst Song: No Idea Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] Uh Check this shit I just wrote this shit Check this shit out [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Look, I was always told you can't make it make sense, don't trust it So I be out the country with the phone on - fuck it Grown from when I was dusted But took somethin away out of every moment I suffered So y'all can go on and judge it There's a reason that I'm tellin baby girl she gotta practice patience I plan on changin my ways, I'm just procrastinatin Puttin it off like I'll never be in a casket layin (until) With both my parents goin crazy as the pastor's prayin Prideful, I don't even succumb when defeated All that do is get me mad and I'm comfortable heated I come from a family of drunks, I'm the one that succeeded So nowadays I talk to God, when nothin is needed (Father, forgive me?) I'm sorry I don't speak the language of Rappers that's in the closet but they won't hang it up I'm only tryin to build what they attempt to destroy We had a perfect game until it was Jim Joyce'd Check it, what was once so majestic, is now only adored by epileptics I record to resurrect it, by my own accord I can't accept it But when somethin gives you nightmares, can you afford to recollect it? If you can just know them odds stacked "Airplanes ain't shootin stars", you can't B.o.B that I found out when it come to discussin paper Some'll sell they soul and deal with the repercussions later [Chorus - Joe Budden] With every curve they throw, every shot that blows, I'm still here It be the ones that's pretendin to know, really have no idea I just let 'em all go ahead and speak my name How far you gonna reach for fame? Go ahead, fuck up your career I don't care, 'cause they have no idea [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] Check it, so sick, it's livid, all pics are vivid A stip' of bein gifted, gotta be equipped to live with His critics, misquote him and miss tidbits So he's mislabeled, misunderstood, misfitted (talk to 'em) Anytime I was misinformed or misguided I went and got advice from a dude that wouldn't apply it And he'll give out that lesson for free Without a grudge but I keep the past present with me So every morning on the wake up, she's applyin makeup And I'm ponderin all the different ways for us to break up (why?) Women have a tendency to get fickle Predictable, lie and say his dick little It be the ones you could see yourself with forever Givin you a lecture, talkin about you neglect her Couple years in, the strip club will upset her And she'll act like you ain't have them same habits when you met her When you can't take her You start droppin hints for her to read between the lines but she'll act like Fantasia It'll be so much to be said but no one'll convey it The relationship will be over but no one'll say it A doomed fate, livin with who you'd soon hate Ex-life partners trying to co-exist as roommates Once you go through it, you'll believe it And you'll never give a woman more than you'll want her to leave with (oh!) [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] Check it, how can the fans think us rappers are invincible? Can't find anything about that logic that's sensible I'm thinkin they should know better off of principle To them we're action heroes, to labels we're "Expendables" (talk to 'em) My old approach was apprehensible Some started thinkin they fifteen minutes of fame was extendable (nah) They don't cherish the moment like they probably should Once they star's cemented, they act Hollywood Gwapped up stacks to grip Now you're being chauffeured in the back of whips, lifestyle's immaculate Out of touch with reality, I'll help you get a grasp of it Success breeds change but so does a lack of it The homies sendin out subliminals Since you a failed rapper, failed criminal, four bars the minimal Since you ain't from the streets, I'll help and tell you the way it works Say a nigga snitchin, I'm sayin "show me the paper work" I don't get why the inferior bother to diss me Heart of my city, when I go, takin part of it with me I think God'll understand that was part of my misery So instead of "Father forgive me," it's "Father, ya dig me?" Spectated just to see if I'd be checkmated Less progress brings less hatred, which would segue it I learned the hard way some things are better kept sacred Fail at given 'em your all, you'll just be left naked [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Outro - Joe Budden - talking] (*echo*) One more 'gain, oh! Oh! Joey! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 4: A Turn 4 The Worst Song: Black Cloud Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] (*echo*) Nothin stays the same forever Not even me Uh, uh Check this Check it (let's go) [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Something must've changed me, niggaz might defame me But things that used to taint me, no longer seem to restrain me Strangely, I'm no longer sad, mad or angry Shameably it pains me, feelin like it just ain't me Mainly, what do I tell all the people that thanked me? Namely, those who ordain me, aside from "can you blame me?" Motivation the game was supplyin me, it's no longer providin me Jayson Williams somethin killed whatever was drivin me Worryin less about the past, more about the now (the now ...) Less about what I'm goin through, more about the how (the how ...) It's for certain, for 30 years bein fit for hurdlin Now I'm a different person, with nothin to overcome and I miss the burden For certain, got six figures in my sock drawer And honestly, this year I expect to make a lot more It's hard to live without a budget when life is corrupted In a house that's so peaceful that I'm tryin to disrupt it Scream "fuck it!", not 'cause I have to but 'cause I love it Which makes me as fake as the puppets that I speak of disgusted (disgusted ...) Without a paddle up shit's creek Dig deep and see it ain't life, it's just me (me ...) So be warned as I'm puttin on like I'm reformed Only so y'all can accept it as bein my norm Maybe I quit workin on me, maybe I've given up Maybe I've been lyin to myself, maybe I give a fuck (fuck ...) [Chorus - Joe Budden] It's enough to make you black out, pull a MAC out Aim it at the sky while I'm runnin from the black cloud (cloud ...) Every day we playin cat and? mouse As I watch it hoverin over my glass house Enough to make you spaz out, pull a MAC out Aim it at the sky while I'm runnin from a black cloud (cloud ...) Tired enough for me to pass out (out ...) Tired of runnin from the black cloud (cloud ...) [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] I say it loud, hopin someone can hear me clearly Tryin to make my girl get it, she don't know that it's very scary But she's a nympho, she could be barely near me She'll still want the God in her, I think she Mary Mary The prettiest bitches just want to service me While niggaz pretty as bitches wouldn't get a word from me Some of you haven't heard from me, some of you wouldn't mind murkin me Find that news funny like it's straight from Ron Burgundy These niggaz ain't never seen dough They can dream though, I bump into ‘em in between shows People say I'm emo, what that really mean though Is though the songs can't breathe, I actually make it seem so I've lost loved ones because they couldn't deal with me Cherish whoever still with me, though the merit's been killed in me Normally it's just me and my lonely mind Everyone's storm is different, so this forecast is only mine Fans recognize my misery uplifted me Shifted me to my epitome, guess the curse is a gift to me Maybe it's serendipity, maybe it's weighin on me physically Maybe I should man up and tell God not to solicit me Been medicated, meditated, sedated, hated Character assassinated, all these years I've masqueraded Hard headed, if it was on my mind, I had to say it Tongue on the Devil's pitchfork to see how disaster tasted Rap is fabricated, rappers are so exaggerated Wouldn't be scared of the truth if they weren't castrated Grab a Mag and spray it, surrounded by people that's suitable for me That'll unconditionally love my beautiful ugly Now let me speak to who I cater to Would you love me the same if all my weeks were not favorable? Promise to maintain bein unique but relatable All while sufferin from a disease that can do away with you Poetry on the beat, spoken word for the masses Therapy over Pro Tools, every word is on acid Consonants are on kush (kush), every vowel is blunted Highly wanted, this whole organization privately funded This is bigger than the Eiffel, this is alert the public Had the coppers by our tunnels and our bridges with the rifle Sentences meant to stifle, this is a man achin This is the dam breakin, contraband in the makin This is panic unveilin, got potential but I never met it He be tryin to come over, it seem like God won't let it Either he never got my invite or he just dismissed it But if all I'm hearin are "Sounds of Blackness", why am I pessimistic? You'll never progress if you'll never try (try ...) All I ask, let every word I birth, never die (die ...) My wings spread but when I'm at the sky Weather didn't change like I thought and had me petrified (petrified ...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Joell Ortiz Album: Mood Muzik 4: A Turn 4 The Worst Song: Follow My Lead Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Uh, I got bitches on my dick, I don't want 'em near Closet full of brand names, I don't wanna wear Everybody got advice that I don't wanna hear World in your palm but you don't wanna share Still I'm followin you - are you leadin me with a weapon drawn? Co-dependent on her but got me in bed alone You say if you love it let it go, nothin set in stone Plus every rock they throw, I use as a stepping stone Got questions, say the answer's better left unknown Though I may not never see you, I should know you never gone So I break the mirror, 'cause everything it's showin me is wrong Grab your hand and go along - 'cause I'm followin you I say I should be pleased, what if I'm saddened? Always say I've been through worse, what if I haven't? But if that holds true, here's the lesson If you keep your head down, you might miss out on the blessing, sing [Chorus - Joe Budden] - w/ ad libs I don't need the money (money), I don't need the fame (fame) I don't need the lifestyle, I don't need the pain (pain) I don't need the clubs (uh), I don't need the cars None of that really matters to me (whoa) I don't want the bad bitch, I don't want the strain (nope) I don't want the highs, enough shit on the brain I don't want whatever's gonna help me be sane I just wanna follow your lead [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] You sayin follow my lead, follow, follow my lead Brought me to my knees, he must wanna holla at me When the world feel like swallowin me When every decision costly and I ain't got a dollar on me Check it, I don't wanna pretend, I don't wanna live a lie I don't wanna be judged, don't wanna be criticized I don't wanna talk, there's nothin I wanna say The more I let 'em get to know me, the more they just run away And that, must be your way of sayin we should stay together I know how to fuck it up more than I can make it better I figured folk around me would learn to take it better Instead of tryin change me, I've been this way forever Time will reveal more will be shown You pushed it, I thought the door closed on it's own But uh, nevermind what caused it Livin a dream, nothin in this world powerful enough to pause it, sing [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] He's sayin follow my lead, follow, follow my lead (uh) Cig in my mouth, prescription bottle by me And even when I think you might be makin a mistake I may not know the destination but I make it there safe Check it, when I feel like I can't get weaker, uh You always come and make a cameo or feature I'm good with my insanity and fevers 'Cause Pac's lookin from heaven sayin "they ain't understand me neither" A lot of times you leave me exposed And laugh at me, still thinkin I could be in control Help me weather the storm, altogether I ain't know him 'Cause I always disagree, though you ain't never been wrong Listen, I was feelin nearly unstoppable And now I'm facin what appeared to be impossible Feelin unimportant enough to have to bother you But I'm down here alone nigga, all I got is you [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Break - Unknown Female Singer] Uh, follow my leeeead Follow my lead [Verse 4 – Joell Ortiz] Check it (yoawa), I can't fit it all in a sixteen The night that I was tipsy and all them bullets just missed me (oh!) The day they rushed the block, I was strapped but they didn't frisk me (damn) Why I ain't fuck that stripper? Don't ask and now she's sick B The drop on that jewelry store for fifty And I backed out last minute like "nah, this shit look risky" One of my mans dead, the other one in Poughkeepsie (man) Another one in the Feds, he'll be there until he's sixty (no!) I want to thank you for the blessings and the gifts And the lessons and the messages they left, I get the drift (I know) Fuck the cheddar or whatever, it don't measure up to this (naw) I mean never did I ever not remember you exist (woo!) When I hop up out my bed, hands together and I wish Swear to you it's from the heart, inside my chest you let it tick (thank you) I love you from the soul with every spiritual molecule (word) Fuck Twitter, all a nigga gotta do is follow you [Chorus] - w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Emanny Album: Mood Muzik 4: A Turn 4 The Worst Song: Stuck in the Moment Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] (*echo*) How's everybody feeling out there? Y'all good? I wanna thank everybody for coming out Sharing this moment with a nigga It means more to me than it can to anybody else Trust me (talk to 'em) [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Check it, When the night falls and the smoke clears Millions of miles away, yet they so near (uh) I remember memories, so I'm never lead astray When tomorrow comes I know it's only due to yesterday Without a boundary (uh), check my latitude New attitude, see I'm grateful for havin gratitude I'm not complacent (but), but got no regrets Few hatin niggaz wanna see me regress Deep breath, life is too short for me to be stressed Interpret ice grillin as their way of sayin he's blessed You wanna hate, I got my own show, be my guest Remember doctors used to tell me I was depressed At the time was datin a model with double D chest I thought, 'til she laughed that shit off and said these's F's Before I bought my first gun, was already armed Teach you about couth, little bit of class, heavy charm Used to give my last, for a nice chain, heavy charm High school dropout but went to every prom (talk to 'em) Now everyone I went to high school with Now they thirty years plus still on some high school shit (talk to 'em) Seems like all the fly niggaz and bitches that was well off (now they) Is junk head high niggaz, all the bitches fell off From surgery, rappin for niggaz that never heard of me (uh) Burglaries, dappin up niggaz that want to murder me (uh) If you close minded, I call that an emergency Blind fold yourself as if there's nothin more to further see (ta ha) Honestly that's absurd to me If the sky is the limit, then where's the urgency? (me?) I embrace life (ta ha), I'm so carefree But I won't judge y'all, if you don't care to be (uh) Just know no matter who you are (what?) The right system'll (it'll), turn a role player to a superstar (oh!) I'm talkin rock bottom, a whole 'nother tier Stuck in the moment made me move to a whole 'nother year How'd I become straight forward? No baggage, y'all can run from the past, I'm a make my way towards it Like (ta ha), nigga I remember stage fright Back when I ain't know if I could rock the stage right Who knew I'd end up bein the nicest? My point, hard to come up short when shit is priceless (ta ha, uh) Hard to come up short when shit is priceless (oh!) [Chorus – Emanny] - w/ Joe Budden ad libs I can't explain it, I just gotta embrace it That something got me feeling this way, yeah Instead of runnin, I'm waitin here for it 'Cause nothin ever been this great I'm stuck in the moment Stuck in the moment, the moment Stuck in the moment, the moment I'm stuck in the moment Stuck in the moment, the moment Stuck in the moment, the moment I'm stuck in the moment [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] I say this with all certainty, people wantin the worst for me Got to wait in a long line, it's not a first for me Most of my defects have been put in my past If you only see what I have, then you overlookin my path If you knew about my hardships and the bloodshed It'll speak for itself (trust me) and that's enough said I carry heavy weight, who wanna try and bear it? Hope to lessen it daily, if you wonder why I share it Bein stuck in that moment never appealed to me You ain't live my life, so you can't imagine how real it be I'm talkin about the long haul Put me on a high pedestal (then you), better be prepared to watch a long fall (So) So the trampoline I adore Got so much to say to the people I ignore Dog, some moments you rather forget because they scare you I lock onto them shits like a pit, they just prepare you Photographic memory of déjà vu The way I do, whatever I say I do Nigga built Ford Tough, show facades what talent is (you could) Get a different V, you ain't got to Dodge Challenge this (oh!) +Emotional Rollercoaster+, Vivian Green Every event led to livin a dream (or), or do I live in a dream? Where there's no such thing as a crisis My point, can't come up short when shit is priceless (oh!) [Break - Emanny] I've been through the struggle, been through the hustle But never did it bring me down I don't know where I'm goin But all I know is, I'm stuck in the moment Maybe I've been, here before But I don't see no need to change it Don't know what life has in store But I'm prepared to embrace it [Chorus] - w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik 4: A Turn 4 The Worst Song: If All Else Fails Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] Mic check, one two, one two This what the fuck I'm talkin about right here though You ready Parks? [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Check it (woo!), if all else fails, I get back to what I know Ratchet for my foes (uh), watchin for informants, take a stab at it with snow Long john jacket for the cold, some habits are hard to outgrow I work so hard, you think the studio's my lodge inn If all else fails (what?) I don't have a doubt that I'd be back in that studio apartment Gettin it in, closet size living room and the kitchen's my den Playin lotto, hopin numbers'll save the day Back to price checking, back to layaways Since I ain't never hit nothin like a bad fadeaway Back to the corner, takin a bag of haze to face Basic flow, when I tried to get my cake to grow (what?) I hit the pawn shop and turn into Trader Joe Sheisty kid, yack ya jewels while they glistenin Snatch the hearing aid from a senior, while they listenin If all else fail, don't know where I'd be Scratch that, probably at home, nowhere to be Or probably fuckin a broad that, I treat like a floor mat Ugly enough to cover her face when a gauze pad (uh) And that's a step down from my New York rat That ride it like a horse back (uh), with the horse back But it won't fail, so if you try to rob the kid Banana clips by the bed'll put a stop to it Nevermind that, first you gotta beat the guard I can change the channel on my TV and see the yard If it all failed, I'm ready for the scam Forgin fake checks screamin “Catch Me If You Can” If all else fails, I'd be out pullin Jerz capers Knowin me, I'd be best friends with my worst haters Uh, I'd be dustin off the AR or be behind state bars, for jackin a bait car If all failed, I'd be right back in them block cyphers Just to show these local niggaz I'm a lot nicer 'Cause the less you succeed, the more you loved for it While the more you achieve, the more you snubbed for it If all else failed and my pockets were empty Everything I despised, I'd probably envy Ignorant shit rappers floss that offends me 'Cause I wouldn't be able to attain it, it would tempt me Frontin in my man's Maserati I might bag somethin with a modest body, from a college party Next morning hungover so she can't remember I would deck my whole crib out from Rent-A-Center If all else failed and I ain't get a break yet I'd get unemployment while collectin a paycheck Would it mean I wasn't build for the bright lights? Say goodbye to front row seats at fight night If it all failed, I'd have a pretty common future From a Chart House nigga to a Ramen noodler Would my girl say you no longer attract me Pack up all her shit and head South with an athlete? My name would hold no weight, so I'd lose the perks OD on OxyContin, abuse the percs I'd be a felon gettin my scriptures tatted on (uh) First 48 star gettin ratted on If all else fails, I wouldn't take precaution New hooptie every month would be my way of flossin And the crib would be an all night party With six baby moms, then I'd Jet 'em like Cromartie Uh, fantasizin the girls I could of dated Hood referrin to 'em as the one that could of made it Uh, I'd be the only one who cares Or am I just recitin my fears as they appear? Shouldn't of even put the idea in the air 'Cause it's not possible, let's make that clear baby (ta) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Dres (Black Sheep) Album: Slaughterhouse EP Song: Back on the Scene Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Crooked I] Here we go yo, here we go {*2X*} Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up! [Dres] Back on the scene! Crispy and clean! Back on the scene! Crispy and (SLAUGHTERHOUSE!!) [Royce Da 5'9"] Slaughterhouse family, ridin like a taxi And yeah, I'm like Dres, I am like the +Black Sheep+ I just want a, GANGSTA bitch, or I be a bad G You sound dry, your legs look a lil' ashy You thought what you said was +Classy+ But Slaughterhouse been about bread since Freddie Blassie Freddy'll say nasty, I'm a rap assassin that's sittin in the Aston that's cleaner than the demeanor of Eddie Haskell Call me a defensive BACK on the track spit And that Slaughterhouse pigskin you couldn't put it past me We done, been through a whole lot in the past Cause niggaz bash us for bein spazzes Let it be known we never known for bein average We prime like the Corleone re-enactment When it comes to talent, we the Jacksons Eat a track, we assassins We, mean, we back on the scene [Chorus One: Dres] Back on the scene! Crispy and clean! Back-back on the scene! Crispy and clean! Back on the scene! Crispy and clean-clean! Back on the scene! Crispy and (SLAUGHTERHOUSE!!) [Crooked I] You spend twenties on flowers, me I put doves on the rose That's why I'm in the club with your hoes What you lookin hard for? Don't spill escargot on yourself, and get slugs in your clothes We the ones with the flows Who hit 'em with the dope lines? The answer's right under your nose Whenever hip-hop's fallin off the track We pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, 'til we back on the scene, crispy and clean Fix me some whiskey and lean, bitch we the kings Only time your music is fly is when I use your compact disc as a frisbee to fling Pyoon! I'm a cold young - nigga This your hoe come - get her, cause I'm so done - wit her Made her whole tongue - glitter, with the old cum - spitter Hit her then slide home, homerun hitter [Chorus One] [Joell Ortiz] Yaowa! It's a wrap for your team When I get in that ring I put rap in a fiend I don't know what's happenin-ing Either I'm gettin better or y'all fallin off like the sag in my jeans Relax and I'm clean, immaculate lean And go in my two-step, somethin fat in between Haters, don't get mad at my dream Opposite's attract, I'm nice and the track is just mean So I'ma fuck it up, flow {?} Olive button up, Bo Jackson's and green Fresh fitted cap on the bean Sorta like a spine on a movie screen, back on the scene Back under that light's like a gat with the beam Back at the register with the plastic machine Back wearin my gold like Magic, Kareem Back in them rap magazines - click! [Chorus Two: Dres] Back on the scene! Crispy and clean! Back-back on the scene! Crispy and clean! Back on the scene! Crispy and clean-clean! Back on the scene! Crispy and clean! Back-back on the scene! Crispy and clean! Back-back on the scene! Crispy and clean! Back on the scene! Crispy and clean-clean! Back on the scene! Crispy and (SLAUGHTERHOUSE!!) [Joe Budden] Check it, them rumors you heard about me I refute those The attributes of hoes, don't affect my attitude at all Die from what you told, blood on your new clothes Cause even the biggest form of Nuvo{?} What they want so glock's wit 'em, be in a box wit 'em Try and box wit 'em while he got the ox wit him Dot the I's/eyes wit 'em, whole life's a rehearsal Cars got the horsepower of that Old Spice commercial Silence when a vet's speakin, I'm jet skiing with lesbians You just seein wantin to just be him In the casino (no) spendin petty cash (cash) No worries, I'm the same as what you met me as Bitches sayin, "Go ahead with your sexy ass" Y'all can have my heart, you can get it out this plexiglass Here's a message to the haters I'll take money, power and fear, the respect'll come later [Chorus Two] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: Slaughterhouse EP Song: Sun Doobie Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  "You get more for your money, when you fuck with Mr. Porter-r-r-r-r..." [Joell Ortiz] As long as I got my pen I don't need a friend We got ears that we each'll lend each other, my brother just hollered at me again He said he tired of all the lyin, deceivin and  dick-ridin the people providin on every beat but when I do it it's stupid, I bruise it like a bad pitch I lose it, my music's a movement and they just mad stiff I told 'em it's mathematical in this pad lift Point 'em out and I will subtract him, with an ad lib (ha ha!) See the fact is (what?) I'm a bastard How can I not be +Macho, Man+? I'm a +Savage+ In the past I was passive, now I'm mad bitch I'm spazzin, you get an Adidas classic where yo' ass is [Royce Da 5'9"] Eh-eh, eh-eh, Nickel ain't the one at all Snatch your vocal chords out then plug 'em in my wall You a knife at a gun fight, our shit is raw You a square, you're silverware in a civil war The Slaughterhouse wolf pack, riders under the moon The reason you itchin wit'cha lighter under your spoon I'm a lover, the lead bustin is old to me You put your head in her butt, I headbutt the ovaries God dipped me in war paint for all weathers I'm Mr. spill the liquor on my alcohol tether No need to ride with nobody, I feel the heat can help me Your jean's skinnier than Em is when he eatin healthy, hahaha WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, Shaaady! WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA! {"Mr. Porter-r-r-r-r..."} [Joe Budden] Outnumbered, outspoken, outcasted Outweighed outrageous odds and outlasted Outlandish, so I learned to outwit 'em I outsmart 'em, outgrew 'em, I outdid 'em Cream, out-bid 'em, team can't out-spit him (You could) Keep sleepin, your wet dream is out with him (See) Doin a lil' yoga, a lil' kama sutra Steakhouse nigga, used to be a Ramen Noodler (I was) Heavy on B and E's, was a calm intruder Pumped a Ruger, moms called me con and loser I suggest you and your mans'll regroup (why?) Bet against it, and probably can't recoup - out! [Crooked I] I point a pistol at your mamma mia I'm sick as Tyson in the ring at the Colosseum with gonorrhea Fuck a rapper, my clapper black as Bahamadia Fuck you R&B bitches, shut up! You not Aaliyah (Ha ha!) When Mr. Porter record a piano Producers may wanna order some ammo I'm a California corner reporter Your boy wasn't born with a quarter, bein poor was a horror Now my aura is sorta Soprano; look here We reinvent the wheel to have a +Good Year+ - and y'all tired We like Tyler Perry mixed with Everlast The House of Payne/Pain, Slaughterhouse gang nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: Slaughterhouse EP Song: Everybody Down Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Joe Budden] As, we, pro-ceed, to give you what you need {*2X*} [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] Slaughterhouse up in this bitch, get your bitch, Nickel quick Joey, Crook you know we shut, everybody down! Bitch this ain't no club hit, this ain't for no bitches This a motherfuckin stick-up, quick, everybody down! [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm about to rob the hardest nigga out here, yes I'm on my Joker shit I keep a Heath, Ledger for the joke of it I don't plan ahead I'm done, I don't gamble I just keep a fo'-fo' clip full of bullets that resemble poker chips I'm so the shit, bitches jumpin on my pogo stick Slaughterhouse you know we sick; everybody down! Take your bitch, same bitch you wake up with Make her trick, 'til her fuckin thighs hurt Mama if your pussy wet, shouldn't have a dry purse Call me Ryan Rhinoplasty, I will augment yo' ass if you mess with God's work When it come to drama fightin's second, homicide's first I don't look for drama, drama follows me so why search? Everybody everybody, we gon' need you quiet (shhh) Slaughter got a message, everybody - down! I'm a cheddar getter, you a teller, I don't care whatever I'll just scare the witnesses - I'm the illest in here Bring your pen and pad and we'll compare the sicknesses Where the fuck the ruler at so we can measure sentences? I am better than I ever been, never been better I don't follow trends, I set trends for the trendsetters Nickel [Joe Budden] As, we, pro-ceed, to give you what you need As, we, pro-ceed [Crooked I] And now, the drive-by.. first I pull up on your block Let my entire torch all spit fire, burn down your empire's boardwalk Bitch I am meltin my rim tire, draw off Porsche hit the wall then my pill high has worn off Crawled out, grabbed the new banana clip Lacerations on my face, travel agent shit I still plan a trip Ran up on the first nigga who had a whip Either die a hero or abandon ship (get out yo' car nigga!) I could kill you now, fuck a witness I'm all about my business, you all about your bitchness And I ain't 'bout to slow down You oughta ask yo' daughter about fuckin around with Slaughter, you bound to go - down I'ma disappear when you meet the Lord I'ma be at border G for the Singapore with mi amor Or, bring a whore to be a slut, either or We ignore casualties of war, you can meet the floor now [Joe Budden] As, we, pro-ceed, to give you what you need {*2X*} Look here, yo I get on my I-don't-give-a-fuck tip, fuck the money, fuck the wealth Fuck your label, fuck your lyrics, you sit on the fuckin shelf Lava so if I ain't in the topic of the constant the discussion fell Tell the bitch that this dick ain't gon' suck itself Nigga! I ain't a rapper, I'm a mercenary Every verse I bury some'll blame it on the perks I carry Been in disguise when I failed or I lost But they won't know I'm a god until I'm nailed on the cross And these rappers is a mess, sad if this they best Magnum to they chest, they can piss me it won't matter what they said They just rhyme, I just climb on the ladder to success And may even bring in some niggaz that would rather me with less My advice for the fuck boys, make some hard improvements Career at a standstill, how you gon' start a movement? Slaughterhouse the gang, take part in what we doin or get steam-rolled over nigga, pardon the intrusion [Joe Budden] As, we, pro-ceed, to give you what you need {*2X*} [Joell Ortiz] Uhh, y'all just heard my man snap, this is rubberband rap Twist a Tropican' cap, pop a Zantac; everybody - down! Faithful, I ain't fuckin around Uppercut a clown for bein playful, pay homie with a frown I don't think y'all understand the magnitude Mathetical radical equations are easy to solve for YAOWA I'm the square root of a truth table In the booth able to raise the bar for some part of the 9th power I don't pick at food, I devour You think you hot dog? I'm walkin round with the sauer- -kraut and onions, buns and ketchup, mustard, relish Wow I think I'ma fart, everybody DOWN! I don't want the crown, I rock a fitted navy brown Well it's blue but y'all been colorblind since I done came around Nobody can see me, I'm pissed off like my pee-pee Then bought it in Ouija, be easy - Slaughterhouse this is it! [Outro: Joe Budden] As, we, pro-ceed, to give you what you need {*2X*} Ha ha! House Gang, Joey! As, we, pro-ceed, give you what you need Nickel! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ The L.O.X. Album: Slaughterhouse EP Song: Put Some Money On It (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  Grind Music bitch! [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo Joell, I'm on this son {"Put some money on it"} Yeah, Don Corlito flyin out a Tito The further I get the ground look more mosquito Dutch burnin, other hand big Mojito I don't mean Dorito when I say {"Put some money on it"} Yeah, you ain't really all around all that stuff The coke, the crack, the guns, heard 'bout enough They said, "Yo Donny, you gon' really sign with Puff?" I said I'll live too long as Diddy {"Put some money on it"} What? I'm the L.O.X. Jeter Tattooed up in a white wife-beater Aston Vanquish parked at the meter I forgot to feed her, better go {"Put some money on it"} Yeah, now they all love the Don G I'm on BET more than "Leprechaun 3" They say I'm on fire, it don't hurt when I pee I don't layaway, only y'all {"Put some money on it"} [Joell Ortiz] Uhh, yaowa! Put your guap up hot stuff, you not tough Let's play a game of Trouble and when I pop up It's with the glock tucked, crotched up in a dropped up low like you know how this go {"Put some money on it"} I'm a product of the corner Cornered the market with the product I would offer, slaughtered the garbage Slide a condom on your daughter on the floor in the projects Homeboy I make more than a promise {"Put some money on it"} I know the amount of hate that my worth sparks But I ain't goin nowhere like a birthmark I pound puppies before they get to they first bark Anybody wanna get they first spark? {"Put some money on it"} Hey, what's the matter? Cat got your tongue? Your words so feint they collapsed in your lungs Put some bass in your voice like you snacked on a drum Watch my fist make a track on your gums {"Put some money on it"} [Jadakiss] AH-HAH! Never been wack so that ain't one of my issues Get my bread and take care of my pistols Soon as I open a brick you can see the crystals Soon as the piff come in you can {"Put some money on it"} Trust me it's imported, shoot it or snort it Oxy's, {?}, profit is gorgeous Stay off the phone cause the calls are recorded And if you can afford it then you better {"Put some money on it"} Tryin to be a diamond in the game I been one Killin niggaz with the flow, H1N1 You can get a buck-fifty quick, a thin one Before rap I had a drug dealer's income {"Put some money on it"} Master Jason God on the rocks with a splash of Satan Stash right here with the ratchet waitin, since you hatin Name the place and the date and {"Put some money on it"} [Styles P] Never trust niggaz no further than I can throw 'em Long with the razor and the doctor can't sew 'em Said I as the hardest out, now I gotta show 'em Cocksucker doubted me, I owe 'em {"Put some money on it"} You could be that dude in cement shoes or the next soft nigga on this evening's news Rap beef, street beef, breeze through crews Freeze, handguns, machine guns {"Put some money on it"} I don't even need guns, play me like I'm poppa shit End up with a hawk in your esophagus Hardest nigga to walk in the metropolis Genocide mixed with apocalypse {"Put some money on it"} Kill niggaz real easy dawg Ghost in the flesh, fuck a Ouija Board Droptop Beamer with the BB's on Gun in your face, and I ain't shootin BB's dawg {"Put some money on it"} [Crooked I] SLAUGHTERHOUUUUSE! [Royce Da 5'9"] Slaughter gon' be runnin you over over a century You ain't one of The Lox, you don't flow nowhere near me You ain't Tip, Ali Shaheed, Phife Nigga you probably +The Low End Theory+ {"Put some money on it"} You still doin shows for fifty seats Still writin rhymes 'bout LeBron that's with the Heat Still writin raps 'bout Kat and Chippy D My next freestyle I'ma blast through WikiLeaks {"Put some money on it"} Maserati ridin with that Mary on It's a black and white thang, call that chick Arione Talkin all that shit you a fuckin fag I do you like a Louis duffle bag, at the airport {"Put some money on it"} Bitch, a carry on, my head growin Gettin my Barry on, lead throwin With necessary while you puttin on a show for them hoes Gettin your Tyler Perry on, c'mon {"Put some money on it"} Uh, my mic manners is quite mannish I got these young bitches tongue flippin just like Spanish You gotta feed her just to hit it, that don't count to me I take her, fill her tummy up, I don't mean out to eat Nickel! {"Put some money on it"} [Crooked I] Floor seats at the Knick game, I'm traffickin weed I'm at The Garden in The Apple like Adam and Eve And my gat'll put your hat on your sleeve Now you really ahead of your time, I'm out of your league {"Put some money on it"} See I get dough and cop the Benz-o My job credentials is confidential It's not pretend so everything is autobiographical Weight of the world on my shoulder, the planet on my clavicle {"Put some money on it"} But it don't matter though cause I'ma go get it Life's a bitch and then you get thrown in it That's why I get +Cash Money+ like it's +No Limit+ This material shit, I'm so wit it, get it? {"Put some money on it"} This is for you rap stars feelin y'all clever I'm the penitentiary's sick ward, illest bars ever I ball in the paint hard It's like I'm acceptin bank cards the way that I take charge {"Put some money on it"} [Joe Budden] Low tints on the CL, gray coupe Only out of the cage when all hell breaks loose Focus pimpin, all my shooters veered off the road to redemption So it's no exemptions {"Put some money on it"} When Joe is mentioned, the flow is pinchin Got me in a mansion with a gopher, Benson If you said you rap you better than that What we'll do is treat your head like a tab {"Put some money on it"} The outfit is fresh, foam {?} is cobwebs She don't look like a model then I probably wouldn't pop her Dudes is my son, should be callin me poppa I won't acknowledge it, treatin me like a Focker! {"Put some money on it"} Hip-Hop ain't dead, I been puttin the pulse in from long ago (since) I mean back when Tracey Ullman had her own show (uhh) Want fire? Put Mouse on it If I'm a liar go ahead {"Put some money on it"} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: Slaughterhouse EP Song: Fight Club (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Joe Budden] Ladies and gentlemen! Frequency, I present The new fight club up in this bitch (Slaughterhouse) We go by the name of Slaughterhouse We outta here, only one rule No rule, no rule [Crooked I] Joey, no rules, gunshots, no prob No jewels, niggaz say I got robbed I'm still wearin my bling And fuck first class, I fly standin on Virgin America's wing Nuts hang, knockin down skyscrapers Take a piss, make it rain, I'm the American dream Make it rain, I ain't Pacman Jones Nigga, balls and my word all a black man owns [Joe Budden] If you in that man's zone, how you figure to gain? Can't bowl a 300 in another nigga lane Better aim, you dealin with a 7-10 split [Crooked I] That's Long Beach cause we on some 7-10 shit [Joell Ortiz] I've been nice since "227" man, shit I am sick and I'm never gettin better, that's it (Slaughterhouse) Give me somethin sharp to sever that prick Like a group broke up I will dismember that clique [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm a veteran, remember that shit We some internet rappers, then why you on our internet dicks? We'll be there when it's war callin Either we high or we fly or the floor fallin I'm a Tommy gun – it ain't no best The rap game like a St. Louis verses New York battle, nobody won A bunch of fuckin 2's and 3's like zone defense [Joe Budden] {*sighs*} Please get at dudes Ortiz (nah, you beast 'em) Hold up won't stop, cain't stop, thank pops Hard-headed, gotta hit a wall first like a bank shot Get it clear – a cokehead's a thin line between friend or foe, won't let the shit disappear This fiscal year I'ma stay hot buzzin with dudes that help me shoot like A-Rod cousin Walk in my shoes and your feet get callous from Jersey City to Caesars Palace I speak with malice just to make sure the street gets salvaged Real talk, where would all us be without it? Slaughterhouse no fear - too many dudes Tyson Chandler tried to leave they team and went nowhere [Crooked I] Like Tyson Chandler in the past niggaz on some bullshit Royce, tell Preme I got a full clip (whoa!) Niggaz used to run when they saw Suge's face Faster than Joey and Joell in a foot race Now you ask me where the incident took place Don't check the internet, check hood space You dealin with some intelligent creatures I don't touch guns, I draw with telekinesis No fingerprints on Crooked's mag I'm mixed with good and bad like the Goodfellas and Jesus First Biggie and Jay made it I'll leave a bandanna at your murder and make it gang related The bitch at the Shonie's told me homie [Joell Ortiz] Ortiz, I'm the one and only Pick a spot, I pick apart you dudes who pick a part This ain't a movie, I feel bad like lookin at a pic of 'Pac Niggaz hearts gettin sparked every time I give a arc to my wrist and it twists like a spliff when I'm sittin in the park Tall corny niggaz ain't makin a bigger mark I'll boost drugs, what I does got 'em runnin to get a NARC You guppies unlucky, you in a tank with a shark Teeth crooked like my dog who just finished a vicious bark [Royce Da 5'9"] Flick a dart through your top hat Weak MC's you cannot rap; Freq', where the drop at? Now you mad at Tahiry cause your ass ain't famous Get it nigga? Your "ass" ain't famous Quit talkin 'bout me cause ya ass ain't dangerous They call me Hustler because my mag game heinous Show up to Detroit thinkin +Everybody Love+ you And I'ma come and show you that ya ass ain't +Raymond+ Dumbin every line – me fuckin bitches like the cops after a murder, they cummin/comin every time Shell-toes and Wissam jacket, the contractor Still pushin elbows like a linebacker And y'all playin My worldwide bitches on my worldwide watch, I call it the broadband [Outro: Crooked I] SLAUGHTERHOUSE! Y'all know what it is man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Iffy, Iyana Dean Album: Slaughterhouse EP Song: Move On (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Joe Budden] Frequency! [Joell Ortiz] YAOWA! What's up my nigga? You say your name is John? Joell Ortiz Yeah yeah I know, I'm familiar with the interview shit I know what you gon' ask I got you, don't even stress it No I don't respond with answers that fit a script So the repetition'll make a nigga flip We in the game of smoke and mirrors, those engineerin a bigger spliff blowin circles out they mouth, gettin praised but the shit'll shift I never lived a myth, if I said it I did it Never alleged, word to dead I gripped a fifth (boom!) I made my housing tenement a strip, movin medicine and nicks When I seen 'em comin I jetted from them pricks (ohh!) And still to this day though she clean I wish my mommy never sniffed But the hurt is makin me better with this gift (look) I'm live with this ink you could, die in a blink and Y'all got the nerve to ask me why do I drink and Motherfucker sometimes I cry when I think and Y'all ain't there when them tears bein dried by the sink (damn) It was cold in the winter, my community centers who gave me dinner I ain't mind, my table chairs gave me splinters (haha!) Set up to be loser but was made to be a winner (look) If they paint hip-hop I bet my face be in the picture If they wrote a rap bible bet my name be in the scriptures If shorty say I'm her idol bet her face be in my zipper (woo!) I came a long way from the staples in my scrilla Stains on my pants, hardly had a gut The ladies ain't wanna dance so house parties would suck All my friends on the wall, I'm in the hall with a couple Nah I ain't complainin, just tellin y'all what it is So if y'all goin through it now just know that another kid made somethin outta nothin, well I'm frontin, I was never nothin Older ladies used to tell my mother "Ain't he somethin?" (oww) I look at a lot of you cats and laugh Cause I'm the shit man, and y'all ain't even passin gas When I spit I'm the definition of mastered craft And all y'all ask about is Aftermath – motherfucker move on! [Chorus: Iyana Dean + Iffy] I'm tryin to be, more than what it is you see For every take, do it just like eternally But I won't let it hold me down, I turn it all around I'm movin on, oh-ah, oh-ahhhh, yes I'm movin on [Joe Budden] I gotta give my own interview Since niggaz that do my interviews focus on whatever's miniscule (like!) Or paint me as a cynical, but the canvas'll limit you (dawg) You can't go beyond what there's no limit to If I think hip-hop is dead I think it's being revived And that comes from me being inside Where the demons get by, see 'em good-bye, if I'm vehement here's why Come from hearin it seein ve-nom-ous lies (oh!) So the beast in me cries, cause when it's all you hear Shit can overbear, just when the obey near And so I try to think straight cause when you stare in the rear Rest in peace Stewart Shakir, nigga yeah! I'm on another label, not that other label That mean it's no longer my problem, it's theirs Some say it's a conspirac' I say if e'rybody's on the throne, that's just more motive to kill the heir Ask me 'bout "Pump it Up" and I'ma think you SHEEP Or you must not know I'm DEEP! I'm so off of music so y'all could SoundScan every week Me? I just got my lil' man every week Jersey City loves me despite y'all beliefs (why?) Cause they was baby steppin, I showed 'em how to leap (ohh!) Ask me about swag - I'ma change the topic to lyrics  and then brag, plus look at you like a fag I love e'rybody, don't ask 'bout who I beefed with They burned the bridge but they was standin underneath it I'm on my grind, Benjamin huntin Was old since I was young, call me Benjamin Button And stop usin slang just for you to be cool Cause I go BACK to when it was cool to be you I'm a hero (nah) No I mean I'm Hiro from "Heroes," y'all chase zeroes Muh'fucker I just got finished hatin ME feelin like a zero They played DeNiro, never been there though So before your next thought, understand Know it's MUCH more to me than the man Either that or move on [Royce Da 5'9"] My rhyme's reflection of Scarface and Preme's soul Before Jordan was wearin fo'-five, I just look like this, I just seem old But I had to bleed the blood of a Dirty motherfucker to suffer clean clothes and touch what a king holds The real estate market is harsh, everything goes from foes to who you was doin everything fo' But I cut 'em off and move on to the new checks New friends chasin my new ends with new threats Watchin my dreams fold, like a stack of bills in the pocket of who ain't tryin to push up daffodils But we the supergroup You couldn't handle this shit if you was standin before us carryin a pooper-scoop You dealt with shady shit? I dealt with Shady shit But I'm the only one can truly say I dealt with Shady's shit (that's me!) I mean that with all respect to Paul and Sheck But Ryan and Marshall is all you get (that's it) My flow's superb, I love Paulie Rosenberg What I say in a track, those just words (woo!) Baby boy forgive me, I'm just street Cause I can change into anything niggaz want me to be like Mystique I don't gotta dig deep To realize Slim bought Big Proof a big jeep Because he deserved it; how can I mourn the same way Shady did over him when he knew him when he attended Osbourne? (yes!) Marshall I'm sorry (sorry) I knew it went left (left) I ain't into fuckin my family like incest If you remember Ice used to be my life's interest Tell Hailie my wife just had a princess Since I made up with Em it's nothin else  that I can move on from, so who wants some? Like a jar of Grey Poupon You gotta ask anybody in any car, one of them move on [Crooked I] When fans picture my interviews They think I'm in a swimmin pool with women who been abused So they turn into strippers makin they livin in the nude One in the middle blowin my inner tube, while the interviewer's gettin ridiculed Is this your vision? Cool; let me give you a little jewel Any dude who wanna sit in my tennis shoes is missin SCREWS Don't get it misconstrued, don't get this shit confused I'm two seconds from prison food, I'm a different dude! Pistol in my reach man, still in Long Beach man Hopin if my grind don't help me get out, my speech can I been in the streets longer than Yao Ming's wingspan You can be MTV, I'll be C-SPAN I deal with politics, bandannas and hollow tips Half you rappers follow this, role models can swallow DICK! Was stressed out over cash flow Hip-Hop used to console my soul, now it's a bunch of assholes Rap about a dance while I'm targetin cops Spit some shit for Oscar Grant, hit the sergeant with shots Make him a +Ghost+ like he part of The Lox I won't stop recordin, 'til I'm makin songs harder than 'Pac's If it don't happen, at least a nigga know he right there (I'm right there!) Every memory under my Dodger hat's a nightmare! As a kid I had to steal breakfast And now the best question you have to ask me, "Is this a real necklace? Where's your beat from Dre? Your feature from Cube?" These things leave people confused Cause they know I leave speakers abused, I eat the EQs I eat through the beat, what's the secret? I think it's the SHOES! Back in Cali niggaz blaze and stress Waitin on "Detox" to save the West, ha ha Even if the shit is dope it ain't givin you niggaz hope unless your signature's wrote on a check from Interscope NOPE! Move on [Crooked I - over Chorus] Move on West, Coast, knahmean? West Coast move on And all that shit in the past about me bein on Death Row? Move on SLAUGHTERHOUSE!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: The Slaughter (Intro) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Who the fuck wanna get it on? {*pig squealing*} Get shitted on, ten minutes long {*loud chainsaw*} Oh fuck! {*various violent butchering*} Get shitted on, ten minutes long A few minutes featured, then they gone {*gradually fades to a live performance*} Fuck rap, I'm not dealin with it I carve kindness on a bullet, and kill you with it Your mom's a slut {*mic gets cut off, weapons sound*} {*people screaming as a chainsaw revs up*} {*gunshot*} What is an emcee? An emcee, is a soldier Who never backs down from any challenge From any cipher Well this is the title that was given to us Slaughterhouse - no fake emcees allowed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Eminem, Skylar Grey Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: Our House Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Eminem] + (Royce) I wanna be the best who ever did it Don't know if that goal is feasible, or it isn't But if it is then God if you're listenin Please give me the strength to crush all competition You can't blame me for dreamin, I'm a dreamer And if I'm comin off brash please forgive me But, that's all I want (I just wanna be the illest MC) That's all I want (the same time bein as real as can be) [Royce Da 5'9"] Mayhem, sickness, murder, horror These are the kind of words that describe my aura G. Rap, Ras Kass, Kurupt, Redman I am cut from that cloth, write a rhyme about me, you a dead man Cool J, "I'm Bad" video Learned the whole routine and performed it for my father's friends while they smoked and drink, symphony, D.O.C. Inspired me to write what, would eventually put me on +Airplanes+ like B.o.B Canibus, Wu-Tang, you know our history but hats off When we rap as Jack Frost we outline the track chalk Thank GOD for the one-two cadence Thank GOD for the lunchroom tables I'm tryin to be the sickest nigga dead or alive And if I happen to fall short it's been one hell of a ride "Chronic" 1 and 2 Lookin up at the sky at the sun, up until the day the sun is you You're listenin to hip-hop You in Jay house, Wayne house, Nas house, Em house (our house) [Chorus: Skylar Grey] So welcome, to our house Where no one, comes back out You might find, comfort In here, in here, in here [Joell Ortiz] When I was a lil' boy I wanted to be a rapper Wanted to be on the radio and snappin pictures after And so I grabbed my pen and pad and scribbled chitter-chatter It started off wack, but in the words of a 10-year old my shit was gettin phatter I hit the studio at 16, stupid ill Not knowin how the booth would feel, what's a DATs and 2-inch reels? How you ad lib? What's a punch? I ain't a boxer But I sure enough learned the ropes, look D and Mike, y'all made a monster Now every day's a game of +Contra+, I got 99 men An infinite amount of rounds inside this mighty fine pen This is my dream, don't fuck with it, I'm tellin you Cause anyone can get dusted long as production is available I'm disgusted as a fan, look how niggaz soundin, DAMN! Weak head, y'all suck bad, fuck swag and your kicks from South Japan I'm finna be the best in this profession I've been invested all my life so wipe your feet before you step in (our house) [Eminem] + (Joe Budden) I wanna be the best who ever did it Don't know if that goal is feasible, or it isn't But if it is then God if you're listenin Please give me the strength to crush all competition You can't blame me for dreamin, I'm a dreamer And if I'm comin off brash please forgive me But, that's all I want (I just wan' be the illest MC) That's all I want (same time bein as real as can be) [Crooked I] Yo, in my house the lights out, no utilities in this facility Feelin my life's 'bout, to wipe out, these feelings I'm feelin be killin me I pull a mic out, can't strike out, cause if winnin is really my enemy I'll pull a 9 out, blow my mind out, is the end of me really serenity? Man in my house, it's rap or die, get a piece of that apple pie Life is a Pharcyde song, and that bitch just +Passes By+ So I, got lyrically complex, that way I could fly jets Get my moms out the projects, with these concepts, competition can't digest And then I stress cause the road is ROUGH, I start feelin like shit's sour The electricity in my willpower, can still power, the Twin Towers for ten hours, so send cowards the message from Crooked I, Royce Da 5, Joe Budden, Em, Yaowa [Eminem] In our, house we spittin like six hours, the way I feel now I can spit for six hours straight, only way to be great, is to dig down, if you can hear this sound in- -side my head sounds like a fuckin drive-by, that's what the inside of my mind's like Lookin back on, my career even, hindsight's, tunnel vision, 5 Mics Never wanted that so bad, feel like I could go mad, nomad with a notepad Go Taz, spaz on these hoe bags that bother me but I never wanna show that Just don't act like it ever does, even though you know that there will never come a day someone blows past you who never was, someone who's as dope as you ever was And you hope that's, true cause the competitor in you couldn't let somebody be better than you And you know that, so you don't ever hold back, what you gonna go back, to workin a regular job? Fuck that, I'ma go hard grab on my, gonads - tell 'em fuck theyself They call me a wigger/'weger like Renee Zell' but I, raised hell like a stay-at-home dad! Rap is the only thing that I was ever really, bad to the bone at Guess I'm similar to, Gang Green when I'm, angry then I'm, Hulk Smash So much passion but no compassion, if eyes are the window to the soul then it's, broken glass and there's no trespassin, aight now here we go Dre stamped me now I'm stampin Yelawolf, be ready for the most competitive clique in the world, it's like Clash of the Titans, I release the cracker, it's time to set it again And when it's said and it's all done none shall ever fuck with the squadron So come on in at your own risk; this is (our house) bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Busta Rhymes Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: Coffin Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Busta Rhymes] Slaughterhouse, Busta Bust Somebody better hurry up and find the nearest fuckin exit Joe Budden, c'mon! [Joe Budden] Yo, 'bout to barge our way through, they wouldn't open the door First time high, they couldn't know it was raw Would die if you smoked it, too potent to snort If you think by the bar you'd probably choke on a thought (WHAT UP! WHAT UP! WHAT UP!) Speed-dial a coroner Done with subliminals, now I'm talkin to all of ya Tryin my patience, wearin it thin I put my prints on your heart without piercin the skin, again (WHAT UP! WHAT UP! WHAT UP!) I only need knuckles Tell him to travel safe then make his knees buckle 'Fore they love you they gotta hate you They say that real recognize real, dawg we can spot fake too [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] Y'all know what it is, cause we do it often Caught another body, buy another coffin (WHAT UP! WHAT UP! WHAT UP!) Buy another coffin! (WHAT UP! WHAT UP! WHAT UP!) Buy another coffin! We burn shit down, blowtorch scorchin Slaughterhouse bitch! Buy another coffin (WHAT UP! WHAT UP! WHAT UP!) Buy another coffin! (WHAT UP! WHAT UP! WHAT UP!) Buy another coffin! [Joell Ortiz] Knick-knack paddy-wack, Yaowa want a bone Click-clack, acrobat a coward with the chrome Purchase another casket, I'm murderin ya bastards My Desert Eagle's a bird, dirty lil' ratchet Loser ponder ya when a hollow wan' touch ya Screamin "WOO HAH!!" when I +Busta Bust+ ya I dress my baby up, she got a custom muffler She be like "pyoo-pyoo," you be like "uh-uh-uh-uh" Then you lean with it, then you drop with it Next time I tell you shoot, put a sock in it (What up! What up! What up!) Act calm chief We Sas-squash beef, Big-foot up your butt, shut up [Crooked I] The most beautifulest thing in this world are the funerals I bring to this world (What up, what up, what up) Gimme the beat I'ma body it John Gotti it, Crooked probably body the audience (What up, what up, what up) Then I'm tryin to find a whore Dick in that vagina like I'm minin for diamonds or I'm tryin to find China or some kind of dinosaur Tryin to score like Kentucky in the Final Four Yeah, you niggaz still wussy My gun is my other dick cause it kill pussies I'm hood, you good? I'm just checkin homie Still +Hammer Dancin+, two-steppin with my weapon on Weapon on, weapon on, weapon on, weapon on me [Royce Da 5'9"] I said if I ain't fuckin wit'chu you can suck a short-for-Richard until you hiccup, hiccup, need I say - more? Listenin to a free beat by Dre in some free Beats by Dre - or Tell my attorney to cook it and eat it; I'm playin catch  with the body of Bernie from "Weekend at Bernie's" with Crooked this evenin I'm up in y'all spot with Jersey Joe Walcott and Brooklyn Ortiz Just please give us a reason (WHAT UP! WHAT UP! WHAT UP!) Fuck all the singin I'm about to be a rich nigga and waste the whole last bar screamin You ready? {*screams*} Hook [Outro: Royce] Yeah, what's up world? Y'all hear us now? Ha ha We here, you ready? {*screams*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Eminem Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: Throw That Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] Right about now, you're about to be possessed by the sounds, of Slaughterhouse (yeah!) [Chorus: Eminem] Cause she strips, to get tips Those lips and those child-bearing hips I'll throw this, I'll throw this dick on you girl, girl I'll throw this, I'll throw this dick on you girl, girl Gonna make you feel me if I gotta shake this building 'til I make you spill drinks Girl this whole building is probably filled with lil' ding-a-lings But not me now, I'll throw this dick on you girl, girl (throw dat dick) I'll throw this, I'll throw this dick on you girl, girl (throw dat dick) [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Eminem) They call me Nickel Nina A/K/A (ROYCE!) B/K/A (throw dat dick) A playa gotta keep a condom on cause we play safe Ay, then I'm takin the condom off cause I, skeet they face Then I turn off Jodeci cause they say, "Baby won't you just stay but you can't stay" (AY) It ain't trickin if you gettin it, if you ain't got that you ain't ballin, you mad They call me Botox up in Hermes cause I help them get rid of all those bags All those bags? I'll throw this brick on you girl Then I drink up, what's your number? I'ma throw this dick on you girl [Interlude: Royce] (Girl clap that!) And she's got it Ohhh, she got all the homies in here excited (now clap that!) Ohhh, I don't really know how to describe it (make it clap now!) [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah yeah, the strippers love me and I love them too My bitch be like "What am I gon' do wit'chu?" All I know is I got a thing for her! [Crooked I] + (Eminem) I'm Crooked I, a/k/a Fuck Yo' Girl (throw dat dick) Up up in the sky, when it come down say "FUCK THE WORRRRRLD!" These strippers are sprung My middle initial is awful Richard and my nickname's right on the tip of her tongue The side of her mouth is drippin with (EGG!) Uhh, I'm drunk right now, stumped right now Tryin to figure out how to get four chicks to sit on one chair Oh yeah turn the chair upside-down Upside-down? I'll throw this grip on you girl Talkin that handcuff, you ain't never comin home, man finna trip on you girl [Interlude] [Crooked I] Baby you got some incredible skills I want brains, you want shoes True love's always head over heels [Eminem] I said YO YO! You got me on a string, I'm hangin like a YO-YO You string me along and leave me hangin and that's a NO NO in my world, cause I'll throw this dick on you girl [Joe Budden] + (Eminem) Look (throw dat dick) They call me Joe Butt-in, I be around when them hoes strut in (throw dat dick) This relationship is 50/50, if you meet me halfway I get the whole nut in Cause I'm in, town, just one day; now spin, 'round, get your face out the way And just when she want an encore I'm gone, ma sorry that I couldn't stay (AY) [Joell Ortiz] And they call me, O-E-double-L Ortiz A/K/A Yaowa A/K/A, nah nothin, I just got an AK in my jeans, can I spray your flower? Spray your flower? I ain't really tryin to sit wit'chu girl When you finish that split let's split Where's your wrist? Let me throw this GRIP on you girl (girl) [Interlude] [Joell Ortiz] + (Joe Budden) Before this night is a blur, here's my offer (That shit you did, do that with her) And both of you girls (reportin like) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: Hammer Dance Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {"You are now listening to araabMUZIK"} [Crooked I] SLAUGHTERHOUSE! [Joell Ortiz] Joell Ortiz - my real name my rap shit No made-up nigga; I'm straight up nigga Still in the projects where I came up nigga On a scaffold doin ten sets of ten gettin my weight up nigga~! I'm no shooter but my shooters'll have your brain exposed But I'll shoot five in a SECOND homie and break your nose Talk had passed, I'm dead ass I was livin life fast with my pistol in the grass Diggin in my ass tryin to finish up the last so I can sit it in the stash, Olde E sweat drippin from the bags Milk crates sittin on the ave while I'm lookin left to right for them niggaz with the badge My moms dishes really had crack on 'em 12 twelves and I kept them shits packed for 'em Yeah they came back for 'em I could paint it so vivid cause I really lived it If rap fail I'll stack bail and show you how to get it! [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] I'm in the club, bottle in hand doin my two-step While I got my gun in my pants, call it the - Hammer Dance Uhh, bitches dancin on a nigga When they feel the gun, I tell 'em we doin the - Hammer Dance Uhh; two-steppin with my weapon on me You good? I'm just checkin homie Uhh; fam-a-lam, you don't stand a chance While I got this gun in my pants doin my +Hammer+ dance [Crooked I] In these L.A. times I wake up on one House slippers and coffee, I know the paper gon' come I drop shit to make the gangstas go dumb Keep a bad bitch naked like my waist with no gun Uhh (I'm f'real, how are you?) Got street power, from the watchtowers to Howard U. How would you become me? I don't do what you cowards do Flip a thousand pounds of that sour dies' in an hour dude I'm out my muh'fuckin mind Fuck a punchline, salute my muh'fuckin grind Ditchin Feds on the regular, they tryin +To Catch a Predator+ Not the Chris Hanson type but the Danny Glover kind I'm a killer, everybody know I'll body yo' audio When the shottie blow say goodbye to yo' barrio, you maricón! You don't think that I'm about this? Ice grill nigga, put your money where your MOUTH is! [Joe Budden] (Uhh) Joey - my real name my rap shit Fuck with Chase but the real bank is the mattress Money ain't new to me, been gettin G stacks Since Smoove B took his shorty back from rehab Knife work with me but the chrome is extra Case I'm in the same taxi as +The Bone Collector+ Uhh, y'all rappin 'bout models, I get hounded by 'em Not a killer at all, I'm just surrounded by 'em Just a real nigga, straight from my mother's stomach Ain't enough cloth for all of us to be cut from it Not decided by who toast lead Cause all of us will be +Angels+ for Pujols bread Lot of hostility, hollerin is killin me Screamin over my dead body like it's not a possibility On my Jers' bullshit, never mind me But if it's ever problems niggaz know where to find me {"You are now listening to araabMUZIK"} [Crooked I] SLAUGHTERHOUSE! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Selena Jordan Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: Get Up Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  (SLAUGHTERHOUSE!) "Presents, the way it began." [Intro] "Let's see now.  First thing I can remember is an evening years back.  The four of us was together even then.  And from that time on, nothing was ever gonna be quite the same again.  Yeah, especially us." [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Selena Jordan) G-G-God given, I'm killin this bomb bid'ness I'm callin rap that because I put my time in it I-I don't mind bein, ready to die as long as it's at an arena  and we did it and my momma seen it This is my arm swingin, and my alarm ringin Fightin against time but writin is on singin In light of my wallet just look how the mighty have fallen You fell forward, say bye to them, say hi to Ryan maturin I can't (lose) cause God won't let me (lose) Bet against me and you gon' (lose) anybody'll tell you (nah) Nah, I knew the cats knew I was down so I fell back Hit the ground landed on my feet vertical, fell back through So you can (lose) I will never lay down and (lose) I-I-I was definitely about to (lose) then Eminem came like (nah) Nah, this shit is entertainin Listen to the shit they sayin, venom is sprayin Which is why, all I know is I'm at an all-time ultimate high inspired by an all-time low [Chorus 2X: sample from "Ali In the Jungle" by The Hours] "Oh-ohhh-oh, oh-ohhh-oh, oh-ohhh-oh" "How quick are you gonna get up? How quick are you gonna get up?" [Crooked I] + (Selena Jordan) In these days life is short, shots'll try to end you And this game is like a sport, comp'll try to pin you I leave the stage on life support when I rock a venue If you ain't got a knife and fork you probably on the menu If I ain't make history before I left It'll be like usin my last important breath before my death for snortin meth! More or less I'm, Jordan-esque, I ignore the refs I sell ya like you morphed into an orphan, yes! (Lose) Nah, I never (lose) Yeah, you said I would (lose) my destiny said (nah) Homie you went against me, foolish as Judas, nigga you're lost Now I'm feelin like Black Jesus, wrong nigga to cross Won't (lose) if I refuse to (lose) The fact that I used to (lose) is makin me say (nah) This is how we attackin it, four rappers who passionate took the idea of a group and re-imagined it  without plannin it, now the whole planet has to admit that's the shit! [Joell Ortiz] + (Selena Jordan) Uhh, e'rybody y'all invited to a crazy party Have some fun blockin the sun with the Shady army These women is feelin like skin baby they be on me My flow water for sure, I'm a great tsunami I'm with my awesome clique, on another tourin trip From front of the stage all the way back to the door it's thick Like secretly filmin a mob we recordin hits What a fuckin lifestyle, maybe that's why I'm on my dick (Lose) Man I ain't about to (lose) I don't know how to (lose) you beatin the Yaowa? (nah) Mr. Ortiz, I got you, can't find a reason not to My ink take 'em to church, guess you could call it Pentecostal Man Eminem told me +(Lose) Yourself+ so how can I (lose) focus? You roaches (lose) in combat, so war? (nah) But if y'all need me to make it clear, for those slightly impaired Like a flat in a snowstorm with no gas we ain't goin nowhere We the 60-minute group cause this year finna be hour/our year! [Joe Budden] + (Selena Jordan) A mixture of showman and skill, imposin my will, a visionary Want me with my back to the ground, I ain't with the missionary Walk in my shoes and reap all that I gained Along with every invisible wall that accompanies fame Louis Vuitton frames cover the scars that go with stardom Got enemies that I birthed, these bars are for postpartum So I tuck me the steel plate They threatenin me from behind a condom but you can't scream fuck me and feel safe You'll just (lose) some people are prayin I (lose) I thought I was set up to (lose) then Slaughterhouse came like (nah) Nah, so I live by a real simple philosophy If you stay grounded watch God keep givin you reasons not to be Can't (lose) it's not in my plan to (lose) If I so happen to (lose) is that even possible? (nah) Keep that outta my reach, still I'm prayin the sheep get manifested Let the flow stage dive and hope that the fans'll catch it If you ever persevered you should understand the message [Outro] "The rest, what they say, is history." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Cee-Lo Green Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: My Life Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Cee-Lo Green] This is my motherfucking life, my life! Oh yeah This is my motherfucking life, my life! Oh yeah This is my motherfucking life [Crooked I] Ay; S-L-A-,U-G-H-,T-E-R-H-O-U-S-E Yes we are the best in the biz The West in this bitch, this Eastside L.B. Money over coochie mayne 645 when I dip through the 'burbs I be on my Gucci Mane Smash in the gas, kick a bitch to the curb House on the hills, thousands and mil's Gettin wild in the field with your spouse in Brazil On ounces and pills, how does it feel to count dollar bills that I pound off, skills Check it out - jets, fly, pri-vate Nigga S-5, hy-brid, baby test, drive, my, whip I'm in Bed-Stuy, with my, chick On my West, side, fly, shit Pullin out minks when the weather get +Chilly+ +Left-Eye+, side-kick Huh, now don't you niggaz go chasin "Waterfalls" These bitches wall to wall And they love them Slaughter balls [Chorus: Cee-Lo Green] + (Crooked I) This is my motherfucking life, my life! Oh yeah This is my motherfucking life, my life! Oh yeah (Jets, fly, pri-vate, nigga S-5, hy-brid, baby test, drive, my) This is my motherfucking life, my life! Oh yeah (Jets, fly, pri-vate, nigga S-5, hy-brid, baby test, drive, my, whip) This is my motherfucking life, my life! Oh yeah This is my motherfucking life [Joell Ortiz] Uhh, sometimes I look around and I just I just can't believe it (why?) I'm on a high like a falsetto Maybe that's why I feel like I'm dreamin My eyes is clear, look what I'm seein My life just shifted, I feel like I'm breathin Light that spliff, nah I don't even smoke  cause it burn my throat but tonight I'm steamin 'Trón in my cup, holdin mine up Toastin with a slut that I know I'm gon' fuck In these five-star sheets put her right to sleep  then kick the bitch out when I wake up Even though baby girl got a large ol' ass I remember prayin that my car goes last And my car's so fast  I don't think you understand in a Marciélago dash At first when you rap in the dirt and you work 'til it hurt  and you end up on Marshall's staff Hopin that your granny get to see you at the Grammy's Get a call from your family that your grandma passed And you know what you promised her  so you stay hot as a, thermometer dipped in lava So proud to be part of a, conglomerate - like this! [Cee-Lo Green] + (Crooked I) Oh-oh-oh-oh; every time that they crave us Put your hands up high if, you're happy you made iiiiit Oh-oh-oh-oh; you're still asleep when I say it But since I'm alive I'm, just gon' celebraaaaaaaate Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Oh-oh-oh-oh; yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh (Jets, fly, pri-vate, nigga S-5, hy-brid, baby test, drive, my) This is my motherfucking life [Joe Budden] Uhh, what a success story The film plays it gets less gory My son didn't know who his pop was for years, now it's less Maury God, put it there as a test for me Used to, walk around with a vest at 40 Cops tryna mess hall me Now babe with the 34 F's adore me I took the rock and a hard place and made the best orgy Now the fans approach, I get paranoid Where I'm from they told me never let your guard rest But it's simple to disregard stress Hoes run to the bone and they far, fetched [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh - now the jets, fly, high shit That Panamera Porsche that's Ry-an's, fly, whip As a kid I was po', playin tag now I'm, it (it) For those of y'all that don't remember me I'm a Detroit, Oak Park-er Went from no office to offers  and told y'all I'ma get my daddy out the post office And so far I don't really need to own my city  just as long as the D is on my fitted And my sons and my daughter and the wife is along for the ride  cause it's the motherfuckin life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: We Did It (Skit) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  "Yeah" "We did it" {*9X*} Yeah Hate to sound like a broken record but, we did it What else we gon' do, huh? What else we gon' do but hustle? Grind, go hard man We in a position where we gotta succeed, by any means necessary Failure is not an option (real niggaz don't die) Cause if we do fail, it's back to the drawing board The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: Flip a Bird Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] "In the kitchen" (put in work) ("On a scale") "Flip a bird, flip a bird, flip a bird" {*7X*} "In the kitchen" [Royce Da 5'9"] Said I'm here for money makin, I done lost 'bout all my patience And beat almost all my cases, thought I covered up all my bases Bitches try to play you 'til somehow someway you figure it out You fuck with Jay-Z bitch from back in the day you might end up with +Reasonable Doubt+ You fuck with grimy bitches standin over you takin pictures while you sleepin Cause you passed out drunk, after havin a threesome That'll give you a reason, to trust no bitch, quit rappin and just go get it crackin {"in the kitchen"} 'Bout to push that white instead of that music, seems like simpler profit cause niggaz gossipin like they WorldStar, empty yo' bicep  until I find you and empty yo' pockets If 5'9" stop rhymin I'm drivin on I-9-5  or I am {"in the kitchen"} I will cop a ki' and put it [Joe Budden] Uhh... can't tell y'all if I did drugs or if they did me, nah we was just doin each other We was side-by-side like e'ry day, didn't care if we ruined each other Back then it was so real, fully automatic it was overkill I was on weed, I was on dust, might've tried coke when I was on pills My pockets had rabbit ears, my mind gone, wasn't on bills Whole family disappointed in me, can't imagine how that made my mom feel Her one's missin, gun's hidden, sorry momma your son's trippin Got baggies scattered {"in the kitchen"} Plus, plus, you and dad was on the same road, y'all just left, made it right If I ain't learned to do the same, pour some liquor say goodnight Now I'm on this music shit, tryin to get this paper right If not I'd be back {"in the kitchen"} [Crooked I] Let me get it now On Twitter, they murder my mentions cause they heard I was served by a circle of henchmen layin in a dirty ditch, that bullshit is further than fiction They personal mission's worse than snitchin, to any person that listen Now I wanna kill a hater, a middle finger by the 'frigerator, flip a bird in the kitchen Cause DJ Vlad, he was glad bullets went into me Just to get traffic for his site, should've did him like MMG But instead I called up Sway and we cleared that up on MTV And now I'm back {"in the kitchen"} but should I be? Cause I heard that Slaughterhouse is about to cop that Shady deal I'm out here chasin that paper still; push kush, coke and crazy pills Me bein shot online didn't stop my grind, nigga I don't mind And if I don't rhyme I'm {"in the kitchen"} I'll go cop a ki' and put it [Joell Ortiz] Uhh (yaowa) just when a nigga thought it couldn't get worse The hurts reversed, scoop my cuz up after grandma left Earth That recent shit, I was a young and bummy piece of shit cursed No decent kicks cause mom kept enough of that snow to ski in her purse No father, Jux passed me my first gun, revolver, with the serial carved up Real showed me my first jump, I'm a barber shavin the crack, after weighin the crack and then placin the crack  in twelve 12's, I ain't play with the crack, I was makin up stacks All day I just sat {"in the kitchen"} bringin it back Now I'm tryin to do my thing with this rap, hope this works Tryin to flip words so my homies ain't gotta flip bizzirds on the cizzurb and black on a yellow belly coward on the +Steel+ like Pittsburgh Lord I thank you for makin me able to find my way through If not I'll be back on my momma's table {"in the kitchen"} I will cop a ki' and put it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Swizz Beatz Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: Throw it Away Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Swizz Beatz] We about to set it off right now {*3X*} {"Mr. Porter"} We about to set it off right nowwwww! [Chorus One: Swizz Beatz] You know I ain't Bill Gates honey But I'ma act like I ain't never had money And throw it away, and throw it away And throw it away, and throw it away You see me throw it away, and throw it away I like to throw it away, let's throw it away You know I ain't Jay-Z honey But I'ma act like I ain't never had money and [Royce Da 5'9"] Live from the area, area, wasted Try us we'll bury ya, bury ya, wasted Standin on couches, everybody know me Rock star, only thing that's left to do is O.D. Realest nigga out here, out here In the club doin what got my name out here, out here You can call it tippin, you can call it trickin You can call it dissin, that is if you wanna We stuck the rounds up and go ("na-na-na-na-na-na-na") Throw them bitches on cue like ("na-na-na-na-na-na-na") Throw 'em in the sky when you hear us go ("na-na-na-na-na-na-na") Uhh, let it fly, go ("na-na-na-na-na-na-na") Uhh, you only live one time, one time Your favorite rapper up in here with one-time, one-time You know what? [Chorus Two: Swizz Beatz] You know I ain't Jay-Z honey But I'ma act like I ain't never had money And throw it away, and throw it away And throw it away, I like to throw it away And throw it away, you see me throw it away Pull a stack out, get it up and throw it away You know I ain't Bill Gates honey But I'ma act like I ain't never had money and [Joell Ortiz] All my money got wings on it Fact, booties got my ding-a-ling on it Clap, clap, clap, make that butt applaud You got all that back, what you frontin for? Bitches bitches, this is y'all song I got riches, itchin to sit in y'all thong We the business, this is Slaughterhouse baby~! This is what it's all about, crazy Money, blowin in the breeze like ("na-na-na-na-na-na-na") Like a picture pose I got cheese like ("na-na-na-na-na-na-na") Come, come, get this money from me ("na-na-na-na-na-na-na") I don't want it honey I don't make it rain, I make it snow bunny ("na-na-na-na-na-na-na") Climb the pole to the top of that bitch I ain't got it like that but I got it like, this [Chorus One] [Crooked I] Yeah bitch damn right I'm pipin a lesbian stripper in a Dodge Sprinter, Dick Van Dyke Whores gon' love it when I go Warren Buffett throwin euros on the floor ballin on a foreign budget Slaughter's in the House, look at that clique, that clique Deeper than the breaths of a fat chick, fat chick Party in V.I.P. with the Earth's realest on blue poison shrooms, now the club is Smurf village Throw the money in the air like ("na-na-na-na-na-na-na") I'm yellin out falsetto like ("na-na-na-na-na-na-na") I know you killers hold the metal tight ("na-na-na-na-na-na-na") Who give a fuck, we all ghetto right? ("na-na-na-na-na-na-na") Uhh, I had a lapdance, moment of clarity This a tax write-off, this my favorite charity; uhh [Chorus One] [Joe Budden] Tell her she can crash here, hit and run, hit and run Hop off that pole, get on a different one, different one I told her do that thing I like and she ain't do it That was my bad thinkin that she ain't stupid! Cute face with a pretty butt, pretty butt Shake got a nigga sayin giddy-up, giddy-up Throwin Diddy bucks, put it down as a pick-me-up Money too long for me to go try and titty fuck Call murder like ("na-na-na-na-na-na-na") Even got the valet workers like ("na-na-na-na-na-na-na") You scratch that and it's one thing ("na-na-na-na-na-na-na") Cause I'll fuck around and you gon' hear the gun sing ("na-na-na-na-na-na-na") Uh, Red Bottoms hoppin out the coupe We got it tied up, even when we outta the loop I tell her [Chorus Three: Swizz Beatz] You know I ain't Bill Gates honey But I'ma act like I ain't never had money And throw it away, and throw it away And throw it away, I like to throw it away And throw it away, you see me throw it away Pull a stack out, get it up and throw it away [Outro: Swizz Beatz] We about to set it off right now Hands in the air! Ohh! Ohh! Ohh! Ladies and gentlemen! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Skylar Grey Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: Rescue Me Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro/Chorus: Skylar Grey] So can you rescue me? Because my ship is sinking And I'm drowning at sea So can you rescue me from me? Can you rescue me? [Royce Da 5'9"] I was losin my mind like I was tryin to lose it Usin my time for usin, abusin my grind This is my own honest view of who I am behind this, music Ryan the whole bottle of Patrón connoisseur At a point in time I thought I blew it Doin crime and I would've washed a pill down with a shot of my own spinal fluid And my momma knew it, she saw especially right through it that I wasn't protected cause peer pressure just be like (do it) But I couldn't fight throught it, the beef started The streets caught up, at least we ain't get involved in deceased orders It's Slaughterhouse; cause Shady, me, Porter sat it down and made peace over porterhouse and Piesporter [Joell Ortiz] Some stupid bitch done turned my girl against me Should've tattooed the Earth on my arm, feel like the world against me Soon as I pa-rade here come the rain fallin, the name callin from the cuz I never met with his hand out like I'm straight ballin Feel like I knocked the 8-ball in Every time I shoot a move I literally can't call it Am I afraid of success? Let me think on it, I just got nervous Let me drink on it, think I just answered yes but not on purpose I pass the church and do the Father, Son and Holy Spirit But I'm only near it, man I need to pass the service I'm drownin cause I'm so tired of treadin So Lord when you get a second, please [Crooked I] I wake up and my shirt is leakin Covered in sweat, I'm dreamin of bein murdered when I'm sleepin Picture a person beefin, with himself and it's even, worse when I'm drinkin It hurts when I'm thinkin, me versus my personal demons I'm reachin for my nine If I point it at myself will it help to quiet the demons screamin in my mind? And if I go, to the other side Just tell my mother it was her prayers that kept her young and thuggin son alive Plus my daughters, them my butterflies Tell my son that I, love him; tell my nieces and nephews they uncle tried to take this music to the fuckin peak But I'm still a drug dealer as we fuckin speak, that's fuckin weak! [Joe Budden] Behind the tours and rap fans, hospitals and CAT scans Shoulder when they call him bi-polar, happiest madman Don't know my story, my struggle, the demons that I combat Or how I'm starin at 'em waitin for eye contact, beyond that I got a soulmate that's naïve, so the thought of me is prison to her Baby mama that's crazy and a 10-year old who listens to her My fam and friends think I'm the bank And the way they keep comin back you'd think I got thanked To you it's a dream, to me it's labor, these aren't monsters, these my neighbors And we watch each other's back, I guess it's favor for a favor Sometimes they even save me when my wrist is to that razor Say a prayer The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: Frat House Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Eminem] All the ugly people be quiet! {*2X*} [Royce] Wave (ay!) {*7X*} [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] I got a house full of bitches, niggaz, it is goin down I'ma hold my own, yeah Bitches layin on the floor like it's a crack house Uh, welcome to the frat house Condoms, kegs, liquor, weed, pills I'ma hold my own, yeah Bitches layin on the floor like it's a crack house Uh, welcome to the frat house [Royce Da 5'9"] Your lady's on my dick, you'll probably be mad if you find out I had her skippin biology class Uhh, yeah, you got comedy cash I'm quarter of the Slaughter, half of the dream team, the anomaly Bad Yeah, we here to riot the scene Quiet your entire college up, tie up your dean Uhh, yeah, my Q-Dog's on that step shit I'm 'bout to send a text to my next ex-bitch Yeah, have you on pills, on 'shrooms Have you feelin like "ooh-lah-lah-lah!" Now it's soundin like Lauryn Hill's in your dorm room Spit at me wrong get hit with my new llama! Yeah, it'll knock him out his shoes Droppin mo' niggaz than who droppin outta school Slaughterhouse gang, streamers, confetti The squeamish, had better, get ready - because [Crooked I] LBC, we them Beach boys We don't need your education, we Pink Floyd I'm gettin destroyed I'm gettin oral from a Maury sexy decoy, she on that E boy She pay her tuition with webcams and PayPal School in L.A., she say she from 8 Mile Her pussy hotter than a +Chili Pepper+, I tell her lay down And "give it away, give it away now" Later on she'll be wearin my letterman jacket Reach in your pocket (Mollies) medicine packet Let 'em attack it cause that's my regular tactic Cause that's what let 'em get active, whoever said I'm romantic is wrong, hope you got a powerful chin Cause they say, blowjobs are flowers for men I'ma need about a dozen, go get your guzzlin cousins and your trouser arousers, we whylin again [Joe Budden] + (Joell Ortiz) Uhh, see I'm a on-stage rock star (backstage porn star) Gave my lap top (then I threw her on the armoire) Make it +Red Storm+ when that St. John in you (Brain in the college in Philly, call that +Temple+) Yeahhhh (I like a really huge ass) Bend over, take her to church, now she in +U-Mass+ Scoop my Spelman broad for all-out sex Show her twelve bedrooms, still it's +Morehouse+, left Yeahhh (titty in my left hand) (Drunk as a freshman on his tenth keg stand) Got a sophomore, all jaw, give me drunk head Roommate joined in climbin down from the bunkbed Yeahhhh (matter fact, noooo!) (Yo, I am so, throoooowed) This pill gave me a new demeanor (Chris Reeves graduated, I'm a +Super+ senior) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Ming Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: Goodbye Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Joe Budden] Uhh, yeah, beautiful, check I remember it like it just happened I could've sworn it was a dream But in reality it hit me like a nightmare Or at least that's how it seemed I just got a grip on our relationship We was ironin things out, started pickin up steam And when we didn't need it's when it all got heated and we both said some things that we probably didn't mean God intervened, guess war was at stake Thought we left nothin over, He put more on the plate She came home from the doctor with news I been wantin Said family was incoming, she pregnant, twins comin Uh, but that's gotta be a lie She sighed, couldn't stop the tears comin from her eyes That birth control she on, for them it's suicide As long as it's still inside, two of them, one survived Hard turn from memorable to cynical Picturin clothes for what would've been identical Similar outfits, similar names My deceased kid's ultrasound in a frame So I'm deprived of my chance to be a better dad Starin at my twins that I never had I shed a tear lookin up in the sky Even though y'all just got here, goodbye! [Chorus: Ming] Goodbye, goodbye, so long, farewell But it's not the end of the chapter Goodbye, goodbye, so long, farewell I'll see you again in the afterlife [Crooked I] Uh, my biological sperm donor Didn't wanna be a daddy so he hopped in his Caddy and turned corners on us Turned on us out the clear blue His last memory of his son is seein me through his rearview I still love him yo, but I love his brother mo' My uncle showed me love no one can know Young and po' with a tougher road  To suffer hunger was nothin but unc' would hold  us down, help moms lift the motherload I got grown and I used to wonder what it would be like to speak to pops as a grown man He provided that feelin, told me to take my career into my own hands He was there when I had no fans My cell phone rings, and after I answer A voice says "Your uncle's been diagnosed with cancer" Worst news in my life Him and chemo goin 12 rounds with a disease and they both losin the fight I'm rushin up to Cedars-Sinai Prayin for a miracle, I don't wanna see my idol die Before he did, the look in his eyes said "Even though you just got here, goodbye" [Interlude: Ming] I'll see you again in the afterlife Someday in heaven we will reunite The flesh disappears but the soul survives 'Til next time my friend, farewell, goodbye [Joell Ortiz] I walked in your daughter house - knowin that you gone but still lookin out the corner out my eye hopin you on the couch That call felt like I was beef that got shot up Ironic I was on tour with Tech N9ne and Slaughterhouse E tried to talk to me, Crystal rubbed my back as they was pourin out I caught the next thing soarin out Now I'm in the air in the Midwest somewhere They said the turbulence was severe, I don't know what they talkin 'bout I ain't feel a bump, body numb, mind driftin I'm snifflin, asthma actin up, I'm whistlin I'm wishin, my mother's face looks so much different I'm kissin my son, my aunt pacin in the kitchen My vision blurry, still I saw your face clear What a loss, this time I did more than waste beer Michelle's strong, she held on, we got all the way there Then we walked in and she fell on the floor, this ain't fair You were the voice when I considered them thoughts that ain't clear Hey granny - I was fifth row at the Grammy's An award they ain't hand me But I sat behind Will and, right in front of Wayne and got seen by the family I miss the early mornin convo's, believe me Regis on the TV, and the best baked ziti But you had an all-white affair, grandpa's all fly Even though you been got there, goodbye The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: Park it Sideways Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Royce] You know we 'bout that club life, thug life Got this bitch bumpin... Pocket full of money (and we rollin) Pocket full of money (and we rollin) P-p-p-pocket full of money You know we 'bout that club life, thug life Got this bitch bumpin like a bug bite, club life Pocket full of money (and we rollin) Pocket full of money (and we rollin) P-p-p-pocket full of money (yeah) [Royce Da 5'9"] Y'all niggaz fake as fuck Lipstick on my collar, I couldn't make this up I live in a real estate like it's housin Life is grand, like a thousand Thoughtless countin, my bitch is a walkin fountain I talk to bosses, you talk to bouncers Every bad bitch you see in here is comin with us So I suggest you.. [Joe Budden] .. you get off of her officer, get rid of them cuffs So many bitches 'round I don't know what to do with 'em Head ain't even fun no more unless it's two of 'em To tell the truth I think beatin it is easy So when I say I'm poppin models y'all got reasons to believe me Keepin it +Breezy+, just me and my Weekend CD Wanna fly in for the weekend and see me Can tell I beatin it beastly cause look at how weakened her knees be But the dome's trash, and she fuck me fast Now she on stand-by, blame the buddy pass (haha) [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] You know we 'bout that club life, thug life Got this bitch bumpin like a bug bite, club life Pocket full of money (and we rollin) P-p-p-pocket full of money (and we rollin) P-pocket full of money Park that motherfucker sideways Park that motherfucker sideways (and we rollin) Park that motherfucker sideways To let these niggaz know you rollin in some motherfuckin SHIT! [Crooked I] Like A.I., I cross over when I'm near a +Mike+ I stay fly, even though I got a fear of heights I aim steady, when I'm gunnin with one of them nines And you ain't ready, for a hustler who huggin his grind My chain heavy, so heavy the medallion broke the main levee Now that muh'fucker is flooded with diamonds Like a broke nigga, I ain't got nothin to lose But I'm rich in the club, the couch is under my shoes [Joell Ortiz] Yeah, and shorty mouth is under my ooh I can't say that; radio don't play that I'm so cool, the sun gotta hate that But it can never blind me, nah, where my Ray's at? Yeah boy, this is payback Y'all was hatin back in May so I said "Hey" and bought a Maybach The roof gone, so I park it where the shade at Leave it sideways and spin the +Wheel+, no Sajak [Outro: Royce] Got this bitch bumpin Pocket full of money Pocket full of money P-p-p-pocket full of money You know we 'bout that club life, thug life Got this bitch bumpin like a bug bite, club life Pocket full of money Pocket full of money P-p-p-pocket full of money You know we 'bout that club life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Sly Jordan Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: Die Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Sway talking to a live crowd] Aight look, I seen these guys backstage I'ma say it right now, there isn't a group, in the rap game today that lyric for lyric, can out-rap these next dudes I know it for a motherfuckin fact I know it cause I'm from the West Coast  and I was there when Crooked I first came on the scene When Joell Ortiz first came on the scene When Joe Budden first came on the scene And one of the illest lyricists in the game  when Royce Da 5'9" first came on the scene "Welcome to Our House," give it up for SLAUGHTERHOUSE!! [Chorus: Sly Jordan] Everything you been askin for yes I'm about to give it to you You ain't gotta worry no more cause I'm about to put one through you I got a bullet with your name on it comin through the radio Sounds like I got an AK dumpin straight through the radio If you tryin to be target practice you finally found a shooter Soon as I pull my gun I know that Someone's gonna die, die, die, die Someone's gonna die-ie-ie-ie, die tonight [Royce Da 5'9"] Nigga this that shooter music, I'm about that life so much I might go touch my rifle's butt and my dick just might go up Nigga that nostril on that rifle'll knock the snot right out ya Try me and I'll try out ya, the drum on that gun is Beta like Phi Alpha Uh, but it ain't no frat niggaz in the hood be callin me Tackleberry And if he's eyein, he will have him an easier time tryin to put on some pads and goin and tryin to tackle Barry Then he'll go against this goddamn G-4 buyin Detroit Lion I'm about that life so much I might go golf Try to get me a hole-in-one'll remind of like when I go off Homicidal thoughts, bodies outlined in chalk by the time it's dark Dahmer signin his name on the dotted line with a bloody body part I don't give a fuck if they whylin, I got a clip of fuckin Ray Allens Sellin that Sarah Palin in, broad day or Letterman, Fallon When I shoot this iron all you hear is hoopin and hollerin like, "BOOOOMBS AWAY!!" Bootsy Collins [Crooked I] They shot my nigga three times, as his abdominal bled they robbed him for phenomenal bread, that domino led to other dominos fallin in his clique, off with their heads sick Saw him in that hospital bed, leaned away from the doctors said they all'll be dead soon, and I'm talkin before that nurse can change a I-V I'ma put 'em in the dirt, leave 'em leakin raspberry-flavored iced tea My G, kill him and take his ID I'm a +Renagade+ like E-M-I-N-E-M and J-A-Y-Z! Bitch it's karate, it's Mr. Miyagi mixed with Issey Miyake Smell that chopper kickin when it's liftin your body Quick as Bugattis, then I'm hittin the Omni with a chicken lickin my dick in the lobby, this New Edition I'm Bobby +Fast Laner+ - I'm speakin the truth, put three in the coupe I'ma wet yo' head like a leak in the roof then I'm leavin the booth a gas chamber My granny callin me a rap singer But she don't know I use my strap finger {*BLAOW*} [Joe Budden] Look, this a whole 'nother +Ether+, hop out, black mask, low Caeser Tell the goonies keep it low with the reefer New bodies on old heaters, we ain't wrapped too tight Starvin, they thought Jeffrey Dahmer had an appetite I'm detailed, not derailed, don't lay your head if you shit by it Got skeletons but my shit private, I paved the way, y'all misguided So try it I'ma send a threat, tie her up don't end her yet Bullet go through your wife eye/wi-fi now we know you ain't on the internet In my head I see amateurs, can't retain a memory All I'm left with is images, with that I'm puttin emphasis And in parenthesis put he's hated by large percentages And all my nemesis won't even let him on the premises One shot change him for life, he'll be belligerent Even his text messages gon' read like he whisperin Bullet-proofed the hoodie for Trayvon Martin Then go to war with the cops, even they aren't pardoned What up! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: Our Way (Outro) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Royce Da 5'9"] We them backpack niggaz Rap rap niggaz y'all be talkin shit about all day Internet, underground niggaz Our intellect just won't allow us to make records y'all way [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] Get over yourselves, fucker Get over yourselves, sucker I guess that we them backpack niggaz Rap rap niggaz who will never sell a record no way (guess what sucker) We made it, we made it, we made it But we did it our way, our way, our way Though it took some time but we finally made it Now can you truly say that you made it, your way? [Royce Da 5'9"] Dear Mr. End All Be All of an Opinion Fuck what you sayin, you've got fans but we've got minions Plus Eminem got Stans, like an arena, I went and seen it From abroad to back home, y'all ain't got to clap, we gon' make this track Clap, clap, clap for him, let me take y'all back We turned one song to a group, to a concert, to a record deal And yes it feels - more like carpentry than artistry God's work, uh, let's get real All you hear is them niggaz like 50 too, while we in the '62 But it ain't no industry business I ain't privy to Yeah, and for y'all niggaz that's tired of it Just lay down, and picture your soul over your body [Joell Ortiz] Check my rhyme timeline I took, time with every line Now I don't rhyme unless a, check gets signed My bank account, it don't look bad, I got House Gang hood swag I'm a +Crook+ that'll +Jump Off+ with +5 9's+ or a good jab Hell yeah I could brag, dude ain't never switch Whether the booth or on the strip I kept a Mac, in my bookbag You mad lil' nigga, cause I'm holdin the belt? Do some ad-libs nigga, get over yourself! I'm here for the duration, you here to reputation Slide them Dre's over your shit, prepare your ears for devastation Cause if, Yaowa on that muh'fucker, Yaowa goin in Y'all wan' be mad, go right ahead but once again [Joe Budden] As a posterchild for Photoshop my whole image was wrong Straight out a movie, took a pill and all my +Limits+ were gone Now you mention the best and you gotta argue son, clothes I used to borrow some Now it's name-brand drawers just so my dick could see how far I've come Changin the topic to women they know me to keep mine in labels That's how they drape, but judgin on shapes I should keep 'em in stables They left him for dead, took 'em to watch me resurrect, the shit's pathetic Shouldered the blame, it's a shame it took hindsight to give me credit I got kitchens in the masters, that fish tank is a wall I got couches in the closets, my estate is confused When you say that blatantly for the fools that missed with a blessing that steal There's no other outcome when you question my will [Crooked I] They said I'd never make it, huh (never make it) My rhyme scheme is a crime scene, dawg I yellow tape it for lyrical murder, I'm on the verge of my next merger Had to crawl before I walk, so after I ex-Gerber I took it a step further, I took over the web servers I took over the West, word to these fresh words and rode the wave of web surfers A circus, that's what this industry makes me think about Cause sellin out's a shortcut, integrity's the scenic route But you have never seen a crew or better team While you forever sleep we doin everything you fuckers dream about Sucker, "Slaughterhouse" is what they scream and shout Not the crowd, I mean your bitch now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Eminem Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: Asylum Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*sounds of gunshots and people screaming*} [Eminem] Yea yea, yo, yo! (This just in!) [Chorus: Eminem] The lunatics now run the asylum The doctors are dead, nurses are tied up They've taken it over and barricaded themselves inside it The lunatics now run the asylum I said the lunatics now run the asylum The doctors are dead, nurses are tied up They've taken it over and barricaded themselves inside it The lunatics now run the asylum [Joell Ortiz] I walk around with O.J.'s glove knowin it fit Fifth to the toilet, we takin over this shit The Yaowa waited, salivated like "Man I know I can spit" I was knockin for quite some time but y'all wouldn't open this bitch You turn green when I enter, probably can't breathe Now y'all trees in the winter, nobody can't leave For all those that was doubtful I got a scalpel and a mouth full of vowels that make a party stampede You brag about swag and your feminine trends I belittle your riddle, you Skittles with +Eminem's+ friends So I ain't tryin to play wit'chu This chainsaw crack jokes on Cain's brother brah, diss-Abel you (Vroom) I'm an untamable animal with aim from a movin train, I can graze your decayin tooth And my strait-jacket just came unloose So I'm reportin live, this is (breaking news!) [Crooked I] Psycho like no bitch-made nigga So this great nigga go insane I got the switchblade to your throat, move it's not smart I'll slice and watch you bleed all over the pop charts Me and the Slaughters run the asylum I'm feelin like DiCaprio rappin on +Shutter Island+ This industry is pussy, guess who gon' hit it the meanest Give her the penis, hit the bitch in her Venus To this game I'm addicted and fiendish I'm predicted to bring this G shit, to it's pinnacle zenith Lyrical genius, so sick with ridiculous English Niggaz get squeamish when they hear this criminal linguist Ah, fall back it's the takeover Y'all wack and your cake over I escaped from the padded room Grab a broom, rape a male rapper's womb [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm one as the worst happenin, the hurt moment when I'm purse snatchin On purp' goin berserk bonin miss Nurse Ratchet When we spit you get the pug face Your bitch swallowed my $5 foot-long on a +Subway+ If sane people are rich, why should I sit around? Play me and end up like the back of this hospital gown Ass out - drink drink drink drink Pass out - y'all feel me, right? When I was young I was loud, I used to be like "I'LL KILL YA!!" Now I be like, "You know I'll kill you, right?" If y'all don't like it y'all can lick my dick Cause we built this house we live in brick by brick The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Melanie Rutherford Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: Walk of Shame Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: sample of "Light of the Morning" by Band of Skulls] + (Melanie) + {Royce} "You gotta go, you-you gotta go" "You-you gotta go, you gotta go" (That-a-way) "You gotta go, you-you gotta go" "You-you gotta go, you" "But-but I wanna see you in the, see you in the" "See you in the" (Walkin) "See you in the, see you in the" "See you in the" (Walk of) {Shame} [Royce Da 5'9"] Six in the morning don't even know yo' name Even though I'm glad that you came - I'm sorry but {"you gotta go"} Instead of tryin to parlay Why don't you make like heaven's havin a soirée - the party's up {"gotta go"} No disrespect to you, I just met you-you Special boo but you {"got-got-got-got-gotta go"} And even though I feel you fly My incidental bill's too high - sorry you {"gotta go"} Here put my number in your phone so we can talk again That walk to the lobby you got, we call that the +Walk of Shame+ {"gotta go"} I don't know what room Joey's in, or where's your friend I don't know your friend, no offense, but Goodbye! Mwah! [Crooked I] It all started when she stuck out her rear Top bunk of the tour bus she gettin dug out up here, hey {"You gotta go"} It felt like we coulda hung out a year But I was thinkin with my dick now bitch get the fuck outta here, AY {"Gotta go"} I'm sorry that I did your girl reckless I fed her a squirrel breakfast, she left with a pearl necklace {"Got-got-got-got-gotta go"} That big ol' ass had to be felt on or else it's just a waste/waist like the space I put my belt on She {"gotta go"} huh, now tell me what the hell's wrong? +Fed+ with your +Ex+, you get sex then get mailed home {"gotta go"} Thugnificent tell them go that-a-way Then I send that bitch a smiley face, bitches love a smiley face! [Joe Budden] Cab on speed-dial, I ain't with devotion Ain't buyin what you sellin, nah I ain't drinkin the potion {"You gotta go"} Plan like e'rything's slow motion But it's "sweet Baby Jesus" when the +Frank's+ in her +Ocean+ {"Gotta go"} I don't know magic tricks, but you'll see plenty soon Amazin I'll get one night stand in this empty room {"got-got-got-got-gotta go"} She got gored, bein annoyed she ain't get breakfast I tell her roleplay and be a voyeur with the exit {"gotta go"} Nah, you don't get a key to the crib You can be my wife for an hour and get me in your rib But then you {"gotta go"} and this party ain't unusual She's sorry she came, I'm sorry it's not mutual [Joell Ortiz] Yeah, last night was fun But that look like the sun, so yeah last night is done And um {"you gotta go"} I know, I'm sad too Don't forget your earrings, oh these ain't yours? My bad, but here's your bag boo You {"gotta go"} your hair look fine, I swear, your hair look fine Plus nobody care, you a dime, but look at the time Girl you {"got-got-got-got-gotta go"} I got shit to do But next time I'm in town you got my word I'ma get wit'chu Now where the fuck's this missin shoe? You {"gotta go"} When I go on tour I find me a hoe for sure with open jaws and cute knees that both go on floors {"gotta go"} Ginas and Pams, I ain't tryin to be cold But, in the words of Martin, you ain't gotta go home but The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Songvibe Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: The Other Side Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Songvibe] I paint a smile on my face But my mind's in a different place {"J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League"} [Chorus: Songvibe] They only see the light, but look behind the camera And then you'll find an answer, on the other siiiiide Look closer you will find, a message for the dreamer The grass ain't always greener, on the other siiiiide [Royce Da 5'9"] I don't give a fuck about no rapper, anyone'll cap ya Everyone is capable of murder if they have ta Anyone can sell drugs, anyone can do time You trivial niggaz, all you do is confuse crime Rappers are held at such a high regard while we fall It's cause we forget the fans are the reason why we're stars The fans also are not perfect Keep in mind not to treat me like a science project and not a person I lend my respect to the game cause it teach you wisdom Your friends expect you to change so they treat you different Through all my fame and my life I have grown If my wife decided she gone I might wanna die alone I'ma be honest cause every rapper alive includin I puts a persona up But I promise what you seein has truly been me But I ain't 5'9" all the time, sometimes I'm just Ryan a human being [Joell Ortiz] I can't believe she hopped in homie whip My boo got blinded by the chromy lip and all that dough he get that he would blow and trick on open toes to rock with all the clothes she pick Dim lit restaurants with the Kobe dish (Kobe dish) The nectar Mo' he sips Man you don't even like champagne you lil' phony bitch! You on homie dick, look at you walkin in them heels like they Saucony's bitch God this is crap, I mean HOLY SHIT! I took you in when you got knocked up Argued with your moms about why I'ma fuck your pops up Graveyard shift liftin the box up Ain't wanna risk bein locked up, I just wanted to be a good pops but You took my son like he was only yours We used to go to war on the phone, you had no remorse You cold, your heart's shiverin You was on the arm of an artist but that's just women when [Joe Budden] Lately I'm somber, my relationship with karma got me peelin at my skin wishin I was made of armor Shady I'm honored, thanks for takin in this monster Deeper than a stab wound given by my baby mama Tryin to figure if I fear love Or if the devil got him in some type of bearhug that I'm not aware of Just cope, do what works for you I'm prettier inside, tryin to be reversible I mean moms never changed, never hurt her view So when she go so do I, make that hearse for two I feel my heart and I'm reminded it's cold They say our bodies gon' perish and our spirits shall be assigned new trolls So if you was climbin with Joe, when it's my time to go FUCK a funeral, get out there and find my soul Cause alone I'd break I need y'all to help prove that I'm not just God's lone mistake The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ B.o.B Album: Welcome To: Our House Song: Place to Be Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {"Kane is in the building"} [Crooked I] Fuck the whole world mayne, we are the freshest I'm higher than a baby on a seesaw with Precious Y'all just the messengers, we are the message You bang on wax, I beef off the record Rap like I trap, you can't spit this flow I sling water, sling flour, I'ma get this dough Yeah, behind my zipper where her lipstick go Like an embryo in a hooker, I'm in this hoe [Royce Da 5'9"] Nickel! Right off the rip, nigga we are the dopest Y'all in front of the cameras, we are the focus Y'all are the watered down, we are the potent Y'all call y'all bosses, we call the GOAT then We ball for sho' and, here we are fast cats, fly me and +Bombs Over Baghdad+, BOB The only thing I hate to see is hate, in the place to be [Chorus: B.o.B] What an incredible place to be Away from the bullshit, I'm fadin slowly Ain't no other place I'd rather be Away from the lowlifes, surrounded by money What about nines and super freaks? A bottle Patrón, just on that green If you down for the team So while my pill is kickin in, take another shot What an incredible place to be [Joell Ortiz] I'm feelin like Cassius, at last it's the greatest Angry intelligent rap, mad innovative Y'all blast garbage shit, we blast the haters Hip-Hop's a community, we smack the neighbors The last men standin when the shit get real When the rest up we stepped up like a 6-inch heel Yeah, I'm gettin used to how this rich shit feel Don't judge me, I'm tryin my best to make my dick sit still [Joe Budden] Fresh in the strip club, he be the realest The drugs got her number, she feel this I said I need her love but for an hour, not anything like a spouse Told her the roof's missin but e'rything's on the house Got a table full of liquor, somethin's gotta hit the spot She might even put 'em on the glass if we mix a lot Get her nice and buzzed The night'll end when we decide it does [B.o.B] You already know nigga we be's the flyest You might've seen high but nigga we get, the highest Far as lighters, I need at least a 3-week supply with all this pussy thrown at me now I'm knee-deep, in 'gina Bitch I'm boss, fuck around and unleash Goliath I go deep of gettin poon, you're wet now call me, Poseidon I'm a giant, I eat beats and I burn good That's my diet, B.o.B and Slaughterhouse, 5 [Royce Da 5'9"] + (B.o.B) 9, every time I scribble a rhyme down niggaz be like (that's a riot) Crooked, Ortiz, sick with the flow (that's a riot) [Joe Budden] Yo, yo yo, or explosive Know it be like Floetry, so it's +Ambrosius+ I wrote it, know that it's cool to quote it Joe- [Joell Ortiz] -ell one hell of a relevant MC, felon ya melon is empty So elementary, benevolency resides inside our pens, see/C [Crooked I] -R-double-O-K-E-D I Far up and away cause we be high [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Kirko Bangz Album: No Love Lost Song: Top of the World Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Joe Budden] You can catch me in a strip club stacked up, I don't keep 'em visible Won't see a man get thirsty cause I'm known to keep a bitch or two Probably both be bi-sexual, I tell 'em chill and kick it boo And never get uncomfortable, these waitresses start kissin you Y'all would call it birthday sex, I call it a ritual If you've seen it like me then I already know why y'all be miserable You don't really want no problems cause them shooters they hospitable And they gon' grab them blockers while you try and keep it physical Pool house or that guest house, it don't matter where it goes down Driveway is cobblestone, garage is like a Ghost town I ain't even touch 'em yet they feel like they've been hosed down If you real then you gotta respect this shit, G's up, hoes down [Chorus: Kirko Bangz] I'm chillin on top of the world (Top of the world, top of the world) Now you know all about me girl (About me girl, about me girl) Tell them niggaz I did it, look how I came up Tell them niggaz I'm with it if they bring my name up Tell them bitches I'm gone, don't be callin my phone (phone) If it ain't about the money baby (baby) [Joe Budden] Uhh, uhh, hold up Let's get back to my loved ones, those of y'all that been with me Helped me to +exercise+ my demons, brought 'em to the gym with me Probably why she text me to death like "Joe I got a friend with me and I'd love to eat her out while you on top or anal rammin{?} me" Let's get back to them things I like, let's get back to that stripper pole Let's get back to her poppin that, I ain't even really gotta tip her though It's bonjour while I'm on tour, I mean every night, different show And if you a little too sober just tell me your favorite liquor HOE! Wait, tell me your favorite, then lick a hoe We them dudes you wanna get to know, cameras up, no pictures though Lookin for them broke niggaz {?} to me there ain't none To respect my position gotta respect where a nigga came from [Joe Budden] She know I like it when her hair curled, sun dress, lil' bit of makeup on Turnpike, parkway, either way won't take us long Hit the club, twenty minutes, deuces either way I'm gone Be a fool if I stayed there with an ass bouncin in my favorite thong I came from nothin like my father was a deadbeat Wasn't for that I don't know if I'd say success is sweet Top of the world, let's let how I sustain maintain my legacy Takin a bit of my soul but won't let it consume the rest of me Now let's get back to this paper though, e'ry day same shit Screamin RNS for life, some of y'all don't know that language Livin for you, never for them, best way to explain it is I want the most cause I had the least, that's why I'm on my game BIATCH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Lil Wayne, Tank Album: No Love Lost Song: She Don't Put it Down Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Joe Budden] She ain't got a leg to stand on Don't even trip, taha [Joe Budden] I can take you all over the world though, even tell you pack light The last lie couldn't even get a cab ride She don't do the blogs but if she did she'd be on mad sites Ass so mean that I'm always on her bad side Uhh, now she don't ever stress me 'bout my whereabouts Never seems concerned with other birds that she may hear about She mind hers, it's my turn, that shit she barely care about Look amazing on me, why I'm always tryin to wear her out She don't ride like you, no she don't taste like that Not with a waist like that, do I let her go to waste like that? She a - mix between Kama Sutra, yoga and porno flicks Funny how her breath get shorter when I give her long dick Uhh~! And I'm tellin y'all straight up Might think I imagined shawty even when she not made-up She kill 'em in Levi's, see why, it ain't even fair Look good in whatever she wear, how could other women compare? They can't [Interlude: Tank] I done put another in your space Damned if they do, it's been hard to replace I just want the same judge sittin on the case She gon' hate, but she know [Chorus: Tank] She don't put it down like you, down-down like you (she know) Down-down like you (she know) down-down like you (she know) She don't put it down like you, down-down like you (she know) Down-down like you (she know) down-down like you (she know) She don't put it down like you, girl you workin with the killer Ain't nobody fuckin with ya She don't put it down like you, down-down like you (she know) Down-down like you (she know) down-down like you (she know) She don't put it down like you [Lil Wayne] I can see the stars in the daytime Bitch I miss you like a deadline And the girl I'm with is just the girl I'm with I mean it's workin out, so we're stayin fit But you know love is nothin, ask Stan Smith But I gotta keep a bad bitch like Brad Pitt Remember our first kiss? Or our last kiss? I used to go dummy in that pussy, crash test You be fuckin that nigga like you was fuckin me? Heh, fuck that nigga, he can't fuck with me I'm Tunechi bitch and you know that, and that pussy throw back At any given night I'll still pop that ass like a Prozac Girl you know you got that murder, a beast in that La Perla And every time we cut I used to +Shredd-er+, Ninja Turtles And I know you still love me, and I know it's still for me That's why we still fuckin - cause she don't put it down like you [Joe Budden] Love bein 'round mine, no downtime, still nothin else even matters Can't even walk slow through that mall cause paparazzi runnin after Baby girl workin it like a pro, slow it down or move it faster Whether them lights on or them lights off like I'm sleepin with The Clapper Said she watchin what she eat, yet that ass keep gettin fatter How I'm sexin her makin that ex of hers no longer be a factor Plus in my mind already know, you done turned them all to Casper Climb with the former rather latter, you already know which one I'd rather Come on [Interlude] + [Chorus] Artist: Joe Budden f/ Dion Primo, French Montana, Wiz Khalifa Album: No Love Lost Song: N.B.A. (Never Broke Again) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Dion Primo] Bitch I'm ballin, bitch I'm ballin (yeah) racked up, no wallet Keep a bad bitch on my team (team) I should join the league N.B.A. - never broke again, never goin broke again N.B.A. - never broke again, never goin broke again (uh, yeah) Cause bitch I'm ballin, bitch I'm ballin, I fuck her once, don't call her (nope) My niggaz gettin that green (green) we in a different league N.B.A. - never broke again, never goin broke again N.B.A. - never broke again, never goin broke again [Wiz Khalifa] Tahahaha, uhh, uhh Got so much money I got racks on racks on racks on racks on racks Bitch so much money my shit stacks on stacks on stacks on stacks on stacks You see me smokin and you know I got that pack I got that sack, I got that O; I hit the club, I lose control I smoke that loud, I know the grower (grower) Ball like the owner, hit this gin make things move slower (slower) I'm never sober, roll some weed, our eyes get lower (lower) I'm in my old school, ride it sound just like a newer motor (motor) They're wonderin how I get these mil's and still live like a stoner (stoner) No other way, I get 100 K from each promoter (moter) Or more than that, hold up Money, long it, don't, fold up; let me, get some, gin, po' up Got some, bomb, weed, roll up; niggaz, got their, gang, thrown up (thrown up) These niggaz got their game, they got it from us (from us) I'm with my gang, and my niggaz go nuts (go nuts) You talkin money, best believe I show up (show up) And all the real niggaz know us (know us) Oh, oh, oh, tahahaha, uhh [Joe Budden] Talkin money but walkin funny, is it any reason why y'all starvin? I smell bull and by spell enforce, and do I really need to beg yo' pardon? My jersey say +James+, I don't play games like 'Bron when he in that Garden Now wait I said that all wrong, she don't need to +Rock-it+ when I put my +Hard-in+ My new nickname is Just Watch, might not join might just watch New Yacht Master, just a watch; doubtin me, I tell 'em just watch Them diamonds yellow, them beams are red, and them hammers tucked, they don't show Plus them shooters with me got the green light, so why the fuck you think they won't go? Hold up, yo' chick traded post-game, and it's no shame, she felt ya man She probably on Joe +Johnson+, cause I don't ever be in that Elton +Brand+ It's YSL, she fly as hell, tell her come get gone in my ride You can't blame hoes, can't be D. Rose, now she a thorn in my side Grow up (grow up) P-R-P-S is over my Timbs Way shorty blew me out it was only right I showed her my bench Let my mans hit, when the fan hit we spendin all these bills on liquor Figured Jersey lost its team but still we got the realest nigga - Joey [French Montana] Montana! Joe! Hahhh Keep a bad bitch on my team (team) got 'bout five ounce of that lean (lean) My chain Blu-ray on that screen (screen) I spent two days countin that cream (cream) Got 'bout five acres at my doorway (doorway) yo' main bitch my throwaway Got 'bout eight whips, they brainless, my main bitch like shorty Got my top down, her hair out (hair out) isolation and clear out (clear out) Fast break, my bread straight, one hand shake and I bail out (bail out!) Hit the streets, tourin, bitches, call her, tell her, bring a friend Derrick Rose, baller bitch, never, goin, broke again Dulce fades on my shades (shades) clear ice they skate (skate) LeBron James on that break (break) real estate with that lake Shootin from half court, got you by a long shot Montana, that nigga from the Bronx block The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Emanny Album: No Love Lost Song: You and I Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Joe Budden] Uh-huh, uhh I feel like I've dated e'ry woman in the world, most were beautiful Some were corporate, worked in a little cubicle I done some shit to some that I would never do to you Cause some were tailor-made but still wasn't suitable Come to yours, I see why you'd be elusive Some took advantage of you, some were intrusive Some put they hands on you, some were abusive Most cheated on you, must ain't think you were exclusive Ain't gotta say a word, I already know it And even if you scared to death it's ill that you never show it I go to sleep with fear of losin you, don't wanna blow it And I wouldn't be surprised if I did, that's typical Joe shit I lie forever, not only do she trust me Her body's a work of art, there's beauty in every ugly So for me as a friend Though our pasts are so horrible, together we won't ever have to see 'em again I love you [Chorus: Emanny] You and I, you and I seem crazy I would die, if you leave my life my baby No one else gave a damn 'bout us Where we go, I don't know the future I just know, I don't wanna lose ya We're just takin our chance on love, on love [Joe Budden] Uhh, I've been with e'ry woman in this world 'cept a virgin chick Some kept my soul alive just so they can murder it We're both broken pieces, both been hurt and shit Both took a chance on each other and it was worth the risk She low-maintenance, but she deserves a grip Give her the best of me cause she endured the worst of it She been through so much, still she carry on So if she come with baggage it's a carry-on So a life without, I couldn't conceive I tried to dump her one time but she wouldn't leave And I ain't want her to, so that was good to see Soon as I uttered them words I damn near couldn't breathe Been through the run-around, took her off the carousel I'm still in shock that her passion's unparalleled I know some ex's gotta be mad as hell But we were so broken down we had to gel I love you [Joe Budden] Uhh, okay, talk to 'em I've been with e'ry type of woman, some of the baddest ones Some were cougars, but still they acted young Some were gossip queens, but I ain't mad at them You make it bittersweet, today that shit matters none Some I knew wouldn't last when the crash begun Some played it cool, but wasn't half as fun Some ain't over me, they just blame away Some I ruined myself, others came that way Some were model-esque, less started gainin weight Others waited to gain, but met the same fate Some moved to the city for a change of pace Some I never broke up with, just let it fade away Some never witnessed love, don't know what we see in it Was a stranger for you so it's ill how you believe in it Cause you done dated a few If I'ma take a chance on love I thank God he let me take it with you I love you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: No Love Lost Song: Castles Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Joe Budden] Some things need to be said So why not say it, uh Only say this one time Just once, just listen Check this [Joe Budden] My castle started shrinkin, somethin's gotta give Ended up bein the smallest place that I had ever lived One of the reasons I would do away with fame to say the least Don't know who these people are (and) their names ain't on the lease It's a different type of monster, entertainment is a beast Was supposed to eat together, then I became the main feast If you're preyin on my kindness, takin advantage of Joe's cool I'd have to ask what's your definition of soul food I bust my ass for my whole life and I worked hard for my profit And envy I know cuts like a knife so you probably work hard to stop it If you know me like you claim then how could you disregard my logic? You know I'll cut my arm short and put my heart in my pocket (word) A pretty good judge of character, maybe I mistaked a few Cut some people off, but had no choice, it's what they made me do Why would you take advantage when it's somethin I'd have gave to you? And in the long run, it doesn't take from me, it takes from you You'll probably tell me I'm a fucked up nigga You got it wrong, I just won't be fucked up with ya Which forces me to get distant, and I never wanna act a way with you But passion and desire never blends with lackadaisical No longer enable you (nah) that's no longer favorable (nah) But pride is on your sleeve so you'll just act like nothin phases you Which can never equal good in fact So love can't be lost, I know exactly where I put it at [Interlude: Joe Budden] Word, got no problem with nobody though Just have no problem with me, figure It's no beef, no malice I got no vendetta with y'all So I only want better for myself Might even want better for y'all [Joe Budden] My castle started shrinkin (word) I tried my best to fight it (word) Don't know how it happened, don't know how they got invited Was good with cabin fever, and maybe that helped create the space Fuck your good intentions, more concerned with what's takin place But everyone feels entitled, made up their mind, they got a right to My peers transformin right before my eyes into my rivals Y'all can have the cars, you can have the clothes, take all that shit that I don't love I'm learnin fast that recognition is its own drug And what's worse than some of your actions bein feminine is I got no way of knowin if your moves are really genuine You there when it's bright, better be there when it's dark You wasn't there for the ride, don't be there when I park Figure I love niggaz enough to let the world come and stay with me And I'll stay trapped in this room to keep y'all away from me What's supposed to happen when I'm not hot anymore? Your job rely on me bein crazy, but what if I'm not anymore? The funny shit, them Mollies were cool when we all were doin 'em But nobody recalled when I was the only one they were ruinin I learned a long time ago in life that not much is fair So +No Love Lost+, but not much is there Déjà vu, this happened rapidly before Every day's a constant struggle and you're a casualty of war (dawg!) Uh, which could only equal good in fact So love isn't lost, I know exactly where I put it at The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Kobe, Royce Da 5'9" Album: No Love Lost Song: All in My Head Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Joe Budden] Uh, uh.. uh Maybe it started with Slaughterhouse, or was it tour life? Maybe it wouldn't have started at all, if I had your life Maybe it was needed or was I thinkin immorally? If I wasn't myself could I say I gave the fans +All of Me+? Can't decide if I'm more ashamed of what they saw in me than I am of ignorin all the lessons that was taught to me Headed up field but couldn't dodge the last tackler How could a forward thinker move so ass backwards? How could a dude with no regrets at all willin to bet it all not realize that quicker demise? How could I neglect it all? I'm so seasonal, some of y'all knew I'd spring back With a heart this cold, how'd y'all think I'd be receptive to fall? I'm plenty comfortable when danger's around And even more so when strangers around And the bigger picture is sicker, don't know my triggers or know the alarm it forces Don't know a nigga, don't know my bouts with drugs or liquor or the harm it causes Life or death, I tried to lynch myself Thought I could keep it all a secret, I convinced myself But really, the folk that loved me they could tell I was loc'in I couldn't see 'em, cry me a river cause it fell in the ocean Numb to my words now, maybe felt I was open I cut so many people loose, do I need help with devotion? That's just, some of the things I ask my Lord and Savior And when He calls for me, will He have done us all a favor? [Chorus: Kobe] How did I make it herrrrrrre? Who are y'all? (Who are y'all?) I feel so lost (so lost) Now I'm not seein it clearrrrrrrr Is it my fault? (Is it my fault?) It's all in my head [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm lookin around like "This can't be happenin" (can't be happenin) Round of applause for the angry rappers (angry rappers) Lord, my girl cried me a flood than me a river That's love, dependin on me when I'm a dependent on liquor I'm up in the shoe sto', she got no love to show You ever look at a bitch you was fuckin behind your bitch back like "Fuck I was fuckin you fo'?" I'm an artist so I'm intelligent I would tell you to do some soul searchin, but it's hangin up in my closet with your skeleton It's gotta be God's work, even a diamond gotta be polished first A quarter's on the loose and I ain't been out here gettin my dollar's worth I had to remove the goggles first To see through the sippin Patrón and fifty phoners 'fore I need to go get me a kidney donor Guru, Nate Dogg, go 'head, blink a eye The doctor told me, "You close, go 'head, drink and die" Buried under the stone where the Patrón fifth sits by That reads "Here lies somebody who never wanted to be this guy" [Joe Budden] It go, look They say knowledge is power, great cause every day I learn As of late been havin revelations 'bout this hate term Hate the way they judged me, 'til I got the case adjourned Hated the belly of the beast 'til I became it's tapeworm When I said I'd stop gettin high, tried to say it stern Though I'm the type to walk through the fire to check the way it burn They say my brain is off, I say "How can it be?" If I'm out my mind, how can I be in-sanity? And people used to say that I was scared of progress They don't know how hard a nigga tried to advance But I don't know who's more to blame, is it them for really not knowin me or is it me for never really givin them a chance? Get too close be too big of a threat Now it's been little to no time thinkin why I ain't get rid of you yet Gotta recognize my maturity, gotta see I'm grown Let all my skeletons out the closet, just so I'd never be alone Since I got trust issues, I won't discuss with you Besides God, tell me who the fuck's supposed to save you Pop won't have a man-to-man, was gone half my life so Somewhere in his head probably feel it ain't his place to Plus more people'll see me soon I mean, I'll be on national TV soon So when I ask if people I have around are a cancer for me That's 4 million more that might be able to answer for me Joey~! [Joe Budden over Chorus] C'mon! Who the fuck is y'all? Nigga! It's a couple of questions Just some of the things a nigga goes through every night OHH~! [Outro: Joe Budden] Parks on the board Real nigga in the booth Signin off, to who it may concern Uh, uh, uh, uh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Crooked I, Joell Ortiz, Kaydence Album: No Love Lost Song: Skeletons Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Kaydence] I got some skeletons locked in the closet (yeah, yeah) And I've been dyin, dyin just to find an outlet (yeahhhhhh) And I'm hopin that no one finds out about it (yeah, yeah) Wishin maybe it'll disappear but I doubt it, I doubt iiiiiiiit [Joell Ortiz] Uhh, damn I look over my shoulder not knowin where it's comin from But knowin that it's comin, I was buggin as a young'n Now I'm runnin from, or somethin that'll even out my dumb decisions The night I shot and had him bleedin out his lungs and spittin Do any sins go unforgiven? I hope not cause most of mine were hunger-driven, nothin in my mother kitchen Stomach soundin like the clouds ignited and the thunder hittin So the well-screwed kid ended up with more than a couple missin So not a chef but now the cocaine forever cookin I love kids but now I'm sellin to a pregnant woman Stumblin through the projects in the A.M. with a cup in my hand Gun on my waist and, I don't give a FUCK is my plan You'll never understand my palm sweat Followed by shortness of breath then my heart jets and I ain't find a calm yet Go on let shorty sing Cause ain't no way in Hell this ain't Joell that's brave enough to tell you e'rything [Crooked I] Fuck all that rappin, I'ma let the conversation rock I got skeletons in my closet The livin dead live in a nigga head behind a combination lock When will the occupation stop it, make it a vacant lot The black mamba when I crack vodka, I'ma take a shot and hope them stowaways go away, before the anchor drop Yo thanks a lot, I'm a bottle drinkin nutcase Cover of XXL behind Em, I had the drunk face I steadily dream about cleanin these demons out In order to clean 'em out, you gotta scream and shout, all of your secrets out loud; it started as a kid at my school desk Aced every quiz but I wanted to pass the cool test Ain't nothin cool about school shoppin at the thrift store And livin in an abondoned station wagon because you was piss poor So I started stealin all of the clothes that the other kids wore That's when the skeletons moved into my mind on the sixth floor And more came through Crooked I's youth I slowly started movin 'em out my closet into this mic booth For real bro [Interlude: Kaydence] I thought I had it locked away 'til forever But no memories fade away, they seem to stay Comfortable in my conscience you live in my dreams They say time heals it all, then why's this pain still with me? [Joe Budden] Uh uh, uhh See the problem is I know it all, or maybe the problem is that I just show it all Maybe they thinkin that I should be ashamed of my actions but really there's no remorse Maybe the Lord'll decide that I suffered enough and let me live with no withdrawals Then again all it would mean is he deemed that I'm much too important to focus all We could talk about pain 24/7, dawg that's my department "Inner City Blues," cruise and I'm blastin that Marvin Skeletons ain't in my closet, that's my apartment And they like to hide behind thousand dollar fabrics and garments It's all bleak to me Tell my pop I ain't bothered when he don't speak to me, I love you but it's weak to me On one hand life is short and there's no excuse to do it But you was missin half my life dawg, I'm kinda used to it Modern day Son of Sam, judge but you don't understand Me against the world, I plan on winnin, know I'm on demand Wan' see through the eyes of a monster? Look through my glasses tint My roommates can stay here, just take care of half the rent [Outro: Kaydence] I doubt iiiiiiiit, ayy I doubt iiiiiiiit, ayy I doubt it {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Emanny Album: No Love Lost Song: Ghetto Burbs Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Joe Budden] Uh-huh-uh, always had big dreams E'rybody had big dreams though I ain't never wan' stay here, I had no intentions I never had no plans, uh [Chorus: Emanny] Live, my, life Gotta know how to survive Just, can't, hide These streets eat you alive Living in the ghet-to, burbs Cause I'm from two different worlds Ghet-to, burbs Comin from the ghetto burbs [Joe Budden] Yo, yo; ghetto burbs, I'm from the ghetto of Jers' From where the peddlers serve, use hand gestures for words Big-up to L.A., they was ahead of the curve My hood we gang bang, you can get left on the curb Yup I was raised here, but I'm tryin to export Police is crooked, the strippers is escorts Like my homie Layla, really I can't knock her Cause she gettin paper, month ago she was knocked up Baby daddy a dope boy, first homie was locked up But he on the same shit, fucked around and got shot up In my same mind, I'm like why he even bother? At the same time don't know what he was a part of Layla over the casket, tears comin harder The hood wins again, another son with no father Gotta take it in stride, 'round here that's the usual But I ain't accustomed, that shit I can't get used to I'm tryin to survive [Joe Budden] Yo; ghetto burbs, I'm from the ghetto of Jers' From where the ghetto's disturbed, you can be dead in a hearse Say a prayer daily, and end it with better or worse I lost faith but grandma still keep her head up in church Murder is sky high, employment is real low Little kid tryin to rap, but will he get a deal? No Cause poverty kills slow, belief is beyond ya 7 out of every 10 bitches here got the monster like my lil' homie Tanya, I met her at Freaknik, freak shit The same bitch the niggaz be all out in the street with Open, in love with her service But she got resentments you won't see from the surface Feel like so many women look where should she worship Caught AIDS from rape and thought her whole life was worthless Hoe couldn't know how gorgeous her curves is She fuckin 'em raw and hope they catch it on purpose You better survive [Joe Budden] Uhh, ghetto burbs, I'm from the ghetto of Jers' I ain't tryin to act like my part of the ghetto's the worst Niggaz is tricks here, they'll buy stilettos for birds How did I get here? They act like the metal don't hurt Dudes just gettin high, guess they tryin to escape it Or commit suicide assumin they couldn't take it The streets is cold, still we run around naked Success is a void and we replace it with hatred That's your homie from way back, from so many years old But friends turn green, even that actin weird old You think he cared? No~! Y'all used to share clothes Now you struggle for rent and he got ice in his earlobe Your man won't even extend a hand, meetin all his career goals You need a whole 'nother plan, your career is froze Valuables are more valuable than e'rything, even valued the dude Cause you gotta survive [Chorus] - 2X [Outro: Emanny] Ayy! Ohhh Comin from the ghetto burbs, hey Yeah! Gotta know how to survive Streets eat you alive, hey! Oooh! Ohhh, ayy Comin from the ghetto burbs, ohh no no Said the streets eat you, alive, alive Yeah-eahhhh, yeahhhhhhh yeah yeah! Oooh! No-ohhhhh Comin from the ghetto burbs, yeah Ohhhhhh, whoa-ohhh-ohhh Ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ay The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Juicy J, Lloyd Banks Album: No Love Lost Song: Last Day Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Joe Budden] Look, look These niggaz lied to me way back, said this is where my buck stop Ridin right by in that fly shit, these niggaz still at that bus stop You won't ever see these jeans sag, you would think so with this tucked Glock And any nigga wanna go bar-for-bar, know I'm always with that club-hop This Joe shit, y'all don't know shit, them hoes you with is just average This fo' spittin that whole clip and my alibi is my bad bitch So don't be the first to get it My life is like a movie and yo' bitch deserve the credit I just stood there and directed She just did what I expected, doin me but you'd do me too I'll be me my nigga you be you, I guess that men can be groupies too Recognize a winner, live like a born sinner Catered dinners, finna have a pool party in the winter Finna skinny dip, bitch fuck them drawers, her brains are killer, and I love 'em all Says my head got a price on it, she'd come through and just suck it off ... So if you scared get a weapon Every day a nigga live like he prepared for armageddon [Chorus: Joe Budden] Now when they call me to them gates and they ask me how I live I feel like I ain't have a choice like my stomach's to my ribs Niggaz wanted me dead, I kept hammers in the crib But naw, I don't regret a fuckin thing I ever did So I - spend like it's my last day, club like this my last day Ride like this my last day, fry like this my last day Fuck like it's my last day, fuck boys wanna blast me This might be yo' last day, this won't be my last day [Juicy J] Yes sir! Juicy J Joe Budden, let's get it Uhh, models by my side (side) shooters on my team (team) Choppers with the beam (beam) countin up some green (green) Blowin on a blue dream (dream) My life is like a movie and yo' bitch just made a scene Me and yo' bitch just made a scene Wake up and I smoke somethin, after that, I poke somethin Bet she bad with a fat ass, beat it up like she stole somethin Fuck two times then I roll somethin, can't no nigga do like me All my chains is icy, all my clothes is pricey In Louis Vuittons, no Nikes; I'm Nino Brown, you Ice-T Snitchin equals dead bodies - snitchin equals dead bodies Nigga caught a death wish, think he caught me slippin I don't play that +Bull+ boy, I'm shootin like Scottie Pippen {*blam*} [Lloyd Banks] Uhh, I'm dressed up with my sport keys, my Roley bands, love short sleeves Wanted man when I toss seeds, all my bitches cross-breeds These big faces talk G's, I lace my H's, walk, flee I'm V-6'in in V-12's, '93 is my horse fee Life's a bitch I figured I'd bone, smoke this weed when I get a little dome Black star when it's all said and done, gotta put my name in the middle of the road Open boxes, a pair a day, mine don't come in pearl yet I got a party out in U.K., I'ma hit them hoes with my Euro step Insomniac, gotta live my life, where's the pie? I gotta get my slice I homi' shit, where's the body bag? Kiss my Maserati ass Two thick queens in the king's suite, get energized off thin sleep I let all my A.K.A.'s hit, they thought I was ten deep Miss wait me get a $100 tip, pray to God heard my number and I hit Jovy girl make 'em come in from the chip, when you do good all the summers go quick Trust nobody, got thunder on the hip, shotty in the crib, don't start no shit Bad chick, ass and her stomach don't fit, know your lane, don't come with no lip! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Omarion Album: No Love Lost Song: Switch Positions Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Joe Budden] See these other dudes is into you cause you fine And even that's fine, I don't mind all that Me I have fine my whole life You could find that anywhere It's about a lil' more than that over here It's more than just the after-sex Call me when you want somethin else, uh From somethin else, taha [Joe Budden] Top off, trench coat Slow it down, switch the tempo White wine, in slow Curtains open let the neighbors watch us through the window Lights out, candle lit, I'm tryna see what's up right now Got me open as a fuck right now, probably why I'm tryna fuck right now I'll take that back, it's the wrong impression But I bet you 30 minutes leave a long impression Hair pulled with yo' back arched, I ain't even gotta ask who's this is Foolishness, you heaven-sent, and it's evident how you do that shit Gotta compliment, yo' confidence, cause I love how you exude that shit Already know you the illest alive, you ain't even tryna prove that shit Call it trainin day, I know wifey proud of me Told her I had a drainin day and she suck the life right out of me My turn, gon' eat it Turn over, but I'm tryna keep it [Chorus: Omarion] Can't you see, that I'm gonna give you everything you want and everything that you need What I really feel is Sexual healing cause I'm the one giving it to you You know that I'm a pro, girl wait Switch positions, switch positions You know that I'm a pro, girl wait Switch positions, ohhh ohhh ohhh Let's do it [Omarion] Let's get it lusty, I wanna touch you And if I make you my girlfriend I'm gonna cuff you Maybe we can chill all day Right up on the beach and I'll play What you say? (What you say?) What you say? What you want? What you need? Yeah you know I got that for Got that fire, anything I'll let you have Just sex meeeee [Joe Budden] Uh, full-course meal now the dinner gone Closet full of clothes, still nothin but her skin is on Don't matter if it's your place or my place But if mine the patio got a fireplace Trust me you ain't seen shit just yet, nothin compared to how shit can get Me on top of you drippin sweat, and that don't matter, you drippin wet Your turn, on top And you can crash here, just promise me you won't stop [Joe Budden] Two rounds might lead to four, all depend on how you feel low Me suckin on you all while you bitin on that pillow Same time, next week, but I asked her how she feel first Said she wanted some days off, said she needed to heal first She told me smack her ass like she was actin up I told her put it down, but she backed it up Our turn, one forever Arrive separate, but cum together [Outro: Omarion] Yeah, you know I visualize, every part of you And I just, I can't help but to, explore Every part of you, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ SLV Album: No Love Lost Song: Tell Him Somethin Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: SLV] Tell him somethin Say whatever you think he'd wanna hear, girl If it don't come between me you and this mirror, girl I don't care girl, just tell him somethin Tell him somethin - tell him somethin Let him know a real nigga is fuckin you But that'll probably make him feel uncomfortable What you gonna do? Tell him somethin Tell him somethin [Interlude: SLV + Joe Budden] It's crazy, it's crazy, how he got your brain But his body don't do a damn thing for you Now oh baby, oh baby, you're tryin to get away Cause you know I do the things he won't do, won't do [Joe Budden] Uh, uhh You could tell him that we best of friends or we just met Tell him that you hate my guts, that was just sex Could say we never kissed, those were just pecks Tell him put your phone down, that was just a text Or, tell him you cherish our bond on the weekly Or how you jump in my arms when you see me Tell him I threw on the charm, it was easy It's to the point now where your mom wanna meet me Tell him I think you're beautiful Tell him all the wild shit that I do to you Would he approve of that or would his world be shattered? And if you didn't care, would it really matter? Wait, could say it ain't the ride or the whips Just tell him it's the size of the ship Or, just tell him you was tired of his shit and I reminded you of how live it get [Joe Budden] Man, tell him you don't feel appreciated Tell him with me that's alleviated Incomparable, how I do things that he wouldn't dare to do or act like I ain't afraid to take it there with you Wait, as a matter of fact Tell him he could be mad at the fact You finally met a nigga that ain't mad at your past Or tell him he could be mad, it'll pass [Interlude] [SLV] You get his call and he asks what you doin Just say with your friends And while you on that phone waitin for him to hang up Girl I'll be there, ready to take over Your bo-dy's yearnin for what he can't give And I know just how y'all story gon' end Once I get in baby [SLV] Tell him you mourn him, tell him about me Tell him you can't see, your life without me Tell him he's dead now, all because I'm live Tell him it's wetter now, you love it when I'm inside Tell him you like your hair pulled, tell him you like my tongue there Tell him in detail, make sure you not unclear Cause he gotta knowwwwwww Cause he gotta knowwwwwwwww, somethin Ohhhhh, girl won't you tell him somethin~! [Outro: SLV] Something, ohhh-ohhhh Ohhhhhh ohh ohh ohhhh ohhhh, tell Tell him something, tell him something Just, tell him something Yeah, just tell him something Won't you tell, won't you tell him something? Something, something, something Girl won't you tell him something for me? No-no no no no no, tell him something No-no no no no no, tell him something Tell him something, something Tell him somethiiiiing Won't you tell him something baby? Won't you tell him something? Tell him something Won't you tell him something, something? Won't you tell him something babe? No no no, tell him something The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: No Love Lost Song: Runaway Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Joe Budden] Uh, I said all that I'll say, so I stand with no apologies I've popped all that I popped, wasn't too recently that it got to me Those of y'all that love Joe, got to admit the shit was a lot to see Today I take all of the credit like I did away with modesty I lost weight, lost faith, I got caught up in that vacuum My stomach turned and my eyes burned and I became best friends with the bathroom Today it takes all the strength I have inside for me to avoid the rush Face pokered over the toilet, all you hear is a royal flush Was under control, though they warned me about addiction Mind manifested again in the form of a prescription (talk to 'em) And it's funny what the affects of that little pill'll do Funny shit that keeps you alive could also kill you But it's my life, guess I'm stuck in it Sometimes I wan' just be normal like them other kids The demon I battle with every night is simply drugs and shit But I'll runaway from it all if God deems that I've had enough of it They said don't get lost, follow the leader And don't do that, be a believer When the sun goes down, you better hide It's a dangerous world, better stay inside And, run along, run along It's a long long way home from here Run along, run along It's a long long way home from here [Joe Budden] Uhh, it go, look How come they could roll? Y'all tell me how come they could smoke, they could drink? They get to do whatever they want and it don't interrupt the way they think They all get to be regular, why is it only me that's odd? Me who can't even stand up straight, me who can't even keep a job Maybe I'm askin for too much, a tiny piece of normalcy Or an answer to any one of my FUCKIN prayers that's askin what's wrong with me Maybe I'm tired of bein unique, tired of bein that outcast I'm tired of me bein the only one, so tired of y'all not knowin about that I'm tired of it all, want me to fall a spectacle, for the crowd to see Or bein the only one with faith, I'm tired of e'rybody doubtin me I'm tired of respondin to grown-ass folks that think so muh'fuckin childishly Aches, wish I could take my parents' genes the FUCK up out of me Tired of wantin to run somewhere, tired of havin to bear it all Tired of you FUCKS constantly takin from me and I'm willin to share it all Tired of bein objective (uh) I'm tired of havin to hear it all But bein alone's the only way I know to never be near it all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: No Love Lost Song: My Time Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Joe Budden] The alternate route is a long one But ultimately in the end it gets you to the same exact destination Yessir~! The journey's been long And the wins have been short But today, none of that matters [Joe Budden] The time is now, zoom, get close The ego is gone, the room is for growth The talent is there, the feelin is new I mean, bottom is gone but the ceiling is too I was higher than Whitney, headed toward the top again E'rything I write crack like it's with a +Bobby+ pen/pin But it's more than what you hear in a song The wings are extended, the fear is gone Hold up, the clips are loaded, safety is off The business is in the black, I ain't takin a loss Hold up, standards are high, hoes never hold out The tourin is cool, the shows always sold out The foes are mad, but fuck it no one else cares The kicks are custom, you'll never see 'em elsewhere The stakes are high, the risk is crucial And they love to hate me, but I love it when they do too [Chorus: Joe Budden] I've been waiting here for so long Gotta take what's mine Since time will never wait Who am I to stand up fate? It's my time... It's my time... It's my time [Joe Budden] Look, I've been hurt, I could pull up scars Now the Earth is my pull-up bar The journey was long, the roads were slim Though I thank God today I probably owe it to sin Uh, streets were hungry, I was torn apart Even though them jails were cold they warmed my heart Was livin the worst but prayed for the best Ain't have a thing given to me, had to rape success Had to be used for approval, had to use whatever was useful Had to act old even when youthful Money don't make me, that ain't what I'd kill for Cause I was richer than I'd ever been, and was still poor Some never thought he would propel Some talked to me just to speak to themselves Some broke they arm all while reachin for wealth So when you come in the game make sure you leave with yourself Joey [Joe Budden] We all got demons, a few I rivaled Looked 'em in the eye and they became suicidal They thought it couldn't happen, they were too prideful His head's an ornament on the wall as proof I survived you Bills were high, money was low Strip club was poppin, wasn't money to go Goin nowhere fast, but drugs was a one stop Couldn't shine sellin that tan, I had my sun blocked Now I'm on acres, the house, and a loft The women are foreign, their blouses are off It's a whole new me, I redefined my style And since yesterday's gone I guess the time is now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: No Love Lost Song: No Love Lost (Outro) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Joe Budden] Mic check, mic check, one-two, one-two Made a lot of mishaps, lot of mistakes, lot of missteps Grown shit though is when you can recognize that And I recognize that, and real recognize that Talk to 'em Last word, check it [Joe Budden] Unbeatable force, insurmountable object Bull should've known better than countin me out, I'm from the projects So if I ever do it for greed indeed somethin is wrong Prepare for the future, 'member I used to get heat from the oven on They wanted to see Budden gone, fiend out on sour But nobody helped put Budden on, had to bring my own power So, I'm havin a private party, that only myself attends And if the DJ plays the song to my soul it'll give itself a cleanse They tellin me all the pain I ever felt was self-infringed But I had help from friends, one even held the syringe Architect of my own path, like to think it's designed the best Defied the odds, I never aged while givin time a test Known niggaz on house arrest, I'm on a minor rest You tryin to call me or text me don't even bother, I'm tryin to give mine a rest I got a treasure but its content is invisible Was filled before with shit that I thought I treasured but made me miserable My affairs together, here forever, yeah I'm back to work Learned in order to lose love, probably gotta have it first Uh, here we go (OH!) Life's a crap shoot, my dice are loaded, ain't no stoppin me Most interestin man, a hard place is between a rock and me I'm torn within, and my eyes are heavy I'm born again, just means I died already Means I survived already, so FUCK they want with me? World been against me so long misery hates my company Isolated my whole life, not many know who Joseph is In order to reciprocate love you gotta notice it You gotta recognize it, gotta feel it first Gotta be let inside it, feel its hurt and then kneel to its worst If you contain it don't hide it, gotta reveal it first And when you think you hit rock bottom gotta feel it worse Or, my rule book is just dated And for you to truly appreciate it you gotta at least be hated Momma I made it, if anyone knows my way was hard They prayed for my downfall on deaf ears, I was prayin to God So God, I loved love 'til it resented me And if it's still a stranger then I love who it pretends to be [Outro: Joe Budden] Uhh, no love lost, no love found They found a little bit though, taha I don't know where they found it out, but it was there So I guess the moral of the story is as you mature so will it Just gotta find it, tah One~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Fabolous, Tank, Twista Album: No Love Lost Song: She Don't Put it Down (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Joe Budden] Huh-uh, uhh Shorty old news though (remix) Taha, yesterday's paper Check this, uh (uhh) [Joe Budden] Baby like it raw, I don't even waste a Magnum on her Clean up amazing, I appreciate the fashion on her Bad than a muh'fuck, ain't too many passin on her Only right I pick her up the way she got a wagon on her When I'm on that road don't hit them bops when I'm in town Not unless it's for the threesome, if it's poppin she'll be down Know these other jokers be starin but'll stop when I'm around First to get inside them jeans, she be hoppin up and down Let the world know that she ride, they think eventually we'll break up And I love it when we argue cause eventually we make up I mean - we fight and fuck, we fuck and fight We fuck some more, e'ry fuckin night Shape great, taste great, body softer than cashmere And anytime her checks drop she know that she could crash here Them other broads is other broads, all of them is last year Can't get mad, I'm just statin facts here Word~! [Chorus: Tank] She don't put it down like you, down-down like you (she know) Down-down like you (she know) down-down like you (she know) She don't put it down like you, down-down like you (she know) Down-down like you (she know) down-down like you (she know) She don't put it down like you, girl you workin with the killer Ain't nobody fuckin with ya She don't put it down like you, down-down like you (she know) Down-down like you (she know) down-down like you (she know) She don't put it down like you [Fabolous] Hey you gotta make you next move your best move, right? That's what I be tellin her, haha That boy 'Loso Joe, what's up boy? Never trippin off the past, I would rather never mind 'em Cause only fools trip over somethin that be behind 'em And yesterday is history, tomorrow's a mystery She here at the present time, it feel like a gift when she put it down, down, all the way, down You could get, down, but can you stay, down? Shout out to the ladies with yo' down asses That keep a tight circle and them round asses (nice) At the crib it's just us nigga Fuck me so good make me not trust niggaz That's my shit, I'm over-protected You want that good shit you know where yo' connect live Told my ex don't be bitter, be better I'll replace her before I re-gret her Texts now and then that question how I've been The hook sound like a message I would send [Twista] Twista~! A down girl I remember when I used to bag up in the basement with her With the attraction of a Michael Jackson swag, but in this case a +Thriller+ And she was a wolf not in sheep's clothin, but a grey chinchilla Even though I found another assassin that could never be yo' replacement killer When I got up in her it was kinda good to me but I know that she don't put it down like you Cut from the bottom and you up when you rock when on top cause ain't nobody around like you Pull it back to me and I'm all up in it fully when I'm holdin a palm full of hair Then I lay you back in missionary position and give it to you good with your Lou' Vuittons in the air Got a bad new bitch, but she don't be trippin or cuss with them flaws But she don't be doin the way you be doin it when you be workin them walls I'm bumpin some {?} I'm fuckin her good, but then you would go frontin Steady cuttin with the bitches all on me cause I'm with Joe Budden, the one hoes wantin I'll put you in the category of somebody that'll give it to me good but'll work a nigga nerves Individual and never particular but I'll never be with her so I'ma kick her to the curb I got a new woman and though I be buildin her up to be better than you She fine but don't know how to throw it back, so she can never be you [Bridge: Tank] I done put another in your space Damned if they do, it's been hard to replace I just want the same judge sittin on the case She gon' hate, but she know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem, Slaughterhouse, Yelawolf Album: 2011 BET Hip Hop Awards Song: Shady 2.0 Cypher Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Eminem] Welcome to Detroit This is the BET, Shady 2.0, Cypher, 2011 Myself, Slaughterhouse, and Yelawolf White dawg (thank you cracker) get 'em! [Yelawolf] Put these {motherfuckers} in a box and I'll, send 'em away, put 'em in a gray 'llac and pop the trunk, hey throw 'em in the back jack, I'll dig 'em a grave Put a brick inside that Xerox when I print 'em a page Movin ki's I can't relate, cause I live in a cage I throw up the A, I'll take 'em to school, I'll give 'em a grade An +Eazy E+ for effort, that's WWA White With an Attitude, alphabet soup is on my plate All I got is Z's, they sleepin on me, I can't get 'em awake I spoon-feed 'em the sound in a room full of deceivers and clowns who believe they makin it rain cause all they see is the clouds And I watch from the couch of the V.I.P. like a potato with a bunch of meatheads like {fuck} it, I'll just feed 'em a cow Plenty of white boys to pick from this year But before you pick a pepper, you better pick up your heater Cause even Peter Piper could pick up a mic but what's like to pick a fight with me is like puttin Nikes on a cheetah Better speed up, or at least in my case Adidas I'm out this bitch drinkin Sprite by the 2-liter Holler, Shady Records (uhh) [Budden] Nah I need the scratch to get me amped [Eminem] Aiyyo wait wait wait wait wait wait, okay go, yeah yeah [Budden] I'm 'bout to get 'em, I'm 'bout to get 'em right [Eminem] Wait wait, okay [Joe Budden] Yo, say I'm from the new school, I'ma say check your tone and watch your mouth If they +Teachin How to Dougie+, I'm condonin droppin out Forced a while - y'all birthed me and gave me up I just perfected bein hip-hop's foster child Now check it, don't blame y'all for bein trash fans are coppin it The radios, the crime scene, the masses are the hostages In my youth I'd throw shots, the fag was dodgin it I'm grown, I ain't +Watchin the Throne+, I'm sabotagin it You see that four-headed monster in the storm loom Snipe 'em from a distance, the scope got a long zoom You Super Mario thugs is in the wrong room Gotta figure here you won't get bigger if you on 'shrooms Was left to me I'd revive what the game be 'bout I'da took the +Wine+ outta Amy 'house Enough raps from you scrub cats 'bout cockin a snub back Wayne couldn't teach me +How to Love+ that But I got this shit from uptown, she my summer bunny Both parents broke but she come/cum from money Think my bread is her paper to burn So I lock her out, and now she doubt David is +Stern+ She's so bad, I make her hit the telly from a taxi then dead her in that Holiday Inn, learned that from Max B That's why the haters every kind'll wanna send me llamas I made it right before they eyes like I was Benihana's Is it me or is what I'm hearin is pitiful? Airwaves the same, now the stereo's typical My skin thick so the critics ignored So unafraid to die you'd think I did it before The boy's Rodman with the trash talk, Magic or Ward With the black ball way I bounce off the ass forward would cap whores Blast y'all, hoodie and mask will be the black foot with no passport Body be found in the mansion in one of my trap doors If punks had awards your status whore is categor' Probably be that of awards 'tween Michael Rapaport or Kenny Lattimore I know hip-hop's alive and well If it died you other crews wouldn't survive the smell [Royce] Ladies and gentlemen [Crook] You scared now? [Shady] Make that face at 'em dawg! [Royce] Crooked I, get 'em! [Crooked I] I spot a victim, the plot'll thicken when the clock is tickin I caught him slippin, I gotta give him a shot, I hit him with proper spittin, hottest writtens in composition So competition's a contradiction, somebody mention they got it crooked, highly fiction, we probably different Got Gotti henchmen, opposition I body quick as Bugatti engines I'm on a mission to get, richer The sickest lyric kickin, diggin a ditch for different spitters Weak lyricists get disfigured, sip liquor Spit like a sick mixture of Notorious, Pun and L; get the +Big+ picture? The poster, I'll roast ya My mind's so deadly it's just like the beanie is close to a holster It's over, control my whole coastal region  like I'm supposed ta, flow is goin postal even Open season, heart close to freezin +Ruthless+ as Eazy nigga, approach I'm squeezin Believe me, dopest West Coaster breathin So most ya hope I'm vegan, nope I'm beefin Rappers need to keep it trill, gimme a beat to kill Too many people still eatin sleepin pills, people sleepin on my ether skills And y'all ain't even real - you 'bout to die in the cypher Before you die you should do the Jada and leave a +Will+ For real [Joell Ortiz] (Yaowa) I ain't a rap dude, I'm a dude who rap Before this I was movin crack Them killers y'all become when y'all rhyme I salute and dap And if I blink then remove your snaps You ain't cool you wack, with y'all foolish act Skinny jeans don't mean yo' ass shoot, it means your booty claps Haha, don't play like Tyler Perry This the Slaughter-House of Pain, flow brown, tight and heavy When it come to sixteens I'm a fiend Seen in a studio, near a needle with a mean lean Probably writin bars to Nas' "Thief's Theme" Gettin my yaowa on, they all these Olajuwon's, we the Dream Team This is an all day slaughter They fiendin for us to break like Beyoncé's water The four quarters doin all the eatin And y'all gotta know why I made the cut, I'm Puerto Rican Ortiz keep the fire ready And tryin to put me out's like tryin to steal a transvestite from Eddie Hahaha [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, I'm do or die dope And you can make the sticker sittin on the door of that Phantom your suicide note Hi Rihanna.. is Nicki livin wit'chu? Let me know so I can buy binoculars and telescopes Hi Rihanna.. I don't need to know you better You tell me you love my music again, we go together Bye Rihanna.. now back to y'all fools We rock out like the outside of a guitar school Thousand dollar frames I prefer to see the world through Don't ask me nothin 'bout Budden, I {beat} my girl too You ask me why do I keep her I say it's cheaper to That's why I ride around in the Rolls like Wiz Khalifa do Rappers I'm your daddy, I'll tell you straight as this You don't kill but your father +Will+ like Jayden Smith I'll tell you like I tell my Spanish chick You fly but I ain't goin down on no landing strip So get your wax on like Daniel-san Now I'ma have to run like De La Hoya in drag when cameras come Point out the greatest rapper alive I'll head shot him Smack his girl on the butt and buy her some Red Bottom Bring every deceased rapper back to see his wife while I'm cyber sexin with Jessica Alba, via Skype I'm on my D-boy, Deebo thing Spiritual steelo, swing like Cee-Lo Green Get out the camera with your B-roll bling, you know your flow is wack We cornered market like a Walmart in a cul-de-sac Yeah, this what two millions singles sold and the album that's gold look like, without havin to sell your soul Nickel [Shady] Wait, can I rap? [Joe B] You the boss, you better get 'em [Shady] Me rap? [Joe B] Represent [Eminem] Aiyyo, lyrical miracle spiritual individual criminal Subliminal, in your swimmin pool (OOOOOOOOOH!) (Yo yo yo, yo, c'mon man kick that shit I wrote you) You 'bout to see peace destroyed, it'll never be restored When I unleashed these beastly hordes on your CD stores Wanna stop it? You gon' need a priest, at least three swords A +License to Ill+ from the Beastie Boys, three Ouija boards and a squeegee and please be warned, don't ask what the squeegee's for Or the holy water, acid rap that'll eat these floors Eat a hole in the rhyme book, you see these horns? And as for me you ask when I'm gone, "Will he be mourned?" ... Is puke lukewarm? Should Casey Anthony do porn?  Can that chick fit a newborn dead baby inside a frickin shoebox with a shoe horn smothered in chloroform so she can go get her groove on? Can she duct tape and velcro a fetus? Joell yo, tell Joe I need his empty box from his old shelltoe Adidas So I can put these babies in the fetal position They gettin elbows to the penis, yeah big deal I took some little kid's big wheel and spit in his frickin big kid's meal Quit tryna bite me and pinch you wench, sit still Did you just put your 6-inch heel through my Benz windshield?! ... Is it dust we 'bout to kick up? Can Yelawolf fit a fifth of rum in a big cup between the stick shift in his frickin pick-up and drink like a hick, redneck, hillbilly will 'til he gets hiccups? Flippin the script up like Mike Vick gettin bit in his junk by a Pit, yup, I'm a sick pup I'd be a horrible magician, cause I'll {fuck} a trick up Fix your lips up to say somethin fly, or zip up A-B? Let's C/see You said you're gonna do X-Y-Z 'til you {fuck} around and get dropped like an E, when you add an I-N-G Don't put a K in front of that though, when I emcee/M-C Cause I'm not the king of this microphone booth, it's more like a phone booth Superman in this bitch, kryptonite won't do That gives me more power I bump the Fat Boys and, eat rat poison, take meteor showers Fresh out of the mental hospital And me not flossin a middle finger while I hop in a moshpit'll be like Nas doin gospel or  R&B, you crazy? Me pushin up daisies, that thought is impossible as if flashin across the news Posdnous was caught with a prostitute with a huge johnson, boobs and monstrous tube  of lube, and a bra, some boots and panties and an aqua blue Mazda swallowin a popsicle, playin tonsil pool So kill the rumors, it ain't happenin I'ma rap 'til I'm fossil fuel The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Better Off Without You 12" Song: Better Off Without You Typed by: tasheeta@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Joe Budden] You was the one baby girl I never been so sure ya skin so pure, the type men go for The type, they drive the Benz slow for The type they be beepin the horn rollin down the windows for BUT! had to break up, I had to leave you It was some things you needed to learn that I couldn't teach you And those words musta hurt but if you can't trust me, how am I supposed to trust it'll work? like I can't teach you to stand right beside me or the priveleges that come with that title "wifey" it's highly unlikely, and I'm concerned myself I can't teach you you that bitch, you gotta learn it yourself And I can't teach you swagger, can't you attitude can't teach you to talk, if its a problem get at your dude we both got some things thats upsettin us If you don't hear from me, know I'm somewhere reppin us problems lets squash it, its senseless dont wanna end up lovin ma from a distance we goin do it like uuuggghhh [Chorus - repeat 2X] I don't ever wanna do this thing without you but I'm starting to feel that maybe I'll be better off without you baby (no matter what we went through see no matter what we went through, we gon' do it like...) [Joe Budden] What about the months that I left, am I seein it right? And is this really how she acts without me in her life? How could you have that fag on top of you touchin you like only I used to like only I'm used to And I'm tryna figure it out, but you can't help me how you naked 'round duckboy, you can't tell me pictures still in my mind, of THIS nigga feelin ya behind am I supposed to still feel like it's mine? ANd you tense when you by me You in the shower cryin tryna rub his prints off yo' body cause you feel nasty, and thats sad to see but if that got you feelin that bad then imagine me knowin I'm a step ahead of these cats And you tryin to force yaself to love dude ma you better than that tryna force him on you cause I took a step back from us like "chill" THAT was for us to build THAT was for us it's real lets squash it its senseless, don't wanna end up lovin ma from a distance we goin do it like ugggghhh [Joe Budden] Now you got some new men in ya life, some new friends in ya life that you act different wit but baby girl thats not the chic that I'm gettin wit You not the same as you was, maybe cause ya life changed from what it was havin you around ballplayers, wines gettin finer now you eat sushi, no more diner now you at a bench, short skirts and eyeliner You industry now, everything's designer things changed everythings designed to but maybe that life's not you and I'm the only thing that reminds ya say you love me but did you call me no So is it really really love or am I all that you know? cause you quick to tell a kid to never call you again with that said how can I call you a friend or anything more? how can I see us havin anything more If its that easy what we go through anything for? or..problems lets squash it its senseless dont wanna end up lovin ma from a distance UGGGGHHH The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Big Shot (G-Unit Diss) 12" Song: Big Shot (G-Unit Diss) Typed by: PuertoRicanKid61@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Joe Budden] Okay Thugs... It's...It's...It's (What?) It's that on Top Music You had to be a big Shot, Didn't Ya'? Had to open up Ya' Mouth You had to be a big Shot, Didn't Ya'? Had to prove it to the crowd Had to Have the last word that Night You Know what everything's about You had to be a big Shot, Didn't Ya'? You had to be a big Shot, Didn't Ya'? [Verse 1] Yeah Yeah, It's Ya' Boy Boy, Listen to 'em I think maybe the steroids is finally gettin' to him Or maybe it's people Believing all the Hard raps Or maybe it's the tank top with the Bra Straps Maybe he's really beleiving he's a thieve'n like the dude he stole his name from Dude ain't the same none Nothing's hardbody about him, He's like Puddin' So can't we all beat off all his white Goodmen Now I can and just wait till his team dissolve Or I can go and get ya thick (Broad) No Screens involved I get you offed for a clip, No fiends involved or we can take it one further, get queens invovled Where they know he never went to Jail, Never over a banger He went to bootcamp, not in pop with the Gansgters Sorta' like Yayo who stayed in D.C and you can ask anybody up in D.C But I guess he's a tought guy now, The Kids Free but doing that kind of Jail time is easy but it's not beneath me, Really I gives a fuck I could put the whole Unit on the next Nip & Tuck (But!) to keep his dudes in cheek, I keep it real with him punched banks in the face and he still with 'em Don't worry 'bout me putting clips in the forty to pistol whip Lloyd when fifty'll do it for me You had to be a big Shot, Didn't Ya'? Had to open up Ya' Mouth You had to be a big Shot, Didn't Ya'? Had to prove it to the crowd Had to Have the last word that Night You Know what everything's about You had to be a big Shot, Didn't Ya'? You had to be a big Shot, Didn't Ya'? [Verse 2] Far as the kid game, he lame to say the least mad he from the west, so he diverted to the East All he talk about, Him and his Man that'll blast pounds but when you see him, He just dancing in the Background I tore Game apart thought by now the asswhole would have a change a heart Especially since I got the tape of this GANGSTA on change of Heart Teary eyed cause his shorty had a change of Heart But I smell something fishy, there's a con in the Air Slacks, His tongue pierced, Streaks Blonde in his Hair Who's he Playing With? Keep saying shit And ya' body will take the same tour Reagan's did Still trying to get a buzz, Embarassed, The Kid's Hurtin' Reachin', He's losin' his head, He's Nick Birkman And far as Banks & Buck, I'm done duscussing 'em (Why?) I only beef with Nigga's who own Publishing Curtis you a bum, and you almost done Same artist you dissing exactly's what become Saw him at Summer Jam, and all he did was stare Walked on stage, all you heard was Chairs/ Cheers (Man, Ya'll don't get it) Don't be Singin' No More, You a queen, No More And he can't even step foot in queens no more Selling his soul, Banks, Don't be proud of Ya' Father Now we all see the  You had to be a big Shot, Didn't Ya'? Had to open up Ya' Mouth You had to be a big Shot, Didn't Ya'? Had to prove it to the crowd Had to Have the last word that Night You Know what everything's about You had to be a big Shot, Didn't Ya'? You had to be a big Shot, Didn't Ya'? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Musiq Soulchild Album: Cold World 12" Song: Cold World Typed by: akatruballer@hotmail.com You are now listening to The Growth (haha) Let me talk to them... [Verse 1] See I was always looking for an out Knew what I ain't want to be about Ain't want to fall victim to the trials 'Street Dreams' like Fab, but not dreams like that  Cuz even his is better than the dreams I've had They say you are where you're from, maybe to some But I won't let a nigga label me slum and make me succumb If I'm a grown ass man with no job, no money, that would make me a bum It's not o.k. with me none It's what they called me, I hated that y'all Wasn't a 'College Dropout,' at least Kanye made it that far Sixth grade parted ways, like later with that y'all I was bought up with it, wasn't no paper in that, naw Pulled a few capers, that came to a stop When I realized that ain't no bigger gang than the cops Break tail, I can rebel and blast a shot  Cuz jail's a revolving door, but the caskets not (ya herd)  [Chorus: Musiq Soulchild] Cuz everyday, of my life (yea)  I've tried so hard to get right (talk to them) But nothing seems to matter when you  Got so much comming at you (oh) In this world they say, just be strong  But it ain't easy when you hurt so long  And it's a shame  Nothings changed no matter how far you go  In this cold cold world...  [Verse 2]  O.k., now we got little brothers that wanna deal on the strip (cold, cold world) Or we got little sisters that feel they gotta strip  Swinging on the pole have us feening over tits And a lot of us horny niggas, we ain't even gonna tip BUT! Nothings wrong with it at all, I respect it But we always take something short term and try to stretch it Breads gonna G a lot of niggas when they learn it fast Money comes fast and it leaves a lot quicker Nigga, we in a place that's to every extreme And a place where niggas die over the pettiest things And it seems to been deterrent shit  Cuz we don't carry guns to kill now, niggas carry burners to live So, God it's me a-gain, our father who art in Heaven Hollow be thy name, pray them hollows never hit my frame Everyday I'm around it Everyday I'm surrounded Everyday I try to say grounded in this cold, cold world  [Verse 3]  We living in a place where niggas tooling each other Where the President and terrorists are cool with each other Sending millions in the war make us do it with each other Hit Bin Laden on his cell like 'I got them making fools of each other' Got us in a hold, pigeon Why I can't talk to niggas, that's just so indignant People are so ignorant Till a wise man sat me down, like 'Joe listen'  You can't 'conversate' with a nigga with no diction  And I don't watch the news (nah) I don't wanna hear about another kidnapped and another kid clapped And moms killing her seed, got another kid trapped  In the car gasping like, ah So you clowns can run around with your pounds and your war stories But I ain't choose to be hood, shit was forced on me It's not what I endorse homey  Cuz I know that's where they wanna keep us, stop us from being leaders (you know) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Cradle 2 The Grave Soundtrack Song: Drop Drop Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Uh huh, yeah Uh huh, yeah Oh no (louder) oh no (louder) Uh huh, uh huh (Drop drop) - my homies that ride chromies let it (Pop pop) - at the bar Budden them bottles and them (Shots shots) - my ladies it's all gravy if you (Hot hot) then come back to the (spot spot) and maybe we can (Bone bone) - know that we chilling, she something shaking in her (Thong thong) - gangsta gangsta, paper paper (Long long) - and for my riders all over Now you know we wanna hit it hit it Don't stop, get it get it [Verse] Sick wit it, I keep paper around me So I know that everybody got the vapors around me See me in a big truck thin rubber riding 2 Way and a broad, and got 10 others squatting Cause I know Cal broads act up man So 'cha man man gotta keep a back up plan Not a dance floor nucka [nigga] I'm take em home get em to drop they pants And gross nucka till the (drip drip) No you not my wife no you can't handle my (kid kid) I'm just trying to put in your (rib rib) Through Cheetah, we in the four door Beem Not like the two door like the kid only got a few divas Drive wit my knees, seat recline While she leaned over giving me a piece of her mind I be sizing em up from they thighs and above Holla at me if you wanna come and ride wit a thug, yeah! [Bridge] All my ladies if you riding! Then you know to skip the shotgun and bag the one driving All my nuckas if you riding! Don't trip plenty cash if she stingy wit ass [Verse] Yo boy got a street chick Rocks Chanelle she focused ('focused man') Stay wit a bag of fine and no elder rolling (uh) She just one of my dames, gotta stay cool Everything I got is under her name, it's on! (top top) And I'm the same dude came up from the (block block) I'm doing it baby I can't (stop stop) In my rear view I'm getting tailed by the (cops cops) Clean but kit got me looking like I'm (hot hot) I ain't on the (streets streets) dawg Just trying to (eat eat) So fall back jerk, cop I ain't (beat beat) Can't miss me, I'm the guy in the V-Tweezy And that dime you was hollering at, she's wit me in the [Verse] Chicks wit nice bodies, whip be wide body Backseat emtpy, clips can ride shotty, We gon' (ride ride) See yo boy getting a million We ain't merking it, Nathan had they missing a ceiling And, could catch me spendning time at the bar You like your water frozen, dawg I like mine in a jar We get it (crunk crunk) y'all hear the system out in the (trunk trunk) Thump thump Budden be giving you what you want now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Busta Rhymes, Redman Album: Fire (Yes Yes Y'all Remix) 12" Song: Fire (Yes Yes Y'all Remix) Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com [Intro: Joe Budden] (Redman) Let me just make this statement (uh!) Loud and clear - Jersey's here (yeah!) Some dude's got problems wit me Over there - I ain't care Some people see me creep (Jersey!) They mack all type - that's alright You know I slurp my drink (Brick City!) I'm clipped inside - kids aight (Just Blaze!) [Verse: Joe Budden] Yes y'all it's the one and only (what else?) And I came to have fun, here homie (what else?) And I came wit a ton of money (but!) Don't get it twisted the gun is on me (now) This chick's wit her man frontin on me I'll holla at her when she done wit homie Cause, Jump Off I got a ton of grown freaks One named Tasha, one named Monique One's diva'd out, keep her make-up tight She got her good heels on wit her Jacob ice And ma love to club, so she stay up nice And she give me brains just the way I like! One's real ghetto, don't give a reason She knows I'm not her man, she don't riff bout cheating Joey only go to her crib on weekends Real real late when the kids are sleeping 'Tis the season, no more BS music Watch and learn, see us do this Geeks here's new shit Playboy I keep exclusives to make dudes see less units (c'mon!) [JB:] Uhh [RM:] Watch me get it cracking! [JB:] Uhh [RM:] Bitch I get it cracking! [JB:] Uhh [RM:] Fuck y'all I'm a get it cracking! [JB:] Uhh [RM:] Jersey gon' get it cracking! [Girl:] Just slide, get down (Yeah!)   Everybody to the flow just slide (Chill Town)   Get down (Brick City!) everybody to the flow [Verse: Joe Budden] Yes yes y'all who ain't believe me? Don't be fooled it ain't this easy All y'all so 'n so's shamed, that cheesy You wonder why people don't go and spend they change on a weekly (But) Who's fly in rap? I in fact By myself, no one behind the attack And fuck Sound Scan, I ain't BUYING that Cause y'all sell em to the stores then buy 'em back Now one hot storm, we'll fly and rap If the rest of you provide is wack I see creativity dying fast I'm glad producers charge so high for they tracks (tell em why though) Now they do it all, you just applying the rap Honestly now, it's not the economy's down Now rap dudes suck they own pee hole The wacker the music the bigger the ego Fans left suffering, gasping! And it's embarassing! Jump Off I'm the aspirin I'm still hungry, I'm still fasting Y'all fade out, I'm just getting it cracking [Verse: Busta Rhymes] Guess who's coming? It be the God of the flows It be the God of the spitting It be the God of the blows You'll be black and blue up your shit And probably swell up your nose Lotta bitches love when I spit so let me dazzle you hoes Let me prazzle your head, do and skidattle wit Joe And get a stack of that money and get a stack of the 'dro Better back it up money before they crack through the dome I got a pack of them niggaz that leave a crack in yo skull HOLD UP!! ... see I ain't finished wit y'all Before I diminish let me handle my business wit y'all Watching you niggaz, you shook! all you looking all nervous Maybach infront the club, parked crooked on purpose Now ladies my Mercedes Maybach Probably hold six in the back and three if ya fat Probably hold more in the back if they sit on the lap I gotta go and move to the party to see where it's at [Outro: Busta Rhymes] Can't stop won't stop Rock it to the rhythm Cause we - ah get down Cause we - ah get down Cause we - ah get down Joe Budden, Busta Bus Cause we - ah get down And we seeing that There's some hoes in this house There's some hoes in this house Light that 'dro in tha house Smoke that 'dro in tha house Bring that doe in this house Bring that doe in this house Where dem hoes in this house? Where dem hoes in this house? Where my niggaz at? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ LL Cool J, Queen Dutchess Album: Focus (Remix) 12" Song: Focus (Remix) Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Joe Budden] Ok, haha (let's do it) Let's rock and rip AIYOO!! (Jump Off) Let's do it like, we gon' do it like Rock, rip it AIYOO!! AIYOO! (yeah) AIYOO! Rock and rip it let's go! You know I had to do one right? AIYOO! Fa' sho [Verse: Joe Budden] Still on my grind homie The top pick you right pie homie Long John weather ducking one time homie Dealt wit the nine chromie and the 4-4 old Need something to blast off by remote control let's go! No burger fool the pimp game is all crunk (LL: like a 70's movie) Yeah! lil' lady wanna peel that whip Can't even let you shotgun it wit a heel that thick Ma! wanted foreplay I showed her the realest She asked me to go downtown I drove to the village you know! Half a Belve' baboo gets nada I repeated myself for it, but you ain't swallow Breathe! come on boo stop the bullquick Get your head down, DUCK like you doding bullets AIYOO! On the low now, remix, it's about to go down ladies [QD:] Ladies! if you focused man   Would you please rock wit it if you overstand Joe! [JB:] Get focused man cause whether H2 or Rover man   We do enough AIYOO! [LL:] Uh! if you focused man   Would you please rock wit it if you overstand, uh! [JB:] Sing the track now, pause [QD:] Stop playing man bring it back now [Verse: LL Cool J] WHOO! I like the way that sounds The moaning and the groaning L holding it down Until the box wouldn't drowned Yo actresses bouncing off matresses (QD: look at how fat this is!) Perfect to practice wit, matter of fact we get Even more elaborate, flows immaculate Who can touch us? the Grand Sire getting cheddar wit my (QD: Young Queen Dutchess) She on fire! Low puches, eat em up school lunches I changed the game I got em doing stomach crunches I rearranged and repaid my lane Bounced off the guard rail speeding in the rain and (JB: crashed back in the game) (QD: you know LL flames) Focused like the +Red Dragon+ on +Hannibal's+ brain Got them H2 Hummers for the summers no game I'm rich already I'm just a luggin brigade [QD:] Ladies! if you focused man   Would you please rock wit it if you overstand Joe! [JB:] Get focused man cause whether hoopty or chaffeur man   We do enough AIYOO! [LL:] Uh! if you focused man   Would you please rock wit it if you overstand, uh! [JB:] Sing the track now, pause [QD:] Stop playing man bring it back now [Verse: Queen Dutchess] (LL Cool J) When Dutch pull up to the club in the CL snug Don't worry bout the details love (uh uh) So much glow they think I'm radioactive First single drop radio-active (yeah yeah) Just remember I'm the chick that don't let the track live Dudes'll hear the flow and forget I'm attractive (never) Wit LL standing close the Dutch hit it out the park like Sammy Sosa (Joey go again!) [Verse: Joe Budden] (LL Cool J) OG watch me thug you Hepher (Easy Joe I'll show you how to 'Luv Em Better' ya know) Jump Off I don't love em at all I knock em down at the crib drop em back at the mall (it's like that) Stand out for your chain won't you go untold Now cheatings alright long as I don't go broke (whoa) Sing the track now, pause (QD: stop playing man bring it back now) Friday - I ain't gotta tuck the Eagle Cause I'm sliding in the back door just ta vinyl Saturday - we white tee, your man'll get tied up Later rolling pimp wit some girly and plan to rock Sunday - Sunday I'm catching flight on a broad She looked way better the night before it was kinda dark AIYOO! Sing the track now pause... ok [Outro] (ad-libs to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Game Over (white label) 12" Song: Game Over (G-Unit Diss) Typed by: powers8806@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist {*Beat to DOC's "Funky Enough" starts*} [Joe Budden] Ohh! Oh yeah you fuckin faggot (okay) (Haha) You fuckin' faggot, Game You only a replacement till' Yayo come home, nigga Game Over nigga This not real, only got 8 months before The 5 Hearbeat run is over nigga Stop that singin' shit, and you better be over Faggot [Joe Budden] Dude wanna be Dre, Ren Ice Cube or Eazy But, you ain't them aight dude? Believe me Say I'm tight trash all thanks to ghostwrite But then you sound like Fab, get a sound like BLAT! Not real, never heard a sound like that He's a bitch, probly sleep in a gown and nightcap Got a big chrome friend that I tuck along with me And a grown gat since you like +suckin on 50's+ You's not Big and Pac, not East vs. West Nigga, this is least vs. best Wack west nigga from a sideblock, meanwhile Get dude to fill an iPod with just freestyles Let's do the math You ain't sold shit, and I sold 500K more than that Heard your diss track,but I ain't even play on that Because I just seen dude, and he ain't say all that In the same hotel, if dude wanted to do me I'd have been Cassidy, gave him the room key Got the guns and the vest out that I planted And Game woulda had his chest out like Janet! That's what I mean, dude's on that tough shit Image for the public, believe none of it Scared to speak street cuz he scared so he dap on some love shit Then get in the booth on some thug shit (naw) Go and put you in a verse Nigga, this 4 will put you in a hearse Now the ganj will put you in the dirt Cuz guns is like soap on a rope, it took a fag to start usin' 'em first A to the K, Jim to the starr Wanna play God (?) say BLAM! nigga, limp to your car This fag can't be for real, he gettin' at me? He 'gone need more than a shield and big Macky (So) Next time don't be a coward about it Just get loud with this crowd to show everybody you bout it Mr G-G-G-G-G, stop that Homes, you only known for 5 Heartbeat hooks and gettin' popped at (c'mon") See no evil, I hear the people They ask and I tell 'em I got your career on TiVo And if the song sells, and you gone be poppin' them thangs Maybe you could tell Jimmy he can stop callin scame I'm just tryin to save your rep Your not a rapper, you asked, they gat like you gone save the West I doubt that, not him You need help, is Dre gone put him on the shelf? Better learn from Rakim So when I see you also, we can let the glocks blow Come through Jersey, or I'll meet you as Roscoes Another fake thugs gets killed 100 red dots on you if you wanna be a blood for real, mu' fucka [Joe Budden] Yeah! And that's it man Game fuckin' over, I ain't gone keep doin this shit back and forth 50 stop sendin' your lil' fuckin wack ass pawns and come holla at a real nigga man The nigga's ass, fuck him, fuck Game, fuck Banks, Buck and any of them other niggaz Curtis tryin' to send over this way Fuck the whole mother fuckin' G-Unit, a.k.a. the mother fuckin 5 Heartbeats Fuckin' Banks, Buck, Yayo, Game and fuckin' Curtis, the singin' ass nigga NICE LIKE THIS! haha Fuck outta here man You know where I'm at, and you know where to get at me, nigga And I heard the lil slick shit in the beginning of your shit bout you gone punch niggaz in the face and all that you was real polite when I see you And tell Mya I say wuddup I'mma save that lil trick from you tryin' to holla back in this YEAH!, game over maggot. YES! One {*music fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Nate Dogg Album: Gangsta Party 12" Song: Gangsta Party Typed by: Dagrowth@tmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Joe Budden] AYOOOOOOOOOO!!!! [Chorus 1: Nate Dogg] Come quick, see If you have a way wit' me I know you wanna play me All night, night, niiiiiiiiight Girl look, see Everything in the club is free That's how it is when you wit' an O.G Wit' big money Girl we gon' leave Right after this party [Verse 1: Joe Budden] 1, 2, 3 and to the fo' Tell me what's good y'all its ya boy Joe No need to answer y'all already know Plenty fifths of Vodka, few jars of dro I give a fuck if they play this on the radio G'z in the buildin its all gravy though I jus came for a lil bit fellatio Cause 25 to 1 is the ratio Got cops outside, "Like nah this can't be" No need to ice grill we all family We all got cash, none of us iz punks But my rachet on me, yours iz in the trunk Think that through fam, minds well quit here Cause you won't get a chance to get there Now lets RIDE Baby lets SLIDE If you wan' RIDE Car iz out SIDE Gangstaz lets RIDE [Chorus 2: Nate Dogg w/ (Joe Budden)] This is a Gangsta Party(Uh, uh) We came to smoke in this party(Ok) Lets get it crunk in this party(Oh) We (Whoa)came (Whoa)to drink in this party(Whoa) What's up but after this party(What's good?) We came to leave wit' somebody (How about yo' team, meet up wit my team and I'ma show y'all how gangstaz lean) (AYOOOOOOOOOO!!!!) [Verse 2: Joe Budden] Come wit me Lemme know if you smoke that weed What do we have here now, if you puff la, la, la I mean la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la Look baby I'ma thug and gentleman, so I'll buy you a Corona And at the same time try to bone ya I won't stalk ya, keep tryna fone ya I'll pass the ounce, get as high as you want ta Leave wit a G, what harm'll do ya Won't dim the lights and throw on some Luther Legs behind, head in the headboard calm and soother Like ma get looser When's the last time you had a Don seduce ya Look here this is rap this ain't Karma Sutra Now lets RIDE Baby lets SLIDE If you wan' RIDE Car iz out SIDE Gangstaz lets RIDE [Chorus 2: Nate Dogg w/ (Joe Budden)] This is a Gangsta Party(Uh, uh) We came to smoke in this party(Ok) Lets get it crunk in this party(Oh) We (Whoa)came (Whoa)to drink in this party(Whoa) What's up but after this party(What's good?) We came to leave wit' somebody (How about yo' team, meet up wit my team and I'ma show y'all how gangstaz lean) (AYOOOOOOOOOO!!!!) [Verse 3: Joe Budden] Lets get up tonite Lemme know who wanna fuck tonite When we done we can break up tonite I had a wonderful time, thanks but goodnite Got my teeaamm wit me, if you like me If she ain't wifey, then she can't be seenn wit me All of these hoes wanna seeemmm pretty But you the only one I wanna brriiinngg wit me Need to chill ma On real ma Only thing I chase is a dolla bill ma So before I go ahead and get the champagne poppin Hoe lemme know if it ain't a damn thing poppin Leave at three, arrive at four At five get live, at six you'll want more Now lets RIDE Baby lets SLIDE If you wan' RIDE Car iz out SIDE Gangstaz lets RIDE [Chorus 2: Nate Dogg w/ (Joe Budden)] This is a Gangsta Party(Uh, uh) We came to smoke in this party(Ok) Lets get it crunk in this party(Oh) We (Whoa)came (Whoa)to drink in this party(Whoa) What's up but after this party(What's good?) We came to leave wit' somebody (How about yo' team, meet up wit my team and I'ma show y'all how gangstaz lean) (AYOOOOOOOOOO!!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: The Illest 12" Song: The Illest Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: samples of Notorious B.I.G.] "Check it" "Rap-rap-rappers are in danger" "Rap-rap-rap-rappers are in danger" "Rappers are in danger" [Joell Ortiz] Yeah, y'all know the name of my crew nigga Slaughterhouse fool Yeah, yeah YAOWWWWWWWA! Check, uhh Rusty nine gettin gully on the roof This so rough, I left my skully on in the booth I drag my Timb' boots through the gutter with the truth Gotta fire at you while you with your mother on the stoop Ain't nothin nice, fillin five cent cups with ice Ass crack stuffed with the stuff that the custies like My flow inspired by po'-po' ridin by Cause lil' JoJo let the fo'-fo' iron fly So expect nothin but heat from me when the beat ugly I sour dollar spit, ain't nothin sweet money So whoever say Ortiz hungry is lyin I'm starvin, I'm famine, man I act like I never eat sonny I keep ya head noddin, when the bass bumpin And you can hate cousin, but don't say some'in And no face muggin I'm S-H-A-D-Y, SlaughterHouse All Day Young'un! [Chorus: sample of Notorious B.I.G. from "Think Big"] "Lyrically I'm, untouchable, uncrushable  Ask your friends who's the illest, uh" {*repeat 3X*} "Lyrically I'm, untouchable, uncrushable  Ask your friends..." "Check it" [Crooked I] It's Crooked I! R.I.P. Notorious Yo, Slaughter Yeah, rap is in danger Crooked I was born in a California manger God of the West coast - know the flow nice  when you're signed to Shady/Aftermath and used to be on Death Row What if my gun and I sing you a lullaby? Nullify your skull in five seconds by puttin a slug inside Run and hide - I'm on some money goon shit Married to the streets, honeymoon shit, yeah FUCK a bride I'm 'bout to go Van Gogh and I have to reach for slavery guns, that mean I draw a master-piece I spit darts quick as a spliff sparks Writtens'll kick start, split you in six parts Which part of "I'm the shit and you a skidmark" did you not get? Put you in a ditch when it's pitch dark Make your bitch suck my Dick Clark Huh, that's what you get, heard that you a snitch Now get that tattoo that say "life," cause you a bitch [Joe Budden] Uhh, uhh uhh uhh It go, Joey I left the mask on and bury somethin, no disguise It couldn't get more official if it was notarized I want the pen on the jeweler for you to know it's fly Top of the chain in command if I'm playin my hand I know I better not override Who think they over I? Hope it ain't vocalized This ain't even a group, just one real nigga multiplied This'll end brutally if you try to get fast I put my life on it like it was mass, better pray that this Vicodin last Haha, if not, rap is in danger Niggaz is in a box, I'm tyin up rappers in a Wrangler Will clap and rearrange ya - but I hate to make my psychiatrist right and it's exactly what she said would happen with my anger (talk to 'em) You can't relate to it, how you gon' measure it? Broke, can't treasure it, jokers just embezzle it It's time to separate the realness from the rhetoric I figure one statement from B.I. should help to settle this [Royce Da 5'9"] I, I said I'm gunnin for the motherfuckin +King+ like the historical terror shot I'm sittin in a Hilton rich like Paris' pops Spread money around the whole town like heiress twat Compare us not, I'm a terrible terrorist plot You the character Carrot Top While I'm stompin on barriers 'til my era stops like a triceratops When I'm done roamin this Earth bury my bones in Mariah Carey's box Who you know answer with guns? Shady's our homie, live with the GOAT like Julio from "Sanford and Son" We're the problem with a problem, got no love for my foes Y'all just wearin Red Bottoms, I got blood on my sole/soul We are dope, we are postal, we not social On Twitter, we block Oprah and Deepak Chopra Y'all niggaz think y'all fuckin with us cause people quote ya singles? Yeah right, you're makin your fuckin point with broken fingers My dream's fulfilled like this cup full of potent tequila that I'm about to raise UP, and toast the dreamers Yeah [Outro: sample of Notorious B.I.G. - repeat 2X] "Get your writin crew, get your writin crew, and they dopest rhymes  I get up in that ass ev-every time  Lyrically I'm, untouchable, uncrushable  Ask your friends who's the illest, uh" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Phil Collins Album: In The Air 12" Song: In The Air Typed by: thuggedoutsincecubscouts@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Joe Budden] Chea, GC, Rest In Peace Mojo, Rest In Peace Champ gon' Rest In Peace Little Reg gone Rest In Peace Slick Senior, you gon Rest In Peace Keith gon' Rest In Peace I need all y'all to Rest In Peace To all my niggaz Rest In Peace (Repeat x2) [Verse: Joe Budden] I know my dead homies watching upon us But uh, I aint gotta know a nigga to mourn See a real nigga crying it's torture Get the candles and the drinks We gon' have our own wake on the corner You could just vision All of the memories Hennesy guzzling and you buggin Cuz you was just with him God called for his son it was time You gotta have peace with the Lord Wish you it's on just one last time Some think that nothin about it is good He got what every nigga dreams of, he's out of the hood So why we all sit in the hood cryin liquer He's in heaven laughing like "look at my niggaz" They all sobbing, them tears aint stopping God throw em a sign and let them know I'm still watching Time passes and things get poppin Like "He woulda wanted, if he was here that woulda been his option" It's back to old times as if he just popped in You had to take somebody Jesus not him All my real niggaz put a lighter in the air There's a fighter in the air That cloud right there And I know my time is coming like everybody elses (But) But by then I hope that everybody felt this Always that one hateful nigga make it seem like everybody's jealous Somebody here don't like me breathin I know somebody here's tryna spite me steamin Spite how I ride these Sprees and dap me Goin to projects, at the end of the night I'm leavin One of my old mans has now burnt out Mic off me, never know how things turn out Cuz even your close friends'll steal ya Come to think of it, I could be real cool with my po-tential killer That's called taking the bitter with the sweet The skip with the verse The gift with the curse Somebody wants to see the kid in a hearse But I'll die for this rap shit, clips will disperse Kill for this rap shit, it gets reversed Murder you lethal (So) So don't watch if the convertable bleeds you Take your pick with the clips How you want it, reversible or see-through? I be another locked dog in the fort And another wake on the corner will be all my fault Another body inside the Caddy That'll make my Moms right cuz I'll be in jail just like Daddy Daddy come home, something aint right I think the Lord bout to call 'pon Uncle Mike Mike got high and he wasn't too strong Doc said he got cancer and it wouldn't be long Said in another six months he'll be gone Pops still play that one gospel song every morn' Stopped gettin high so it's no more pipe And they found medicine that'll extend his life Years past and, Mike's still here he's not hurt Gospel song every morn it's funny how God works Wait! He's got the disease, he's different again He's starting to get sick and shit's missing again Now that monthly cheque he's spending again Goddamn Uncle Mike is sniffing again Dad, Mike sprung And God put the cancer in his lungs like Fuck that cure you had a choice Disease is so cunning when you trippin' high You can't throw away the gift of life Nigga you take it or leave it Nigga play it to keep it Nigga safe retreated Cuz if the Lord come take it you heed it No funeral homes, not for you And I don't really wanna visit in the hospital Don't wanna see you like that cuz I'mma be too scared I'd rather meet my own demise and meet you There God I can't make pretend At least take me first so I aint gotta see you take my friends Some things I can't even figure, like why you have to take him for? Come on God answer me nigga Another tatoo, another name sprayed on the back window of the car for a month Another family shattered, in tears Another night on my knees with a new name added to my prayers All the things we still feelin Cuz on a nice day when the sky's clear I'm gon' see y'all staring Extend your arm, take this pound To all my lost soldiers in the booth with me while I lay this down C'mon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Last Real Nigga Left 12" Song: Last Real Nigga Left Typed by: nalijispower@yahoo.com Look- Everybody wanna talk about who's the nicest A bunch of grown ass men in a midlife crisis (ughhh!) Ion't really see what all the hype is You got some 'G-Money' ridin' around in them Chryslers? Guess they still sleeping, bad case of the itis Be Siegfried then Roy fuck around with them tigers Listen... I don't think its no real niggas left (ah huh) I feeling like its no real niggas left (ohhhh; nahhh) Or maybe all the real niggas just left- or Or maybe I'm the last real nigga left See I don't understand why nigga's act this hard Some niggas is "BALLLLIN" with the practice squad They don't holla at'cha mans Cause nigga hit and run like Carmelo, I'm assumin' they in La-La Land I'm talking BLOCKA, man! 10 deep in that DollaVan And won't leave until you Aqua, man I done seen it all, done it all- what they gon' tell dude? Once you try to marry the game, they Sean Bell you Rather you in Bellview, cops wanna derail dude Like Jenny Aniston up in that hotel room (ohhh) One man chain gang, bitchhes wanna know what's his AIM name Niggas wanna see about his aim game (talk to 'em) All this yappin' about holdin' M's Get ya weight up, you lookin' like the Olsen twins A bunch of vague ass niggas, I'm WAY past niggas Treat me like a Prince, Morris Day ass niggas Hundred miles and runnin', duckin' a court summons Albums? Just one in!; Livin' like Mr. Drummond Nigga's gon' learn about puttin' me in they speech When every dead president they own'll be impeached (Even) J.C. murder rate'll be increased Throw a nice suit on 'em, and let 'em be in peace, geez! I don't it's no real nigga's left (nahhh) I'm feeling like it's no real nigga left (ah huh) Or maybe all the real nigga's just left- (ok) Or maybe I'm the last real nigga left He wanna pop shit, about how he cock it- its gossip; stop it! Ain't nothing about you that says "Brolik" (nahhh) I hear ya lil freestyles talkin' about you buy tools (dawg!) You just a lil nigga, known you since high school I made niggas, aside from that I'm a made nigga Sent you to the store for me, you was like my maid nigga You outta ya league, you fuckin' wit a Don These Urkel ass nigga's is turnin' into Stephon How hungry, B? You scrub money to me You livin' wit' moms, you more like Bud Bundy to me Might clap 'em up, revolve 'em You like my Lil Scrappy, and you don't want No Problem He broke, you can't rob it It's Joe, you can't stop him! (nope) Not unless the feds grab me- You want 60 Minutes? Treat 'em like Ed Bradley And his squad know, I'm ridin' on horses Yours is like Barbaro, how you want a part of Joe? Can't get in this game, maybe at half-time You not a livewire more like a flat line You livin' in a mean world Bitch niggas sit around hopin' for a deal, I'm callin' 'em all "DreamGirls" Clap Joe? Never the day And before you put my name in your mouth, have something better to say!! I mean... I don't it's no real nigga's left (nahhh) I'm feeling like it's no real nigga left (ok) Or maybe all the real nigga's just left- or Or maybe I'm the last real nigga left You ma'fuckaz makin' me laugh, at least chuckle Weight of the world on 'em, knees won't even buckle And dudes think they causin' an uproar- fuck Y'ALL! And this impotent disses, ain't even gotta get up for If I wanted you dead, I'd hire a nigga Ain't gettin' my hands dirty, tryna fire at niggas (and- sooooo) Fuck dustin' off the Mack again When you meet your Final Destination, its gon' look like a accident Niggas ain't making it hot, they might sizzle And don't confuse Making It Rain, with like drizzle Care less about what chart he on, I'm so far beyond Wit' a heart like Omarion, for you maricons Underground legend, ahead by eons- Fitted white tee on, Couple hundred G's on Pee on peons, skate off in your Scion I'm coughin' up acid, you spittin' up Freon Send slugs flying- Have ya brains leakin' on ya chain since niggas wanna rock these Blood Diamonds (talk to 'em) And anybody thought I fucked wit' dudes Just lettin' me know- they took the short bus to school Put some mills on that- They say "Hip Hop Is Dead", but the real is back Now how real is that?! ... I mean, uhhh I don't it's no real nigga's left (nahhh) I'm feeling like it's no real nigga left (ah huh) Or maybe all the real nigga's just left- or Or maybe I'm the last real nigga left The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Mood Muzik Song: I Want You Back Typed by: tasheeta@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Let's go back to nine seven, seventeen though I looked like 20 And I was poor, I didn't look like money then I saw someone I thought who was mature, looked like she would shun me And inside its like my pride had been took right from me She loves to dance, dancin in the middle of the floor So I thought I better get to her before other guys start to notice she was fly, had a brother goin wild tryna leave the club with the future mother of my child (man) I can't believe it nice ass and cleavage She's 23, she's somebody I can see ME wit 2 weeks pass, now I'm gettin wit her 3 weeks pass, I'm livin wit her 5 weeks pass, now I'm in love I'm so glad that I met her She's dedicating love songs Brandy "have you ever" Have you ever had it bad but just a fad It wouldn't last forever but still just LIKE Moms don't like her, but she adores me struggling artist, no job, she supports me So alone, my only friend is boo So when its me against the world, the world gotta be against her too In a year we was homeless, stuck on the street together starvin, nothin to eat together times get hard, the fightin and the bickering starts And now she's throwin in my face about how I can't get a job now she pregnant, another mouth to feed, add that on nah the condom ain't break, I ain't carry that on tryna be a man, I went and got a job at 'the wiz' chill angie, I ain't got the right job for a kid can't keep it, now she heated but we don't live lavish it's a good thing you had that miscarriage cause I'm against killin kids but I'da did it I was wit it, she's spoiled it, I'm 19 lookin at my bloody son in the toilet (damn) we beefin, she likes to bring up old things And anytime we beef, she likes to throw things but that knife, I couldn't dodge it but my love was too strong so after surgery I dropped them charges She said I beat her bad, I took her by her feet and dragged to this day I don't believe that fact can't see her bein heated and desertin me freely I know you hurtin, it ain't workin I know you wanna leave me BUT After all the court cases, blame is in order She's scared of me, hence the restraining order had to break up but we made up, family mad at us too lets have a baby and then maybe they'll be havin a truce She actin rude, havin her moods screamin "I'm pregnant", like that's an excuse angie I ain't tryna hear you now I had to bounce, I can't be there for you but I'll be there for the child TRE! they had to cut mommy phoned me to clutch you She was drugged up still screamin "joey I love you" months passed, here come the cops again She threw my clothes up out the window And I end up in the building on the cot again naw not again I see that she's my baby mother but she's not my friend that was the last straw, it was apparent we ain't workin as a couple but lets see if we can work as parents TRE! you know that mommy used to use you against me but she got a little better, she don't use you to tempt me see me on TV now things got better She's says I'm not the same man that I was when I met her She don't like Joe Budden, leave that for the public She want the same guy that she fell in love wit If she could ever turn it back to like the past that's all she ask when she prayin If I came at her like "I'm back" I know that all she'll be sayin is.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Emanny Album: Mood Muzik 4.5 Song: Dreamerz Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] - w/ Emanny harmonizing Uh, this my love song [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Check it, more questions (questions), more answers (answers) More C-I smoke and more cancer (cancer) More arguin (arguin), more resistance (uh) It seems like the closer we get, there's more distance (more distance) More angles (more angles), a million different looks Was on the same page, just in different books (different books) There's so much I want to say but I got no ground 'Cause we ain't break up, more like broke down Now that pain and torture, add that with restraining orders Then add the soul of my slain daughter None of this is how we planned it to be One big insanity plea, shit could never end amicably I miss you tryin, you probably don't think I tried to When you stubborn and prideful, not much is insightful But God was tryin to show me something He ain't think that I knew Sometimes shit that doesn't breathe could die too [Chorus - Emanny] Were we just dreamerz? Waitin for our shot to shoot to the moon Were we just dreamerz? Spendin our lives tryin to see this thing through Waitin to fly away We're waitin to fly away Waitin to fly away waitin to fly away, right away and flyin by you [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] How we go from thoughts of marriage? Thoughts of me coppin karats Talks of what we'd name her, while shoppin for a carriage But when the dream stopped, who knew you'd see me like a savage? That you dreamt of vacations, but only woke up to baggage All you ever did was love me and look at where it got you (uh) And when you wanted more, all I did was say "I'm not you" I'm selfish not selfless and I say that with love So in essence you askin for what I'm incapable of So now I find I'm goin over choices I ain't even made yet (made yet) Was clouded by good times and great sex (great sex) Runnin fast towards an unknown fate That altered when I introduced you to my unknown traits In your dreams, seems you had me pegged as another man But in mine, only you would understand In our minds we were perfect, we witnessed our dream get murdered Now reality's on trial and we both awaitin the verdict [Break - Joe Budden] - w/ Emanny ad libs But you'll always be close to me Though you said this ain't how it's supposed to be What we had was so real But you said I don't care Never thought this day would come You said you gave your all and was left with none But we can both be spared But you don't think that's fair, that's fair [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] Uh, you can't see how you ever began to like a liar You lost track of all the little things that I admired But when the peace left, I knew we might retire Thinking man, I live upstairs, I'm something like Somaya Got memories but at what point are they lost? You say we could work through it, at what point is it forced? We should of never rushed 'Cause it's like now we at a point where you won't ever trust And for me I can't believe that's all we ever was The high is gone, need a better buzz (better buzz) 'Cause we sleep in the same bed but we never touch (never touch) My solution to every beef is to revisit Though we'll have the same emotions, we won't be so livid, won't be so vivid I think your girl secretly applauded our drama, we don't need those critics (uh) We owe it to go over our foundation with a keen eye Sad part to say you never have the same dream twice [Break 2 - Emanny] we let love and all it's possibility, take us from reality Made it hard to see that (we were bound together) Just to cover up the pain, I'm wishin the skies would rain And wipe all my thoughts away, 'cause I'm tired of dreamin [Chorus] - w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: Move On 12" Song: Move On Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com [Verse 1: Joell Ortiz] No I don't respond with answers that fit a script  So the repetition will make a nigga flip  We in the game of smoke and mirrors  Those engineering a bigger spliff  Blowing circles out they mouth getting praise but the shit is shift  I never lived a myth, if I said it I did it  Never alleged, word to dead I gripped a fifth  I made my housing tenement a strip, moving medicine and nicks  When I seen them coming I jetted from them pricks  And still to this day, though she clean, I wish my mommy never sniffed  But the hurt is making me better with this gift  I'm live with this ink, you could die in a blink and Y'all got the nerve to ask me why do I drink and Motherfuckers, sometimes I cry when I'm thinking  Y'all ain't there when them tears being dried by the sink  It was cold in the winter, my community centers who gave me dinner  I ain't mind, my table chairs gave me splinters  Set up to be a loser but was made to be a winner  If they paint Hip-Hop I bet my face be in the picture  If they wrote a rap bible, bet my name be in the scriptures  If shorty say I'm her idol, bet her face be in my zipper  I came a long way from the staples in my skrilla  Stains on my pants hardly had a cut  The ladies ain't want to dance so house parties would suck  All my friends on the wall, I'm in the hall with a cup  Nah I ain't complaining, just telling y'all what it is  So if y'all going through it now just know that another kid  Made something out of nothing - well I'm fronting, I was never nothing  Older ladies used to tell my mother "Ain't he something?" I look at a lot of you cats and laugh  Cuz I'm the shit, man, and y'all ain't even passing gas  When I spit, I'm the definition of mastered craft  And all y'all ask about is Aftermath  Motherfucker move on [Verse 2: Joe Budden] I got to give my own interview  Since niggas that do my interviews focus on whatever's miniscule  And paint me as a cynical  But the canvas will limit you, you can't go beyond what there's no limit to  If I think Hip-Hop is dead I think it's being revived  And that comes from me being inside  Where the demons get by, see them goodbye  If I'm vehement here's why  Come from hearing it and seeing venomous lies  So the beast in me cries cuz when it's all you hear  Shit can overbear just when the over in air  So I try to think straight cuz when you stare in the rear  Rest in peace Stewart Shakir, nigga yea  I'm on another label, not that other label  That mean it's no longer my problem, it's theirs  Some say it's a conspire I say if everybody's on the thrown that's just more motive to kill the heir  Ask me about ‘Pump It Up' and I'm a think you sheep  Oh you must not know I'm deep  I'm so off of music so y'all can soundscan every week  Me? I just got my little man every week  Jersey City loves me despite y'all beliefs  Cuz they was baby stepping, I showed them how to leap  Ask me about swag,  I'm a change the topic to lyrics and then brag  Plus look at you like a fag  I love everybody, don't ask about who I beef with  They burnt the bridge but they was standing underneath it  I'm on my grind, Benjamin hunting  Was old since I was young, call me Benjamin Button  Stop using slang just for you to be cool  Cuz I go back to when it was cool to be you  I'm a hero, no I mean I'm Hiro from Heroes  Y'all chase zeros  Motherfucker I just got finished hating me, feeling like a zero  They played De Niro, never been there though  So before your next thought, understand  Know it's much more to me than a man  Either that or move on [Verse 3: Royce Da 5'9"] My rhymes a reflection of Scarface and Prem's soul  Before Jordan was wearing four five  I just look like this, I just seemed old  But I had to bleed the blood of a dirty motherfucker  To suffer clean clothes and touch what a king holds  The real estate market is harsh, everything goes  From folds to who you was doing everything for  But I cut them off and move on to the new checks  New friends chasing my new ends with new threats  Watching my dreams fold like a stack of bills  In the pocket of who ain't trying to push up daffodils  But we the super group, you couldn't handle this shit  If you were standing before us carrying the pooper scoop  You dealt with shady shit? I dealt with shady shit  But I'm the only one can truly say I dealt with Shady's shit  I mean that with all respect to Paul and Sheck  But Ryan and Marshal is all you get  My flows superb, I love Pauli Rosenberg 	 What I say in a track those just words  Baby boy forgive me, I'm just street  Cuz I can change into anything niggas want me to be like Mystique I don't got to dig deep to realize  Slim bought Big Proof a big jeep  Because he deserved it, how can I mourn  The same way Shady did over him when he knew him when he attended Osborne? Marshal I'm sorry, I knew it went left  I ain't into fucking my family like incest  If you remember ice used to be my life's interest  Tell Hailey my wife just had a princess  Since I made up with Em there's nothing else  That I can move on from so who wants some  Like a jar of Grey Poupon  You have to ask anybody in any car  Want it? Or move on [Verse 4: Crooked I] When fans picture my interviews they think I'm in a swimming pool  With women who've been abused  So they turn into strippers making they living in the nude  One in the middle blowing my inner tube while the interviewers getting ridiculed  Is this your vision? Cool. Let me give you a little jewel  Any dude who want to sit in my tennis shoes is missing screws  Don't get it misconstrued, don't get this shit confused  I'm two seconds from prison food, I'm a different dude  Pistol in my reach, man, still in Long Beach, man Hoping if my grind don't help me get out, my speech can  I been in the streets longer than Yao Ming's wingspan  You can be MTV, I'll be C-Span  I deal with politics, bandannas and hollow tips  Half you rappers follow this, role models can swallow dick  Was stressed out over cash flow  Hip-Hop used to console my soul, now it's a bunch of assholes  Rap about a dance while I'm targeting cops  Spit some shit for Oscar Grant, hit the sergeant with shots  Make him a +ghost+ like he part of The Lox  I won't stop recording till I'm making songs harder than Pac's  If it don't happen, at least a nigga know he right there  Every memory under my Dodger hat's a nightmare  As a kid I had to steal breakfast  And now the best question you have to ask me, "Is this a real necklace?" "Where's your beat from Dre?" "Your feature from Cube?" These things leave people confused  Cuz they know I leave speakers abused, I eat the EQs  I eat through the beat, what's the secret? I think it's the shoes  Back in Cali, niggas blaze and stress  Waiting on Detox to save the West  Even if the shit is dope it ain't giving you niggas hope  Unless your signature's wrote on the check from Interscope, nope Move on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: NBA 12" Song: NBA Typed by: Kingcrazyx@mail.com * * send corrections to the typist Shoulda never put me on this beat Okay, yeah, normal baller We back on tizzy, on top Jump Off, Dub B, Jersey Stand up GO! Jump off you rap guys is a joke I'm here to take the scoring title without the green light from my coach Man, don't make me have to smack your lineup I'm Michael Jordan y'all Harold Minor's that rap vagina All black ski mask, gloves, tuck the thing Drive slow, lights out like "I love this game" I live this y'all paint that pic And like Magic I'm starting to believe y'all dudes ain't that sick Might see ya boy scooping up a bird to get knowledge Number one draft pick and I skipped college Snakes in the trenches I peep those, get injured End up like Grant Hill on the bench in your street clothes Talk about he real, how he quick with a glock But like Kurt Thomas he ain't good for shit on the block See the gleam from the shoes Man, I don't mean to seem rude Gunshots do you like Vancouver make your team move (Let's Go!) Chorus: It's gone be the NBA never NBC (Yeah) Rookie of the year slash MVP (Rap suckas, we back) Never channel 4 We handle the 4 It's the number one draft pick (Yours truly) Let your gat spit, nigga (Repeat) Can't treat me like a sucka Gather up your five, man meet me at the Rucker Put the heat to you fuckers Half Man-Half Amazing with a clip in my boot My 4-5 will make you "Skip To My Lou", think about it Understand when I was younger I was all on my own So when I said 3-2 I wasn't calling a zone Nice truck, nice house and chain I car jacked you like Shaq shooting a three man get outta your Range This is regular hood shit I put Don Cheaney under the arm and show him how to make a good nick If you wack, you need to probably write Either that or quit it, throw in the chair like you Bobby Knight I work damn hard But don't think I can't rob Can't pitch, I still handle the rock like Shammgod Still hurt you cowards Still see me merking them Prowlers And know they still call me Dirk in Dallas I'm that nigga (Chorus) Man I kill lame queers It still ain't clear Never saving the tech like Bill Laimbeer I got tools for rilly With shells that make your temple hot and I ain't talking 'bout a school in Philly I ain't a selfish player Man, I help your weight up Cuz only Riders in this game now is myself and Isaiah Listen, you gettin dissed While I'm screwing these miss's I'm on cruise control you still moving your pivot But I'll show you how mean this crook be You and your dogs' like the Houston Comets, a team fulla pussy's Creep It ain't a game no more, it's a sport If you ain't got heart to play then stay off the court (Chorus) Game over! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Stack Bundles Album: Nobody Loves Me (Promo) Song: Nobody Loves Me Typed by: verbal_anthrax@hotmail.com [Joe Budden] Look here.. See I grew up around the projects Grew up around the glocks yes Taught to fend for myself whenever Pops left A good kid turnin' into a hood prospect, why? [Stack Bundles] If so, it was after the bread risin' (Right) After I put the hood on like Lil Red Ridin' The gangsta that's glorifyin' And strugglin' bubbled number for a stack And that's a fact...until that? [Budden] (Oh!) And if they did, I never felt it Spent a couple nights in a box, I couldn't help it (Dawg, I couldn't help it) When niggaz on the tier ice grilled, I had to melt it Dream was on the right track...somebody rebelled it Was taught cash rules, but I ain't have a dollar for livin' No window, no pot to piss in (So!) So all my dudes in they cells that's locked in prison, is it 'cause.. [Bundles] (Nope!) Til I pissed a few niggaz off like Bill O'Reilly (Right) Exposed the game's soft spot like Maury (Ha!) Showed the hustlers how we Turned an advance to a grand finale (Heh) [Budden] Look here I was doin' pull ups and eatin' pancakes (And then?) And then I pulled up in that pancake (Talk to 'em!) Suicide doors, iced the band and the face Yes Jerze...(Ok) [Bundles] Til I proved my name was a factor (How?) Summertime, played the crate Bathin' 8ths and chains that'll change the chill factor (Schieeeet!) Two toned toy to antagonize the children (Right) It's still Roc For Life like they kicked me out the building [Budden] But I ain't goin' nowhere, at least no time soon So get used to me, real niggaz rep, that's how it used to be F-Y-I, still got the deuce-deuce wit' me Why? [Bundles] (I know...so?) That's why I got niggaz robbed for their jewelry (Right) Brought heaters to where my goons be (Right) My divas in (?) (Right) My groupies rockin' that Juicy (Whoo!) 40's on me but usually The roofless coupe's on the corner like a hooptie (Right, right) Oh! I know! [Budden] It's like I didn't feel the love Until I put the 645 on dubs And sueded out the guts In the belly of the beast, you make it out with guts In that title, homeboys is naked without the trust (Ya Heard!) [Bundles] Rep-wise I'm celibate, ain't a soul fuckin' wit' 'em (Uh huh) Emcees watch they mouths like Chris Tucker wit' 'em (Heh) Up and comer's owe me, until I'm paid, you stuck wit' 'em (Why?) 'Cause.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Stack Bundles Album: Nobody Loves Me (Promo) Song: We Got This Locked Typed by: verbal_anthrax@hotmail.com [Joe Budden] Nah mean, fuck niggaz (Joey!) King of New Jersey (It's, it's) It's what? (It's that On Top...) Still talkin that shit...(We got this locked, it's in the pocket) Niggaz be cheatin and shit with their little bullshit 16's (We got this locked, it's in the pocket....Jerze!) ...I'm cheatin' too, fuck it (Hold up...) Aiyo forreal chief, go ahead, get up out my grill piece 'fore you hear the gat hollerin' when I shoot the steel piece Battle emcee? That's a small thang (Why?) I'm like a christmas tree I just stand there...and let my balls hang (Nigga!) A few hatin' niggaz want me in a cell y'all (Oh!) Far as these rap niggaz go, I never felt y'all Here's what I'ma tell y'all (Tell 'em what nigga?) I'm Randy Johnson, I ain't from New York, but I'ma help y'all Help with the game, lock this in a noose (Nahhh!) That nigga's a faggot, I don't rock with dude Here's what the glock'll do (It'll...) It'll have your 5 senses all chopped -n- screwed Soon as it cock and shoot (With!) Ice, Chanel, Girbauds, pipin' out their cars (Oh!) Captain Planet niggaz, recyclin' their bars (But!) Niggaz got ice in the hood don't wear it With the snub on some Ying Yang shit, you won't hear it (Nigga!) [Stack Bundles] Yo...listen I got an explanation for my mouth... I ain't been shot yet (Nahhh) Swolderin' fever, and y'all ain't get hot yet Brand new Geneva that I ain't get rocked yet (Uh huh) I'm still on the corner, I ain't sail on a yacht yet (Forreal) So my hunger is different from what you expect I'm morally extortin' niggaz, I'ma take my respect See they love to see you twisted (So?) So the plan is, drop Laurel record, take niggaz bitches (Right) It's a man's world, these niggaz is bitches (Right) I'm robbin' rap's piggy bank, hand over the riches (Schieeeet!) They say stars are born and not made Chain of command, stripes are earned, they're not gave Number one loyal to the 48th laid Outshine the master and I'ma hang 'em like a slave (Schieeeet!) The brave deserve awards Say my name, you supposed to get shot You worked hard for yours....EHHHHH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Royce Da 5'9" Album: New York, Jersey, Philly 12" Song: New York, Jersey, Philly Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Chorus: Joe Budden] New York, Jersey, Philly, New York, Jersey, Philly, New York, Jersey, Philly You know I keep it filthy out in New York, Jersey, Philly, New York, Jersey, Philly, New York, Jersey, Philly Check it............. [Verse One: Joe Budden] Rockin spikes and a beater, beside me a diva I'm hearin all the talk of how you ride with a heater Make sure I don't survive but when I see ya, ya sleep with a broke heart Like you went and took advice from Alicia Tell me if you really wanna take it there Best in the world if you ain't remained aware Latest gear, love, no, hate it yeah You and your scared style a get aired out, start, stop and stare now Change the trucks grill yeah the car got veneers now  'Lot of rappers spittin shit, I don't wanna hear now They talkin Gucci but they shoppin at Sears now If you weren't prepared now? You ain't get the warnin yet So I'm a go hard early call it morning sex New York, Jersey, Philly, New York, Jersey, Philly, New York, Jersey, Philly Tinted up, rims silly If a nigga try and kill me chalk it up, had the brother wildin With mind playin tricks on you get off Shutter Island Showin you somethin you never would see, I'm gettin checks every week You tryin to meet your executive needs, I'm in executive suites consecutively  Somebody had to body ya, guess the job was left to me So when I kill the track they can't charge me with double jeopardy They asked you if I'm a boss and you say no sir How you don't concur my golfer got a chauffer  Standin on the couch in the club with a nympho Reppin Slaughterhouse see the blood on the window Let's see I get wealthy, being broke gettin healthy So I ain't tryin to buy whatever shit they try to sell me Got a broad up in the telly I could trust her what you tell me Still bringin Lunatics with me yeah I learned that trick from Nelly 'Cause I know it can get urgent, when they see you just splurgin Strip club, in the private room tryin to fix the curtains Wanna 'cause a big excursion run up on the kid squirtin Make sure the Mac ain't broke and you ain't buy the Knicks version Out in.......... [Chorus: Joe Budden] New York, Jersey, Philly, New York, Jersey, Philly, New York, Jersey, Philly You know I keep it filthy out in New York, Jersey, Philly, New York, Jersey, Philly, New York, Jersey, Philly Niggas gotta feel me [Bridge: Joe Budden] OWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Slaughterhouse gang!!! My brotha from another mother! Let's go to the D!!! Nickel!!!!!! OWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! [Verse Two: Royce Da 5'9] Blood on the speakers, puke in the booth Hard hats bazookas, poop on my boots You all laughin 'til you get hit shootin from my gun I am in Doublemint, condition like chewin gum Bum, you older than fuck A hop, skip and a jump from layin down holdin a cup And there's nothin more impressive than being in one of my sessions My views excitin like a dude viewin a warmin undressin And y'all must have lost y'all sense Ashton Mart dark dark tint The weed stankin like the moth ball scent Y'all bunch of pop lame ass niggas  Lyricless Wacka Flocka Flame ass niggas I am it, there is none before me, hush your nigga mouth quick Like Benzino, after me and Joe we did 40/40 And you can tell that bitch nigga I will kill him You have no idea of what, y'all are dealin I'm a walkin solid hundred dollar bill and I am so fuckin fly Had to buy my fuckin house without a ceilin I am a apocalyptic pop a nigga trigger  You might wanna stop it if you was the opposite of killer, a gorilla I'm like five percent killer, five percent Eminem The other ninety percent, cap pealer I'm that iller, my speech is dead Yucky like you lookin at Mo'Nique legs Sick man!!!! I go harder than you can withstand I'm on lean like Bacardi on a kick stand I'm at the party in your bitch pants I'll Kadeem Hardison six man you bitch fam!!! The A-R is the choice of weapon I am the voice of B-S and yes I'm Detroit reppin My whole ice, look like meow yen Her thighs, look like she's been practicin moy tai The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: The One 12" Song: The One (Original Version) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  Slaughterhouse! Sex and drugs and dirty money On the race to rule the world You cut your teeth on fame and diamonds Your time is up now, three.. two.. one {"One one one one one one one one one one, one" – *KRS-One*} We number one {"One one one one one one one one one, one, one" – *KRS-One*} [Royce Da 5'9"] Y-yea, yeah we them Slaughterhouse rock stars, the pitch is black We signin every titty out, we goin tit for tat Now can you picture that? And how ironic is it that I'm ridin round listenin to Nickelback I'm back, on a pill I'm tryin to have Rod Stewart cars, and Ozzy Osbourne motor skills I'm tryin to have a rich bitch like Paris Hilton That like to get her ass smacked like Keri Hilson Haha, I'm the one, who you tryna be? Nuttin to hide, the jimmy covers up my Tommy Lee The one, I stage dive to a pot of gold I'm empty, nothin's inside me but rock 'n' ROLL! [Crooked I] Crooked's got a gun; I'm reckless with +Led+ Zeppelin instead, let's get a keg Let's split a mescaline that mess wit'cha head I'm sexin a lez and her best friend in bed I love these freak women Somethin in my denim need a +Kiss+, call it Gene Simmons They wanna ban me like Marilyn Manson for all the whores in my Baltimore, Maryland mansion I'm the one who wants to +Spear+ Britney Give Pink some black, put it near her kidneys – here kitty I'm the one who always cause an affair So every time your bitch burp you smell my balls in the air, yeah [Chorus] w/ Joe Budden ad libs [Joe Budden] + (Joell Ortiz) Yeah, yeah; see I'm a on-stage rock star (backstage porn star) Khloe on the +Kar-dash+ (Kourtney on the OnStar) Zoë Kravitz stumblin out the 'telly in a torn bra (They dribble on my balls in the whip, now that's a sports car) Dawg, you gotta see him when he drive by (Cock-eyed) Have all the +Ladies+ goin +Ga-ga+ Me? I'm more mellow, so I'm lookin for a La La (You sure? I want a whore, a Gabor, a young Zsa Zsa) (The one, a +OutKast+, I don't need to rock) So I could put my +Love Below+ by her +Speakerboxxx+ The one (Kate Perry try and kiss my wife) And gave me dome at Katie's +Holme+, baby this the LIFE! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Bun B, The New Royales Album: The One 12" Song: The One (Travis Barker Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  Slaughterhouse! [Chorus: The New Royales] Sex and drugs and dirty money On the race to rule the world You cut your teeth on fame and diamonds Your time is up now, three.. two.. one {"One one one one one one one one one one, one" – *KRS-One*} We number one {"One one one one one one one one one, one, one" – *KRS-One*} [Royce Da 5'9"] Y-yea, yeah we them Slaughterhouse rock stars, the pitch is black We signin every titty out, we goin tit for tat Now can you picture that? And how ironic is it that I'm ridin round listenin to Nickelback I'm back, on a pill I'm tryin to have Rod Stewart cars, and Ozzy Osbourne motor skills I'm tryin to have a rich bitch like Paris Hilton That like to get her ass smacked like Keri Hilson Haha, I'm the one, who you tryna be? Nuttin to hide, the jimmy covers up my Tommy Lee The one, I stage dive to a pot of gold I'm empty, nothin's inside me but rock 'n' ROLL! [Crooked I] Crooked's got a gun I'm reckless with +Led+, Zeppelin instead Let's get a keg, let's split a mescaline that mess wit'cha head I'm sexin a lez and her best friend in bed I love these freak women Somethin in my denim need a +Kiss+, call it Gene Simmons (get it!) They wanna ban me like Marilyn Manson for all the whores in my Baltimore, Maryland mansion I'm the one who wants to +Spear+ Britney Give Pink some black, put it near her kidneys – here kitty! I'm the one who always cause an affair So every time your bitch burp you smell my balls in the air, yeah [Chorus] w/ Joe Budden ad libs [Joe Budden] + (Joell Ortiz) Yeah, yeah; see I'm a on-stage rock star (backstage porn star) Khloe on her +Kar-dash+ (Kourtney on the OnStar) Zoë Kravitz stumblin out the telly in a torn bra (They dribble on my balls in the whip, now that's a sports car) Dawg, you gotta see him when he drive by (Cock-eyed) Have all the +Ladies+ goin +Gaga+ Me? I'm more mellow, so I'm lookin for a La La (You sure? I want a whore, a Gabor, a young Zsa Zsa) (The one, a +OutKast+, I don't need to rock) So I could put my +Love Below+ by her +Speakerboxxx+ The one (Kate Perry try and kiss my wife) And gave me dome at Katie's +Holme+, baby this the LIFE! [Bun B] Yeah... let's, get it It's Bun Beada the rap addict, I'm back at it You see me rockin heavy metal, this a black 'matic I got a bad habit For +Takin Back Sunday+ and turnin it into a Black Sabbath, dag nabbit! I'm on G like vital rap So let's take it to a level on the speakers like Spinal Tap This that broad shit, that'll start a moshpit Headbangers get to spazzin out and be like "Awww shit!" Slaughterhouse is a +Mötley Crüe+ so I suppose it's only natural they roll around with +Guns N' Roses+ And for those that's, raised with a silver spoon up they noses It's like, later for you posers The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Joey 6'1" f/) Slaughterhouse Album: On My Grind Cousin 12" Song: On My Grind Cousin Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus 2X: samples of Jay-Z from "Heart of the City (Ain't No Love)"] "Look, I'm on my grind cousin, ain't got time for frontin" "Look, I'm on my grind cousin, ain't got time for frontin" "Look, I'm on my grind cousin, ain't got time for frontin" "Now gettin money, get-gettin money, get-gettin money" [Joe Budden] L-look look look look look look look I'm on my grind homie, that's the status My apparatus never comprehends a lack of cabbage Ain't gotta floss to the show the world when I'd rather stack it So if your convo don't include it it don't matter-fact it All I saw while bein poor havin a lack of cabbage had me tad savage, I promise to never go back to average Some other niggaz can't help but think sellin crack is lavish I'm willin to bet that them same niggaz ain't in my tax bracket Traded in my all-black with the mask and ratchets For full throttle with models that always ask for marriage If Joey wrote it then you know the notepad is acid You could bet against it, just know whatever you have I'll match it [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, me and my niggaz kick it, fuck all the pussy-footin It could be Jersey, Long Beach, or it could be Brooklyn That's because I'm a soldier Diamonds that's cushion cut, sit in my ears but still big as your momma's sofa I carry around a toaster, while tryin to find ambrosia Any nine I'm totin been fired like Omarosa Fuck all your dance tactics, don't get yo' man cracked in Kidnapped and slapped in a van wrapped in Saran plastic Don't get yo' damn ass kicked, by them fantastic furious fo' motherfuckers flashin in front of yo' face without the grandmaster Slaughterhouse nigga, I'm a felon Cops stop me? I'ma tell 'em [Crooked I] (Yeah) You can't fuck with the head honcho, my nacho give ya body holes in your barrio, my vato C.O.B. is cheese over beef like a taco But we still wrap you in them shells like you not dough Gucci, Chuck Taylors and khaki'd up I'm in the Caddy track, blackened Daffy Duck, laffy taffy guts Purple uzi, E pills make for happy sluts and they nasty, tell 'em to pass the panties and they ante up I take 'em home, hit 'em hard as Miguel Cotto You niggaz spell +Nerd+ like Pharrell's logo Real niggaz is all I fucks with You're bigger pussies than the one that just gave birth to the Octuplets [Joell Ortiz] Uhh, ay where that money at? It's weird and why are we here? If it ain't 'bout dough then why the FUCK would you think that I care? E'rything costs, I don't floss but the outfits I wear make me look like a mil' cause it's costin me thousands for gear Couple mo' hundreds for the room gettin balcony air After your daughter caught a quarter Slaughterhouse in the rear Like forty more to get that whore the fuck up outta there Few more bucks to cop a beer, e'ry night's a guap affair I never seen a price tag that my pockets fear I'm like the elevator broke, I get a lot of stairs/stares But me not scared, cause me and Joe will stop your ear Crooked keep a chopper near, Nickel got his Glock in here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse (Royce Da 5'9", Joe Budden, Crooked I, Joell Ortiz) Album: Onslaught 12" Song: Onslaught Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Royce Da 5'9"] (Yeah!) This is Slaughterhouse Haha, we gon' get right into it Scared yet niggaz? You're dealin with a fo'-headed monster Y'all are John McCain, you can't lift your arms up These po-ranhas, live by a certain code of conduct Fuck fly hoes and blow ganja He a prophet, predict shit The year 2029 is gon' be the apocalypse caused by the Apophis - ME I got it lock and key Tell the labels we 'bout to go on a shoppin spree And if y'all don't wanna sign us, you corny Tell your hoes swallow two of these nuts and call us in the mornin We the answer, to the dance floor please You gotta fuck us all bitch, you can't Ortiz Budden, Crooked, Nickel, damn Royce please We up in this bitch like Tranzor Z We the Voltron crew, it's whatever your folks wan' do We turn this bitch into SOCOM 2 I'm the best rapper alive, Lil Wayne's migraine Jay-Z's headache, touchin what the lead ain't Motherfuck your feelings, you don't know with what you're dealin Tryin to "ketchup", you mustard spillin I'm amongst hustlers killin Money stacks touch the ceilin, what a fuckin feelin You will never feel, you will never sell You can't see me, feel me, they should use my knuckles instead of Braille I walk with the toast - feelin like How the fuck is talk is cheap? Talk is what's gon' cost you the most I'm the one really yo I'm the gun +Spark+ like Omilio, you a J-Hood done video That ain't a diss so please don't diss me The mag' barrel longer than the cheese on 50 I tell a bitch click your heels twice and ease on with me This is the life... we gone! [Joe Budden] I ain't with the leanin and rockin That ain't even seen as a option, nigga as a teen I was mobbin Stick him up, if it's in his jeans then I'm robbin Might, walk around like the thing get to cockin (what?) But I ain't even tryna be seen when it's poppin You ain't seen hoppin 'til you seen with a rocket Pull up, lookin real clean in the drop and (nigga) I ain't hit the bing or cot since Dawg, tell your whole team ya cannot win 'Til they make some type of vaccine, I'm a problem I don't sleep on a soul, got that wrong (nigga) Even Ben Vereen can get tapped on Clapped on, mashed on, like M.O. My M.O. is Rambo, ammo Got money now so there's marble on the handle On wax so let's beef with no candles Dismantled, click, bam! Got some shit your man won't with-stand (nigga!) I make the hood like V.I.P. Now you can't even get in without a wrist-band I'm just, bland Learn when you walk with your head too high is when shit hits the fan Damn, Grant Hamblin, grand tamperin In two bars I'll send your mans scramblin Now how it feel to throw punches and can't land 'em Or be powerless while you can't stand 'em And treat Comp like Richard Simmons Behind closed doors the boy gon' manhandle him Get out-paced 'til you out the race If you worried about your face, about face (nigga!) Cause, if you ain't all about your pape's then nigga you a transgender, all outta place! [Crooked I] When I face off, picture a thug missin his mug Any particular stick in the mud could get hit with a Scud missile 'til he's, drippin ridiculous blood If you, rather stick to the fists and the gloves then you, gettin hit on, more than the prettiest bitch in the club Nigga I'm itchin to bug! Itchin like a syphilis dick, itchin like the skin of a bitch addicted to drugs, just to hit you with slugs I did it because I wanted to! Shoot you in BACK of your head right in front of you That's what the gun'll do All I do is son ol' niggaz on the W All I do is make all newcomers come anew I ain't lyin, sir You ain't gotta watch Tim Duncan jump to see a flyin +Spur+ Bentley boy, no it's not "H to the Izzo" But I push +Buddens+ like Jay shoulda did Joe People's choice, the voice of my time with Royce Da 5'9", we boys and night shine I let Joell poison my mind Grab a silencer and kill y'all noise with my 9 As Spalding balls'll get tossed in the hoop Pierce from Boston explains how often I shoot I'm a Molotov crossed with a nuke See I swallow liquor bottles 'til they hollow then I crawl in the booth I'm the truth, polygraph Crooked You prolly have a cardiac heart attack when I autograph bullets Mo' caskets - put so much bread on your head when my gunners are done, man they owe taxes Bowl-legged, knock-kneed, one irregular shoe And you supposed to be steppin to who? Tell 'em ALL Crooked came for war The best EVER on the West unless your last name's Shakur! [Joell Ortiz] Just be easy buddy, relax Please don't have me bloody my axe Or revvin my chainsaw to sever your brain off With no "concentration" I'm better than Adolf Never been laid off, forever put in work As beats and skeets I fucked every bitch that said I was a jerk Heh, it's like you cuter when you word maneuver Got every dot-com in my palm and I don't know how to work computers Yeah it's true, Slaughterhouse, I know you heard the rumors That's new but '02 e'ry verse was ruder than you worthless losers So we formed a four alien alliance, just dyin to earth intruders E'rybody's a president, bunch of Herbert Hoovers If what I said had legs it could burn a cougar Speakin of burn, I'm hip-hop sixty shots of Henny on the rocks You're eggnog with a squirt of Kahlúa Can't lie, it's mad fun bein zoned My flow is straight, yours slant like Gumby's dome Lotta guys don't want me on But as long as I get in a spot with my fists, my gun be home I will beat you dudes like you stole from moms In an audience at shows I just fold my arms I'm so disappointed in you new rap guys I'm like no! C'mon, how'd he do that? Why? Oh, no, he diggity do that doe "I'm MC so-and-so, where's my ringtone dough?" See that ain't gon' cut it long as I'm around That goes for every person, place or thing that describes a noun It's J-O-E-double what I never take Whoever feel they could give me my first one then set a date +I'll Be There+ like a young Mike Jack' Hip-Hop prayed and God gave Pun right back! {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse & DJ Drama Album: On the House Song: All on Me Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Joe Budden] You have a problem in the hood, you good Don't ask what it's gon' be (what it's gon' be) Cause if I'm by your side, don't ride Now put that all on me (put that all on me) Cause you my brother, you safe when I'm around My bread is yours, hit the safe when I'm around Cause, you can always call on me Your drama shit ever fall on me, just put it all on ME! [Joell Ortiz] Uhh... The only child feelin like a brother these days I used to run my own race, now it's a relay So you can take it to the bank when Ortiz say Homie you can "have it your way" when you're in BK It's really hood where my peeps stay I got LeBrons with the arms, D. Wades that let the heat spray My niggaz, y'all triggers in the heartbeat Blood thicker than water but we thicker than concrete Uhh, so say the word and I'm near If it's somewhere not near, I guess I'll be in the air on the next thing smokin, hopin it was a Lear so I can get there quick enough to get you in the clear I'm just sittin here vibin, sippin on this Clear (Ah, ah) Like damn I love you Grown ass man but I ain't scared to hug you We ride, I'm on your side like that man above you Put it all on me [Joe Budden] Yeah, Joey, l-look, look, look Know that I'ma give you my all, already proved it Any time your back's on the wall I'm down to move it O.G.'s respect me, real niggaz honor me Got my Bachelor's in number scams in a con degree Faggots ain't fond of me, frequent where the monsters be Loyalty comes first, guess I'm still an anomaly Always give you honesty, you gained that power Cause you down to stash the burner when you know it ain't showered And we ain't share a moms my nigga, we shared songs They tried to raise the bail, I was there like the bonds When your clientele got low, that was damn fine Without a speech I was the beach, brought you the tanline This is a warning, they cramp yours, they cramp mine We should've known if we both stars, who says we can't align? And even if we see a day we come apart The rules is still John Q, son can have my heart (heart) [Crooked I] My nigga now, you're in the L dot B dot The home of the sticky jars, we own it, the city's ours We rollin in 50 cars patrollin them titty bars Spend 20 large in the semis, ready for any charge We on some mobster shit No "you and me," it's "I and I," we on some Rasta shit My A-alike, I say it like we on some conscious shit Rock your watches, I dare niggaz to rob your shit Cause it's death before dishonor Our enemies best wear a vest when they step before piranhas, catch a Heckler or a llama Nothin protect you from the drama Cause I'ma be on point just like the edge of a katana, weapon wet you on my mama Uh, from the Eastside to the city limits - we run it all From the Benji flippin to the pretty women - we've done it all Before niggaz was big as Diggy Simmons And we still do so if you with me then my nigga listen to this intermission The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse & DJ Drama Album: On the House Song: Back the Fuck Up Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: DJ Drama] Ever since the beginning, who's house it was chose who runs the game Clearly in my profession, we know it's Dram's house {"Gangsta!"} When it comes to bars, oh these four niggaz right here, it's they house So before we +Welcome+ you +to Our House+, this one's +On the House+ [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] I said what the fuck are you lookin for? (for) Can't a young nigga get money anymore? (more) Can y'all bums get funny anymore? (more) Can my life get sunny anymore? Ay, back the fuck back 'fore I fuck you up Ay, back the fuck back 'fore I fuck you up You better back the fuck back 'fore I fuck you up Ha, Slaughterhouse!! (woo!) I came (I came) I saw (I saw) I conquered (I conquered) I'm a monster Yeah, back the fuck back 'fore I fuck you up You better back the fuck back 'fore I fuck you up, ay! [Royce Da 5'9"] Feelin like the greatest, Motor City's finest My crew lookin Jamaican, I'm rollin with the grinders They callin me Old Head, but so what the car's young I set the bar with these bars even though I'm bar none Hot car, top's off, hot broad, rock star Watch not flawed, tell y'all to watch dogs knock it off I'm too pretty to fight, this gonna end fast My clip long as Sinbad's when it's on its tenth blast Fuck y'all radio play, fuck y'all radio stations Long as I'm paid, my lady built like a long-legged alien If it all ended today, I can honestly say I performed and recorded with the greatest, word on "The Chronic" to Dre Now I'm as polished as Obama wipin down a diamond with the ass of Diamond from Crime Mob after she's had a shiny Armani hind-job, I'ma be straight And you can pick a rapper, any rapper, and line up the date I'm in a zone, where the fuck is the ref with the whistle? Don't gotta impress you, I just diss you The press pretzels the issue My homie Joey showed me the net, and I went and got me a gross net fiscal I'll stretch you like the Tec is a Bowflex pistol, so don't bet You would prefer me to be comin/cummin with you like phone sex with a sexy electrician whose next mission is to cut your buzz off if you don't rap right I ain't wrapped tight but I'm just that gift Crack piff, mac spit, Cadillac flips We can match whips, battle rap dick I'd rather have an actress on my mattress who givin me brain so long she don't know jack shit but how to do that dick Fact shit confidence of a fat chick Caught onto fashion from catchin bodies at Saks Fifth I came, saw and I conquered Pig gang, y'all talkin, I'm chain-sawin your tonsils [Joell Ortiz] Out for lunch with my accountant Back the fuck back down to Chase doin countin My bitch back the fuck back it up when I'm poundin Y'all funny style watchin Broke-the-fuck-back Mountain Y'all tuned into the Slaughters, the group fathers hate cause we move in on their daughters with shit news reporters Holdin they hand when they tryin to get interviews in order That's a chico stick ma, come and chew me, I'm a quarter of the House Gang, call it the crib mami These niggaz runnin tryin to get in our seat, bunch of Mitt Romney's But I stand at the podium with the fifth by me Screamin out "Yes we can, open yo' shit papi" I rap well so I'm a bit cocky From Maxell blank tapes with the tissue in it to disc copies To downloads in one click I'll be still rhymin when music's telepathic, you can come sit by me I'll stare at you with the rawest thoughts CNN y'all think news, CNN I think +War Report+ I say Big L you say weed, I say Harlem's boss A legend and I'm reppin for him and all that my sport has lost Hip-Hop ain't just a way of life It's all I know, it's what fill up my kid's cutty day and night When it got soft y'all conformed, man I stayed to fight Y'all threw on Bathing Apes, I went ape in my favorite Nikes Back the fuck back breddren I brought it back when rap was defective, please don't ask me no questions (Chill out) Friend or foe, speak quick Or I'll put this foot back the fuck back where you leak shit [Crooked I] Jumped in my DeLorean, hopped out in a ratchet era Basic hoes with reality shows, bring back Ciara Niggaz frontin, Instagram-ing somebody's Panamera Wack rappers ride to success smooth as Aloe Vera Guess we're here cause shit needs to switch like niggaz is robbin the poor just to feed the rich Overcrowdin markets, artists need a niche In Slaughterhouse our niche is, "Bitch, we's the shit!" So chicks want the dick in their midsection Do I pay for pussy? That's a trick question Problems I bench-pressed 'em I'm on some mirrors in the gym shit, I'm in this bitch flexin Get used to it, we back You dudes ruinin rap, more than a few view it as fact Crack your ProTools with a bat What kind of stupid ass music is that - no question mark It's simply rhetorical, I'm simply historical And you call yourself an MC? You horrible I'm simply an oracle The impact you feel when you hit the ground kneein the floor and know I'm on my "yes yes y'all" My soldiers don't eat with no mess hall My mindstate anti-sex doll, I don't fuck with you fake pussies Who I'm talkin about? I said yes y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse & DJ Drama Album: On the House Song: Coming Home Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Joell Ortiz] Oh word? That's how y'all felt? Thought it was gone huh? Hehehe Y'all sound stupid Slaughterhouse nigga, uhh {"Gangsta Grizzills!"} [Joell Ortiz] I heard the whispers, they thought that I was done befo' They thought Dre said I'm somethin he don't want no mo' They thought I got dropped, they thought I would stop I thought not, hopped out the square, thought out the box Listen I keep it real, I was hopin that the major work But I was indie again, time for some major work Already hungry but the non-believers made it worse Had me posted up in that booth, like e'ry day the 1st Who was supposed to give up? Nah, not me Man, post this shit up on +NahRight+ B Hello +World+ I'm a +Star+, look what I invented +Rap Radar+ identified with my spider senses I had the hip-hop game +On Smash+ And a title locked up, like Akon smashed Then I linked with three dudes who also say y'all trash With another chance to show you again So I'm holdin this pen like Bet you never thought that you'd be back in this position Got no answers for their questions and it kills you just to listen But-but-but you know, there's nowhere else left to go And I ain't coming home, I-I-I ain't coming home [Joe Budden] Joey, uhh It started with assault charges, B & E's, burglaries, some heats In a dark back alley block in them Jersey City streets Who knew, that I could prosper spittin out cause off Hennessy vodka The dudes that were meant to be partners'll mentally block ya And payin good pennies to watch ya from Denny's, the lobster But your own actions is what could esentially stop ya I come around and the track get nervous If you wrote 'em off, be able to track that purchase Hooked up to IV's or we had be deceased in the near My heated prayers fell on the Reaper's ears but he can hear If you're talkin chain of command, I wanna be clear We different links, how can an A-lister and Z share? Rodman with the trash talk, the magical walk with the black ball Way I bounce off the asphalt with cat paws Move relentless through the rumors And my mere presence says God got a funny sense of humor [Crooked I] Bet you never thought that you'd be back in that position I'm talkin to you bitches, arch your back in that position Your ratchet ass was missin You thought that I fell off but Shady/Aftermath musicians got you packin ammunition I'm back, the Circle Gang Boss Witness the resurrection my career came 'cross Jesus, name a vixen I can't toss She use her mouth to clean my thing off, and I call it gettin brainwashed Slaughter's hotter than ever To be hotter you gotta cop a Carrera, proud of your leather Walkin in executive's offices and holla you better, hit my pockets with cheddar Feed me paper like my pockets are a document shredder You really thought I'd get this money and behave? Niggaz left me for dead and did the dougie on my grave I'll break your purse for my perseverance Them same labels gettin raped for a verse and clearance For real [Royce Da 5'9"] God's favorite, dark horse of the devil's family I'm plan A 'til it's my damn day, failure's my plan B From ashy to fancy, behind bars to behind the bars They made it so I can fit an entire jail cell inside of my pantry My daughter's a down, she loves to see her father come She loves to blow bubbles with her bubblegum, now she lives inside of one Just accept it, got Martin King's heart, Martin Sheen's son's blood  cause missed me with your questions I am the Martin Scorsese of this profession It's why I'm outta here like Martin Lawrence said, get to steppin! And I did it doin the kind of music I like You's a fool, you thought that "Boom" would be my only highlight Slaughterhouse been outcasted, first we're here, then we're there Then we started to rhyme like we pretend to load our pens with lead Now we movin on up like the Jeffersons Cause things came full circle like the top of Sherman Hemsley's head, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse & DJ Drama f/ K-Young Album: On the House Song: Gone Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: DJ Drama] Truthfully, it's what the game did to us It's what it made me Me myself, I just try to get my name on the flyer That's it, and look back, like damn I did it It came with a price though At some point, we all gone [Chorus: K-Young] The room is spinnin My mind is running around in circles I can't even hear the thoughts I'm thinkin Cause I'm gone, I'm gone, gone gone Cause I'm gone, I'm gone, gone gone [Crooked I] Talkin to myself I tell me "Crooked is real as this" Life is a bitch and, death wanna steal a kiss Slap you when you're born, when you're gone they feel your wrist to see if your pulse still exists Livin in the belly, of the beast is a real abyss! Yeah, walk in a straight line is what you entertain Then you slang to pay your bills, that's your ying and yang A daily challenge to find balance within your brain There's somethin else, livin inside your heart, other than your pain I look at life as a lesson For me to change is like a Rolex for a gift, no better time than the present If not, I'ma be smokin chronic Drinkin on vodka 'til I choke on my own vomit cause life's a broken promise [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Royce Da 5'9"] When that Slaughterhouse album comin? What's the ETA? Where that good music at? Where that beat from 'Ye? Is Crooked and Yaowa only in that group  to keep from bein in the streets to distribute yay? Is Royce and Marshall 'bout to link and go their secret way? Is Joe gon' start a show with all his hoes like he the protˆ©gˆ© of Stevie J. for easy pay? Before y'all become a memory would y'all please do a song with Kendrick, Young Money, and MMG? These questions and suggestions they hard to maintain When you fuck with Flex but you worry what Charlemagne think? Cause you from the D and don't get no radio play in ya own home Long as y'all playin Sean I'm good, I'm grown, nigga I'm gone [Joell Ortiz] Have you ever tried to stop cryin but couldn't? Them shots fly in my hood and Sometimes it'll force a guy to say bye-bye to a good one Dust some slacks from in the back of that closet and button up Don't crumble up when you approachin his mother, that hug is tough It'll make you asthmatic, some can't hack it but look at me I wear my hat backwards and rap fantastic cause I'm a G Royce, far as that block I ride past that for them beats But my niggaz mathematics? Bad traffic, still in the streets Long as they there, I'm there, survivin for them ones But they won't stay there, I swear I'ma write 'em out the slums So when a gun is drawn in the hood man they good On my tour bus puffin bumpin this song; fuckin fans feelin lucky we gone [Joe Budden] Thought we were defyin the odds, I thought that we weathered the storm I thought that we'd travel the same road, I thought that we'd never conform Don't tell me you bastards tricked me, don't tell me that I was just wrong Cause now I'm masked and it gets to me whenever we're about to perform Thought we was about to heat up, it's takin a while to get warm If not for the fact that I love you niggaz and we all get along I swear I done been got, thought we could all see the writin on the wall Now I'm disheveled, we was rebels, it ain't as excitin as before Or maybe the fact that I've been solo so long it's kinda spoiled me or when I'm annoyed and I try to avoid becomin a victim of loyalty We were so cuttin edge... (yeah) My address is this fuckin ledge! Won't be unhappy, I know how I get one in this state If I let 'em fuck me this time, it'll be considered rape We were saviors on our own terms I've learned if any three of you have wavered let me know so I can wave good, nah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse & DJ Drama Album: On the House Song: Juggernauts Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Royce da 5'9"] Hey, we ain't really gotta keep goin through this Anybody 'bout to rap circles 'round you my nigga we 'bout to do it You about that bitch knowin that swag That's it, let me talk about us, we about that bitch throwin that swag We about that sittin on that ave Maybe cause we sittin on that ave, we about that pistol in that bag We about that fistfight, only after we grab a fistful of that cash We about that get right, what you are perceived the least but not last We are sickest scribblin with that pen and pencil and that pad And y'all talkin this and that, so what My clique can wrap my dough up - now picture that I write the sloppiest verses down you've seen, I hand it in for green so I can buy all of my bitches bags with the stacks and call the cash chicken scratch Slaughter baby we just gettin warm, y'all ain't fuckin nothin we can't fuck Y'all ain't drivin nothin we can't drive, if we can't afford it we just take yours And y'all little niggaz just misinformed Shady blew up, took the game, turn around, ten years later he gave it to the [Chorus 2X: sample of Eminem from 50 Cent's "Patiently Waiting"] "The juggernauts of this rap shit, juggernauts of this rap shit" "Juggernauts of this rap shit, juggernauts of this rap shit" "Juggernauts of this rap shit, juggernauts of this rap shit" "Juggernauts of this rap shit, like it or not" [Crooked I] Slaughterhouse! Some of you niggaz is bitches too, you rockin panties (huh) Sit down when you pissin too, you niggaz trannies (huh) What you stand for is beneath me, you understand me (huh) Niggaz get X'd like the Professor and juggernauts run in our family (huh!) Homie I was makin text before that Martin Margiela And niggaz was rockin Avirex, now how rappers date my exes And I'm still rated X - stick my dick so far down a bitch's throat it'll come out on her other side and turn a blowjob into anal sex Ain't no next cause I got now until I decide to bow, I vow your style It ain't gon' mean a thang cause I came to +Bring the Pain+ like Tical Nigga now, we the juggernauts of this rap shit Bust a shot with ya ratchet when suckas droppin that wack shit [Joell Ortiz] Ask them hood niggaz if I hug the block Ask these broads if I slide on that glove and uppercut that box Man I come from the roughest so if I come up in the spot and you buggin I'm tellin you suckas watch I'ma take off your fuckin watch and, scratch a big old B a nigga head, scream "Juggernaut!" He hot, that don't mean that he nice, y'all get that confused a lot 2Pac, I don't sacrifice what I write for the newest drop Big Pop, us big boys still clean down to the socks Then sprinkle a little Big L on top, I'm what the fuck you got I'm P-Puerto Rock, with a pen and Eminem as a friend I'm touchin this Entenmann's That's cake, you lil' boys don't get it so listen let's make amends We don't wanna be bullies, y'all don't wanna get beat up, so lift your knees up and start runnin or put your knees down on the ground and bow cause we the [Joe Budden] Look, it's House Gang on that +Shady+ Street so you already know that address Where he lose his head so they assumin he dead before that body even hit that bag yet Be face-to-face with them slugs, sad cause my goons ain't load that mag yet On the bottom of the ocean, floatin, they hopin they gon' find your ass with that Dragnet NAH! Blat, blat, blat, you're listenin to a juggernaut She just gon' sit by the pool 'til one nigga decide if I'm ready to fuck or not Rappers contingent on everything other then rap so no we ain't discussed a lot It's sad when they wait for your passion, not do it for cash when they tell me they up the pot Nigga you would too, if you knew, what this game'll do to you Been in this since 2002, look at all the bullshit I've been through So-called beef with nobodies, I'd mention them but they nobodies They say they killers, got no bodies, I'm sober talkin on no Mollies It's Joe, probably won't throw not one bottle in the club Honestly it's worthless killin the purpose of these hollows and these gloves And really I'm havin a much better time on the couch with these models on my nuts The minute we reign is the minute you'll see us show these cock-a-roaches love What up? [Outro: Joe Budden echoing] What on Earth will the fuck boys do now? Tah, same shit they been doin Gettin fucked The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse & DJ Drama Album: On the House Song: On the House Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Crooked I] Yeah Brooklyn I'm in the booth doin my Joell Ortiz dance Ah, ah, ah, ha ha (DJ Drama, FUCK these niggaz!) [Crooked I] Ever since I start hangin with Slim Shady it's makin the pigs hate me They racist as Dick Cheney; scared to shake my hand like maybe they'd get rabies They angry, this shit's crazy So I'm fuckin they hoes, they ladies get mixed babies I live mainly like I'm rollin a script Written for somebody who holdin his dick That mean I never let a bitch play me Ay me? I'm off beat, stop it Young Buck You're not hip to the flow fallin in awkward pockets Like the small one in your top hip dumbfuck (Crook keep goin) Teach your class while the speakers blast New niggaz out here eatin ass; bottoms up like their drinkin glass Sinkin fast, not on no battleship, I'm not on no battle shit I'm the king of spaz, rippin beats in half The back room to the cypher, nigga you name it! From Funk Flex to "Weight Scale" nigga you name it! (Keep goin!) And you bitch niggaz givin me hell Your body lean when the shotty ring Like freedom, and crack, you're like the Liberty Bell A 180 spin then he fell, I'm givin my enemies L's No disrespect but I'll send them to where the Kennedys dwell Sick as a young Ozzy, Osbourne I's born to be kamikaze, that's airborne Pop you like Asti Spumante Body meet the concrete then I creep, then cock beat your auntie, in rare form Lames I never care for 'em I'm callin shots from a lawn chair with a air horn Goin hard on them hoes If I sock-her it's part of my goals, call it carnival closed, you've been fair warned I even put a 1-8-7 on your spouse Like she got AIDS sperm on her mouth, that's on the house! [Interlude: Joell Ortiz] Ay Crook, that's how you feel huh? I can dig it my G House Gang This one's on the house fellas! Ha ha! [Joell Ortiz] Hey Crook I'm doin my dance too It's all +Head and Shoulders+, no shampoo Beaver gang, who fuckin with my damn crew? Why the lights flickerin? Why the amp blue? Cause I'm in this bitch muh'fucker, give me my chant, woo! Yaowa! I'm right at home, I recite a poem from inside my bone marrow, narrow the microphone Kings down to fall like you crawlin tryin to get out the door But blaze behave while we let the gasoline gallons pour Better than whoever you pointin at So though I'm not done, like a marijuana cypher bring this joint back Hey Crook I'm doin my dance too It's all +Head and Shoulders+, Goddamn boo you lickin on the bamboo stick Sugar, prissy bitch, look where my dick took her Don't walk with your nose in the air if you got big boogers Puerto Rican 6-footers, sick shooter 38-special with the speed loader, they call me quick nucca Knick pusher, turn thick booker, rhyme spit cooker Slice and dice rap beef, I'm the clips butcher Got Gotham City goin insane I'll come up out the bat cave holdin a cane Everyone remain calm, I'm Bruce Wayne Where the fuck is Bane?! Maintain stamina, my AK caliber flow and say hello and push your brainwaves out of ya mayne See how you ride with your handlebars off of your frame Throw grenades to your crib, bang, House Gang! In came the truth in 'em, out came you lames We don't play the skinny jeans and the blouse game We just tryna feast, bon appetit Y'all Chinese prisoners gonna eat, ha ha, chow mein Bitch nigga, try to stop the kid's figures and I'll put yo' ass on a plate, like a pinch hitter Don't try to +Rob+ DeNiro from Ben Stiller Cause I'll +Meet+ you +Fockers+ with a cold right, that's a chinchilla On the House! {"GANGSTA!"} [Outro: Royce] Yeah, Goddamn Slaughterhouse GAAAAAAAAAANG! Yeah {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse & DJ Drama Album: On the House Song: See Dead People Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {"You are now listening to AraabMuzik"} [Intro] I, I see dead people I, I, I see dead people I, I-I, I see dead people {"GANGSTA!"} I, I, I see dead people [Royce Da 5'9"] I said, different day, same sick language You a game, I'm a game of Russian Roulette Pain and Kurt Cobain mixed with Bane drenched in purple rain I rearrange your prints, cut ya fingers off Mail 'em to your son's kindergarten class, in a Remy Martin glass Note attached sayin, "Billy call your dad" Signed sincerely, he really caught it bad He clearly could not dial you The alcoholic induced me in a coma, can sleep, the hostile you See murder, my style true, Basquiat, Reebok shoe Our guns ain't comin out, if we not shootin Yours? Yours is comin out with Detox 2 When we shot, woo! We shock Which one of y'all niggaz wanna box the King Cobra? I'll mop ya team sober I'm not stoppin 'til they drop me in a box in a mausoleum Sayin "Here lies an artist with an audience broader than Joselyn's shoulders" Hip-Hop played with the flow, related to poem The greatest to go in, favor Patrˆ„n Maybe record a poem with Oprah and play it back for Raven-Symonˆ© Later niggaz! (Later niggaz) I got a crush on Queen Latifah cause I had a dream we got our fuck on without the Monie love; I'm whylin on these drugs It's just, me and my team and an obscene amount of girls You can eat our dust, we playin ring around the world I said you know, that we are, so crazy (I, I see dead people; I, I, I see dead people) And plus we know (I-I-I see dead people) That we are (I, I-I, I see dead people) So crazy (I, I-I, I see dead people) (I, I, I see dead people) [Crooked I] Yeah, I see 'em too with my +Sixth Sense+, they prowlin  while I'm browsin through your housing With the authority to do you horribly, leave you in 8 sections like fixed rent While your bitch bent over extendin my dick's lift Doggystyle literally when she make my cock expand yo And you barkin up the wrong tree again Nothin's three-dimensional, different plain of existence The only role the clairvoyant human being can see me in My theatrics lean, psychiatrics right Like these raps gettin ghost-written By somebody psychopathic, residin inside of my psyche's attic Inspirin rap shit that the coke get in Or it might be acid - constipation, no shit And it might be magic, that's it! Speakin of magic All I need is a package of the Magnums  and a thick snow bunny to pull off the illest rabbit-in-hat trick I'm throwin verbals at you, before my circles slapped you Ay, guess what I heard If you anti-snitch it can bring down even the greatest person, that true? I guess so, go ask Joe Paterno's statue I'm (CRAZY NIGGA!) The instrumental's loopin I sit in a mental institution with screws loose in my temple Sendin you simpletons delusions, confusin your views  with simple distribution, the lyrics I'm usin to abuse you [Joell Ortiz] Y'all crazy man, I ain't crazy man, tell 'em Swayze man They think I'm nuts, like a squirrel baby hands Pattin the ground, buryin my ex-girl's new man's left testicle next to two stands Yellin Shady fans, startin the rescue range of {?} painted grands hand But that ain't the case man I'm just tryna save fans from the same damn million and 80 grams 3-80 blam bars while I wipe my RayBands sunny cause they can't mummy I mean rap, y'all get the point like E.T. back in the '80s So ease back when Ortiz rap It's the Navy, Air Force, Army and Marines packed in an ABC opposition operative robot Built by the fans who feel y'all so not that ill so they scream Yaowa when your show start Will devour you cowards, firin rounds from high-powered go-karts 'til your entire town's in the shower and the soap drops Fuck! Like the last nut who sucked my blowpop Cause I'm charmin and my schlong felt like King Kong's arm and a {?} twat Antibiotics, my psychotic is sick Recite the Bible on the toilet cause my God I'm the shit! Grab my iPod and it skips All you hear is the House like sittin on Amityville couch sayin "Michael you a bitch" See, see? Pumpin with thorozine, I can't see Sido, e-mail from horror scenes, see C dog Thought I see red people All I see C.C. Sabathia's scum track, maybe it's a whole bunch of dead people [DJ Drama] Wait, hold up Joey, put the cigarette out Come get on this shit [Joe Budden] IT'S THAT ON TOP~! Wonder why he different from his boys, my temperament's annoyed Sigmund Freud, belligerent on Ritalin and 'roids Don't, look for a reason, all sentiment is void Oh and pencil and I'm coy when I enter and destroy Watch the tape slow mo and took the stand, face blam Raised my left hand, spit on the Bible as I approached Then grabbed the mic screamed "It's over for you roaches" We can close this only thing that make me crazy, they can't figure out a motive See I'm bipolar, you minimalize my mental strides Memorize the track enterprises if I've been inside In my eyes flesh is meat tenderized, my heart winterized If God put my sins aside I swear I'll start genocide My funeral should look like a general died Dogs there, let the kennel inside And they'll that say he insane though, me I'd agree with that claim though Peep my angle, but some would say he is an angel Never gave a fuck, druggin way too many in my state of serenity Keep it mangled, how can me and him be in the same boat? Ain't no, jokes left, read Fantasia with the Reading Rainbow Pee and flee in the same clothes It's just 2012, Lou Ferigno, I just blow Head in a fish bowl, headed to hell dipped in Crisco And walk over your eclipse, show me where it is You was eaten, turned into Al Green with a phobia of grits I know dudes that never took the fall for they body Skipped childhood, perhaps couldn't afford an Atari Record the homi', call Ferrari, look forward if you try to maul the real Paul McCartney You mighta thought this out awkwardly Not neurotic, this perpetual And homeboy that ain't saliva, it's last week's Molly residue That demon I carry is heavy So whoever said that's a hard pill to swallow must never met me My new nickname’Äôs "Approach With Caution" Owe me money, I resurrect if you approach that coffin Take my kindness for weakness it'll be your last error Wrote my thin line between love and hate in mascara Give me gasoline, pliers, cleaver, don't forget the wrench More oil on his tongue, easier to get him pitched Slaughterhouse fucktard, believes you ain't get the hint? Basement full of insides, freezer full of ligaments Let that be a warning if you eager to gettin rich Gut you niggaz whole, use Febreze just to rid the stench You're devoured - work magic with a weapon And I'm as indecisive as D. Howard, you bleed coward Be certain if you see a guy lurkin  through your blinds and curtains, it's Tyler Durden, and verbal Can't merge and emergin as if it's just artificial insemination Only here for revenge cause to him it's just ventilation Pissed off and annoyed, he was goin in incineration by a virgin menstuatin as a nurse continue racin +Truman Show+ his whole life, watch the demonstration And that's one way of FUCKIN the world, no penetration Don't know what to make of you +The Sixth Sense's+ sequal in life form but way more than +Unbreakable+ [Outro: Joe Budden] The game of the super group is bein changed right now my nigga I said (OHH!) House Gang That's right pops, let me talk my shit before we go off (OHH!) Ohh, alright pops I guess that's enough shit talking Ya mean, I think these niggaz get it Y'all know, right? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse & DJ Drama f/ Freeway Album: On the House Song: Sucka MC's Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: DJ Drama] Sometimes you gotta wonder Maybe it's the competitive nature of the game The story kills 'em [Freeway] This is the way the story goes, when you in it for the dough And you swingin for the fence, close friends'll turn to foes Act just like hoes, want you to get the dinner for 'em Niggaz tryin to slow, walk me but I been up on 'em Partly cause part of me got love for 'em But a part of me got a slug for 'em It's hard for me, he was there from the start of me Shared gear, see part of me still cares But part of me feels, he 'bout to try to come to my house to slaughter me Wait 'til I hit the balcony then Dr. Martin me This heart full of larceny, they think I'm the dollar tree Since I'm the nigga with the WEIGHT, and they AIN'T They're like P90X tryin to make me lose calories State Prop' chain gang maintain salary Freezer send his goons through hourly, devouring It's just the Philly in me Word to Joey Crack, +Jealous Ones En-vy+, sucka MC's Fuck haters, get cheese [Chorus: Freeway] {"I can see my friends, turn green with envy"} J-J-J-Jealous Ones En-vy, sucka MC's Fuck haters, get cheese {"I can see my friends, turn green with envy"} J-J-J-Jealous Ones En-vy, sucka MC's [Royce Da 5'9"] I said with friends like these who needs enemies? Inside this evil industry where the green breeds greed, envy and schemes of, bein easy, dreams of seein me up under guillotines But the Desert Eagle I'm bringin with me can be its wings It's supposed to be 'bout respect Your boys'll watch you spend some of your dough and then they'll count the rest and bounce before you can bounce a check He not jealous, he just wants you to split whatever you get with him And all that he sees is all that you bought and it sticks with him The snake in the grass from the Garden of Eden, it bit him The first recorded sin for 4 to 10 to 25 to life I can quote stories of lead from off the top of my head like I don't write Drunk and high on life, I learned to back up my own hype When I had to steal back my own bike Pastor's on me like "pass the collection plates" of white on rice God fearin, my only flaw's my giving heart It's not conducive to being frugal and living smart Maybe I'll die dumb Leavin behind a beautiful corpse known for my hand on my balls like Cy Young Eyes numb from constantly stayin open And constantly bein haunted by promises they broken We supposed to get money [Crooked I] The bottom of a vodka bottle describes my drink behavior You're far from biblical scriptures if you're thinkin a drink can save ya What happens when your semen donor leaves the streets to raise ya? You raise your heat, ready to go HAM like Lincoln Abra' Ay bruh, I know this stripper who was talkin to this nigga, who was talkin while he tipped her 'Bout the pitch in his zippers, he be flippin to get them chippers He told her about his stash, slip of the tongue off the liquor Yeah I used to dick her, now I call her my play sister Yeah, we can trust her, we can bust in on that buster while he's with her With a ski mask, gloves and snubs doin it like a crook should Slapped the bitch up a couple of times to make it look good He said, "Damn Crooked, you frozen cold" When I'm broke, these are the types of thoughts that overload my dome When I'm alone I done dirt that I never ever even told a soul But my soul knows, Ortiz I need to slow my roll [Joell Ortiz] (Yaowa) You lil' suckers, muh'fucker I'll put a verse from every one of you dud busters and Fuddruckers Y'all swingin but goin nowhere, mud putters Walking 'round all sour you little bud puffers I'm done dudda, shottas, poppa I let the gun stutter, clap that booty, niggaz I'll gun-butt ya One mother, no father, no sisters, no brother Couple cousins, why bother? I'm one of one plus uhh Who gives a fuck about the next man, my jet land Your face all blue, orange, you mad like a Mets fan I'm Brooklyn, like the Atlantic Ave, Nets and I run with +wildcats+ like the next season's Jet plans Feel the fire like Rex man You make one half of Smith & Wesson sign to Russell, man your Tec jam This is rusty, ain't been popped in forever My Glock sever your top, better not diddy-bop through my block in your lever Pussy~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse & DJ Drama Album: On the House Song: Truth or Truth Pt. 1 Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: DJ Drama] + (Royce) (Yeah) And like that... we gone! (Yeah) Slaughterhouse (Nickel) "Welcome to Our House" help nights (Turn the beat up a lil' Asar) This one, it's "On the House" (yeah) They still call me Thanks for short (yeah) YOU'RE WELCOME! [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm stressed out so much I'm like, "Why stress it?" Am I selfish, for askin myself "Would, you rather count money or count blessings?" Now that's a wild question Fame turned my life upside-down I guess it was meant to be like passin Beyoncé a Tic-Tac And that ain't a diss, this way more to me than a diss track ... Jay-Z is God to me! ... Nas is God to me! Eminem is like Big and 'Pac to me And if you disagree I hope you BLEED hypocrisy! And this'll be the realest shit I ever wrote Shoutout to all the crazy bitches I've been involved with Thank y'all for makin my wife a crazier bitch than y'all bitches Y'all might've lost me but y'all win And this'll be the realest shit I ever wrote Now let's talk about the BET Awards when Kanye went to the podium for the win and mentioned everyone in the same category as him but me and Em He said they motivated him And normally that would be ammo to hate on him But that ain't my M.O.! My M.O. is to be mo' motivatin This new-wave culture is so cultivatin Where the fuck do I fit in? And this'll be the realest shit I ever wrote I've succumb so much to this game I feel sorrow I answer more questions about the 40 and Game squabble than I answer questions that I ask myself "Are you a good father?" The answer's "Well, fuck this! Royce got a game tomorrow" I ain't gotta spell out the offers If bein famous means speakin to people in offices over bein there for your sons and daughters ... I'm off this I know the last couple of lines kinda fell out of the pocket But I don't give a fuck! Let me tell you this When was the last time you cop some shit where it actually came out of your pocket? Answer that! If I gotta answer questions from you You gotta answer questions from me! I'm fuckin my whole life up for YOU? Answer this question "What the fuck are you doin for ME?" Answer that! Still I love my fans Even though you all lookin me like I'm just this drunk nigga that's just throwin up behind shit, blowin up But nigga I ain't throwin up shit but my hands And this is just me growin up Courtney Artesia, Kino and Vish Please support me I need ya But in reality an artist is supposed to be supported by easels But in the meanwhile, I'm just supported by evil [Joe Budden] Uhh, okay, seem Nah nah, bring that back up, bring that back up Don't fade me out on this one, I need the organs on this I need the organs for this "Truth or Truth" real quick What up Royce? You inspire me And I picked truth for the record I mean, uh, I'm no longer fuckin amused I mean I addressed this shit on "Cut You Loose" How long am I supposed to stick around for this fuckin abuse? E'ry time I go to leave, I figure fuck is the use? I endure it for the true fans that covered that new Or is that just another fuckin excuse? Do I do it for attention cause I crave it? I won't mention it, I'll save it If you know me then you know a nigga treasure anonymity Nigga thought that as a man, you must be kiddin me And I'm startin to feel like my fans are now condemnin me Listen, I don't owe y'all shit Same Joe I am today is the same Joe y'all get Y'all will interrupt a nigga while he at his place of worship and think that came along with your $20 purchase You bought the music, not the nigga that made it But let me touch up on that nigga that made it If you're judgin me on actions then I'll take that L every time if you conclude Joe Budden is a corny muh'fucker Cause all it mean if I'm a corny muh'fucker is the greatest rapper ever's just a corny muh'fucker! My bad, I'm not as street as you But all this time I was bein me, not bein you I get behind that mic, let all my demons through without knowin SHIT about the people that I'm speakin to Add that to me not seein a reason to And that says a lot in a room full of silence, listen At 21 I had a drug problem At 31 still drugs is a problem But the thing about that pill is it made e'rything real and I felt I needed to see Funny thing about it all, I ain't like what I saw Now the Lord's voice is in my head like "You'll be DEAD soon for questionin me" Another lesson for me Far greater than whatever I profess it to be Cause if left to me, I'd put our eyes in our brains We'd over-think what we see and our whole lives would change But fuck it, that day had to come Who ever knew that I would have a son? I coulda guessed it, I was fuckin like a rabbit But I never saw him handle scoliosis like his dad did Never knew me and Ronnie would talk again Fuck a rhyme, I'm just happy that we talk again Who knew that the second I acknowledged you You would get terminally ill, be in the hospital The thought of you leavin is what fucks with me I'm scared to death of gettin full custody Nigga I look in the mirror disgustingly So how am I supposed to feel the day that he looks up to me? I always said you were the worst baby-mother I had ex-girl confused with baby-mother And there lies my problem with our creator All the times I wanted her black ass dead, you wouldn't take her Don't do it now, I need her Understand, it don't get no realer See how I go to bed with thoughts of a damn killer But rather show y'all my girl through these Instagram filters Look at her, don't look at me Cause if y'all judgin y'all would throw the book at me Speakin of shorty, nah I'll do that in private It might be a little soon for me to let her know how I get Shit, and now we right back at one Real quick, let me get back to my son When a nigga was like He said "Dad I'm weird, but I don’t have a problem with that" And I was like haha, I laughed and I was like "Well #1, why do you think you're weird? And #2, why don't you have a problem with that?" And he looked me in my eyes and he was like "Well I say I'm weird #1 because I know I'm weird And I don't have a problem with it cause that's me and whoever don't like it they don't really have to be around me I'm comfortable with me and who I am" And right there, that was cold In my head I thought that was bold Illest shit about it all said that at 10 years-old So I could die right now I could die right now and feel like he got the most important part of Joe Or, better than that I could die right now and feel like he know all he need to know Joey... Royce what up Last night we cried tears of joy This morning they were still there Was handicap without the wheelchair That's what we are, but fuck it We'll be the sacrificial lamb for y'all niggaz Hate it or love it Leave all of that B, fuck it [Crooked I] Yeah man, I kinda feel where my nigga was coming from You know, both my niggaz You know, baby moms was on WorldStar and shit Y'know, talk about I don't take care of my junior Heh, me and my nigga's straight though Yo, yo my little nigga rap I just let it be you know, cause people get their feelings hurt over other shit so I just let it go you know, I ain't have no rebuttal But uhh... when you grew up fucked up Nobody's perfect y'know? But I'm perfect for this This rap shit man, heh, yeah Eastside Long Beach, Atlantic Avenue and Hill Crooked was a youngster, my ghetto attitude was real Thumper in the waist case I had to shoot to kill Rocking dumb mics cause I had was stupid skill Eastsiders we cypherin about a bus bitch Some sippin toca vodka, others had the blunt pitched A lot of them niggaz died, sweatshirt blood drenched Others went to jail, they hit a lick and left thumbprints Long Beach, I salute your grind Even though you think you I sold out you not salutin mine I don't come around much, I'm on music's time Lost and found, I found when I'm broke I lose my mind So I hustle like, I'm on a hunger strike Without a doubt when I cuff a mic I leave a body count like the shotty's out Cause I'm from a group called Slaughter-rap-better-than-everybody-House Now they think I'm in the game and stuntin But I'm like an orgasm man I +came+ from +nuttin+ Some of you from the 'burbs, but you claim you wasn't So lame you struttin, with a cane you frontin Fuck all that, if I was born rich I would rhyme about it I was born poor in a ditch, I'm rhymin tryna climb up out it Tryna avoud a life of crime I'm 'bout it Some say I'll be fine without it but I kinda doubt it Death around the corner, prison breathin down my neck Chasin paper 'til a nigga wheezin out of breath IRS wanna fuck me, I ain't even outta debt Said they Young Buck me, tryna squeeze me outta checks Yeah, them fools tryna squeeze me outta checks Don't talk to Dominick unless you pay ya momma's rent With marijuana sent outta town them dollars spent My own fam wanna grab the steel and harm me But I got the nuts to kill an army Word to Killarmy, man all them killers adore me BET red carpet, the steel was on me To put a slug in my flesh and blood wouldn't feel good Serena Crip-walking at the Olympics, I'm still hood Still me, 'til my candle is blown So many secrets I only told to a glass of Patrón Half of my father's family died off cancer alone He called me sick, I didn't answer the phone How does it feel to know that your son doesn't care? Cause you wasn't there, life wasn't fair I look at steps in the wrong direction, another stair/stare Yeah motherfucker yeah I swear, just the other motherfuckin night dawg Like niggaz, niggaz rolled in front of my studio on my kid's life, knahmean? I ran through the fuckin studio to my office, grabbed that .357 thang man Came out wavin, I'm bout to bust, the police pass by My lil' brothers told me I needed to chill, knahmean? This is what I do man, this is this is the life I live for real dawg This ain't no motherfuckin rap music Just the other night I coulda killed a nigga man, knahmean? I wouldn't be here rappin about this shit Think about it man... [Joell Ortiz] Uhh, my grandmoms left me, father don't exist Baby moms stress me, my momma got a cyst My oldest son love football  and the little nigga hands is mean But he chronic asthmatic so he fully suited on the sidelines wishin he could be in there but still cheerin for his team My youngest son got nervous usually Sometimes he cry to me I'm lookin at him like it's not yo' fault You was conceived when daddy was such a slave to his every day anxiety I worked at UPS for a week And my boss ain't have to fire me I wasn't fit to lift boxes, I quit, so don't put me in that box when I spit My life wasn't too motherfuckin fly for me Wasn't too muh'fuckin fly for me From the lobby huffin and puffin runnin from robbery To Crooked I, Royce Da 5'9?, Joe Budden Homie from the Goodie Mob and me carvin artistry Celebratin escapin poverty, ashy knees and no socks Chinese outta hocks But that was on the first, other than that liver works and the government sent me my yellow cheese in box Y'all ain't have that yellow cheese in a box Last night I cried tears of joy But the other night I cried tears, my boy no longer here, I can't hear his voice I guess upstairs they playin dealer's choice Popped a pill with Joe, I'm sippin Clear with Royce Crook, light a cigar nigga! My little homie just hit the pen Went in a younger dodi, came out a senior citizen And them crackers just denied me Fuck dawg! I can't even sneak a visit in I ain't hustlin no more if y'all listenin Y'all niggaz only get the music man Y'all don't know what be goin on with a nigga day to day I mean shit I ain't complainin or nothin like a nigga stand on his own two and hold it down But it's realer than you think nigga You think I give a fuck about a rap list? I just left my condo, hopped up in my car, I'm on my way to fuck an actress I don't need y'all to remind me 'bout my pen and pad gift and how my ad-libs subtract your wack spit Multiply my visits to chase, divide mad chips among four other niggaz who spaz quick! Nah nigga, this ain't no rap clique This is a motherfuckin takeover I want another Range Rover I got such a hangover celebratin the fact my mother become sober My uncle fadin from that needle though Found out he fully blown a couple weeks ago My aunt tested negative but it's the same result cause she gon' die on the same day that he stop breathin yo To know me ain't to love me Nah, to know me is to know me Cause you ain't got to like me but respect that I ain't phony Not a nominee for Tony’s or +Oscars+ for +Mayer+ baloney What you see is what you get Hope you gettin what you see cause what you seein is a threat Come at me with indirects I ain't gon' write a song about you, I'ma knee you in your neck And write a song about how I just beat you half to death Don't play with me lil' niggaz I'm just a grown ass man tryna feed my family through this talent God gave me I honestly don't care if you hate me But don't, fuck, with my money Anything else I say will be dry snitchin on myself and how dumb would that be House Gang! YAOWA! [Outro: DJ Drama] Seein that you niggaz are still here You better buy that motherfuckin album The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse & DJ Drama Album: On the House Song: Weight Scale Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*"Today's agenda" - Notorious B.I.G.*} [Royce Da 5'9"] Ridin with them sodomy sisters Pistol on hip, hip to your pistol The day I bow down to a bitch'll be the day I throw a bottle at Rihanna inside of a strip club (Fresh off that weight scale, fresh off that, fresh off that, fresh off that) {"Today's agenda"} Ridin with them sodomy sisters Pistol on hip, hip to your pistol The day I bow down to a bitch'll be the day I throw a bottle at Rihanna inside of a strip club Leave the booth just to leave a tooth floatin around inside of your pimp cup What goes around comes around in the form of karma Nah, that's probably just me ridin around your town in a Fisker Pennin a rhyme equivalent to a winnin lottery ticket Uh, fresh of that weight scale Livin a crooked heaven on Earth, givin them straight hell Kick in the door of them awards, wonderin where are we sittin Niggaz with tight jeans lookin like where are they fittin Beware of they writtens, it's parallel to an Arab sittin  in the terrorist cockpit headed for hell's kitchen I talk greasier than Harold's Chicken Don't cross me I leave scales tippin I'm comin (fresh off that weight scale, fresh off that weight scale) (Fresh off that, fresh off that, fresh off that weight sc...) My bitch curvy as a Persian virgin's features She here to serve me, she here to disturb the reaper I keep bank, speak Franklin's, word to Aretha I'm fly as a bird and high as the Burj Khalifa I ride with kings, y'all ride with fiends You fraudulent niggaz remind me of a Ponzi scheme One of y'all niggaz probably was cool in school The rest of y'all niggaz was clowns, we should call you the Fonzi team I'm hate-prone Niggaz listen like "Ain't this about a bitch?" like it's a Drake song cause my cake long So stay strong cause your bitch, givin me cheekbone like Grace Jones usin my dick like a payphone But she ain't gettin the call back, she gettin the ball sack Hittin the jaw just where we parked at Quick as a car jack, I ain't tryna be funny I'm tryna be missionary lyin on top of my money I'm comin - fresh off that weight scale (scale) [Crooked I] {"Today's agenda"} What the fuck would I stop for? Knowin I need more guap stored in my sock drawer They want an encore when the flow is at mach four King of the jungle, no lyin/lion, I let the Glock roar And this bullet-proof vest is irrelevant I'm tellin them look at your melon, I'm nailin a shell in it And the shell is movin right through your melanin to your skeleton Then the felon is bellin the same pitch the fella was yellin and Police sirens respond to heat firin I'ma keep firin, I'ma flee, I'ma be quiet I'm a G, I'm a beat tyrant From Long Beach and I'm Eastside I oughta, bury you artists like an artifact Serious as a heart attack, Dodger hat, Slaughter tats Roger that, Art of Rap, that's me Can't believe Ice never thought of that, who the fuck brought it back? (Fresh off that weight scale, fresh off that weight scale) (Fresh off that, fresh off that, fresh off that weight sc...) Fresh off that weight scale I guess I'm Canibus and Kool Moe Dee, cause it's hard for me, to take L's I'm tryna make more cake than a bake sale Tell the jakes I'ma make bail then escape cause I hate jail All these rappers sayin they spittin hard raps Before I buy that shit, show me the Barfax I got a tongue like a sharp ax I got a ton of rhymes flyer than anything launchin off tarmacs This is how real it is When I ghostwrite for niggaz I'm speakin through them, I'm really just a ventriloquist A iller lyricst, a hint of ignorance A pinch of militant, a perfect description of what this nigga is Pull out a scale and weigh CD's Then distribute it to the fans, 'til they need me I'm a drug dealer so put out an APB The same shit that gave these '80s babies A.D.D.! Comin (fresh off that weight scale) [Joell Oritz] {"Today's agenda"} Pyrex sit in the kitchen feelin your eye sweat Grippin your wrist and watchin that pie stretch Pitchin to different niggaz for figures, never slippin 5-0 trippin, I dip on them through the projects Dope boy mindset, gotta get this money Apply the same grind to this rhyme shit, dummy Pick a pad, pick a pen, pick a track, pick a flow I pick it apart like a locksmith diggin in his nose Sit in the park with the Dre's on, waist on, heavy to eight long Put brains on pre-K, the shell is a crayon Man I'm just tryna write, please leave me alone Cause I ain't tryna fight, I'm a different Iron Mike Bite your ear with a syllable, lay a hook that'll finish you Throwin jabs at you little dudes, my opponents get rid of you Hit my corner and listen to Eminem, Crook and Nickel While Joey fuckin the ring girl, man this fight is unfixable Uhh, you rockin with a BQE boy That BB, QZQ's and BB Kings with D-boys Today's agenda, flame contenders And have they dame givin brain to they favorite member Yaowa (fresh off that weight scale) [Joe Budden] {"Today's agenda"} Diary of a madman Machete choke Joe in half and here I am Ain't gotta lie, what you see is what you get, ain't nothin modified Me, I give 'em the same song, go check with Spotify Don't get the context wrong, I'm the same G Spendin old money, y'all swear it was the same G Yeah these model hoes cute and entertain me And though I let 'em go to the head, they never change me Far from innocent Your favorite rapper got a head-nod before he approached to check my temperament I wake Sleepy Hollow, should've done a CAT scan Go to Colorado right now and watch "Batman" So my dad think I'm stylin, how when I'm everything he'd be if these new drugs was out then Owe it to holmes, rollin stone But how I wouldn't let a stone roll, wonder why I'm stone cold? Problem child to aggravated adult Got bad cards but I ain't blamin my hand, it's logic I hate jewelry and authority the same So how the fuck you think I feel about a chain of command? I'm sayin I tell you how you different from I Y'all was huggin the block, I kiss it goodbye Sober, my last drinkin game  started with Truth or Dare and ended with me thinkin a name So y'all call it out of control, I'm confused when To think that you in somethin to me is the illusion There's your answer, verbal slash cancer Now the strip club is a basement, I just came in with some dancers House Gang, the clan made it Used to be scared of {?}, thought the Klan made it ... Joey the fan favorite Love then hate it both cause I can't fake it And if I did I would never tell I said that all wrong, y'all would never tell I keep the mindfuck tucked for the jezebels Even if they help make it, shit would never fail BIATCH!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse & DJ Drama Album: On the House Song: Where Sinners Dwell Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*chainsaws revving and pigs squealing*} [Intro: DJ Drama] Prime example Quality street music, at its finest [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm comin from the depths of the city where sinners dwell We finish frail niggaz with shells from splinter cells When losers win winners fail - I'll cut your nose off  to spite your face until you decay, you can't even call your scent a smell Mami draggin a donkey, I pin a tail I been writin so dark and for so long my pen is pale For the money I'll impale your heart with twenty ten-inch nails Put a hole in your racket like I turned your tennis ball into a spinnin snail I laid off they whole flow on my day off, I sprayed off that fo'-fo' And I made off with mo' dough than Madoff, I'm the Adolf, Hitler of this shit bruh No soul, my skeleton sleek; yo' hoe got a hella physique I hope she know I shoot boat loads, bon appetit When she get to this house I'ma spit this out, turn a chicken's mouth to a pelican beak Heartbeat ready, as I get done up, sloppy steady Watch her do it, slob that knob, drop that jaw and watch her come up, Rocsi, Eddie From the, from the, from the depths of the city where sinners dwell... {*4X*} [Crooked I] I'm comin from where sinners dwell - a ghetto American's future is poverty We inherited Lucifer's property, they givin us niggaz hell Choose your philosophy, it's usually hypocrisy Lose your democracy, nobody vote countin in 2012 So my Ruger is watchin me, I move through the monopoly properly And due to this ruthless economy I got shit for sell Our music's anomaly, you dudes are just comedy In lieu of monogamy, your bookie on top of me And I did oh well, all my neighbors heard that vixen yell The way I make that headboard quake, rate my sex on the Richter Scale Put it in a coffin, no pillow talkin, cause all too often a bitch'll tell Only thing left on my pillow was a piece of a weave and some Paul Mitchell liquid gel No rapper's liver, yeah, go back and find her Nigga that mainly spit, crazy shit, Prozac and fiber No rap survivors, nigga, don't act MacGyver When it get real in the field you a meal, no appetizer I'm comin, comin from where sinners dwell, sinners dwell... {*2X*} [Royce Da 5'9"] From the, from the, from the depths of the city where sinners dwell... {*2X*} From the, from the, from the The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse & DJ Drama f/ SLV Album: On the House Song: Who I Am Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Crooked I] House Gang, woo! House Gang [J. Budden] House Gang [Crooked I] House Gang [J. Budden] House Gang, tah 	  And y'all know how we ride, you heard? 	  In that, S-L playin SLV [DJ Drama] "On the House", get 'em! [J. Budden] Talk that talk to 'em [Crooked I] Uh, guess who's back turnin the track into mince meat for diabetics with diarrhea thinkin shit's sweet A thug MC - even though I'm all about money I found time to +Throw it Away+ with Swizz Beatz House Gang, hardest fools 'round Don Juan's up, garden tools down Black Rolls Royce ridin up the coast Niggaz left me for dead, I came back in that Ghost The resurrection, can't spell sex without the letter X so this is a letter to every ex I'm sexin I get the best oral, no question Pectoral shit, we out chea flexin Yeah, that's the Slaughterhouse team Lookin down on ballers as if we tall as Yao Ming Fly is what we are without wings Like scientists studyin the environment, we all about green [Chorus: SLV] I fuck any girl that I want Vallet keep my car in front Told me I wouldn't go far From a nobody to a star If that's what you take of me You do it mistakingly I'm still here amazingly Every day I thank God for making me who I am [Joe Budden] These raps from a smoker's lungs Climb the ladder to success, get the broken rungs See I'm now never guessin, was a token bum Mailbox full of subpoenas, I might open one Guess the cops didn't learn that these warrants don't phase him Live in my mind, how could bars ever cage him? Give me a break, I'm a law abidin citizen that'll kill his cellmate if enough is at, stake Some say that I'm mean Nah they got it fucked up, I just say what I mean It was never 'bout money, I was chasin a dream And now I'm proof that rage can beat the machine I'd take bein the sickest way over bein the richest If you focus on me I ain't doin half bad Right hand in the air as Joe I solemnly swear that the joke was on me but I got the last laugh [Joell Ortiz] My real name my rap shit No bed frame, just a mattress Tryna light the stove lookin for a book of matches Listenin to Hov' instrumentals gettin practice flickin 'dro ashes In a ziplock from an old package Niggaz better be lucky that I'm so passive I'ma blow pass it like a coke habit You afraid of me, the Euphrates River flow massive I sit and raid a fitted over Beau Jacksons Jeans horseshoe under the horse polo relaxin With a horse shotgun and a Porsche Lettin the horses brag, you be goin hoarse tryna call a cab I'm everywhere with the New Yorker swag Got me a Cancer in Massachusetts I be throwin in the +Boston Crab+ Here's a toast to the street Where they eat your food down to the bon appetit so don't turn your cheek Ha, my real name my rap shit The Messiah of real rap shit Nod your head, make a face like you sittin on the toilet and it's real hard to crap shit, yeah I make that shit Put it gat clappers on a sober night Who opens soda to the right? You know, switch your cap backward I wrote a track with a Tec in my Jansport So who the fuck said I don't do this for the backpackers? (c'mon) One hit of my piff and you cough If I got pot, top notch at the minimum cost Do me a favor, take your little nicks and get lost The only time you get to pee is when I'm pissin you off I name ring in the borough E'rybody'll tell you the same thing, I'm thorough And I could still chill in the field where they kill cause I'm real Never ran, never will~! [SLV] I'll fuck any girl I want! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse & DJ Drama Album: On the House Song: Ya Talkin Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [DJ Drama] Slaughterhouse, Dram' It's "On the House" [Intro: Joe Budden] Some niggaz talk that real shit, others exude it Some niggaz get real braggadocious with it Others they just go where they go Where they go it go, ya mean? Y'all don't even acknowledge that shit, it's just dead nigga I ain't got much to say about it But Royce does [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Joe Budden) These niggaz actin like I've reached my prime They keep yappin, let me speak my mind (talk to 'em!) When y'all keep talkin I try to stay calm Thinkin how could you let a few negative comments make you perspire by your armpits (OH!) When you got your idle right by your arm shit and you're only surrounded by monsters Gettin haunted just for celebratin what I've accomplished (Em what up) And your chick's still got my dick in the back of her mind right around by her tonsils (OH!) For those who try to rush greatness, today is your bedtime Before I spew wack hooks and dead lines I would do fair time and give me time to rap over your deadlines (uhh) If it doesn't happen, it doesn't happen (talk to 'em) Fuck it, I've been bubblin from thuggin and rappin (talk to 'em!) Capturin, publishin, travellin  through the underground quietly under they noses like Tubman and Chaplin You new school shooters you're nothin, I'm from the old school like mullin and packs and you bugged out, 'til you bug an assassin I'm dead accurate, run into me, I'm a led accident Pardon my birddog threads if I don't appear passionate (keep goin) They hear that last shit and think that I'm here for fashion (keep goin!) 'til I take off my glasses and hat, and that shirt (Nickel!) Screamin "Fuck the whole goddamn earth" I'm bare-backin it, I'd rather listen to the sound spittin 13 shells (OH!) 'til they hear clowns talkin first week's sale They don't know what they talkin 'bout The writers inside the Slaughterhouse, the liars decided to walk it out (House Gang) Long as we real we know that the fake won't employ us We believe in fate though the fate won't destroy us In muddy waters, long as Satan's tongue is avoided (yeah) We don't give a fuck if Pitchfork don't support us They say that Paul and Marshall finally restored order while they rollin over a dollar lookin for change Now I'm here and I'm providin they four quarters Courtesy of my boy Porter, as I'm submerged in this coy sporter (ohh) Probably ridin around with a bird in boy shorts Swervin in a Panamera four-door Porsche (damn!) Pressin the pedal to the medal to let it breathe I fuck her and tell her we can never be and she should let it be Drop her off wherever and drive home to the naggingest bitch ever Tell her she the queen, and I would never leave (never) And that's my life, hate it or love it I'm like when reality and lightning strikes at the same damn time Cause I came from above it, meanin this game If you discussin meaningless change then fuck you with discussion This ain't in the budget Me and insane are completely the same My brains just retains genius things Even though my memory sucks, all I remember to do is get fucked You suck, and just bang my enemies up Somethin like that, I can't remember, dang I came from pennies to up, from Denny's to dinner with Puff Like fuck Denny's, I'm famous, I'm payin my dues by payin for shoes (damn it!) in trucks for my cuz, that's what I do (OH!) Huh, I'd rather count cash than do math All I need to know is if you're losin you in the negative and winning's a plus I'm the general of the tick-tick team which means your 15 minutes is up I'm sprinting and yeah that dust You're chasin us minds and you in it and I ain't gotta say who win it The only time I slowed down is when and where I turned around  and said "Eat my dust," after I finish my cup You rap new jacks who rap, you can do like Pookie from New Jack and go to the other side after you finish my dust (DAMN!) Get burnt up by the other side like Pookie You'll end up another actor that died because he lied (uhh) Now it resides inside of an urn for tryna earn trust I earned cause I don't trust nothin but my gun and my gut This is how I'm cut Rich enough to cut one of you little bittie bitin ass niggaz in You'll be rich from just gettin the little bittie bit, of my cut My bitch fly bruh I'm hovin over you while I'm fuckin over you, I'm holdin her thighs up Tell your homies and friends that I'm fuckin the friendly skies up Don't thinks this kid fish drivin while I'm noddin out ig'nant (that's it) that I ain't ridin 'round and I'm gettin it (that's it) Like 2 Chainz, in order for one of you lames (stop it) to hit me you gotta find me and bomb me like I'm Saddam Hussein [Outro: Joe Budden] You never listen (I can just keep doin it) No, don't, we got it Thanks The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Pain in My Life 12" Song: Pain in My Life Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com Intro] [Joe Budden talking] They call it Slaughterhouse for a reason nigga I hope this nigga can fight better than he can diss Joey? Hahaha. Nigga fell for the trap Whoa! I told y'all! Uh, Joey! Nigga fell for the mouse trap Nigga put cheese right on the mouse trap You came right to it. Dick La-la-Look It's like a lose/lose already my rep ruined How I beat dude we know will accept losing? Me? Underachiever was an underachiever Almost thought that you would come with the +Ether+ I know he got niggas in his camp like “Spaz on him.”, gassin' him, bafflin' him Real talk, some don't wanna see ya Scram shoulda put both hands around ya neck Said you better get ya head fucked from under the cleaver I'm the one that'll beast ya You got a gut feeling you hot, I think you can't stomach a fever Can't think of why a wack nigga want it with me for I leave my mark on you like it's one of ya features Then ask how it feel to have Maino face I'm way ahead man, this ain't no race Stop playing, I'm the bomb with the pen I'm more like a bomb with no pin How the fuck is Saigon gonna win? He a loss of interest Talking bout my son is senseless So I make sure the dude can't see, smell or hear Can't touch, can't taste, now he defenseless Cause ain't a bullet in this world he can bench press Speak Tahiri, I'ma speak Austin The one that'll suck ya dick if you flossin' Game old bitch that everybody was tossin' The one that you literally begged for that abortion So we both gone wild See we both love hoes and that's just our style But Sai if you think it's different my nigga you goin senile I just kiss mine and yours is the mother of ya child BLAOW! Shots peel at ya entourage Nigga couldn't get a deal on Entourage So like, how is it harder to be me? If I lose in real life? But you can't even win on TV Me I'm probably iller Polly with gorillas in ya lobby with the shottie and chinchillas You a rapper or bodybuilder? I'll have him in the E.R.  With Doc tryin' to put him back together like a body builder Please tell me why dude Just Blaze signed Can't even get a bass line outta Baseline Look at the new kid, soundin' stupid Nigga I made Just more money than you did The nerve of the loser Keep trying to hide weak ass bars behind a working producer In the word of computers, is he M.I.A. Cause he been fell off like Yung Berg on the scooter So him and his base flow need to lay low Couple red lights will ruin his whole stage show And put him on my payroll How he's a Yardfather when I'm dictating where the grave go? Been years, he's taking L's still Turtle couldn't help him, maybe a shell will Don't look like a winner to me Small meal to a pitchfork, you lookin like a dinner to me Plus ya diss track sound like a beginner to me Ya whole shine's like a dimmer to me Fight who nigga? You better know how we get it in Jerz Velcro his tongue, hope dude stick to his word Nigga you'll be in an ally covered And you don't love the kids You just wanna make us think that you Sally Struthers I'll pit you with the worse kind of men Dudes who become everything they condemn You'd think that jail learned him a lesson Until he bragged bout everything he learned in jail Nah, I don't think his struggle is lackin' He did a long bid, came home and had trouble adapting Afraid of adulthood, has trouble relaxin' No choices, had to try his hustle with rappin' Here's a jewel Maybe you should put your first disc out on Amazon Before you go frontin' when the camera on And the poor fans kept the hope But prison was the only place he was next to blow So he calls me a fag like he homophobic Cause they had him on his knees like “Homo, hold it!” Run around, he screamin “Oh don't poke it” It's a small world, how you think Joe don't know it? Guess there's where the lies get deeper Cause he went in a tight end and came out a wide receiver There's bones in your closet that you can't hide Your fans know you went to jail, me I know why Sai, you ain't brolic enough Somebody better play third wheel and try to stop the fuck Cause I'll put it in 5th gear, like who he gonna threaten next? Fill his whole body with metal, now he Weapon X Had the upper hand from go Shirt always off, “How Does It Feel”, D'Angelo  To get naked like a down hooker? My dudes outta town will book ya Your whole gangsta's +Brown Sugar+ With no point to his vlog, had the world waiting Flexing for ten minutes like he had a girl tape him Just co-signed for you said you had a classic Now he got no time for you, wrote you off on taxes Now he lonely, vulnerable lookin' soft Tried to help him, I been in his shoes, I just took ‘em off To put it simply, how could he offend me? I can teach ‘em how to live real major on an indie So picture dude upsettin' me Stop complaining and take control of your own fuckin' destiny He blames radio, blames Atlantic Craig Kallman, but I can't blame ‘em they panicked Nobody scared he's like hockey Retired for a minute, came back and nobody cared So for me to take this serious homes Get Mook, Loaded Lux, Jin maybe Serius Jones To help write your shit, make it brand anew If not look for the Nation to Abandon you Be mad at yourself and ask yourself You know I'm a rap giant, why Plax yourself? Dude went ahead, axed himself He cut off his nose to spite his face, Mike Jacked himself Bryan, how the fuck you think less of me? When you easily the less MC Thought it'd be fun but that's deaded to me This point I'm battling my own perception  Trying to beat what's expected of me Nino Bless said you was a bull too But I'm in wide screen, I ain't see that full view I know how ya hoe ass felt Make it so you can't eat, put an extra hole in that belt Ain't a gain in site Cocoa Chanel ain't the only nigga that'll put a +Pain In his Life+ Dead weight, get ya head straight Cut the track off, listen to ya thoughts, checkmate The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: R.O.C. Allstars (Mixtape) Song: Velvet Rope Freestyle Typed by: BoricanChild52@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Joe Budden] The game is foul at both ends of it There's no freedom of speech 'cause of this little thing we call censorship As if that don't narrow our content enough We make it smaller, talkin' bout rims and shit Gettin jerked for the art, 'cause the art's now work When you sittin' now writin' in penmanship And now the radio's human, for it to fuck with you gotta make friends with it So I make some old radio crap Since everything else on the radio's that DJ's spin this, maybe go plat And if it don't play, they'll say he's so wack I'm everything, controversial Underground, gangsta rap, slash commercial (I'm) introspective, (I'm) slash reflective Call the shit whatever long as you get the message Call the shit whatever long as it ain't neglected Long as it gets respected, yeah Wack dudes going hard to be nice Nice dues going hard to be wack, going hard for a plaque Keep doin' what you always did, keep gettin' what you always got Joey always hot, and it may seem I ain't always On Top But I aim in more ways than I'm not It's all twisted, nowadays can't fail to make the charts Cause the stars made the sales, but now sales make the stars Wish I could go back to the days of glory It was all about music, less about the story It's like a talk show, one long episode of Maury One long episode that bores me It's like a talk show, more like a soap Can't change the channel, can't find the remote I call it pathetic, some find it as dope Some call it hard, I call it all choch' I find it to be a big screen full of smoke Stay in it long enough, you guaranteed to choke The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Crooked I f/ M.O.P., Slaughterhouse Album: Mr. Pigface Weapon Waist Song: Woodstock Hood Hop Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: M.O.P.] Hahaha... they think they run or somethin We definitely got to give the drummer somethin (c'mon!) Slaughterhouse (c'mon!) M.O.P. (c'mon!) Everybody (c'mon!) [Joell Ortiz] H-E- (what?) L-L-O, I'm one hell of a show I'm the best, you stuck in the middle like L-M-N-O I'll piss on you, let every toxic elements go All you pussies is fucked, call me now celibate Joe (ay!) Ay Slaughterhouse, let's go rock "Ed Sullivan Show" I literally can't front, I'm back like never befo' (oh!) I'ma rap my letter to hoes "Dear prostitute, I miss y'all lettin me slap my head on your nose" Where the fuck is my guitar? It couldn't of went far Oh yeah, I smashed it on homie head in that Brook-lyn bar Man I'm somewhere in between a crook and a star Had some more bars but I left my rap book in the car (yo yo yo yo yo) [Chorus: M.O.P.] Yo, this that Woodstock hood hop! Hands up if you fuckin with it We reppin Brooklyn (c'mon!) Jersey (c'mon!) Long Beach (c'mon!) Detroit (c'mon!) [Crooked I] Geah, spaz out, knock a nigga ass out Knew he had a paper thin chin and a glass mouth West Coast shit, seven-deuce glass house Got a +Lil' Fame+ so me and my +Posse Mash Out+ (ohh!) I ain't got a college degree Just the Circle of Bosses, the Slaughter's in me, pardon me G I just wanna fuck your daughter and flee And leave all that married shit in the background like I'm Father MC Ha ha, cocky, but don't be a copycat When you see me rockin that, L.A. Kings hockey hat I'm the king of L.A., do you copy that? It's time for some change like Obama in a laundry-mat [Royce Da 5'9"] Do y'all want problems with us? I guess not Broadcastin live from a Pyrex pot The steeets know that we nice, try your best shot Speech coded in ice, dialect's hot Everybody (c'mon) get cool Beef in big shoes, gun talkin repetitive call it Chip-Fu You ain't never heard of me mami you excused I don't only diss dudes You sleepin on us, that's what it is - just understand  that I ain't gettin a wink of sleep 'til you lookin at the back of your lids I'm a lyrical ounce of PIFF Still countin them chips, for real mami, Slaughterhouse in this {"BITCH!"} [Joe Budden] Look, I'm not a gang-banger, more like game changer with tamed anger, alias lover name changer Liable to pop at kids and aim flamers I'm why your parents told you not to entertain strangers Dope get it, top notch, flow sickest Best out, don't blame me it's no spitters So vicious on the road to riches From now on call me Mr. Weiss, they chasin all of your old bitches From the hood New Jersey and I claim this Oxymoron, rob with the dirty and stainless Cock back, high saddity so I keep the top back So when the streets is watchin, I could watch back [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: So Long Goodbye (Promo) Song: So Long Goodbye Typed by: verbal_anthrax@hotmail.com [Joe Budden] Ladies and gentlemen.. You are now listenin' to The Growth (Look) This my guide to the rappers Before you go ahead and decide to be a rapper (Talk to 'em) I know you think it's +Money, Cash, Hoes+ But funny when that goes You'll be questionin' life after Like "why did I have to" (I know it) Seems like "yeah", seems quite clear But these maggots take your dream and make it a nightmare You been waitin' for some years But everything is fake, it's like a rear view mirror, nothin' is as it appears Can't trust people 'cause it's all about tryina succeed It's all about the backstabbin' and greed It's all about the wrong things Sucks, it's all useless And it starts to interfere with your love for the music (Damn!) Catch 22, most dudes'll give it all for their shot For most niggaz, this is all we got Should you quit the whole thing? 'Cause it's enough bullshit in the whole thing To almost make you wanna kiss the whole thing...(Chea!) Goodbye [Hook - repeat 2X] So long, goodbye Tired, of the game Let's get there [Joe Budden] Sometimes you think you better off with that 9 to 5 Til you remember all the times you got fired Sometimes you wanna dress down, walk out with no jewelry (But!) But you can't, you under real heavy scrutiny You ain't got a truck that's hooked up with rims Kids'll see you like "damn, why I looked up to him?" It makes some wanna quit, it makes some stand tall If you don't sign that autograph, then it's one fan lost Sometimes you don't feel like it Everybody wanna be on you Sometimes you just wanna be normal Want the afore-mentioned Sometimes you don't wanna be mentioned Sometimes you just wanna blend in Might think the statement's weird When the world'll trade for your life (On some..) Real shit I'll trade for theirs Tell me now what's the answer When they know you had a death in the family And you still gotta smile for the camera You thought everything would be all to the good You ain't got as much money as you thought you would (Didn't blow!) Some people sell out, fuck everything they shot from their heart for that number one spot on the charts That's what it is, I can't paint it no clearer How you 'sposed to see straight when it's all smoke and mirrors? (All smoke and mirrors) Quit the whole thing, 'cause it's enough bullshit in the whole thing To almost make you wanna kiss the whole thing...(Chea!) Goodbye [Hook] Arrivederci! [Joe Budden] Just when you think you wanna go on without the hype Is when you go to do a show and see the crowd so hyped (And the...) Die hard fans say "you changed my whole life" So I sacrifice mine and gratify you with the rhymes (Yeah!) Folks from the hood, that see you as a stand out Outweigh the niggaz in the hood with their hand out And goin' 5 days a week with no sleep's A lot better than a cold park bench with no sheets So fuck politics, fuck inuendo (Oh!) 'Cause you never seen a dropout so influential Quit the whole thing, 'cause it's enough bullshit in the whole thing It's my choice so I'm with the whole thing (Chea!) Like "what" [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Emanny, Jay Townsend Album: Tipsy 12" Song: Tipsy Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] This goes out to you (you, you) This goes out to you (you, you) This goes out to you and you and you You know who you are This goes out to you (you, you) Ta ha, this goes out to you (you, you) And you (and you) [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] Check it, baby, sweetie, lady, darling It don't (what?), get no better than this And I know, guys'll go to any measure to hit But I hope, you don't use that as a measurin stick (uh) They priorities is off, busy treasurin whips I just like the opportunity of pleasurin miss Since I never met another that get wetter than this Anytime I'm on tour, you'll forever be missed (talk to her) 'Cause I knew she was a fantasy dream Every Sunday all she worried about is her fantasy team And anytime shorty speed past, in that E-Class Body so sick, that I always want a tea bag So I spend, hit a mall, maybe SoHo 'Cause how she blessed me, swore her jaw broke though Her sex to me's like a midnight ecstasy So the bar could be closed as long as she next to me [Chorus - Emanny & Jay Townsend] - w/ ad libs Baby I'm tipsy, so let's stay love drunk Baby I'm tipsy, so let's stay love drunk Ooh baby I'm tipsy, so let's stay love drunk Let's stay love drunk, let's stay love drunk See baby I'm tipsy, so let's stay love drunk Baby I'm tipsy, so let's stay love drunk Ooh baby I'm tipsy for you, yeah, so let's stay love drunk Let's stay love drunk, let's stay love drunk [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] Check me out now, check it, see the beauty of it all is (what?) We could both have whoever we please but um We'd only be foolin ourselves (why?) 'Cause it seems without each other we would never be pleased It's much more than her body though I value her waist See shorty knows the value of space, she don't crowd me (nah) Open-minded, know she don't got all the answers When we hit the strip club, she tippin all the dancers I'm tryin to show you things that you ain't used to (uh) Talkin waterfront villas out in Saint Lucia (uh) Turn our cells off, nothin else matters Took it slow but it couldn't of happened any faster (faster) See she don't go through the phone (uh) She say if that's necessary than she'd rather be alone Can tell she for real by the sound of her tone Shorty grown, no chaser, she got me in the zone [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] Uh, best part about it all, it's not difficult You such a standout, nowhere near typical Plus you let me be my own individual You know if you support me, you'll get every residual And when girls try to tell you that I'm cheatin (what?) You agree sayin they don't know the half (why?) 'Cause how I got shorty, it ain't even fair Know it all adds up, they can't seem to do the math (nah) [Break - Emanny] No Henn' or glass of Rosé (Rosé) Could make my world spin around just like you do They just don't taste the same Got me buzzed off the love you gave (ya gave) No way I see straight after one sip from you, oh [Chorus] - w/ ad libs until the end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse Album: Wack MC's 12" Song: Wack MC's Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: sample of Boogie Down Productions' "My Philosophy"] Rap is like a set-up, a lot of games A lot of suckas with colorful names I'm so-and-so, I'm this, I'm that Huh, but they all just wick-wick-wack [Joe Budden] Ladies and gentlemen With no further adieux {"wick-wick"} It's your man, Joey! {"wick-wi-wi-wi-wick-wick-wack"} Look {"wick-wick-wick-wack"} I'm the perfect one to show ya, all that slick talkin could be over All it's gon' take's a U-turn from the chauffeur You test me, you just see We mix hands with guns, that's the hood's UFC And me? I never had gear (nah) but since last year I swore not to cop nothin if it wasn't cashmere You just salty, I'm fonder than sodium Anticipate the shots like Obama at the podium Me and y'all are nowhere near the same pedigree (nah) Not in layman's terms, hypothetically Metaphorically, lyrically, not especially Theoretically (I mean) we just different genetically And they ain't named me the champion yet So it's, ACG's, Champion sweats Homie this is just a thought (for) The Donny Wall DJ's that don't wanna play the best nigga in New York, dawg "Wick-wick-wack" "Wick, wick-wi-wick-wi-wick-wick-wack" "Wick-wick-wick-wack" "Wick-wick-wack" "Wick, wick-wi-wick-wi-wick-wick-wack" "Wick-wick-wick-wack" [Royce Da 5'9"] OHH! My nigga Spyda is BACK! 5'9", that's me, I'm back baby Slaughterhouse what? My nigga Jumpoff said it best - y'all niggaz married to the streets I'm married to a bottle of Patrón wearin a weddin dress Y'all niggaz is dead unless you see we have not been playin The Slaughterhouse ain't no goddamn gang Show up to the bar where you hang Shoot at your bottle like, "Hohh, we pop champagne!" No disrespect to ol' D's boy Jimmy I ain't Prince Akeem but I will greet you with the sweepers or the +Semmi+'s These other lame rappers is broke They so po' they gotta name 'Loso to have a +Fabolous+ quote And to the fo'-fo' grabbin they throat tellin 'em choke Your niggaz arms all froze like they havin a stroke Admit it y'all, Nickel bonkers, kick and stomp ya Put a nigga sleepin in a shlomper, I am not the one bruh This my response to that nigga hidin out in Yonkers {*crickets chirping*} Haha, that nigga's {*blam*} [Joell Ortiz] Uhh, Joell Ortiz (Joell Ortiz) yup, it's really me I used to drink the beer promoted by Billy Dee By the bodega in chancletas and a white tee Steady cocoa piña callin papi for a iced tea Married to the block, that's why I never kept a wifey Million fish in the sea, I juggled a couple Pisces Had a fetish for guns, I always kept a few near Never shot someone but I fired 'em all on New Year's Never lost a fight, I'm like 25-and-O, what! Except that time in high school but he jetted when I woke up E'ry time I spit it's like somebody filled the whole cup with liquor and just downed it, they hear it wanna throw up Many nights the fridge held me down with old cold cuts No mayo? No mustard? No bread? Ah, so what! On the floor in the corner was my mattress, B I hated that so I don't rap like you wack MC's [Crooked I] Geah! S-dot H-dot, ha ha! I laugh after I kill you, I'm a poor sportsman Slaughterhouse the successors to the Four Horsemen Niggaz born to pimp so bring some more whores in Thinkin with my other hand before more foreskin Me and Red Spyda, roll in a red Spider Executive Westsider, homie's a tec writer Homie I check riders, you better stand down Hands down, you'll be man down on the damn ground Long Beach, the home of them strap clappers From ringtoners to backpackers, I smack rappers Speak on us and we gon' be bendin them street corners to clap actors, after that brrrap, collapse backwards Shit, that's when the force roll through I Malcolm X you pigs, what the pork gon' do? I Malcolm X the track, that mean arm-leg-leg-arm-head Body the beat, the torso too, heh And leave the chorus for you, NIGGA! [Chorus] – begins during last line The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Wait a Minute 12" Song: Wait a Minute Typed by: YoungGunna917@yahoo.com Wa-wa-wait just a minute Hold up, wa-wa-wait just a minute Yeah, wa-wa-wait just a minute, uh Wa-wa-wait just a minute Let that beat rock Go on put ya hands high in the air Wit that stuff that get you real high in the air Go on put ya hands high in the air Wit that stuff that get you real high in the air Yeah y'all, yeah y'all Let me put somethin in ya ear y'all Jers' and we finally here y'all Fresh from Z the borough and Alliyah y'all Thugs wanna act I dare y'all Gassed off that haze and the Smirnoff The answer to questions I hear y'all Me and that dude don't compare naw He's one rhyme song While I'm Nick Cannon folks at my best when the +drumline's+ on Beef is welcome I'll get my dudes I'm not A. Houston I won't leave when the help come Now wa-wa-wait just a minute I think boo made a mistake just a minute Two-wayin me like get her in the club She must got me confused wit a nigga she's fuck Cause I don't bring sand to the beach So they don't get mad when other girls put they hands on me If I do bring out for all the world to stare It's cause I think she'll look better than all the girls here Now wait, wa-wa-wait just a minute I think dude's started to hate just a minute He'll need a few 8-balls to fix those dropped out diamonds a few grades short Now go on put ya hands high in the air Wit that stuff to get you real high in the air Soon as she say she gotta escape for a minute Hold up, wa-wa-wait just a minute Now wa-wa-wait just a minute Drop and shake-shake-shake just a minute Soon as he's about to show hate for a minute Hold up, wa-wa-wait just a minute We gon do it like yeah y'all, yeah y'all Let me put somethin' in ya ear y'all Somethin' that you might wanna hear y'all What's with all the tough looks and the stares for? Yeah I'm a boss so I'll always have hate Why you playin' in the hood like you'll always have weight Streets is fulla rats just waitin' to send you back And we call 'em +fat man+ cause he's always wit Jake Now wait, wa-wa-wait just a minute I think that watch is fake just a minute Both got Jacob's here's that ain't ya fault Your bezel slim, mine's a lil' thicker Diamonds in mine is just a lil' bigger Your be's plastic mine's is all glitter I keep it hot, but I'm like A-Rod I'm the best but I let dude keep my spot Now wait, wa-wa-wait just a minute Get smacked wit the back of the 8 just a minute Keep hearin' what dude said in the street One elevator ride y'all are dead to beat Yep it's me, wave to haters Cause I'm like Arnold drop the guns and they made me Mayor So next time they throw hate for a minute Hold up, wa-wa-wait just a minute Go on put ya hands high in the air Wit that stuff that get you real high in the air Soon as she say she gotta escape for a minute Hold up, wa-wa-wait just a minute Now wa-wa-wait just a minute Drop and shake-shake-shake just a minute Soon as he's about to show hate for a minute Hold up, wa-wa-wait just a minute Go on put ya hands high in the air Wit that stuff that get you real high in the air Go on put ya hands high in the air Wit that stuff that get you real high in the air Go on put ya hands high in the air Wit that stuff that get you real high in the air Soon as she say she gotta escape for a minute Hold up, wa-wa-wait just a minute The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden ALbum: Whatever it Takes 12" Song: Whatever it takes Typed by: simonvanooijen@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Whatever it takes, to find a way to find a way to find a way I'ma do whatever it takes, to find a way to find a way to find a way I'ma do, Whatever it takes to find a way to find a way to find a way Whatever it takes to find a way to find a way to find a way Aiy, I'm dealing with some shit homey, it's in the back of my head and it's some shit homey, but I just rap it instead see I got wolverine bones in me but the whole world is throwin stones at me like they all gotta bone with me got a child's mother, and I hate her to death but that's my child's mother, so that's my mate to the death that's why how I love her for puttin little me here and me and huck'll beef forever, she gon still be there and there's some other niggaz, I just a character role be they some other niggaz, now let's get back to the song I got a drug problem, but I ain't tell the truth because I got enough problems and my solution is to stuff problems but if something goes wrong with that then it's back to pcp and solong with rap see I'm depressed lately, but nobody understands that I'm depressed lately, I'm sorta feeling repressed lately but y'all been hearin and seein me less lately like it's anyone noticed the redress lately look deep nigga don't I seem stressed lately seem disturbed, alot of repress lately I got a company that I'm signed to but they ain't in my company, when all I need is some company when I start feelin like everybody's done with me I tryna see what everybody want with me then the mistress, yeah, the girl from ten minutes it's hard now I'm needing ten minutes from heart I can't get into it, but I want y'all to know that I'll get into it, but I'll save that for the growth then it's rap beef, but I'm so secure with me it's only rap beef, I don't need se-cu-rity (never) wanna get at me, wanna go to war with me that's just one phonecall for me check the shit, I got a whole hood, that don't appreciate it's not the whole hood that appreciates me what you gon tell me, when it's the streets that made me and I won't let the belly of the beast degrade me and then it's rap critics, they say all I make dance music but there almost anything you can dance to it they ain't like the single, so they ain't copped that album wouldn't give a chance to it, not a second glance to it they say he wines to much, he's too bitter they call it complaining, I call it explaining I know 'em niggaz cooked it, caught up in the gaming lose they mind and y'all call it entertainment some shit with me, a dude's been knew that but I'm gambling a lot and I ain't used to do that rap ain't payin the bills, it's mo money mo problems or it's no money mo problems all enormous when you play at these stakes that's how it feels to have a warrant on a famous face then the album's pushed back, cause they say he needs a single at the moment but what he needs is a single moment then I'm involved in the 'he say she say (that) send my mind on replay, each day then it's the bullshit that she save he's gave cause she wouldn't like to think that he ain't like her just cause she was throwing it at me and I ain't touch her she'll say anything psych, but I ain't wanna fuck her I don't feel good, so I won't wanna go to a club don't wanna go to a lounge, just wanna lounge then the same sweatster that I had on for days the same t I had on for a week what I got on, it speaks what I got on, it reeks no shape up, chilling, cause that's just how I'm feeling and one day at a time, it's god willing tryna see scrape but the fall keeps building post start raising, the booze starting that gate me but I gotta be a king cause this wolve's tryna play me goodie when it's hot like it's freezing winter bed start, eating sleep for dinner then it's hard tryna keep this in ya so I write it all down, so one day maybe when life is all sweet I remember then it's probation, I know we all go through it we call it probation, but there's no pro to it yeah my soul's aching, only a few peers know funny thing about the case is it's a few years old had some shit going on with my ohh, that felt good but it's bad so I'm sitting here like what the bitch had it's not rap it's real, look scrappy it's true going what's popping, do he look happy to you now if it goes to the wire, go the soul of a fighter bruised up and sloppy, a damaged like Ali up late talking to the fans on a website that's the only thing that send yo man off to bed right fuck the world fuck my moms and my girl well maybe not mom, just let me remain calm this too won't last, this too shall pass at least that's what I say yall, that's what I pray for and I'm the only thing that's standing in my way yall but I gotta be with me, it's no escape yall I guess depression just stepped in, and took over shit like it's known to do Guess it said, hey Joe, I'm going home with you Turn your phone off, I need to be alone with you I need to be in the zone with you Cuz I'm the only thing y've grown to, nigga Look, I own you, nigga Been with you since 10, but you starting to confuse me cause it's been so long and you still tryna lose me Like how could you show me such cruelty When everybody turns their back on you, Joe it's you and me Still you don't want me to see you right And why you always come get me, how we re-unite huh, I know you feel for me deep in your heart Doctors, meetings, pills couldn't keep us apart What, now, you got a deal and you wanna get rid of me We roommates, I'm in your head, Joe you live with me So I don't write for the fans, nah, I write to my man And hope that he'll just leave and understand Like, like please leave the kid in peace Let me smoke this one cig in peace Just leave for a second, man it's been too long, and I can't troop it And as long as you around I can't make that dance music Whatever it takes, to find a way to find a way to find a way whatever it takes, to find a way to find a way to find a way I'ma do whatever it takes, to find a way to find a way to find a way Whatever it takes, to find a way to find a way to find a way The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden Album: Who Killed Hip Hop 12" Song: Who Killed Hip Hop Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] [Joe Budden speaking] Yeah, I mean ah, I'm doin' all these interviews.  Everybody want to know what I think of the state of hip hop. Whether I think it's dead or not. Question ain't whether it's dead. It's more like, who killed it and when. Let' go. Can anybody pinpoint the day it when wrong? I mean, I used to blame Raggaeton I can't front I thought all that was corny Was it Ja's fault? Lil' Mo said she didn't get paid for +Put It On Me+ Look, bring it up and dudes get on some coy shit Was it T-Pain with that funny voice shit? Or was it Lil' Wayne with that funny voice shit? The whole game did grow that funny voice shit "I can't tell when it happened Was it when Lil' Jon showed dudes you can sell without rappin'? Was it +Laffy Taffy+? I thought they was kiddin' Shawty Lo said "No I really didn't."  "Dancing became cool again, Nick Can +Walk It Out+ But I didn't know what the fuck niggas was talking bout Unit kick Game out, they didn't give a fuck Then we seen the same shit happen to Buck It was a few years ago, but I remember the summer 50 made fans start looking at the numbers A&R won't take risks, they won't sign niggas The worst swag came out and started to blind niggas Rap dudes want reality shows And my dumb ass was thinking that reality sold Did it start with the Ipod Or when rappers had to pay DJs to do they job I mean all the content is the same it won't differ Everybody sold some drugs or pulled triggers The more you think about it you gonna get sicker And why the fuck would Nas want to call his shit Nigger? Nigga Was it when it the Wu broke up? Pac, Big , Big Pun went to sleep and never woke up Lupe was doing a tribute and choked up And some of these stupid ass fans were like "So what?" Some of them, they ain't educated And fuck blaming the south, we ain't segregated I'm mean, it was all good around the Kiss and Beans shit Took a left turn around the kissing green shit Maybe it all started, when Rocafella parted Ways, it's natural to shift toward fame I watched every last dude shit on Dame Kinda got that in common, I can dig that pain When they gave Jay a desk and suit They finally gave a rapper a chance to come execute But somethin' told me the suits at the table was hurtin' They fired everybody and labels started merging As far as sales, they declining strong Ask the experts they'll say that the climate's wrong I'm mean some niggas prime is gone I peeped it when niggas started putting fake diamonds on You could tell a dude "I spit better than you" But then he'll say I'm richer for whatever I do I seen all this coming, I knew what we was in fo' Back when Erick Sermon had jumped out of the window Was it when Ma$e retired and couldn't hack it? Tip could he just needed some more rachets DJs, producers wanted to get us the farthest Said fuck rappers and started becoming the artists I gotta talk candid Did we start having issues around the same time Jimmy and Cam did? Was it when Chingy thought he didn't need Ludacris Next album found out that was ludicrous Papoose and Clipse both survived Inkin' with Jive Then getting jived Ya man J-Hood repped that D-Block gang Then I seen dude dragging his D-Block chain Or did one hit wonders change it all along They made labels only want to sign a dude's song And you really don't know shit If you think the fans pick the videos on 106 I'm just stating the truth Did it start when Fox stayed in the news more than she did the booth? Or was it when Lil' Kim stopped exploiting sex And fuck is up with DMX? I hope dudes straight Have an opinion and they're going to say "you hate" I can't front, I'm missin' them old Clue tapes The underground sunk further The Feds was on Irv so the Inc dropped Murder I never blamed Fab, Jeezy, Rick Ross The shit gets lost when Shyne went up north I never understand the hip hop police When hip hop is what hip hop needs to police These blatant ass radio attempts sound so bland Twista kept trying to recreate +Slow Jamz+ Did we send the wrong message with our slang As broke niggas spending their rent to +Make It Rain+  And you walk in give a bitch a few 20s And she'll smirk her face up, looking at you funny This chick told me see only take new money Man I snatched my shit back so fast Or did it start when rappers said "Fuck it" Sacrificed music, starting raping their budget Nothing wrong with dudes being candy or pop Something wrong when Joc did the +Candy Shop+ (Fuck is wrong with him?) We buying our own records maybe no one's to blame Are we a business that we can't afford to maintain? The second week show you that that boys numbers ain't hot I hate to break it to you numbers always lie Or when Ortiz signed to Aftermath And now he's feeling the aftermath Was it Fight Klub fucking with them battle raps But not many of them getting signed after that I mean, some can't stay afloat A million Busta albums, he's still not mentioned with the GOATS Fuck looking for answers Time will tell Was it when Def Jam didn't want to resign L? A 15 year old told me Cash? was ass But rather then smash on dude all I could do was just laugh Or was it when the whole east coast fell off? Or got comfortable, maybe dudes was too well off The more that niggas said that they didn't write their own lyrics The more it started to sound like it didn't But, do whatever you can to keep the lights on But dumbing down just became the new Dylan Honestly I ain't know what to think A few years ago we had the young kids wearing pink I can't blame the fans for not knowing a damn thing When we trained them to be this way I mean showed them whatever to sell with no limits Since the early '90's sold them a false image So when some shit come that don't fit the mold It's like a mole, nigga you won't even do gold They watch the videos  See you on the corner with a whole bunch of people and think that you good They turn on the TV and see these video vixens  And think nigga's girls really look that good I mean they get so many free verses When the album drops shits more like a bonus Why pay for it, why take on this With one click of a mouse they can own it I mean some of them are fooled so easily By whatever we say or we show em on TV But that was all part of the plan Or was it when Eminem made 'Stan' I swear some of these fans They put their whole life on the line It's like they can't like more than one rapper at a time Less about the product, more about the digits It's a business, we got less fans and more critics Maybe we at a cross Canibus made one of the dopest diss records but some still say he lost I ain't believe my ears when niggas tried to tell me That KRS One had a rap beef with Nelly If rap was alive We'd be trying to be the best rapper ever Not the best rapper alive But you won't get accepted at all if you ain't street tough Onyx was the hardest til Sticky got beat up Now I'm a thug is how I gotta behave If I wanna be paid, if I wanna see praise You know something is wrong when niggas is gettin shot And you gotta sit and wonder if the whole thing is staged It ain't real no more Or did we just expand on the audience, maybe we appeal to more Or Did we just think y'all getting dumber? We tried to make gettin' older gettin' younger Did we lose our hunger, somethings gotta give Did we out grow ourselves, is hip hop for kids? If it is, they turn on MTV cribs And think that's where these motherfuckers really live Or was it when Lauryn Hill dropped a classic So did the Fugees til Wyclef tapped it Songs don't do it no more, this shits shocking Seen it when +Lean Back+ had the whole world rocking Now it's fuck your bars if your hook is fly So we look at Crooked I with a crooked eye It's dope ass rappers that ain't seeing no dough If everything is commercial where the fucks the show But anybody making a dime, see I'ma wish well Still we took a big L losing Big L Or was it when Youtube came in the game Now nobody's from their living room can make a name Or when the indies like Koch came and blew up Niggas at the majors they literally threw up To some it ain't fun no more You know it's fucked up when DMC don't talk to Run no more Too many egos like we ain't one no more Shits predictable, niggas ain't stunt no more We started to see shit we never seen before At one point we even had the magazines at war Or  Was it street DVD's like Smack Showed you just how stupid your favorite rapper would act Did shit get lifeless When MTV made a list of the hottest and ignored the nicest Changed the whole stee-lo I mean the average fan never heard of a Goodie Mob or a Cee-lo But they've heard of Gnarles Barkley And Dr. Carter still say we got a heart beat I ain't gonna lie, I was scared to death straight up Started hearing rumors of an Outkast breakup I was like that ain't true, it sounds desperate Started seeing Big Boi and 3K separate Had periods we was dryer than the desert Are we all killing this shit, is it a group effort Are we alive and well or barely surviving Is it R&B's fault, them niggas is thrivin' And then a lot of people go and blame Limewire I don't think it's downloading, dog the lines tired Did the fans just get tired of the outcome One dope single and a bullshit album So they share albums with each other Was it Master P with them ugly ass album covers Or was it when we started appearing in the news Timberland said they ain't want black niggas wearing their boots I mean, I know it got foggy at least blurry When a label dude got knocked out by Keith Murray Or was it when we became obsessed with the brand names Had the kids trying to buy shit they can't name And some think the evidence is ample Did it start when Puff took advantage of the sample Is it all watered down with no fire If you had enough money you could buy a ghost writer Or the diamond district, Jacob The Jeweler Had to buy his watch to be looked at as cooler And fucking with them trends Our stupid asses wasted a hundred grand on shit that ain't even in Look, is the game now as bad as it's ever been? It's not ring tones just the songs that they represent I heard all of them Sad part, I wouldn't recognize most of these niggas if I saw em I can't explain it, i don't know what to tell ya Now going gold is looked at as a failure Maybe old heads in charge just weren't able DJ's are spinning now with no turn table Maybe the fans are just bored of us Or maybe there ain't enough room for all of us It's like, even a friendship will stop at a point Mike Jones went platinum off of Slim Thug's joint But there's so many ways to get fucking rich Superhead kicked off just by sucking dick Did we sell out just to get in demand more Did we go against everything we use to stand for Both are likely There's two sides to the coin, who you rolling with Soulja Boy or Ice T Some niggas wanna sit around and complain about I'd rather analyze, seek how it came about If we could rewind the world We wouldn't have to watch Flavor Flav try to find his girl Look, today it's all about marketing and promo I remember VH1 was just for old folks But no ma'am  If I ain't know better I would think that mix show was now program We let the power of a dollar annihilate us How the size of our chain gon validate us? It's simple they can't think we really deep I just heard Chris Brown on the +A Milli+ beat Seen a video called +Looking Ass Niggas+ Grabbed the remote, tired of looking at niggas But that let a nigga know that if we ain't dead That we just half alive, maybe brain dead Did it start when Capone left NORE Nah he went to jail that's a whole different story Or maybe something really wrong with our ears Obie Trice got dropped, so much for Cheers Female emcees, they don't ever hit the target Somebody said they seen Amil working at a Target The sad part is we already lost Remy Or did we go wrong when E-v-e got Skinny What's up with Jacki-O, Rah Digga that I can't figure Trina ain't been the same since +Nah Nigga+ I know it had to do something to his heart beat When Lady Of Rage started doing Steve Harvey I know we caught a little trauma Somewhere between Yo Yo Boss and Lil Mama A lot of females found another way to extort Most of our video models have turned escort Do anything to see dough So they'll exchange sex with an artist or director for a lead role Or should we get back to basics Wheres the Rakim's or the Masta Aces? The Big Daddy Kanes, or did we never recover? From Dre not being on the side of Ed Lover Or when rap dudes started signing their friends Instead of going out trying to find niggas with skill I seen it when D-12 put out +Purple Pills+ While the whole hood laughed them niggas sold a mil Some of us ain't prepared for something so lucrative I just heard Yung Berg say some stupid shit Like we almost caught one in the torso When each Bone Thug member took they own +Crossroad+ Some disagree, some gotta see the same Or maybe hip hop died on Aaliyah's plane If it relocated, where did it move to? I Still Love H.E.R. the way Common use to Or did Bill O'Reilly come fuck up the spirit With negative remarks about everybody's lyrics He spends all his time dissing us Nigga, you 95 years old motherfucker shouldn't be a listener Lost Jam Master who was Tougher Than Leather Or did it start when Treach was fucking Pepa As our jeans got tighter and our T's got longer Tryna figure out which age group we belong to Or did we all go astray The second Dr. Dre left N.W.A. In my opinion we was on easy streak When he was beefing with Eazy-E Or did we get fucked up when producers found a way to cheat Signin' unknown niggas to start making their beats If you sell your own shit, it's gotta go for cheap Just put my name on it so the price increase Or is it cause everybody's so self centered Is that the reason hip hop itself ain't centered Or have we already seen the shit with our own eyes With +Rico Suave+, Cam and Vanilla Ice Everybody want in the game so in return You got label executives fucking they interns And anybody looking at that new Vibe Bracket Should see that they don't know a thing bout this rap shit Or maybe we should've stopped being proud When their was no more Rawkus and no more Loud Try to get conscience around Vote Or Die So they made it look like all our votes was lies As the years go on it's like we keep getting more voids We got lost when we lost one of the Lost Boys I knew we was impersonating a fraud When Kay Slay smacked my mans at the awards Regardless it's our fault as artists Running with entourages who act like they ain't never left the projects Who do we wanna target? Will they put an Uncle Murda Cd in a Wal-mart or a Target We got the nerve to not wanna hear Ras Kass But fuck with Vick get silly and that trash I felt ashamed  When J-Kwon told me he didn't like Raekwon cause he stole his name Was back when everybody in the club got Tipsy Now every contract gotta be three sixty So fuck eating, better scrape the plate Now every beat gotta at least have an 808 Did the light skin jim when we first heard Mims And said another New York rapper on the south's tip Is it overcrowded They keep saying if it's so fucked up, then do something about it I doubt it, It's just one thing they don't understand That job is way bigger than just one man Or maybe all of these pleas that it's deceased Is false and this shit is right where it needs to be Maybe we built on something that'll last forever You see Face and Geto Boys just got back together Maybe no one can stop us Even other genres now jock us We even doing songs with the rockers Hows that the feeling? Kanye is amazing Wayne just sold a million, we closer to the ceiling God we in a coma When we the only business where you can excel with no diploma Technologies changed, made everything simple Myspace is now a dudes Bio/Demo Side from the fact we generating more money We took it global and penetrating other countries So lets celebrate, sip some Cris Some more shit we embraced just to end up dissed Go and buy the bar out so we can all get bent Lets go cop a bunch of cars just to still pay rent Or here's another bright idea to entertain Lets go and put our face on the bottom of a chain Or some of us are just nigga rich with nigga money While Jews keep laughing lookin' at these nigga dummies Hip hop is just a stepping stool Til we find another role we can step into to Some of us doing movies as a matter of fact And some never stop the plan life after rap I mean ah As I'm older we stopped moving further Around the same time Snoop Dogg went on trail for murder Or was it Scarface creating these cloneys Thirty years later everybody's still Tony Maybe anyone complaining is deranged Can you expect something to grow and not change? Which results in our exceptions, deviated our old route To simplify the term, we all sold out I think I figured out who's to blame We started out Obama ended up McCain So we Kurt Cobained ourselves when we defeated So next time they asked you who killed it say WE DID The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 3rd Storee f/ Joe Budden Album: Get With Me 12" Song: Get With Me Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: 3rd Storee] (2x) You should get with me If you get with me You should get with me If you get with me [Verse: Joe Budden] Lady, think I just wanna hug and squeeze? Think I just wanna touch and tease? Mami I ain't tryin' to cut and leave I'd rather cruise the crib let you touch the Keys Said your ex made it hot, I'm a up the degrees But lady, it's not a game I ain't lookin' to kill you with corny lines Like "you lookin' familiar" never ever, ever ever You the one I see in my eyes And I'm just wantin' you to be at my side Holler at her [Verse] Do I look like I'm fakin' with you? (And I) Am out to hurt you (And I) Do care about you (And I) Just wouldn't love you (And I) Won't get me to you (And I) Just want it from you (And I) Is not out to please you (And I) Could show you I'm true (If I) Gave the world to you (If I) Showed you how I do (If I) Make your words untrue (If I) Tell you I need you (If I) Said my heart's for you (If I) Can't live without you (If I) Can't sleep without you Would you know I'm feelin' you? baby, yeah [Chorus: 3rd Storee]        {* over chorus} What do I do?          You should get with me To show you that I'm really feelin' you   If you get with me You would feel me         You should get with me If you just let me get next to you     If you get with me I know I'll do          You should get with me Whatever it takes to please you     If you get with me Baby you'll see         You should get with me If you just let me get next to you     If you get with me [Verse] If you would just hear what I say (If you) Would just look my way (If you) Would not turn away (If you) Would see I don't play (If you) Just listen to me (If you) Knew what I can be (If you) Weren't playin' to me (If you) Were open to me (Then you) Would see what I'm 'bout (Then you) Know how I get down (Then you) Would see I can please (Then you) Would really want me (Then you) Would know that I'm true (Then you) Would see that I'm into you (Then you) You might decide To make it me and you, baby! [Verse: Joe Budden] (Wait, look) You a Glamour Miss You don't know if I could handle or miss? C'mon now, I got stamina Miss And don't think cause I'm into ballin' that I'm a control freak I won't stop them male friends from callin' And I ain't talkin' kids and marriage You been hurt in the past Not a thing, I get rid of that baggage If we - get together, cop mansion, whip together And if I slack up I get it together I picture your skin covered in the softest fabrics Daytimes, Central Park we in the horse and carriage Or let you push forces and karats Don't take it as a gift, baby girl If you my all you could have it (If I) and could be that dude that you want in your life (If I) and could put the future right in front of your eyes (If I) and couldn't live after all that I say Do you think that I'd go out of my way? Answer that mami [Chorus] (2x) Artist: AI f/ Joe Budden Album: Original AI Song: Last Words Typed by: corichan.com (Original), no1wammy@hotmail.com (Rap/Corrections) * * send rap corrections to the latter typist [Joe Budden] Jump off Joe Budden You know Got my girl AI with me We just came to do it like this, talk to each other real briefly So sexy right here Go Understand it (Rap Verse 1) You say I never called you, and I I never see you, but ma Don't get it twisted, I never planned to mislead you, and I Know what you thinking in the back of your dome That I'm in the lab, gettin' dome, but boo, I'm coming back home Just listen, hear what you sayin', ma, I kept it real with you And after all, I know you feel for me just like I feel for you Had you Want me to walk like you take homage my style Boo, you just need to be alone for a while I gotta respect it Let's go [AI] (Verse 1) We used to be so tight in the beginning Don't know how it all fell apart Maybe, cause I've been buzy You feel like second best But that's no excuse For you chasing Some other bitch's ass Now these are my last words for you Oh it's like, "Get the hell out of my life" Chorus 1: AI No matter what people see Until my voice is gone, I cry There's no place for me to go back This is it My last goodbye (Verse 2) Photo in the frame, now it's all in the past Can't even look me in the eyes The nerve that you think you can try And work all this shit out Oh, how could you Do this to me I don't need you anymore So these are my last words for you It's something like, "Get the hell out of my life" Chorus 2: AI No matter what people think Gotta keep on walking, I cry Wanna lose all my memories of you This is it My last goodbye [Joe Budden] I understand you (Rap Verse 2) Listen I'm out cakin' You thinkin' I'm out datin' That I'm out, chasin', while you just sit in the house hatin' You saying, "We don't go out," I don't hug you no more So now, you talking to me as if I don't love you no more Let's be for serious, I got your heart Don't be scurd I may have women on the side, but boo, they don't compare And though we might've lost touch, they like, we won't redeem it I hear you telling me to leave, but I don't think that you mean it I know it's wrong, baby, trust me, we can weather the storm Look, I apologize to you, now it's time to move on That's on my momma, we ain't gotta do the drama anymore Though what don't kill us such this make us stronger Please believe it Repeat Chorus 2 [AI] I'm out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bad Meets Evil f/ Slaughterhouse Album: Hell: The Sequel Song: Loud Noises Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  "LOUD NOISES!"  [Eminem] Life handed me lemons, I jumped back in the public eye and squirted lemon juice in it, by now you just wish I'd fuckin die But I electrify, get electrocuted, executed by the execution of my flow too quick for the human eye to detect zoomin by {*vocal scratches*} Gue-gue-guess who? What's happenin guy? They told me to shit, I fell off that pot, hopped right back on that crapper and I said fuck IT with a capital I, look who's back to antag-g-gonize You don't like it you can eat shit, fuck off little faggot and die You right back like a magnet on my dick grabbin at my shit better get to the back of the line If you wanna get your shot at me, what kind of crap is that? Battle, what kind  of rapper would I, be? 'Fore I let another rapper think he's hot I'll bury my face in a stinky twat and go ah-ladl-lah-ladl-lah-ladl-LAH! Girl my head space is limited, ain't even room in the back of my mind So I ain't thinkin about you, I don't got time, I done told you a thousand times So how could I find the time to put an Alkaline  battery in Royce's back and at the same time put juice in mine?  Goddamn it, Slaughterhouse is SIGNED! [Crooked I] SLAUGHTERHOUSE!! I'm a - menace villian, my pen is sick and spillin, my lyrics killin Then I let you witness shit when it hit the ceilin A nigga's willin to give the listeners the sickest feelin Like mixin some Benadryl and penicillin then I'm fillin a clip with a written, can you picture my pistol drillin a million women and children when I'm illin but it isn't real it's a rap, on the real it's a wrap, how could you possibly stop the apocalypse when I'm atomic bombin the populous? Shock the metropolis, hostile as a kid, poppin a glock at his moms and his pops then he hops in his drop, with his iPod rockin his  Slaughterish documentation of lyrics, I write with confidence Write like a columnist slash novelist I'm in this game to demolish it, establish my dominance over prominent rappers, you poppin shit to ya opposite I can spit ominous so spit politics Now I'm Haile Selassie, Gandhi and 'Pac of this hip-hop genre BITCH! ... SLAUGHTERHOUSE!! [Royce Da 5'9"] Lyrically I'm a cocaine Altoid (dope) Ability so brain, it's a no-brain bout boy (fresh) Physically I'm literally a Cocaine Cowboy, wait-wait Did I just go almost four bars without talkin about my big dick? The other day me and yo' thick bitch had a great date and we ate cake And then we walked and then she tried to jack me off but she lost  cause she couldn't handle my Shake Weight, I swear The irony of Ryan is I am bi-polar  while I'm rhymin standin beside a BIG OL', big ol' white bear! Neither one of us fight fair - you are literally lookin at Woody and Wesley  in a movie where the white boy ain't got to jump, nowhere cause I'm here Nigga I'm on fire - yeah, and I'm every bitch's dream One, two, I'm comin for you; I'm a BIG OL', big ol' NIGHTMARE~! Nigga this the Slaughter, step it up I'll pretty much slap yo' ass and tell you to shut the FUCK up... After that, I'll slap yo' ass again and tell you to shut the FUCK up shuttin up And that's how you body a fuckin beat! {"Goodbye.."} [Crooked I] SLAUGHTERHOUSE!! [Joell Ortiz] Uhh, I should be the one that goes slow Nah, get a stopwatch clock my flow, hit the button on top watch your jaw drop, oh oh Dat's dat oh, yaowa - when I drop I go outer space Black out like Darth Vader's face placed in a molten shower Say somethin and get done proper, momma poppa pourin out vodka Mama mia, Em pass me the scee-ssors, there's vee-sitors in the Slaughterhouse casa Better jet boy go home, better jet boy G4 chrome Better +Jet+ boy Mark Sanchez, Santonio Holmes, I'm NOT your any old homeboy Just - sittin in the lab, pickin up a pad I be spittin bad, I'ma get you mad with this gift I have Little duck sufferin sickatash when the trigger blast I'ma put your beak on your fitted hat RRRRAT! Where the liquor at? Sippin 'gnac Bad bitch and a vicious track, I rel-idid-ax Slide Pro-Tools to both, so smooth I coast to the West like where Crooked livin at New York is a piggy-back ride to the motherland, hold on brother man On the other hand get down, I'm gutter fam Gun-butt you with the +Eagle+ handle Cunningham I don't wanna talk, I just wanna beef, I don't want a piece I want it all baby boy, I don't wanna eat, I wanna feast Stuff my cheeks with rough beats and shit you done weak, I'm the one, capishe? Yaowa... [Crooked I] SLAUGHTERHOUSE!! [Joe Budden] Uhh, insane what they call us How you married to the game but you probably shouldn'ta came to the altar Every bar like propane for the sawed-off, you try to hang and they'll fault ya Eminem, Mr. Porter, Slaughter, my sentiments eminent torture, all of ya Feminine marauders, they swim in that water Men will assault ya, +Tommy+'s and bats to resemble Lasorda Kidnap your tremblin daughter, at least a quarter I'm a menacin supporter, it's got a aura more like Sodom and Gomorrah Normally somethin's wrong with me, blame on the quantity of the porn I see And they pawns to me, when I fix the game y'all think shit came with a warranty How the fuck they gonna stop what I was born to be? Corner me, shit belong to me Two choices, you can get along with me or sit your faggot ass right there in dormancy Wait, all he missin is heels to be RuPaul, ain't nobody that's real ever knew y'all Second to none and I'm dealin with bums  who's time never comes, now deal with the blue balls You ain't gotta fear me but you respect me, niggaz who never met me threaten me, wanna Gillette me, comin to sword fight against a machete Swingin spaghetti like it's heavy, some said he deserves an ESPY In a Chevy like Andretti, put the desi where his chest be... [Crooked I] SLAUGHTERHOUSE!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Travis Barker f/ Slaughterhouse Album: Give the Drummer Some Song: Devil's Got a Hold Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*37 seconds of instrumental*} [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] I toss, I turn, can't sleep, at night I punch, I kick, I claw, I bite It seems, that I, can't win, this fight Hands together if you there, tell him leave me alone The devil's got a hold of meeee The devil's got a hold of meeee The devil's got a hold of meeee (*whispered* - The devil's got a hold!) [Joell Ortiz] Pen in my right hand Beat on repeat, he hates when I'm writin so the thing on my nightstand start ringin and lightin up, vibratin and all that I don't wanna sell no wall crack, I just wanna go perform at the biggest place in the world cause I'm dope, like them four packs sittin in writes on my window sill, makin sure everything stays on chill Right shoulder wearin all white sayin "Joe chill" Left shoulder wearin red sayin "Pay yo' bills" So that raw metaphor that I, thought of before I don't remember no more Cause I just ran out the door to meet a fiend by the store And I heard, "So you off tour?" And I turned, and seen this whore that I used to fiend for that ain't never let me score lookin at me like I'm somethin she ain't never ever saw So a one-hour run somehow turned into 24 Wifey callin I hit Ignore, my priorities is poor Listen Lord [Royce Da 5'9"] Nickel... c'mon My life is like a box of chocolates I work hard for it, plus I am awk-ward, uhh I am a addict's son, plus I'm a addict, son I am a AK addict, uh, Travis drums I am the lead dump factor, that's why I got a edge on rappers I am redrum backwards I'll see your crew and get deep so you can respect it, jump me! I signed a deal with my maker, Satan's my record company I got a K cannon - I buy chinchillas My bitches rockin Luci-furs after they Satan-in Now can you say tannin? Better yet say Dannon Your coupe look just like yogurt, I fly I ain't landin I am the bank bandit, I got a buyin problem I goes in then walk out with all the money but I ain't rob 'em [Joe Budden] I'm talkin, I'm talkin he talks, I listen, GPS on my position Just livin, just hangin out with the opposition Can't take the heat get the fuck out the kitchen Stupid y'all, think I'm just spittin I belong in prison, crazy by my own admission on a mission to grab a podium, audience, let me tell the public that I'm self-destructive, I ain't lookin for no help, FUCK IT! Lookin for a way to get high, I'm still alive Six million ways to die, still a few more left to try {?} is Red Bull, pills is hittin, still a slight medic' We just goin back and forth, feelin like tennis Standin underneath rain, wanna be sane, friends and family wantin me to change But it's too late cause my feet is gettin comfy on the flames Check it! I don't wanna be another nigga with no gold (nah) No fame, success nigga no hope (nah) Sleep on the corner in SoHo, like up is down, there's no dough Uhh, fuck it, they ain't put me under yet And think what you wish, I ain't got one regret [Crooked I] My automobile is not a Bentley, he knows that my pocket's empty The devil's so consequently, he gotta tempt me Standin on the block you should not offend me I rock a semi, like Prada Fendi I don't think the spirit of God is in me Just wicked whispers of scriptures Satan is narratin I heard you got a safe in your crib so I'm there waitin Nobody's safe in your crib, while I'm on that staircase, I'm bare-faced Possessed by what you possess, I'm hell raising And I just left somebody's father a quadraplegic Told him not to move or get shot to Egypt, he did not believe it He's losin blood and I'm cold-blooded like I'm anemic I need a doctor, I'm psychotic, maybe I should watch "The Secret" Or see a priest and I might just chill Or will I blow him out of the confession booth, like on "Righteous Kill" Kill kill kill - God when I write this will I hope I seek some forgiveness cause {my life was real} [Outro] Devil's got a hold of me D-d-devil's got a hold of me Devil's got a hold of me... Devil's got a hold of me D-d-d-d-devil's got a hold of me Devil's got a hold of me... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Classified f/ Joe Budden Album: Handshakes and Middle Fingers Song: Unusual Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Chorus - Sample from "Rain" by Uriah Heep] Now it's raining inside, but that's not unusual But the way that I'm feeling's, becoming usual I guess you could say The clouds are moving away [Joe Budden - talking over Chorus] Uh, what up Class? Joey Let me talk to 'em (oh!) [Verse 1 - Joe Budden] No more runnin from the black cloud, got it all mapped out I put it in a figure-four until it tap out (yeah) still there some that rather see me in a crack house Stick up kids stakin out the block tryin jack Mouse Newsflash if you thinkin I'm a cash cow You probably ain't a fan nigga, that ain't what I rap 'bout I'm on settin goals, tryin to achieve it I'm such an open book but they don't bother to read it (ha) The teacher said I would never get ahead (nah) All I could do is laugh, them threats was all funny According to her I'd be dead before twenty (uh) But it's cool, I've been mislead before hunnie (oh) I'm checkin for more money, you will be disorganized Use to starin at tortured eyes from my walk of life Want to let her know I got a lot left to give It's difficult to understand what you never lived [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 2 - Classified] Aiyyo, that's how my days go, from rain showers to rainbows I'm from the place of mayflowers and raincoats John Smiths and Jane Does A bunch of nobodies who talk shit out their a-hole But that's just the way it goes, I pay no mind to banks close I know it takes two to tango, so I lay low We brush 'em off age yo (oh!), not a word We're borderline assholes like immigration officers Word, it gets better and gets worse I'm more used to it everyday I'm on this Earth People think they know me real good (they don't, they don't) Tryin to pinpoint, judge me? (I know, I know) Y'all need to look a little deeper than the little whiff of reefer That I bring into the double feature movie at the theater I live away the day while you're playin your charades I could weather out the storm, so rain on my parade (I'm used to it anyway) [1/2 Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] Uh, my sermon won't be over 'til church end (uh) My first Benz made me (what?), see I had the worst friends (uh) Meanwhile thought I was hangin with the same men (uh) Success ain't never change me but it changed them Something different about me, you can blame time It ain't a crime (what?), 'cause your problems ain't mine I learned quick if they don't care about everything that you bare Must mean that everything ain't meant to be shared (shared) [Verse 4 - Classified] I share the same views When things are gettin rough, there are few who remain true (ha) This ain't new (nah), ain't nothin unusual I don't need you, I'm glad that feels mutual How can you be so shallow, swimmin in the deep water? It's a fine line and your walkin on the edge Yeah I'm used to the rain fallin on my head But this weather got we wishin I was crawlin into bed It's cold, life is snowballin again [Chorus] - w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clinton Sparks f/ Beanie Sigel, Joe Budden, Memphis Bleek Album: Maybe You Been Brainwashed Song: ROC Cafe Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Chorus: Memphis Bleek] Sawed-off shotgun, hand on the pump Sippin that Arme', puffin on a blunt All I know is my shit better bump What? La la la la la-la la lahhhh (yo, yo) [Verse One: Memphis Bleek] {"Memph' Bleek always smokin that +La La La+"} You right Groupies they be actin too crazy, tell 'em they too hype They want leave with a G like Eas' Educated the bullshit, got a degree in these streets But, I dare a nigga act all crazy The Tec'll tear his back all crazy And you know I stay bent off the Arme' Regardless if solo or I'm deep with my army I rep, straight from the jacked M-P If I put the Tec up I gotta tote the D.E But wait! You know I'm ridin with Sauce And we ridin this song from out the Robb Report Dawg, I'm from the street, from the best I'm taught I'll get your man tied and lost, fuck the cost Got a couple of my killers who stand by And I'm G-Force stat' nigga, never fly stand-by [Hook: Jay-Z samples] "It's the R.O.C. Cafe - ya mean?" "Memph' Bleek, Young and Mack - ya mean?" "Get back - ya mean? Get clapped - ya mean?" "Get back - ya mean? Get clapped - ya mean?" [Verse Two: Beanie Sigel] Mack keep the weapon drawn, see you niggaz that rat And keep them dresses on; it's gettin outta hand Niggaz takin a stand, pickin out they man Liftin they right hand and snitch on they right-hand What's behind that shit? You both push bricks But you gon' make a statement, and sign that shit? After that anything goes - the kids crack the bridge of they nose I stand, react and live out in the cold I'd rather die than be labeled a snitch, snake, rat or a bitch I hate a D, but I know I'm a prick (uhh) You fuckin lames in the game actin sweet, never came from the streets Type to get locked and change your name to Shareef It's fucked up when your team got a bitch on it With bench warmers, you got bench warrants Detective got a Tec with two prints on it But you the only one who get arrested, and pinched for it [Hook] + [Chorus] [Interlude] I kinda wanna make an announcement I'm not sure if it's too early but fuck it I'ma do it anyway Joe Budden is officially on Roc-A-Fella Holla back [Verse Three: Joe Budden] Oh oh, get familiar whattup! Who you gon' tell boy, caked up, spend it well boy (ohh) Talkin 'bout big faces like "Hellboy" (ohh) Oh well, still get compared to rappers hangin onto another rapper coattail (nah) Keep the punches, I'd rather get substance Good knowin they get it from Budden Good knowin they jackin from the guy (tell him) use his own style Hang 'em and nail him down like "The Passion of the Christ" now That gray thing I'm in A red stripe is spaced like the 18 van (BUT) And y'all don't wanna see Jers' (why?) Cause it's full of them toys that e'rybody keep rockin on t-shirts (Welcome to the uhh) 'Bout to cop the Crossfire Cause e'ry time a truck stop I'm in crossfire (And I) I been away y'all, handlin these court priors (BUT) Album out this August and it's on fire Yeah, yeah, yeah! [Hook] + [Chorus] {*scratches*} "The the Roc, the-the the Roc" - "R.O.C." "The the Roc, the-the the Roc" - "R.O.C." "The the Roc, the-the the Roc" - "R.O.C." "The Roc, Roc, Roc, Rrrr.." - "R.O.C." Clinton Clinton Clinton Sparks "G-g-get familiar!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Crooked I f/ Colin Munroe, Slaughterhouse Album: Psalm 82:6 Song: Monsters in My Head Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Colin Munroe] Monsters, in my head Monsters, in my head [Crooked I] What if I told you I wake up screamin and swingin, dreamin that I'm fightin demons Dreamin I'm swingin on heathens, competin and schemin to eat every piece of my peace when I'm sleepin, need a priest and a deacon I'm speakin to preachers, tell 'em I'm only at peace when I'm drinkin I'm sinkin deep into hell thinkin I'm fiendin for freedom Cause bein in a well isn't good for my well-bein A walkin zombie I be comatose Nobody loves a nobody who probably overdosed in the lobby of the Omni Hotel, probably find me with an empty bottle of Oxy Shakin like a earthquake's inside me or I caught the holy ghost Wonder if therapy could take care of these monsters before I kill more innocent people than Jared Lee Loughner! They spit on me, shit on me, society kicked on me, hit on me 'til I was sick and exhausted, flipped and I lost it off hallucinogenics, they usin a clinic, I saw Lucifer's image The elephant in the room are my skeletons in the closet [Chorus: Colin Munroe] Now I lay me down to sleep I pray the Lord my soul to keep Wake me up before I'm dead Don't bury me, with monsters in my head Monsters in my head With monsters in my head And underneath the bed Underneath the bed [Joell Ortiz] I always see 'em out the corner of my eye Scared to death to fully see 'em but I try, I just wanna ask 'em why  they follow me around and they reply when I hear a sound or they walk by and give me a chill I can't explain, it feels so strange, is that a high? My anxiety's at an all-time high One second I'm good then I flip a switch and I'm thinkin I might die! These dizzy spells are so annoyin From the outside lookin in y'all thinkin I'm enjoyin myself I need help man I'm destroyin every positive force, with all these negative thoughts How can I find happiness when I can't remember it's lost? I do so many temporary things to smile for just a minute Hat low but not for style, I'm tryin to hide under my fitted Dawg it's wild, you wouldn't get it! Try my best to make e'rybody laugh, but that's just a disguise, I'm really timid Somebody make these feelings go away, forget it, that's my problem Y'all go 'head - I hate these monsters in my head [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh, it's lights out like where the Amish stay Pappy you can't tax me, I'm like Wesley Snipes in the sovereign states I'm a survivin walkin oxymoron, obviously I can say  that I am alive and I'm tryin to die this way Y'all on y'all faggot shit, I'm on my draggin my Magnum clip with monsters in my head like Earvin Magic Dick Niggaz +dessert+ me like eatin after the entrée But I'ma keep it 3000 like after the André I've adapted to a private life, yeah right Me sayin that is like sayin I'm shootin dice on a floor made out of dice I made out alive this chaotic life I just figured just quit givin dick to trick bitches and stay out of fights But I'm on my high snortin You see this +Monster Ball+ is like seein Halle Berry and Billy Bob Thornton It's FUCKIN classic~! As far as rap I wish I could wrap it in plastic and stick it up your fuckin ass Cause, I'm a MONSTER! {*echoes*} [Joe Budden] Take heed to what I'm givin you, the beefin is habitual He just ridicules, wants me in critical, will appease and get rid of you Maybe the only thing I seek is biblical When the scars are internal when the bleedin is invisible Got a friend named depression, a pill I take to relax him but when he regurgitates it the aches you just couldn't fathom Got a few talents, but lookin for a new challenge I'll let you walk in my shoes once I find a +New Balance+ With faith I stand peaceful, I know e'ry man's equal So I'm playin with the +Monstars+ like a Space Jam sequel Give 'em two choices, since they don't wanna do the least Tell 'em they can get off my DICK, or renew the lease Persevere though my bed is corrupt, expect I give up  when left to destruct, but I give less than a FUCK! Sit back comfortably, react to what they want with me The bright side is they keep an insomniac company The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Envy f/ Fabolous, Joe Budden, and Paul Cain Album: Blok Party Vol. 1 Song: Grand Theft Audio Typed by: hollaatyaboyfasho@hotmail.com [Fabolous] Yeah, uh huh, uh, uh Ghetto! Oh yeah Please believe it, believe it please Uh, Desert Storm, okay, that's right, uh Street Family, yeah They call me G-H-E-T-T-O [DJ Envy - overlapping Fabolous intro] New Fabolous, Paul Cain, Joe Buddens This shit's called Grand Theft Audio C'mon maan! [Fabolous] The kid's usually armed Especially since I put canary jewels in the charm and a mule on my arm (Yeah!) And find who you fools wanna harm Make sure ya kids wear a vest underneath they school uniform (C'mon) The pound slugs look like combos A couple in the face will make celebrities look like John Doe's (Who dat?) I'll show ya'll what the X7 look like almost (Yeah) Private jet interiors that look like condos Ya security look like Arnold But he never had so many stitches in his head, they look like cornrows (Uh ugh) Two long Desert Eag's, four on the chest It feel like you got no shirt in the Tuscon desert heat Crib got large screen cinema, garage look similar To looking in a Dupont registry I'm assuming you cats spread rumors like that 'Cause you never seen ya moms speak wit a aluminum bat Ghetto [Joe Budden] OK thugs, call the troops, tell them load they slugs (Buddens) In the closet is the long nose and O.J. gloves I don't care what type burner ya using Gangsta it out, let's put the heat down, do some furniture moving Look, tried and acquitted Rap suckers, all ya lives I lived it, remember I'm the guy that did it Who drives the 6's? Dogs, you can't ball out No matter how much you customize ya Civics Block work, glock work, give him CPR (For what?) For trying to play his A-dat in a VCR Keep on following Scarface, I'm plotting a car chase Stop! It's Jumpoff wit Desperado's guitar case I ain't gotta call on hounds (Why?) When ya guns is like the last Lennox Lewis fight, short on rounds I'm used to dra-ma, ride wit the tool and hammer All you young rap dudes is bammers [Paul Cain] Don't let me out of my cage, the world ain't ready for Cain The black talons and the calico confetti ya brain I rock Lacosta, the kid wit the roaster is back No top, sitting on 20's opposed to them black Hang rappers from helicopters, Sosa of rap I don't talk, I pull toasters, approach ya, and clap I still hustle coca and crack Just got in the game and already platinum posters and plaques I don't write, I speak what I feel And pop off po's dog, I don't need a reason to kill I'm like 2 weeks from a deal, like 2 g's from a mil Right hand, few feet from the steel They wonder how I flow so strong 'Cause I live what I spit, my smallest hammer is a 44 long I spit pain rap, when Cain clap, duck for cover Hot hanger, torch ya girl, and pluck ya mother Always ready to clash wit titans And the princesses in my watch look like a flash of lightning Same box I got for the gun you stash ya ice in Make niggas sell they soul and cash they life in Motherfucker! [DJ Envy] People's choice Don't forget Desert Storm My man Kah, Paul Cain, Fabolous, Joe Buddens Fat shout Varcity clothing line My man James A.D Desert Storm mixtape Volume 1 Blok Party You know! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ KaySlay f/ Bun B, Hak Ditty, Joe Buddens, Killer Mike, Sauce Money, WC Album: The StreetSweeper Vol. 1 Song: Coast to Coast Gangstas Typed by: AArsdam@aol.com [Sauce Money] (*Laughing*) Brooklyn This is the set-off Kay Sleezy Take it to the streets nigga Word up Sauce Money Uh, uh Proper set-off Don't get it fucked up cuz Sauce calm wit his grandma Cuz I'm like baking soda bitch, I'm armed with a hammer And when I'm strapped fool, fuck your brother Cuz like Jimmy Ivene in Virginia you in the scope like a muthafucka Fine, niggas don't wanna let him shine Niggas hate that fact Sauce don't give a fuckin' nine Soon as he ran his mouth, one tre pound seven to nine Guess who's the odd man out I guess we got something in common I'm just a little more calm when I'm about to split your arm in Put a hole so big in your noggin That if you God body, you can fit the whole sun, moon and star in You starvin' for more lyrics I know Steady robbin' all them lyrics I flow I'm Sadam-ing all you niggas fo sho You betta know I'm a true nigga, please do nigga Betta inquire from a few niggas Cuz bitch, I done shit on quite a few and quieted a few niggas Get a grip, dead four-fifth in the hip Slip, never picture me fallin' nigga don't trip [Killer Mike] Stoned is the way of my walk In a mini-mack eleven, the tone when I talk When I spray niggas pray, lay on the sidewalk Color blood red, body outlined in chalk My rhymes, two zigs all nines Hard hit when they spit, split wigs double time This eightball's a strict nine Tear apart body parts when I spark nine At they head hard lodged in they damn spine Leaves emcee's like Christopher Reeves, crippled and cryin' Shittin' in a bag and a breath away from dyin' Nigga I'm - the epitomy of raw rhymes The epitomy of rap rock I make a block party bop to the sounds of a hot glock From New York down to Georgia it don't stop Killer Kill from Addamsville with a hot glock Blaaat! [Bun B] They say murder is the case they wanna throw me I guess these muthafuckas don't know me O.G. rock called a yay slanger VA's finest Underground muthafuckin' king call me "Your Highness" I tear your sinus with this gun powder Wipe your tears with the steal, no fear this is real niggas Here is the deal: you clear in this field And ain't stoppin' until every hater here is revealed Cuz we don't need no fuckin' clearance to peel Or shortstoppers runnin' and the fear is revealed So - get off this block homie handle your corner Keep all your heroin, rocks and you mariju-wana I'm like a - character on the Sopranos or the Wire You'se a - big pussy lil' man, it's over, retire Cuz the - clock's tickin', your days is done But we know all them lil' different fuckin' ways you slum But it's trill downtown, your momma's all free Your house is sugar-layin' with your wife and your seed Yes indeed, Big Bun is on a home invasion You gon' bleed on my gun from your dome abrasions Cuz my chrome is blazin', I'm naughty crunk Got the bop gun like Sir Nose D'Voiddoffunk Bitch, I pull a sawed-off from under the waist Open your eyes muthafucka, you got thunder to face Fuck rest, we gon' lay these muthafuckas to waste You bit the pully nigga tell me, how the fuck did it taste From my gun... Big guns, big power M. Woods, sixth hour Berettas, Tauruses, Rugers Smith and Wesson's, glocks and lugers AK's, AR 15's Mack elevens and M-16's High caliber, so why try it? You live by it, so you die by it A muthafuckin' gun... [WC] Who's the man with the strap in his hand Homie's stolen semi-autos and contrabands All day every day, crossin' my hood in day In a six-trey with my nigga Kay Slay Dub the law scan, the infrared scanner Hangin' out the window, hittin' em up with the bandana And I can't stand a snitch so I - clean the lid Just in case them bitch niggas wanna sing with this I stay on the trigger, cuz lames hate me nigga They can't pay me nigga, where my lay dates nigga Where AK one-on-one so thirty shot Nine millimeter Melindas aimed ready to send ya So put your can on your vest like a Bible and pray slowly Cuz this'll leave your teflon holey With the forty glock ready to ring, bring the trauma to the scene It's the Ghetto Heisman and the Drama King [Joe Buddens] It's about that time nine-milli clappin' Dude, what's really crackin'? I been gettin' it since 'Paid In Full' was really happenin' I gotta do it like that to keep my street name And pride made me kill Wayne Growe when the heat came I don't smut but stimulation is good I keep the hammer with me, Joey's renovatin' the hood Difference between us, I'm gettin' loot on tours Good shoes on the Beem, you got a boot on yours Dudes with no names wanna put an end to me But doggs, I'm readin' between the lines, the whole game's in parenthesis Talk about models and how you with somethin' When you really shootin' air balls, you ain't hittin' nothin' Nathan, through the strip, O.G.'s blazin' Street niggas slowly hatin' on Joey so amazin' And hood niggas knowin' what up Either holdin' you down or holdin' you up, throwin' it up Oh! [Hak Ditty] Aiiyo, fuck the dumb shit, when the guns spit One clip'll have your whole strip laid down Thirty-two shots to your block, I had that shit caged down And before you blink, I let off eight rounds This the ro-yal I ain't playin' I'm takin' this over, so y'all either layin' or dying And I won't hesitate to blaze the iron You cocksuckers is chillin' with a ragin' lion I see them dudes every day, when I'm racin' by 'em Or on the curb poppin' bottles while they hatin' and eyein' Uh, whether the slider or the highrider I keep my block rocker, glock under the blue dosser Far as Philly, it's no question to who's liver I'm hotter, Hak Ditty, block locker Fully prepared I hope y'all fully aware that y'all niggas got a problem this year (*Gunshots*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ KaySlay f/ Fat Joe, Joe Budden, Joe Album: The Streetsweeper Vol. 2: The Pain From the Game Song: Not Your Average Joe Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Joe Budden] + (Fat Joe) Okay Slay, you called in the right niggaz man Yeah, JUMP OFF! (Yeah uhh, KaySlizzy) Joey Crack, I see you out there in the B-X baby! (Cook coke crack) [Chorus: Joe] Sweat is our cologne – we grindin House-landin homes – we ballin Duece to the game – we payed 'em Hits for y'all the same – we bring 'em Oh my, look what we got Three boss players chillin in one spot It's Joe and then we got Joe and then we got Joe and then - it's whoa-ohhhh-ohhhh [Fat Joe] Yeah, uhh, yo, uhh I gotta be "The Flyest" like my homie from Q-B Niggaz know the Don be the sickest with jewelry Niggaz seen the TS piece, and got they weight up Do you see the size of this charm, Mr. Jacob Nigga get your cake up, wanna get bling'd out Whether sky-blue or chinchill, I'm minked out Down in Miami, bitches say they love me Niggaz gettin mad cause the bitches wanna fuck me Always lend an ear when they man ain't listenin Put somethin mean in they ear to glisten Put 'em in the kitchen, let 'em get they bake on Love it how your ass fallin out of the apron We be makin love on the side of the road in the back of the Maybach, the curtain is closed You know how it go, we be laid back puffin the dro Then it's back to the crib down on Coconut Grove Youuuu know [Joe Budden] Okay, hold up – baby sweetie, lady darling It's the, way you treat me; wait nah It's the way I tap that last, she callin me pat that back Ah dios mios when I smack that ass It's that, pimped out demeanor She pimped out with Senior, it's the good limp with the Nina How I spit the 'caine game like I came from Yale How the cops can't hold me, my name is bail She tryna get up now, and zip to white-on-white Uptowns to that white from Uptown that got her like what now Got her tryna wine-dine, grind a little what now Got her with a eye on eye in every club now How I'm on the street with the steel How I ain't gotta play the role; I'm bein myself, just keepin it real Is it cause I'm givin her somethin that she could feel Or how I get that change or is it just that name - JOEY! [Fat Joe] Me and you.. Yo' momma and you girlfriends too.. We can take this to recharge.. And maybe we can do a menáge - haha It ain't shit, man my life's a movie Keep your mom bitches, man I fuck me a groupie She let a nigga beat it the back of the staircase All the bitch need is a blunt and a Pelle, if that [Joe Budden] Dudes wonder why I'm M.I.A. It's cause I'm back real quiet on the back of the bike in M-I-A You can get up out that Hyundai boo Lookin like she off the runway too Meet me at the crib you can come straight through Never shoes or pumps, straight boots like she strip at Sue's Rendezvous But oops – come cool with it, what you want do with it? Joe ma, remember the name and get used to it [Joe] Whoa, whoa-ohhhh, whoa.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Corté Ellis f/ Slaughterhouse Album: Money on the Floor 12" Song: Money on the Floor (Slaughterhouse Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Corté Ellis] Stuntin like a muh'fucker I be I be I be, I be on that on that (Slaughterhouse!) On that on that on that on that [Crooked I] + (Corté) Yo, million dollar +Playboy+, bunny ears and all The reason for the long ears, money hears it all She say "I love you papa," then I grab my chopper Tell her pull over to box the lights, honey here's the mall (Money on the floor) I tear it down wall-to-wall If I'm not spendin Kobe paper at least I'm Pau Gasol I spend to live lavish, I get to the cabbage I'm sicker than average, I'll give your chick my stimulus package, uhh [Corté Ellis] I got a lot of cars, got a lot of jewels Spend a lot of money women say I act a fool When I'm in the club, bottles in my hand Stuntin like a (muh'fucker) watch me do my do my do my (dance) Is this your girl? Cause homie if it is Get her from my table cause you know what it is I'm tryin to get her home, when she done with that Patrón She don't pick up the phone, then you know what's goings on She lookin at my watch, and not just for the time Attracted to the shine, she attracted to the grind I'm 'bout to make her mine, then get up in her mind Then get up in her spine, man she better recognize I got [Chorus 2X: Corté Ellis] (Got) Money on the floor (got) money on the floor (Got) Money on the floor (got) money on the floor (Got) Money on the floor (got) money on the floor You get that girl? I get that girl; you get that girl? I get that girl [Joe Budden] Okay, uhh, get this paper, uhh Look, look look; she told me she couldn't help it So then it's a overload maybe somethin you gon' need help with like soon as we weld it (ohh) Heated up, melt it (or) beat it up, welt it When she scream that she never felt it I knew it's a job I well did I ain't on no wealth shit but the V is like a stealth shit (Or) Or aircraft, my share cash got her near fast Way she wear that, I threw the dough in the air Enough to keep you off that blow for a year, let's get it clear Joey! [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Royce Da 5'9"] Nickel (woo!) Nickel-Nine I'm so ghetto, fo', metal Walk around on money like I'm Akeem and them dollars is rose petals And I keep that dough handy - that sweet smell of money I sniff it, I get high, I call it nose candy Mama take a flick – 20 thousand on me Every G that's in my pocket separated by a paper clip Every G that's with me separated by a AK clip We 'bout that white, okay-K-K Step back, my niggaz throwin [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Joell Ortiz] Uhh, first it starts in my pockets in thick rubber bands Then it makes its way to the bar next to my cup of Grand Marnier, wish it would stay there but it can't parlay When it sees a runway, it takes flight, and lands by they lingerie Especially when they body's sweet like, crème brûlée And that booty puts they thong away I'm havin fun, all you haters can keep lookin Matter fact, don't keep on lookin, I'm from Brooklyn We gon' end up puttin money on the flo' [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Corté Ellis] Now what I'm 'posed to do, with all this money Ridin in a spaceship, they look at me funny Donald Trump money, that Bill Gates money Warren Buffett money, can't take nuttin from me Now what I'm 'posed to do, with all this money Ridin in a spaceship, they look at me funny Donald Trump money, that Bill Gates money Warren Buffett money, can't take nuttin from me, ohh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Slaughterhouse, Yelawolf Album: 2.0 Boys 12" Song: 2.0 Boys Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Eminem] Ohh! Told you! Game over! [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh, Ryan's a homicidal misfit I write the solution to biophysics on the side on a cliff in some heiroglyphics This my admission to havin violent psychotic wit Devour polish it, politics By the way I'm higher than the Eiffel Tower tip I like writin but I will stick this pencil in ya ass before I write ya shit Pause, inhalin hella kush Us and Yelawolf like a heavy foot, gas pedal push Felons crooks, goin door to door like we sellin books Dolly Parton style, melons mushed Now my bitch dancer, I'm 'bout as sick as cancer If you could swallow my style you'd probably rip ya pants up If you could bottle my style and sell it to somebody it probably'll smell like cologne made out of bits of panther They call me anchor man, I hold down the ship Leave you niggaz floatin in water then go and drown a fish Fuck! I'm fuckin heinous, I'll make you fuckin famous Them lead showers is comin, fuck is you sayin? [Eminem] FUCK, it's fuckin rainin; SHIT, it's lightning BITCH, it's thunderin, cause I'm cussin up a storm if you wonderin Shit, SHIT! You couldn't muster up enough thought to take a dump turd or brain fart, jump if you want Urine in your face, all you had to do was say that you wish you would've just stayed pissed off in the first place We came to monopolize the game, Illuminati is here Yeah, human oddities, at odds with us just why it's gotta be Cause we started out cold and it snowballed, we froze Soon as we rolled up, on these hoes Alls we is know y'all lowered the bar like limbo, you know who you are So quit fuckin the dog 'fore we start callin you Bizarre Shit, screwed the pooch, y'all done raped the Pitbull Fell in love with a Shih Tzu, this missile's directed directly at you And as for these hoes who don't know me from a can of paint You must be huffin, fuck a ball sack if your taints can't take you on a date You mistake me for a gentleman, you're 2000-and-late Man I'm will.i.AIN'T! I'm the bad guy, type of guy that'll drag five  girls up on stage, pour ice in their pants, and the first one who +Peas+, gets a +Black Eye+! [Chorus: Eminem] Must be out of your mind You think you're fuckin with us Suck on these nuts Bitch hang it up, this game is over [Joell Ortiz] Puffin loosies watchin "I Love Lucy" with Gary Busey - crazy! How the fuck could you son me? I'm Shady! Will there ever come a day where they could slay me? I don't know; fifth month, black and yellow insect, May bee/maybe! 'Til then I kill the bad man tryna slay me E'rything you kick weak, you speak kung fu-gazi All my homeboys, 2.0 boys Nickel I just picked up a Phantom, look how it Rolls, Royce! Even if I wanted to quit I ain't got no choice Verses keep comin, I should invoice my own voice You should see the kind of asses that my pole hoists Hoes be like diamonds in your chain mayne, so moist Bang bang, bang bang! House Gang, chainsaw Here to kill you pussies, don't ask what we came for I write 'til my right arm vein's sore Forearm feel like Thor's arm in a gang war You hear that YAOWA you know who finna file out Definitively finish you, my fist stick out that agua Piranha mentality with a Jaws bite all night Comin up never saw light but never lost sight [Joe Budden] Jets and movers, cesspool-ers, meth abusers Wish death to us, tecs rugers to respect they shooters My men think in sync, roll with the best crew Must move to the beat of the same drum without Lex Luger Welcome to nay hood, bigger than 'jects Cheated death multiple times without riggin the deck So I'm well-prepped if you just want war There'll be blood e'rywhere, you'd be layin on the Louboutin floor It's raw, but keep actin like you don't know Mouse nigga And you gon' need the best doctors, House nigga Guard your jewels and avoid large tools Cause after I spill you at the light you'll be in the carpool Keep your distance from idiots, cause the truth told They food for thought's rotten, they gems are fool's gold Need results from my actions, mistakes I'll exonerate I'm Martin King starin at a picture of Obama's face Talkin funds, niggaz ain't never seen stock I don't need the key to the game, I pick a mean lock [Crooked I] Take off, you invited inside of the mind of a psychotic rhymer I'm kind of a - Dahmer! I'm grindin up rappers, I'm linin up jackers, I'm climbin up ladders I buy enough clappers to retire you factors, fire at drama You liars and actors, I'm the genuine article But read me wrong, get my gun to split you to particles (particles) Tell me when and I'm there Not only heir to the throne, but my chair is suspended in air Stay fly like unlimited fare You got us pegged wrong, my circle don't fit in with squares I smell shit and piss, know where it's comin from? You stepped on #2, just to be #1 Now I'ma step on you, bring it to yo' yard Bogart for ours, we go hard You frauds just blow hard like broads, I coast guard the West I'm Mozart, I compose dark shit with no heart [Yelawolf] I got Jim Beam in the liver, gettin head like clean clippers With haters on my dick like a jean zipper But I throw up 16's like I drink liquor You think you seen sick? Well BITCH you ain't seen sicker Then I'll, crack and then I'll hop around in a hospital gown Poppin the trunk, my pumper stay cockin the rounds I shit logs and I piss, river brown Cause I drink creek water and spit the river Nile And that's as close as I get to a pyramid Shit, they think I'm Illuminati, so fuckin ignorant Shit with a grin, here with this pen, so innocent But when you win they say you a sin, but in the end They jump on the bandwagon and dance to the band playin Skinny ass, pants saggin, it's only yourself you're playin Call me a clown but you love what the clown's sayin in them freak shows at the county carnival, then you payin Bitch I'm on a trapeze with no legs in the dark yellin "Go Shady!" Drivin slower than an old lady In an old '89, no piece if you pay me Give me peace sign on my grille, no Mercedes I'm gettin paid for these shows that I throw lately Same shows a year ago would've broken most of you crazy They call me crazy cause I made it Bitch you crazy cause you quit, look at my clique lady! You ain't fuckin with Budden, you ain't got no choice with Royce You don't wanna see the Crooked I, or listen to Ortiz voice That dirt road hit the 8 Mile, the point-oh boys And if Marshall want me to clap then homie I'll deploy Game over! [Marshall] Yo I don't think they heard you, tell 'em again [Yelawolf] Game over! [Marshall] Ha ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fabolous f/ Joe Budden, Paul Cain Album: More Street Dreams Pt. 2: The Mixtape Song: Fire Remix - Joe Budden Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Joe Budden - talking] Let me just make this statement Loud and clear - Jersey's here Hey, Ja, Joey Triangle Offense do it like ... (whoa) ("what" - repeated in background) (*female voice: "yeah" - repeated*) [Verse 1 - Fabolous] Maybe it's the dipped Jesuses The twin Jesuses with diamonds in them, that's clear they break gooses Maybe cause I'm in they roofless or the Hypno I put in they juices I'm the "Joe Millionaire" of rap and one of these chicks is gonna get picked and gonna get dicked I'm all that and then some, y'all cats have been bums That's pocket change, you call that an income? Tell the way I walk that I'm doin my thing (uh huh) A lot a niggaz talk but ain't doin a thing (uh uh) Whatever come in the fall, I do in the spring See I told y'all I'm doin my thing And I'm winnin by a landslide, damn right Don't you see the way they point at this man's ride Now, look at here, I took it there I'ma make this statement loud and clear - Brooklyn's here [Chorus - Joe Budden] (*female voice - repeats "yeah" in background of Chorus*] That fire, problems in the club, reach for that snub Look dog it's on fire, that's when you turn it up You wanna burn it up, come deal with them riders Small one on my hip, when you hear the clip You got to see fire, when it all hits the wire We gonna light it on fire [Break - Joe Budden] We gonna do it like We gonna do it like (We gonna light it on fire) Triangle Offense daddy Cain (we gonna light it on fire) I know you got somethin more (*"yeah" - repeated*) Don't even hold back Woo, we gonna do it like Yeah get 'em Uh, uh, uh [Verse 2 - Paul Cain] Here with the white and the Canary cross (yeah) Bracelets to match, diamonds clear of floss Convertible hard top in a Carrera Porsche (Cain) I'm young but I'm damn near a boss And of course your boy ride with a thing in the stash box Quick to hit the button, even quicker to blast shots Nobody gonna eat, 'less we see chips This not even funny, not the way we freak chicks My waiters make ladies see sick I'm "So So Def" like a J.D. remix I got enough whips to keep switchin up flavors Drafted outta high school, straight into the majors These haters, fake smiles, but they hardly like me They hate to see me in a party icy Clean white T, sippin on Bacardi lightly Suade low cut Force, one caramel nightly [Chorus] (*female voice - "yeah" repeated through Chorus and into Break*) [Break - Joe Budden] We gonna light it on fire Yeah, whoa [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] I got a ear for your amp it up with Jersey's answer The chancellor standin up for ten minutes man It's tough plan, plan that's what the camma does And Jam's son it's the new King, done with the cameras You pop lip like you got shit That's a minor congestion you not sick Now you wanna call names like Tupac did Home boy here's a few glock clips Still Junior like Lou Gossett Joey right back on overcharge New York to cut the lights back on Peform Bloomberg to come get me all I send the gools that make the bad things happen in city hall All, K's spray cats, we don't play that She allowed to sway why don't use say that (yeah) Can't stop, won't stop, shots heard, one shot, gun shot make your lungs stop, breathe easy [Break - Joe Budden] - w/ ad libs We gonna light it on fire We gonna light it on fire (female voice - "yeah" - repeated) We gonna light it on fire We gonna light it on fire ("woop, woop, woop, woo" & "yeah" - repeated until end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fabolous f/ DJ Clue, Joe Budden, Paul Cain Album: More Street Dreams Pt. 2: The Mixtape Song: Niggaz Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com, hoopallstar23@aol.com [Intro - DJ Clue] Yeah y'all This the Triangle Offense Ghetto Fab Paul Cain, Joe Buddens We all "Street Dreams" At one time or another Fast cars, cash Money, hustlin... C'mon y'all Desert Storm [Chorus - Paul Cain] Some niggas thug, and some niggas is bitch Some niggas'll rob, and some niggas'll pitch Some niggas ain't got shit, some niggas rich Some niggas do the time, and some live as a snitch [Verse 1 - Paul Cain] Now some niggas like to pull out and talk, some niggas pop off Some niggas found they way to the top, some niggas got lost Some niggas keep it thorough in jail, some niggas got soft Some niggas ride hard top Coupe, I pull the top off And quick to speed off on the jake Quick to back, any nigga gettin money, come up off of the safe Fuck the city, I'm extortin the state I'm like O. from the "Wire", walk wit a sawed-off and a .8 When I was taught, never talk wit a snake When you kill a nigga you love, you pay for the coffin and weight Get you wrapped up, and tossed in a lake If you can't get the whole pie, just take ya portion and skate Don't fuck wit niggas, if they soft or they fake Only jail cats, and niggas going back and forth to court could relate Fuck wit me, and I'ma alter ya fate Send some wolves after ya girl, I specialize in torture and rape We in the game most dudes ain't built for Cain talk the type of shit, niggas get killed for Whatever it's gon' be, let it be, I ain't waistin a slug And time is money, and when it come to mind, take it in blood, nigga [Chorus - Fabolous] Some niggas thug, and some niggas is bitch Some niggas rob, and some niggas'll pitch Some niggas ain't got nothin, some niggas rich Some niggas do the time, and some live as a snitch [Verse 2 - Fabolous] These niggas act like, I ain't sling the clip at the last lane And ran to the cops, to bring the tips of the last names (Nigga!) Like I ain't bring the shipments, and past caine And sticky that'll leave ya finger tips wit the grass stains (Nigga!) Like I don't swing and zip through the fast lane Would you believe, this ringer chipped me a fast Range (Nigga!) Like I ain't sling on stips, till my past fame And stacked it up, like the Pringle chips, when the cash came (Nigga!) Like I ain't fling and dip, when the task came I knew these niggas sing like pits, so I stash change The singles chipped in my ass changed But this player never pay for, them rings and whips, just to gas dance I'm why you stay in touch wit ya writer Even made you pick up ya pen, and start clutchin it tighter I ain't much of a fighter But I know, everything about rollin up, like a Dutch in a Spyder My dope is much more than whiter One hit'll have the fiends yellin out, they need crutches and lighters The Fed's can't touch us indict us, and the hoes can't even get numbers They wanna stay in touch, they could write us, nigga [Chorus - Joe Budden] Some niggas thug, and some niggas is bitch Some niggas rob, and some niggas'll pitch Some niggas ain't got shit, some niggas rich Some niggas do the time, and some live as a snitch [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] Listen, listen, I lived that life, of click-clack life The kidnap life, the kid's the wise, I did that twice! You prolly see that through ya bitch ass eyes Still I'm that nigga that you get at why Man forget that they knew me, remeber me thug I'm from that same block, rips snorkle on ja dip in a Lucy 'Member they back you down, when knives was out .45 was out, scully ya eyes come out But now could you hear nigga all in this place That when you see him in the streets, you gettin all in his face More you give a nigga, the more that he takes, and you wanna beef Knowin I'm slower than do so, cause I got much more at stake HUH!?... that's why I'm ignorin ya page I can't respect you no more, you's a fraud and a snake But you noticed that's the hate that I love You see me eating off rat, that same feat you think you capable of Don't get me worng, I would like to get it But you acting like, I ain't blow my show money on a rifle fetish And my pop's voluntarily, surrendered to the Fed's This is the wrong time to fuck wit my head I'm tryna tell you, friends are ya worst enemies So if I make friends wit my worst enemies, that'll maybe even things out But one in ya dome is easy, get it on if need be Chrome for sheezy, please, DON'T believe me [Chorus - Fabolous] Some niggas thug, and some niggas is bitch Some niggas'll rob, and some niggas'll pitch Some niggas ain't got nothin, some niggas rich Some niggas do the time, and some live as a snitch, nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fabolous f/ Freck Billionaire, Joe Budden, Paul Cain, Ransom, Red Cafe Album: From Nothin' to Somethin' Song: This Is Family Typed by: ny4life33@yahoo.com [Ransom] Where the fuck's all these niggas saying Ran' isn't hot I damage the block I scramble like Randall with rocks I'm that nigga in the gambling spot Cracking jokes and drinking liquor You still gotta hand me your watch I'm in the kitchen with the pans and the pots Razor on the plate, trying to figure out how many grams I'm a chop Family or not, some niggas making plans with the cops Trying to figure out how to make this animal stop Who these niggas trying to take down Break down, tray pound, eight rounds He ain't feeling nothing from the waist down Hit up, lit up, he never gonna get up There's only one legend alive The rest you gotta dig up You acting like it's hard to roast ya (yeah) I'll creep in your crib, and put your brains on you Barkley posters Got no time to be boxing around I got the ox and the pound I'll leave you in the box in the ground Got the keys to the game, and we locking this down Underwater with the sharks, and we not gonna drown Got the order from the narcs, they still watching the town I'm copping a pound They ain't no stopping us now, my nigga [Freck Billionaire] Ya clip trip, clip spit Get your strip wet I got the rubber grip Smith and my rich sweats Player haters talking 'bout they gonna get Freck I'm in the Lamb' sunk lower than the shipwreck They call me bar-for-bar 'cause I spit the better lines The white bitch got me rich like Federline        Fuck a G-pack, I'll show you how to read crack (how?)     You get it soft, and then you rock it like T-Mac     The weed good price, plus it smoke so speci (how much it cost?) Three thousand full pound of some Dro pesci Y'all niggas only talkers I'll let my homies spark ya We in the spurs, that's faster than Tony Parker (what else?) This is family, don't ever cross my brother (no) Like Big Worm, niggas rather cross their mother Mention names in my family tree This nigga talking crazy like insanity plea I, swear to god, the next nigga I give it to Is going to a place FedEx can't deliver to (let's do it) I'm West Philly Freck, yeah I get dirty I'm the best, hands down, like six-thirty [Paul Cain] Look Like Michael J. Fox, I got +Family Ties+ Posing us can't be wise Swept across the family dies Something small as a look, can bring about a man's demise And whoever he stands beside, hit him where he can't survive Throw the drop, or slip an object, if not then missing Nine shot, pop a clip in, pine box the opposition Put him in formal dress, right hand across the left No autopsy necessary to determine the cause of death Six shots across the chest should explain his loss of breath Skin peeled off your flesh, I know you wish you wore a vest (ha ha ha) That's a no brainer, I'm coming with both flamers I'll spray 'em, but I'm no painter To this here, I'm no stranger It's obvious you no bangers You dudes pose no danger Your whole crew chumps, in the closet like coat hangers Like purple broke up in the dutch Leave you broke up on a crutch That's what happens when shooters choke up in the clutch We gonna body you, and have to hook your wife to an I.V. too Put both of your parents side by side in I.C.U (everybody lose) Closed casket so they can't have a proper wake Don't interfere with family business, that's how we operate [Joe Budden] Yo Niggas is letting birds turn the tables on they squad Need help with a jump, got some cables in the car Cause they all become nondescript When something bright is on your wrist Like you repping the bionic six Who wanna fire, when guns fire, your lungs tire I'm an idol, niggas is Sanjaya, now who wanna try us That four-five will spit I'll slump you in the driver seat And make you really ghost ride the whip It's real talk, shady niggas couldn't get a tan from me Cause I get in the ring for that Vince McMahon money Soon as his un-tuck BAM Talking about you touch grams I'm coming through your window something like +Brother Man+ It's just who we are If I see yar, it's E.R Vacay in D.R., shirt and jeans, G-star Tell me how they gonna manage Letting off Virgina Tech's now, dudes ain't even safe on campus Gotta spaz on cowards Every twenty-four, every half-hour Niggas be trying to be Jack Bauer So let fam' keep talking You gonna need a +Weekend At Bernie's+ If you trying to see a +Dead Man Walking+ [Red Cafe] I guess it's left to me, the popcorn slinger, to pop off nigga Callouses on my pop finger, pop off nigga Pop through, throw the drop, kick the lock off dump 'Fore them bodies drop out, six glocks in the trunk Chef boy supplying, whip whop is drying When they move that, more whip whop arriving And my connect from Phoenix, the connect named Phoenix Still Keep the iron like my right hand anemic For the family, I'll be squeezing, no reason Blood work, nobody leaving this bitch breathing Niggas on the low, kidnapped my flow Coulda asked for it, I woulda gift wrapped my flow Don't gotta ask for it, I'm gonna sit back the fo' Flip it around, let the handle crack ya jaw Eastside, Westside, I'll be in my Converse This a convict rapping, It's a con's verse Arm & Hammer mis-man, 'Los, Joey, or Ris-am All they gotta do is chirp And them things are gonna blis-am Shake down, fiz-am Straight from the Brooklyn borough that never riz-an Block-ay block-ay [Fabolous] Now if they get me on wire traces I'm gonna die in comstaat I got prior cases from riding with firearms cocked Fire bomb box, set up by your mom's block Go off on time, 'cause it's wired by alarm clock I get his legs, you grab him by his arms ock We gonna go this liar harm while his crying moms watch Last seen in Brooklyn, they found 'em by a Bronx lot Rifles on the roof, yeah we got him by a long shot We don't fire warning shots, niggas fire on swat And if they get me, Brooklyn gonna riot on spot I'm from the hood, so I'm supplying bomb rock 'Round here that's better than buying from Viacom stock Look, you can't hold nothing, but I got a shell to give I'll make his relative show me where the fella live Ain't that his baby sis', get up in this Mayby' miss Before I pull this perm and start swerving like Jadakiss If he heard yet, bet that get the word buzzing You send a message when you kill a nigga third cousin Niece, nephew, they gonna need Tef' too This'll a go in and out they chest like a breath do You Clay Aiken-soft You playing games until this red light's on ya It's like the Playstation's off Smith & Wesson work, Luger nine labor Professional shit like they did me on majors This is family nigga, do not cross the brothers I'll put you in the box, one hand across the other A small price to pay, son, it might cost your mother One of your grandparents, even your baby brother Cause everybody knows, everybody goes I want them in coffins, everybody's closed Related by the streets, this is family beef So you better not touch a branch on this family tree Nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fabolous f/ Joe Budden, Teyana Taylor Album: The Soul Tape 2 Song: Want You Back Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Teyana Taylor] [Fabolous] You see what I can't understand, is how somebody have a lifetime friend That they been through thick and thin with, and they just fall out over the simplest shit man Like, but that same person a be in a relationship with a triflin ass mu'fucker And keep takin him back, shit is crazy [Verse One: Fabolous] The karma of fuckin over a good person, is the asshole you end up with Get a taste of your own medicine, funny you the one who end up sick Always took you back, even though it made my friends upset Told me I should blow you off havent got that wind up yet  Know how many days I hurt, many nights I been up stressed Thought that we have been in love, maybe I just been upset When you crossed me you lost me, now if I was guardin Derrick Rose I would be more understandin but, you ain't Derrick Rose You was my number one but ummm you ain't Derrick Rose You tryin to make a point again, you ain't Derrick Rose You just on some bullshit bitch you ain't Derrick Rose I'm a lover and a fighter fight for what I love But you made certain of bitches I think nothin of Ask myself why fight when it's long been over God gives the hardest battles to the strongest soldiers  So I fight for us long as there is reason to You wanted to give up on us long as there was season two Cool! You gonna need me one day And if it's sunday that one day 'gon be monday That's how fast things change sometime Niggas play the tough role I Ving Rhames sometime Like, like, like I don't want that bitch back! I mean I want her but I don't want the bitch back! She say she want him but she don't want that nigga back! That nigga act like I ain't had a nigga back [Chorus: Teyana Taylor] (Joe Budden) You're gonna need me, one, day (So much pain in a sample) You're gonna want me back, in your arrrrrrmmmmmsssss!!!! (So much pain in some of our hearts) You're gonna need me, one, day (I just want a pain free heart, I don't ask for much, Fab what's good though?) You're gonna want me back, in your arrrrrrmmmmmsssss!!!! (Let's talk to her real quick) [Verse Two: Joe Budden] We start with I love you, I think we got the power to grow Would've gave up but there's no coward in Joe Funny thing about it all you checked my twitter every hour or so And then you bring this fake shit to our reality show Been half of many years, lookin for devotion It's weird, your feelings but I put 'em into motion I dictate the what's and why's (What else?) the how and when You ain't learn to separate your now from then I keep my distance 'cause when I'm near my head is hurtin Exhausted every road to friendship but it's never workin And me I met the sweetest you know y'all met in person Bottom line I made you then made a better version Tried to give you good advice but you ain't heed it much To figure you ain't need it but all I can do is seed it Told you you 'gon fuck around and end up sick You chose dick from this nigga from the New York Knicks My nig, you so spiteful, that ain't the way we act That cock was inserted in you, how could it pay me back? I know you said when we were over you start aimin bigger  But you can't have anonymity with famous niggas (OH!) Know you thinkin my happiness is a front How would you ever know? Happiness is what you wanted  So unidentifiable when that armor never led up And fucked me real good, but karma fucked you better [Chorus: Teyana Taylor]  You're gonna need me, one, day  You're gonna want me back, in your arrrrrrmmmmmsssss!!!!  You're gonna need me, one, day  You're gonna want me back, in your arrrrrrmmmmmsssss!!!!  [Outro: Teyana Taylor] And never miss a good thing 'til it leave you, I finally realized I don't need you You want me back? You know your gonna need me back, gotta have you back babe And heart broken when you left my world, boy you know you should have kept this girl I was there for you, Now I don't know what you 'gon do, without me babyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!! Ooohhhhhhh! That was the last thing you said to me, right now that you still wish I was here with you Oh! Ooohhhhhhh! You want me back, you gonna want me back, ohhhhhhhh!!!! Ooooooohhh no!!! I said I want you want you want you want you want you, baby baby! Ooooooohhh! You gonna want me back! Heyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!! Ummmmmmmmm!!!!!! Ummmmmmmmmmm!!!!! Oooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! Uh! Oooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! Want me back, and I dpn't want you back, hey hey hey!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Slaughterhouse Album: Who You Mad At? Me Or Yourself? Song: House Gang Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com, Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Funkmaster Flex] GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!! Yeah you know what it is!!! Funk Flex!  Who you mad at me or yourself?! Slaughterhouse! This is mean right here! [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] Me and you (We comin!) Yo' mama and yo' cou-sin too (It don't matter, we comin) That hoodrat bitch that's in love, with you (Don't matter, we comin!) We comin for 'em, you know what we do and why we do and how we do it [Verse One: Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah! I said the kids the dog, everybody dyin, no lyin Livin the life of a serpent  My enemies in some shit I'm rollin up in a viper the white room is perfect Rifle dispersin, COME OUT YO' HOUSE!!!! This is offensive minded gents against a blind defense This reminds me of Joey checkin Consequence!!!  (Everyone enjoy their day) I sound calm but in my mind I'm huntin you down while you try to climb the fence Split yo' spleen while you with yo' queen Fuck the mood of the room I like it ain't no theme (WOO!) Obama take away my right to bear arms I'm puttin a sweater around the uzi I'm walkin around with it like it's my toy dog Yo' boy ball like Augmon, augmentation take place Often if they faceoff (WOO!) You callin me sober so what save the shit I'd done drink so much I don't even know what bein famous is The difference between the d list and the a list bitch All I know is that I'm a hop, skip and a sniff away from doin a plate of Taylor Swift That'll be the day you haters wish, that day I'm standin up at that podium At that Grammy show, dressed up like The Dream livin a nightmare On Zanies, coke, and handlin mo' than God can throw upon the shoulders of an addict I'm Michael Jackson, Whitney Houston Wrapped up in a plastic package, my only true concern is What am I 'gon do after rappin, maybe I'll clap yo' ass and Just do life, 'fore I break in this new knife, all I wanted do is [Verse Two: Joell Ortiz] Rappity rappity rappity rappity rap that's all I'm good fo'? Nah I was that nigga that asked you why you in my hood fo'? You know them good folks? That's yo' cousin or yo' aunt live in that buildin? Well then yo' uncle should've told you don't wear no gold like you just chillin Now I'm 'gon need that chain you wearin no hard feelings  Since I know them people you said you kinfolk to won't be no killin Though I'm willin to leave you spillin, like oil when it fuck up drillin I'm no villian I'm just, playin the hand I was dealt ain't none of us out here did the dealin We all grew up in a full house, we were bored as lil' children Straight in the projects faces flushed just finished stealin this ain't no poker face boy! Ain't no bluffin, all that huffin and puffin for what?! You givin up somethin either your life or all that ice you should've had tucked in Now see back in the days the yaowa was a trapper Scribblin raps up in my Trapper Keeper don't keep uh callin me this here rapper I emcee, get it right, Jack Dempsey, with the right Mayweather, with the left, Pacqueio, say good night You don't wanna box me papi your footwork sloppy I'll knock anybody out That ain't no punchline man I'm like Rocky I'm a quarter of the Slaughter four fourths of a New Yorker You know the aura, yay', fig cheese, Timbs and Chinese food orders Ortiz [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] Me and you (We comin!) Yo' mama and yo' cou-sin too (It don't matter, we comin) That hoodrat bitch that's in love, with you (Don't matter, we comin!) We comin for 'em, you know what we do and why we do and how we do it (we comin!) [Verse Three: Crooked I] My goon levels be equal to Bean' Sigel Shootin out of a moving vehicle from the seat of a Jeep Eagle Then I'm switchin the Jeep Eagle, ditchin it for a cheap Regale Come back with a street sweeper and continue to sleep people (POW!) When I squeeze lethal shots you meet evil Drop the street sweeper, cock the D. Eagle, pop yo' ce-rebral  Hemisphere, the end is near, nigga the menace here Bitches askin me if Em is here Shit, he prob'ly playing tennis in his Lear Rockin the diamond worth the city of Venice in his ear While I'm gettin more chin than- Hold on, that shit is weird I was gon' say gettin more chin than a nigga  tryna enter the Guinness with his beard Shady Records gettin the ladies naked usin baby effort While you niggaz invitin hoes to your crib Knowin yo' spot is smaller than those on a baby leopard Get on my level, maybe never, crazy Mercedes, navy leather seats leanin The streets fiendin, to find somebody who know about puttin they whole family on, you'd have to meet Keenan Wayans, bar for bar, where do I weigh in No clue, it's Goku, I'm +Super+, I'm just sayin/Saiyan [Verse Four: Joe Budden] Next shit, Flex shit, right back on our shit again Shady Street, House Gang, but they won't let us live again Monday through Friday, so pull up in a different Benz Just in case they thought I was losin focus nigga switch your lens Critically acclaimed, to critically defamed After all I done for this industry these kids should be ashamed dawg Maybe I haven't done a thing and that's a fantasy I'm not so offended much, gotta pardon my vanity Wait - sometimes it's called for, you gotta get braggadocious The only way to get the attention of those that haven't noticed Mine the only genre that don't seem to applaud consistency So when I say I'm nice and they know how far the distance be ... Cause to me it's undeniable Still who they can depend on, never been unreliable The hotter shit means nada if them dudes ain't bringin fire through So when they make this list how could this shit be justifiable? Jers' shit, Jers' shit, 'member me from Bentley kid? Never went diamond but the buckets on the Bentley did Coupe shit's my new shit cause it's somethin you should know first Ya mixtape ain't shit if the shit ain't got a Joe verse [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] Me and you (We comin!) Yo' mama and yo' cou-sin too (It don't matter, we comin) That hoodrat bitch that's in love, with you (Don't matter, we comin!) We comin for 'em, you know what we do and why we do and how we do it (we comin!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gnarls Barkley f/ Joe Budden Album: Crazy CD Single Song: Crazy Remix Typed by: Link10JK@Aol.com [Joe Budden] Yo... you ever wake up feeling unusual? I mean, it's funny what a bad mood'll do I know some might say I'm not suitable or maybe I lost my mind, I'm delusional I mean, when I speak they act like they don't hear me.. When I'm in the streets, they don't wanna come near me I'm just a little different. Just a little weirdy When I'm in the hood, be just a little weary or maybe that's just how I was raised Trynna find me from ceaser to the grave Dropped outta school to be around apes You know I'd do whatever to be around papes Started gettin more green for kicks More jeans, more vicodins, some weed, a little morphine Just need to put my soul in the cleaners Please lord, forgive me. I'm on my own penis Am I crazy cuz I really mean this? Or are y'all stupid and I'm really a genius We don't think the same I'm like Josh Howard, I need timeout, but it'd cost the game Brave nigga, comin to age nigga Plus in my mind I'm bumpin Gravediggaz I'm jacked up and I'm tellin my boys The roof's spinnin around like Jamiroquai So if you lookin in and you look, the way things look It don't look like things are lookin up When I'm in the stew, I'm cookin up My heart's poundin, got chills, I'm shooken up I'm out of control... Basically a madman Trynna make board, I'm workin with a bad hand I'm stuck and I'm bleeding so there's really only one thing that I need to know.. [Cee-Lo] + (Joe Budden) Does that make me crazy? (Nahmean?) Does that make me crazy? (I don't really think I'm too crazy.. Ya know!) Does that make me crazy? (I don't think I'm too different from everybody else...) Probably... (Nah, maybe I am.) [Cee-Lo] And I hope that you are having the time of your life.. But think twice.. Thats my only advice.. Hmm... Come on now Who do you, who do you, who do you, who do you think you are? Ha ha ha! Bless your soul! You really think you're in control.. Well.. [Cee-Lo] Does that make me crazy? Does that make me crazy? Does that make me crazy? Just like me.. [Cee-Lo] My heros had the heart... to put their lives out on the limb.. And all I remember... is thinking I want to be like them.. Hmmm... Ever since I was little.. Ever since I was little it looked like fun.. And it's no coincidence I've come.. And I can die when I'm done.. [Cee-Lo] Maybe I'm crazy.. Maybe you're crazy.. Maybe we're crazy.. Probably... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Marques Houston f/ Joe Budden Album: Clubbin' 12'' Song: Clubbin' Typed by: singhcrips@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [R. Kelly] Wooh, Come on Its the Piper Marques [Chorus - Marques Houston] You know we be Up in the club Where we do things like Throw our hands up All kinds of drinks are Off in the cups All of my thugs Honies show me love DJ playin the cuts [Verse 1 - Marques Houston] I'm dancin with a nice honey And her friend One on the back and one on the front Shakin it up, shakin it up Mami dont break it Takin it down, taking it down I love the way you snake it You got the best of me Doing what you're doing Up in the VIP Doing what you're doing Girl I'm about to buy you anything you want Get you in the coup And take your pretty ass home Last call for alcohol You know how we do, yeah Joe Budden: You know we be up in the club like Joe Budden: You know we be up in the club like [Verse 2 - Marques Houston] I pull up on dubbs Hop up out the whip Then I'm into the club Honies on each side And I'm on my cellular Talking to this chick Got a taste for thugs Sometimes pimpin is tough White tees so fat Jacob on my wrist Super star, world wide It is what it is Threw a party at my crib Lasted after Till 6 in the morning Drinks and laughter Uh oh, uh oh Yeah its a fire Mamas getting naughty Got a sexy body like Uh oh, uh oh Being erotic, bout to wild this place out You know how we do it up in the club Joe Budden: You know we be up in the club like [Chorus - 2x] [Joe Budden] Mami, you wont holla I can spot you out the corner of your eye that tell you wanna ride You lookin at papi like uhhh Wanna hold hands No amp, no man, Joe can But you and your friend can both get rammed like uhh You's a private dancer Low riders, when she walk pulling her pants up It's all good baby You know where I'm at right In case you need be me come put it on your back side Only if you act right Damn it you doing it Doing what you're doing You're doing it to me I picture you doing it to me like uhh I only came out because i'm here to find ya After the bars last call Be at the nearest dinner We be next town taggin SL waggon You grabbin the whip Just off of that XL magnum Damn it you're doing it You and your friend Next weekend if you're lucky we can do it again Like uhhh [Chorus - 2x] [Marques singing] MH and Pied Piper This is the MH and pied piper [Marques talking:] MH, Pied Piper, Joe Budden, TUG, Platinum Status, Chris Stokes, I see you baby, Holla The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Da Advokids, Joe Budden, Lil' Shanice Album: What's the Word 12" Song: What's the Word (Remix) Typed by: webmaster@mattv.zzn.com * * send corrections to typist [Intro: Joe Budden] Jump off! The Remix Lil' Kim, Joe Budden Beehive, you see I.... [Verse One: Joe Budden] I'm on the grind, hit Harlem shake me (?) I ain't gotta problem lately, still see me hurting you rappers Low finger on the triggers, all my A-K work with the clappers Listen, anybody trynna rob me for jewels You must've seen that third story shit, you got me confused Go 'head, dukes keep laughin' dudes keep baffin' The only time I box in it, is in a new G-Wagon I ask niggaz to gimme that, had out album, but I want Biggie back Got against you and your faggot kid folk it's just me tearin' up the  disco It's all wrinkle gotta album that's better than your single It's real nigga, you frontin' your homie, you frontin' you phoney You know your boy gettin' done by the One and Only [Hook: Joe Budden] (Lil' Kim) (What's The Word?) He's up to new good y'all (What's The Word?) We keep it so good y'all (What's The Word?) Still movin' the herd (?) Still doin' the third [Verse Two: Lil' Shanice] You know me, Chanel popper boots, sweater to match A house by the lake with this cheddar from raps You see I need respect from the veteran cats They gotta understand I just won't settle for scraps And I'm hotter than I'm hot with a 5 and a 3 And a failure is not what I'm trying to be Uh! I got goals and I'm trying to suceed Understand I got people relying on me That's why I'm trynna be in it 'til it's over A notorious solider, when I'm older Shan is ?buying the sun? that's what I'm gonna do I got see y'all sweatin' every time I come through! [Hook: Lil' Shanice] (Lil' Kim) (What's The Word?) Shanice is what's poppin' (What's The Word?) I'm headin' to the top and (What's The Word?) When I get there I'm stayin' I do alot of jokin' but I'm not playin' [Verse Three: Da Advokids] Far from a role model, I pop and throw bottles Throw hollows out guns, got hoes in the nodels Love hoes that blow and swollow, knew my motto Live life like there's no tomorrow, my time is borrowed First time is borrowed, first shine is borrowed God knows, I got coke from Carlos Caught all them charges, they hyped up provido's The priest in courses in it, the plain close offices No stoppin' my Nacho's Minchaco And with the Roscoe, he pops slow No peace offer between beast in bosses Stay day dreamin' about palm trees and Porsches Blow bomb trees till I'm nauces Rubble air suits and air forces My hair braided gorgeous, from the pain and torchure Fame and the fortune, better think again (?) [Verse Four: Da Advokids] Now I can see why y'all on me You need nigga pop swift you can call on me Fuck, whoever gotta problem I ain't for the face This for homicide when they takin' the case Paper case, hustlin' from night till dawn It's Fourth of July everytime the mic is on I'm burnin' it up, kid gotta buzz on the street You playing yourself, swift suckin' your feet You the reason pigs is doin' twenty sweeps a week Any beef wit' Beehive and I'm twistin' the fifth Never pimp, know everyrule of break a bitch Shells die, look like I'm was jumping outta a cliff (Queen Bee!) Shorty told ya about +Money+ +Power+ +Respect+ And the guns that I can show, correct your step Bunkin' S to the A, just remember the name Matter fact, FUCK THAT, nigga take in your chain [Interlude: Lil' Kim] Aiiyo, who's hot and who's not, what's rap and what's not Whatever nigga I take yo' spot and yo' spot Move work from yo' block to yo' block The neighbour better keep their fuckin' do'r locked [Verse Five: Da Advokids] See we be on a track together it's flaming hot Got trucks custom made, to range a drop We need ta mantain cops and pay the bet We run the streets FUCK what the mayor says! Lotta niggas hate us like Star and Bun Cuz our pockets hold cash like Armour trucks And the arms is tucked, you better back it up Hold your nose, and your face and that be done This is our year, our game, I shine We shine, what's our name Advokids Go against the fam' and I gotta split your wig Treat you like a resta rhyme and spare your ribs [Verse Six: Da Advokids] See I break niggas heads like canaelopes Put holes in your body like vans and cokes Ya niggas broke, y'all hardly paid And I make ya arms hot like my holiday Niggas mad cuz I take their bitch, then break the bitch Make 'em "Roll Out" like I'm Ludacris Chill dawgs, you don't want the parts of me I break their bones you not a thug in harmony You now see Lil' Kim, you ass ain't safer Put the gun to yo' grill and relax your face This haters wanna smoke me nigga Cuz when they see the (?) face it's stiff like Tropheys nigga I spit bars that's hotter than hell And the kids trynna kick more chips than Taco Bell Beat niggas like guards in jail So when ya mom see ya on a box it'll be hard to tell And I sum niggas like ?guargimail? Since you gotta dirty mouth I'mma make you guard the shells, uh! [Interlude: Lil' Kim] I'm the shit, I'm the bread winner! Who's the bitch? I'm the big spinner I'm give 'em a taste they still want more Words on the street is I'm who they waitin' for [Hook: Lil' Kim] (What's The Word?) She at it again (What's The Word?) She in it to win (What's The Word?) She's back and she's stayin' (What's The Word?) The bitch ain't playin'! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ludacris f/ Claret Jai, Slaughterhouse Album: Fast Five soundtrack Song: F5 (Furiously Dangerous) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Claret Jai] We're so furiously dangerous Fur-fur-furiously dangerous We're so furiously dangerous Fu-fu-fur-furiously dangerous Fur-fur-fur.. [Ludacris] L-L-L-Luda! L-l-l-listen Death by lyrical injection, I'll KILL you rappers A lot of green with a yellow complexion, women call me the Green Bay Packer (Woo!) I pack the zeroes, meanin mucho dinero So paid, rappers is waitin on trades and they all get +Knicked+ like Melo Hello! Luda! Tell these other boys double up Cause I got some work all on my waist but I call it a tummy tuck My every record's jumpin, or playin double dutch I SHIT on rappers, every verse just got the bubble guts! [Joe Budden] Let me tell this to the people not understandin my moxy Animal watch me, if you think it's tangible stop me But then I hit 'em with a flow that they can't even copy See we don't play that where I'm from it's like fantasy hockey Sup wit a dog, thugs want a war Bad gene, what you wanna trade slugs with him for? While you cuffin 'em all, I'm stuffin the jaw Illegal for you read my kind of love on the board Dawg, you and your skill versus hard parts from our squad I'll put you on a crash course in a Smart car Mach speed and not relyin on a brake pad in a car you usually drive on a racetrack So the lines 'bout your Phantoms and your Maybachs are ghost tales for the phantoms, face facts We ruin hip-hop, Slaughterhouse and payback In the shape of the tat', now you done faded to black GO! [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Claret Jai) I went from eatin Top Ramen to bein top rhymer Check full of commas No regrets except for the drama I remember a time where my only perfection was my momma My mind a long erection, now it's time ya bow down and erect a monu-ment in my honor Cause bitch I'm bonker, plural In a whip with my Ivanka, pompous girl She on E feelin on me singin on-key while I'm bumpin "We Are the World" Got a sniff from Britney, no he didn't did he? (We run this town!) No we didn't, Diddy I feel like tiltin the glass, you take a sip with me She from the city of Jackson, I call her Mississippi That was pretty witty Your man like a black man tryin to get re-elected, he ain't get it did he? [Joell Ortiz] Uhh, Timberland to the pedal, pedal to the floor Just whippin it through the ghetto, metal in the door case I gotta throw some lead into ya boy Referee mindstate {*whistle blows*} I'm settlin the score I don't know what y'all hatin for Wait, wait, know what? Matter fact I don't know what y'all waitin for I ain't finna say nothin, turn the bass up more 'til the speakers pop I get a kick out of that like a sneaker spot See I was a lil' kid with his thumbs in his ears and a tongue in the air goin (na-na-na-nyah-nyah) just when you think it stop (na-na-na-nyah-nyah-nyah) Everything I speak is hot But don't be mad, at least everything you speak is... I can't think of nothin nice to say You're not nice, okay? [Crooked I] Rapper, hustler, entrepreneur My shit fly like I'm launchin manure Lord of the underground, God of the sewer On Hennessy Black, all kind to the jawwww Yeah, I'm off the block This ain't work homie I'm off the clock I'm a syllable, Hannibal killer, a cannibal with a mechanical mandible to deliver the flammable ammo Lyrical animal off the top Rep that West 'til I walk with 'Pac We the +2.0 Boys+ with Crooked, Joe, Royce New gold Rolls Royce pull off the lot Pop me the only way you can stop me I'm top seed, I clock green at Mach speed So watch me if you haven't seen the phenomenon I spit fast as Lamborghini's in Ramadan [Claret Jai] I suggest, you shut it down Pack your ish, and turn around Because tonight, we run this town So let your feet, still swiftly hit the ground [Ludacris] We too dangerous for the world! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jennifer Lopez f/ Joe Budden Album: This Is Me... Then Song: The One (Remix) Typed by: birdroadpimp13@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Joe Budden - Intro] (J.Lo) (You don't do love, you do love, Joey do love) Jenny, ha-ha we gon' do it like [J. Lo] Take it away, the fact that I can't without you It's just your way, so sweet everything seems right around you Did you know, that you, have this common way about you when you touch? And I wanna know if I could your giirrllll... [Chorus - Jennifer Lopez] (Repeat 4x) You're everything, and everything is you [J. Lo] I'm happy to say in alot of ways you changed me makes me smart When you said you were glad the day you found me I picture the way any home if I never found you never know I really feel all of it's real [Joe Budden] Look haters is not good Joey's lucky it's how she trusts me, it's how she touch me It's how she Uhhh Look at how she love me do that ma Bottom line, I'm that guy and you that flaca (Uhhh) My baby make the haters all notice (What else?) My baby get the haters more mo' Joey so focused nothing I lack now (WHOA!) Stop playin' Jen bring it back now (Let's go) [J.Lo - Bridge] The one who puts her arms around you The one who lays her head beside you The one who listens when you need it When no one else is I just is The one who knows when something's wrong The one who knows your favorite song The one who all your friends love And your personal one to hug [J.Lo] (Joe Budden) The one to turn to you, and down for you The one who makes you smile and laughs with you The one to hold you down I'm there for you The one, the one, the one The one to turn to you, and down for you The one who makes you smile and laughs with you The one to hold you down I'm there for you The one, the one, the one The one to turn to you, the one who makes you smile Need to be your giirrll... The one, the one, the one Your girrrllllll.. The one to turn to you, the one who makes you smile Your girrrllllll.. The one who holds you down The one, the one, the one I can be anything you need (We gon' do it like, do it like rock with you oh!) (Dubb, the banger ONE!) Artist: Christina Milian f/ Joe Budden Album:  It's About Time Song:   L.O.V.E. Typed by: e-squared817@comcast.net Ohhhhh oh oh oooh Joe: OH!...Joey...Christina We Gonna Take It To The 80's I'ma Hold You Down Though Joe Budden: Look You tired of the same old Chit-Chat,lame sto's Mami's frame loc' Make dudes chain smoke We can do thangs slow As if you ain't know All real Them other dudes ain't joe They'll put you in canaries temporarily But you know they can't compare to me Can't come close Pop cham', one toast Til I'm on my knees With ya hand up froze Now why you acting like you can't come close, ma? Christina Milian: Things about to change I won't just give my heart away Cause when I do It's gonna be forever You're blowin' my mind So this might be the last time I fall in L-O-V-E forever I don't need love If love is gonna hurt me No need for trust If trust just keeps me cryin' I think you can see You can see that I'm not playin' I'm not the way I used to be Understand just what I'm sayin' Things about to change I won't just give my heart away (give) Cause when I do It's gonna be forever (it's gonna be) You're blowin' my mind (you're blowin' my mind) So this might be the last time (so this might be) I fall in L-O-V-E forever (L-O-V-E) I've come a long way You can say I've learned some lessons To never wear my heart upon my sleeve And always keep on guessin' But it's hard not to be naive Cause you're sayin' all the right things And I won't fall for words So this time you gotta show me Things about to change (oh wooh oh) I won't just give my heart away Cause when I do (cause when I do) It's gonna be forever (fooorever) You're blowin' my mind So this might be the last time (laaast time) I fall in L-O-V-E forever Oh Things about to change (things about to change) I won't just give my heart away (oooh oh) Cause when I do It's gonna be forever (forever) You're blowin' my mind So this might be the last time (this might be) I fall in L-O-V-E forever Understand that I (understand that I) I don't know what to do (don't know what to do) It's happening again (Aaahh ah) I got that old feelin' again But before I give in [Joe Budden] Understand me Now we both grown Both done with the practice round Watch me prove to be different from your average clown It's safe, go ahead baby put the baggage down I ain't tryin' to bend you over Just tryin' to win you over Take out, chin-chin' on the sofa Relax a little Maybe then get closer Feel like I feel Relate to joe beasy You make being in L-O-V-E so easy Pushin' me up some Like fargo easy Ma, don't believe me Trust and come see about it We one the same page babygirl We about it Enough with the talk game boo Let me be about it Things about to change I won't just give my heart away Cause when I do (it's gonna be) It's gonna be forever You're blowin' my mind (you're blowin' my mind) So this might be the last time (oh wooh oh) I fall in L-O-V-E forever (L-O-V-E) Things about to change (things about to change) I won't just give my heart away Cause when I do It's gonna be forever (na na na na na na na) You're blowin 'my mind So this might be the last time (oooh ouuh) I fall in L-O-V-E forever (L-O-V-E forever) Oh wooh oh... You're blowin' my mind so this might be... L-O-V-E forever Oh wooh oh... You're blowin' my mind so this might be... L-O-V-E forever Oh wooh oh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Christina Milian f/ Joe Budden Album:  It's About Time Song:   Whatever U Want Typed by: e-squared817@comcast.net [Joe Budden] Once again it's on And we gonna ride out Once again till dawn Cut the lights out Once again till morn Keep the lights out Till the end of the song [Christina] You're feelin' me And it's got you all fired up Tryin' to walk away 'cause you don't want your heart tied up [Bridge] But I can feel the proof when you're holdin' me Like to let you think you're controllin' me Even thought that ain't the deal When I want I take the wheel, and I know Can't hide that you're really into me Hold is so tight I can barely breathe 'cause you know I keep it real Giving you what you can feel [Hook] Whatever you want I got it Whatever you need that's me Feelin' the flow, don't stop it Whatever you need I'll be Whatever you want I got it Whatever you need that's me Feelin' the flow, don't stop it Whatever you need I'll be [Christina] You're frontin' like You don't want no one to know But it's in your eyes That you don't want me to go [Bridge] [Hook] [Joe] We're gonna get it started, OK Now go get the party jumpin' like me Who crunk it like me Lotta of guys here but none is like me Though some could try to be With two or three chains up under the white tee And I got two or three dames that's comin' tonight See 'em, done tonight leave Like one, aight peace Only Mike puts up numbers like these And he's no longer playing But neither am I, so What I'm saying is hop in the deuce seater with I 'cause you know with them boots And that beater you fly Other dudes act to cheap with the pie Won't drop a few pennies Or cop you a guinea, but I'll cop you as many Toast till the bottles all empty Like pardon the Bravado in me Us two that's a plan somehow Get to know each other later Let's dance for now, c'mon [Hook x2] Whatever you want I got it Whatever you need that's me Whatever you want I got it Whatever you need that... that's me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nino Bless f/ Jay Life, Joe Budden Album: Untold Scriptures Song: Times Are Hard Typed by: mmgcontact@gmail.com (verse) Nino Bless Situations arise I gotta stay focused I know this can't walk with a chip on a shoulder like somebody owe us shorty strapped with a 45th in this land of soldiers its either that or forfeit his manhood to the vultures & mami's in the room screaming .. "Ay carrajo ese Guliani un diablo" but I ain't understand that shit til they threw forty hollow tips at Diallo wut followed, a blatent fix in the midst of satin's shadow my fate, like the first time I was given a gun in the wrong hands, thats a fact when you live in the slums drive by's, hit and runs, a child dies too often niggaz killing for funds cuz they grew up with poor sense but when you poor cents is hard to come by liquor's still poured when sombody's son died and it rains while we cry for god thats no response when when {times r hard} (Hook) Jay Life But its cool and I won't let that bother me cause this what I'm goin do ain't no time for losing gotta keep it moving {times are hard} ain't nothing change, if all my kid's gonna be the same death is the only gurantee, gotta keep moving ain't not time for losing (verse) Jay Life Momma said what I'm working for to prepare for a future that won't exist and gods got his planning and he's watchin me and i believe but its like she don't realize {times are hard} and everytime I try and tell her that we ain't gotta live like this she opens up the bible and tells me that, we living in the last days and thats why (times are hard) and its like that I ain't trying to pay her no mind but when these bills are due this robber money don't line up with what the bills do and what the bills so is contantly remind you that (times are hard) and I got one shot to try and make something out of nothing so when I work you can feel it, you can hear it you can understand that times are hard (Hook repeat) (verse) Joe Budden Look, I don't smoke stoges like i used to I been in the hood with the coke users O movers, dope abusers, cats that stole, boosters those shooters that load rugers, tote lugers hope here's useless, most losers just don't wanna juice us face-to-face with them won't see nothing worse to be a has-been, you gotta be something first they tell me time flies when you're having fun but tends to drag when your having none get to grabbing a gun , jacking for funds, bags and a blunt or continue to pray to Christ until the passion comes I'm just bobbing and weaving with my back on the wall come from where I come from and you adapt to the war I'm just a product of the environment that I am in where water's not vitamin, underdog trying to win (cheeeea) (hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Joe Budden Album: A Son Unique Song: Danger Zone Typed by: Cno Evil [Chorus: girl (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone In the danger zone, in the danger zone (Say what? Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone In the danger zone, in the danger zone) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] From coke to PCP, from Marie to Penelope I'mma smoke this cocaine, like white boys smoke trees Can I get that G, autograph me I feel like a reside', how people run up on me Pussy is powerful, it feels wonderful It got me worshipful, money is plentiful Niggas is full, and plus your bored Any girl I pull is too wall for war Power plug on, pussy turned on I rocked it on, rap colored thong Weight, I put on, strong like protons I polly, then I'm gone, my style carries on It's my party, holdin' too much hotty Go and dance, and it's a robbery, actin' all snobbery Real name: Moses, I pantyhose it To all my hoes, industry, I sow's this [Joe Budden] Where the aluminum bats, and get welts And niggas wear ratchets in they belts Nah, niggas wear ratchets like belts Nah, it ain't good, but if you say the wrong thing In my hood, might as well, say the casket just fell Collapse from that smell, he dodgin' po-po Niggas wanna act like they mafioso All they see is me, when I spark the four-four With a red dot, bigger than the Target logo Dudes be superhuman, on some X-Men shit With fast ways, you the only dead man to live So act tough, til he see his best man give Now he pro-black, on some X-Clan shit For realer, I ain't a killer, but don't push me Revenge ain't sweet, when a muthafucka pussy So get loud, get piped, get drunk, get live Get tough, get hype, go ahead, get smacked, nigga [Chorus 1.5X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joell Ortiz f/ Joe Budden Album: Move On 12" Song: Move On Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Joell Ortiz] YAOWA! What's up my nigga? You say your name is John? Joell Ortiz Yeah yeah I know, I'm familiar with the interview shit I know what you gon' ask I got you, don't even stress it No I don't respond with answers that fit a script So the repetition'll make a nigga flip We in the game of smoke and mirrors, those engineerin a bigger spliff blowin circles out they mouth, gettin praised but the shit'll shift I never lived a myth, if I said it I did it Never alleged, word to dead I gripped a fifth (boom!) I made my housing tenement a strip, movin medicine and nicks When I seen 'em comin I jetted from them pricks (ohh!) And still to this day though she clean I wish my mommy never sniffed But the hurt is makin me better with this gift (look) I'm live with this ink you could, die in a blink and Y'all got the nerve to ask me why do I drink and Motherfucker sometimes I cry when I think and Y'all ain't there when them tears bein dried by the sink (damn) It was cold in the winter, my community centers who gave me dinner I ain't mind, my table chairs gave me splinters (haha!) Set up to be loser but was made to be a winner (look) If they paint hip-hop I bet my face be in the picture If they wrote a rap bible bet my name be in the scriptures If shorty say I'm her idol bet her face be in my zipper (woo!) I came a long way from the staples in my scrilla Stains on my pants, hardly had a gut The ladies ain't wanna dance so house parties would suck All my friends on the wall, I'm in the hall with a couple Nah I ain't complainin, just tellin y'all what it is So if y'all goin through it now just know that another kid made somethin outta nothin, well I'm frontin, I was never nothin Older ladies used to tell my mother "Ain't he somethin?" (oww) I look at a lot of you cats and laugh Cause I'm the shit man, and y'all ain't even passin gas When I spit I'm the definition of mastered craft And all y'all ask about is Aftermath – motherfucker move on! Move on... Move on... Move on... [Joe Budden] L-look, look; I gotta give my own interview Since niggaz that do my interviews focus on whatever's miniscule (like!) Or paint me as a cynical, but the canvas'll limit you (dawg) You can't go beyond what there's no limit to If I think hip-hop is dead I think it's being revived And that comes from me being inside Where the demons get by, see 'em good-bye, if I'm vehement here's why Come from hearin it seein ve-nom-ous lies (oh!) So the beast in me cries, cause when it's all you hear Shit can overbear, just when the obey near And so I try to think straight cause when you stare in the rear Rest in peace Stewart Shakir, nigga yeah! I'm on another label, not that other label That mean it's no longer my problem, it's theirs Some say it's a conspirac' I say if e'rybody's on the throne, that's just more motive to kill the heir Ask me 'bout "Pump it Up" and I'ma think you SHEEP Or you must not know I'm DEEP! I'm so off of music so y'all could SoundScan every week Me? I just got my lil' man every week Jersey City loves me despite y'all beliefs (why?) Cause they was baby steppin, I showed 'em how to leap (ohh!) Ask me about swag - I'ma change the topic to lyrics  and then brag, plus look at you like a fag I love e'rybody, don't ask 'bout who I beefed with They burned the bridge but they was standin underneath it I'm on my grind, Benjamin huntin Was old since I was young, call me Benjamin Button And stop usin slang just for you to be cool Cause I go BACK to when it was cool to be you I'm a hero (nah) No I mean I'm Hiro from "Heroes," y'all chase zeroes Muh'fucker I just got finished hatin ME feelin like a zero They played DeNiro, never been there though So before your next thought, understand Know it's MUCH more to me than the man Either that or move on Yeah, move on Keep out trouble (ya mean?) Good around here Muh'fucker move on Don't ask me 'bout no old shit No choice, either that, or you could move on It's, it's (mic check one-two one-two) J to the O! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joell Ortiz f/ Crooked I, Joe Budden, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Move On 12" Song: Move On (Slaughterhouse Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Joell Ortiz] YAOWA! What's up my nigga? You say your name is John? Joell Ortiz Yeah yeah I know, I'm familiar with the interview shit I know what you gon' ask I got you, don't even stress it No I don't respond with answers that fit a script So the repetition'll make a nigga flip We in the game of smoke and mirrors, those engineerin a bigger spliff blowin circles out they mouth, gettin praised but the shit'll shift I never lived a myth, if I said it I did it Never alleged, word to dead I gripped a fifth (boom!) I made my housing tenement a strip, movin medicine and nicks When I seen 'em comin I jetted from them pricks (ohh!) And still to this day though she clean I wish my mommy never sniffed But the hurt is makin me better with this gift (look) I'm live with this ink you could, die in a blink and Y'all got the nerve to ask me why do I drink and Motherfucker sometimes I cry when I think and Y'all ain't there when them tears bein dried by the sink (damn) It was cold in the winter, my community centers who gave me dinner I ain't mind, my table chairs gave me splinters (haha!) Set up to be loser but was made to be a winner (look) If they paint hip-hop I bet my face be in the picture If they wrote a rap bible bet my name be in the scriptures If shorty say I'm her idol bet her face be in my zipper (woo!) I came a long way from the staples in my scrilla Stains on my pants, hardly had a gut The ladies ain't wanna dance so house parties would suck All my friends on the wall, I'm in the hall with a couple Nah I ain't complainin, just tellin y'all what it is So if y'all goin through it now just know that another kid made somethin outta nothin, well I'm frontin, I was never nothin Older ladies used to tell my mother "Ain't he somethin?" (oww) I look at a lot of you cats and laugh Cause I'm the shit man, and y'all ain't even passin gas When I spit I'm the definition of mastered craft And all y'all ask about is Aftermath – motherfucker move on! Move on... Move on... Move on... [Joe Budden] L-look, look; I gotta give my own interview Since niggaz that do my interviews focus on whatever's miniscule (like!) Or paint me as a cynical, but the canvas'll limit you (dawg) You can't go beyond what there's no limit to If I think hip-hop is dead I think it's being revived And that comes from me being inside Where the demons get by, see 'em good-bye, if I'm vehement here's why Come from hearin it seein ve-nom-ous lies (oh!) So the beast in me cries, cause when it's all you hear Shit can overbear, just when the obey near And so I try to think straight cause when you stare in the rear Rest in peace Stewart Shakir, nigga yeah! I'm on another label, not that other label That mean it's no longer my problem, it's theirs Some say it's a conspirac' I say if e'rybody's on the throne, that's just more motive to kill the heir Ask me 'bout "Pump it Up" and I'ma think you SHEEP Or you must not know I'm DEEP! I'm so off of music so y'all could SoundScan every week Me? I just got my lil' man every week Jersey City loves me despite y'all beliefs (why?) Cause they was baby steppin, I showed 'em how to leap (ohh!) Ask me about swag - I'ma change the topic to lyrics  and then brag, plus look at you like a fag I love e'rybody, don't ask 'bout who I beefed with They burned the bridge but they was standin underneath it I'm on my grind, Benjamin huntin Was old since I was young, call me Benjamin Button And stop usin slang just for you to be cool Cause I go BACK to when it was cool to be you I'm a hero (nah) No I mean I'm Hiro from "Heroes," y'all chase zeroes Muh'fucker I just got finished hatin ME feelin like a zero They played DeNiro, never been there though So before your next thought, understand Know it's MUCH more to me than the man Either that or move on Yeah, move on Keep out trouble (ya mean?) Good around here Muh'fucker move on Don't ask me 'bout no old shit No choice, either that, or you could move on [Royce Da 5'9"] It's, it's Nickel My rhyme's reflection of Scarface and Preme's soul Before Jordan was wearin fo'-five, I just look like this, I just seem old But I had to bleed the blood of a Dirty motherfucker to suffer clean clothes and touch what a king holds The real estate market is harsh, everything goes from foes to who you was doin everything fo' But I cut 'em off and move on to the new checks New friends chasin my new ends with new threats Watchin my dreams fold, like a stack of bills in the pocket of who ain't tryin to push up daffodils But we the supergroup You couldn't handle this shit if you was standin before us carryin a pooper-scoop You dealt with shady shit? I dealt with Shady shit But I'm the only one can truly say I dealt with Shady's shit (that's me!) I mean that with all respect to Paul and Sheck But Ryan and Marshall is all you get (that's it) My flow's superb, I love Paulie Rosenberg What I say in a track, those just words (woo!) Baby boy forgive me, I'm just street Cause I can change into anything niggaz want me to be like Mystique I don't gotta dig deep To realize Slim bought Big Proof a big jeep Because he deserved it; how can I mourn the same way Shady did over him when he knew him when he attended Osbourne? (yes!) Marshall I'm sorry (sorry) I knew it went left (left) I ain't into fuckin my family like incest If you remember Ice used to be my life's interest Tell Hailie my wife just had a princess Since I made up with Em it's nothin else  that I can move on from, so who wants some? Like a jar of Grey Poupon You gotta ask anybody in any car, one of them move on You gotta quit askin about a nigga! I'm tired of this shit (nigga move on) Just like the rest of the Slaughterhouse is tired of this shit Shut the fuck up - woo! (motherfucker move on) Royce Da 5'9" don't give a fuck, about none of that shit! Yeah (tryin to stop niggaz, move on) We just tryin to make this money motherfucker It's, it's.. woo! [Crooked I] Yeah, yeah; When fans picture my interviews They think I'm in a swimmin pool with women who been abused So they turn into strippers makin they livin in the nude One in the middle blowin my inner tube, while the interviewer's gettin ridiculed Is this your vision? Cool; let me give you a little jewel Any dude who wanna sit in my tennis shoes is missin SCREWS Don't get it misconstrued, don't get this shit confused I'm two seconds from prison food, I'm a different dude! Pistol in my reach man, still in Long Beach man Hopin if my grind don't help me get out, my speech can I been in the streets longer than Yao Ming's wingspan You can be MTV, I'll be C-SPAN I deal with politics, bandannas and hollow tips Half you rappers follow this, role models can swallow DICK! Was stressed out over cash flow Hip-Hop used to console my soul, now it's a bunch of assholes Rap about a dance while I'm targetin cops Spit some shit for Oscar Grant, hit the sergeant with shots Make him a +Ghost+ like he part of The Lox I won't stop recordin, 'til I'm makin songs harder than 'Pac's If it don't happen, at least a nigga know he right there (I'm right there!) Every memory under my Dodger hat's a nightmare! As a kid I had to steal breakfast And now the best question you have to ask me, "Is this a real necklace? Where's your beat from Dre? Your feature from Cube?" These things leave people confused Cause they know I leave speakers abused, I eat the EQs I eat through the beat, what's the secret? I think it's the SHOES! Back in Cali niggaz blaze and stress Waitin on "Detox" to save the West, ha ha Even if the shit is dope it ain't givin you niggaz hope unless your signature's wrote on a check from Interscope – NOPE! Move on, move on West, Coast, knahmean? West Coast move on And all that shit in the past about me bein on Death Row? Move on, or get moved on Ha ha, SLAUGHTERHOUSE! Biatch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Slaughterhouse Album: The Bar Exam 3: The Most Interesting Man Song: Beamer, Benz, or Bentley (Shady MegaMix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Joe Budden] New York, Jersey, Philly; New York, Jersey, Philly New York, Jersey, Philly - you know I keep it filthy Out in New York, Jersey, Philly; New York, Jersey, Philly New York, Jersey, Philly - check it Rockin spikes and a beater, beside me a diva I'm hearin all the talk of how you ride with a heater Make sure I don't survive but when I see ya You +Sleep With a Broke Heart+, like you went and took advice from Alicia Tell me if you really wanna take it there Best in the world if you ain't remained aware Latest gear, love nope, hate it yeah You and your scared style'll get aired out, start stop and stare now Change the truck's grille, yeah the car got veneers now Lot of rappers spittin shit, I don't wan' hear now They talkin Gucci but they shoppin at Sears now If you weren't prepared now, you ain't get the warnin yet So I'ma go hard early, call it mornin sex New York, Jersey, Philly; New York, Jersey, Philly New York, Jersey, Philly; tinted up, rims silly If a nigga try and kill me, chalk it up as the brother whylin Your mind playin tricks on you, get off Shutter Island Showin you somethin you never would see, I'm gettin checks every week You tryin to meet your executive needs, I'm in executive suites consecutively Somebody had to body ya, guess the job was left to me So when I kill the track they can't charge me with double jeopardy They asked you if I'm a boss and you say "No sir" How you don't concur? My gopher got a chauffeur Standin on the couch in the club with a nympho Reppin Slaughterhouse, see the blood on the window I try and get wealthy, bein broke gettin healthy So I ain't tryin to buy whatever shit they try and sell me Got a broad up in the telly I could trust her what you tell me Still bringin +Lunatics+ with me, yeah I learned that trick from Nelly Cause I know that it get urgent, when they see you just splurgin Strip club, in the private room tryin to fix the curtains Wanna cause a big excursion, run up on the kid squirtin Make sure the mac ain't broke and you ain't buy the Knicks version Out in New York, Jersey, Philly; New York, Jersey, Philly [Joell Ortiz] Nissan, Honda, Chevy - my stash is never empty baby Nissan, Honda, Chevy; Nissan, Honda, Chevy Nissan, Honda, Chevy - th-the D's will never get me In my hoopty I be swervin, the public's who I'm servin Boost phone forever chirpin, I'll be out there puttin work in Know them dirty boys lurkin, if they nab me then it's curtains So when I'll go see a person I spin the blocks so I'm certain that it's cool, I'm no fool, see Raul is more than reckless So I meet him when it's busy at that Meek or Morgan exit Off that BQ, B-B-B-B-B-B-BQE near Mickey-D's And occasionally treat myself to a nice little fish and cheese I'm really really in the street, bein broke's my enemy Teachers said I'm dumb but I dropped out and I know chemistry I make that soft get hard And meet my homie Pito in the parkin lot of Home Depot off Northen Boulevard I got my route down packed, I'm about my stacks And my mouth don't chat, I let my bout-bout clap But I ain't with that though, I'm tryin to get that dough (yaowa) Beamer, Benz or Bentley? Oh no, I stay low In that Nissan, Honda, Chevy; Nissan, Honda, Chevy [Royce Da 5'9"] Pistol clip and pistol - that's all I rap about It's my pistol clip and pistol, pistol clip and pistol Pistol clip and pistol - that's all I rap about bitch My dick is like a missile, my pistol's in my pants But my dick is hangin lower than my pistol clip and pistol bitch Now we talkin 'bout my dick, you know yo' shit big when your bitch give you head and her mouth is only 'round the top of it Now let's talk about my pistol clip If the gun is playin music than the pistol clip's the instrument The soldier holdin onto the fo'-fo's composin The drummer's BRRRRRRRRRRRR, 7-6-2's explodin I'm about to stop talkin 'bout my dick, pistol and my pistol clip Dick, pistol, pistol clip, bitch, I'm a hypocrit If you say, fuck the world that mean that I'm literally tryin to put my big, big dick in it My, pistol clip, pistol whistlin {*whistling to the beat*} ... I hope you listenin Pistol clip, pistol big dick, now your bitch is interested I'm 'bout to enter it and injure it I am not indirect, I am so motherfuckin BLUNT Pistol clip, pistol dick, BITCH! I'm sayin - you like, "Oh my God, get that gun out of my face" It's not in yo' face, it's in my hand Pistol clip and pistol [Crooked I] Tequila, vodka, Henny Tequila, vodka, Henny - that liquor fuckin with me It's tequila, vodka, Henny; tequila, vodka, Henny Tequila, vodka, Henny - that liquor fuckin with me Yeah I'm nickels dimes and pennies, I'm dollars fives and twenties And I'm twenties fifties Benji's; buy Beamers, Benz and Bentleys Buy bullets, guns and semis; buy Louie, Gucci, Fendi Fuck Wendy's, Mickie's, Denny's; I'm Morton's, Chow's and Benny's With Keisha, Tasha, Kimmy, Felicia, Shauna, Cindy Jameeka, Dawn and Jenny, Tamika, Rhonda, Nikki They from New York, Jersey, Philly on tequila, vodka, Henny Patrón, Cîroc and Remy, some weed, shrooms and pilly's Now we loco, loony, silly; fuck they mouth, box and titty {"Umm, she is licking the shaft of the penis."} That's brains, breast and kitty, while I'm drunk, fried and tipsy While I'm twisted high and dizzy, pussy juicy hot and pretty Gushy, gooey, sticky, gushy, gooey, sticky Bitch I'm Eazy, 'Pac and Biggie off tequila, vodka, Henny Spit like Wayne, 'Ye and Drizzy mixed with Em, Jay and 50 In my Nissan, Honda, Chevy, my pistol clip and pistol grip Rappers got a bigger buzz, bitch I got a bigger dick That was my Royce line I'm on my Cali, Brooklyn, Jersey and Detroit time (Slaughterhouse) Them boys grind We goin past the top, so Mount Everest won't cut it You low budget, we 'bout to go public Tequila, vodka, Henny; tequila, vodka, Henny Tequila, vodka, Henny - that liquor fuckin with me It's tequila, vodka, Henny; tequila, vodka, Henny Tequila, vodka, Henny - that liquor fuckin with me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Joe Budden, Mr. Porter Album: Success Is Certain Song: My Own Planet (Album Version) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh, right off the rip nobody could fuck with me I'm out of space, mind and body, my soul and so on (so on) Mami I'm fly is an understatement Come to greatness [Chorus: Mr. Porter - singing] I'm on my own planet, I'll do my own thing Then turn around and pat myself on the back, for doin good I don't need nobody else, I'm gon' do it by myself Say what you wanna say but stick to the facts, it's all good It's all good [Royce Da 5'9"] Right off the rip nobody is quite like me You gon' need a NASA spacecraft to sight me If you don't like me bite me I could give a fuck-less, fightin excites me Leanin on the moon with a Patrón fifth playin my own shit And I sound terrific I'm not cocky, I'm beyond that It's time to start another hobby, I'm beyond rap Run and tell your baby daddy and your son Ray I'm hot, I sunbathe on the sun babe I'm the one on the one-way Head from pretty long legs from the runway My nigga Notty is a genius You gon' need a ladder just to climb on my penis Got two words for the rap game Fuck y'all! [Royce Da 5'9"] Right off the rip you thought it was a wrap for me Didn't you? Go on 'head and admit it hater Cold as ice, I'm a livin refrigerator The reason hip-hop's breathin the defibrillator I did a bid just for drunk drivin It never happen again cause now I'm drunk flyin I'm a innovator When I say I'm on Venus I don't mean that I'm datin the tennis player I'm on Saturn where you don't matter Alone, I'm past the zone where your phone scatters (Hello?) Can you hear me now? You don't got a fuckin choice I elbowed my way into e'rybody conversations with rhymin, timin and patience, now I'm in space bitch I used to have to be on some "watch what I say" shit But now you gotta TAKE IT! [Joe Budden] They, say a closed mouth don't get fed I say a closed mouth don't give head On the flipside know a closed fist don't get bread And if you swing it then you gon' get lead Bars put him in a panic, got him all frantic Overlook my antics, see that I'm a throwback, hip-hop's Stan Smith But it lessen my love Cause the so-called rulers, ain't quite measurin up Now let me give the chicks a message Bitter exes'll tell you that the dick is precious Three words: "Get over it" And if you speak mine mention I could trip over it Low-key like my name too big for the bill Betty White style, get it in, STILL Plus I'm on a high you can't fit in the pill But I'll try anyway, we gon' die anyway Ya heard? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Bun B, Slaughterhouse Album: The Bar Exam 3: The Most Interesting Man Song: Nobody Fucking With Us Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Bun B] Let's get it started like transmission and alternators Got the keys in the cage ready for who you call the greatest Takin 'em down from the biggest bitches to smallest haters I'm 'bout to serve these niggaz, call 'em waiters Got my mind right, money right, ready for war And I got the C4, under my competitor's car These niggaz runnin 'round talkin 'bout they better than moi When I'm done all that's gon' be left bitch is ya head and ya bra Bitch I'm ahead of the pack, and I'm ahead of the game And I put yo' head on a platter you put some shit on my name Bitch I'm the shit, see the stains that I done left on the track? And I ain't sayin no names but I left the best on they back And they ain't sayin no names so I gotta say it myself I'm finger fuckin this game so you gotta play with yourself Don't pull a K off the shelf, or pull a strap out the stash I ain't gotta draw the pistol, I will chop at yo' ass I just let the hands of God toe-tap on you fast Leave you mashed like potatoes on the top of the grass Call the coppers to catch me and they'll just tell you to drop it I'll find you sooner or later, and they can't do shit to stop it Got that thang and I'ma pop it like a bubble on the double I am trouble in the flesh, you can't see me with the Hubble We ain't wishin these niggaz good luck, go get a clover This Bun B, it's "B.E. 3," this shit is over [Crooked I] SLAUGHTERHOUUUUUSE! (Whoo, Kiiiiiiiid!) [Joe Budden] Look at ya man look back at me, yeah I know, sickenin huh? Few got a Porsche with only two doors, need to upgrade cause you missin some We just got two different bills, different styles, different sums Started as a drive-by, ended as a hit-and-run Stop me in the streets, let it be properly when you greet Fuck lookin for me, I'm on your property if it's beef Not for robbery of ya piece, it's lobomomy with my peeps That comraderie is usually sodomy for the beat 'Less my critics put a lens on them, so I could look through it Shut the fuck up, probably mean that you too shook to do it We'd see two pennies to your name, yet you so saucy When I fix this game you can +Thank Me Later+ for it, no Aubrey Switch my demeanor up I'm, off my 380 shit My, future's bright, stars is by my head, baby shit Make me sick, what you eat don't make me shit Found out the reason they hate me is my God-like presence, must be athiest While all of the frauds in rap is talkin swag put a fork in that Slaughter's back, listen nigga I got houses all across the map Even got a Boston pad, got this bitch from Boston bad Well put her in a wrestlin move, but I heard she got that +Boston Crab+ Batteries in your back, go by what he say Just need you to know that it's no lee-way, and the tables are turned, go DJ So you know what that blindfold's for That bloodshed's a secret, let's keep it behind closed doors [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] Who you said was dope again? Ay, it ain't nobody fuckin with us, nobody fuckin with us Who you said was hot again? Ay ay, it ain't nobody fuckin with us, nobody fuckin with us Who you say could spit again? Ay, it ain't nobody fuckin with us, nobody fuckin with us Who you say was dope again? Ay ay, it ain't nobody fuckin with us, nobody fuckin with us [Crooked I] I'm the present and the future Like Christmas in 2012 I'm the present in the future, an executive producer You will never get to choose ya destiny cause you a pessimistic loser Mess with me and I'll definitely shoot ya I'ma do's ya like I'm reppin the Yakuza Die hard like I'm sexin with Medusa, do somethin nigga Born thuggin, I don't fuck with the cock Nuts hang down my pant leg, balls tucked in my socks I ain't gotta act tough to get a couple of props Little nigga raised hisself, I don't know what's up with my pops Do I think I'm the dopest, in America? I do Make you switch your whole style like you're datin Erykah Badu Pair of Ferragamo shoes, I will stomp you I'm fucked up, like the relationship between Farrakhan and Jews I'm spankin this instrumental, like a wrinkly old bitch I'm whippin the kick and snare, make 'em pick they own switch I'm smarter than computers that know how to fix they own glitch I'll leave you face down, like chicks who lick they own tits And from this day forward, Crooked is aging backwards Gettin younger and fresher, puttin bums under some pressure Yes sir! Watch the next Slaughterhouse album Every line is white powder, I ain't talkin 'bout talcum I am tighter than "The Biggest Losers" cruisin in a Smart car Distinguished alkie, the flask on the armoire I'm from the home of the most popular bomb weed Most proper, hoes rock with my partners who top seed Po' vodka, we gon' bottle pop in the calm breeze No copper can stop a COB star - I'm a giant Dumpin my cigar ashes out on top of the palm trees Chrome chopper, if I squeeze you drop on the concrete You wanna talk about the paper? Oh let's do it Batter pocket syndrome, the money we gon' abuse it Still gettin out-of-town paper so don't confuse it Tell the hip-hop cops nah, it's only music And haters steady eavesdroppin on "The Bar Exam" Probably in your trunk now dependin on what car I ram The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Melanie Rutherford, Slaughterhouse Album: Street Hop Song: The Warriors Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Melanie Rutherford] Check the scene, pappas Slaughterhouse, still standin There was a murder last night and the shit didn't really sit right with me So I had to tell a story Ohhhhhhhhh baby! Blood on the walls, street life [Joe Budden] America's worst nightmare, ahead by light years Hip-Hop's only shining star in the night's air Right here, don't fight fair, what I write yeah Might there, throw 'em off like they Bobby Knight's chair I been where you tryin to be, I'm already hot All about cake, Betty Crock' and spit ready rock They know my bar came venom in a bezzie rock Kicks from Fight Club, outfit from Eddie Brock I'm goin for the kill, focused on a steady plot John Wilkes the Booth like when he dead aimed his nezzie shot You listenin to hip-hop's finest You rewind this, Slaughterhouse behind this [Joell Ortiz] I like rap, this shit is cool, I'm better than mad niggaz But I'm just as good a crack pitcher as a pad ripper I say that to say this Don't let mad liquor turn me to a bodybag zipper and not a ad-libber Couple joints ago I was right on that ave wit'cha Mad bigger than the cats David Tyree had last winter I'm not a made-up character That's a Puerto Rican Brooklynite with two kids y'all see in them mag pictures And however I gotta feed 'em I will All they ever gon' need in life is just, me and my will Interfere with that it's gon' be more than a beat that I kill Disrespect with an indirect and you will see if I'm real [Crooked I] Fuck you blood-suckin parasites I'm bringin the terror right in front of your parents' sight You parents' eyes, and yeah I wear a pair of pipes I wear 'em like Sega like on a pair of thighs I'm Eric Wright, I'm +Ruthless+, I terrorize You'll either perish or be paralyzed; I'm a thousand degrees Fahrenheit I'm even keepin them heaters when we perform On stage rockin like we from Korn, the people roar What they don't know it's a secret war inside of a rider I'm seekin revenge on the world for bein born! And the desert eagle is "mi amor" She'll fuck you to death, blow your brains, either or cause she a whore [Royce Da 5'9"] Allow me to reassure your stripe's worthless Like a pair of Diadora's when it leaves the Adidas store Don't be comparin us to rappers Compare us to the Arabs, this a terrorist attack, uh - BOOM! Lord have mercy, we here to destroy EVERY-thing You niggaz is butter in front a FUCKIN machete swing Motherfucker I'm fly, I ain't no scary goon Try me and I guarantee you I'ma see you very soon Leave a nigga ass out like Prince, take his bitch Put my +Graffiti Bridge+ right +Under Her Cherry Moon+ (woo!) We notorious, pushin them Porsches Y'all niggaz the orphans; US, we the warriors [Interlude: Melanie Rutherford] Ohhhhh, wait a minute papis Royce, slow down baby [Joe Budden] This rap shit is a workout on my legs (why?) A nigga goin hard on his bike but two million dudes is jumpin on the pegs They know when that raw shit get recorded Either let your speakers enforce it or lay down in a moshpit Of course it's the bosses, actin like officers Runnin in these corporate offices Hungry lookin for a four-course dish no matter what the cost is Like the world's lawless so we don't know what remorse is Cause the V need like a thousand horses Slaughterhouse hoodie on, that's my new couture shit It's Jumpoff! He be the best Computers rank me number 1, blame the BCS It's they fault nigga [Joell Ortiz] Ask about your boy, I'm nice with my hands Maybe that's why, every last thing I write is a jam Minus the fans, the flights to Japan, I am the man Anyone who feel they could see me is in dire need of a eye exam My mind expands wider than the fanbase of a fire band And what I release from my diaphragm sticks to you, like the wrists of Spiderman Fool a average listeners what you liars can do but you will die a scam When I die they will retire my entire hand for years of scripted whoop-ass, makin intruders try a can I guess the moral of the story is Joell's victorious And e'rything's all gravy like Notorious [Crooked I] I left a nigga dead cause he said he was ready for I Let the Beretta give him wings since he said he was fly I'm in my Chevy ridin to "Bar Exam" and "Mood Muzik" They the closest to "Reasonable Doubt" and "Ready to Die" Crooked I, watch for snitches and wire devices My fo'-fifth, fire in crisis, lift you higher than prices All my ice, and on the mic, I am the nicest Me and my bitch ride for life like Osirus and Isis Yeah, word to Run-D.M.C. I'm +Tougher Than Leather-face+ Never threw a gun in the trash but they call me Weapon Waist It's like you movin from the projects to the Hamptons The way my hammers be sendin bastards to a better place [Royce Da 5'9"] Let me set it straight, they fans been led astray Niggaz keep gassin with guns with unleaded spray They don't know they one flow, one medic away From bein taken away from here in the leaded state I handle all of my serious issues with metal I stick you so deep in the earth your zipper can tickle the devil I'm skippin the pick and the shovel I'm pickin you up and I'm shovin your head in the mud until your kickings is level Pardon I live for the moment, you rhymin I give the atonement like the Indians, I scalp and I wig the opponent (yeah) But I'm a chief, matter fact I'm a BEAST I'm a motherfuckin Slaughterhouse G BOOM! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Saigon f/ Joe Budden (uncredited) Album: The Greatest Story Never Told Song: Bring Me Down Pt. 1 Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Saigon] You ever get the feelin No matter what they do, no matter what they say You know you'll make it, someday You know the feelin when your back is up against the wall People say they love you but you ain't convinced at all Tell 'em they full of shit and they tell you you're insecure Callin you immature, does that make sense to y'all? You ever feel like it's you against the whole world? Like everybody is schemin, even your own girl Your homeboy seem to be countin your money Tell him you ain't got it and he lookin at you funny I'm feelin like I probably need to either leave the game alone or either be the G to bang the chrome and get his name known How does the Saigon story end; how? Know what they sayin for now? [Chorus: Joe Budden] They'll say I'm a killaaaaa (uhh) I feel I'm as high as I can be And y'all ain't gon' fly as high as me I can't be no realaaaaa Y'all ain't gon' bring me down, down (nah!) Y'all ain't gon' bring me down, me down (never!) Y'all ain't gon' bring me dowwwwwn (no!) I can't be no realaaaaa Y'all ain't gon' bring me down, down [Saigon] I'm too high but it's not from a drug It's not from a drink, it's not from a night at the club It's not from a broad, it's not what I copped from the dealer I would tell ya, but if I tell ya then I gotta kill ya I been around a lil' while but I'm kinda scared It's ill, like a vet that's still wet behind the ear Some niggaz look hard, but I don't feel a threat behind the stares I'm lookin for vic's and they could be volunteers I dare somebody jump out the window to try to stop me I wait for niggaz to shoot 'em like I was a paparazzi Manly stack, system knockin the Maserati I jump out the back and turn your block into Nagasaki I shouldn't have to always make an issue with the pistol just to prove the kid is official, tissue to the gristle How does the Saigon story end; how? Know what they sayin for now? [Interlude: Joe Budden] + (Saigon) Killaaaaa (I'm too high but it's not from a drug) I feel I'm as high as I can be (I'm high on life, love) And y'all ain't gon' fly as high as me (I'm from above) I can't be no realaaaaa Y'all ain't gon' bring me dowwwn Y'all ain't gon' bring me dowwwn (no) Y'all ain't gon' bring me dowwwwwn (the invincible Saigon!) I can't be no realaaaaa (one, two, three, go!) [Chorus] - echoes at the end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Saigon f/ Joe Budden (uncredited) Album: The Greatest Story Never Told Song: Bring Me Down Pt. 2 Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Saigon] You ever get the feelin No matter what they do, no matter what they say You know you'll make it, someday You know the feelin when your back is up against the wall People say they love you but you ain't convinced at all Tell 'em they full of shit and they tell you you're insecure Callin you immature, does that make sense to y'all? You ever feel like it's you against the whole world? Like everybody is schemin, even your own girl Your homeboy seem to be countin your money Tell him you ain't got it and he lookin at you funny I'm feelin like I probably need to either leave the game alone or either be the G to bang the chrome and get his name known How does the Saigon story end; how? Know what they sayin for now? [Chorus: Joe Budden] They'll say I'm a killaaaaa (uhh) I feel I'm as high as I can be And y'all ain't gon' fly as high as me I can't be no realaaaaa Y'all ain't gon' bring me down, down (nah!) Y'all ain't gon' bring me down, me down (never!) Y'all ain't gon' bring me dowwwwwn (no!) I can't be no realaaaaa Y'all ain't gon' bring me down, down [Joe Budden] Y'all ain't gon' bring me down, down {*4X*} [Saigon] I'm too high but it's not from a drug It's not from a drink, it's not from a night at the club It's not from a broad, it's not what I copped from the dealer I would tell ya, but if I tell ya then I gotta kill ya +The Greatest Story+ is near, now I'm kinda scared It's ill, like a vet that's still wet behind the ear Some niggaz look hard, but I don't feel a threat behind the stares I'm lookin for vic's and they could be volunteers I dare somebody jump out the window to try to stop me I wait for niggaz to shoot 'em like I was a paparazzi That Just Blaze is knockin the Maserati I jump out the back and turn your block into Nagasaki I shouldn't have to always make an issue with the pistol just to prove the kid is official, tissue to the gristle How does the Saigon story end; how? Know what they sayin for now? [Interlude: Joe Budden] + (Saigon) Killaaaaa (I'm too high but it's not from a drug) I feel I'm as high as I can be (I'm high on life, love) And y'all ain't gon' fly as high as me (I'm from above) I can't be no realaaaaa (tell 'em why) Y'all ain't gon' bring me dowwwn Y'all ain't gon' bring me dowwwn Y'all ain't gon' bring me dowwwwwn I can't be no realaaaaa (one, two, three, go!) [Joe Budden] Y'all ain't gon' bring me down, down {*4X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Saigon f/ Joe Budden Album: Warning Shots 3: One Foot in the Grave Song: Bring Me Down Pt. 3 Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Saigon] Yeah y'all know what the verdict is, mercilous verbal-ist spittin murder, this verse is with no preservatives I'm glad I could be of some services to you suckers Cause lately I've been wantin to murder you motherfuckers In all respect I'm like a tyrannosaurus rex The meanest one of 'em all that don't get along with the rest But now that me and homie done put our differences to rest Y'all 'bout to witness two of the sickest spitters in the flesh On features I'm a hell of a guest, why would you ever just settle for less? It's food for thought, they should sell my album at the delicatess' Leader of the Now School, I guess I'm the L.O.N.S. You're not on my level, I'm hot as the devil and yes, niggaz is hella impressed (I'm impressed!) I'm like aggravatin the bull Only thing can bring me down is gravitational pull How does the Saigon story end? Y'all'll find out as soon as the chorus begins, uh [Chorus: Joe Budden] They'll say I'm a killaaaaa I feel I'm as high as I can be And y'all ain't gon' fly as high as me I can't be no realaaaaa Y'all ain't gon' bring me down, down Y'all ain't gon' bring me down, me down Y'all ain't gon' bring me dowwwwwn I can't be no realaaaaa Y'all ain't gon' bring me down, down [Joe Budden - over Chorus] Uhh, yah'mean? Sai' what up nigga? Check this, uhh [Joe Budden]  Y'all ain't gon' bring me down, down {*4X*} Real niggaz do real things... Joey! Check this Wanna talk about how I gain is not measurable I come from a place where the pain became pleasurable Me and success is inseparable I put it all on the table, so it fallin is inevitable I won't fold for you niggaz, my rock bottom like a goal for you niggaz I gave 'em jewels (but) it was more like coal for you niggaz So nah, I ain't the same as your man (nah) Let's talk when you get a link on that chain of command You got a sideline view so what I'm doin don't appear to be hard You drag racin against the rear of the car Pumpin your brakes fishtailin make it difficult to hear these bars Nigga your skin couldn't BARE these scars Gettin beside yourself, niggaz thinkin they the best Diggin your own grave, playin Jenga with Tourette's Out-matched, out-classed, there's nathin you could teach me In order to bring me down gotta be able to reach me [Joe Budden - over Chorus] Uhh, ha ha, real shit nigga! Guess what? (Nah!) One more 'gain! (Never!) One more 'gain! (No!) [Outro: Joe Budden] Can't get no realer than this What up Just? Sai' good lookin nigga Somebody gotta advocate the real shit Somebody gotta be responsible for teachin the young generation what's real and what ain't Niggaz is lost out here, B [Chorus] - latter half The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wale f/ Joe Budden Album: Back to the Feature (Mixtape) Song: Tito Santana Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Wale] Uhh... Dub, A, L, E Appreciate it Joe, yeah Highly unstoppable, nothin's un-coppable Tito Santana matador ain't equipped to stop the bull Proud of product pulled over nigga not be scorned Around here I am the goat like the Capricorn New grove, still bitches don't know this a flaw Cause my hoes in the X like they model for cars Here to change the whole game due to audible Initial place wasn't cruel so we oughta bull I'm ? to my little mack competition You gon' need a couple stars to get your first victor Word picture, hurt niggaz, young verse killer Fist pleaser, skirt lifter, young Dirk Diggler Wahlberg (Shooter), young flow fluid And my brains travel like Yung Berg jewels Transformer, no opponent is formidable Pockets morbidly obese, I'll be tourin for loot I'm Wale, the new nigga on the block See my team has hella cars, I got a couple knots See, how the beat gets ate off Acquire my scratch and I ain't have to use an 8-ball Hip-Hop's whole face is off And I rock with the band, this a cake-walk Yeah And I don't want I don't wanna be condescending on that but like cake-walk Like, I meant like cake from the second season of "Da Band" Like cake-walk like it's, fuck it (TALK TO 'EM!) [Joe Budden] Yo, I'll be whatever you wan' call me Weird or faulty, but lyricists can't ignore me (nah) Keep a shooter wherever the force be (why?) Case they gotta make a band member strip naked like Aubrey So, they hate and they say But the AK's a cross from the tommy like Shenene and they'll try ya Rap hero but wasn't nicer, prior I started off the top of the dome, call him Sylar Now you now son become C. Dalvin Dollar Dungarees, kicks fly closet like Chun Lee (but dawg) Pump me with Sigel to pump B You just servin yourself, go pull up to pump three Flow's all flames, not a race but keep up Cause I'll (Bolt) on Usain, I'm too ahead of the game So take your seat on the bench You met Wale and 9th Wonder, now meet the tenth Joey... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yelawolf f/ Lil Jon, Slaughterhouse, T.I. Album: Hard White (Up in the Club) 12" Song: Hard White (Up in the Club) (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [T.I.] Guess, who's, back, home? G shit certified, nigga can't touch him Bosses all love him, haters, well, fuck them Bought cribs everywhere, everythang custom Lunn{?} bun done, bougie bitches like "What's them?" Solitaire clear stones, Maybach clear dome Blowin on that loud pack, bankroll's full grown Well-known convict, go on with the dumb shit Thug Life wit it like it tatted on my stomach Nigga better pick another number because I am not the one The bigger picture's what's important before all is said and done I bet I get this shit back up under my feet, bullshit aside what I want I keep I'm the big bad wolf and I want my sheep, yo' birthday cake I want my piece I'm beefin with MC's at the meet, it seems they're less than decent I'm a beast and you're my feast, apologies you just can keep it Say you're winning, guess you're being condescending and facetious G's from sea to shinin sea, you may bump this in your Caprices Bow! [Yelawolf] Yeah Tip I once had a friend named Charlie and Charlie was always late to school (school) He had a black eye one day but he wouldn't say just what happened to him (to him) Charlie got mad in class one day and stood up with a .22 pistol Told everybody that he couldn't take it anymore, he was over bein the victim See, one bullet through the wall and the history class was interrupted Charlie fell down in a pool of blood in the class that made it public They said that the bullies in school they drove him to be a suicidal Cause the mirrors didn't reflect the criteria of an American idol Well, sometimes I feel like I could run through the hallways with an AK too Not sayin that I would but it might feel good to off me a rapper or two So, I loaded this pen with a hollow tip and I followed Tip to the hollow pits of my heart, the shit for you to role model with Take a fifth of Jack and swallow it, take a point shell and hollow it Don't be the one with the gun, be the one with the rum, plus two models with all the kids, listen up, Yelawolf don't give a fuck about a club I don't wanna see you in school tryin to do what I do tellin folks you gon' +Pop the Trunk+ Make somethin of somethin or somethin from nothin, baby wake up Play "Radioactive" let me see the reaction, see if I really give a fuck Shady~! [Chorus: Lil Jon + Yelawolf] UP IN THE CLUB, DON'T GIVE A FUCK! UP IN THE CLUB, DON'T GIVE A FUCK! UP IN THE CLUB, DON'T GIVE A FUCK! UP IN THE CLUB - still don't give a fuck! [Crooked I] Uh, 9-millimeter, ride with a heater, drive with a liter, I'm finna need a mic and a speaker I'm finna be the prominent leader, confidence eater, tell competition "Hasta la vista" (ow!) Dawg, you puttin my name in the middle of sucker shit is somethin like you gettin raped by a stranger cause you do not know who you're fuckin with Crooked is a product of the S-L-A-,U-G-H-,T-E-R You "ha ha" funny, I had money when the DVD was a VCR Niggaz about to need CPR when they see the car, kill 'em, dead Might pull over, fuck my chauffeur, cause I screw-drivers, Phillips head Then I'ma tell her to take me to Yela, gettin fucked up I ain't feelin embarrassed The feelin in the air is the 2.0's party like niggaz and wiggaz in Paris [Royce Da 5'9"] Nickel-Nine a rider rhymin at the drama, the driver firin a llama Got a bunch of fly bitches sayin hi to me now cause a nigga said hi to Rihanna Cause I look good (cause I look good) and I smell good (smell good) IT'S A MAN'S WORLD! That's right, I'm the new James Brown drunk in an interview; fuck you finna do? (Nothin) What I'm finna do is go to the strip club and order eight bricks (what you on?) I'm on my T.I.P. in A-T-L lookin for a little pretty young thing I can escape with (Where we goin baby?) "Radioactive," Shady gon' make it go platinum, I couldn't resist to jump on that Slaughterhouse, Yelawolf, Lil Jon, "Hard White" remix! [Joell Ortiz] Uhh, Lil Jon let me get a little bit, I mean a minute, nothin crazy, it's just I'm a lyricist and I've been sittin with this ridiculous venomous bite and I'm sssso ready to strike, I swing and I miss! My dick swing and you miss, I got a missile, can't call it I might misdial I'm in orbit listenin to Em's last album guzzlin gin, +Recoverin+ alcoholic! Everything lookin alright, welcome to the lyricist's pub, who wanna bar fight? In a bar so hot that you're dealin with four dope muh'fuckers and, two hard whites! Deuces-period-crop circle, that's the +Family+ that +Matters+, I'm not Urkel but I'm smooth as Stefan when I move to snuff on your eyeball, your shit'll look dark purple! I'm a product of the PJ's, still walk through that motherfucker in my PJ's Yeah I'm in J.P. Morgan often but don't think I can get chased out the PJ's So try me punk, bet your body jump when the shotty pump, turn your body slump Yelawolf let me rip this "Hard White" but, please, don't, make, me, +Pop the Trunk+ [Joe Budden] Uhh, I - roll that window down and start dumpin, pull up on whatever blocks that y'all on Pills got a nigga walkin 'round doin stupid shit, my definition of an Oxy-moron They ain't never stop me from gettin a bad one, I would tell niggaz again but they heard the story Furthermore he got a couple I ain't bust but it's no need to rush, they reserved it for me See I'm all about fam, I don't fuck with the rest, goons that'll squeeze 'til a couple is left The squad's a façade, it's all smoke and mirrors yellin payback, too broke to cover the debt But I'm grown, adults, and weather that shit you say you don't reciprocate love and respect You get plugged, and you're gon' need doctors to cover your holes as if they dubbin over cassettes You probably didn't hear me, stand on the couch get froggy and breakin any bottle that's near me So real I don't need a hollow to prepare me, I'm the first one in the hood to catch a body usin Siri Cause they be thinkin that I seem crazy, money-motivated, cream make me way out your league, go and dream maybe, T.I., Team Shady 