The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Being Myself Song: G-ing Men Typed by: rap_beatz2k@yahoo.com [Juvenile] Talking for the freaks and the girls getting they're blocks up Talking for the freaks and the girls getting they're blocks up They calling me back telling they want another chance Nigga gonna go ask the girl, am I right Nigga gonna go ask the girl, am I right Nigga gonna go ask the girl, am I right [Juvenile] I met a freak from uptown Talking saying I was young And she could give me spun for tounge Welcome to the home of the G-ing men Had to figure out my uptown friends Welcome to the home of the G-ing men Had to figure out my uptown friends [Juvenile] Thought I was a dummy Thought I was a young fool And then they didn't believe it was little Juv Then the thing I did made you change your mind Like freak named Sharon Said she was big and fun But guess what yo, I geed her I see you murder too much energy So does Gia I see you murder too much energy So does Gia I see you murder too much energy So does Gia I say to my nigga house and he Gia Went back uptown, burned like a heater [Juvenile] For one evening A quarter after three Twinkle my goal And put on some clothes And that might have been for real Now don't be sweatin Just give him the praise Arguing cause I'm thuggin again I make a visit every day And I be swurving And fellas that he bout After I smoke the weed That I need And weaking cause I'm pleading one more right now I see all them ladies Over and over again You can bet that my magnolia Is like I told ya To keep the G in me [Juvenile] Talking for the freaks and the girls getting they're blocks up Talking for the freaks and the girls getting they're blocks up Pick a little rocker, she's a nasty little girl Pick a little rocker, she's a nasty little girl I had dump in this playa world Drop your draws and come over here stick ya And she could jack me a little quicker Drop your draws and come over here stick ya And she could jack me a little quicker [Juvenile] Oh no baby, oh no baby Trying to jump around, but they just can't fake me Oh no baby, oh no baby Trying to jump around, but they just can't fake me Talking for the freaks and the girls getting they're blocks up Talking for the freaks and the girls getting they're blocks up Talking for the freaks and the girls getting they're blocks up They calling me back telling they want another chance Come back and let me rape ya They calling me back telling they want another chance Come back and let me rape ya The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Being Myself Song: Pass Azz Nigga Typed by: rap_beatz2k@yahoo.com Pass Azz Nigga Pass Azz Nigga Pass Azz Nigga Pass Azz Nigga Pass Azz Nigga Pass Azz Nigga [Juvenile] Everybody wanna be a real azz nigga Sometimes they wanna fight cha Sometimes they pull the trigger Everybody wanna be a real azz nigga Sometimes they wanna fight cha Sometimes they pull the trigger What does it take to be a real azz nigga? You coward azz nigga, you fake azz nigga First thing, you gotta be down, ya heard me So listen to your ma and don't get mad trying to serve me Now a days niggas be starting a rappin Jealous out they're mouth cause they know what I'm stressing It's true, niggas take me way way back To my home, to my home, to my ma and my mac I love my boys they have alot of respect yah I be Juvenile, I'll never forget ya [Juvenile] Now I'm about to talk about these niggas The ones that talk alot of shit and make their rump a little bigger If you be stutterin, you a pass azz nigga,  pass azz nigga, a pass azz nigga If you don't like me, you a pass azz nigga,  pass azz nigga, a pass azz nigga Now I'm about to talk about these niggas The ones that talk alot of shit and make their rump a little bigger If you be stutterin, you a pass azz,  pass azz, a pass azz nigga If you don't like me, you a pass azz,  pass azz, a pass azz nigga [Juvenile] Niggas are droppin Police is stoppin They jump in your car Just to see who you are So I'm a pass azz nigga Just come and handcuff a nigga Pass azz, pass azz, pass coward azz nigga [Juvenile] The niggas in my hood ain't nuttin but hustlers You say you might be down, but we still don't trust ya We knew his face, we didn't know his name Bout to show this motherfucker we true to the game My boy grabbed a nine and I grabbed a 47 A 37 and grabbed a mack 11 We see these fellas trying creepin our tape Put fire on his ass and blew the fucker away He tried to run, but we caught him on the melia Had to take him out cause he's a pass azz nigga Pass azz nigga, pass azz nigga, pass azz nigga I can't stand no pass azz nigga Pass azz nigga, pass azz nigga I can't stand no pass azz nigga Pass azz nigga, pass azz nigga [Juvenile] Where ya from, Where ya from I come, I come from right out the magnolia Coming, coming, coming straight from the magnolia Coming, coming, coming straight from the magnolia Coming, coming, coming straight from the magnolia Pass Azz Nigga Pass Azz Nigga Pass Azz Nigga Pass Azz Nigga Pass Azz Nigga Pass Azz Nigga [Juvenile] You used to be real, you used to be down But you turned a bitch when quick left town You used to be in the clan, and all that cest But now I heard you even less Like a nigga like me out from the magnolia When you like a bitch, and went out like a solja Everytime I see you all in the mess You got the slugs in your mouth, swear to god, you a pimp With yout shine ass car and nothin left Got niggas selling boards and mef's Pass Azz Nigga Pass Azz Nigga Pass Azz Nigga Pass Azz Nigga Pass Azz Nigga Pass Azz Nigga (Juvenile talks till end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Being Myself Song: U Can't See Me Typed by: Ltsjet@aol.com Chorus: Now you can't hang around, my crew or my clique, Especially if you ain't about no gangsta shit, You can't hang around, my crew or my clique, Especially if you ain't about no gangsta shit First Verse: Kirby's round the corner playin' bones with Russ, I'm waitin' for my bitch to get off of the bus, She told me she could make it to my house by twelve, So we could get it on, just amongst ourselves, She came to, I had a blunt to blow, After that, I'ma be ready to fuck this hoe, I ran up in it for an hour or so, Put her back in the bus and took a route to the store, Picked up some brew for the rest of my crew, And a couple of cigars for a blunt or two, Headed for the D.J. Way on Teledonna, Now this area was all about drama, Hoes was sweatin', I had my shades on, Ready to put the dick on any bitch that I played on, Now what's the haps with you and your clique? I don't think you want no more gangsta shit, Mo I can roll, I'm just a baller from the South, Ready to knock any muthafuckin' pussy out, I got bitches on the side wanna ride with nine, But don't understand the way that I kicks the style, But I'm a flexor, to riggedy-wrecks-a nigga from the Nolia, I'm goin' out everytime when I kick I'm like a solja, Niggas don't understand the way that I flow, The fliz-no is slow, so check this out bro Chorus Second Verse: I kicks the shit that make them niggas say "ooh", That'll make them hoes say "Yeah, that must be that nigga Juv", I'm from the, wild side of the city, What a pity, I'm wild, like a muthafuckin' crazed Frank Nitty, I'm not the old days nigga that's comin' with the gats, Nigga where you at? Nigga where you at? Nigga where you at? Give me a bag of powder, watch me twitch, I might go crazy and wanna kill in this bitch, I seen a lot of niggas talk shit about me, But don't know a muthafuckin' thing about me, So keep my name outta your mouth and you just might just don't see the glock, POP everytime I see your ass on my block, Shop close for the hoes, that used to think that Juv would trick, But bitch how you feel? Cuz you ain't got shit, Niggas wanna play these games and don't know, That I am the wickedest one you know bro, I'm just a nigga from off the side, So what's up? I'm bout to rock in the house, right? Microphone check one two, now what's the haps? It's time for me to put my neighborhood on the map, I'm from the neighborhood of the wild Magnolia, Home of the killas, the trillas, the soljas, Droppin' muthafuckas like an everyday habit, If I see your fine, sexy bitch, I'ma stab it, Comin' from my head, my skin tone is red, Ready to put the muthafuckin' black boy to bed, I ain't never was afraid of no war, Cuz where I come from, we snort powder and we roar Chorus Third Verse: I'm in the Nolia, lookin' for the Poppers, Took me a hit off the blunt, then I spot her, Hoe that I know, bout twenty years of age, A pepper-red bitch with extensions in her head, Now she was the type to put you in a plot ball, Her last old man done got his head knocked off, But fuck I want the pussy so let's see what she's about, She gave me the phone number and the address to her house, I passed by late, she stayed on South Mero, Walked in the door with my three eight zero, Popped on that ass, got her nothin', I was outty, Now she calls me sayin' how she feel about me, "Come back to me, Juvenile, I'm beggin' you please", "Won't you just come back to me, Juvenile, I'm beggin' you please", Now, if I was King, just imagine that shit, I'd have the Queen back smackin' that bitch, Now drop to your knees and kiss, and you tease, Of that, hell of a guy Mister J-U-V, I want riches, fuck bitches and them hoes, No better than a sweater, fella, cuz I won't let her, Hoe blow my head off, and take me off ground, Knowin' inside that a bitch could bring me down, Juvenile let a hoe trap me? That ain't the hamp, I'm on the map aiyyo I'm in the house, And I'm on the map G Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Being Myself Song: Shake Dat Azz (If You're A Player) Typed by: Ltsjet@aol.com If you're a player makin' money throw your hands up If you a woman that's in love then give your man up If you're a player makin' money throw your hands up If you a woman that's in love then give your man up First Verse:  I kicks the shit that'll make them niggas say "Oooh", That'll make them hoes say "Yeah, that must be that nigga Juv", I kicks the shit that'll make them niggas say "Oooh" That'll make them hoes say "Yeah, that must be that nigga Juv", Now niggas and hoes, that's up in the house, It's time for me to show you what the Juvenile's about, Niggas and hoes, that's up in the house, It's time for me to show you what the Juvenile's about, Shake, shiggedy, shake, shake, shake that ass, Shake, shiggedy, shake, shake, shake that ass, Shake, shiggedy, shake, shake, shake that ass, Shake, shiggedy, shake, shake, shake that ass, Over there ungh, Over here ungh, And once the crew get through, you gone need, a papsmear, Over there ungh, Over here ungh, And once the crew get through, you gone need, a papsmear, Ain't nothin' wrong, with bein' a Juvenile nigga, Ain't nothin' wrong, with bein' a Juvenile nigga, Ain't nothin' wrong, with bein' a Juvenile nigga, Ain't nothin' wrong, with bein' a Juvenile nigga Bridge One: Man, I don't know what the fuck wrong with y'all, Y'all must got a problem, Y'all shouldn't be scared to roll with that nigga Juvenile Second Verse: Now when the sun goes down in the C.J. Peete, I'ma hit the door, lookin' for me a H-O-E, The first bitch I see, I step to her quick, I'm tryin' to find a way that I can run up in her shit, Now she don't wanna have no conversation, She sayin' I'm beginning to be an aggrevation, Called her boyfriend, he was comin' out the store, He walked up to me and confronted me about the hoe I said "Look here the bitch was standin' so I thought she didn't have a man", "So let's get that an understanding", He looked at me crazy, figured he could fake me, I reached in my draws and quickly grabbed the three eighty, Now he's another nigga gone, Lovin' these hoes, you fuck with me and now it's on, Ain't nothin' wrong, with bein' a Juvenile nigga, Ain't nothin' wrong, with bein' a Juvenile nigga, Ain't nothin' wrong, with bein' a Juvenile nigga, Ain't nothin' wrong, with bein' a Juvenile nigga, Shake, shiggedy, shake, shake, shake that ass, Shake, shiggedy, shake, shake, shake that ass, Shake, shiggedy, shake, shake, shake that ass, Shake, shiggedy, shake, shake, shake that ass, Solja, solja, solja, solja, Solja, solja, solja, solja, Solja, solja, solja, solja, Solja, solja, solja, solja, Bounce with the 'Nile, Bounce with the 'Nile nigga, Bounce with the 'Nile, Bounce with the 'Nile nigga, Bounce with the 'Nile, Bounce with the 'Nile nigga, Bounce with the 'Nile, Bounce with the 'Nile nigga, Where the virgins at? Where the virgins at? All of y'all put your hands in the air, Where the virgins at? Where the virgins at? All of y'all put your hands in the air, I'm lookin' for the bitches with the booty, with the booty, I say I'm lookin' for the bitches with the booty I'm lookin' for the bitches with the booty, with the booty, I say I'm lookin' for the bitches with the booty BOOM! With the gat, BOOM! With the gat, nigga BOOM! With the gat, BOOM! With the gat, nigga BOOM! With the gat, BOOM! With the gat, nigga BOOM! With the gat, BOOM! With the gat, nigga Where you at nigga? Where you at nigga? Where you at? Where you at nigga? Where you at nigga? Where you at? Bitch where you at? Bitch where you at? Bitch where you at? Bitch where you at? Where you at Bitch? Where you at nigga? Where you at nigga? Bitch where you at? Bitch where you at? Bitch where you at? Shake, shiggedy, shake, shake, shake that ass, Shake, shiggedy, shake, shake, shake that ass, Now niggas and hoes, that's up in the house, It's time for me to show you what the Juvenile's about, Now niggas and hoes, that's up in the house, It's time for me to show you what the Juvenile's about, I kicks the shit that'll make them niggas say "Oooh" That'll make them hoes say "Yeah, that must be that nigga Juv", I kicks the shit that'll make them niggas say "Oooh" That'll make them hoes say "Yeah, that must be that nigga Juv", Ride, ride, ride, ride, Ride, ride, ride, ride, Ride, Ain't nothin' wrong, with bein' a Juvenile nigga, Ain't nothin' wrong, with bein' a Juvenile nigga, Ain't nothin' wrong, with bein' a Juvenile nigga, Ain't nothin' wrong, with bein' a Juvenile nigga, I be rockin' this shit like every single day, I be rockin' this shit like every single day, I be rockin' this shit like every single day, I be rockin' this shit like every single day, Where the parties at? Where the parties at? Where the parties at? Where the parties at? I'm lookin' for the poppers, lookin' for the poppers nigga, Juvenile out here lookin' for the poppers, I'm lookin' for the poppers, lookin' for the poppers nigga, Juvenile out here lookin' for the poppers, Pass me the blunt, so I can get fool, So me and the crew, can chill with a brew, Pass me the blunt, so I can get fool, So me and the crew, can chill with a brew, Just relax yourself, to that crazy, cool, wicked Naughty sounding mellow fellow Juvenile, Cuz he's cold as cheese The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Being Myself Song: Conversation With Tha Man Above Typed by: rap_beatz2k@yahoo.com [Juvenile] Why does Juvenile gotta suffer so much All this love in the hood keeps me in a fuss Last night, me and the fellas almost got smoked We heard gunshots and we said "we all broke" A 2 mile chase hitting corners quick Thank god we alright and made it to the bricks Now I gotta carry a nine i guess These brothas try to peel my cap, so I gotta put em to rest Now is it really worth the fighting and fuss We killed one of them, they killed one of us A young teenage black male Gave em a brand new 40 and he got locked in jail They say thats how it's supposed to be But I don't think that kind of life was chosen for me So I send up the sin I pray To the Lord to conversate To end all of this hate Chorus: Living inside ghetto is not a joke, not a joke I keep on seeing fellas from hood getting smoked Living inside ghetto is not a joke, not a joke I keep on seeing fellas from hood getting smoked Living inside ghetto is not a joke, not a joke I keep on seeing fellas from hood getting smoked Living inside ghetto is not a joke, not a joke I keep on seeing fellas from hood getting smoked [Juvenile] I wouldn't be alive if I didn't say I'm the type of person that praise everyday Brothas in the hood ain't the same They got a gun and they change Now they say I changed cause I'm making records But I'm still in the hood handing out some chicken Teenage sistas getting happy drawls Used to be quiet, now she do it all It's hard to undertsand this shit And everybody I question say "life's a bitch" My life is a bitch, because I made it that So I'm praying to the Lord, please change me back Chorus [Juvenile] My family's not together like they should be And I don't think they ever will be My grandma is the only one that says she loves us So whats the reason for the everyday scream fuss Daddy just got killed last week For my boy on the curb, may he rest in peace Then they went and killed Teck Now I'm thinking "is the Juv next?" I don't wanna run when I can't hide Lord if I go, just make sure I'm on your side Chorus (Juvenile talks till end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Solja Rag Song: Solja Rag Typed by: wardnine@wam.umd.edu Intro: [helicopter sound effects] Verse One: You 'bout dat paper? You on top?  You handlin' business? You doin' swell? Down with yo' niggaz to da finish? Are you willin'? To hit da streetz up and make a killin'? Are you a villain? Pushin' a Bentley makin' millions? Do you do your time? Without rattin' on your partners?  Do you kill your beef? With a pistol or a chopper? Is you da man? Do you pay all of your bills? Did you make a plan? And won't stop 'till it fulfilled? Can you handle coke? Can you handle dope? Ain't afraid to go?  Even though you know? Look... lil' Daddy... Do you take care of yo' kids? Is it clean in yo' crib? Can't you stand to eat some ribs? Ain't it scandalous how we live? You ball with Cash Money? Do you like Manny track? Ain't it shive how I rap? Puttin' New Orleans on the map! You brush ya teeth? You on dem hoes? You got dem Ree[bok]s on ya feet? With dem Girbauds?  Chorus1: 4X Then you a SOLJA nigga, put up a solja rag!!! Put up a soljah rag Put up a soljah rag Verse Two: Now what's happenin' wit' you? You knockin' dem heads off too? You do what a playa do? You fuck in the Rochambeau? You ain't scared to blast? When you got dat iron witcha Do you bust his ass? You acts a ass? You got ya ski mask? And ya solja rag? Look...  You ready to blow a bag? Can you hustle like it's legal? Can you avoid da people? And hotwire your Regal? You 'bout dat evil? Look... You on some ignorant shit? When that hoe get flip Now can you punish da bitch? You like dem Beamers? You like dem Benz 500s? You like dem Hummers? You like dem big fine womens? You a playa ain't ya? None of these bitch niggaz could fade ya! The ghetto made ya!  Dope fiends and junkies raised ya! Do you sleep in suites? Do you go shopping every week? When you hit da streetz You got dem Reeboks on your feet? Chorus 2: Then you a SOLJA nigga, put up a solja rag!! Throw up a solja rag Put up a solja rag Throw up a solja rag Put up a solja rag Throw up a soljah rag Put up a soljah rag Put up a soljah rag Throw up a soljah rag Chorus1: 2X Verse Three: Is you a paper chaser?  You got your block on fire? Remainin' a G? Until the moment you expire? You know what it is? To make nothin' outta somethin'? You handle your biz? And don't be cryin'  And its somethin' Your niggaz is in ya? You got your girlfriends witcha? Since you was a kid? You was a instant wig-splitter? You twinkle your slug? You ain't no bitch huh? You stompin' ya box in the mud? A Hot Boy microwave oven Tatooted up, booted up None of you bitches lovin' Your windows are tinted? You got a g and a half and you ready to spend it? You don't fuck with dem Nike tennis? You play with Barettaz?  You sleep in the Royal Sonesta? You won't fuck Vanessa? You got chopperz up on ya dresser? You believe in GOD? But can you handle it when its hard? And represent your ward? You be stalkin' the boulevard? Chorus 3: Put up a solja rag Throw up a solja rag Put up a solja rag Put up a solja rag Throw up a solja rag Put up a solja rag Throw up a solja rag Put up a solja rag Throw up a solja rag Put up a solja rag Put up a solja rag Throw up a solja rag Put up a solja rag Throw up a solja rag Put up a solja rag Throw up a solja rag Throw up a solja rag Throw up a solja rag [Outro] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ B.G., Big Moe, Bulletproof Album: Solja Rags Song: I Did That Typed by: Ltsjet@aol.com [Juvenile] Them Hot Boys out here, ya heard me? The B.G., headbussin' Moe, fa sho Bout to make it happen, Magnolia bout that gafflin' Valence & Magnolia First Verse [Juvenile]: I'm in the jungle, of niggas that's lookin' for static, Two niggas stuck and jackin' just to support his habit, Them people rollin', so I gotta do what I can, I gotta pound of that sand I picked up from the man, The luxuries I gotta have it, black savage, He's in the streets holdin' up traffic, With the plastic, Desert Eagle .45 automatic, My glass is, filled with J.D. and coca-cola classic, And niggas that playa-hate I got somethin' for yo asses I'ma act a donkey, boy you best not run up on me, You niggas phony, that's why I did that to your homie, For instance, when the Mac-9 will erase your existence So distance, yourself from me cuz my conscience be clickin', Niggas be paranoid when they see I be dippin', Sayin', man let me go, he bout to stomp on that trigger, Somebodies wig get split in the middle of the street, I got your brains to show you bitches, stop playin' with me, And ain't no thing I got my ruger and I aint' scared to die, Cross that line and I'ma shoot'cha and tell your Mommy bye-bye, Hungry for money, like vampires hungry for blood, Better get to runnin', solja reeboks is in the mud Chorus [Bulletproof]: Phase, a blast of foolishness went through his head, With a strap hollerin' "Nigga what you said?" That iron again is mine right? Snatchin' for a kidnap, People out that project say Juvenile you did that? That iron again is mine right? Snatchin' for a kidnap, People out that project say Juvenile you did that? Man, Juvenile you did that... Second Verse [Big Moe]: Don't get caught up fools, in the wrong way, Cuz them niggas out that Lio stay totin' them A.K.'s The baddest trigga happy niggas I ever saw, Calliope niggas play the muthafuckin' game raw, So don't get'cha self in a jam, Cuz these niggas I hang with really don't give a damn, With the quickness, nigga they put them K's to use, Niggas like Wango, Wine, Spig, and my boy Deuce, So any nigga want some drama get strapped, So I can put your bitch ass in my Rest In Peace wrap Cuz dead, yeah, is what'cha gonna be, If you fuck with this nigga from that C-P 3, So don't be fuckin' with me, Cuz you'll be lookin' down the barrel of a nine double M, homie And with a nigga like me, holdin' the gat, I'ma pull the fuckin' trigger and bust ya head to the fat, Then watch your brain run down the city drain, And after that, leave the spot cuz Frank Mignon's comin' to get the remains, So all you gangsta ass niggas tilt your hat, And plus that bullshit y'all niggas out here are tryin' to do? I fuckin' been there and done that Chorus [Bulletproof]: Phase, a blast of foolishness went through his head, With a strap hollerin' "Nigga what you said?" That iron again is mine right? Snatchin' for a kidnap, People out that project say Big Moe you did that? That iron again is mine right? Snatchin' for a kidnap, People out that project say Big Moe you did that? Third Verse [B.G.]: Don't make me pull my pistol nigga, cuz fa-shiggidy I'ma use it This life you strugglin' through you gone lose it, I come through actin' foolish, with semi-automatics, Shit get hectic, blast, or get blasted, I'ma a Baby Gangsta bout drama, bout buckin', Full of that dustin', you bust, I'm bustin', You shoot, I shoot You miss, I hit, Hot Boy representin' that gangsta shit, Stop playin' with the young soldier, believe, You jeopardizin' what's on your shoulder, you shoot at me Take it to the streets, you ain't bout that action, Packin' two twenty-three's, sweepers knock you off your feet, St. Thomas still got them bags for twenty-five, Before I go on the pride, I'm full of that Worldwide, Goin' for crime I'll spank them, can't swim with the sharks, Through this water, muthafucka I'll spank'em, Get'cha mind right, nigga, fuckin' with me, Think twice I tote iron I'ma a true B.G., Fuckin' right, I split hats, and I tote Mac's, I be fuckin' with silver packs, now what you know about that? Got the all black fit, ready to put in work, But niggas actin' like jerks, I put dicks in the dirt, I run with Juvenile, cuz he's a gangsta ass nigga, Niggas huntin' like they bout it, but I'll spank that ass nigga, So who wants some beef? Let me show you I don't play, Told ya I'm that type that'll hit'cha block everyday, If you're real, you'll bust back, But if you fake, I got'cha warning in all-black, It's no escape, I did that Chorus [Bulletproof]: Phase, a blast of foolishness went through his head, With a strap hollerin' "Nigga what you said?" That iron again is mine right? Snatchin' for a kidnap, People out that project say B.G. you did that? That iron again is mine right? Snatchin' for a kidnap, People out that project say B.G. you did that? Man, Juvenile you did that... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Big Tymers (Mannie Fresh) Album: Solja Rags Song: Roll With 'Em Typed by: hot_boyz@mail.com Juvenile: It's enemy turf that I'm on, so I'ma play it how it go Cock the hollow points into my black calico Hit the coat with some of grams of that dope fo' sho' it's bout to go Niggaz graduated from sellin' dope to snortin' dope Gangsta be bustin' heads Lil Reggie be bustin' heads K.C., he be bustin' heads Think I ain't 'bout nustin' heads Boddies bled, I'll put infrared up in your Cutlass You play with 226, that's my clique so I say fuck it Ruckus, war deep, World War III in the mix 5 Hot Boy$ runnin', bringin' G's to they clique With them hundred round tip-tips, to make sure niggaz ain't breathin' You recievin', a punishment for not believin' Curly head lookin' for me, cause I'm hot and word don' got loose Bundles of dope fronted, from the Magnolia to the Goose Snitches wanted to testify the shit that they know Set a bomb on the front door, put a key in the door and the place blow Look I been walkin' way mo', with a coat full of yeh-yo Nothin' but clientele, from 11-5, sale You don't think it's legal, nigga we can take it to the scale You gon' double your money, gon' get credit make your bail Chorus: Juvenile (4x) With that iron, I'ma roll wit' 'em, momma don't pray for me I don't back down frome no nigga, they got a place for me Juvenile: My biological father, was a sperm donor, around the corner Was the man that killed lil Lanny, who knew we'd understand it That way that, my mother was heartless to her kids So he took us in his home, and he raised like his own Now we grown, and we learned responsibility, The devil tryed to get wit me To affect all of my dickin' inability But it's gon' be some shit, when a collision is occurin' Asurin', of me bein' a factor, through '97 and after And I'ma have to, get my ten percent Or I'ma get punished, like the rest of these niggaz and there's evidence 'Cause ever since all these cars and all these mansions, and all these luxuries was givin' You wasn't givin' no thanks, to the reason you was livin' So I'ma keep an open mind and make the right decision And ain't tell you niggaz shit, and put my self in a position That's unescapable, 'cause you capable, of puttin' my life in danger And it's causin' confusion, confusion draw conclusion And shootin' up some niggaz that pose a threat Until somebody warns you that you're close to death Chorus: Juvenile (4x) Mannie Fresh: Don't love ya, don't need ya, so why the fuck would I feed ya You bitches want my riches, delete ya Cause it's movin', it's shakin' number one spot takin' Rap shite tight and money we be makin' Clock six figures, with brown beats and triggers Drinkin' from the riggers, poppa said the gon' fig us Everything I make, and everything I drive Everything I scratch and everything I ride Touch it, , live for it, you niggaz kill for it The new Juve tape, got you hoes loosin' weight Can't get your life straight, music to masturbate Juvenile: Test a, nigga like me boy and you better Have on your bulletproof sweater, ridin' in an armored Jetta Beware of these, thugs in E's Everytime you breathe you recievin' a part of me Look, my lyrics be combustable like gases When I'm grabbin' for the mic and performin' for your masses I'm never found on the ship that's steady sinkin' Total control and all about self my way of thinkin' Bankin', off top, runnin' with them boys from the block Totin' glocks that we only use when we put on the spot Now I got, a reason to live for than to die Keepin' a tight inventory on my supply, of gettin' high Know when to stop, don't wanna be it, can't even see it Not even them little niggaz that I be wit' Chorus: Juvenile (10x) I'm gettin' tired, of this bulshit that we hearin' I'm gettin' tired, 'bout to get my iron ready to ride Ready to ride Ready to ride Ready to ride, lil wodie Momma don't pray for me, I don't back down frome no nigga Momma don't pray for me, I don't back down frome no nigga Momma don't pray for me, I don't back down frome no nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Solja Rags Song: Pimpinabitch Typed by: Ltsjet@aol.com First Verse: The Mac Melph Calio walker, the shot caller the big baller The fiend that'll sell your daughter, The 6th & Baronne connection, No disrespect to my section The nigga who made you who you is,  The nigga who put furniture in your crib The nigga that'll burn you where you live, The landcruiser snatcher, the coop-filter King smoker, The nine toter, the glock cocker, the fine chopper, The kill the cop blocker, The brown, dirty forty bottle, The Freret Street hoe driver, The old Saab, the rusty Faygo getter, The Swisher Sweet babysitter, The pluck hood seller, the Good fella, The twenty-one year old Beretta, The Ca$h Money contract receiver, The erase a non-believer, The chicken wing eaters Chorus: We Pimpinabitchandcheckinthemniggas because we comin' from Uptown Second Verse: God the lowly spinach givers, The U.T.P. liver splitters, The dice game riches, The card player, the Magnolia hallwayer, The herb smoke follower, the St. Ide's swallower, The Fa Sho hollerer, The reebok wearer, the Camoflauge era, The White boy terror, the duckin' undercovers, The project muthafuckas, The Tulane & Broad escapers, The 1997 paper chasers, The teenage cellular phoner The Uptown big boner, The sip on Corona, The Bayou classic, hoe attraction, Bout that action, pussy satisfaction, Situation starter, War to starter, The spin the dime to chip up the plastic glock ripper The fire screen ripper, The B.G. CD listener, The Big Boy headache giver Chorus (3X) Third Verse: The penitenairy time doers, The three time losers, The heroin users, The sixth and Willis twillers, The L.D. and T.C. nigga, The Clara Street killers, The Calliope cut-throaters, The Melphanine duct tapers, The St. Thomas duct tapers, The Valence Street kidnappers, The Holly Grove bitch smackers The Pigeontown chopper toters, The Gert-Town fire smokers, The crooked copper, The politician shit popper, The faggot preachers, The hypocrite teachers, The gumbo cooker, The Bourbon Street hookers, The aluminum can pickers The drug dealer ass kissers, The pork chop eaters, the CYC dick beaters The bet'cha I could beat'chas, The Holy Karan readers, CMB ballers, the record business shot-callers Chorus (6x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Solja Rags Song: Livin in the Projects Typed by: Ltsjet@aol.com First (only) Verse: I'm a nigga from the third with a helluva nerve, And if you cross my line then you will get served, I win, lose, or die this happens everyday, Muthafuckas get killed in this game I play I put these hands on a nigga cuz he talk too much, He told my business to a bitch, I had to fuck him up When I confronted this nigga, he got highly upset, Took off his shirt, booted up, then looked down to my chest, So I slammed his ass, the nigga started to kick, I went to stompin' in his face, fuckin' up his shit, Gave him a good ass whippin', then I started to steppin', I saw him reachin' in his pants, I seen he was stressin', The niggas was stuntin', but I had mine, Five times through the chest, family outside cryin', On the way back home, I saw this sharp ass lady, Polo down, hair fixed, and some gold earrings, I asked just where she's headed, she said "7th Ward", Release the fine bitch out the St. Bernard, She hopped in the ride, I take the hoe to Popeye's, Got a three piece white, cold drink, and small fries The hoe got full, we went to the Rochambeaux, Took off her clothes and bust three nuts and after that I was through, Took her halfway home and told the bitch "Get on", Didn't give a fuck about her cuz I gave her the bone, Everyday somebody else will get, hung by the gaffler, Niggas roll down the ave., cuz I'm the neighborhood amp, Fuckin' around with the Juvenile and you get your brains blown out, Cuz that's what livin' all up the project is all about The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Solja Rags Song: Who's Tha M.F. Typed by: xzibit47@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [First Verse] Nigga just came home from jail look how he played me Kicked my door down took my shit an tied up my ol' lady Now I'm just kick back broke poverty is still in my head hurtin Cuz I know this nigga gotta be killed My good side tellin me let'em slide cuz he aint worth bout my bad side Tell me to kill'em cuz he deserve no mercy Follow my bad side and put a feelin through healin Any motherfucker seekin his business relentless Thoughts goin through my mind nigga had tried to shine I would be bout dat iron in this foolishness frame of mind In the front door actin a donkey wit the .44 Let a funky snatched the money handle business to momo Tired of havin nothin wearin my brother's clothes Many times I got drove by niggas in front of hoes You know how it be dogg you aint been ballin all your life You was round dat bitch still dirty stealin bikes Buildin escape mobile all fixin the grilled cheese In the store breakin snaps crown derby a key Chorus: Repeat-8x Whos the motherfucker I'm the motherfucker [Verse Two] You lil boys runnin wanna do somethin c'mon I gotta somethin fo' lil bitch ass your potnas and your grandma Cuz I'm on a killa playa hata type boy you Dont ask me none of that ??? but I'll take a lil of dat ??? Step and I'll cut your breath short like its bestis Should've had your mama sayin "lord mama child loved'em" They say I'm losin weight boy whats wrong wit you I'm hungry and I'm broke now brake me off wit a bone or two I know a, nigga should be good for that ha? But all that nigga had tol' is I aint got it right now Lil bitch you not my round you hoes lay it down Lemme get dat out your potnas better me than them coppas Fa sho yo' hoe, tried to crown me on the block You probably would've got me put dat nine wouldn't stop A witness scored a bag cuz your boy tried to slam me Out chip ass sellin whammies busta wont see his family I let dat nigga slide cuz I been in his shoes too Like twenty-four-seven breath smellin like beaucoup Chorus: Repeat-8x Whos the motherfucker I'm the motherfucker [Verse Three] I'm runnin wit dat gal thats after ??? niggas wit six figgas To get wit his sign us a ????? wit no repayin Now I'm in it lay wit'um it violate ten and fuck'em juv Set up his to conduct an attitude Look here How many of you niggas ready to start big tymin Look here How many of you niggas wanna be ridin reclinin Diamonds be shinin sippin on heinkens your mind was in a trans Probably takin a chance to his baddest police You kill in the peete and make a million a piece And we'll got off of the streets in there a house in the east I know the answer is no so up into my dad I'm screamin fuck yo' clangin the five doe Look here When I was young I didnt hardly know shit Bigga ballin would get the medocore nigga noticed So I approach like I was coached refuse in the gun Gangs could be over come if you silence your tongue My name went after choosen one threw out the slump Sense of envy up in these other mennies brains I ???? Chorus: Repeat-8x Whos the motherfucker I'm the motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Lil Wayne, Turk Album: Solja Rags Song: Hide Out Or Ride Out Typed by: PLaTiNuMKnicca@aol.com [Lil Wayne] I strike a load you get served I ain't to be joked with Fake Buster get smoked with, you provoke it I explode it, unload it, reload it, unload again and Put another clip in, 50 Shots to win I can't lose its Impossible Plus I got a Chopper 50 Shots bout to be droppin' you I be bout straight hittin' the beef kicker the set then Leave the set and leave a beef kicker wet Jet off the scene with the Uptown Fighters Red Dot Sighers, all week Night Flighters I'ma get 'cha when ya least expect it Cock the Glock check it, a Vase can't protect it boy Is ya ready? I leave yo set wetty Slugs flyin' high got ya body real heavy Ya can't move, ya got bucked now ya stuck Left wet on the set, tell yo boys to pick ya up Out cold, head swole, eyes drove I know Fa'sho you ain't gone test me no more Yo block tore, yo Family in black clothes You got blowed, and in yo chest is many holes This goes, A Lot of rounds of Ammo I show how Uptown Niggas drove Ya fake boy, me and my niggas did it to ya Automatic, Black Chopper Trigger Pullers That's how we be, loadin' clips then release Eight deep, in the 300 E, leather seats, and in the trunk atiliary Up the street, where I score shoul ain't for me The B.G. that's the name I go by Test me? You die ask Kangol bout it Hide Out, if ya clip slide out, Ride Out Yo block bout to die out Move yo People I'm burnin' down the whole street The Night Creepers, bout to heat our enemy Lights Off, Mask On Creep Silent Life's gone we don't left yo block quiet Retaliate wait, know you not boy Cause I'm a Hot Boy, Nine-Milli Cock Boy Chopper gunnin' you scared, you see us runnin' Start movin' me and Juvey when we comin' [Juvenile] In yo lap yo brain sit, got a Chopper splittin' through bricks A you Black Crucifix, up in the dirt I be knockin' dicks Smooth and Beretically, my pocket rockin' to Six Figures I'm polverizin' niggas pullin' K-F's with two triggers On my body theres a side of me It only come out at night though Them Demons got me on a flight Duck Tape'N and takin' life, or even worse It could be Three O'clock, on a Sunday by Church Yo brains I'ma have to burst You shouldn't have fucked with me first Gettin' full of some Malcolm, Adams Apple I scalp 'em Got Richard Penatin callin' for National Guards to come help him Very seldom when ya see, when you do what do you do? Bust back, better be a head shot, if not then it's through I'm comin' around the corner bout to pull a Meatball on ya Fully dressed like a hoe, and in my purse is a Calico Me and Lil Turk if you heard of a merger on a murder 50 G'z on his head, what the fuck did you say? 50 G'z Fa'sho that nigga live next door Call the man, give him a rang, left the sucker change Look I fuck with that rap shit, but acts a donkey on the low A Hot Boy representin' this bitch like Black and Moe [Turk] I start to poppin' niggas start to droppin' I'm havin' fatal thoughts I think I'm fuckin' Shell Shockin' Niggas bangin' Four, Five rangin' in my ear I'm not scared, cause I'm Soldier, and Soldiers have no fuckin' fear In my sleep at night, I'm seein' war fights Wakin' up thinkin' a nigga took my fuckin' life Unnecessary shit, mind clickin' like a light switch Who picked you up on any nigga or any bitch Don't give a fuck, steady bangin' in dodgin' camoflaguin' With my Mack- Elivin' , Hot Boy$, that whole Ca$h Money Click Don't fuck with, unless we known to get in yo shit I'm Shell Shock bitch, only thing on my mind Kill a nigga with that fuckin' Chrome-9 Don't have time for them dog hoes Goin' through a stage with that Chopper and that 4-4 [Juvenile] What's this shit I hear about you boys Partners-N-Crime You think you U.N.L.V. punished you bitches the last time Now you gonna shine, let me put somethin' on yo mind Look I was born in this bitch for taken hits, and protectin' shit Its a Fa'sho thing, I'ma bring drama or I'ma wet 'cha Ya bests be bout ya Issue, if not God bless ya What make you think 2-2-6 wasn't strong? That's what we do, you wrong They both com and they gone Off Toppers, I'ma deal with you and yo Partners T.C. , L.D. , Willard Street with Choppers Drama is the need for Ca$h, we play it right though I'm comin' to get a nigga ass, like I'm them white folks Look, better be bout it, if not better be rowdy It's all in yo mind ha?, You gone shine, ha I doubt it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Bullet Proof, Hot Boys Album: Solja Rag Song: Spittin' Game Typed by: Mike82122@aol.com Fresh. Slim, Baby. Hot Boys. Hot Boys in this bitch. Check it out. Turk: Niggas steady getting chopped Losin they life behind stupid shit Ain't that a bitch Niggas, gettin' they wig split And it's a shame Killin' has became a fame I cannot see my brains layin On the ground I keep my 9 on my waistline Chop 'em down Picks up the shells could leave no evidence around and, it's t-shirt land when niggas ain't playin' Got a chrome glock got it cocked Red dot on yo' knot As I pop Nonstop Till you drop Pronounced dead On the spot It's a tragedy when I spin' yo fuckin' block A nigga, from BlackConnect Will leave ya wet Fa' sho yo' face is on the next If ya disrespect I ain't fakin' it, yo' life I'm takin' it Hollow points bullets racin' it Niggas ain't makin' it When I bust Tell it to any nigga chopper bullets you can't trust If you bust, when I spray Head for shelter 10% is gonna help ya, 90 is gonna fail ya A lot of punk niggas try to play hard Put yo' face on a fresh tee sendin' that ass to the morgue Better be cool if you don't, that's all on you. Bullet Proof: 16 worth a mill my whole clique push dope Transportin' ki's in the all black Camero 50 G's on the seat, layin' next to my heat I'm a Hot Boy to the police And I'm a thug on the street Yeah I score from Slim and B  10 a ki, real OG's, 36 oz's formed the halves Goin' for 2 G's UPT connect, bout stackin', leave ya wet Niggas who disrespect, my chopper put in check Big body on broaders, that's all I know Mansion on Washetona 6 figures on the floor Double R and DR watched by Uptown security guards 10 G's a ki, 36 o's a piece 4 and a half, 2 G's, but I'll take 18 Got some niggas on my team bout head bussin' and green Flippin' ????? G's, hoopties, to benzies I get my ki's, from my uncle KC He's a Magnolia soldier Be in 10 in Angola Shoot out in that 'Nolia Knock ya head off ya shoulders Juvenile: I ain't about no playin When I'm comin' get out the way Gun play, bussin' a nigga ass on the runway Head straight back to the hot block Flight in a half If I'm out there bad I might cut you in half UTP tatooed it, across my stomach stay booted Look I'm a looter, holdin' the Ruger Or a 6 shooter On Tuesdays and Thursdays You better watch for the sweep Look them people gon' act a ass if you get caught in the street I'm layin off in some room by my bitch duckin' them people Staked out the area, and rob the chinese store Do it like it's legal, I heard heads in power Bitches want the dope dick children and cop blockers Niggas in the cut with ski masks lookin' for me I'm on top of the roof with a chopper watchin' em too Fuck with me your mans urge get in his curtains Now send ya people To the TC and we gon' hurt 'em I'm seein' niggas  Shootin like that heavy on 'bauds and tens I'm in the Chevy with B.G. and our girlfriends Park 'round the corner leave ya gun and creep slow Look bitch this ain't the night show, lay it down hoe Ya think I'm playin, ask Baby and Slim how I can Hook me up I don't have time for no games Look here I stompin in this bitch I'm chompin' a new fit I'm bound to snatch a hoe and make her monkey on this dick Look at what ya facin partner A whole nation  Of niggas that's mind damaged ????? paper chasin' With that iron I'ma roll wit em Mama don't pray for me I don't back down from no nigga They got a place for me Lil Wayne: See I want millions, hundreds and big thousands Tryin' to rain clout and third ward public housin' Uptown streets is where all my ends meet Give me 9 9 G tryin' to see my destiny I do it all to ball drop the phone if I call See I'm livin' real large eventhough I'm real small But don't let that fool ya Money rules everything around me Creepin up silent behind ya that's where ya find me I ain't hear for a lil I want the whole damn spot I cock my glock and have ya plot so I turn out to the top Nigga be runnin' with money Things you doin' I done done it 9 9 point 5 mil big deals keep it comin Slugs hummin' chopper gunning catch the vapor from the laser Infrared fled big bread money maker Pop a slug barrell shaker for big paper Big ballin' life taker for big caker Ben Franklin, bank televancin' big bankin Bust 'em ???? em, left stankin' ship sankin' Ain't no such thing like see another nigga come up But if I don't know that other nigga, then his come up is my stuff Call it a bluff if you want, but come and test for ya own See how quick model homes leave home and ???? Roam to the top, slip up and get buck Get out my way, fo' I spray I'm tryin' to live up B.G.: Young thugger, baby gangsta Thug or get popped Off top Aim my pistol straight for head shots I release the safety, if ya chase me Best waste me Don't hunt bitch down in ya way Or ya make me Reverse the game and wax that ass Stop you from playin'  I clear yo block on that ass Nigga wonder why I stress Uptowns the place It's the best We got weapons that'll go through ya vest Get left wet Disrespect it's beef fo sho  Got back up, from the Mac Melph Calio You got coke, and don't wanna go broke VL it Cuz around me bitch I'm doin bad ya can't sell it B.G. terrorize 4 niggas ya dig Bitch niggas get split  If you got change on ya wig I'll take the hit Real fast and quick 226 my clique Cash Money the shit Project heroes Bout 6 zeroes Makin' records is the front we got 10 kilos Unload reload If ya ball you fall If I jack you I don't want half I want all Stand tall for mine Nuts hang I'm real My skills outstandin'  Kill or be killed Niggas out to give me the blues Let 'em kill me, I refuse I'm down for killing But the one of I was accused I leave ya funky I put my trunk-y Hair by a monkey So what ya self cuz I'm down to act a donkey In the N.O. town, jackers 3, 4 deep Put ya sleep if ya playin' wit a QB Bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/Magnolia Shorty, Manny Fresh Album: Solja Rags Song: 3rd Ward Solja Typed By: Ltsjet@aol.com First Verse [Juvenile]: You gone take them 5? Or you gone take them to the trial? And go get denied?  By that probation and you just got, caught with that fry That alibi ain't gone work, Ain't it somethin' how them niggas from out that three be doin' that dirt? Score a quarter from oh-oh, rock it up by four-four, Then you can go in them hallways and smoke that fire all day Shhhh....be quiet, Tonight is the night that we ride, Thirty camoflauge hummers with niggas inside With choppers, doin', surgery on bodies like head doctors Be quiet, cuz they mad tonight, we gone act a ass tonight, I'ma take a body to that project for a sacrifice, That Calliope got that dope for less, Fuck around that bitch if you want, and get left, Brains hangin' off the steps, people cryin', Second line, T-shirtin', feet hurtin' from all of that twerkin' Chorus [???]: Calliope thug 3rd Ward Solja Melphanine thug 3rd Ward Solja P-S-E thugs 3rd Ward Solja Wild Magnolia 3rd Ward Solja Second Verse [Juvenile]: I'm an optimal smokin', chopper totin', Bustin' caps wide open, Top of line coatin', reebok sportin', Expedition corner spender, Big fine woman bender, put the weight in the blender Got big bags by rillas, Shiesty like a splinter, and empty out the braids in the center, U.P.T. fader remember, Follow me, follow me, Follow me now bitches we be some Hot Boys... Run up on the 3 and you will get stopped boy Follow me now bitches we be some Hot Boys... Run up on the 3 and you will get stopped boy Follow me now bitches we be some Hot Boys... Run up on P-S-E and you will get stopped boy Follow me now bitches we be some Hot Boys... Run up on the third and you will get stopped boy Follow me now bitches we be some Hot Boys... Run up on the U and you will get stopped boy Chorus Third Verse [Manny Fresh & Magnolia Shorty] [Manny Fresh] I'm from the seventh ward, and I believe in God, I drive seven thirty-five's and I love these broads I wear Girbaud jeans, and I bought my green, Camoflauge over our eyes that's how we do these things, I run with Juvenile, that nigga so wild, Get buck like the fuck I'm glad I use Dial, Now who the fuck I are? I'm a superstar Ca$h Money rules everything around me bruh [Magnolia Shorty] Shop on that Ramp, shop in the Lio and Josephine, Shop in that Nolia, that Valence Street and P-S-E, They got some Hot Boys that represent that U.P.T., And where they be, three hundred and fifty degrees Shop on that Ramp, shop in that Lio and Josephine, Shop in that Nolia, that Valence Street and P-S-E, That got some Hot Boys that represent that U.P.T., And where they be, three hundred and fifty degrees Chorus [Crowd of people] Gert-Town, Downtown, and Holly Grove can't fuck with the Melph and the Calio I told ya, I told ya, them boys don't want beef with the Nolia, And I warned ya, and I warned ya, Can't fuck with that 10th ward St. Thomas, And on the V.L., and on the V.L., can't fuck with them boys on V.L. Apple and Eagle so real they come, that's the only real niggas in Carrollton, Gert-Town, Downtown and Holly Grove can't fuck with the Melph and the Calio I told ya, I told ya, them boys don't want beef with that Nolia, And I warned ya, and I warned ya, Can't fuck with that 10th Ward St. Thomas 3rd Ward hoe, Mac and the Melph, Calio 3rd Ward hoe, Mac and the Melph, Calio 3rd Ward hoe, Mac and the Melph, Calio 3rd Ward hoe, Mac and the Melph, Calio [Juvenile] Lights on, mask on creep silent, Lights gone, we done left your block quiet, Lights on, mask on creep silent, Lights gone, we done left your block quiet, What you niggas know about them 3rd Ward thugs? What you niggas know about them Holly Grove? What you niggas know about them Hot Boy thugs? What you niggas know about CMR thugs? Ahhh, you bitch you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ B.G., Bulletproof Album: Solja Rags Song: Welcome 2 Tha Section Typed by: Ltsjet@aol.com First Verse [B.G.] Is you bout what I brang nigga? Biggety-bang nigga? Get it through your head before I let it rang nigga Whoa nigga, you ain't a friend, you a foe, Hoe nigga, I gotta let the pistol go, Show niggas, that I ain't the one to blow on, I told ya nigga with the four four I get it on, I roll with niggas, that tote big chrome, Uptown V.L. off top niggas bustin' domes, Paper chasin', racin', to six figures, The law bitchin', I'm catchin' cases totin' triggers, Smokin' niggas, all theyself Locin' niggas, I'm chokin' off the optimal still ropin' niggas, Scopin' niggas, cuz I'm the same broke nigga, Snort dope but I still maintain sellin' coke, Spin dressin' holder, blunt smoker, Snort a lil' doper, A.K. toter, I'm a spittin' I'm a solja, Take it off your shoulder, Respect nigga I'm a solja, take it off your shoulder, Uptown clown, gettin' so dirty, Respect my fuckin' mind, gotta get my nose dirty, Playa haters wanna kill me, Juvenile I know you feel me, I'm too smart to let em' steal me, Refuse to let 'em steal me, Nigga fuck ya, I'ma pluck ya, Struck ya, wasn't beware of the headbusters Chorus [Manny Fresh]: Headbusters, wig splitters, one time, Hot Boys committin' that crime, Welcome to the section of the Hot Boys, Look out for the infrared dot boy Second Verse [Bullet Proof]: S.K.'s, choppers, that's how we play, Ride all day, give up your spot for much yay I hear ya got it, shop close, we hit'cha block, Unload the glock, seventeen, we leavin' ya hot, Bodies drop, no more shop, in this spot, I made it hot bustin' with the glock non-stop I'm full of that block, a young G about my cheese, Jackin' for keys, frontin' back to real G's, Tryin' to make my mill, freeze, slip you get killed, The shit's real act a donkey behind a dope house deal, Straight from Uptown, real niggas we in the Wild, Yellow tape style, bound to make the nine growl, Bodies found in the dumpster, by the youngsters, Shouldn't trust a, Uptown head buster Chorus Third Verse [Juvenile]: Where the villains be, is where I stand, I'm comin' with that tillery, up in my hand Showin' you bitches the reason, that I'm the man, I'm stoppin' you hoes from breathin', you understand? Comin' with that A.K., full of that pure, A cold night in February I had that bitch like New Year, You better watch me cuz I be comin', With the drummin', a chopper, or a street sweeper or somethin', Bitch I'ma represent, my .45 pay the rent, You bitch you, you fuck with me it's a must you get'cha issue, I'ma be standin', in the Magnolia with the cannon, And sure to start damage, Watchin' these niggas, cuz they donkeys and fools too, Might look like they spooked, but don't let them niggas fool you, Every breath that I breathe would be beef, so I snorted, Then proceeded to make my enemy's life short, bout that, Pistol play, fuck what a nigga say, Two-twenty three's then breathe fire out the hallway, I found myself up in other niggas beef, Know that them T.C. niggas would die for me, We probably be, In an all-black fist full of that bitch, And a stroller suburban on the blitz, tryin' to get rich If in my way, I'm gone funk ya,  Imagine your body deteiorating in a dumpster, What you gone do? Ain't no runnin' when the Mafia finds ya, I'ma, UPS your death like the Unibomber, I can't sleep, I got so much beef in the game, Every hotel that I change I use an alias name, Me and B.G. on a hunt, full of that pluck, Two niggas with pistols, tryin' to make a come up, Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Solja Rags Song: Money on the Couch Typed by: Ltsjet@aol.com First Verse: I went through with the plan, now the man sendin' me grams, My coke organization still infestin' the land, No joke, built my Mama an estate in the Bahamas, Crops of marijuana protected by Big Timers, Hand, full of ice, it's gangsta's paradise, Expensive merchandise, I had to sacrifice for the glamourous life, Don P. for breakfast, Benz, stretches, and Lexus, Distribution of coke from Louisiana to Texas, Some fabricated, but fascinated by the way that I made it, Now my name is implicated with the greatest Wearin' the latest, leather fatigues and B.B.H., Brand new Mercedes, parked in front of my new estate, Twelve o' clock we gave him, caviar, is what we ate, Party with killas, paraphrenalia full of projects, Dope snorters or prospects, the rob your shop necks, But I gets pissed and send hits, don't fuck with my shit Wig split, the heel, whoever he roll with, Admit it, you did it, tongue too tied? Well say somethin' Nine's bustin', bringin' your platoon to destruction, Continue to hustlin', givin' up nothin' where the dope at? Crackers can get the Bauds at, because I'm pro Black, Think I'm a foreigner, he wasn't holdin' up his side of his deal, Alien gotta be killed, sent to the coroner, I'm sure he would have gone before the judge With somethin' concrete, to send me, cuz He was holdin' a grudge, fuckin' over a thug, Told my bitch I want him dead, Bring me his head, fill him with lead, Heard what I said? Don't betray me, I'll put you on the streets and make you weak, With carrots and stones up on fingers and your teeth, And built you a home next to the beach, And luxury cars we creep Here's the nine, I don't have time, make it discreet Chorus: Money on the couch, nigga Gimme everything, I'll pay your house, nigga Shut'cha mouth, nigga Put the money on the couch, nigga Gimme everything, I'll pay your house, nigga Shut'cha mouth, nigga Put the money on the couch shut'cha mouth, nigga Second Verse: I know that my cousin Lil' Kerzaw, He sold up outta his backyard, And sold up shit, from the seventeen all the way up to the Ninth Ward, You know he rolls up in the caddy, It's about that time to go roasts and vogue, I'ma go on the passenger side, fuckin' with every last hoe, Nigga Russ was up in that car shop, Ready to get all the seats fixed, Let me go scope me a kneefit, so I can go out to the Freaknik, Shit, I'm the lyrical genius, Drop down on your knees to the penis, The nigga be talkin' the shit about my family, but I never did seen it I'm larger than large, if you came home with two heroin charges, And I still got somethin' stashed in the garages, Y'all is petty, it's gone take two to fill my stamina, When I pass the camera, flash, fuck the amateurs, Ya better be top notch, or I'ma cock my rhyme glock, To wound ya, and paint your death with my autograph on your tumor, Chorus Third Verse: I'm straight from the ghetto, the Mac they make the foes shake, Then I left that spot and I went to the T, where the triflin' hoes play, They comin' to me and, they blowin' that funky fire, I'm grabbin' a beer and, them blunts be gettin' me higher, Due to my clique I walked to the front door, Hope it ain't them po-po's, I looked through the blinds, it went through my mind, "What I have to run for?", Nobody would want to test me, Especially comin' to arrest me, Old body and soul, it's a must I leave you cold, Keep it chilly chilly, when I'm jigglin' jigglin' money, Some niggas say okay, but you can say no way, I'm drinkin' for honey, If I wouldn't be kickin' these rhymes so funky, You and your crew would never have bought my shit like junkies, A part of a "ki" is all that I need, To get on my feet, up outta the weed, The capital "C", I do it for weed, and even a "G" for slangin' them kis, I'm puttin' in it your face, Juvenile lookin' for a bitch now, Don't have no time for no foreplay, I'm simply gonna lay this dick down Niggas be comin' with dope lines, Gimme the chance I'ma flow mine, I'm tearin' this bitch up in no time, No fuckin' ya up cuz you know I'm, Funky like a club that's filled up with fat men fartin', And never a bad thought in my mind, cuz I'm steadily plottin' Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Solja Rags Song: That's How it be Happenin' Typed by: Dirtysouth439@aol.com That's How It Be Happenin' That's How It Be Happenin' That's How It Be Happenin' That's How It Be Happenin' Now dis fool name of Terrel Seems he was doin' swell Over tha years where he sell was betta than clientele my niggas was gettin' big he slung eva since a kid and always got glamour rides for all of tha shit he did he had a bad attitude nigga selfish and rude one day he got in a fight in gloom and he gone killed a dude thats when A.T.F. got hot surveillance up on tha block they knew he was runnin' shop but dis nigga wouldn't stop terrel was a knucklehead he said mothafuck a fed look come if you wanna come and off with you bitches head surely dem people came git down on yo face and hand they took tha dope and choked terrel wit a rope man he thought he would go to jail 5-0 took tha bitch to hell they took tha dope and said he got crossed in drug sale [chorus] [that's how it be happenin'    that's how it be happenin'   i tried to warn my nigga but dem people but they snatched him   that's how it be happenin'    that's how it be happenin'   i tried to warn my nigga but dem people but they snatched him] tha next one is sharolin addicted to heroin gave birth to her son at 15 and now she scared of him look he was a balla' so that made her a stupid ho i heard he sold his dope out a house in the caliope stung her for much furl then shot it up his arm dat dope busst her heart and thats how sharolin left the world now guess what her son use he snorted boy(heroin) too he robbed some nigga dat brung drama to his whole crew dat multiplied enemies one of em' slangin' keys and they got boys who got boys that strapped with artillery's now he done on his knees beggin' lord help me please dat nite he got on dat dope and went out he was off his knees walkin' without a gun they caught him roun' hit and run pulled out dat Tommy gun knockin' holes in his fuckin' lung [chorus] nigga done throwed the cross and the boss be the nigga steped on so he hired 5 killas that snort up that heroin to keep his self from being affected whoeva mentioned his name got they head-bust on next shit that next hit he sent was up in the 2nd line dat lexus pulled up shells started flyin people started runnin' and cryin' lyin' in tha street was tha one that they came for bystanders got hit up so a kid in this drug war that was five so she couldn't survive homicides said where they at it happenin' on our side  but in dem' killas' eyes, they on dat dope so it ain't nothin reincarnation is the subject of that discussion shit somebody snitch dem people found tha location caught 2 out of tha 5 tha they got me down at tha station boss man say fuck dem niggas and show nuts one of dem niggas snitch one of dem nigga hush now tha boss gotta pack up shop and leave town cuz dem niggas that he know upstate a shank him down [chorus] he's mad cuz we bumped him my nigga jeff they jumped him i know one of dem niggas and when i catch em i'm gon' stump him look aw dis heart hea' don't pump no pussy i'll be forced to do something real bad if you try and push me i went to see my nigga zoe but he told me "ain't nothin" i say man dis long way i came in wit somethin' he came out wit one i say what is these called silver-sacks he told me no stupid-ass we call dem my nickel bags i bus one up wit him cuz he my nagua  at two in the mornin' some niggas was standin' beside us one of dem niggas had a glock i heard him cock it he told us shat the fuck up and empty out cho' pockets i droped it they grabbed it and got ghosted and layed low that jackin' happend so fast it fucked up my head zoe juvenile talkin...... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Solja Rags Song: Solja Rags (radio version) Typed by: Mike82122@aol.com (helicoptor sound) Juvenile: You 'bout dat paper You on top  You handlin' business You doin' swell Down with yo' partners to da finish Are you willin' To hit da streetz up and make a killin' Are you a villain Pushin' a Bentley makin' millions Do you do your time Without rattin' on your partners Do you kill your beef With a pistol or a chopper Is you da man Do you pay all of your bills Did you make a plan And won't stop 'till it's fulfilled Can you handle coke Can you handle dope Ain't afraid to go Even though you know Ya daddy, look ya Do you take care of yo' kids Is it clean in yo' crib Can't you stand to eat some ribs Ain't it scandalous how we live You ball with Cash Money Do you like Manny Fresh Ain't it jive how I rap Puttin' New Orleans on the map You brush ya teeth You on dem hoes You got dem Ree's on ya feet With them Girbauds Chorus x4: Then you a solja partner, put up a solja rag!!! Throw up a solja rag Put up a solja rag Juvenile: Now what's happenin' wit' you You knockin' them heads off too You do what a playa do You work in the Rochambeau You ain't scared to blast When you got dat iron wit ya Do ya twerk it fast You acts a fool You got ya ski mask And ya solja rag Look...  You ready to blow a bag Can you hustle like it's legal Can you avoid da people And hotwire a Regal You 'bout that evil Look... You on a ignorant trip When ya girl get flip Do you deal with her lip You like them Beamers You like them Benz 500s You like thmem Hummers You like them big fine womens You a playa ain't ya None of these cowards out could fade ya The ghetto made ya Dope fiends and junkies raised ya Do you sleep in suites Do you go shopping every week When you hit da streetz You got dem Reeboks on your feet Chorus Juvenile: Is you a paper chaser You got your block on fire Remainin' a G Until the moment you expire You know what it is To make nothin' outta somethin' You handle your biz And don't be cryin'  And sufferin' Your playaz is wit ya You got your girlfriends wit ya Since you was a kid, You was a instant wig-splitter You twinkle your slug You ain't no coward huh You stompin' ya box in the mud A Hot Boy microwave oven Tatooted up, booted up None of these sissys lovin' Your windows are tinted You got a g and a half and you ready to spend it You don't mess with them Nike tennis? You play with Barettas You got choppers up on the dresser You sleep in the Royal Sonesta You wanna hit Vanessa You believe in GOD But can you handle it when its hard And represent your ward You be stalkin' the boulevard Chorus Then you a solja Then you a solja Then you a solja Then you a solja You a solja partner, put up a solja rag Put up a solja rag Put up a solja rag Now march playa step Now march playa step Now march playa step Now march playa step Now march playa step Now march playa step Now march playa step Now march playa step Put up a solja rag Put up a solja rag Don't be no fag boy! Put up a solja rag Come blow a bag boy! Put up a solja rag Holla at me boy Put up a solja rag The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: 400 Degreez Song: Ha Typed by: tru4nolimit@yahoo.com That's you with that bad ass Benz ha That's you that can't keep yo' old lady cause you keep fuckin her friends ha You gotta go to court ha You got served a subpeona for child support ha That was that nerve ha You ain't even much get a chance to say a word ha I know i ain't trippin don't your brother got them birds ha You ready to bust one of them niggaz head ha You ain't scared ha You know how to play it ha I know you ain't just gonna let a nigga come and punk you ha Stunt and front you ha Straight up run you ha You know who got that fire green ha You know how to use a triple beam ha Shit ain't hard as it seems ha You keep your body clean ha You got a lot of girbaud jeans ha Some of your partners dope fiends ha You really don't want to fuck with them niggaz ha You come up with them niggaz ha You stuck with them niggaz ha (Chorus 2X) You a paper chaser, you got your block on fire Remaining a G until the moment you expire You know what it is yo make nothing out of something You handle your biz and don't be cryin and suffering You can't do nothing but love fresh ha You want to know what we gonna do next ha You brought my tape with a check ha You wearing a vest ha You tryin to protect your chest ha You spent 70 on your benz ha That ain't yours that's for your friends ha You wanna stop these niggaz from playing wit you ha You wanna run the block ha You wanna be the only nigga with rocks ha] You keep your gun cocked ha You count the money at the end of the night ha You on a three day flight ha You full of that diesel ha  You duckin them people ha Your face was on the news last night ha You the one that robbed them little dudes out they shoes last night ha You don't go in the projects when it's dark ha You claim you thug and you ain't got no heart ha You came in the Nolia on new years eve ha You got stuck in that bitch and couldn't leave ha It was hard for youto breathe ha (Chorus 2X) You a paper chaser, you got you block on fire  Remaining a G until the moment you expire You know what it is to make nothing out of something You handle your biz and don't be cryin and suffering You got a trespassing charge ha That dick got hard ha When you were looking at them little broads ha You don't know when to quit ha That's you with that shot calling shit ha That's you with that balling shit ha That's you that's taking them hits ha That hoe don't know when to shut up her mouth ha You gonna knock that hoe teeth out ha You done switched from Nike to Reebok ha You twinkle you golds everytime you leave your house ha Them income tax checks ha You bout to flip that ha You bout to go score you a gram ha You gonna treat your nose ha You bout to go put the dope dick on one of these hoe ha When you broke you drove ha  When you paid you got bookoo places to go ha You on top ha  You rob somebody shop ha You don't think you can be stopped ha You ridin in the Benz on 20 inch rims ha (Chorus 2X) You a paper chaser, you got your block on fire  Remaining a G until the moment you expire You know what it is to make nothing out of something You handle you biz and don't be cryin and suffering The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile  Album: 400 Degreez Song: Gone Ride With Me Typed by: lcpetro75@att.worldcom.com (Juvenile) I'm charging 600 for some big hoe You do business with me, you coming back to get more My shit is fire, cause it's jogging back to twenty-nine So when niggaz shouldn't have no problem 'bout me getting mine If you come at me with a shot I must say shop closed Motherfuckers try to get smart you gon' get popped hoe I buck with niggaz out the Jake like Will and Paco Have conversations for bitches until they got drove Picture me gently getting twisted off the indo Baby, Lil Wayne, B.G., and me committing sins though Better beware because we 'bout to spend a billion though Don't get caught out without the shit cause you will end though Me and my people got to hustle just to pay the rent Some of us not in the position that we say we in  Can't have no bill collectors through my residence That's why everyday I be running for the president All in I ain't another nigga, shits irrelevant You get your head busted for playing with my intelligence Yeah (Chorus) My nine is gonna die with me Pick up the supply with me Be up in the ride with me Do a homicide with me, who, me  My nine is gonna die with me Pick up the supply with me Be up in the ride with me Do a homicide with me, who, me My nine is gonna die with me Pick up the supply with me (Juvenile) You making shit more complicated than it should be You feel your death is coming soon only it could be Nigga got killed because they never understood me I know your block is similar to how my hood be This nigga with all of this playing getting on my nerves He calling me up on the phone saying he want a Burb I told his daddy that's not how I handle business, man How I know you not turning, say that you be with me saying Doing business with you I'm not even considering How to be in the safe get around that you niggaz in I move too fast, remember patience is a virtue And keep your eyes open cause niggaz gon' observe you They waiting for the perfect time that they can hurt you And if they catch you off your basis they gon' serve you I wonder if my people locked up still remember me I'm talking 'bout you laying in rotten penitentiaries All my niggaz (Chorus) My nine is gonna die with me Pick up the supply with me Do a homicide with me Be up in the ride with me, who, me My nine is gonna die with me Pick up the supply with me Do a homicide with me Be up in the ride with me, who, me (Juvenile) I already got you listening to what I said You better straighten up, there, soldier 'fore I bust your head Hoe if you got something you better not even show your face Cause a nigga been doing bad and might explore your place Look, you know you not a body cause they know you fake If you want to go to war I know what it take Come with a team of choppers, not no thirty-eight And we gon' turn this 211 into a murder case And me a Russell gon' get dizzy out the Thunderbird And start a nuclear revolution right up on your curb  niggaz keep fucking with me cause they know I'm hitting laws My truck is sitting on twenties, and I'm hitting broads If you get beside yourself, then you got to go You creeping on the C-M-P's that's not possible I hit a fifty out my chopper and I got some more You say you ready for me Woo-dey I don't really know Know (Chorus) My nine is gonna die with me Do a homicide with me Pick up the supply with me Be up in the ride with me, who, me My nine is gonna die with me Pick up the supply with me Do a homicide with me Be up in the ride with me, who, me My nine is gonna ride with me My nine is gonna die with me Be up in the ride with me Do a homicide with me, who, me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ B.G., Big Tymers Album: 400 Degreez Song: Flossin Season Typed by: Dpgc23@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Mannie Fresh playboy I know you love these diamonds (they beautiful ha) Nigga, "How You Luv That?" All that stuntin and frontin It's all about them diamonds boy [Baby] Nigga it's a pretty day, and it's flossin season Added six tires to my new machinery  Double R like to ball like it's no tomorrow  Pretty broads and we fuckin these superstars Chrome rims, niggaz ridin new Benz TV's, Cadillacs with the new fends Wet paint, niggaz takin trips to the banks Hittin malls spendin twenty G's like stars Rolex, PlayStations in the Hummer Just to show these stupid hoes that we worth somethin My stuntin name Evel Knievel, keep it real Let me pop a wheelie, hoes love stuntin cause I got love Gold slugs, stuntin cause we got love Motorbike button rims cause we livin right  Game tight take a tramp make her out a champ Overnight got the yole if your money right Solid TV's PlayStation with the B.G. It's all gravy playboy cause it's flossin season A million dollars ain't nothin to me nigga but a million hoes is game to me playboy [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Nahh nahh - flossers, let me see you rollin your rims Ballers, helicopters, bikes, and Bourbans It's on us, C-M-R are millionaires Let 'em know it's flossin season everywhere We flossers, let me see you rollin your rims Ballers, helicopters, bikes, and bourbans It's on us, C-M-R are millionaires Let 'em know it's flossin season everywhere [B.G.] I got to get my shine on, do it every time Seventeens on up, that's all I ride In ninety-eight, I been havin them hoes throwin up They don't know if I'm in a helicopter or in a truck I fuck they head up, cause I floss so much Police had me up cause a nigga so young (ha bruh?) But you know me nigga.. that ain't gon' stop B.G. nigga (at all) Cause the next day you will see nigga me in somethin else with a TV nigga (f'real) Fuck it, I'ma floss like that I got scrilla Come try to take it, you're fuckin with a guerilla I got a watch you can see from a block away I got a chain you'll see that'll shock the day  My click do what we say, we don't stunt wit it Off top Big Tymers gon' come with it Layin it down this month cause we got a reason (fo' sho') and we gon' rip shit up cause it's flossin season [B.G.] We flossers, what what what? I say we ballers, what what what? [Juvenile] This is the season for the flossers nigga Ride top notch shit, fuck what it cost you nigga Ain't got no TV's or CD's in it - I ain't gon' ride in it If it ain't no overseas type shits - I ain't gon' drive it  This ain't the summer to swing the top off This the season niggaz come out on them 20's and ball It ain't no secret I'ma stunter, like Evel Knievel Jumpin out Lex's and Hummer's, showin off for my people When I pull up in V.I.P. they say that's a nice car Bitches all in my face can't even make it to the bar Me, broke and assed-out? Never that man I got some shit up in my ear you can see from a airplane I don't think Super D. can pull a stunt like me Got karats on both of my pinkies, ten thousand ap-iece Today I might lay low with Kent I built my house in the East Fuck that, I'ma play bourban it's a thousand a suite [Mannie Fresh] Who had the, first bourban with the livin room set Who the only nigga you know that drive a burgundy jet How many cities you know, named after me? (uhh..) It's gon' be a bunch of them motherfuckers when I finish G Now baby - I know you missed us Big daddy light up a room like Christmas Shine like a light bulb - rich thug Let that little girl come over here and give a millionaire a hug McGyver ain't liver than a, Big Tymer  Big dick a million dollars and a, Pathfinder Mr. Betty Crocker cake maker, casino breaker Tell Shaq I got a half a mill' ridin on the Lakers Pack my bitches up and move to the hills Thirty days a month - thirty Automobiles The Lexus or Benz that come out in the year two thousand I got one of them bitches parked around corner by the housin The bike I got come out in the year two thousand ten Eleven fifty zoop with the batman fin The ring I got, Liberace want it  He couln't afford that bitch but I can afford to flaunt it Chorus [B.G.] We flossers, what what? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: 400 Degreez Song: Ghetto Children Typed by: Caddy24@aol.com Verse 1 In these times we gotta hustle cuz our pockets be hurt Lil niggas wanna get fronted from who got work Is she ready for that, you wanna wash the bus Let a nigga know where they at so aint no stoppin' us If you handle yo business right I'ma promote yo ass You bitch out and try to kite I'ma come smoke yo ass The shit that I'm givin' you they tryin' blood ta get The vicks be runnin' through because they love the shit So don't come with that no one bout it shit was cool Niggas tried ta rob me nobody was comin' through Snitches I can't have that Bitches I can't have that Riches you can have that Just bring me my cash back Look its all gravy with me go head and shine Thats how you play it with me ya big time All I want is the Gs With a trunk full of keys A benz on 20s You got something you can lend me Shit nigga I aint doing nothin' for me for free Can't put no trust in you niggas cuz yall be tryin' ta run G Cuz I don't like dreamin' bout makin' no cheese Wanna see my muthafuckin' bank account O.D.ed [(over dosed)] (Chorus) 2X Until then I'ma be thuggin' behind a project buildin' Smokin' that fire be with the ghetto children Plottin' on a way that we can make a million (million lawd lawd) Verse 2 Now I'm on some shit again Leave a nigga stranded like Gilligan Hundreds I'm considerin' Lex it for a millian Catch it nigga I'm killin'em They spot but I aint feelin'em My jacket off appearin them Some a say its numerary Parntnas in for sipperin' Juvenile is different Look at what I did to them Niggas wearin' reeboks instead of nikes and timbalands Bitch niggas I be tippin'em My mac 9 it be flippin'em Some of these niggas is tryin ta run G So I be gippin'em They would do the same to me Niggas aint no family Shit is all a game to me But nobody gone handle me 400 degreez Tottin' guns runnin' with me No wonder we need Mo money one could receive Nigga wanna deal with this christ I'ma put it open in his life Never should I fuck with me right Why you keep duckin' me shy I'ma knock ya head off Nigga tryin' ta get to ya fuck tryin' ta play it off You made the beef nigga so why is you scared If you mind yo fuckin' business then yo life would be spared I can't see it Nigga try ta make me out a bitch I can't be it I had a muthafuckin' problem with niggas like freed me You probably can save yall self but you can't save yall neighbors Um, and now I got cha spinnin' on round like a baseball playa Put on this the table I'ma hit'em a nine Foolish I had ta tame ta keep these niggas in line Look cuz I don't like dreamin' about makin' no cheese Wanna see my muthafuckin bank account ODed [(over dosed]) (Chorus) 2X Ask them niggas bout me  Bet them bitches know me Magnolia head buster out that wild T.C. I'ma young nigga Look at what ya done nigga You done made me mad Now I'm goin' get my gun nigga Betta watch cha tongue nigga Cuz I'm gettin' dumb nigga Killed one nigga  Represent where I'm from nigga See thangs don't cha never do fuck with a man his change or his mamma You do that you won't drama Fuck with a big tyma, fo sho you gone see I'm out cha which one of you boys want me I'ma keep it real with ya Ya say you the man, I know I'm the man and I'm ready ta deal with cha I'm prepared for the toe taggin'  Keep my reeboks strapped tight with my gibauds saggin' Now, I done rocked a couple of Gs and done flipped that two times I know I'm in a problem and they gonna persuit mine I got bills ta pay I can't be playin' with you jokers These youngsters somethin' else now ya bout ta get promoka You can't understand how a nigga my age Can hit the streets psyhced up bustin' with the twelve gage But I don't like ta dream about makin' no cheese In the future wanna see my fuckin' pockets Oded [(over dosed)] (Chorus) 1X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: 400 Degreez Song: Follow Me Now Typed by: Caddy24@aol.com I want me a mill To see just how it feel No worries bout no bills, negotiating deals Buy me some shit Stuntin' in this bitch 20s be on hit Everything legit I don't want no war  But I can take it far Put bullets in your car, whoever that you are Woodie get in line Make sure you aint gone shine We be slangin iron Everyday and everytime Just because I'ma bad I rammy after jags When I get a sack To niggas I'ma threat Keep on gettin' blowed Aint worried bout these hoes Boy you know thats cold The way I got'em drove Shinin' like white diamonds Nothin' but big tymin My situation climbing But simply cuz I'm rhymin' The shit done hit the fan They callin' me the man Ya'll boys don't understand This shit's going as planned Chorus: Now follow me now if you want it on Salute at ease, then you carry on Nigga drop and gimme 50 if you do it wrong I'm into weapons I control the dome Give me all my chesse With no static please Go off with these reeds In between your knees You playin' you gone learn Yo partners aint gone turn Right after you get burned We gone get them some churn I'ma tell you once I'm bout pullin' stunts Got golds on my fronts Stay full of them blunts I don't want be broke I gotta feed my folks Cuttin' niggas throats Then runnin' by these hoes Open up yo chase Let me get a taste A lot of niggas fake Can't let it go to waste I wont let it be Give that there to me All of ya'll gone see Me in luxury Look me in my eyes  Don't tell me no lies You wanna take my life You tryin' to get some trife None of you I fear I'm runnin' this right chea Aint gone shed no tears When you disappear Chorus: I try to leave that lone But you did that wrong You call me on the phone And told me it was on Now I'm in them streets Bringin' all that heat Straight to where you sleep Won't even let you eat Somebody gonna snitch And go out like a bitch But I'ma get'em quick And hit'em with my shit Them laws gonna try to bust But I don't give a fuck He would of shot me up If he'd of got me stuck I'ma take my charge Aint cryin' like no broad And holla at them boys  On the boulevard Woodie I'm in jail Get all off my mail See about my bail Get me out this hell So I can see the block And open up my shop I hope that bitch aint hot Nobody got my spot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Turk Album: 400 Degreez Song: Welcome 2 the Nolia Typed by: leotis@ims-2.smartworld.net, TruDebo187@aol.com [Juvenile] It's world war III where I'ma be with 2 stars better tighten up your act, you bout to get loose, fool Move all your valuables, cuz them boyz at your throat with them calicos I mean, me myself, i just don't wanna see nobody get hurt Wanna live? Keep your black ass from out of my turf You look like wanna of them boyz that ain't never been fucked over I'm bout to change that, send that boy to THA NOLIA  Put a pistol in his face, make em' empty out his pockets If he think we fakin, he gon' know after we cock it And come to the PJ's, if you wanna score something Get my peeps laid cuz we make motherfuckers catch the cut quick Might laugh with ya but we ain't to be trusted I tie my solja rag tight around my head man Now I'm gettin processed with a red band CHORUS (Juvenile) We release with amminition when our beef is in site Way up in your jurisdiction, bout to turn up the light No vest, no chest wootay, jeopardize your life Now we ain't got to explain it to ya, this for everybody Throw ya sets up nigga, throw ya sets up Throw ya sets up nigga, throw ya sets up But throw ya sets up nigga, throw ya sets up But throw ya sets up nigga, throw ya sets up [Turk] Solja's be camoflaugin' Hittin blocks realla, they be bout ridin YOu get chopped realla, at any timein' Cuz in THAT NOLIA they play tha game raw No more beats closin shop when the beef start Ah, ah, I don't think you're ready for these niggaz LDTC-6 coated wild willas Head bustas, and wig spltitas where I'm from Choppas max, with red dots in the drum Playinin it raw with dope That's how we play it, duckin Chris, flat top & big red Wootay ain't nothin nice Spin corners in broad light, can't move stiff like ice Get killed if the price on yo face, me & Juve burn with case, from the scene  with fled Take hits like black & moe did back in the dayz At night in tha nolia, niggaz be in tha hallwayz CHORUS (Juvenile) We release with ammunition when our beef is in site Way up in your jurisdiction bout to turn up the light NO vest, no chest wootay jeopardize your life Now we ain't gotta explain to ya, this for everybody Throw ya sets up nigga, throw ya sets up Throw ya sets up nigga, throw ya sets up But throw ya sets up nigga, throw ya sets up But throw ya sets up nigga, throw ya sets up [Turk] Nigga done flashed up, I had to deal with the bitch Catch em' down bad, and put some steel on tha bitch Let em' know this young nigga, ain't to be fucked wit 2 time I'm comin through, 1 time you gettin ya wig split When I release, aimin straight for your top Non stop hollin purse nigga, you gon' drop THA MAGNOLIA chest opena', glock toatera', block soakera' Down for a murdera' In tha rover, choppin ya down, put your sets up nigga Represent that uptown [JUVENILE] Fuckin wit theze real boyz, I'ma kill ya You don't want me hot at you, you know I'ma GORILLA I've been trained to get way low in the mud Molded on tha streets and used to runnin wit thugs Nigga you fuck wit Turk, you gotta fuck wit me what Where is you gonna be when them boks (reeboks) in tha mud Don't make me come down there and show one of you bitches Don't make me come down there and blow one of you bitches CHORUS (Juvenile) We release with ammunition when our beef is in site Way up in your jurisdiction, bout to turn up the light No vest, no chest wootay, jeopardize your life Now we ain't got to explain it to ya, this for everybody Throw ya sets up nigga, throw ya sets up Throw ya sets up nigga, throw ya sets up But throw ya sets up nigga, throw ya sets up But throw ya sets up nigga, throw ya sets up But throw ya side up nigga, throw ya side up But throw ya ward up, nigga throw ya ward up CHORUS (Juvenile) We release with ammunition when our beef is in site Way up in your jurisdiction, bout to turn up the light No vest, no chest wootay, jeopardize your life Now we ain't got to explain it to ya, this for everybody Throw ya sets up nigga, throw ya sets up Throw ya sets up nigga, throw ya sets up But throw ya sets up nigga, throw ya sets up But throw ya sets up nigga, throw ya sets up We release wit ammunition...we release wit ammunition When our beef is in site...when our beef is in site... We release wit ammunition when our beef is in site We release wit ammunition when our beef is in site When our beef is in site... Artist: Juvenile f/ Hot Boys, Big Tymers Album: 400 Degreez Song: U.P.T Typed by: tru4nolimit@yahoo.com B.G. & (Baby) Cash Money slangin nine nigga (Off top playboy) H.B's and The B.G.'s (What's happing little B.G. bring it to these niggas) (B.G.) When I got that iron in my hand I'm going to slang it When I got that drama on my mind I'm going to bring it I ain't backing down from no nigga that's hatin If the nigga say I ain't bout my buisness look here he hatin (Baby) Comin uptown playboy we gonna slang it  If I catch down nigga bad we gonna leave ya stainin Fuckin wit my H.B's nigga I'm gonna bring it Rollin uptown stay strap and keep thinkin' (B.G.) Cause a nigga get stolen Better yet get takin Paper is burn They come fast, ya cant shake it Picture this my brother Cash Money done went nation That come's from 7 hard years of dedication (Baby)  Fuckin with B.G. nigga  I'm puttin on your viece and I'm a kill me a nigga  That's believing worth 6 figures we call hard hitters We uptown riders and we real with this nigga (nigga) (B.G.) Police can investigate but they ain't gonna find shit But a 100 bullet shells without a fucking fingerprint This Hot Boy click laid back and spy on niggas We see them working on something look here we riders Ain't like working niggas Any block with a flussy That goes for the boss too We ain't got no picks to choose it We get cha if we gotta Wig split cha if we gotta I know you ain't got word that B.G.'s a rider So keep it on the D.L If you got keys don't serve nobody but off V.L 'Cause they play for keeps  A one way ticket to hizell  6 ft. deep It's a filthy dirty rizell On the U.P.T I was raised in the streets But I put it on my mind  By the time I was nine I was pushin nigga  I was slangin that nine (Lil Wayne) Na, Na, Na, Na Now them them don't want us  They know me and Turk don't fuss in the corners They already know that we brothers, Blood  Or whatever you wanna call it Click up wit my dog we get crazy like alcholics Plus we ballers So whatever we spin the Lex or Benz Its gonna be on twenny, twen, twens (Turk) Get off the block when we come nigga (nigga) To the lane  Shots that close shop when the bullets start sparying Run your mouth too much, better watch what cha sayin Like a nigga on the sideline, nigga we ain't playin (Lil Wayne) Na, Na, Na, Na Now why O why Lord The nigga wanna try and die Lord (Turk)  Niggaz wanna learn hard way Give it to 'em like that Make 'em suffer  Put that bitch wit a bag (Juvenile) I guess you probably standin there sayin, "Who's the muthafucka?" Nigga Juv's the muthafucka, thata bruise a muthafucka Either there's been a lot of cross-firing in the bricks And I'm gonna kill me a nigga If they put me in that shit  Look I'm gonna tell ya like I tell my folks Play with me if you want but Cash Money going broke Even if it means creepin up slow  Busting out shots out my black Volvo Fo sho, 'cause ain't nobody gonna run me I don't want nobody going to tell my mama when somebody done me She ain't bring me in the world for that She ain't raise no ho's She could have had a girl for that I been realized, I'm all in Surrounded by the camoufalge, in ballin Make a nigga recognize, I'm starvin Go in and do a homicide, you fallin, stop callin Cause ain't no peace treaties wodie You better leave that 45 at your house cause you gonna need it wodie I told you boy, I'm a souljah boy U.T.P up on my stomach from the Nolia boy (B.G. Talking) Slangin nine Fo sho nigga That's how we layin it down for the '98 all the way to the '99 Worldwide Slangin nine All you bus pass niggas better recognize (Juvenile Talking) This on here bouncin all out ya heard me Ask my nigga Prime nigga  Ask my nigga Lac nigga  Ask my nigga B Dog nigga  Ask Manny Ask Ruckus  Ask my brother Corey Ask B.G.'s nigga Ask Suga Slimm (B.G. Talking) You ain't got no muthafuckin heart Got the butcha knife chillin Slicing throats we doin it like that nigga Ah ha, Ah ha How You Luv That now nigga? What's up now nigga? Talk that shit now What, What's up I thought we was what kind of boys Nigga what, nigga who what, nigga ha (Juvenile Talking) I know yall gonna hear me all over the nation So this is for the East Coast, the South Coast, the West Coast, over the world Nigga ain't no beef nigga It's bout money Nigga if you ain't making no money I can't talk (B.G. Talking) Shut the fuck  Nigga ain't got no words for ya It's all about the fetti The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Juvenile f/ Lil' Wayne Album:	400 Degreez Song:	Run For It Typed by: dirtysouth439@yahoo.com (Juvenile) I be comin' up wit da glock toy You can stop boy You ain't heard I'm off tha block boy Chipp-pedy chop boy Off in ya cut is where I'm layin Ready fo' sprayin' Soon as I see yo face and hand I ain't wit dat playin' My daddy showed me how to play it in a situation My daddy tol' me I ain't shit wit outta occupation So I played the game Bust yo head if you said my name I had some of deez niggaz scared I came I kno' some niggaaz out tha (mag)nolia that'll ride fo' me I kno' some niggaz hollin' solja dat a die fo' me T.C., L.T., Magnolia and six Oh you want some of dat fire dope you can score in da bricks You disrespectin' my mind cuz you keep comin' short I might hitcha wit dat iron cuz you need ta be taught You keep showing yo teeth cuz you thank its a joke You mus thank deez bullets ain't real and you ain't gon git smoke (Chorus) Now if ya at dat second line and dem boyz gotta gun You betta run for it, run for it, run And if ya too deep in some beef and dem boyz bout ta come You betta run for it, run for it, run If ya ain't gotta strap but cho enemy got one You betta run for it, run for it, run And if you git into it wit a cash money brotha You betta run for it, run for it, run (Lil Wayne) I be in all black sometimes Sometimes I be jumpin out trees in camouflage Me and Juvenile got two keys we bout ta ride Dem boyz playin wit da U.P.T. well dey gots to die Man its that deep It's a tragedy That you can test me Heard I run in houses don't put it past me  Hell look boy you betta tell deez niggaz Fo' I mask up and try ta kill deez niggaz You'ont' want my stress troubles I be back in 2 hummers and 5 lex-bubbles Wa my big brother Juvy Tol' me not to eva letta nigga screw me Tol' me if I eva did he would do me Gave me two guns and sent me round dey shootin' And then they start runnin' Hardest niggaz on tha block started actin like a woman Tha 4-foot stranger in ya area bustin' Load it up and slide it in Cock it back pop it out we ridin ??? ? I'll run in a busta spot I'll sit on a busta porch I'll sleep on a busta block Apply five and then let go !Bang! Lil' cowards keep playin, get hurt Motha-flirk see I'ont' curse But'll wet up yo shirt Look all my enemy's see me comin All my enemy's peeeeeeeeeuuuunggggggghhhhh be runnin' (Chorus) (Juvenile) You thank I'm playin-a somthin Lil Woo dey' I ain't trippin' Tha beef started last week and dem niggaz still be hittin' Two children got killed and a ol' lady got hit Look I'm bout ta git tha fuck cuz I ain' got no time fo' dis shit Now you can be comin' through And runnin to a gun if you feel That they ain't gon' do you shit cuz ya real I'ont' wanna be witcha when its hapning either I probally be some where ducked off takin a nap wit my people I'd rather see it on T.V. than see it in person Having my fucking' head hurtin' When dem 30's be burstin' Bet if yo beef see ya he ain't gon wait fo' ya dog Our all gon' try to rearrange ja face fo' ya dog 2nd line and round dem clubs ain't no place fo ya dog Dem same niggaz you come up wit playa-hatin ya dog I see em comin wit choppers and I know they gon' bust Lil' Wayne hol' up We kiting out sho' nuff' (Chorus) 2x Run for it Ya betta run for it, run for it Ya betta run for it, run for it Go git cha gun for it Ya betta run for it, run for it, run Run for it, run for it, run, run for it Run for it, run, run for it, run for it, run Get cha gun for it , gun for it, gun Get cha gun for it gun for it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Hot Boys Album: 400 Degreez Song: Ha (Hot Boy Remix) Typed by: coreydt@bellsouth.net [Juvenile] Hmm... You better run for it, run for it, run! Run for it, run for it, run! Run for it, run for it, run! You been known for fuckin it up, ha Them bad-ass 20's on your truck, ha, cost seven and up, ha You tryin' to stay from out that place, ha Make sure you got your money straight ha, before it's too late ha You want your Momma livin good ha Move your children out the hood ha, to up in the woods, ha Baby post seventy off the hook, ha Manny Fresh has possession, supposed to be up in the book, ha Juvenile got them looks, ha; but you too scared to fuck with him  cause he be runnin with them crooks, ha I'm the one, ha Stick a fork in that nigga cause he's done, ha for flippin the tounge, ha You got a probation hole, ha You got money for bail so now you ready to roll, ha You bout to buy you a car ha, a ninety-nine ha One that look somethin like mine ha (Chorus 2x) You a paper chaser, you got your block on fire Remainin a G.. until the moment you expire You know what it is.. to make.. nothin out of somethin You handle your biz, and don't be cryin and sufferin [Turk] We got this thing locked, ha Cash Money can't be stopped ha, them Hot Boys too hot, ha And you like my Rolex watch, ha And the way I hit the block ha, in camouflage with glocks, ha And you like it when we stunt, ha Smokin blunts, ha You be lovin them gold fronts, ha We millionaires, ha Not far from billionaires, ha Got different broads everywhere, ha [Lil' Wayne] You heard 'bout Lil' Wayne, H-O-T B-O-Y, ha Shorty with the braids for Cash Money gon' pop, ha-uh I burn, ha, the hammer sits, ha, here come the blitz, ha A remix, ha, they from the Nolia I'm from the Grove, ha And you can catch me with Tolie and Mario, ha I represent the 2.. uh 2-6, ha It's guaranteed to be... foolish, ha Chorus (Repeat) [B.G.] You niggaz know I'm bout my biz, ha You niggaz scared for me to be in the presence of your bitch, ha You know I would raw dick her ha, take naked pictures ha then call up my clique and straight flip her ha You know my click number-one stunters, ha You know we 'bout it, flexin Lex's, Benz's, and Hummers, ha You know you fuck with me, you're dead, ha But don't lie, I fucked your baby-momma, and you feel played, ha You know that jailhouse is somethin, ha Bitch niggaz buckin, but when it go down, they run to the button, ha You know the B.G. ain't right ha; you love you hoe,  but she don't wanna get it right, and keep it right, ha It's goin' down in '99, ha You know fo' sho' that it Cash Money time to shine, ha You know I play the game raw, ha You know you slip up, I'ma take this beef shit too far, ha Chorus (Repeat) [Juvenile] Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh Let's say you're at a DJ, and them boys pullin' guns You better run for it, run for it, run You in the Magnolia, and my people pullin' guns You better run for it, run for it, run Run for it, run for it, run Run for it, run for it, run We'll grab the MAC-11 when we march, nigga, step Fuck with CMR, we gon' march, nigga, step Play with Manny Fresh, we gon' march, nigga, step Play with my nigga, Baby, we gon' march, nigga, step The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Lil' Wayne, Paparue, Turk Album: 400 Degreez Song: Rich Niggaz Typed by: lcpetro75@att.worldcom.com Why, why, why Why, why, why Why, why Cash Money, Rich Niggaz Look [Lil' Wayne] Loud pipes, big rims Nigga, that's my life When I pull up at the club sorry that's my night I know a lot of haters probably sayin that that's not right Well, my diamonds so much bigger So, that's my life Gleam, gleam Now, only carry big face and you hear the ching, ching Now, you can ask your wife and she will say the same thing And your children be amazed when they see me on the big screen Ha, ha, ha I crack myself up I know I talk lot but I can back myself up Got a little house on the beach that's where I shack myself up You ain't really got more money than me Think about it Let's just say somebody gave me a check to think about it So I just bought a new Rollie and got to take a link up out it And me with no ice is like a Prince concert that ain't crowded They see the Beam, and the truck, and the B-12 And we was next Then that's when I pull up in the B-E-L Le-Le-Lex Ha (1st Chorus) I'm on Fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiire Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot We on Fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiire Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot [Juvenile] Juvenile used to be R-E-T-A bound Now I be bustin these bitches head when I come 'round Acting like a nigga that ain't never had shit Look into my bed sayin that's a mad hit I'll damned if these diamonds and golds ain't shinin My Rollie ain't mine and my bank ain't climbin You lookin at a multi-millionaire in the flesh Might don't have it now, but I just got me a check I can walk it like I talk it, play it how I say it Teach it like I preach it; now, put that in your head Nigga, bet a thousand, shoot a thousand - ain't nuttin Smoke a pound, pop the Cristal and drink somethin Meet me in the casino, way in the back Losin money like a motherfucker, still shooting craps Tomorrow I'll be back, I got millionaire status We make so much money IRS be lookin at us (Repeat 1st Chorus 1X) [Turk] I got more ends than Bonnie have in a factory I'm Lil Turk, I'm living large, got the baddest hoes after me Picture me, a young nigga bawling out of control Playing with millions, laying in condos Nigga I shine, shine through the fucking week The flyiest ride with crystal in the passenger seat Don't hate me, 'cause I'm a little bawler Got more weight than Angola Fucking your girl Carla Nigga I stunt,  And I'm a stunt 'til I can't no more Chest lit up like the oaks From the diamonds I sport Yo, I can't be touched Don't think I'm too much, nigga I'm rich what the fuck Rolex crushed out with the bezel And all the foes that get close to me got to be on my schedule I got so much money I don't know what to do Buy isles and cars And break bread with my crew (2nd Chorus) I'm on Fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiire Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot We on Fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiire Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot B.G. on Fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiire Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot [Paparue] Uh, uh, uh Hear me It's like, monkey see, monkey do Rolling with the Cash Money Runners I stay true Cause when were running and climbing on the million-dollar scene Holding together, mo-de-ming, mo-de-ming When I bring out the rubber around the Hummer ??? Benz, or in the Lex Bubble When I start they said I had no fame Now all the girls just end up calling my name 10 G's to ??? Fax the contract to big Cash Money Cause you know this whole clique right with me They're right with me Sip-pe-di-dy Won't count the diamonds just around my neck X amount-a dollars on a bankroll check If you want to really come and sing with me Those that got me wicked, then I do some free For free! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Lil' Wayne, Manny Fresh Album: 400 Degreez Song: Back That Azz Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Juvenile] Girl you workin with some ass yeah, you bad yeah Make a nigga spend his cash yeah, his last yeah Hoes frown when you pass yeah, they mad yeah You gon' ride in the Jag yeah, with that head You could smoke a fire bag yeah, of grass yeah Got money I can flash yeah, and trash yeah I'ma Big Tymer nigga yeah, pull the trigger yeah A playa hata flipper yeah, grave filla yeah I be slangin wood yeah, out the hood yeah Let it be understood yeah, it's all good yeah Got a nigga scheamin large yeah, on the hard yeah A smooth little broad yeah from out the projects A nigga do a trick yeah, on the dick yeah You claimin you want a picture, that ain't shit yeah The nigga with the money yeah, don't act funny yeah Got birds and I'm runnin yeah, bout a hundred yeah Chorus: Juvenile (repeat 2X) Girl, you looks good, won't you back that azz up You'se a fine motherfucker, won't you back that azz up Call me Big Daddy when you back that azz up Hoe, who is you playin wit? Back that azz up [Juvenile] Girl, you looks good, won't you back that azz up You'se a fine motherfucker, won't you back that azz up You got a stupid ass yeah, make me laugh yeah Make a nigga wanna grab that, autograph that I'm sweatin in the drawers yeah, hard and long yeah Wanna walk it like a dog yeah, break you off yeah Get - mine you gon' get yours yeah, that for sure yeah You fuckin with my nerves yeah and to the curb yeah I know you bitches know yeah, and it show yeah But a nigga got some more yeah, I'm out to flow yeah Fresh brought some shit yeah, and his bitch yeah We be making hit yeah after hit yeah Them titties sittin nice yeah, I wanna bite yeah I could fuck you right yeah, all night yeah Wanna bring it to my house yeah, on the couch yeah Knock the pussy out yeah, get them out yeah I wanna see these hoes yeah, bend it low yeah Let me run it in the hole yeah, and let me know yeah Chorus [Manny Fresh] I know you can't stand it, dick bandit Done landed, see your drawers handed Freak to get it y'all, game spit at y'all Put the bitch on the wall and I hit it y'all Lookin kind of lonely, I'm feelin horny Put the dick "in the Middle" like "Monie" Big thick plumber chick, and a Hummer chick Beat the dick like a motherfuckin drummer chick See dat puddy-cat? Look at dat I love a fuckin hoodie-rat, that's a fact You'se a motherfuckin get it girl, quit it girl I'm the nigga, the nigga, nigga, that hit it girl Chorus [Lil' Wayne] Now now now now now After you back it up, then stop Then wha-wha-what, drop drop it like it's hot Now after you back it up, then stop Now, wha-wha-wha-what drop it like it's hot Now drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot C-M-B make you drop it like it's hot Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot Ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Big Tymers Album: 400 Degreez Song: Off Top Typed by: Caddy24@aol.com, sugarmomma@bolt.com [Juvenile] Wodie we get down but to a certain extent All that cha shoin' with them hoes be gettin my name bent I'm showin' you love but I love my money even mo Disrespect me or play me off the top you gotta go My people played me, we ain't getting down no more Look that aint how its 'posed to be but thats the way its gone go I aint with that front shit That playin' with gun shit That fuckin' with niggas who think they run shit All that tongue shit When my gun click, niggas silencing down You was hollin' like a motherfucker bitch holla at me now Peep, what made a nigga wanna go and mess with me bone And he gettin' on my nerves, I'm bout to go in his home Bitch my brother aint no hoe Bitch my mother aint no hoe Bitch my father aint no hoe Why you try ta play me like a hoe Shit, I might as well just go head on and bust his head Cuz them people gone give me the charge anyway  If he come up dead Now tell'em bout that beemer I got Tell'em bout that new home I got Tell'em bout that Cutlass on chrome I got You ta show ya shit  Thats why you showed you was a bitch Now you runnin with yo melon cuz you know you gone get it split [Baby] Niggas ridin' impala's with them rattler stripes Passin' hollin at hoes with the fuck finger sayin fuck'em black I'm stackin' Gs movin keys thats my life black Niggas orderin' vests Just ta protect they chests And duckin' these niggas tryin ta use they smith-n-wessons Playboy, I'm ridin' in suburbans To Land Rovers to Range Rovers, niggas with automatics Niggas ridin' big bodies I done did that I'm ridin' jags drop top and I can do that I'm lettin' these hoes hair blow if they got that I don't fuck with bald head hoes I aint with that I talk shit and I got the cream and the jewels to do that I walk it like I talk playboy you can believe that The new ice, yellow diamonds and I'm loving that Blue diamonds Big Tymin and I'm with that I done made more money independent than a major nigga went gold I put that on my soul and my gold And my 20 inch rims on my Range Rover with TVs And I'm lovin' these hoes I flip mo keys  than a acrobat ten nigga you can believe that Me and my brother go rock for rock Walk block for block And if we got beef with a nigga we'll go glock for glock No mo sellin' keys on the d.l. I wanna holla at v.l. Lets say rest in peace to L and T nigga [Manny Fresh] I live my life on full Unzip my pants and I pull  A big dick baby You look sick maybe You can use a nigga that'll hold ya hand I tell ya what ya suck my dick I'll be your man Now here it is diamonds for the bithces that I fuck Not , I get the pussy make like donald and duck To the next project scattered site or crib Slangin' dick where you live I don't really give, a precious second of my pimp playa time You can taste the kool-aid but don't drink the wine Holy Roley diamond bezel, 20 inch whezel 98 cromed out gangsta grizeal Take one of my bitches and I'm fuckin Sistas anties grandmas and cousins Mommas baby mommas family members and all that shit If the bitch need guidance them I'm her pimp [Manny Fresh] Whoa check this out ya dig Its a lot of niggas out here baller blockin see what I'm sayin' standin' in the way let the fuckin' ballas through see what I'm sayin ya'll niggas had the catalogs see what I'm sayin' now pass that bitch on man  let a real nigga you know play his thang man  its some niggas out here ridin' on 20s ya dig on yokahamas skinnys and all that kinda shit see what I'm sayin'  I mean wood ever fuckin where See what I'm sayin' bro you love that huh.  [Juve]	Yeah I love that [Manny]	Convertable tops  [Juve]	I love that Cash Money symbol on my chest  	and these diamonds shinin' from here to Magnolia Projects  	Ya heard me? [Manny]	That's what I'm talkin' bout man aint nothin' like man,  	Cause you know sometimes I let these lil girls  	lick my chains man you know  	You can't be kissin on me but you can kiss my diamonds  	and shit aint nothin' wrong with that that's beautiful baby  	That is truly beautiful 	This shit is pimpalicious see what I'm sayin  [Juve]	I just love that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: 400 Degreez Song: 400 Degreez Typed by: Caddy24@aol.com (Robotic Voice) : 400 degreez Verse 1: Ya see me I eat sleep shit and talk rap Ya seen that 98 mercedes on t.v. I bought that I had some felony charges I fought that Been sent to no return but still was bought back Nigga threw some slangs at me woodie I caught that I punished them lil bitches before they can car jack Now I'm lookin for they family and pile up the war bat If I aint a hotboy then what do you call that Nigga disrespect me I'ma be in all black Companied by some niggas bout killin' and all that Me Cory and mercy gettin' dunked on Ride top down so we let the trucks pause In the jepp ridin' four deep I booted up at these nigga claimin' they know me [Chorus] (Robotic Voice)    You don't want to fuck wit me    Hot, Hot, Hot Boyz    Hot, Hot, Hot Boyz  (repeat 2x)  Verse 2 Bitch what I'll bust yo ass up Don't even go there woodie cuz I'm ready to mas up I heard about the money thats some nice change For the right price I'll bust the right frame Why must a nigga try I can't do the right thing Only God knows what the future might bring Nigga might be shot, nigga might be triffling Nigga might survive if he bout that right flame Whats up that'll stop a nigga from playin' Sumin like a chopper or a grenade in his hand  Boy look nigga don't play no games no mo  Nigga'll bust ya head if you bang his hoe  Attitude adjustments we all need Don't call the enforcements nigga call me I bet cha I'll get them niggas off yo block I bet cha I'll show them niggas this boy hot (Chorus) Alright stop it cuz I done had enough When it comes to my partners I'm ready to bust Baby let me get the keys to the roover truck Man let me get this beef shit over bro Aint no bit this year I'm from the 'nolia bro Whats yo beef plan cuz it was told to us How I'ma be runnin' with these killas and backin' down How I'ma look in front of my people, like a clown The G code what we live by and we die by The book is what we will never abide by Niggas drive by, gettin loose Keep'em with each other like a checker board in use Come in compton or the watts nigga Up in New York ya keep'em open watch nigga Foe ya played by a hit or retalion All fine young black females stallions Give me the keys to ya car and ya medallion You far away from ya home yous a alien (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: 400 Degreez Song: Juvenile on Fire Typed by: ducah@yahoo.com [Juvenile] Lets say I'm in a room with a bitch And the hoe don't wanna fuck Like a man I'ma beat my meat And get my fuckin nut Fo'sho she gonna be drove then And I'ma cut the TV off And got to sleep on that hoe then Now tell that to your girlfriend You tell her everything else She goin to be with her boyfriend You goin to be by your damn self While I'm in my benz with your friend And she bout to get nervous Baby I don't want nothing But some mouth and lip service Don't act bad Don't get mad Thats all I can do with you Cause I don't want your ass Look you kinda fine With a nigga name on your spine Now respect my fuckin mind How I'ma hit that from behind Got a hoe across the court And Molly boots the next door I'm getting tired of you rappers Its time for me to restore I done fixed these bitches house up And have them living swell But and still a nigga like me was eating a taco bell But after that shit All that trick shit I stopped it And lock my fuckin pockets You can't kick it or pop it Now I get what I can get Out of these hoes and I'm up And if she wanna flex up I'ma back the hoe up Chorus: repeat 4X Girl thats Juvenile You don't know he on fire 17 inch Momo's like magic on his tires [Juvenile] See I know how to treat a hoe Just talkin and great a hoe Niggas know I don't need a hoe Don't mix up your people hoe If I tell you do something You better do what I say If you plannin on playin me Better get out my way A bitch will get you killed Thats the way I think From some old bitch ass nigga Trying to receive my bank Pussy come and it go It been like that before I got here Pussy don't wait for me or no nigga But its gonna stop here For a little while So I'ma get what I could And if she bout sucking some dick I ain't hatin its all good Now can I get that out you It ain't hard to do You a fine muthafucka And it starts with you I'm trying to fuck something till it can't see What I'ma show you with this dick You gonna thank me A nigga gonna be like that untill the moment I retire Ask them bitches bout me And they gonna say that I'm on fire Chorus [Juvenile] If I even fuck with a bitch She gonna know Not to conversate with niggas And to open my door My business is my business It ain't to be heard My niggas is my niggas So you don't say a word And you don't touch my shit You don't drive my shit I got dope in the house And I hide my shit I have bad nerves I hope you don't try my shit Do right and nice things I'ma buy my bitch Some bitches you gotta play'em with a long string You play them close And you gonna be bangin wrong things You got something that I hear you don't wanna bring You not a muthafuckin player you a punk main Let me get one of them hoes up on this dope dick Stop handcuffin that bitch let her approach this You know when Juvenile comes he has to smoke shit I'm on fire on fire And you know this Chorus 1.5X [Juvenile] You can fuck my bitch You can fuck my bitch You can fuck my bitch You can fuck my bitch Let me fuck your bitch I don't love that bitch I don't trust that bitch You can fuck my bitch Let me fuck your bitch I don't love that bitch I don't trust that bitch You can fuck my bitch Let me fuck your bitch I don't love that bitch I don't trust that bitch You can fuck my bitch Let me fuck your bitch I don't love that bitch I don't trust that bitch You don't know he on fire You don't know he on fire You don't know he on fire You don't know he on fire [Hot Hot Hot Hot Hot Hot Hot] My bitch is your bitch My bitch is your bitch Your bitch is my bitch My bitch is your bitch My bitch is your bitch Your bitch is my bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Jay-Z Album: 400 Degreez (Re-Release) Song: Ha (Jay-Z Remix) Typed by: bizzy_manson666@hotmail.com [Jay-Z] Bounce, bounce, bounce J-j-j-j-j-Juvenile and Jigga The remix [Juvenile] You at the point of no return, ha If your daddy get out the way with you,  you gon to let him learn, ha Life's a bitch, ha Niggas be fakin but you ain't givin em shit, ha You stealin the bricks, ha You got a wife and three kids, ha But you be fuckin around right in the neighborhood you live, ha You own a truck, ha With tv's and cd's rimmed up, ha Fuckin em up, ha You won't be stuntin on your cell, ha Get your partner some money orders and commence to jail, ha You bout ready to roll a draw, ha Some of that drove, ha You bout to get you some more, ha You that nigga with all that cheese, ha You that nigga that whipped that girl and she called the police, ha You understand, ha You ain't gon cry like a bitch, you gon be a man, ha Where ever you stand, ha [Chorus] X 2 You a paper chaser, you got your block on fire Remaining a G until the moment you expire You know what it is, to make nothing outta something You handle your biz and don't be crying and suffering [Jay-Z] You done got yourself in some deep shit Now you stuck in your house, you gotta peep the remix You can't go out cuz they gon leave you in a deep ditch And hit you with the sign if you decide to keep shit The only reason you alive cuz you read lips and you drove on the block low in yo' seat an' shit Seen em mouthin off, they don't need this shit Now they sick of you duckin, dodgin, and weavin and shit How they call you when you don't return they beeps Now they ready to kill you and all your peeps You done fucked around with some wild niggas You done fucked off the dough and Juvenile and Jigga's You better get it back, or sleep where the river's at They send shots through your fifty cap They got big guns that go brrrrrrrap, brrrrrrrap, brrrrap Where your niggas at? [Chorus] X 2 [Juvenile] You gotta get up off your ass, ha And make the cash, ha And stay away from them bags, ha Two and two done come together, ha Juvi and Jigga, ha Straight up guerrillas, ha That nigga Manny Fresh a fool, ha He be playin it to the bitches on every song he do, ha My fuckin album going plat, ha You bought the tape, ha Tell em ain't none of it fake, ha You got a shipment coming in, ha During the week, ha Got a little something for me, ha You boy and them be drawin heat, ha But that's your wootie so you gotta find you someone to creep, ha Nigga tired of livin fast, ha Your boy hit the stash, ha Now you wanna go bust his ass, ha You keep it real, ha You don't fuck with no nigga but you will kill, ha You know how it feel, ha [Chorus] X 2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Tha G-Code Song: U Understand Typed by: Mike82122@aol.com CMR bitch. G -Code nigga, G-code nigga, G-code nigga Juvenile: I ain't no pussy ass nigga (ya understand) I'm a rapper but I'm still a gorilla (ya understand) I'll whip ya like the Thrilla Manilla (ya understand) You gon' make me have to kill me a nigga (ya understand) I'm a be here for a minute lil wodie (ya understand) Ain't bout to let nobody fuck over me (ya understand) I don't need ya playa hatin' on Juvey (ya understand) Don't be talkin' about what you gon' do with me (ya understand) I'll ride everyday of the week (ya understand) Ya get ya issue when ya playin' with me (ya understand) I'll crawl at the spot that ya sleep (ya understand) Get with my niggas from the block and we creep (ya understand) Load it up cock it back and get ready (ya understand) Make sure you be holdin' it steady (ya understand) We gon' go in there and blow the bitch up (ya understand) Soon as we get 'em we gon' all get the fuck (ya understand) Chorus: Juvenile (repeat 2X) Shhhh, be quiet Tonight is the night that we ride 30 camoflauge Hummers with niggaz inside with choppers, doin - surgery on bodies like they doctors Juvenile: I know when to get my ass outta Dodge (ya understand) Look them people ridin' I'm gonna hide (ya understand) I'm a wait until them bitches slow down (ya understand) Cuz I ain't tryin' to be jail bound (ya understand) It ain't over till the fat man fall (ya understand) I'm just waitin' on the right phone call (ya understand) You know them hoes gon' let me know where they at (ya understand) Nigga got me I'ma go get em back (ya understand) One by one they all gonna drop (ya understand) Right here is where the foolishness stop (ya understand) I'm tryin' to get the bullshit over (ya understand) Cuz I wanna go and chill in the 'Nolia (ya understand) We need to get some more ammunition (ya understand) Cuz somebody's bout to come up missin' (ya understand) Now everybody hop in the truck (ya understand) And when ya see one of them bitches ya bust (ya understand) Chorus Juvenile: Fuck jumpin' out I'm a slang me some iron(ya understand) When I catch them niggas all of 'em dyin' (ya understand) Nigga listen up to what we gon' do (ya understand) I'm about to give the game to you (ya understand) That's the reason why I came to you (ya understand) Cuz playin' ain't the thang to do (ya understand) It ain't that hard I did it before (ya understand) U just gon' make sure let nobody know (ya understand) I'll bet ya them boys wanna rep (ya understand) They tryin' to get the shit off they chest (ya understand) It ain't over lil daddy be cool (ya understand) Nigga tired of the nigga we through (ya understand) You know you better stay pretty cool (ya understand) We bout to go and punish this fool (ya understand) Hop out the car and let that iron ring ya understand) That's the end of this stupid ass thing (ya understand) Chorus 2X Shh be quiet Shh be quiet The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ B.G. Album: Tha G-Code Song: Fuck That Nigga Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Juvenile] We drink up all the brown, we drink up all the white  We go to all the spots, we be up all the night We'll tell a nigga, "Fuck ya!" and be waitin' outside for him Bust him up and see how many niggas gon' ride for him Play the project bricks and watch for the law Nigga come to my section, we to they section and ward We rep hard out the wards in stolen cars Spankin' niggas that be showin' off with they broads Nigga catch a felony... he takin' his charge Niggas turnin' state... we rapin' the boy It's a hard life we livin'... they 'bout they drama We earn stripes for killin'.. I'll attack like a rhino Some of the time... motherfuckers be off they bases Way out they boundary in unfamiliar places Lookin' like a duck, seein' all the wrong faces But we know the rules and could be strapped in SK's (Chorus2x B.G.) Man, pop that nigga Man, kill that bitch Man, shoot that nigga Man, spank that bitch Man, down that nigga, execute that bitch Put fifty rounds in that nigga is what'cha do that bitch [Juvenile] Stay from 'round here, I tell ya.. these niggas ain't cool Ain't no love for outsiders, everybody's a fool We be duckin' off in the hallways.. and in the cuts Gettin' the fuck when ATF is pullin' up People in the projects say, "Them niggas ain't shit" They hustle all night for brand new outfits You're fuckin' right... that's how it is on the block Grilled up, t-shirt, 'Bauds and Reeboks Camouflage around the neck and the dome Fucked-up attitude totin' a chrome Fighting for weed, nigga ain't ever goin' home Tryin' ta get it how he live with a bundle of (?) We ain't tryin' ta see the jailhouse But if we do we hope we be able to bail out Know what I'm sayin', lil' daddy We need a lick, come up in the whole brick Kick in a nigga door and punish the whole clique (Chorus2x) [B.G.] Come through the hood where ya hang with a K, and when I see ya What I'ma do to ya, I know I wouldn't wanna be ya Split your head in half, nigga.. leave ya stressed in the street Hit ya everywhere in your body but under your feet I play it raw when I'm in beef, I'm a Hot Boy that's heat Get it how ya live is how it is where I be Fuck a nigga's how I feel, no nigga steppin' on my toes Without feelin' !BLOCKAH! !BLOCKAH! from four-fours I'm a dog, with a gun in my hand I cut loose You're on the other end of that pistol, it's on you Get hit up.. chopped up.. did somethin' awful Zipped up, boxed up, put straight in a coffin Ain't part of my clique, fuck ya nigga Don't please me I don't love ya nigga, you're no good, playa I don't trust ya, nigga To me you ain't nuttin' but a bust nigga, what (Chorus4x) [B.G. talking] Ya heard me Put fifty rounds in that nigga's what'cha do that bitch Fuck him, ya heard me (fuck him) Fuck his whole clique, nigga (fuck 'em all) Ya don't like me, I don't like you, nigga (I don't like ya, nigga) You don't like me, that mean you don't like my clique I don't like you, that mean I don't like you (!blockah! !blockah!) The niggas ya fuck with, the niggas you affiliate with, ya heard me Any nigga who speak to ya, nigga, back you up, nigga Fuck you and all them too, nigga, ya heard me It's Cash Money for life, ya heard me Fuck all them old bitch-ass niggas throwin' bricks (???????) (fuck 'em all) It's real over here, nigga, ya heard me (fuck 'em all) We got this here (fuck 'em all) and we holdin' this here down Ya heard me, we gon' keep it like that, though, ya dig, nigga Baby, Slim, Juvie, B.Geezy, Turk, Weezy, Fresh, ya heard me Joe Casey, Travey, ya heard me, all tha shots, nigga We comin' through, nigga We layin' it down, nigga, and we just doin' what we do Keepin' it real Cash Money for life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Hot Boys Album: Tha G-Code Song: A Million and One Things Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Lil' Wayne] What This.. this here's real, nigga It's real, nigga Too real Pay attention even though I'm young, nigga Look, look This one here's on tha up, dog For all my people with bad luck, dog Strugglin', tryin' ta make a buck, dog For all tha peeps who ain't with us, dog For all my niggas in Angola, stay tough, dog See, this from shorty on tha real I'm tired of seein' my niggas gettin' killed They hustlin' for a mil, nigga, hustle for your bills If ya think ya need help, holla at me, wodie, I'm trill If I got it ta spend, then I got it to give But listen, man.. I know ya see the ice glistenin', man I know it make you wanna go get it bad But ya gotta think 'fore ya move, partna 'Cause it'll make your ship sink and you will lose, partna I know you hate ta take it from a young nigga like me But I betcha can't name one nigga like me That's why I'm tryin' ta preach, my nigga And teach, my nigga If ya don't work ya don't eat, my nigga (Chorus 2x [Juvenile]) They got a million and one things that you could be doin' Than hangin' around this motherfucker talkin' to your children Get off your ass, lil' daddy, and go and get it It's starin' at ya right in your face, you ain't wit it [Juvenile] Look at ya, you're fuckin' up and I can tell it too What is ya smokin'? Everything a nigga sellin' you?! I know you could do better than that, and deserve more Ya use to be tight with your game back in '84 All tha hoes use ta jock ya Niggas use ta knock ya Stay a big shot, motherfucker couldn't stop ya Then ya went ta runnin' 'round tha project with them junkies Holes in your shoes, and your body all funky Lips all ashy, eyes popped out Spendin' your children check, takin' food out they mouth And you get mad with me 'cause I don't wanna give you ten I don't support your habit, nigga, y'all grown men I got kids ta feed, I got bills ta pay I got people comin' askin' for shit everyday I can't please everybody, but I love my folks If I give ya everything, baby, I'ma be broke (Chorus 2x) [Turk] Look... look.. look Where I stay, times is hard for a lot of my peeps Some of my rounds doin' bad.. can't even much eat Everytime I pass through, beggin' me for a dollar Thinkin' I owe them somethin', don't even wanna holla Nigga who use ta be ballin' ain't ballin' no mo' I can see they life fadin' away slowly for sure Niggas who I come up with get me full of that dope Use ta care about theyself, ain't care no mo' Niggas want me ta help 'em.. ain't helpin' theyself You must be out your mind if you ain't helpin' yourself Ain't no love loss... I just gotta stay my distance Gotta keep my mind straight.. before I come up missin' Gotta do my rap thing, and make my paper, mister Ain't gon' let nobody stop me from gettin' my six figures Gettin' my shine on, bling-blingin' everyday If you're not for tha right, stay tha fuck out my way, nigga (Chorus 2x) [B.G.] Everytime I hit tha block, it look like it get worse Make me wonder if V.L. and Magnolia got a curse My niggas still my niggas... got love for 'em all I hate to see that market ride they back and make 'em fall Somebody tell me, if I didn't have change and I was broke Would I get tha same attention when I'm in tha next four-door No, I don't think so, I'll be a equal nigga On the set, smokin' jo's, beggin' people for scrilla On the reala... if I could do it, then you could Lay your hustle down and make your way out the hood Ain't nobody gon' give no hand-outs, I swear Ain't nobody gon' pay tha bills in your house, I swear They don't care, ya gotta stand on your own, my nigga You ain't no child, look in tha mirror, you're grown, my nigga Do yourself a favor: leave tha heroin alone, my nigga And get your hustle on, nigga, get it on, my nigga (Chorus 4x) [Juvenile talking] Man, you could be out here tryin' ta do somethin', man I mean everytime we come through, man, I do somethin' for my people, man I give tha little kids a dollar or so, ya know what I'm sayin' I try ta do things for tha football team Try ta take care of my people Try ta show them how ta help theyself 'Cause they got a lot of problems The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Tha G-Code Song: Take Them 5 Typed by: hot_boyz@mail.com Juvenile: I hate to be doin' 5 but 10 even worse I'ma take it before the district attourney strike worse Beside he know what I did and they got evidence And I'm not about to play with them people inteligence Muthafuckaz try to stay, peep me at my residence Chargin' me for homicide, they say it was negligent Fuck it, I'ma accept my lick when it come to me Now let me see how many of these bitches gon' run for me Shit, my breath funky with a migraine headache Big pissed off cause I know I made a mistake But that's what I get fuckin' with pussy ass niggaz And 2 dollar hoes that'll trade you for cash figures They did that. but I got a way to get 'em back Not with the police though Juve ain't no rat Nigga tell me shit I done fallen for the end And you woulda had that dick look when you'd caught that 10 Chorus: Juvenile (2x) You gon' take 'em (Five) Are you gon' take that shit to trial And gon' be denied Violate probation when you just got caught, with that ride That alibi ain't gon' work Ain't it some hotter niggaz from out that 3 be doin' that dirt Juvenile: All the money in the world can't even move you Your lawyers tryin' to fuck you, the judge tryin' to lose you The district attourney don't give a fuck about y'all Cause he gotta run run for office again in the fall So everything he cross examine he tryin' to fuck over Grudges on his shoulder, tryin' to read his quota You wastin' ya time boy when you wastin' they time Cause they'll start off with a nickel and try and give you a dime You think I'm lyin', go ask my cousin KC You think I'm lyin', go ask my cousin Ducky Both of my niggaz just cam home from doin' a bit Both of my niggaz know what encarceration is Lil Daddy, you fightin' a war you can't win Your guilty as charged soon as them people stand up in So accept ya lick, you got caught with more than a brick And you ain't gon see the streets 'til two-thousand and six Chorus: Juvenile (2x) Juvenile: It's sharks out here boy, niggaz be rattin' You be up in penitentiary and don't know what happened Law, you're tellin' me you're wanted for murder and kidknappin' Short on they information so they lyin' and scrappin' You don't want to be in jail that ain't you're place When your child graduate you gon' look her in the face Tell her lil wodie out there hustlin' somewhere across the nation All in the projects, take that probation Believe it or not, you be up in the cell block Far away from home where you can't eeven sell rocks Bitches ain't on your side like up in the bricks Cause once you up in the jailhouse they searchin' for that dick Sco' no, cho' no, I'm single My man up in jail, I can still mingle I'm my own woman, fuck who, what, or when My man can't whip me, cause he doin' ten Chorus: Juvenile (4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Lil' Wayne Album: Tha G Code Song: G-Code Typed by: Mike82122@aol.com Lil Wayne: I ain't terrified from nuthin' I'm young wild crazy and disgustin' Better watch me cuz I'm coming  With a oven by my stomach I'm scramblin' for the money Tape ya up like a mummy Call ya people and tell 'em I need 50 for this dummy I'm runnin' hidin' and duckin' Stuntin' ridin' and thuggin Dumpin' fire and bustin' Lovin, lyin' and lustin' Stealin' killin' and rapin Runnin' climbin and chasin Strugglin hustin' to make Get it got it I take it Watch ya Chevy mister Move ya purse miss Cuz I tote heavy pistols And man they burst quick It's too late to hesitate I was told there'd be better days But shit that was yesterday And still I haven't ate But dog that's how ya labor when ya bein' a thug These niggas don't seem to feel me till they seein' they blood Can't hide it though I represent the 17th Carrollton Hollygrove That's my G-code Chorus (Lil Wayne): Now put ya box in the mud Get ya glocks in ya gloves Ride drops on dubs We gon' live by that Make the snitches catch a cut Soldier pistol nigga what Hit the block and open up We gon' die by that (repeat) Juvenile: We raised up lookin' at trees and brick walls Foreign properties and pack some menthals Got us a fire connect and went off Got jammed with this broad that rent cars Wasn't tryin' to change the game, just be in it Didn't give a fuck if we balled for 3 minutes Snatch all the hoes and 'bauds and ree' tennis Niggas can't survive the shit that we been in Jack niggas to get some cheap linen The ones that refuse we put 'em to sleep in it Got up in the mornin' for class and play hookie Some of us is veteran some of 'em stay rookie Bitch couldn't talk to us if she wasn't fuckin' Ya either be bout it or look and keep truckin Police drew causes and tried to cross lines We stuck to the code we lived and died by it Chorus Juvenile: If war ever came we held the fort down Back, slowed up, we switched and sold pound Stayed on point to make some more green Get our stash away from dope fiends Nigga had a habit he supplied his own Always stay hot cuz we ride with chrome We kept a little work for the ki's and bones Crowds draw heat so we be's alone We learned how to keep our mouth closed and watch Them other motherfuckers fall off the block 24/7 all around the clock We hustlin of course in the gamblin spot We had a chance to stop, we still wasn't ready Shit kept comin' so we made more fetti Police drew causes and tried to cross lines We stuck to the code we lived and died by it Chorus x 2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Big Tymers Album: Tha G-Code Song: Something Got 2 Shake Typed by: hot_boyz@mail.com Juvenile: I put my trust in myself and my 9 first Y'all niggaz second, third, and fourth because I'm first Can't you tell I never had nothin' Down to my last 5 dollars, ready to snatch somethin' If them people catch me I'm goin' to jail fo' sho' My old lady ain't gon' be sendin' me no mail no mo' While I be askin' my lawyers, "When they gon' let me go?" He be tellin' me, "Just be cool until you go to court" Get out, back to the bricks, it's the same old shit Niggaz got 2.50 a piece goin' half on a nick Back and forth to keys, but the Lil Weezy handle purchase Popeye's for the ballers, the ghetto eatin' Church's Shop always open 'cause nobody never closes Some of 'em like that needle, some play with they noses I ain't nothin' like a candle light dinner, wine and roses Niggaz tryin' to run throught they packets to get some mo' shit Chorus: Manny Fresh (4x) Somethin' gotta shke nigga I'ma bake a cake nigga Run with all the reall niggaz Jack all of the fake niggaz Juvenile: My hallways full of piss Nigga say he gon' break me off, he full of shit That's why I got that chopper in the back full of clips About to go and hit a whole stash full of bricks All my niggaz gone, I'm the last in the click I gotta get my hands on some cash and a whip I gotta do somethin', look Cause this ain't gonna last long, gotta get my cash on Come upon a superfire lick and get my ass home Ain't thinkin' about jumpin' out Lex's and Benzes With the TV's, and the CD's, and 20 inch 'renzes Look here, my situation ain't the best in the world I'm a snake like the rest of you niggaz, full of that Guerl Wodie, c'mon and get your skull cracked, tryin' to erase me I got iron ready to warbat, and it's all for safety Muthafucka might come, but he better come correct Cause I ain't aimin' at nothin' else but you' head and yo' chest Chorus: (4x) Baby: Put a hit on a bitch, ain't got no time for no bullshit Nigga outta line, we kill'd the bitch Now, in my city, they burn, baby burn 4 found dead, and they burn, baby burn I don't have no question, we all must learn To tote a .45, keep your eyes on the churn I got that work nigga, all y'all know the rules I don't play, I'm a mastermind, it's a Big Tymer, fool Pay up when you been fronted work, that's the rule Rolls parked, I play this game with no law Red Beam, hot ones pointed straight to your jaw A nigga must pay, I'm tryin' to see a better day Went to Miami bought that Azora anyway Three time loser totin' tools, nigga that's the rules Just the chance I gotta take on these streets fool Flippin' chickens, corner spitin', hardtimes a fool Chorus: (6x) Manny Fresh: Somethin' gotta shake nigga I'ma bake a cake nigga Run with all the real niggaz Click-Clack all of the fake niggaz Lay it down 2G You know me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Mannie Fresh Album: Tha G-Code Song: Da Magnolia Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com (Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one) [Juvenile] Welcome to tha section where it's hotter than a bitch Niggas breakin' up bricks, niggas tryin' ta be rich Dope ounce get hit, armed 'rilla insists somebody wig get split...for ten G's of chips It's where the Feds'll dip through  enemies get you Catch you at tha second line, niggas'll flip you Kids get outta school, they swingin' they fists, too Jump one of them children and they bringin' they clique, too L.D. buckin' 'cause T.C. killin' ain't nothin' Tha blues try ta hit ya and you had to keep druggin' On New Year's, tha lights get shut out at six o'clock Four or five o'clock in tha mornin' you gon' be gettin' shot! Niggas gettin' chopped, gettin' shot in tha crowd, bruh Drug deal gone bad, one of them cats was sour Motherfuckers gettin' chopped up, and they have a... ...Carbine aimed at your dome...for some powder I'ma do like your boy and hop in tha Eddie Bauer Get off seventeen, and, nigga, I'ma holla! (Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one) (Hook [Mannie Fresh]) Da...Magnolia Home...of tha soldiers Da...Magnolia Home...of tha soldiers Now, where you from, motherfucker, where you from? Where you from, motherfucker, where you from? Where you from, motherfucker, where you from? Where you from, motherfucker, where you from? [Juvenile] Is ya ready for it? Better be over-prepared When ya enter ya see a sign, say, "SOLDIERS BEWARE" And they be ragged up, twenty-five dollar bagged up Whole nickel tucked in tha back of his 'Baud cuffs Well aware on the route that he's gonna duck... ...if somebody thinkin' 'bout jammin' him up If a bitch with him, she better be smart, or tough luck 'cause he gon' break and bust; she gon' be fucked up Mind your business is a code, too, I never told... ...ever since a nigga was a million years old Bein' a ballin shot caller...is tha goal I'll hospitalize anybody...in the roll To make it there, you talk crazy, we take it there You'll feel like a steak, nigga: you medium-rare All these niggas wan' be tip-rats or tha man in charge With tha AK-47, it'll change you boys (Hook [Mannie Fresh]) [Juvenile] Clique up, load up...pistols, mask Ride through, slow down, jump out, blast Put bout...fifty...in your...ass Second...linin'...family...scared Go score, rock it, chop it, serve it Got a...deal for...fifty, twurk it Mission: riches, hittin'...switches, twenty...inches, plenty...bitches All day, hustle  beaucoup...scuffle Niggas...huddle, AK...muffled Blood in...puddles, people...scatter Flying...pieces...of human...matter Police...don't know  probly...won't know Unless...its they...shit, they...don't know Keep it...quiet, tell no...body Start no...shit and...stay in...silence Maintain...focus, stay off...porches Watch for...roaches, carry...toasters (Hook [Mannie Fresh]) Da...Magnolia Home...of tha soldiers Da...Magnolia Home...of tha soldiers Da...Magnolia Home...of tha soldiers Da...Magnolia Home...of tha soldiers Now, where you from, motherfucker, where you from? Where you from, motherfucker, where you from? Where you from, motherfucker, where you from? Where you from, motherfucker, where you from? [Mannie Fresh] Where you goin', motherfucker, where you goin'? Where you from, motherfucker, where you from? I know where I'm goin'  to tha fuckin' Magnolia Believe that there Yeah, yeah, yeah Layin' it down, mm-hmm Layin' it down, mm-hmm, mm-hmm To 3000 (Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two...) (...one) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ B.G. Album: Tha G-Code Song: Catch Your Cut Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [B.G.] Uh-come on Juvie Are you ready? [Juvenile] Uh-huh [B.G.] These hoes.. know.. I act.. bad They say.. gone.. with your dog.. ass I slang.. dick.. I lay.. pipe All fuckin'.. day.. goin' through tha.. night I fuck.. cousins.. I fuck.. friends Juvie drive.. Jag.. Geezy ride.. Benz I'll put that dick on tha ho, look, I'll bust four nuts Then I open ta see if she can back.. that ass up Bitch, my dick.. wanna.. feel your.. lips Don't do it.. right.. go get some.. tips Come back.. later.. try once.. more Fuck up a-.. -gain.. bitch, ya gotta.. go I'm.. gonna.. keep.. doin' my thang Hot.. Boy B.G. don't play games Either.. way.. ho, I'll get mine I'll jack off lookin' you dead in your eyes So, (Chorus2x [B.G. + Juvenile]) Bitch, go.. 'head.. catch your.. cut Lil' B.G. done caught his.. nut Bitch go.. 'head.. catch your.. cut Juve-.. -nile.. done caught his.. nut [Juvenile] Spread your.. legs.. touch your.. toes Soon as.. I.. come out these.. 'Bauds I'm J-U-.. -V.. a H-O-.. -T B-O-.. -Y.. from that.. three Bitch, I'm.. hot.. sweaty, gettin'.. moist Tha girl want me.. ta show her my.. choice Ya know what I.. mean.. I wanna.. push Dick in your.. ass like it's a.. dousch Ya gotta be.. clean.. wash it.. good Before I.. come.. and lay this.. wood Eat this.. meat.. please, no.. teeth Every.. day.. and all through tha.. week I know whatcha.. need.. liquor and.. weed A hour and a.. half.. I'll plant this.. seed You do it for that.. I'll do it for.. game Both of us.. straight.. ya can't com-.. -plain (Chorus2x) [Juvenile] Look at that.. there.. she big.. find She could be.. yours.. or she could be.. mine [B.G.] It ain't no.. thang.. bring her on a.. trip Get her in tha.. room.. and she'll get it.. flipped [Juvenile] She'll do what she.. do.. and do it.. well And me and.. you.. could make it.. swell [B.G.] I'm your.. nigga.. you my.. dog We fuck.. cuts.. and there's no.. walls [Juvenile] It ain't no.. beef.. you could go.. first Or both of us.. could go.. and hit that.. skirt [B.G.] Once it's.. over.. still don't.. stop Find us a-.. -nother, and open up shop, nigga [Juvenile] I'm with.. that.. man, let's.. go Out right.. now.. to smash some.. hoes [B.G.] We play.. that.. just like.. g's Nigga, I'm.. straight.. 'cause I done bust three So, (chorus 2x) Bitch, go.. 'head.. catch your.. cut B. At-.. -rice.. done caught his.. nut Bitch, go, 'head.. catch your.. cut Sugar.. Slim.. done bust his.. nut Bitch, go.. 'head.. catch your.. cut Mannie.. Fresh.. done bust his.. nut Bitch, go.. 'head.. catch your.. cut The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Big Tymers, Lil' Wayne Album: Tha G-Code Song: Lil Boyz Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Juvenile] Huh... You lil boyz don't know what it mean ta get shot You lil boyz don't wanna do nothin' but hang on tha block Yoy lil boyz ain't ready to go to tha pen You lil boyz ain't ready to be sleepin' with nothin' but men You lil boyz better stay in your place You lil boyz ain't gon' be scared until you catch you a case You lil boyz be out here sniffin' that furl You lil boyz gotta get loaded just to go in that world You lil boyz had better hit you a lick You lil boyz shouldn't have ta ask another nigga for shit You lil boyz don't even respect your momma You lil boyz don't even have tha sense to be a Big Tymer You lil boyz swear to God it's a game You lil boyz gotta kill somethin' and get you a name You lil boyz always be makin' a scene You lil boyz wanna be grown, and you're still in your teens (chorus [Lil' Wayne]) Look, you lil boyz better slow down Up in tha mornin', in tha court, it's 'bout to go down Here come them niggas: soulja, Reebok, and Girbaud down There's no remorse now 'Bout to explode rounds Look, you lil boyz better ta slow down Up in tha mornin', in tha court, it's 'bout to go down Here come them niggas: soulja, Reebok, and Girbaud down There's no remorse now 'Bout to explode rounds [Baby] You lil boyz better clear tha block 'Cause somebody done ran in my money spot Cock tha glocks, we prepared to pop Can't let it slide 'cause these lil boyz ain't right Somebody gon' die tonight when we ride tonight I'ma clear your set if I heard your name up in my mess Best make a set trap, bust back with booby traps You're outta line if you're playin' with mine Fuck these bezzel bitch niggas gon' meet tha devil Lil boyz don't know they playin' with rainy weather Fuckin' with my cheddar B.G., Wayne, Juvie, Big Tymers, whatever But, however, if I could do I'ma cook your hood like I cook up pill-goods, fool (chorus [Lil' Wayne]) You lil boyz better ta slow down Up in tha mornin', in tha court, it's 'bout ta go down Here come them niggas: soulja, Reebok, and Girbaud down There's no remorse now 'Bout to explode rounds Look, you lil boyz need ta slow down Up in tha mornin', in tha cut, it's 'bout ta go down Here come them niggas: soulja, Reebok, and Girbaud down There's no remorse now 'Bout to explode rounds Look [Mannie Fresh] Check it out, check it out You lil boyz make it happen, pack up y'all shit You lil boyz need to go ahead on and quit, see You lil boyz know y'all time is up You lil boyz need to (gimme gimme gimme) get tha fuck You lil boyz kinda like had '99 But look, you lil boyz from today to lights out, it's mine You lil boyz need ta (???) with y'all's friends You lil boyz really women with paws like mens You lil boyz stay out mine and worry 'bout yurn You lil boyz is tha right hook for this song 'cause y'all children You lil boyz need to stop stealin' my beats You lil boyz think a producer won't take y'all off y'all feets You lil boyz know I do beats for twenty You lil boyz add that up: zero zero zero comma, aw, fuck it, it's plenty You lil boyz tell y'all baby-momma I'm back in town You lil boyz smiles done turned into frowns [Lil' Wayne] Look, look, When.. I.. ride.. dog Chopper.. be on.. my.. side.. dog Niggas betta run.. duck.. hide.. dog 'Cause I'm about to let.. bullets.. fly.. dog Bahdi-by-by Get it.. right, nigga They all know Lil' Weezy ride at.. night, nigga I dip low, and I'm strapped up.. tight, nigga Duct tape your momma, and shoot off in your.. wife, nigga Look, ain't nothin' nice around here, stupid Keep playin', you won't see next year, stupid Keep sprayin'.. tha MAC-11.. burst Hit 'em where it.. hurts I'ma shoot.. first Soak his.. shirt (ksshhh!) Blood all over tha place Hit tha block, have thugs all over tha place It's Lil' Wayne, nigga, whoa now If you don't think you can hang, nigga, slow down (Chorus [Lil' Wayne]) Look, look, 'Cause you lil boyz need ta slow down Up in tha mornin', in tha court, it's 'bout ta go down Here come them niggas: soulja, Reebok, and Girbaud down There's no remorse now 'Bout to explode rounds Look, you lil boyz need ta slow down Up in tha mornin', in tha court, it's 'bout ta go down Here come them niggas: soulja, Reebok, and Girbaud down There's no remorse now 'Bout to explode rounds [Lil' Wayne] Look, you lil boyz need ta slow down Look, you lil boyz need ta slow down Look, you lil boyz need ta slow down Up in tha mornin', in tha court, it's 'bout ta go down What The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Lil' Wayne, B.G. Album: Tha G-Code Song: Get it Right Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Juvenile] You think this shit happened for me over tha night? This is my life Everybody know I be on a flight to get it right, and keep it right, and stay strong Nigga thought it wouldn't happen to 'em, but all of 'em dead wrong Singin' tha same song, sayin', "Juvy ain't shit!" With a project nigga out here tellin' people he rich When tha truth is: they wishin' they was in my shoes I pay dues, with them pistols I made moves And I'm seein' all these pussy-ass niggas tryin' ta be hard Why ya fuckin' with mines? I ain't fuckin' with y'all Tha people runnin' your organization workin' for me, uh-huh You didn't know that, now you call for tha plea Boy, think of all tha places you could possibly be... ...than...chokin' these bullets up that's comin' from me With my T-shirt and Ree's on Cuz only God knows what these niggas be's on (Hook [Lil' Wayne]) Look, niggas better get it right and keep it right Cuz them Uptown Hot Boy$ are on tha street at night So, I hope you got your soljas and your 'Bauds on Cuz we about ta strap up and know your clothes off Whoa You better get it right and keep it right Cuz them Uptown Hot Boy$ are on tha street at night So, I hope you got your soljas and your 'Bauds on Cuz we about ta strap up and knock your clothes off [Lil' Wayne] Listen, listen, listen Zip it! Cock, then act a fool and make 'em dip it (what?) Chrome mack diply (what?) Automatic spitty (what?) I'm a Hot Boy, nigga, follow me Do or die, survive with me (huh?) Blow a pound of that broccoli (huh?) Hit a block and then ride with me (huh?) Cut 'em all, but not your boy, he just had a baby daughter (so?) Then, Cita, he never walk again (so?) Don't play with them sharks again (oh) I make them niggas bleed like that time of tha month See, I told 'em, "Nobody move; nobody head bust." Plus, a hundred rush, turn a boy to dust Nigga, I'm a soldier, trust...I'll blow a hole in your guts And ain't no "if", "and's", or "but's" (uh-uh) You could get mad and fuss (uh-uh) Watch your lip, man, you'll touch (uh-uh) I'll pop a clip in, and bust (uh-uh) Look, I'm straight thuggin' Lookin' at niggas' fake muggin' I'm runnin' with niggas that stay sufferin' That ain' nothin' It's Wheezy Wheez I show off behind cheese Get full of trees Here I come, you better leave (Hook-2x [Lil' Wayne]) Niggas better get it right and keep it right Cuz them Uptown Hot Boy$ are on tha street at night So, I hope you got your soljas and your 'Bauds on Cuz we about ta strap up and knock your clothes off Whoa [B.G. + (Lil' Wayne)] Niggas know I could get ugly when it comes to that (To that) Oh, for sure, I leave ya bloody if it comes to that (To that) I ain't no ho, if in beef I ain't gon' run from that (From that) You got coke, keep it on tha low cuz I'll come for that (For that) I keep pistols in my possession cuz I stays in shit (What?!) I was raised watchin' niggas shoot out with K's and shit (Wha?) My momma tried ta keep me inside, but I snuck out tha back (Oh) Shot hookie from school, hung on V.L. and sold a lil' crack (Fo sho') Niggas respect me cuz they know my nuts be hangin'and swingin' (Hangin') If my toes get stepped on, I'm click-clackin' and bangin' (Bangin') I've been out here since I was, like, ten years old Caught my first gun charge in nineteen-nine-four Scuffed my knees up, but the Lord, he pulled me out that I'm ahead now, and ain't no way that I'ma look back Fresh laid tha track down, I picked tha pad up for a minute Put tha gat down But don't think I still won't act, busta (Hook [Lil' Wayne]) Niggas better get it right and keep it right Cuz them Uptown Hot Boy$ are on tha street at night So, I hope you got your soljas and your 'Bauds on Cuz we about ta strap up and knock your clothes off Whoa You better get it right and keep it right Cuz them Uptown Hot Boy$ are on tha street at night So, I hope you got your soljas and your 'Bauds on Cuz we about ta strap up and knock your clothes off Whoa Niggas better get it right and keep it right Cuz them Uptown Hot Boy$ are on tha street at night So, I hope you got your soljas and your 'Bauds on Cuz we about ta strap up and knock your clothes off Whoa Get it right and keep it right Cuz them Uptown Hot Boy$ are on tha street at night So, I hope you got your soljas and your 'Bauds on Cuz we about ta strap up and knock your clothes off Whoa The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Baby, B.G., Turk Album: Tha G-Code Song: Never Had Shit Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Juvenile] That's right, Cash Money done     took over this shit, motherfuckers.     ([Baby] We got it, Juvy, and you (??) )     Y'all don't know how ta do it. I'ma     show ya how to live (??). ([Baby] #1 stunnas.)     Peep this shit out, lil' one:     ([Baby] This is how the fuck we do it, boy) [Juvenile] My pockets flooded with money like it been rainin' for months Put Jackie Chan outta business, tha way that I live stunt Man, I'll spend fifty G's on just a chair and a sofa Got tired of all that drivin', so I got me a chauffeur Gettin' head watchin' TV on tha block of Magnolia Give tha kids twenty dollars when I open my door My grill like marble floors, was workin' with four After we score, I laid there and got me six more Now my body needs ta be treated, I'm 'bout to get weak Full of that shit, gon' kill that man, he got me hungry and greedy They call my watch tha North Pole cuz it's flooded with ice It's a...bitch in tha day, a motherfucker at night If somebody get my jewelry they'll be set for life Buy a house before tha wedding, and a ring for tha wife Money ain't shit ta me because I'm young and I'm blessed I don't..carry no cash, its credit cards or checks (Hook-4x [Juvenile]) Actin' like a nigga that ain't never had shit Lookin' through my bend, sayin', "There's some asses." [Baby] Nigga, I stretched tha Rover, stopped playin' with these hoes Got a hundred on my left, fifty on tha wrist, ho [B.G.] Fuck, I be shinin' from tha clothes, cars, jewelry Got seven-year-old children wan grow up to be like me [Baby] Niggas pullin' up, drivin' off tha showroom floor Got a mouth full of gold so I can boot these hoes [B.G.] Somebody asked me tha time, I just had ta look back Showed them tha baguettes on my watch and say how I could see that [Baby] Got trillion cut earrings so I can blind these hoes I'm tha number-one stunna fuckin' rap-hoes (rap-hoes) [B.G.] Stun'n is a way of livin', ya fuckin' with my clique Try ta pay tha dealership that sell tha shit that don't exist [Baby] I got all my hoes ridin' Lexus coupe, two-door Put tha Cadillac up, it was movin' too slow [B.G.] We Cash Money stunnas - money long as tha street You wan' verify our cash, go ask First NBC, nigga (Hook-4x [Juvenile]) [Turk] Look, look Bitches...say I stunt too much It's o...kay cuz I can back it up Know you gon'...let me...do what I do Rock my Rolie, ride drop-tops, too 'Til tha day I die, I'm gon' shine Drive top-of-tha-line Pop bottles of wine Break bread with my clique of niggas...niggas Toss hoes, take naked pictures...pictures Rap, hustle, get paid, nigga...nigga Try not to get a big head, nigga...nigga Look, you like my watch, ha You like my ring, ha You like tha way it look and how it *bling*bling*, ha I got so many karats, I could feed ten rabbits Got so much ice, cool me down when I wear it Every nigga in my clique...bubble and glide Every nigga in my clique sittin' low and high (Hook-4x [Juvenile]) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Mannie Fresh Album: Tha G-Code Song: I Got That Fire Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Juvenile] You need a nigga that stay sharp, always got money Pockets stay full of them big-face hundreds A nigga with tattoos all over his arm A nigga with a gold grill, diamonds in his charm A nigga that'll tell your girl, "Fuck that nigga! You're givin' me tha pussy, you don't love that nigga." You need a nigga that'll put you in your place Put the dick on ya at anytime of tha day A nigga that'll give ya a lil' somethin' if it's right A nigga that you may not see for three or four nights A nigga standin' tall like tha Statue of Liberty A nigga on fire like a match and a cigarette A nigga that'll take care of his kids if it's his A nigga that's a handsome lil' son of a bitch A nigga like...me...never get tired You're lookin' for a Hot Boy, girl, I got that fire (Hook-4x [Juvenile]) Shit, I got that fire I got that fire Girl, holla at a nigga if you want that Oscar Mayer [Juvenile] Some old ghetto-face, blue-hair, funny-ass lookin' bitch was tryin' ta holla at a nigga; talkin' some bullshit I told her, "If ya fuck everybody, it's all gravy." She didn't say nothin', she stood there lookin' at me crazy Then she got mad, and called me bitches and motherfuckers I waited 'til I got by the door, reached back and snuck her She did what any bitch woulda did, and got the law for me Talkin' 'bout go and press charges and get her pa for me I told em, "When I get outta jail, I'ma beat ya awfully and open up fire at your pa to back him up off of me." All she wanted to do was scream out "Juvy" while I hit her from tha back and smack her on tha booty Bite tha titties, get tha head, break tha bed Pull off tha rubber and bust a nut on her leg Some of these hoes be tellin' me, "I'm just an admirer." I don't wanna fuck ya - shit, I got that fire (Hook [Juvenile]) Shit, I got that fire Shit, I got that fire Girl, holla at a nigga if you want that Oscar Mayer Shit, I got that fire I got that fire Girl, holla at a nigga if you want that Oscar Mayer Shit, I got that fire I got that fire Girl, holla at a nigga if you want that Oscar Mayer Shit, I got that fire I got that fire Girl, holla at a nigga if you want that Oscar Mayer [Mannie Fresh] (>eerie, eerie, eerie The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Turk Album: Tha G-Code Song: Tha Man Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Juvenile] I'ma stay thuggin' - how I came is how I leave When I say somethin, best believe that's how it be motherfuckers do - yeah I said it, nigga, I mean it Bitch was dressed in gangsta and switch, wodie, I seen it Wannabe Juvy-fuckin' hoes gon' get you caught up Me, I wear Reeboks and Girbauds, and play it smarter If them boys spin tha bend, they go bluckahda on tha block I'ma be gettin' somewhere, your ass gonna get shot You paid 1500; I paid 5999 Got diamonds and Rolexes that shine at tha same time I ain't scared, but I ain't dumb, and I ain't stupid I know how ta survive in tha project and how ta do shit If I hit a hustle, I ain't tellin' tha biz 'cause tha witness will tell them people who tha murderer is Your main man'll put four or five to your wig take tha cocaine and throw you off the side of the bridge Gotta be able to think, gotta know when to move out Gotta read through the lines, gotta know what these hoes 'bout Gotta separate your business from your family and friends Gotta bust a nigga head if he plottin to do you in I done did dirt, so I know what's tha consequences Let my shit burst tryin' ta knock out a nigga dentures Always PQ to see through these fools cause we do the shit that people see on the news So, follow me now into a world of stress Where wodie tryin' ta get it all 'cause he don't settle for less Ain't satisfied 'til all of his beef is put to rest Slangin' that iron...with a soldier rag on his neck And credit for they people in case they wanna connect He ain't hidin', he still ridin'...in the 'jects Ya gotta be willin' to play tha game to its debt Nigga bang and...hit you in your brain, now who next I be cool at all times and acknowledge...when I'm wrong Shit I went through when tha fans got my game real strong I'm not tha smartest motherfucker walkin' But I can tell a fake motherfucker when he talkin' My daddy always told me, "Boy, don't be a follower. You got a lot of pride, but some you need to swallow up. You keep that attitude, you won't see tomorrow, bruh." I soak it up, and got better as a hustler [Turk] I'm a head buster, a straight-up Nolia nigga Young thugger Fuck up, I show ya, nigga, that I don't play Keep a K for protection With fifty - never run without my weapon I stand out here, tie ducked with bandanas I show no fear - what'chu 'bout we can handle I'm real as they came: a untamed guerrilla 'Bout bustin' your brains, whoever be wit'cha I have no picks; I split your shit Whoever you with, I'ma split they shit Ya steal or get stole, wet or get wet Bust or get bust on, move a chest or lose a chest Try not to miss when you cock back and shoot You shoot and miss, then it's all on you Ain't no game, it's real dog - live or ya die Real in tha field, dog - ya live or ya die Even though I'm a lil' bitty nigga Look, I got big nuts and they hang low, nigga I ain't scared ta bust Want beef, let me know, and look, we can tear this bitch up You or me, me or you...gon' bite tha dust Wuz up, nigga? Wuz up, nigga? You afraid, go ta church, I ain't scared at all Lose your head fuck with Turk, 'cause I'm knockin' it off I wan' keep my hands clean, droppin some change Niggas gon' ride for me, niggas that's untamed Niggas who bang that heroin, or snort that cocaine Niggas out that project don't mind sprayin' thangs Fools who that slang that iron for me (When tha beef start) When tha beef start (Be ready to ride for me) Be ready to ride for me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Tha G-Code Song: March Nigga Step Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Mannie Fresh (talking)] Get that shit that get the club started Get the nigga b'd'd'd'd'd-boom-boom-boom-boom beat down Do that shit [Juvenile] You live that life...slangin' that iron off tha porch When a nigga blow, you hit him up with tha torch You got confidence; you got your chest pumped out Is you ridin' Lex? You got your shit plushed out Niggas know your name...'cause they done heard it in tha wind Niggas know your face...'cause of tha places you done been Your family straight - Is that goin' for somethin'? You got your lil' man with ya; he ain't askin' for nothin' Get rid of them roaches - you got a Cash Money toaster ready for war - you got that iron in your holster Full of that fire, Black Magic on your tires You keep all of your hoes 'cause you a liar You're swolled up; you just come home from doin' six You done blowed up, and you already got them bricks If they try ta jack, is you gon' put 'em in they place? When you cock your shit, is you gon' hit 'em in they face? (Hook [Juvenile]) Well, grab your 2-23's, and march nigga step Grab your forty's and nine's, we gon' march nigga step Play if me if you want, we gon' march nigga step March nigga step March nigga step Grab your 2-23's, and you march nigga step Grab your forty's and nine's, we gon' march nigga step Play with me if you want, we gon' march nigga step March nigga step March nigga step [Juvenile] You're full of that liquor - you just met a little freak and you're ready to hit her...up in the car (???) You're feelin' good You're makin' money out the ass up in your neighborhood You 'bout ta go buy you a Jag You're quittin' the game Everything is gravy cause ya made a little change... ...from bustin' them niggas' brains Ya like how ya live You got...everything ya need up inside of your crib Like Hennessy and weed You're runnin' with killers - You got that green shit with ya You're slingin' them pillas - You don't know nothin' but guerrillas You got television...up in your Lexus and your Benz You can go and get 'em...showin' up in twenty-inch rims 'Bout 187 You put a finish to your beef with them mack-11's... ...while your suckin' your gold teeth You accept your lick - Look, you protect it like a man When you got that iron, is you gon' slang what's in your hand? (Hook [Juvenile]) Well, grab your 2-23's, and march nigga step Grab your forty's and nine's, we gon' march nigga step Play with me if you want, we gon' march nigga step March nigga step March nigga step Grab your 2-23's, and march nigga step Grab your forty's and nine's, we gon' march nigga step Play with me if you want, we gon' march nigga step March nigga step March nigga step Grab your 2-23's, we gon' march nigga step March nigga step March nigga step [Juvenile] You full of some diamonds - You got your Rolie iced out You're steadily shinin'; you're livin' in a nice house You gon' put your girl...up on tha next thing smokin' If she think you're jokin', is she gon' get a quick chokin'? You could take a trip...to tha Bahamas if you want You could turn a trick...with lil' momma if ya want You ain't worried 'bout nothin' Tha game been good to you, so you done retire from hustlin'... ...or is ya still doin' somethin'? You tired of them laws...tryin' ta take niggas ta jail You tired of them boys...cause you got money for your bail You got a reputation...cause you be bustin' them heads Niggas be infiltratin'; tryin' ta give you up to tha Feds You eat tha best of shit - gon' be ballin' at breakfast-s Tattoos all on your stomach and your neck and shit You 'bout ridin' up in them Vettes and shit, and them new Lexus's You got nothin' but diamonds in your necklaces (Hook [Juvenile]) Well, grab your 2-23's, and march nigga step Grab your forty's and nine's, we gon' march nigga step Play with me if you want, we gon' march nigga step March nigga step March nigga step Grab your 2-23's, and march nigga step Grab your forty's and nine's, and march nigga step Play with me if you want, we gon' march nigga step March nigga step March nigga step [Juvenile (outro)] Grab your 2-23's, and march nigga step Grab your forty's and nine's, and march nigga step Play with me if you want, we gon' march nigga step March nigga step March nigga step Grab your mack-11, march nigga step Grab your A...K, march nigga step Grab your mack-90, march nigga step Call my nigga, Baby, ta march nigga step Call my nigga, Wheezy, ta march nigga step Call my nigga, Turky, ta march nigga step Call my nigga, Geezy, ta march nigga step Call my nigga, Mannie, ta march nigga step March nigga step March nigga step Play with tha CMB, you gon' march nigga step March nigga step [Mannie Fresh (talking)] In tha year 2000, march nigga step Get tha fuck on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ B.G. Album: Tha G-Code Song: Guerrilla Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [talking] [B.G.]  What's up, Juvie [Juvenile] What's happenin', B.Geezy [B.G.]  I'm chillin'. Me, I don't like them old bitch ass niggas [Juvenile] I don't like them bitch ass niggas either [B.G.]  They better get tha fuck from 'round here [Juvenile] Rattin' motherfucker [B.G.] Nigga, come on my set, I'ma feel disrespect Now they gon' get they issue, they done walked into that No vest ain't gon' protect you The shit that's in my clique gon' sail through your chest fool I'm tellin' you I'ma bring drama, chaos, nothin' less When I'm ridin' 'round your set, it's a nigga best eject Nigga, like a rain storm, your whole block get wet All it take is one to tha head, bahdi-by-by, you rest Solja-Rees and 'Bauds, that is how I'm dressed I represent to tha fullest, nigga, in a Rolex Roamin' on tha streets, Feds got a warrant for my arrest Fuck that, I'm just a nigga they gon' have ta catch I kick a nigga momma door in if he tryin' ta hide And then I put one in his mom head if I don't get mine You could call it what you wanna, but that's how I play it Now play with me, I got a K, and watch how quick I spray it (Chorus) [Juvenile] I don't even want them niggas comin' 'round no more     I don't even want them niggas fuckin' with our hoes [B.G.]  I don't even want them niggas hangin' on our block     I don't even want them niggas scorin' out our shop [Juvenile] I don't even want them niggas comin' 'round no more     I don't even want them niggas fuckin' with our hoes [B.G.]  Man, I don't even want them niggas ridin' down our block     I don't even want them niggas lookin' at our shop [Juvenile] You don't know you're not suppose ta be around these parts You don't know you goin' in and you might get caught You be tryin' ta get some information out these broads Tryin' ta find out where a nigga hide his stash and cars It's niggas like you that be gettin' niggas like me stuck It's niggas like you that be givin' niggas like me up I'm tryin' ta figure if you work for tha police or what You plobly hangin' 'round a nigga 'cause you need a buck They got dope around tha projects, and it leads to us Feds know we ain't be sellin' nothin' but ki's and up Rattin', I gotcha I'm lookin' for ya with MAC-10's ta pop ya You never thought that I would do that ta stop ya That lil' man was surprised to have you like I gotcha See me empty every clip out of my chopper You gon' get caught up 'cause you keep fuckin' with poppa... poppa (Chorus) [Juvenile] I don't even want them niggas comin' 'round no more     I don't even want them niggas fuckin' with our hoes [B.G.]  Man, I don't even want them niggas hangin' on our block     I don't even want them niggas scorin' out our shop [Juvenile] I don't even want them niggas comin' 'round no more     I don't even want them niggas fuckin' with our hoes [B.G.]  Man, I don't even want them niggas ridin' down our block     And I betta not catch them niggas hangin' 'round our shop [B.G.] Wodie, are you ready ta get this beef cookin'? 'Cause once it's on tha stove, get on your shit because I'm lookin' You betta know I ain't gonna let a nigga disrespect my clique And I ain't gon' let a nigga come and take my shit That'll make me look like a stone cold bitch So ain't no way I ain't gon' grab my K and let my shit spit When I spin the ben I don't give a fuck who gets split If you get hit... it's all on you if you innocent It's game we play, and it's hectic If you ain't got a vest, you ain't protected With pussy-niggas... my block's infested So one by one, they all gon' get rested Me and my others' dog act a ass, ho When I hit you all in your face, your casket is closed You came 'round tha wrong hood and got that ass burnt Nigga thought it was all good and got that ass burnt... that ass burnt (Chorus) [Juvenile] I don't even want them niggas comin' 'round no more     I don't even want these niggas hangin' 'round my door [B.G.]  I don't even want these niggas hangin' 'round our block     I don't even want these niggas scorin' out our shop [Juvenile] I don't even want these niggas comin' 'round no more     I don't even want these niggas tryin' ta come ta score [B.G.]  I don't even want these niggas hangin' 'round our block     I don't even want these niggas scorin' out our shop [Juvenile] I don't even want these niggas comin' 'round no more     Look, I don't even want you niggas fuckin' with our hoes [B.G.]  I don't even want you niggas ridin' down my block     I don't even betta not catch you niggas lookin' at my shop,  nigga {B.G. + Juvenile talking} [B.G.]  Ha-ha [Juvenile] What up, what up [B.G.]  Old bitch-ass, ruckus     Fuck, did y'all just jumped off tha porch     Ass-niggas betta stay... your mother fuckin' ass back [Juvenile] Turnin' state     Motherfucker 'round here turnin' state, ha     You're rattin' on a nigga, ha     We gonna get your motherfuckin' ass [B.G.]  How ya luv that [Juvenile] Askin' my old lady where tha dope at, ha     Follow her again, bitch, I'ma catch ya [B.G.]  Uh-huh     Fuckin' with tha B.Geezy [Juvenile] I got a cake baked for ya [B.G.]  Nigga, Juvie [Juvenile] We got a cake baked for ya The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Juvenile) f/ Big Tymers, Mickey Album: Project English Song: Intro - Let's Roll Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Mannie Fresh] Look a here, look a here, look a here New Mannie, Louisiana up in here ya heard me With the Project English album, And I'm gonna let young Mickey start this thing off, ya heard me The New Orleans shit, the new stunna, the new shiner, the new reppa Walk over here and get cha' shine on [Mickey] Uh oh, Chicago's with those N.O. niggas And we stock indo nigga Ya see the amount of blood in my kinfolk niggas And I don't think y'all really understand what y'all in fo' nigga When a nigga got tens he got two blocks on em' Catch ya mob street walkin' put them foo fights on em' MC rodie around, we say fam or pharaoh Both our families mo' gangsta than the damn Sopranos They spit choppers and k's, we spray itchies But we both quick to spray fifty, stay with me They rock tees and Rees, we rock furs and Nikes But we both well known for flippin' birds and ice They stay stunnin a hundred, we say flickin' They say that shit is fire, we say sendin' fendin' Get little, that mean we about to leave The cake is baked whodi, that mean y'all about to bleed [Mannie Fresh] Uh oh, shit got damn, you know who I am I'm as gangsta as Capone in this nasty ass fam Where the fuck I'm from and where I represent Platinum plaques, Bentleys, and presidents Now wait a minute man, I done bought a choo-choo train Don't chu' have a helicopter, yeah and a plane You got a two-way pager, well I gotta phone You gotta a million dollars, well I got I don't know They say a nigga like me bling too much Why, cause this watch, this chain, this ring too much Make them dollars, pop them bottles We zoned up in Caprices and Impalas (Errrr!) Disregard that law, pop that car Step up in the club and buy out the whole bar Pay attention lil' daddy to the song I'm sangin' I'ma put cha' on some other shit besides that blang Daddy truck sharp, mama house bangin' Brian Williams, just keep on brangin' Check after check every time ya move ya neck Nigga if i want it dog I'll buy respect [Baby] There you have it nigga, Project English nigga (Uh, uh, uh) Hood rats and bling blingin' nigga (Uh, uh, uh) Know what I'm sayin' let's get this money nigga (It go choo-choo) Hey steppa, hey Mike, stick, pass that bottle motherfucker We gon' drank till we ain't got no mo' dollars motherfucker Let's go get this money Fresh Project English and whatever it come with next Cash Money, Hot Boyz let's ride nigga Go to the next tune or something fucker [Mannie Fresh] The only plaques I have, are platinum plaques, ya heard The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Project English Song: Set it Off Typed by: IcebergRep757@cs.com KICK ASS! (Mmm-hmm) C'mon (Uh-huh, mm-hmm) Y'all boys don't know NUTTIN bout me (mm-hmm, uh-huh) Ya heard? .. "Ladies and gentlemen!" [Juvenile] I'ma T.C. soldier, New Orleans stunna If a bitch leave me, I'ma take everything from her Leave while ya can, or ya mom will pick ya rum up I'ma find me some new pussy, and buy a Four-Runner I walk with a limp, cause my nuts heavy And I like it from the back so hold your butt steady I know I got some big lips, but I ain't trippin And momma I love pussy, but I ain't lickin Now prepare yourself for a smooth dickin You don't want it girl? You don't know, what you missin I'm the baddest boss nigga walkin, you ain't heard? I got a team of head busters waitin to give 'em the word I gotta few in the East Coast, a few in the West Down-South to Mid-W, whattup to the rest Can't forget about the ghetto where they strugglin in debt No matter what I do dawg, I love my set - "Ladies and gentlemen!" [Chorus: Juvenile] Wodie, Wassup, Wodette, Wassup, Wodie, Wassup Set it off in this motherfucker Wodie, Wassup, Wodette, Wassup, Wodie, Wassup Set it off in this motherfucker Wodie, Wassup, Wodette, Wassup, Wodie, Wassup Set it off in this motherfucker Wodie, Wassup, Wodette, Wassup, Wodie, Wassup Set it off in this motherfucker [Juvenile] The niggidy niggidy Nile's in this bitch, get right Fuck what you heard on the street it's CMR for life Still ridin on dubs, sippin brown and white Jump stupid if you want bitch we gon' clown tonite We got twenty-five choppers in the V.I.P. Cristal and 40 yack and a pound of weed I know you wait for me to get drunk, and follow me home Picture what I'ma give you though - a shot to yo' dome Fuck it if your boys gon' be talkin they gon' get hit too I'm really not givin a fuck, long as I get you Jamie, Fresh, Joe, Bubba Ya gotta admit ha, Juvie a motherfucker I'ma general, executin the plan Got a vision of the 3rd Ward, rulinn the land Runnin up on hoes, tellin them to jump in the van Mommy please come break off just me and my man [Juvenile] 55% of these niggaz is fake The other 45% be handlin they weight 55% of these women is hoes The other 45% be playin they role Mr. Officer, Mr. Officer Take these motherfuckin cuffs off of us We ain't kill nobody in this car, for us And ridin on 20's is the law for us I ain't from France, but excuse my french Fuck ya if ya hatin, nigga save that then I been dealin wit you bitches from way back then Plus I kept a fire duck off the lay back in You say my momma played me and J be tight Cause Juvie takin care, so everything alright Bitches see the sliver seraph wit them phat ass pipes Bein followed by some niggaz on some bad ass bikes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Project English Song: H.B. HeadBusta Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Juvenile] Get out the way now, hey.. get out the way now.. Get out the way now, headbusters on the way now.. ahh, ahh Get out the way now, the headbusters on the way now.. mmm Get out the way.. get out the way now.. You wonder why I don't smile and don't make friends or ki-ki with new niggaz; cause I don't know dem I didn't shoot marbles witcha and you ain't no kin Kissin ass like you be doin look you ain't no men The only reason you're talkin crazy cause you drank mo' gin You can take it there if you want, look you ain't gon' win And I'm feelin like an example is needed to be made I'ma take this calico and go bust me a head They might just won't retailate, they might just be afraid Some niggaz I been fuckin with controllin what they say It's still on! They wouldn't let me ride That was they nigga that we killed so one of us gotta die Oh yeah, they wanna play ha? Must really be underestimatin me and this 'k ha? It must not be meant for you so please get out the way now I'm one of the best doin this, bout every day now.. hah.. [Chorus: repeat 2X] I'm warnin ya, I'm tellin ya A HeadBusta is up in ya area Don't stand there better be bailin brah Or hollow tip bullets gonna tear you up [Juvenile] I wonder how long it's gon' take 'fore niggaz realize I'm not a game Look at me nigga, you think I'm playin? Do it look like everything in my life goin correctly? Bitch, I'ma be bout it 'til the man come get me I got a fucked up conscience, and my thinkin ain't right I got a brand new child but look I'ma slanger tonight Nigga swellin up his chest, cause I'm bangin his wife I'm at the bar drinkin Hennessy, he came with a knife I got my man on the side of me, he scopin him right He think it's over but he gonna get fucked over tonight If I got problem witcha I'ma address it, front and center If we beef in January, won't be until December I'm tryin to getcha outta here Like your momma and your lawyer, stuck with four or five open charges Dealin with you bitches like you're one of my children Whippin your ass because you left out the buildin [Juvenile] Fuck with a G ain't gon' never stop Somebody gotta go - you better have the better plot Cause if not, little shit could escalate to big shit One of your little man'sll be the one pay you a visit Enticed by them neighbors, they gave him a picture Twenty G's, some toolies, now he comin to getcha Wodie my life is like a football field He done crossed the line of scrimmage is the one I kill, and I feel that the marker should be first and goal And I got the ball of course, goin in to sco' - nigga What's my motherfuckin name? Wodie it don't matter What's the shit up in my hand? A piece of chrome manner And I just had me a blunt, and a cup of that gin Don't get scared now motherfucker you in trouble my friend [Juvenile] Get out the way now, hey.. Get out the way now, headbusters on the way now.. mm Get out the way now, headbusters on the way now.. uhh Get out the way now, the headbusters on the way now.. uhh Get out the way now, the CMR is on the way now.. mm Get out the way now, a Ju-ve-nile is on the way now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Hot Boys Album: Project English Song: 4 Minutes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B.G.] You know we don't drop hits, uh-uh We drop classics nigga, uh-huh Cash Money, c'mon, get at me nigga Nigga thuggin, is in my blood and my genes All the niggaz I fuck with they bling bling V.L. is my block my hood my set nigga Uptown is the spot where you get put to the test nigga Best be bout unloadin a Tec nigga You better protect your head, fuck the chest nigga I run with the killers guerillas and the headbusters I grew up with murderers and hustlers you can't trust 'em I been cut-throatin niggaz for a while now I stay to tapin and whoopin ballers who got plots of birds or chickens or ki's or bricks, whatever Click clack! I got to have it, no matter what, the, situation be I'm bout my fetti my dollars my loot my grip my green UPT 13 and CMB is what I represent for life and I'm H-O-T nigga (4, minutes, left!) [Juvenile] Dis bitch off the hook! Nigga never sleep Dis bitch full of crooks, they hunt for the weak Niggaz comin home tryin to hit 'em a lick Wanna bounce from a quarter ounce up to a brick Dem old side niggaz, them new side niggaz Might get loaded but they do ride niggaz They stuck in line, but right after it's all over The block party jumpin at Washington in Magnolia They smokin weed, they slangin D they sellin ki's While bitches shakin they ass in the middle of the street You representin? It better be M-A-G Or niggaz gon' get mad and, never let you leave A bill mine, 6th Street and Hadley Willow Street, Robertson and T.C. It's on fire from the wars they cause A bunch of ignorant motherfuckers wearin camoflauge (3, minutes, left!) [Lil Wayne] Yes, one-seven nigga, look Niggaz step down to the nasty, filthy, dirty Holly Grove, Carrington, 17 you heard me? Need them, birdies? You should see Weezy Prices, cheaper than the average, ki's be We be, thuggers, stunners, hustlers Kidnap mothers, rape with no rubbers What the, hell? What is that I smell? No it's not but it's a dead body by the canal My grill, platinum; necklace, platinum Rolex, platinum; Hot Boy, ask him Blunts, we pass 'em; guns, we have 'em We do not flash 'em unless we gon' blast 'em My clothes, Rees, Tees, Girbauds Fo'-fo's, semi-automatic calicos Brrrrrrr! Reload - *tch-chk* explode Let it be told, I'm from Holly Grove, what? (2, minutes, left!) [Turk] Look.. look, look Plenty got diamonds in my Rolex Two karats on my finger, ten around my fuckin neck It's a must everyday that I keep my pockets fat Got so many haters that's why I stay strapped on my gat I bust back back leave yo' bitch ass flat Trust that if you play with me I dress in black That's a fact don't make me click up with Karen and Brad-Brad(?) You head your lose that, ain't no comin back back, I'm tellin you Play with me your people people gon' be smellin you Make me pop and throw, six niggaz gon' carry you People don't have no money they can't bury you Don't have no insurance you be in the freezer a week or two Bought that insurin yourself cousin Get it how you live it nigga when they come cousin Gun I'ma peel it nigga you can run cousin Gun click get hit and you get stung cousin, stung cousin (I hope you got the message!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ TQ Album: Project English Song: My Life Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*TQ harmonizing at the start*} [Juvenile] Who the fuck - nigga hittin shots in the truck Hope I'm able to make this right turn, my Neon fucked The wodie that I'm with, bawlin up like a bitch instead of tryin to retaliate by bustin his shit My leg already fucked up, been playin it bald Now I gotta drive the car too, funny and all Left arm on the steerin wheel, right on the Mac Them niggaz brought it to me raw so I'm bringin it back Out the window with it dumb sinnin, but I crashed This boy went straight through window his stupid ass And I'm noticin I smell gas Gotta bust a airbag, get out the car fast and haul ass I still gotta duck bullets that cut through bricks What the fuck I did to make niggaz want do me like this Won't be long 'fore one of the bullets ignite the gas They'll meet - even the buildings gonna be ash [Chorus 2X: TQ - over harmonizing] My life my life my life my life My life my life my life my life Ain't no sunshine 'til they gone Ain't no sunshine 'til they gone [Juvenile] I'ma go on to survive but the story returns After bein treated several months for 3rd degree burns My lil cousin Denaun flipped out, and murdered his children I gotta go by my aunt now, he hurtin her feelings He's lookin at a L, swearin no need for a trial Accept it like a man bitch or live in denial Whatchu think the people gon' say, when they look at his file Hear that little boy, snicker he in here for a while I had a shit bag on me, I could barely walk Everybody knew the story but was scared to talk I read lips when I pull up, right after I park I hear a nigga say whass happen wo' but not from the heart Word gotta be out, a lot of tension's in the air black Your everyday niggaz ain't even muchly makin transac' If I think about a gun, I'ma get ten The people got they ears to the streets and they be listenin [Juvenile] Niggaz be knowin them bitches slippin when I'm dishin I'd rather be locked down in prison than come up missin But that goes to show you how fast the laws work They was peepin with somebody that punished them boys first Don't they know the people still thinkin I sent the hit I'd accept it if I did it but they wrong for that shit To the police, I sounded like the boy cryin wolf Cause they know I like slangin rice shootin dice with the crooks Everythang in life I accumulated I took It's a neverending episode, my life is a book I'm hot, so I'm ridin round up in Rock(?) There's a funeral pass, two cops and five limos Man that's one of them niggaz was tryin to snipe me I betcha everybody in that crowd don't like me I should go up in the bitch bustin But they got innocent bystanders that never did the clique nothin [Chorus] - repeat 2X {*TQ harmonizing*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Big Tymers Album: Project English Song: Get Your Hustle On Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Fa sho' nigga, off top Believe this playboy, fa sho' nigga [Baby] I'm the #1 stunna, don't flinch you bitch I cash in quick and go and flash my 6 Twenty inch dub niggaz how you love that bitch? 20 ki's or hard blocks, we call them bricks I'm a Uptown survivor, niggaz stash the lick Just bought a new Beemer, X-5 the bitch Puttin dubs with a kit nigga, flash yo' shit Puttin ice in my grill, fuck a classy bitch I'm a Uptown thug, can't you see that shit? I'm around the way hunt for quarter ki's and bricks You can catch me at the club with a ghetto bitch Or you can see me at my mansion with a nasty bitch Flat screen, loud music, me and Fresh a bitch Pullin out the driveway with new cars and shit Palm trees feelin good nigga we love this shit Watchin ducks nigga bucks, but hold up bitch [Chorus 2X: Juvenile] Let me get my hustle on, nigga all for Nol' Let me make a hundred mill', nigga slow but sho' Let me spin my new wheels in front yo' do' Let me hit the battlefield nigga slangin snow [Juvenile] I wonder why niggaz always be doin stupid shit No sense involved at all, it's foolishness Now if a nigga take it and somebody hit yo' stash is you goin to bust his ass or are you gonna let that pass? Besides, it only was a bundle of dough You a hustler nigga, you know how to get you some mo' Just tighten up yo' circle and surveillance your spot If you catch a nigga touchin somethin, he gettin got Now carry on with whatcha doin 'fore the people get hot Leave them hoes alone cause they the reason we gettin got If you owe a nigga pay him they be holdin a grudge He don't want to take a loss but he'll take it in blood Make sure fiends don't pass, make all the cash Big fired bags and floss on they ass I've been through some shit, that make me a survivalist I may be a lot of different things, but I'm not a bitch [Juvenile] But anyway, I'm not the subject of the matter All y'all bitch ass niggaz I'm comin after Cause the minute that I start slippin Look at who is gon' be tryin to get in my position, niggaz is grimin But what they don't know, I got some killers that's behind me I used to pull it off way back in the early 90's If any one of y'all wanna do it we can do it Don't hold it on your chest dog, don't be pumpin fluid [Baby] I'm a Uptown hunter on Washington 6th Set the line goin down (?) a bitch They got that iron Uptown and they slangin it quick Valence is my home, I'ma rep 'til I'm gone Valence and Magnolia, but Greyhead roam Magnolia Projects is where I set my roam Saratoga and (?), I call my home Ran through the Melphamine(?), nigga I did that shit {*ad libs to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ B.G., Big Tymers, Lil Wayne Album: Project English Song: Sunshine Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Juvenile] + (Mannie Fresh) Whoa-ohh-oh-ohh.. come down now rude bwoy Little Weezy Wez, try and take over as the rude bwoy now I got a gold two thousand Jag, and customized Cadillac (I got some shit with 17's on the front, and 20's on the back) My mom in a mansion, and my dad in a truck (Player my sister in a 2001 tinted and rimmed up) I take care of my baby mommas like we still together (When my brother get out of jail man I'ma buy him whatever) Credit in my yellow gold in exchange for white (Y'all saw me at the Source Awards, wasn't that shit like tight?) Cartier frames with wood grain on the ear (V.S.O.P. Hennessy, so save y'all fuckin beers) A diehard nigga, a 3rd Ward nigga (7th Ward hardhead ready for war nigga) A Cash Money clown, tattooed and scarred nigga (I ain't bitchin up for nar' one of y'all funky ass niggaz) Princess cuts, baguettes and marquises - what that say? (Bad motherfuckin baguettes in Chinese) [Chorus: repeat 2X] Sunshine - in the middle of the night Sunshine - with baguettes so bright Sunshine - every place that I be Sunshine - all of ya bwoys know me [B.G.] We be holdin the Cristal high so you can see The princess cutted Presidential Roley [Baby] Sho' Lil, won'tcha scratch the Rover, with the block TV (You lyin) Six in the headrest, all got new TV's [B.G.] Well look the other hand, holdin a blunt real high So you can see the Wonder Woman bracelet sunshine [Baby] 2000, Navigation on 19 inches My mom in the 6 I ain't out ya penny pincher [B.G.] God Bless Wayne, when I set foot on the scene I make you take a triple take, at the bling, the bling bling (what?) [Baby] Iced out sparklin millionaire on the flo' Hittin these hoes with shit they never seen befo' [B.G.] Now when you see my neck, you could just say ooh That Hot Boy from Cash Money's a fool [Baby] In our platinum Benzes with the cat eyes (eyes) Flat screens in my crib with the flat I's (I's) [Lil Wayne] Hold up - there go Wayne, everybody be quiet Oh my God! He's drivin from the passenger's side Million dollar conversation when I talk I'm shinin Nigga I.. puh, puh - spit out diamonds I change the grill on my truck so I don't blend with niggaz A young cat like me with Bill Clinton figures I'ma expensive nigga, drive Bentleys nigga (?) got it dropped on twenty inches nigga Best type got navigation system nigga VCR, PlayStation, televisions nigga You know stuntin is a habit, chrome on the Navi TV's in that rear headrest to entertain the traffic They call me the hot man, got the block on lock man All my cars chopped man, all my trucks drop man Trunk full of knock man, wrist full of rocks man Pants full of glocks man, sunshine spot man [Baby] Now you can catch me sunshinin on the lake on Sunday What's happenin Fresh? [Fresh] Don't fight, Sunny Delight - it's beautiful [Baby] Where, nigga, where you, where you be sunshinin at? [Juve] Yeah I be sunshin up in my, new Cadillac truck Or my new 2000 Jaguar, ya know me [Baby] My lil nigga Weezy went and got Baby on his right arm and Suga Slim on his left arm, whatchu think about that Jesus? (That's wonderful) Hahaha (that's lovely) that's true What, we gon' let, lovely take it out with his R&B album bout to come out, he don't give a fuck about a bitch.. {*all laughing*} [Fresh] Sunshine is a sport man.. [Baby] Lil Turk sittin there spookin somebody.. {*laughing to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Big Tymers Album: Project English Song: Be Gone Typed by: ice_man504@yahoo.com [Chorus  3x] (Sung) Bag gone, hat gone, coat gone Why don't cha get the hell on out the do' [Mannie Fresh] He told me number three was cheap Wit a chick, wit a stick, yeah them girls be freakin' Checkin' in motels every other weekend Say brah  I can't picture lil' one eatin' Boy you ain't know  fo' sho' she creepin' While she been tellin' me dog, she goin' to meetings Meeting Kitty wit her mouth That's what yo' chick 'bout Man, pass me my asthma pump, put lil' one out Sometimes I be likin'  when seenin' chicks dykin' Pissin' on each other, mud wrestling, and fightin' Hair everywhere, sratchin' and bitin' Pass me my asthma pump again man, this shit exciting I be like, "let's get jumped" like a game of checkers And I done cheat more chicks, than Nelly sold records E.I, C.I, turn a chick out Then give it to another chick and leave it up in her mouth [Chorus  2x] (Sung) Bag gone, hat gone, coat gone Why don't cha get the hell on out the do' [Baby] There's a story about a bitch named Sally A hot girl, lived in that rat-hoe alley She stayed sharp, stayed rockin' Balance And a fat pussy, laid down in the Cadi' Back of the seat or back of the Palace I'm a Hot Boy  it really don't matter My brother K.C plays them tellers That'll jump off, hit a stepper, whatever Michael Kipper, James Peter got a big better Dick gotta a bitch in Miami  a dick-sweater Like Delores from A.T.L, "The Freak of the Week" She did me, Slim, Joe, and Tiki I don't care, bitch just ride Shake yo' pussy, and shake yo' thigh Get yo' hat, get yo' coat, it's time to ride Baby girl lookin' at me like she surprise [Chorus  2x] (Sung) Bag gone, hat gone, coat gone Why don't cha get the hell on out the do' [Mannie Fresh] Let me tell you about another one of my lovers I caught the ignorant chick pokin' holes in rubbers Talkin' 'bout she late, sorry no wait Girl you fucked me, Mike Tyson, and O.J [Baby] These hoes be pullin' they raw tactics Baby makin' and jaw-jackin' Mami suck dick like a lowrider Ooh-wee, don't stop her [Mannie Fresh] Thinkin' that I'ma claim that baby Girl you coo-coo, stupid, dumb, and crazy His eyes green, and his hair wavy Thought you had me huh?, got me, playin' me [Baby] She movin' like a nigga hittin' switches But I bet I'd hit that old shitty She a popper, H.G non-stopper She from Uptown, baby girl don't knock her [Chorus  till end] (Sung) Bag gone, hat gone, coat gone Why don't cha get the hell on out the do' [Mannie Fresh  over chorus] (Talking) Nah shawty, don't cry now Get them old ass iron skates you left up under the bed And them old ass pro cases that you had, and all them beta tapes And get your old ass beeper You know that beeper that look like a garage opener The one that you had, get that shit up out my drawer and get on out of here Yeah you got to leave, got to go Get that rat coat, that old ass coat that you said was a mink Shit ain't nothin' but a big ass nutria rat Oh yeah, and get your cell phone That big ass cell phone wit the car battery hooked up to it The one that be causin' Cancer, you know that big ass football you wear on your face, hurtin' and shit Get your old ass cell phone And get them Chic Jeans, that Jamaica Joe shirt, and them Hearochees that yo' ass was wearing when you came here And them big fake ass "Salt-N-Peppa" earrings You know them earrings Salt-N-Peppa had in the 80's You better get them bitches up outta here too And get them footy socks, the ones wit the balls in the back That's yours too, you need to get that, get on outta here You know what i'm sayin', I use to love you, I don't love you no more Don't like you no more, none of that, you know what I'm sayin' And get your Cutlass keys Get your old ass Cutlass, the one that we parked off the block You know what I'm sayin', 'cause I didn't want it in my driveway 'cause it was leakin' oil Get your old ass Cutlass key's and get in your Cutlass and ride out Yeah, you hood roach, you ain't even a rat, you a roach Yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Project English Song: Mamma Got Ass Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Juvenile] (Daa-aaa-aamn!) She get it from her mamma She get it from her mamma, she get it from her mamma (Bring it on in) She get it from her mamma (Uh-huh) She get it from her mamma (Uh-ah) She get it from her mamma (uh-ah) (Uh-ah, uh-ah, uh-ah) She get it from her mamma Oh where she get her eyes from? She get it from her mamma Oh where she get her thighs from? She get it from her mamma Where she learn how to cook from? She get it from her mamma Oh where she get them looks from? She get it from her mamma But where she get that ass from? She get it from her mamma But where she get her class from? She get it from her mamma Oh where she get that chest from? She get it from her mamma Where she learn how to dress from? She get it from her mamma Where does she get her sense from? She get it from her mamma Where does she get her income? She get it from her mamma Look, where she get that walk from? She get it from her mamma Nigga where she get that talk from? She get it from her mamma I wonder why she so crazy - She get it from her mamma Why she wanna be my old lady? She get it from her mamma Why she be actin like that? She get it from her mamma Why she ain't give me the cat? She get it from her mamma [Chorus: repeat 2X] A big fine woman'll make you smile when she pass you Damn that girl sexy, her mamma got ass too A big fine woman'll make you smile when she pass you Damn that girl sexy, her mamma got ass too [Juvenile] Why she swear she the boss? She get it from her mamma Why she always gotta call the law? She get it from her mamma Why we always havin arguments? She get it from her mamma Why she always gotta call her friends? She get it from her mamma Why she always gotta piss me off? She get it from her mamma Why she always gotta take the call? She get it from her mamma Why she wore the tight jeans man? She get it from her mamma Got a nigga ridin hard and I'm tweakin - She get it from her mamma Why she gotta make it look at honey speakin? She get it from her mamma Why she got me tryin to get with her this weekend? - She get it from her mamma And I heard she could fuck too - She get it from her mamma She'll leave and make ya stuck too - She get it from her mamma Who told her I was fuckin 'round? She get it from her mamma Who told her I was back in town? She get it from her mamma Who said don't be scared of him? She get it from her mamma Who said you better marry him? She get it from her mamma [Juvenile] Who told her not to fuck with me? She get it from her mamma Who told her I'ma fuckin leave? She get it from her mamma Who said I'm smokin marijuana? She get it from her mamma Who said I be up on the corner? She get it from her mamma All my ties all cut up, shit - She get it from her mamma Why my windows all bust up, bitch? She get it from her mamma Oh where she get the lip from? She get it from her mamma Oh where she get them hips from? She get it from her mamma Where she learn how to twurk from? She get it from her mamma Where she learn how to work from? She get it from her mamma Why does she be with that trippin? She get it from her mamma We be chillin and she start to flippin - She get it from her mamma But she still with a nigga doe - She get it from her mamma And she'll kill for a nigga doe - She get it from her mamma And when she's shy it's to draw attention - She get it from her mamma Natural with no extension - She get it from her mamma {*quiet ad libs to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Big Tymers Album: Project English Song: They Lied Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Juvenile] I'm pot, and I can't say shit about skillet If you got a spot movin sellin bricks I can feel it Done mapped it all out, done made some phone calls We all got big dreams of seein the project ball After all, seperation is the downfall Instead of a chain of command niggaz wanna shot call That overnight money could be lose-your-life money Everybody want the crooked instead of the right money And then I ain't no better either, cause I lead a life of crime if I gotta fight for mine Look - somebody ain't leavin with a stripe this time Y'all don't want a drunk nigga gettin hype with nines My ex-girl done told me I can't see my children I hope nobody play with me cause I might kill them Shit, motherfuckers ain't never satisfied If you think niggaz don't have problems - they lied You niggaz think we don't have problems? They lied to ya You niggaz think we ain't with problems? Look they lied to ya You niggaz think we all hoes? Look they lied to ya Y'all think we dirty in our nose? Look they lied to ya You niggaz think we don't have problems? Look they lied to ya You niggaz think we ain't with problems? They done lied to ya You niggaz think we all hoes? They done lied to ya Y'all think we dirty in our nose? They done lied to ya [Baby] Fa sho' wodie Don't get me fucked up, cause you seen me on a movie We keep it real hood when we do a fuckin movie You saw us on the video, playin with hoes But you can find me in my ghetto nigga, totin a fo'-fo' I'm real with this shit nigga we dash on five-oh A big dice game nigga fuck them five-oh's I keep the same game nigga crack a guerilla hoe I play the same thangs but my prices get cheaper though I pull up in the Range Rover twenty inch mo-mo's I been through hard times, that nobody know Slang dimes crack times you could believe that wo' Comin through in the Bentley V-12 y'know Ten a ki is the price and we don't love no hoes Water whip playin games slangin bad ya-yo Jam him up and bust his head while he on that dope I got a bad feelin so I needs to go Fa sho' - you understand? Nigga outta line? You better bust his motherfuckin head wodie [Chorus] - 0.75X [Juvenile] I'm the motherfucker killed your boy, and what? You gon' do somethin bout it? Bitch nigga then stand up I'm not responsible for all the people that's gon' bitch out And innocent bystanders, that be up on yo' blocks Ain't no encyclopedia could teach me the hood How to not give out no credit and distribute the goods How police gon' hound me, investigate 'round me Catch me with a firearm them bitches gon' down me And I'm beefin with the biggest nigga in the city with work Ain't no tellin who he got workin for him in blue shirts If I hurt, then you hurt, you got work? I take yours I gotta records durin the season like the Lakers It's not for fun I got a gun you try to run I'm poppin one I'm to' up from the flo' up, just look at what the block done done I can't sleep - cause I'm too far in it I took over this motherfucker cause I knew y'all finished [Juvenile] F'real man I ain't tryin to disrespect none of you niggaz out chea If you do what you do, do it well KnowhatI'msayin? I ain't playa hatin I'm congratulatin I'm tryin to teach you niggaz how to get offa these streets And how to accumulate money, so you can be successful like the rest of these niggaz that are out chea, that's on TV These niggaz on MTV, BET, The Box and what have we All you niggaz could be successful But I want y'all motherfuckers to know we suffer just like y'all Man we go through it, we been through it But I'll slang iron if I gotta protect mine, believe that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Baby, Lil Wayne Album: Project English Song: White Girl Typed by: NykiasStriker@aol.com (Lil Wayne) Listen...I'ma hundred percent hussla from my face to my feet My lifetime cases the street, my dime places the street Until I wake and see another fuckin day is relief I pray that he keep, I'm scrappin my knees from chasing this cheese I had point guard dreams of playin for some team Hit the block and made NBA money in one week See I hussle in the hood and plus I fly birdies And play the tracks out every month so I can ride dirty needed someone to manage my money I hired Shelly But Shelly started talkin to much so she died early They got me loadin up my Benz with my eyes blurry I sent the message to the fucker at bout five thirty Now if the bitch aint got my dice for me then I'm sorry But i'ma leave everyone who outside bloody And then I go in the stash get the coke and the cash I'm lettin niggas score it for half, I'm hopein it last But still nigga don't, I might have to just go in the lap And if its slow in the ass back to the rope and the mask (Chorus) (Lil Wayne) Man we got that white girl, and wigga talk bout uh price to make it right for you And if you like that alllright then we got what you neeed And if you like that nasty broad then we got low ki's.. Dog who got um? We got that white girl and wigga talk about uh price to make it right for you And if you like that alllright then we got what you neeed And if you like that nasty broad we got them low ki's.. Man who got um? We got that white girl and wigga talk about uh price to make it right for you And if you like that alllright then we got what you neeed And if you like that nasty broad we got them low ki's.. Playa who got um? (Juvenile) I hate when a nigga flex up and he's makin it sound As though he been doin that border, but that nigga would drown My block been infiltrated by uh whole lot of fake ass niggas Scared ass niggaz, wont even bust uh grape ass niggaz I'm talkin to you! so take it how you want ho I've been here for uh minute, so I looked up and you dont move Ya partnuhs been fuckin wit ya cause they know how you is Niggas be smackin ya and humpin you and snatchin yo shit Matter fact get the fuck out my face, befo' I put you in ya place I'm one secound from bustin the drapes Well you can get ya money and all but not ch'ere Lil daddy I been runnin this section for 5 years, first of all I dont like ya I dont know ya, run and get ya gun if you want I'm gon show ya You one of them niggaz try earning your stripe  Lil daddy I'm one of them niggaz that'll hit ya at night (Chorus) (Baby) That liquor like dope nigga I gots to have it, Cook flip the brick with some heavy traffic Guns gon bust if these niggas be lackin Cadallac, gold spokes, brick head, and baskets Overflow this bitch white work gone faster Tradegy of uh murder case twisted and laughin In the bentley drop top and Pac is blastin Hit the hood jumpin the cop, we start the stashin Bunch of white t-shirts phone calls harrasment Bought a pot on that shit make it hot and ejectin He standin on my two feet he purrin "I aint blastin" Coming up from child hood days about my cashing Hundred g's on the trunk of the Escalade Cadi I never did listen , I never mind my daddy My brother gave him a game cookin in an ally 4 bricks two guns I'm runnin to my parents (Chorus) - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Project English Song: In Ya Ass Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Juvenile] Look I'm tryin to live right now Make a better place for my kids right now Or get out my face is how it is right now All I wanna have is my own shit right now.. So much go through my head all day The game situation is be paid or played I gotta eat the lottery is not for me it's homicide and robbery And a twenty room mansion, buck-naked with a lot of freaks It ain't cool if my people don't eat they part of the reason I got away from all that bullshit, that thuggin and thievin And as far as this Cash Money shit it's part of my blood And we feed each other everyday by showin 'em love It don't matter what we came into we gonna stay blood And whoever sleepin on it dem dat's gonna wake up I need dough to feed me and my people To get a pie and eat special from, Julio's Fuck ya boy, I don't care, who he know Just make sho', that he pay, who he owe I ain't tryin to be a bully I just want what I earned He's a hardheaded child and it's time to be learned [Chorus 2X: Juvenile] You don't like me, yeah? Well fuck you in ya ass Niggaz is pure pussy and they made me mad You don't like me, yeah? Well fuck you in ya ass Niggaz is pure pussy and they made me mad [Juvenile] I've seen shit that a child my age, shouldn'ta saw They bustin right over the backseat of a stolen car I was seven they had to be about nine or ten His momma Fay she done ran through who's dyin again Damn but I don't really think she mean what she say As soon as she smoke that crack, shit done fucked with her head Momma gon' love her kids, any place, anywhere And if momma don't love her children, then momma need prayer Durin the struggles of my life I learned to take heed to shit I paid attention to everything that went on in the bricks All of the early morning rushes to the late night fights I always visioned that one day this would be my life Back then it wasn't gravy, the street wasn't right Especially in our house, we didn't eat some nights On come new technology these days and times And it gave us other avenues and ways to grind Fuck what you got nigga, I'm makin mine I messed up my first lil change, I'ma be straight this time To the fullest, always huntin, for it to spend I went out and got it dawg, I can do it again [Juvenile] Get off the block lil nigga this my spot lil nigga I don't care what you got you get shot lil nigga I been thuggin, and I'm lovin my life The reason I made it to here because I been livin trife For spite stoppin knockin old niggaz off Tryin to be the fuckin boss and shotcall Ride round in the toughest cars, double R's Fuckin over niggaz don't want see me ball Now which one of your peers wanna come do this I ain't with all of that talkin cause my gun do flip Lift niggaz off they feet when they run they lip Tryin to tell you bout people, tell you that chick's on chips You don't like me, yeah? Well fuck you in ya ass Niggaz is pure pussy and they made me mad I'm straight off of the street that's why I'm out chea bad Comin through yo' door with a bag and a Mag [Juvenile] If you don't like me nigga, nigga come out Fuck, I don't like you either though bitch-ass nigga Boy-ass nigga.. what? Fuck you in ya ass Da da da Da da da da.. hahahaha I don't like you either though Punk, pussy, candy-ass nigga Wearin another nigga drawers ass nigga Take it like a man ya heard me? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Baby, Lil Wayne, Turk Album: Project English Song: Set it Off (Radio Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] (Okay) Uh-huh (uh-huh) okay (mmhmm) uh-huh (Mmhmm) Street mix (street mix) (Uh-huh) Listen, listen, listen.. (Ladies and gentleman!) Okay I'm Weezy Wee the man and I reps it well And it's gon' be Cash Money whether death or jail Catch me flossin in the hood, tryin to get at ya girl Or in a Porsche like a bat out of hell - vrrrrooom Now I'ma tell ya how it is and no matter the cost Respect me or get a shot to where you gather your thoughts Got a Escalade wavin on them deep dish rims And got ya girl sayin "We just friends" - I ain't trippin I'ma do it for my city so ya gotta get with it Blue-eyed Bentley, knew I'd get it, uh-huh From the streets of the dirty, it's humid and muddy We get money or it get bloody, ya hoid me? I got some freaks on my side that you'll like And somethin on my wrist colder than a Coors Light It's SQ-7 CMB it's life It's Hot Boy forever Weezy Wee get right, uh-huh (Ladies and gentleman!) [Chorus 2X: Juvenile] A wodie, whassup? Wodette, whassup? A wodie, whassup? Set it off in this mother whassup? A wodie, whassup? A wodette, whassup? A wodie, whassup? Set it off in this mother whassup? [Baby] I'm the #1 stunna Baby, B, Bryan and Bubba  Got that Crist' in my hand, a pistol in the other Olde English and Hot Boy bout to get in some trouble Plus I'm leanin off the liquor, bout to get at your woman I'm runnin with them HPG's, them Uptown thugs I ain't buyin the bar homey I'm buyin the club So momma look, get chea, show me whassup Put some straightenin on them dubs, and show me some love Like Hennessy, (?), clean, G You gotta admit it that's the way it's supposed to be I'm the bird man homey and I'm sellin them cheaps Put hits on bustaz while I'm brushin my teefs Can't quit this now cause you done played it too strong Stunna call you on it 'til I'm dead and gone One love to them Hot Boys, sellin that wrong And my homies in the pen, from usin they phones [Turk] Look, forget what ya heard dawg, Turk still thuggin You got me messed up, bout to make me start bustin Trust me, I don't miss cousin And the last thing you see is fire and blood gushin I'm a lil' thug, always strapped with that thang You get killed thug, when you're messin with me main I run with real soldiers called the B.G.F. Ready for anything you could believe dat dere I guess it's in us to be the way that we be We all from Uptown, from the 3 'til the 13th We tote choppers, with a hundred in 'em And you see them dome shots we bout, runnin in 'em We play it raw, give a know what about the law They get stole too when they, messin with us My team still strong, we all from the hood CMR for life, come between? Wish you would {*Juvenile ad libs to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Project English Song: In the Nolia Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Juvenile] Say Bubba I'm glad you, gave me the green light so I can write some shit, for my hood And talk about the shit I see Y'knahmsayin? I've been waitin for this chance to do this and express my motherfuckin self, and still make fun at the shit Y'all ready to do this? You might get flipped in the Nolia You might get water whipped in the Nolia And niggaz is a trip in the Nolia They be on some shit in the Nolia Them hoes be twerkin in the Nolia Police be lurkin in the Nolia My pockets be hurtin in the Nolia You gotta be workin in the Nolia I hit my first bitch in the Nolia I hit my first lick in the Nolia I opened up shop in the Nolia I damn near got popped in the Nolia I be up in the cuts in the Nolia Hemmin them niggaz up in the Nolia Oh yeah we stick together in the Nolia Down for whatever in the Nolia Magnolia my home, and it's gon' always be You get a trespassin charge when you fuckin with me Magnolia my home, and it's gon' always be You get a trespassin charge when you fuckin with me [Juvenile] Yeah I was strugglin in the Nolia Came up on nothin in the Nolia Nigga was hustlin in the Nolia Junkies was rushin in the Nolia I done had fights in the Nolia Damn near lost my life in the Nolia We play the porch in the Nolia We hang out in the courts in the Nolia We be on the flight in the Nolia We be up all night in the Nolia I used to live in the Nolia Ever since a kid in the Nolia Nigga gettin busted in the Nolia Some niggaz can't be trusted in the Nolia A nigga got jacked in the Nolia Got stabbed in the back of the Nolia [Juvenile] Nigga shoot dice in the Nolia We fuckin nigga wifes in the Nolia We always act our ass in the Nolia We always have a splash in the Nolia Oh yeah we havin wars in the Nolia Shootin at niggaz cars in the Nolia We all go to ki's in the Nolia We all wear soldierees in the Nolia Dem hoes thick fine in the Nolia We throw second lines in the Nolia We got no cheap in the Nolia Come and holla at my peeps in the Nolia The shit don't ever stop in the Nolia It's always pepper hot in the Nolia We got a lot of thugs in the Nolia But we got a lot of love in the Nolia [Chorus] - repeat 1.5X [Juvenile] Uhh, yeah For my T.C. niggaz, my bootleg niggaz This for my motherfuckin 6th street niggaz My LaSalle street niggaz Yeah, my Belmont niggaz, yeah My Magnolia niggaz Fuck with us you gonna get fucked over nigga For who? This one for my Magnolia niggaz Fuck with us you gonna get fucked over nigga Yeah, believe dat! I can't see it no other way.. {*repeats and fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Lil Wayne Album: Project English Song: What U Scared 4 Typed by: WutUScared4@aol.com [Juvenile] I'd be a stupid motha fucka if I'm stuck in his pot I aint waitin to see what nigga out here love me or not I say I hate em from a distance and they scopin' my neck But these diamonds even cost me M-R and cars on my deck And I can already vision people sayin I'm wrong But I rather his momma than my momma singin that song Besides chickens gon' be chickens and ducks gonna be ducks And I'm all around guerrilla that love playin them cuts Im'a attached to the streets, those niggas in the pens  Started problems wit ol' tymers that did ten And this bitch curly head still been in the case But he aint man enough to leave a real one in the face And to you 4-6 and 8 bitches wit t.v. Pranks You jeopardize my living quarters, wanna see me sank But I got news for everyone of y'all I know who yah is, plus I won't be satisfied until I go in yah crib [Hook] Whatcha getting scared for? Don't get spooked You was a bad mother fucker at first stunt too Lookin fed up so me and Wheezy we comin through And who ever sides yappin we gon' punish em too (Repeat x2) [Lil Wayne] Armed and Dangerous, Rich and Famous, Young and Restless Guns and Stretcha's, Crystal and dubs for breakfast I just got one suggestion, ask yah Testem, this cuz get hectic  Send one through your son's intestines  Lock, snock lung through testin's If the portrait, bodies piled up on porches, it won't be gorgeous  Ride with the torch, scorchin, ready to blaze Step in me ways, kidnap your car for 70 days And let it be said Holly Grove's the home of a soldier And if a nigga breathe wrong than it's over I never love ya, my metal slug ya If you kept on fuckin wit the squad Put the coward's stomach by his thighs, nothin survives And as far as the coke, 20 bricks month and supply And as far as the dope, plenty chips come and say "Hi" Drop 3-2 roll, all black, buttons and shyer I don't need you hoe Jack my dick, cum in yah eyes What? [Hook] [Lil Wayne] Nigga C'mon You gotta love us Bumpin inside of humma's Ride as thugga's, we who be Think that them coward's busta's Why we hustlin in they sleep We be in that powder smuggle by the doubles every week And if one of them cowards run up try to knock him off his feet The brotha is Wheezy, love it or leave me Gats hug it and squeeze it Crack, bundle it easy Run it wit these n' murderers, crooks and x-cons Yah test mine I give it to yah chest 6 times [Juvenile] I believe in me and my family cuz niggas is broads  That leave you slanted, thugged out wit a conspiracy charge All pussy aint the pussy like money and drugs I'm dickin bitches that trial and I'm the jury and judge I make sure I separate it, though I hate when I love Its just me, Cash Money Millionaires that wackin the plug Wud-up Lil Wheezy, im laid back up in the cut if yah need me Its love believe me [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Juvenile f/) Baby, Lac, Steppa, Mike, Sickwitit, Big G Album: Project English Song: Outro - Let's Go Typed by: Cuttboys@hotmail.com [Baby talking] Whut's happ'n, whut up G(G-G)(H-B-G's nigga)believe dat Hot Boy fo life Nigga, we gon' do this for all tha projects around tha world right (Mag, Melph, Callio)H-B-G's, B-G-F, we ridin out on this Project English Whut's up G, nigga speak on it(we ride for tha projects)I'm bout to give These niggas some live entertainment(B-G-F, H-B-G's muthafucka) [Baby] Whodi, uh, jump shop let's do this, bitch get wit this Hot Boys, slow down lil' daddy fo' I hit you wit this cannon Who, huhn, what, where Lil' daddy you can stop & stare Do ya thang ya fool, bitch I been here, I grew here, bitch I been here Hot Girls, Hot Boys Bling blingin', ridin' in them new toys Weezy, Geezy, Turk, Superstar We dippin' ridin' in them new toys Juvy's Project English Baby, bitch I mean this [Big G talking] This Big G, get wit em Killa star [Lac] I'm from tha Nolia where foot soldiers ride Benz & shit Where cut throaters always posin' as yo friends & shit Where news reporters bulletproof they camera lens & shit A trigger click over & over behind them ends & shit Yeah all this time had yall thinkin' that it was cool uptown Like a nigga don't lose they life from them tools uptown Every night a different nigga catch tha blues uptown It's so trife young students shoot up schools uptown An A-T-F kickin' in do's atleast twice a week It's like I'm hustlin' fo' my health, I can't get past a ki I'm either duckin' tha po po' or tied up in beef I'm bangin' up this slow poke who got caught in tha streets [Steppa talking] Bitch yall think this a game, Baby ain't playin, he doin' this here Yall know me, Steppa ya dig, I ain't just start doin' this here I been around ya dig what I'm sayin', I come from tha old school I was taught this ya heard me & he know ya dig what I'm sayin' Whatever, killin', whatever, ya dig Sick wit it, ain't no joke Tell em what time it is Mike [Mike talking] This Mike straight out tha pen, just from doin' ten Originial head busta, 3rd Ward Hot Boy [Sickwitit talking] This that Sickwitit ya heard me, straight out that Melph Yall muthafuckas better recpect it cause Cash Money done hooked up wit A real killa, a head busta ya heard me, I'm a H-B-G & we rollin wit tha B-G-F's ya heard me, so you better get wit it or I'm gonna get wit you Ya heard Me [Big G talking] This Big G nigga, O-G Cash Money Hot Boy fo' life nigga respect it or Check it, get wit it nigga [Baby talking] Fa sho' homie & Elden I'm ridin' for ya & all these gangstas that We Forgot & didn't get a chance to get on it, we ridin' for ya, time out For ya, Cash Money Hot Boy, Project English baby, lets get this money The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Juve the Great Song: Intro Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Juvenile] Bitches is pullin' out they best suits Gangstas is gettin' dressed too Don't even underestimate the power of a test tube It's a fo' sho' shot, some of these niggaz know not That's why they so hot, always up in them dope spots I hope my niggaz really feel what I'm sayin' I'm tryin' to put lil' wodie up on this game And dick suckers ain't playin' And duck nigga, look I won't remain You're stuck even if it don't restrain I'ma be in the cut Some of you got it, some of you fuckin' up Better get your life together 'fore you lose that bruh You got cocaine you better move that bruh You got a ring you better lose that bruh You got a habit, better lose that bruh Don't even choose that bruh, so move on I did this album right here for keepin' me and you strong...  That's right cousin I did this album right here for me and my people, ya heard me? And we got the Lord on our side So can't nothin' you do or say to me bother me Cousin, I'ma be here 'til it's all over with I've been through a lot the past few years But I ain't holdin' no grudges It's all about me and my family, U.T.P.   This is how we eat, cousin What?! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Mannie Fresh Album: Juve the Great Song: In My Life Typed by: guerilla016@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Mannie - talking] Ladies and Gentlemen, boys and girls, lil' children, dogs and cats Right about now you are listening to the incredible drum patterns of DJ Mannie, Fresh, Fresh, Fresh Fresh, Fresh, Fresh, Fresh Fresh, Fresh, Fresh, Fresh LADIES AND GENTLEMEN! [Mannie Fresh] I'm a buy cars, I'm a get clothes, I'm a rock jewels  Marble on floors, I'm a blow tweeds  Got alot of drinks, steppin out, gators, coca-cola mink [Juvenile] I need it in my life, I want it in my life  Come put it in my life, I'm a keep it in my life [Verse 1: Juvenile] Its ya boy Juvi, from the Magnolia, still loc'in You girls gon' know whats up with me, bust it wide open Loose chest, loose booty, round down and up If a gangsta can't touch it, what you bouncin it fu' Now give me leway, watch how a G play Watch how my name get caught up in he she say It's UTP say, we with the streets hay They represent us when they hear us at the DJs Break bread with me player, demand with me thought we was people your supposed to spend your cash with me I'm in here last with me, hold me down Give me a whip, give me a trick and let her blow me down I'm so gutter, I'm so slick, I'm so grimy I promise you something, I bet you gon find me I'm a eat, purchase, whatever I please CO, give me the keys, aww please, I need two of these [Verse 2: Juvenile] I'ma be so courageous, and so contagious 'Til my fuckin rap sheets gonna receive mo' pages Listen to Juve cause this my year mon (my year mon) +400 Degreez+ and I'm bout to kick it in gear mon (in gear mon) Don't you see the soldiers and vogues when I appear mon (appear mon) About bein written on my face cause I don't fear none (don't fear none) Me and my team got a scheme to go light the block up Skip's movin the work, and Wacko poppin the chopper I scream the "U" cause I mean it The difference is you be throwin yo' shit up when you scream it - I seen it! Shit all the obstacles that I been through What made you think, I'ma be scared of a bitch like you? I'm ya dawg, let me get it on consignment You ain't paid them last people yet, dawg, don't even remind me I gained knowlege, my game polished and it's obvious You can't block it, you can't knock it, this is profit! [Verse 3: Juvenile] Can I untape the clips and chill? Show my bricks is real? Can my people shop in Beverly Hills? I got alot of work I know thats gonna be ahead of me still But my beast mentality gon' keep me ahead of the field Pardon me, but I got paper to chase Now cut all your talking and bring me straight to the safe I know where the cameras at and I'm destroying the tape I'm not leaving no evidence but a feret to the trase I had a problem on my hand, a few bills I hadn't been payin' I figured about a lil' less than 75 grand And my dog Rocky caught a nickel for a pistol Its serious when the federales comin' to get you Life is at a standstill outcher in this damn field What you say can get you and ya mans killed Its my last chance to come up, its gotta be hit Juvi come another first round lottery pick The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Juve the Great Song: Enemy Turf Typed by: BigPru504@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1: Juvenile] C'mon...... C'mon... I bet if I pull a pistol and pop you, you gon' tell me where its at you see the blood shotted eyes with the taped up clips in the mac black hood with black gloves, bandanna round the mouth a nigga posted up on every perimeter around your house and we didn't come here for a meeting, or here to loose time we some niggaz who wanna be eating better in due time muther fuck leaving the block, better to use nines It ain't no secret I'm cheap, however my jewels shines The prisons got way more niggaz than the streets do who average more than 30 murders a week (nigga we do) It ain't a war thang, its a fuck me, fuck y'all thang And we got hoes that know how to sneak guns in the bars man So think twice about leaving the gun in the car man Nigga don't give a fuck about moving son on the wall man Ain't no everybody, its yourself and you all in If you paying traps you don't deserve to be balling [Chorus: repeat 2X] Its enemy turf that I'm on so I'ma play it how it go cock the hollow points into my black calico I'ma make all these bitch niggaz respect me right please let me hit another lick, I'ma be set for life [Verse 2: Juvenile] Look I'ma solid 170, lips like Bill Bellamy Fresh out of the court house from whipping the felony Didn't really want to hurt her, but you know how it is You better not ever disrespect me hoe in front of my kids ayo the cops be rolling, therefore I fucks with no one I went and copped me 4 guns, I'm bout to bust this open To all you bitch niggaz doubting the force, its gon' get ugly I'm that nigga that'll fuck you up quick, thats why the streets love me Catch me posted with Lil' Weezy, (?) I'm doing it Niggaz having problems with coke but we still moving it Whatever's on the market I can work it I ain't scared, I ain't nervous, give it to Juve dog and watch me serve it You holding on the coke now whats the purpose, (?) gon hook it up too nigga the scheme is perfect, ya heared me now why is you acting like it ain't worth it you gon' make me take it, nigga I gotta make it [Talking] Say nigga, heard a nigga picking (?) Heard a nigga got all kinda shit ever since he hit that lick he don't want to fuck with a nigga, but look this what we gonna do man I want you to go get your niggaz and go find that muther fucker do him in ain't nuthing going on around this muther fucker if I ain't got my hands in it I put a nigga on his feet and this how he gonna treat a nigga ? I promise, I put this on my babies dawg, we gon get that motherfucker [Verse 3: Juvenile] They talking bout' putting a sting on me cuz they say I've been making too much Fuck what they talking bout', this how I grew up But this ain't nuthing new bruh, we been throwing this "U" up We had some altercations and things but they got blew up New has and Curly head them niggaz dirty in the TC Shit that a G like me couldn't even tell you on a CD So i'ma make all of my enemies never forget me You looking at one of the realest niggaz from Feret Street The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Baby Album: Juve the Great Song: Bounce Back Typed by: phatmac_onyx_bigl@hotmail.com [Chorus: Juvenile] I'm about to bounce back b-bounce bounce back I'm about to bounce back b-bounce bounce back Bounce back bounce back b-bounce back I'm about to bounce back bounce b-bounce back Bounce back bounce back b-bounce back I'm about to bounce back b-bounce bounce back Bounce back bounce back b-bounce back I'm about bounce back bounce b-bounce back [Verse 1: Juvenile] You ever had corns on your fingers from squeezing the mack to much Nigga be rhyming the dice game where me and lil wack grew up Tripping stolen strip cars for a living Stayed away from home when ever they was bitchin We used to rush the customers for sales when they pull up in cars Until undercovers started putting us behind bars Menace to society is all we watch In the back seat straped with the throw away glocks I got some partners in the business never seeing the light Your people would gota cocking if your cheese be right You know I've been holding it down playa you a dog I'm a real nigga I ain't gonna stop accepting your phone call I'm a blow and toss a hoe for you, like I'm supposed to do I'm serious and focused to you, know I am over do The first nigga to park a Rolls Royce in the bricks While I fly private jet out of town by a bitch [Verse 2: Juvenile] Tryin to be here to see my seeds, when they have they seeds Long as I breathe ain't nothin in this world that they can't be Yeah I done fucked up, slipped and sniffed that coke Started tweakin and broke in them people house next do' Shot a nigga for smokin rocks on my mom back porch Damn near graduated and got on that dope My, work is an art, I am better than smart Homey I hustle with a strategy that's never been taught I can make the coke flip, I can make a hoe strip, I can spray the whole clip,  I take nothing from no bitch I got the money in the case, 45 in the waist Pitbulls in the yard so stay away from my gate Could you believe a nigga feelin like he still ain't ate? Huh, y'all don't understand you shoulda seen my plate Would love to give you some credit, but even you said it Be serious about your money and right now I'm tryin to get it [Verse 3: Baby] I'm on a mission lil' daddy Put this paint on the caddy Nigga ridin threw the hood and we blowing on candy Stay G'd up from my head to my feet I was raised in the 3rd that's the heart of the streets Saw death and crime for the first same time Them rims don't shine just a vision of mine Put this shit back together cause I stay on the grind Nigga know I gets me I stunt all the time For the dead and the gone, the young and the grown O.G. mother fuckers who be getting it on Niggaz stunting and they shining bling blingin all the timin I hold my hood down for the shit that I'm driving Nigga thug to death, remember the projects Juve came back now you bitches upset Nigga know how we getting it cause we getting it on Keep it coming, keep it getting, bitch my money is long The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Skip, Wacko Album: Juve the Great Song: Down South Posted Typed by: hotboy_slym@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus 2x Juvenile] Ay yo we down south posted and we counting our figures Know how to treat these bitches and how to handle these niggas Don't paly with us lil daddy becuase we'll have you in stiches It's UTP right here and we about getting our riches [Verse 1: Juvenile] I pledge aleadgence with the four nickle you niggas know pickle Cock the pistol point my issue at you and whoadie who with you Your body ain't nothing but greasle I can see threw the tissue They gone think you was in gymnastics how this chopper gone flip you I might have to crash the party if niggas gets me started Better watch this big glock forty because this bitch gets retarted Fuck with me shorty I can teach you how to be flawless NOPD want to see me up in court with them lawyers Hating planting them charges take a nigga reguardless Fuck them and duck them though tell them they suck on a hard dick When we was wilding in the nolia they was calling us babies I guess the same shit went on in the eighties they still crazy I'm with it too kind of sneaky know how to get at you Not trying to have momma crying and miserable I already know what guns can do I done seen some of the worst niggas get blown in two Come on [Chorus 2x Juvenile and Skip] Ay yo we down south posted and we counting our figures (Skip says: Ha) Know how to treat these bitches and how to handle these niggas Don't play with us lil daddy because we will have you in stiches (Skip says: Pow) It's UTP right here and we about getting our riches [Verse 2: Skip] Yeah she say she love me (yeah) everytime she fuck me (yeah) But then she saying fuck me (fuck me) evertime we fussing Skip I'm sick of hustling (sick) boy you just disgusting Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah bitch don't you tell me nothing All you know is dollars (dollars) dulche and cabona (ha) Gucci fendi chanel manolo prada all you are is problems I can't help you solve so when you think just think nah don't invole him (what) Hang up when you calling (nah) caller id all of them If it's no number I don't answer ain't no sense in calling Bitch I'm back to balling like I fell off Like if I was doing bad I'm gonna tell y'all What I can tell y'all except suck dick and swallow Yeah you look good but can you walk like a model Bitch I pop collars (bling) and I clock dollars So watch and watch and watch for the shots (pow) [Chorus 2x Juvenile] [Verse 3: Wacko] Man look at bo over there wilding cursing bitches (bitch, ho) smoking joes nah Got two open charges niggas talking around dro Sarge and them so smart they spin the bend in regular clothes nah But whoadie and them so smart before they spin lil one close shop Slim just got popped for a doja grind and a weed pipe Guest they trying to sock it to my dog with them three strikes Fuck that we got bond money nigga we tight UTP six court cut throat nigga we right Tyring to get you niggas to understand it's a new day New jewels, new shoes, new tools, new pay, new trips, new clips, new whips, new kay A million for my great grandchildren until my due date The you straight I'm just trying to make sure you straight Keep them nappy head bitches out your face cousin and move weight Every nigga working with something dick they do take Don't you fall off behind a fat ass and a cute face (stupid) [Chorus 2x Juvenile] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Juve the Great Song: It Ain't Mines Typed by: MXPlanet2000@hotmail.com [Chorus 2x] Now I don't why you be acting all shady I only want to hit, not to make you my old lady So don't be telling me nothing about no babies You trying to give me a charge you must be crazy [Juvenile] I don't know why you making people think I got you swell You better quit it before one of my bitches pop you hoe I know your baby daddy he ain't got no flow You may be into playing games but its gone stop here though You want more than a fuck, you just trying to tie a nigga up Like my last bitch, I blew a lot of money on her I met her, fast pace, lil mama hard for me to slow down Why the sad face after the results come around? You want a nigga to play daddy? Should have asked me I would have gladly told you that I have me When you met me you told me you wanted a gangsta to hit Without the wisdom of knowing I'm off the chain with this shit Now your feelings done got involved and you ain't glad with a fuck And you wonder why all the players keep on passing you up Look Juve ain't going through that old Billie Jean shit I ain't gone let you put your babies on me I mean this [Juvenile] You got a fat ass, your chest right, and you dress right But would I fuck without a rubber? You're thinking I just might Trying to get an easy pay off, you're fighting for a wild card bitch But I'm in the playoffs, you be scheming all day, hoe take a day off Find another target this one you need to stay off Your looking for a reputation  I'ma give ya one Don't be trying to give me a charge  nothing a nigga done As far as I'm concerned that baby can be for anyone Not til you entered the party there wasn't any fun It's not me it's the attention I draw To make these bitches fill out paper work and lie to the law It's obvious she want to ride in the driver's seat of my car Taking the lotteries to get some properties from a star Look Juve ain't going for that old Billie Jean shit I ain't gone late you put your babies on me I mean this [Juvenile] They be like look at his lips, look at her eyes and her ears Mama said "If I don't approve it, the baby not his" She said she not gone keep all that (?) with kids Keep playing mama said she saw 380 ya did I saw the grin on your face the moment I saw you in court Wish I would have saw your face when the test was exposed This ain't your first time you done did before Your not even gonna have a vagina no more You're making accusations you ain't sure bout You had a chance to be a queen but still you chose to whore out Don't even speak you ain't no friend cause you an enemy now Niggaz knowing you ain't the hoe you pretend to me now You done caught a maybe-baby, move you're whoring and drama You needs to try to focus on your daughter lil mama Look cause Juve ain't going for that old Billie Jean shit I ain't gone let you put your babies on me I mean this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Juve the Great Song: Numb Numb Typed by: WreckNHard@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1: Juvenile] Ay you wan' score ki, no you wan'score an ounce I ain't gon' show you shit, make sure you got the right amount boy I can't front you nuttin but I respect ya G it could get fatal if I let niggaz get next to me the junkies like my coke, Doctors, and Lawyers too they in, and out here all day lookin for the right Peru I use to do it too but I had to let it go I can't get loaded I'm lil' wodie that supply the coke my shit'll have you where you don't even much wanna eat have you a lack of sleep always out up in them streets been in rehab for weeks come home and get a bag from me you gon' relapse indeed, probably want ever leave don't want no problems I just wanna get this cheddar please I can't get popped, I've been convicted for two felonies look I'm just tryna put some clothes on my daughter I hope they ain't ridin I need to sell this other quarter If you score some coke from me you will be numb, numb, numb, numb, numb numb, numb, numb, numb, numb, numb, numb if you don't get it from me you will be dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb you'll be comin back in minutes to get some, some, some, some, some, some, some, some, some, some, some, some, some damn Juvie where you get that from, from, from, from, from, from, from, from, from, from, from, from [Verse 2: Juvenile] They don't work off the hit cause we don't fuck with the foes they be sellin them soft we had enough of them sold and we work off the hit cause we don't fuck with the foes we don't be sellin them soft we had enough of them sold weigh it and bring it in this shit is shipped to me I never transported nothin peep out my history my house is sittin plush-my cars is lookin lovely police men wanna cuff me therefore I'm rollin buckets not tryna make it public don't wanna be the subject mama tunin it don't spend ya money boy stay in ya budget I seen alot of fools goin buyin alot of shoes they children not in school they gotta lot to prove I puts my money back up in my flip some to the side incase them people run up in my shit chopper up all the time with two taped up clips and if you come fuckin with mine I'm a use this bitch they want me for distrubution from New Orleans to Houston someone been runnin there mouth tellin e'm how much I'm movin I'm just tryna put some clothes on my daughter I hope they ain't ridin I need to sell this other quarter [Verse 3: Juvenile] I got my first work when I was sixteen and niggaz still not knowin what happened to brick leans it's not an easy task might have to beat the last you gon' get caught up out here tryna save ya people ass can't have e'm bring it first if you can't pay e'm its worth you could get murdered for that he just may let it burst smart high walk to earth, and maybe enemy turf pray I don't get in they way just let e'm do they dirt and I know after the cut woah my shit is the bomb that must be the Saudi-Arabia cause it ain't Hussien you ain't got that Florida dope, (??) coke have to spend all ya dough or you want leave fa sho they come in menthazine no caps on it is want be that long before ya family know you on that shit look I'm just tryna put some clothes on my daughter I hope they ain't ridin I need to sell this other quarter [Chorus] - repeat to end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Juve the Great Song: Lil' Daddy Typed by: aducate@hotmail.com [Juvenile talking] Whoa! C'mon Whoa! I hear you niggaz heart pumpin c' mon, whoa!, whats up, whoa! U.T.P, U.T.P [Verse 1: Juvenile] he gotta be in too much 'bout everything that he touch out of the roof money get packed up and moved in the truck kill me if you feel I ain't worthy I inherited skills from murky niggaz that's as real as my Saints jersey I stand here posted in the worst of times knowing niggaz after me, gonna rehearse my grind I'm not a prophet, but I could teach you how to cock it and pop it and how to put some money in your pocket you see something you like go 'head and cop it but watch it, niggaz gone knock it trying to get you for your paper when them bitches is jockin' you might do lil' daddy like that, but this is not him don't look for your people to help you, my niggaz done shot them my people done told me I could roll I got a reputation for beating niggaz and hoes stickin' to the G code, 'tees, 'rees, and 'bows pop a Ex, smoke a blunt, if you believe it then Whoa! [Baby a.k.a. Birdman (chorus x2)] Whoa! I got to get it Lil Daddy (so keep your hands up) Whoa! I got to have it Lil Daddy (so keep your hands up) Whoa! I got to get it Lil Daddy, I got to have it Lil Daddy I want that brand new Caddy [Verse 2: Juvenile] I'm way over the top with mines I used to bag it up and take it to the block sometimes Poor niggaz be eating pork, rich niggaz be eating steak I'ma get me a Porterhouse nigga, you just wait you couldn't step on my toes if you was standing 6' 8" It's mister 400 bitches so get that shit straight You better talk to your hoe 'fore I put dick in her face look, I'm wild Magnolia, she better get in her place I ain't a law abiding citizen, I gets ignorant I got a trail of niggaz telling cops what I did to them I ain't lookin for no poppers, ain't looking for no partners I'm looking for mo' choppers to get rid of mo' problems all I got is my ball and my words my momma, my daddy, my chil'ren, my gun, and my herb shit, they got a lot of killers I know but ain't too many gon' make it to see 2004, whoa! (chorus x2) [Verse 3: Juvenile] I tried to play the backround as mcuh as I could cause all the big mouth niggaz be gettin knocked in the hood remeber them lil' niggaz? they done grew up now So 'ret street and (?) turned into a clocked up dump we scam on shit because we love that sound we not concerned about waiting unitl the night come 'round hey lil' mama I'm a gorilla, let me pipe that down (puffing sound) yeah, you like that now I'm a professional, the mountaineer of the streets I got old timers paying close attention to me I could get your shit split for the minimum fee (yeah) fucking with them niggaz, got a ten for a ki' got a few princess cuts on the watch and the piece I'll put it on your ass for a (?) don't get mad 'cause I've been cocking your niece she been giving head and eating pussy like a lot of the freaks (chorus) -repeat untill end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Skip, Wacko Album: Juve the Great Song: Fuckin' With Me Typed by: MXPlanet2000@hotmail.com [Juvenile (Chorus 2x)] Throw up the U if your fuckin' with me Throw up the U if your fuckin' with me Throw up the U if your fuckin' with me Throw up the U if your fuckin' with me [Juvenile] I got my mind right, money right, life right, paid right Can you see me cutting the beef like a steak knife? Don't stay up late I'm a be home when I'm finished I gotta drop my people off at the airport in a minute This is business; you ain't wit it then give me five feet I don't need you and children wherever I be I'm a man if this bitch is out then it's on As long as I don't bring no diseases or no hoes back home Let me roam  you won't even much need that phone I'm a take care of my shit baby just leave that alone I know when the pussy get wet and you need that bone There ain't too many bitches out here that's gone be that strong You was provided by your parents Just knowing a gangsta was fucking they daughter was scaring em I speak fat me and you bitch we got our life on track And if I ever leave from you I'll be right back [Juvenile (Chorus 2x)] Throw up the U if your fuckin' with me Throw up the U if your fuckin' with me Throw up the U if your fuckin' with me Throw up the U if your fuckin' with me [Skip] Nowadays these chicks they too emotional I just wanted to get her (haha) I joke a few I just met you yesterday I'm barely knowing you "You ain't say that yesterday when I was blowing you!" See that's what that mo and that dro will do See drink up, smoke up come on I got some more for you You like that? I got another joke for you You grin, you in and I'm into poking you Sounds funny hunny? How much money hunny? You heard that but you ain't getting nothing from me Except them three 20's that Slim had (Slim) See I'm +Cut Throat+ in a Skip mask Well then lose the number, you do me a favor I ain't a lifeguard; I can't be your savior You met me like this, I'ma be a player So stop all the fussing and just beat me later [Juvenile (Chorus 2x)] Throw up the U if your fuckin' with me Throw up the U if your fuckin' with me Throw up the U if your fuckin' with me Throw up the U if your fuckin' with me [Wacko] Come on Ma don't stress me I was a gangsta when you met me Knew I'd be where the pimps, the players, the hoes, and the tecs be Where the dope, the coke, the dro, and the X be New Kisha Keanne and Mil wanted to sex me You still want to ex me or try to disrespect me Now them hoes in your ear, got you trippin wanna test me Look meet me on Freret Street right where my set be Go home; pack all your shit and drop off them Vette keys Anyway I'm tired of problems, you can catch yo cut But first drop off the B.B.'s and the princess cuts Round here stunting for them hoes  letting them gas you up Now you stuck for them hoes  let 'em cash you up I ain't gone lie is gone be hard for me to pass you up But my plane fly straight, never crash for nothing And before I fuck it up with a passenger I'll get rid of you and snatch me an amateur [Juvenile (Chorus 2x)] Throw up the U if your fuckin' with me Throw up the U if your fuckin' with me Throw up the U if your fuckin' with me Throw up the U if your fuckin' with me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Juve the Great Song: Cock It Typed by: WreckNHard@aol.com [Juvenile] Uh Huh, Uh Huh Mic check one, two it's Juvenile coming through Uh Uh c'mon, c'mon [Verse 1] Who the man? if I ain't it nigga can't claim it I can take a small name and make it famous I reason with no one homie I got fa sho cliental I'm a XL out here in the streets or lyin in jail I'm quick tempored please limit ya words I will send you in a hurry down south with the splurge it's kind of hard to understand me cause I speak with a slur but my guns speak a language all the people done heard streets sense gon' keep me in it for a minute you fuckin with a general salute me lieutenant I'm not too particular with lies I look 'em in there eyes say a pray before you die this ain't about me this about somethin thats spoke you know runnin with a nigga while you cuttin his throat oh them loose lip bitches get hung from a rope you know bagged up and throwed off the side of a boat, oh! [Chorus - repeat 2X] Cock it, take Beretta then pop it give me that out ya pocket cause the vest can't stop it East coast whassup, Down south whassup West coast whassup, Mid West whassup [Verse 2] Keep on makin ya laws, I'm a keep breaking them I can move a package in any city I'm stationed in if ya son touchin my shit you better pray for him bust his head and catch me a flight to where the hatreds been I ain't the only solider they got alot of these all of these children make me know who dropped alot of seeds I smoke till my eyes shut stay strapped so if you think about sneakin you better wise up hit you with the traqualizer let it fill ya head paralyze you have ya screamin "I can't feel my legs" regardless of what a nigga or a bitch done said the shell around ya get poked like eggs I'm from the M-A-G-N-O-L-I-A my bitches gonna listen to what the hell I say you niggaz gonna respect it or get out my way or the coroner gonna happen to do ya autopsy [Verse 3] You old niggaz on ya last limb move over let some niggaz who really want it come cash in suppose to get killed for cock blockin in cells solider bet you can't get no chronic up in hell fresh off the porch where the stash spot I'm hungry tryna get the same respect that my Dad got got the chopper cut the wieght, nice in the stash box nigga be on paper so himmed up from the bad cops how the hoes be actin hopin for child support I need to snatch me a coat and endorse it with dope I ain't even gotta speak on it I put my G on it niggaz gon' let us get that whenever we want it beef is beef whenever the shit occurs if it's real it's gon' resolve into metal for sure but hit the right one he ain't respectin my bad my only satisfaction will be poppin your ass [Chorus] - till end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Juve the Great Song: Juve the Great Typed by: WreckNHard@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1: Juvenile] Uh, Uh, Uh I took my first break in seventy-five I tell the story like yesterday when(??) was alive didn't do shit with my brothers without makin e'm mad couldn't get along with nobody so I just ran with my Dad he took me right there where the killas be across court from Mileton between Clarion and Wilistry we shot ball on crates tryna get paid by all means started snatchin purses by Wall Greens seen Titey get hit up in the melt when I was young paramedics couldn't even find his tongue thats when I started totin' my heat to call a G my family was deep but wasn't goin in that water with me right after Mr.Martin's class (??)and me straight to Barret think I was worried bout the trulency? please got paid for them old timers puttin in work like Mr. Frank he sold fruit, watermelons, and herbs Even though the times was hard I didn't fear no man but God you lookin at New Orleans crime rate right up in the place, soulja's beware this is Juve the great Juve the great Juve the great Juve the great this is Juve the great Juve the great Juve the great Juve the great this is Juve the great [Verse 2: Juvenile] Mama thought her son was really doin it tight when I was the one out here not doin it right until she found my stash she couldn't believe all the weed she found shit it must've been a half a pound I was thirteen then back when Yoga was caddillac'n it my campaign was let a lil nigga get a crack at it far from a gangsta but was learnin alot ain't just be the one that earnin the pot after the turn of the clock I started bankin on the low with the dope got slugged up so hoes'll notice me mo' tee's, reeboks, and girbauds I had a few (??) to write regular hood shit the average niggaz go through in life wanted to be a lil gorilla, and more day killas (???) and we ball I know they'll flip ya I stayed away from them cats who didn't communicate well cause them was them niggaz that would've had me in jail [Verse 3: Juvenile] At fifteen I carried alot of wieght on my back me and my brother infact, I kept my money intact I mad my real power moves soon as Juv' got one headed straight to the irish counter nigga who got guns? shit my people Bobby and surviva got hit too and I heard my name was poppin up in some shit too wasn't no cool cans off googlin no more it was either cry like a bitch or go sell it and score my first case wanted my respect in the worst way couldn't tell me shit when I was hungry and thirs-ty have a nigga way out his religion ya heard me I guess it's punishment to who and never was worthy every since I leanred about guns and coke I made a vow to myself that I would never go broke do what I gotta do to eat I probably can't play no sports but I can work these streets The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Juve the Great Song: Head in Advance Typed by: phatmac_onyx_bigl@hotmail.com, MTT5989@aol.ca * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: Juvenile] It's the one nobody likes with bad breath and saggy pants Might bounce a little bit but see a gangsta don't dance Hoes say I am mean I never give them a chance But can't a nigga get a little head in advance It's the one nobody likes with bad breath and saggy pants Might bounce a little bit but see a gangsta don't dance Hoes say I am mean I never give them a chance But can't a nigga get a little head in advance [Verse 1: Juvenile] Maybe not probably don't even feel that way How can you not what's under my waist is real I say A yo my fire cracker pop like independence day Them dick suckers long shoud have been in sentence may I do a little something I got that cut to tie your thighs up I'm not asthmatic I'm healthy and I could fuck That teenage pussy I don't want so zip it up And no satchatories having in here so catch a cut Ohh how I love it when half your ass show And you catch the side view it look like two elbows And my dick stuck to my leg like velcro Stop blocking and let them females go If the hoes keep asking me up I got to stop her I've been searching for me a lifipeepoper I'm serious you should wanna fuck with me period Because I'm a little bit more then just a lyricist [Chorus: Juvenile] [Verse 2: Juvenile] This is to alisha, camren, roshon and don If you fuck with pimp baby show me your thong Get your big ass up hoe you know this your song Big daddy gonna be smashing it till four in the morn You doing them jeans yeah black you need to stop it It look like you got a loaf of bread in your pocket Should have followed you first ma and snatch you first But when I'm drinking everyboady look like they got worth I don't need to tell a woman what I'm worth She gonna show me some affection when I raise my shirt I ain't never bought a woman where I do my dirt To a nice confined spot where I can lift that skirt Hopefully she illegal with the head and all Probably heard of my background and said I'm a dog But I ain't about me baby it's about y'all My fantasy is knocking four of y'all off Shake that ass mami If you trying to get to juvenile pass him I'm not telling to tell you to put your man in past tense It is just a little tiny favor that I'm asking [Verse 3: Juvenile] Show me that poor shooter any way you throw it I'm gonna do ya Just let wardy do this manever All thow I'm from the sewer I like having relations I punch a bitch in the head for playing with my patience I make a local hoe turn hashin had me at the station They hating saying that I violated my probation Theres a lot of kinky shit going up in the clubs We be popping exctasy looking for woman to hug I promised not to get you caught up in these drugs Put this gun in your purse mami and roll with a thug Your girlfriends always saying she ain't like that Well hold that right there mami I will be right back Shake that ass mami If you trying to get to juvenile pass him I'm not telling to tell you to put your man in past tense It is just a little tiny favor that I'm asking Shake that ass mami If you trying to get to juvenile pass him I'm not telling to tell you to put your man in past tense It is just a little tiny favor that I'm asking The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Skip, Wacko Album: Juve the Great Song: For Everybody Typed by: MAMIz_A_RYDER@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Wacko] Yeah, U T P nigga, come on! K L C nigga, come on! Holla! [Verse 1: Wacko] I done tightened up on my G dog Wacko outcher flippin' these hoes like see saws Ya man trippin'? Girl, look we can creep on Ya friends stressin' too, I'll flip all 3 of yall Respect my steez, I ain't really bout fallin in love I travel too much and Baby sling too many drugs Stay in the wrong place at the wrong time With 2 bricks,(two of 'em) and a chrome 9 To these niggas I'm easy to be provokin' Look, I got 1 in the chamber and I been smokin' Don't make me proceed I'll hit you from ya neck to ya knees Have ya gaggin' where ya barely could breathe But I ain't in here for this Whoadie, I'm in here to get me a bitch Bring her back to the telly to issue some dick Hook up with Juve and Skip, go get me a brick And get ready for next Sunday, to snatch a new bitch [Chorus: repeat 3X] [Juvenile] You can have an ole' lady [Skip]  But them hoes [Wacko] They for everybody [Juvenile] Let her go dog, that ain't ya hoe dog [Skip]  Let me get broke off [Wacko] In this jump off! [Verse 2: Skip] I done tightened up on my G dog I was ducked out at first but now I beat broads Cock back, BAM! Bash in her teeth, AWW Guarantee you this, that bitch gone see stars! Respect my gangsta I see you looking mad and I ain't 'cha I know +50 Cent+ and bitch I ain't no +Wanksta+ And I don't get down like that In the right time, at the right spot If you try to buck, you gone get shot Hey fella, calm down. I know what ya thinkin' But I got 1 in this chamber and I been drinkin' Don't make me proceed Spit in ya face, bastard ya seed Widow ya wife, you don't need my shit in ya life! Especially how I'm feeling tonight If it was good, it'd be different But it's not, so it's not, so let's end it! And bring this shit back to business You can have yo bitch dog I live by the rules I'm givin' [Verse 3: Juvenile] Come on, come on, come on Grab yo bitch my the arm cuz if she stop she hit Oh, I know how to get 'em, I hit her with lotsa dick The simple things I'm knowing that she probably miss And in return, she going out and buy me shit! I hope my adversaries is listening: Motherfucka with tryna be eased from these D-vils Cuz we evil in this! I'm not about to waste my cream on a bitch I be outcher tryna get money, while she scheming for dick I ain't gone lie, if my ole lady leave a nigga, I'm sick But fuck it, we ain't married, so she ain't got nothing to get I had to go in fronta the jury January the 6th I promise, ya Honor, I ain't been doin' the shit! They just like to keep niggas like me in a mix And use it on TV and radio as a skit Wanna see some masks, move to the bricks But before you make that move grab the tool and the clips Ya heard me? [Juvenile] Let her go dog, that ain't ya hoe dog [Skip]  Let me get broke off [Wacko] In this jump off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Soulja Slim Album: Juve the Great Song: Slow Motion Typed by: phatmac_onyx_bigl@hotmail.com [Chorus: Soulja Slim] Slow motion for me, slow motion for me, move it slow motion for me Slow motion for me, slow motion for me, move it slow motion for me Uh I like it like that she working that back I don't know how to act Slow motion for me, slow motion for me, slow motion for me Move it slow motion for me Uh I like it like that she working that back I don't know how to act Slow motion for me, slow motion for me, slow motion for me Move it slow motion for me [Verse 1: Soulja Slim] I'm a dick thrower Her neck and her back hurting Cut throater I'll have you like a brand new virgin I'ts like when you get used of it then you start serving Hop up on top and start jicky-jicky-jicky jerking Slow down for me you moving too fast My fingers keep slipping I'm trying to grip that ass Keep being hard headed and Ima make you get of me Got human enough disguise but my face is a doggy If you loving my bark let me bury my bone I got 4 or 5 bad married bitches at home One of my bitches feel in love with that outside dick that outside dick keep them hoes sick [Verse 2: Juvenile] I'ts like I got the world in my palms Your girl up under my arms She fucked up from the charm She love the way the dick stay hard from 12 till early in the morn Fine bitches if you listening you heard me I'm strong If you going through your cycle I ain't with It I'm gone You must have heard about them hoes that I beat up in my home They wasn't telling the truth baby you know they was wrong Na make it official wheres some of that don I don't mind buying to, your riding to Don't be asking nigga questions about where I'm driving you Lil mama my shit together I ain't driving you I don't think that nigga could do you better then I could do ya know And juvenile from cross the street by the derby Same nigga that used to be running with rusty and kirby Can a playa from the 'nolia get a chance with it But I can't bounce with you without using my hands with it [Chorus: Soulja Slim] Uh I like it like that she working that back I don't know how to act Slow motion for me, slow motion for me, slow motion for me move it slow motion for me Uh I like it like that she working that back I don't know how to act Slow motion for me, slow motion for me, slow motion for me move it slow motion for me [Verse 3: Soulja Slim] Slow motion, she open, I'm hoping that she don't leave my dick broken With brush burns and swollen I'm toting she wanted me to make her out a believer I gurantee ya ima see ya when I see ya And just don't holla out my name like we was all that Your pussy throw back and you know that So stop stunting slow motion for a real nigga I'm going off that incredible potion and imma deal with ya [Juvenile] I like how that victoria secret sit in that ass Let me pour some more hip and hennsey in your glass Would I be violating if I grab me a handfull I know what's happening all I want is a sample Who you wit I'm in the rental today It's going down and happening and I remember the way Less money we spend on bullshit the more for the we What's it gonna take for you to come slow motion with me [Chorus 3X: Soulja Slim] Uh I like it like that she working that back I don't know how to act Slow motion for me, slow motion for me, slow motion for me move it slow motion for me Uh I like it like that she working that back I don't know how to act Slow motion for me, slow motion for me, slow motion for me move it slow motion for me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile-Wacko-Skip (b/k/a U.T.P.) Album: Beginning of the End Song: Nolia Clap Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Intro] 1, 2, 3, 4 bust it Come on, come on Juvenile, Wacko, Skip [Hook] Where that Melph at Where the Yo at Where that Thomas at Where VL at Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Y'all hear that Nolia Clap [Verse 1] I'm in the Calio, You know I'm headed front of town By Chaotic and the Real One, cause it's goin' down You see the DB's tell em' Wacko lookin' for em' I got some dro, I got some change, I got some pussy for em' If they ask you where I'm at I'm in the Melph pickin up Chuck In a chromed out bubblegum pickup truck Slide on Josephine, holla at Lil' Kia and Pluck My nigga Troy'll tell it, hey they keep it real as fuck We goin' to House of Blues tonight after the DJ in the Nolia On Washington and Frerret, across the street from Babosca But first I'm bout to snatch up all Saratogas Head straight to Foot Action and snatch me two pair of Soldiers Take a left on Taladonna get a oh of that doja Terror night at my trial, I'll get them guards and let's roll up I'm bout to hit Julio, let's get to blazin' some soda I got Geezy waiting on VL we about to bang up the 'Yola [Hook] Where that Melph at Where the Yo at Where that Thomas at Where VL at Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Where Hollygrove at Gert Town at P Town at Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Y'all hear that Nolia Clap [Verse 2] I'm in Hollygrove searchin' for the Skip dog H2 chromed out, nice whip dog Let's hit Gert Town, I heard they pop it off Or hit P town, I heard they drop it off My couson Leaf from the Vill told me to swing through, on St. Lou He got two hoes that'll eat and drink too We can bounce through the Lil' Feat and we can fuck with these hoes They take dick in they ass, they take dick in the throat They take dick in they ear, they take dick in they nose They take a dick, anywhere your dick can go But look, it ain't nothin' like my bitch out the St. Bernard A gangsta broad, get Wacko gangsta hard She said we might could run a train if I pursue my G If not I got it poppin' off on Music Street Last week I had to do about two of them freaks But them niggaz through there be trippin' so bring two of them heats [Hook] Where that Appleville at The St. Bernard at Lil' Feat at The 8th Ward at Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Where that Desired at That Florida at AL at Cross the canal at Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Y'all hear that Nolia Clap [Verse 3] I see you learnin', see you peepin' out that Nolia Clap I bet you nine times out of ten that whole Nolia strapped OK, we fell off for a minute but that Nolia back We got quarters, ounces, and halfs and birds of smack Ever since Soulja got killed I keep a murder gats Stand on the middle of my projects where the murders at And every nigga, every bitch who ain't heard of Wack I bang women, bang children, bang them murder cats I bang blocks, bang cribs, bang the Burban Lac' I bang anything in sight without the murda tats I'm just the hit to represent where I was born and raised And every nigga in my section love to roam with K's You got beef holla at me, get it on today You not quickly uptown, downtown Roulette Knock off your face, taste, waist, take arms and legs Drop off your neck, wrist, toes, hair, palms, and head [Hook] Where that Melph at? Where the Yo at? Where that Thomas at Where VL at? Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Where Hollygrove at Gert Town at P Town at Nigga Town at Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Where that Appleville at The St. Bernard at Lil' Feat at? The 8th Ward at Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Where the Desired at That Florida at AL at Cross the canal at Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Y'all hear that Nolia Clap The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile-Wacko-Skip f/ Kango Slim Album: Tha Beggining of the End Song: What's Up Typed by: inaudible88@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1: Skip] U-T-P Its only 5 seconds till' we blow up 4 - 3 - 2 - 1 - boom, hold up Skip, you all pickin that cotton?, no sir I'm in the back with your daughter trying to poke up Why do you think there's chicken and watermelon (why) Cuz the beef it come easy and be hard to sell it See I got some right now and you all can get it Enough shells in this bitch to make you bargain wit it [Juvenile] 35 45 55 65 75 [Skip] SOLD UTP done shipped gold So they done re-ordered Saying we harder Not even MTV trying to be bothered (what !) Now we pardoned the whole program Do you have grey poupon...no ma'am Play your hand, I'ma do me And that "U" and Juve, thats UTP [Hook - Kango Slim] UT Piggidy stay smokin that biggidy Me and my niggadies got this bitch of the higgady (Juvenile) Whats up {*10X*} (Kangol Slim) UT Piggidy stay smokin that biggidy Me and my niggadies got this bitch of the higgady (Juvenile) Whats up {*10X*} [Verse 2: Wacko] Damn skip, its hot in here Somebody got shot in here How'd you get that glock in here They shootin !, like Nas in here Me and my niggaz never pop the air We'll pop ya hair Leave holes in a RocaWear shit bad gone stressed in a rockin chair Or Up in ICU, they got doctors there we the reason why the choppers here And them drops is here Why them minks and them (?) in there Damn Juv, you even runnin shop in here? Watch yourself, they got undercover cops in here See you peepin out the glock a wear Its some hot look here I can stash 10 shots in here Flew to NY you know I to cop from there On 1 45th and broadway, its proper there [Hook] [Verse 3: Juvenile] I guess I'm the bad guy in this movie Dun dun dun dun, dun dun dun dun, here comes Juve My courtway don't have no lights We don't have nothin but shootouts and murders we don't have no fights You know Give me the chance I'ma show you a lick have a gift wrapped packet sent south to his bitch Robbin' face dear diary I'm lookin for a way out, believin in the gun but I know one day its gon' play out Fuckin with them, this is UTP day now When we hit the projects niggaz know to bring them K's out weapons in bags stay close to the stash my bitch'll put it in her pussy when the po-po's pass They gon'fuck with me anyway cuz they know my past The really don't appreciate the way I brag I got 50 000 dollars in my grill cuz I spit jewels Worry bout' me, I'm not concerned bout what a bitch do [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UTP (Juvenile * Wacko * Skip) Album: The Beginning of the End Song: Nolia Clap (Remix) Typed by: juvey1986@yahoo.com [Intro] 1,2,3,4 Buss it [Juvenile] uh huh Remix...Remix... Wacko, Juvenile, Skip! Hollaback... Where H-town at... ATL at... Miami, Lil Haiti Lauderdale at.. Ya'll hear that Nolia clap? Ya'll hear that Nolia clap? I say the U gon' do they thing wodie please believe If not we'll make it hard for you cowards to breave One thing about a ghost, keeps shit up a sleeve Juve and skip attack the boards, while I plug em wit 3's Every stash spot I got, I stuff it wit g's Don't need a chain or a whip to snatch me a freak I'd rather ride around in my hooptie blowin' on trees With two heaters in my lap... bumpin 400 degreez I 'on rock wit Juvenile. What clown? Datz my dawg! Say that shit again I'll wack all ya'll Get on some bo shit...smack all ya'll Prolly get on that rob shit...crack all ya'll I never talk sideways I put ya on the highway Have ya sweatin' in the chicken coop like Smokey off Friday Catch ya in the Nolia have ya runnin' down the driveway Tryna bring ya down? Yippie kay-yay Where the Bay at...to that 'lay at where them Teks, where them 9's, where them K's at west coast what's up, west side what's up where NY at..., NJ at, Philly Philly, DC, VA at east coast whassup, east side whassup [Skip] I'm straight holly grove ya know that But I'm ol' skool, fisher projek like a throwback Now I told you now you know that You ain't welcome here, you ain't see "I'm Gone" on my doormat So stupid why...you ain't abide by that If I catch you on my porch, you gon' die by that Right there, by them leaves.. you can lie by that On side of that dog doo doo, you can dry like that Cause this is payback for anyone who eva said that Look, I'm safe wit this vest...Gon' get his head packed Or get his face slashed, get his neck jooked Look in my face... this how death look If ya deaf look, I won't play witcha Gun talk is all I'm gonna say to ya So learn to read lips... cause see we tripz Every time that alk and them trees mix Where the Row at, Interscope at... Choppa City Universal, Cut Throat at.. where my pimps whassup, all my playaz whassup where UTP at, Crime Lab at, Rap A Lot, DTP, Aftermath at all my souljas whassup, all my gangstas whassup [Juvenile] We from the dirrty dirrty ya heard me ya shoot and get shot From under the department line we bout as long as ya block I travel all over the states been in some serious spots Crazy not knowing if them people gon' kill me or not All that booting up and stunnin' and gon' get you nowhere If you ain't bout shooting them subs don't even go there If you scared show you scared and put yo' sets down We ain't got a way lookin' for beef you can go away now Gotta holla at these niggaz bout my survival These people be my people, hook me up with some Prada Clap for a PM clap for a Benz and if you clap right Here I'll give you twenties and tens 3rd ward got money we got plenty to spend Quit spending on transportation we got plenty of them YEA THIS IS BIG BUSINESS RIGHT HERE RAP-A-LOT UTP 2004 PUT YO U'S UP The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Reality Check Song: Get Ya Hustle On Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Juvenile] That's right, it's crunch time now fellas No time to be cryin for momma now, it's the movement C'mon To all my people on them corners I consider as dogs I wish I could break a package down and send it to y'all I know ya feelin me behind them penitentiary walls Put me on the visit list and I'll be in to see y'all Talk to 'em - your mayor ain't your friend, he's the enemy Just to get your vote, a saint is what he pretend to be Fuck him! Ah-listen to me, I got the remedy Save your money up and find out who got 'em for 10 a ki' Bubble, if you don't hustle don't use your energy Cause you gon' be a cellmate or wind up as a memory Yeah, and I could give a fuck if you kin to me My life is up and down and side to side like a centipede Get ya hustle on, nigga get ya hustle on {*4X*} We take the Pyrex and then we rock with it, roll with it Take the Pyrex and then we rock with it, roll with it! We take the Pyrex and then we rock with it, roll with it Take the Pyrex and then we rock with it, roll with it! [Juvenile] The loamin hard sparkle like glass Main bitch right behind me lookin sharp in the Jag Security say you don't know me so I talk to 'em bad If a nigga want somethin I got somethin for his ass Choppers - I'm already knowin that it's a G thang Ever since they tried to drown a nigga on the East Bank Everybody need a check from FEMA So he can go and sco' him some co-ca-llina Get money! And I ain't gotta ball in the Beemer Man I'm tryin to live, I lost it all in Katrina (damn) And nobody cares what the police thank Everybody fuckin with ki's cause it's a street thang [Juvenile] Wodie! You really feelin your folks Just them crackers behind them desk-es that ain't hearin us though We starvin! We livin like Haiti without no government Niggaz killin niggaz and them bitches is lovin it Fuck Fox News! I don't listen to y'all ass Couldn't get a nigga off the roof with a star pass Talkin - y'all comfortable right now to your own land 'Til a nigga catch ya down bad, starvin and want cash Get your mind right, nigga get your money up You're movin a little somethin, but you ain't done enough Fo' shizzle - you know the boss gonna want a cut Yeahhhhhh - or the boss gon' haveta fuck you up [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Reality Check Song: Around the Way Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Dis rain 'sposed to drop, when I first hit the block Niggaz wasn't really feelin me then {"Do it!"} I had a little drama, I was bout that there That's how a nigga kept his name in the wind {"Do it!"} I'm from the projects, as in the 3rd Ward As up in uptown, ah-what you heard of, it goes {"Hey, hey, hey!"} Put your trigger fingers up I'm from around the way, it goes {"Hey, hey, hey!"} Put your trigger fingers up I'm from around the way, it goes [Juvenile] I got ghosts on my team unseen And they only be ridin with me 'til we do one thing The watch, the bling bling, fuck what you heard I ain't even gotta tell 'em nothin to give 'em the word Put bosses on injured reserve, fuck losses Put your sister brother mammy and your pa on the curb I can make an ounce out of a quarter of a bird Introduce you to the killers, all my dogs in the 3rd Know that, this ain't the spot to sco' at Cause you don't know if nigga really got a package or he's scopin to jack If they get'cha won't nobody rat These families been here for years with kids and they not about to demolish that We got {?} and a lot of crack Clearin our tracks cause fiends could be givin 'em a whole lot of facts My lil' spot where it was poppin at Standin in the court all day thinkin of ways to get out of that [Juvenile] Storm with me, waitin on Mignon and Iggy And this one gon' be out'chea in a minute ya hear me? Hoe listen, watch them niggaz, let me do me They gon' spin the bend right now, they know we on duty I got my lil' cutey, I took her from hard times Go 'head hand me the strap when these niggaz get out of line I ain't tryin to size the beef up or measure it But I'm know in your place's where you motherfuckers better get We ain't gotta go back and forth people to settle this X Juvey out, just handle business for Terius I'm Conan wild wod', I'm glow{?}anchardo{?} Run up like a stupid and get thrown in the pile hoe You don't see me with no bodyguards, probably in exotic cars Gettin the 411 from a lot of broads You can get this money with me you ain't gotta starve You my people with this business so I got a job [Juvenile] Yeah I'm focusin on learnin from all your mistakes now Was a face in the crowd, I'm a baller with grace now I miss illegal shit but I don't fuck with the cops Cause I'm always smokin some killer when I cut through the blocks and stop 'Fore I ignore it, my name be in all type of shit Trippin over my car, and I don't even like the bitch Niggaz get that false courage and buck But you ain't doin shit unless the murder rate raise up Lil' wonder, youth symbol stand for two K's up It ain't your motherfuckin business about who pays us Projects know you got some change on ya, it' sa shame on ya I'm fresh out of the shootin range with my aim on ya I heard 'em say they catchin feelings now cause I'm boss Well put your drawers in your booty bitch and break to the North What nigga I ain't feelin nothin, and I ain't fearin none This is the Magnolia and see where this guerilla from {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Wacko Album: Reality Check Song: Sets Go Up Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com (One) Never gonna stop tryin' to get it (Two) Never turn my back on my city (Three) Never let the money fuck with me (Four) I'ma never stop hollerin' at the bitches And the sets go up (*17X*) [Juvenile] Hey homie, you don't wanna get familiar with us Fuckin' over you would give me and my niggaz a rush I'm sick of all you and the fortune and supposed to be thugs Tellin' stories 'bout your life when that was not how it was Yeah a nigga did some shit back in the days with the pack Like in your hood, when you was out there gettin' paid with the crack You get the fuck when you hear shots and it's not yo' peep But if a ricochet hit you, you better pop yo' heat Yeah you know I'm from the 'Nolia but you do not know me Quit eyeballin' a nigga down 'fore you get shot homie You don't wanna know what I've been thinkin' up You better go 'head on and find you another spot to chill 'cause I've been drinkin' cuz We see a light and everything ain't great It's like everybody mind is in the same old state, ya know I'll throw a nigga fucked up with his revenues I'ma tell you four fuckin' things I'ma never do (One) Never gonna stop tryin' to get it (Two) Never turn my back on my city (Three) Never let the money fuck with me (Four) I'ma never stop hollerin' at the bitches And the sets go up (*9X*) [Juvenile] From the 3 to the 17, ey yo we doin' it big If you're ghetto you know who Wacko and Juvenile is New Orleans, see I'ma rep that, 'cause these my peeps You could pick up some bad habits hangin' in these streets Have you talkin' to this and that nigga and showin' your teeth Walkin' round you like you took care and you handled your beef Pissed off 'cause your hoe wanna come talk to me To show me the little gift that she done bought for me I take it back to when the big timers was pushin' the size When niggaz wore Dickies suits like it was regular jobs We cop Adidas, ghost town and Anita's used to be packed And rumors started poppin' and it started to crack We used to drink Crazy Horse and shoot dice in the back We had four rules in life and I can promise you that (One) Never gonna stop tryin' to get it (Two) Never turn my back on my city (Three) Never let the money fuck with me (Four) I'ma never stop hollerin' at the bitches And the sets go up (*9X*) [Wacko] Now why you muggin' a nigga? Let that bitch go Let her bounce with a gangsta out six coat Let her wil' out and flick it off a disco Let me gas up, dick her down and get ghost Ain't trickin' for the vagina, I like to get throat Yo' stupid ass tryin' to stay in here and lick toes Good girls love G's, that's how the shit go That's why niggaz need to tighten up and get low I know you heard of *clap-clap*, I'm gettin' doe Let me check my palm pilot, I'm gettin' hoes Let me check my squad' wallets, we gettin' close My squad up in the crowd wilin', they spittin' more Drive by in the '5-5, forget a '4 Five, five and another five, we get a show Fifteen and another five, you'll get some blow You hustlin' your block, pop and you get some more (One) Never gonna stop tryin' to get it (Two) Never turn my back on my city (Three) Never let the money fuck with me (Four) I'ma never stop hollerin' at these bitches And the sets go up (*17X*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Reality Check Song: Rodeo Typed by: WreckNHard@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist {*"It's the... pretty brown, brown drivin me wild" sampled throughout song*} [Cool and Dre talking] This is-this is-this is You're now tuned in to W UTP radio We your host for tonight Cool and Dre You're now locked in to the Juvenile hour I know all y'all hot girls is tuned in right now So we gon send this new one out to you clearly It's called Rodeo talk to 'em pimpin! [Juvenile] Y'all need to open ya ears up and soak this game up and if nobody don't know ya I'm a make y'all famous this is 24-karats but it shine like stainless just look at how the diamonds complement my fingers (*choking*) Yes indeed-shit chokin me woah I need a breath to breathe chasin with the Hennessy now that's how a G play it especially when them hoes shakin that ass to the DJ if I could do it big give 'em some leg weight security stop trippin and you niggaz be easy yessir this the bubble right hurr your all beautiful women if you insecure Let me see ya work that-twerk that-serve that come on and do the rodeo Let me see ya bounce that-move that-do that let me see ya do the rodeo Let me see ya work that-twerk that-serve that come on and do the rodeo Let me see ya bounce that-move that-do that let me see ya do the rodeo (rodeo show) [Juvenile] It's like you don't even have nothin on got everybody watchin you so you can show that thong it's ya birthday lil' mama get ya kodak on but don't quit showin the world you in the throwback zone we ain't leavin right now we on a positive vibe but I still keep the homicide squad on the side see how I'm holdin on the steering wheel controllin the ride and y'all comin out of park because I got it in drive I'm really feelin ya outfit it must be nice a hard worker like myself could afford that price I can't deny that you's a beautiful bitch you got a face, and a ass, and a smile that want quit [Juvenile] We not judgin by size that's all statistics just turn the lights down and it's ballerific this not the right spot to let ya daughters visit it's some freaks up in here and it's all exquisit my round put me on ya just cause he want hit it shit I hope you don't be trippin on some 'be home'shit cause Jack ain't worried bout who Staci with and he don't have to be puttin up with Staci's shit I ain't lyin sometimes when you cross my path up in the club all night and niggaz stalk yo ass Big fine I ain't even trippin and I know you ain't trippin cause you know you wore that there tonight for me you understand what I'm sayin... [Chorus] and samples 'til end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Reality Check Song: What's Happenin' Typed by: Ellosto65@AOL.com * * send corrections to the typist [Juvenile talking] Whats up everybody This your boy Juve The Great Right here with my people sinister And we about to take y'all back to the old school That old school gangster shit Check this shit out [Juvenile] We the only ones with work in the middle of the drought then them niggaz round the corner come and see what we about But we don't know they face so we don't want them by the house But Skipper started bustin when he saw them pullin out We did them niggaz dirty for fuckin up our vibe We packed up all our shit and moved it to the other side Visited our spot this girl was on my dick She said I love you Juvenile but you know you the shit I grabbed on my glock its where the fools hang out I'm only tryin to hustle another change route But they ain't gettin nothin if I ain't on beam I'ma leave them niggaz sufferin to find they own things Workin with plenty for talkin 'bout hoes I don't give them a penny, they comin out they clothes Grabbin on my jimmy to see if nigga swole Have to get it right with this big 'ol totem pole Yes I'm thuggin Yes I'm clubbin I ain't trippin on you look bitch I'm buzzin Hoes and niggaz I'm not lovin Fuck what you gettin if I ain't got nothin What's happenin, what's happenin, what's happenin with that What's happenin, what's happenin, what's happenin with that What's happenin, what's happenin, what's happenin, what's happenin What's happenin, what's happenin, what's happenin with that [Juvenile] We pull up in front the club and my rims was lookin nice The subwoofers bumpin, I need it in my life We had a couple of fellas was stuntin with they eyes We jump out of the Lexus and got they mind right See I ain't gotta rep cause they know I got chains You can catch me in that ? boy, that money green thang Get a fish and shrimp po' boy and go sit on St. James I'm a playa like my ole boy thats where I get game Goes start passin cause they want me to see 'em Ain't givin no action if they want some per diem I keep a soldier rag from the A.M. to the P.M My heater in my lap lookin great up in the B-M I know them niggaz watchin cause they know that I'm buck But they can catch a hot one for fuckin with a thug Nothin was poppin so we went in the club All the hoes started jockin cause they knew who we was [Juvenile] The owner wasn't trippin, he let a nigga in an The place was jumpin and the hoes was grinnin Not at us though it was at the other women Some was butterscotch some yellow like lemon Had a couple of foul ones chicken and pigeons Some was kinda fine but them bitches didnt listen Told them meet us outside and hoes got missin Put it in reverse and went back for more women Everybody's rollin and you can really see it Look at how they scopin for somebody to be with I ain't on shit and Ive been G'in since the 80's Ain't about goin somewhere probably then "Beat It" You already knowin the way that I'm rockin if you anin goin then ain't nothin poppin Now I'm about to leave cause these niggaz eavesdroppin I got my heater on me now an I don't have to cock it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Eightball, Skip Album: Reality Check Song: Loose Booty Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Juvenile] She got a loose booty, she got a loose booty Pay attention to how it shake, she got a loose booty She got a loose booty, she got a loose booty Pay attention to how it shake, she got a loose booty [Juvenile] I ain't tryin to be stuck all in the corner and locked up Tongue-kissin a hoe a nigga know she a doctor Hoe can make a nigga think she a queen She standin there smellin like potpourri I bet she stank in them jeans Need to shake it, wash it, rinse it, squeeze it and douche it Call a time-out, freeze AT EASE that pussy They comin out the woodworks, ain't no pride They don't get tired, play they vibe and they'll shake it 'til they foot hurt Say she dressin for time, she got a lot of that She ain't no nickel and dime, she got a dollar back When she step her ass bounce two times The wobble wobble make it hard for her to walk straight lines Gotta add the soldiers on when you standin behind her You might get stuck in there and need a camera to find her Gotta hold ON to them handlebars, cause you don't want that broad goin tellin your dawgs you got handled boy! [Chorus] - 2X [Eightball] You make a nigga wanna pay for that pussy hoe Stand it up and make you get up on your tiptoes Play with love man, kiss it baby watch him grow Don't run your mouth about it, momma try to keep it low Let's get a room somewhere deep on the outskirts Give me head 'til yo muh'fuckin mouth hurts Go tell your friends 'bout the suite up at the W About the view and all the freaky shit I done to you Now when she see me when you're not around She be in my face, tryin to see what I'm about Here take my number, maybe you can take me out Take you somewhere and put some dick up in your mouth I remember when you bitches wasn't so nice Before the rings and the watches got a coat of ice Same nigga, different day, we forever say Money over bitches, U.T.P., Eight way [Chorus] - 2X [Skip] Oh I like the way you move it to the right girl No I like the way you shake it to the left girl No I like it when you bend it, when you step girl Now, touch your toes while you hold your breath girl! And I ain't come here to ruin your night I'm tryin to put somethin new in your life! Just by doin you right, we can go somewhere for two if you like Use the stars and the moon for the light, cause you movin it right Why? I'm really tryin to do you tonight (right now) If you dyke, bring your crew if you like! If any um booty is like, your booty is like Call your whole crew booty delight, we make it "Nolia Clap" Don't hold it back, touch the flo' with that I got a heart attack, your booty causin cataract I can't even stay on it, look I keep on fallin back! My momma always told me Skip don't ever fall for that! [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Mike Jones, Paul Wall, Skip, Wacko Album: Reality Check Song: Way I Be Leanin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Said the ladies they love me, they love the way I be leanin" "They love the way I be leanin, they love the way I be leanin" "All the ballers is bouncin, they love the way I be leanin" "They love the way I be leanin, they love the way I be leanin" [Juvenile] This is the year of the U, watch how I get on track A young black paid man in the rap gettin his snaps And also, he only rides in the year that he's in Cause he don't feel the year's bigger than him, so let the boy be He off the meter with tennis shoes and a white tee Bitches watchin him thinkin "What if he wife me?" And it's a certain kind of swagger you get Especially when you're used to bein the shit, that's if you're older right All of my boss bitches know the type When a nigga hug all on ya and he be smellin like a motorbike A nice fit and video on the TV'll get her to come out of them B.B.'s, believe me I'm a thug and I'ma stay on pub' And I don't bug, cause I carry the strap in the club I see ya peepin tryin to figure out what's happenin with us "They love the way I be leanin" - that's why they baggin it up [Chorus] - 2X [Mike Jones] Geah! Ice Age, Mike Jones! You know that purple drank I be leanin, my diamonds shinin and gleamin I'm in that dropper with Juve the groupies boppin and fiendin I'm from the home of the candy paint, 84's and purple drank Ladies know when I hit they corner my slabs'll make 'em faint Ice Age and U.T.P., ball-ballin as you can see Crawl-crawlin on 23's, with candy on my HumVee Hon-ies love the way I talk, love the way I walk Love the way I lean, they say that I'm so clean [Paul Wall] I got a lot of money, I got a lot of ice I got a lot of cars, many colors and lots of types I got that paper cause I'm caked up like Betty Crocker Comin down on choppers single file with all the trunk poppers Gettin money's my only task, stack up paper and count cash I'm ridin on that pull over silver, the same color as a bad rash Gettin full of that puff puff pass, it's Paul Wall man what that do Swishahouse baby that's my crew, comin down jammin on the Screw [Chorus] - 2X [Wacko] Drove over two dogs, sittin on two fogs My rims be talkin too, they love to seduce hogs They're dressed in cute clothes, manicured with cute toes I'm big paper; Wacko never stop for group hoes Oh no I don't scoop those, fly bitches salute those Fatties with benefits, you know I recruit those This a Soulja Slim t-shirt, this ain't no suit hoe I got {?} up under these, not no Timberland boots hoe [Skip] I'm sick dog! And there ain't no antidote Bust your motherfuckin like a canteloupe Like Hannibal, WOOF, I'm an animal Just cold dickin the money down huh - ain't it though? I'ma do my damn thing 'til I cain't no mo' Don't make me pull this damn trigger 'til it ain't no mo' And don't tell me where you ain't gon' go I'ma just tell you one time, get to FUCK 'til I ain't no mo' [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Reality Check Song: Break a Brick Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (This is, this is, this is, this is!!) Yeah... ha ha! Whoahh (yeah) [Juvenile] You put the coke in a tube, and whaddya get Whatever you want a car to the flip of your wrist Drug traffickin been happenin since seventy-six They lock us up cause government be wantin tax from the shit I call my people in Detroit, they get that 9-1-1 Hoe gon' put it in her pussy and come flyin with son And it's plenty full so he gonna consignment some Same nigga that I be gettin the lime-ah from Got yay too! How you want it? Soft piece or hard piece? Work ain't movin, I'll break it down in a heartbeat I'm tryin to put the new 25's on my Rover So when I hit the lakefront they gotta slide over Yeahhh, these hoes be respctin my cars When I pass, they smile and start adjustin they bras Niggaz peep hard and get to twistin they lips But they could easily meet God so homey don't even trip Ridin with the strap on my lap, other one in the dash On the way to drop this nigga off a fo'-and-a-half Last time he put my shit on his tongue He frowned up, cause the boy was NUMB Can you break a brick down? I can break a brick down {*3X*} I can break a brick down, but I prefer to sellin it whole [Juvenile] I read the paper today and everything was kinda chill Word is circulatin niggaz is tryin to find a deal So he could ride behind the wheel of the 300 and put the dub deuces in the grill You think you can't get killed? Me neither That's why we almost forced to keep heaters A quick ruckus if a bitch touch us Ain't got no beef with no Muslims but move or you get hit brother These streets move forward and backwards These fiends out'chea somethin more than just actors One nigga get popped, another fo' get a package Watchin out for the law man patrollin the action What next? We tryin to bring it back to the team Let our dogs see how it is to do your own thing Not like Baby though, really put your own bling You ain't doin nuttin for me nigga, do your own thing [Juvenile] G shit to 'em, I don't just write rhymes Goin platinum offa talkin about my lifetimes I'm gettin love in these streets cause they like how I rock I'm just a thug on the beat, fuck a hip-hop cop Not jumpin on the bandwagon to get my props Got somethin happenin fo' me right within my block Now, everybody wanna be the king of somethin I guess I'll just call myself the king of hustlin I make things happen nigga, I'm a panhandler Shit not like how it's lookin on camera Won't exercise the right to put the bandana up And nobody gon' handle us, we never put they hammers up You couldn't make it where I survive Right now my city murder rate is at it's all time high And it's a must I have the piece in sight When I'm drivin know I'm showin them no teeth, just eyes [Chorus] - second half only minus last half of last line The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Reality Check Song: Who's Ya Daddy Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Juvenile] Girl you're lookin' like a '4 dropped low to the ground Ooh, I like it when you shake it up and swing it around Don't stop, ooh, you servin' it now Have a nigga lookin' for you, searchin' around I tried to pass you up but you're lookin' so hot Got my dick gettin' stiffer than a robot You not lookin' concerned about what a hoe got You just layin' it down right there in yo' spot When you pass a nigga, come to a slow stop Wonderin' how I'm lookin' when the clothes drop Fresh out of the fingernail and toe shop Lookin' real, I gotta get her when the hoe pop She got a shape, ain't nothin' fake, she in the race Her pretty face, I'd give her a 7 or 8 Or maybe 9 if she really fine Side and behind with a lady mind Diamonds, she genuine... Let your hair down girl, you already know (When I grab ya ass) I ain't gonna let it go Ooh, I'm the shit and you the poo poo Let a nigga fuck you with that uptown voo-doo You my lil' mamma mia, and you already know Who's ya daddy, who's ya daddy, who's ya daddy hoe? You my lil' mamma mia, and you already know Who's ya daddy, who's ya daddy, who's ya daddy hoe? [Juvenile] Your big, fine, don't be scared, put your hands up Give me a minute, you ain't gotta give your man up In a relationship, I understand, and what? He ain't focusin' right now, so we CAN fuck Move - shake - bounce - pop Pancake it, pull it over at the bus stop Swing it back around, stop it there and make it wiggle Put it in reverse and back it up just a little It ain't your birthday, nope, it ain't your birthday But I'ma treat you like that, if you can serve me Girl you a stallion, let me take you to the derby I bet a hundred that you gon' be up in first place (Pose - move - stop - walk) Shit, I think you more finer than the block talk Ladies, put your hands up if you need to get dropped off Up even higher if you wanna leave in my car Let your hair down girl, you already know (When I grab ya ass) I ain't gonna let it go Ooh, I'm the shit and you the poo poo Let a nigga fuck you with that uptown voo-doo You my lil' mamma mia, and you already know Who's ya daddy, who's ya daddy, who's ya daddy hoe? You my lil' mamma mia, and you already know Who's ya daddy, who's ya daddy, who's ya daddy hoe?... Uh-hu... uh-hu... uh-hu... [Juvenile] Like it when you be dressin' all fancy And your lips be lookin' like candy Come here and get you a sip of this Brandy Let me think a size off of what I can see You musta been eatin' by grannies Cause that ass lookin' phat in them panties Tryin' to treat you like one of my family And I won't be actin' like your man be I'm the shit lil' mama, just chance me Cause you're lookin' at a more advanced me Now drop it, and pop it, and shake it like a dog Look back at a gangsta when you're catchin' the wall Let your hair down girl, you already know (When I grab ya ass) I ain't gonna let it go Ooh, I'm the shit and you the poo poo Let a nigga fuck you with that uptown voo-doo You my lil' mamma mia, and you already know Who's ya daddy, who's ya daddy, who's ya daddy hoe? You my lil' mamma mia, and you already know Who's ya daddy, who's ya daddy, who's ya daddy hoe? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Trey Songz Album: Reality Check Song: I Know You Know Typed by: southsidebaulla@bellsouth.net * * send corrections to the typist [Trey Songz - singing] Oh, Oh, Oh, Ooh, Oh, Oh Ooh, Ooh, Ooh, Oh, Oh put ya feet up in my shoes for a minute shawty peep the way I do how I'm living you steadily trippin, say I'm trickin with the women girl don't make me get to trippin everything is what I'm givin, I know [Juvenile] I know I'm comin home to big fine after my day done all concerned about how I'm feelin and if I ate somethin you always hear the bullshit stories and never say nothin cause all of 'em in search for a man that's why they stay sufferin though you may think I'm from this bitch to the next a nigga be out here tryna get him a check, but I prefer cash for me and you so don't even much get ya nerves bad they want attention and they don't even deserve that girl you miss Juv-E what you think I don't care What you think I'm bout to go sacrifice this shit for that there they wanna catch the biggest fish in the sea-but he ain't swimmin cause he satisfied and ain't lookin forward to other women [Chorus: Trey Songz] I know, you know (I know, you know) just cause they shakin-don't mean I'm takin I know, you know (you know, yeah) just cause they holla-don't mean I follow I know, you know (you know, baby) just cause they throw it-don't mean I'm catchin I know, you know (you know) no matter how long I'm gone-I'm always comin home to you [Juvenile] You gotta believe me, you don't have to police me I be up in the streets makin sure that me and you eat see women try to tease me but I tell 'em be easy my family needs me so I'm goin where my seeds be I can sign ya poster but I cannot intercourse ya they really wanna solider that's why the bendin it over holla at big daddy I'm comin home like I 'ppose ta with a big ole bag of groceries and somethin that we can smoke up we don't need a passion cause me and you is what's happenin they thought we wasn't adaptin now everybody congratin forget all of that yappin as long as we keep interactin and we keep on attractin to each other with a passion [Juvenile] When the big dog is in ya they gon'wanna bother a G wanna leave way at night and come tomorrow with me yup so they can put a nigga business all in the streets out here tellin folks she gotta problem recordin for keeps she got big (???)tryna get me to the place hopin I reconize her curve but I can't even relate now they be at the red light flashin me with they head lights I know how to play it like tell 'em to get they head right I'm not tryna touch her so you can keep ya lil'rubber you too young for me why ya tryna get me in trouble she know that I love her-look we was meant for each other and she gon' act a fool when she with me under the cover [Chorus] - repeat to end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Skip, Redd Eyezz Album: Reality Check Song: Keep Talkin' Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Chorus: Skip] - 2X Keep talkin' out the side of your mouth (POW!) Smack the taste right up out of your mouth (POW!) "I wa-, I wa-" That's what I'm talkin' about (POW!) Keep talkin' out the side of your mouth (POW!) [Skip] Since I hit the TV now I'm a hot topic But that don't mean Skipper won't pop it Ain't that that dude with the H2 and the nice wallet? And I got four words - stay off my dick You wanna make it to where Skip ain't got shit So you could ride around town and spread your gossip Make up stories like "U.T.P. done dropped Skip" "Juve' used the man, paid him and then got rich" C'mon stop it, you're makin' it up Damn, how much hate is enough, boy you faker than fuck "I just saw Skip blazin' it up With a dime piece, smilin', gettin' head in the truck Look, right now he headed for us" (Look!) "You lyin' motherfucker, dude he right behind 'em, you a busta" Cause that's your old lady he with Them hoes is for everbody, stop savin' a bitch [Chorus] - 2X [Redd Eyezz] Open my eyes when the sun rise, blazin' First nigga on the strip, even if my block's hotter than Cajun I cop them Haitan, Jamaicans, Cubans and Yanks Program with every race, now I cuts my own steak Known to take G trips to a town like Wimbleton Get a bust' down spot and be servin' like Wimbledon Black John McEnroe, my rap flows are clapped (uh-hu) Supposed to be hot as Tabasco, look at them assholes now Homie, when I'm seen there's a crowd With head bustas off the streets talkin' loud, ready to wild Get respect for a few things Deranged, the chopper spit And the first off the block to cop a new Range Life is fast, I get cash and write about it At night it ain't safe in the South, we bout it bout it Doubt it and get bodied 'cause the shotty will lift - your big muscleman bodyguard off his shit [Chorus] - 2X [Juvenile] Who lil' daddy with the fitted cap turned back? Know some of these niggaz got respect, he tryin' to earn that Hopefully one of these niggaz with yayo will see that And put him in the right position he tryin' to be at They talkin' in the wind but they no better than the play though They could make a carton or a t-shirt in a day though I ain't tryin' to flex my power bitch but I got say so And I could make a million; American, yen or peso They say I got a attitude, that's not the issue at all Don't get involved when I'm doin' what I have to do I'm suttle now but I could turn into an animal Blow it out of proportion and I ain't understandin' you Not in it for the short, I want the long term Fuck the government, I'ma take care of my own children You gon' have to zip your lip up, before a nigga flip up I don't think they understandin' me, holler at 'em Skipper [Chorus] - 4.5X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Bun B Album: Reality Check Song: Rock Like That Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Juvenile] U.T.P. in the buildin' Sinista on the motherfuckin' track, nigga... I'm ridin' dirty, way low to the grass Whole hood payin' attention to me showin' my ass I just cooked up and the tube was fulled up I sold my whole thang 'cause my dude and them pulled up They talkin' about a nigga like a hurricane forecast Boy kinda ignorant but he could move the coke fast To hell with the talkin' nigga, we could go do it The package right here nigga, let's roll through it I'm down South bred, that's what my mamma and my daddy say Acts like New York and smoke cush the Cali way Gutter, I hustled the corner, cuts and alleyways Word mean nothin' to me, I'm goin' that-a-way I got a dynasty and I ain't throwin' that away I've been investin' my rhyme up on my strategy And I don't feel that it's time to put the strap away It's either that or just I'm full of that Alizee We rock like that 'cause we rock like that These U.T.P. niggaz we rock like that We rock like that 'cause we rock like that These Magnolia niggaz we rock like that You can get it quick to your head, homeboy I don't think you wanna fuck with me You can get it quick to your head, lil' mama I don't think you wanna fuck with me [Juvenile] I don't cut no corners to jip for no figures I ain't kissin' no ass to live with no nigga I don't need this rap shit, bitch I'm in these streets When Cash Money didn't pay me, I still got sleep Get capped, you're on the phone, tell her I need the teeth To set the nigga up to get his Jesus piece She used to run it with Nate Dean, now she's a beast Got her daughter sellin' pussy for a G at least I move a lil' work, ain't nothin' to brag on Somethin' to keep me nice and my homie to tag on 24 inch shoes on the rag on I got shit poppin' in my hood and I'm that strong Fiends keep smokin', please don't quit You want another hit? - fiend on this But watch it, the gun is under the shirt now Me lead love and me will keep sendin' the work down We rock like that 'cause we rock like that These U.T.P. niggaz we rock like that We rock like that 'cause we rock like that These Magnolia niggaz we rock like that You can get it quick to your head, homeboy I don't think you wanna fuck with me You can get it quick to your head, lil' mama I don't think you wanna fuck with me [Bun B] Keep it trill, keep it gangsta, pimpin' keep it 100 Before a nigga be done got killed and I'm the one who done it I'm in H-Town baby, the home of the hoe sale Where niggaz don't just give you a brick They give you the whole deal Drug deals goin' down at ten dollar motels Keep it on the down-low 'cause somebody might go tell Like it, get you what you need, just have yo' mail And send your people 'round here so I can get some more sale Know that I got more yayo that most niggaz goin' I'm gettin' it from the same niggaz bringin' all the 'dro in I'm 'bout to get it dropped off, I'ma let you know when ("Shit, I'm tryin' to spend like fifty wit ya, dogg) Shit, fo' sho' then Bring your money with you, counted and wrapped up And move like you 'sposed to be movin' because we strapped up Don't get yourself clapped up for no reason Cause we won't hesitate when it come down to the squeezin' We rock like that 'cause we rock like that These 3rd Coast niggaz we rock like that Cause we rock like that 'cause we rock like that These Rap-A-Lot niggaz we rock like that You can get it quick to your head, homeboy I don't think you wanna fuck with me You can get it quick to your head, lil' mama I don't think you wanna fuck with me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Skip Album: Reality Check Song: Why Not Typed by: southsidebaulla@bellsouth.net * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Juvenile + Skip] You can find me in the parking lot By the car lot-where we spark a lot Up in the hallway it be dark a lot We don't talk to cops cause we all be hot Homey you need to get you somethin new (why not) Shit I'm ridin somethin green, somethin blue (why not) They gon' respect it when a gangsta come through (why not) They doin numbers, we'll do somethin too (why not) [Juvenile] Is you doin ya dirt, they really know ya bout ya work if they scopin ya turf you goin out there head first do you know the rules when you got beef with a fool can you stick and move and do you sleep with the tool you in the camp you bout to make you an examp so when they see the stamp they gon'respect it like a champ you light in the ass but kind of heavy with the cash be rollin the grass you still totin the solider rag you been out there on the grind spendin most of ya time in a section full of nobody's so you gotta shine will you bust a head, know how to do it-how to play it bet a hundred in the field and parlay can you flip a Z, go back and get a Quater ki when you rid of that call Rico up and order three put ya people in it cause that's the way you gotta see it if you wanna be respected as the G'est [Chorus: Juvenile + Skip] Homey you need to get you somethin new (why not) Shit I'm ridin somethin green, somethin blue (why not) They gon' respect it when a gangsta come through (why not) They doin numbers, we'll do somethin too (why not) You can find me in the parking lot By the car lot-where we spark a lot Up in the hallway it be dark a lot We don't talk to cops cause we all be hot [Juvenile] You like states with pretty hoes in ya face you hate checks, you just come home on a case can you make a name-will you be patient in the game can you state ya claim, and reputation stay the same will you hold it down when ya lil'homies ain't around will you hold ya ground like you the only one in town is you feelin this, you listen to it when you creep you real in the streets all in the hood with the heat you ain't tryna joke gotta be real for ya folks is ya people broke they aggrivate you on the porch do you sell weed and you don't never make a profit do you blow big until it hurt you in ya pocket you just scared to lose cause you a winner all the time you gotta lot to prove lil'sinner on the grind put ya people in it cause that's the way you gotta see it if you wanna be respected as the G'est [Juvenile] Do you G's up when it's a dime in ya grill do you freeze up when it's that time for a kill if they pop at you is you gon'pop back at 'em you gon'stay away from niggaz if they rattin wanna ride swoll pull up on 24 flats can you get a hoe without you throwin her a stack is you callin shots can you stay away from the cops you know how to stop you be inside when it's hot you from the East, you from the West, you from the South you from the North, or the Midwest what you about can you twist a gar without you fuckin up the road did you get a car just to be stuntin for the hoes you been out here and it's ya time for a lick do you know this year as you aknowledgin the shit put ya people in it cause that's the way you gotta see it if you wanna be respected as the G'est The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Reality Check Song: Animal Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mannie Fresh] Gentlemen and ladies, it's your boy, the dude Freaky-fre, fre, fre-eh-Fresh We gon' bring it to you somethin like this [Chorus One: Juvenile] Woof, I'm a animal, yes I am a animal I'm a animal, yes I am a animal I'm a animal, yes I am a animal I'm a animal, yes I am a animal [Juvenile] How you just gon' back me up and I'm 2 dollars from bein rich You oughta be grateful a nigga like me even see you BITCH I was thinkin about rockin Arribas, but the gators look nice Nigga was talkin about they was comin out like players tonight They won't let me in with my pistol I'm okay with the knife-a Anything I can get my hands on when the fight starts Could get one of these hoes that's gotta stand, by the right bar Get the wife and she could {?} {?} light stars She ain't stupid, she recognize who it is Enjoy the lyrics on the records, play the songs for the kids For instance, I can come through bouncin in this bitch like what And she's figured this shit, she ready to give that life up Wonderin how do it feel to be with G's like us Be in a better situation than that all night bus You're wild hoe be fuckin up my G's You better get back, I spent six and a quarter for these, ya hear me? [Chorus Two: Juvenile] Get gorilla with it, get gorilla with it Get gorilla with it, get gorilla with it Get gorilla with it, get gorilla with it Get gorilla with it, get gorilla with it [Juvenile] I see you watchin how the boy comes to Grover And you wanna overthrown him, knock him off his throne Your potnahs rockin with you 'til they find out who it is Then they gon' try to convince y'all to leave it alone I'm here to sabotage what enemies accomplish They're not about the camouflage, the homies that I ride with I keeps it ghetto for my street people and convicts I don't vouch for nobody, I just make sure I pay homage Hey shorty, this nigga here's a vet like Shaq I don't have to control the ball but I control that rap If I smack you on your ass you gonna throw that back They like it when a gangster take control like that She feels protected when she in that Lexus Givin me head, got me takin all wrong exits I'm not the people you should be upset with I don't mean no harm baby and I'm not sexist [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [Juvenile] A gangsta still fightin charges but he totes that glock Like a junkie with a pipe up in the smoke crack spot I be in every hood, see I knows the block From Watts to one-fo'-fifth by the clothing shops Nope, I ain't rockin with them boys I was with But I'm still blingin and showin off my toys in this bitch When a real nigga show up hoes switch up they games Tell us who they really is and give y'all different names Claimin, she ain't nuttin like them boys be sayin Shit I'm only tryin to knock the pussy outta the frame Look here, I tried to chill but they gave me some mills Me and Mannie back at it, 'bout to get another deal I got my hand wrapped around the steerin wheel Hoes like EWWW they can't understand the grill Skip called me up he got them all on chill Well let's go and get us some hoes so we can do this heah, y'know [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Brian McKnight Album: Reality Check Song: Addicted Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Juvenile] This is brought to you courtesy of Brian McKnight [Brian McKnight] This is a love, you're just addicted to what's addictive Yes you are, baby I made a big mistake and now you say I'm breakin your heart Well well well This is a love, you're just addicted to what's addictive Mmm mmm mmmm I made a big mistake and now you say I'm breakin your heart Go on and tell 'em about it J, tell 'em about it J [Juvenile] Now when we first met I told you, it was a you thang, and it's a me thang Whatever's goin on in your life I don't have nuttin to do with that You go ahead on and do what you do, y'knahmsayin? And whatever's goin on in my life I'ma let that happen the way it's been happenin Don't change what's goin on, y'knahmsayin? And when we fuck, that ain't got nuttin to do with the rest of the world You don't call me, I ain't gon' call you When we hook up, we just hook up, but OH NO You wan' take it all out of context, and you know what this really is You know what the situation is, why you doin that? [Chorus: Brian McKnight w/ ad libs] This is a love, you're just addicted to what's addictive I made a big mistake and now you say I'm breakin your heart This is a love, you're just addicted to what's addictive I made a big mistake and now you say I'm breakin your heart [Juvenile] Now here we go again You're scratchin up my car, you're bustin up all my windows You're callin my house, callin my cell phone I shouldn'ta never gave you my number anyway But I thought you was my friend! I thought me and you was bigger than that, y'knahmsayin? But you done lost all that You might as well just lose my number and lose conversation from me, y'knahmsayin? When you see me in public, don't say nuttin to me no mo' Cause you tryin to wreck my life And you know I got a lot goin on in my life right now I got responsibilities, you understand? [Juvenile] So what you got my name tattooed on yo' body? I ain't tell you to go do that! You watchin MTV and BET, that's what you want You got a lil' piece of that and you don't know how to act You goin crazy! You better get your mind together because you know what this is [Chorus] - repeat to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Fat Joe, Ludacris Album: Reality Check Song: Pop U Typed by: pertim@rpi.edu * * send corrections to the typist {*Click Clack*} Alright (Sampled from "What's Up" by Juvenile & the UTP Playaz played throughout song) You gon' make me clock you I'ma have to pop you You gon' make me pop you I'ma have to pop you You gon' make me pop you I'ma have to pop you You gon' make me pop you I'ma have to pop you [Juvenile] Who that nigga is What that nigga claim Juve wild magnolia Its an uptown thing Soulja watchin' over me So I'ma let it rain Just give me the weed, the mic And I'ma let it off the chain Y'all actin' like, that nigga lost it I ain't have no money now I'm back, what the cost is (?) on my wrist lookin' gooey These ain't Birdman's These is real Gucci's Turn around the corner Motherfucker tryin' to sue me Talkin' shit to me so I can hit him with a two-piece Where he rock, where he roll where he got control Me and my mans and them get the brains out these hoes If she can dance, then she can romance nice and slow Be in a trance like it was your man's pipe in the hole I've been sippin' a little somethin' Just stop servin' the game It feel good to be an OG I'm deservin' it mayne [Hook] I'm the nigga nigga The nigga nigga the nigga The nigga nigga Ju-a-vey I'm the nigga nigga The nigga the nigga nigga The nigga nigga nigga Ju-a-vey [Ludacris] Now ain't no tellin' where I might be (Nope!) Cause there's a million other creeps Prancin' around these streets lookin' like me Call them my stunt doubles So if you think you hit Luda' with the rueger I'm up in Cuba blowin' blunt bubbles On the double, lookin' for trouble we staarted The eye on my gat is cocked its retaarted I'm sippin' lean, smokin' green, and I'm so hot I told machine's people call me +I Robot+ Bang to the boogey boogey bang bang Let my little partner borrow my necklace And hit bitches with the same chain Its not computer love (Nope!) I'm gettin' great brain Got a hard drive But they blow me out my mainframe Now how you like that? I got your momma pitchin' quarters On the corner gettin' cornered And come right back I'm makin' tight stacks (Yeah!) So if it ain't Juve or Luda Then can it nigga, we don't even like rap! [Hook] [Fat Joe] Got the Mack in the grass And the nine in the dumpster Duck when they pass One time wanna dump ya' Hunger What I got in my veins Take shots from the Henny Just to straighten my aim Now, I raise my middle finger (Fuck the World!) And them donuts in that car better make ya' hurl Yea, I'm bout my paper mayne I'm fully loaded like them niggaz in Jamaica mayne I know you know This is Crack And he's back And you mad Cause we diiid And they Yack-ity Yak In the sack when we slid in (Yeah!) Mommy shakin' they ass She want some big bills Tip drill, she wants a tip drill (That's it!) Its ya' nigga crack Live with some fresh cut Side of the highway Ridin' that's the best fuck And you can keep them hotel keys Cause we gon' fuck these bitches Wherever we please [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Reality Check Song: Say it to Me Now Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Chorus] - 2X Heard what you said about me Say it to me now Heard what you said about me Say it to me now [Juvenile] It's someone in particular got you sayin' what you sayin' Usin' my name in vain, hard for you to stay in your lane That nigga fought for you then manipulated your mind And kept you out of the way so you would stay in the blind But then you woke up, and realized he was takin' your shine And you're mad at the whole world and they don't owe you a dime Some of these niggaz don't be gangstas when they 'sposed to be gangstas You know he owe you money and you're scared of him, ain't ya? You can never point the finger at me, playa you stayed when I left I couldn't call you when my bills wasn't paid Wasn't dependin' on nigga to send me shit my way Wasn't really concerned about what a bitch might say You coulda came and testified for my trial But you had more love for Slim and Baby than you had for 'Nile I didn't hate, I just moved on Now that I'm doin' good I'm hearin' me on your new song and Juve wrong? [Chorus] - 2X Heard what you said about me Say it to me now Heard what you said about me Say it to me now [Juvenile] He ain't rappin', he ain't smart, he ain't gon' never be rich He gon' be just like (?), he ain't accountin' for shit Ridin' around in the six, mamma still live in the bricks Across the hall from where somebody's always cookin' a fix Where you in trouble if the police ever knock on your door We from the ghetto so they find choppers and glocks on the floor I done had all type of shit thrown at me, learned from this and that G After all that I done been through, why is this bitch so happy? I'm alive and well, a true talent indeed I'm God's gift to the earth, would be a shame if I leave And I seriously don't be fuckin' with niggaz with greed And that goes for all you outsiders and family trees I can see the specks runnin' they necks, he ain't all that I don't even hear him to record that, I'm doin' me We independent, ain't no middle man Either get the business right or get the business in your brain Play your hand [Chorus] - 2X Heard what you said about me Say it to me now Heard what you said about me Say it to me now Haters steady hear your name, runnin' they mouth But really don't know a damn thing 'bout the game And I'ma only tell you one time, I'm a millionaire So that shit you niggaz talkin', I ain't gon' entertain "Forgive us our trespasses As we forgive those who trespass against us Lead us not into temptation But deliver us from evil..." [Juvenile] Father, I ain't gon' let 'em get to me, they know my history (It really ain't you they hatin', 'cause of they miseries Fulfill your purpose, you was put here for a reason Cherish your life for every moment you breathin') But they sayin' that I betrayed 'em (No man can judge you) But they askin' if I could save 'em (You must first save yourself) I'm the subject of conversation (Worry about no one) I'm knowin' that I could take 'em (Have faith in me) [Chorus] - 2X Heard what you said about me Say it to me now Heard what you said about me Say it to me now Haters can't stand to hear your name, runnin' they mouth But don't know a damn thing 'bout the game And I'ma only tell you one time, I'm a millionaire So that shit you niggaz talkin', I ain't gon' entertain The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Cocky & Confident Song: Cocky & Confident Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] LET'S GO [Juvenile] J-U, V-E No breed, no other like me Fans like is he really gonna drop that? Point of degree, you ain't never gonna top that He ain't the same but he still got flow Guess I gotta flo', just a little bit mo' It's gonna be a Juvie nation Call this rejuvenation It's too much of the fake out Gotta get the real out 'fore they stake out Put the kids in the safe house Cake out, pull the champ and the stakes out I am my dreams, my plans Lemme in, lemme in, God damn Still on, my shit Lil' nigga what'chu mean? I quit If you a pit bull, I'm Mike Vick I'll bury yo' ass right quick It's early in the morning, y'all sleepin, I'm moanin Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up It's early in the morning, y'all sleepin, I'm moanin Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up You don't want none, there won't be none You stop actin like a bitch you won't be one You don't want none, there won't be none You stop actin like a bitch you won't be one [Interlude] Right now I just wanna say to everybody that I appreciate the fact that y'all took a little time out of y'all busy schedule to go out and get the album And I promise you'll love the sound and the quality of this motherfucker You understand me? Juve~! [Juvenile] N-O, L-A Niggaz droppin like flies everyday Who's next? Can't say Gotta cover my dough, I can't play Be smart and you could move more weight Be sharp and you could lose your face It's like that when they hate you Gotta show 'em you're a ape too Handle business in the night and the day too A big dog in the hood, how they rate you A beast - like me, I'm G Real as the Buddha in front of my I.D M-A, G 3 Watch me, y'all follow my lead My hood, my scent I can't leave, it might be in my debt Watcha mean leave? Nigga, not yet I ain't ready, I ain't seen my check [Outro: impersonating Frank White's speech from "King of New York"] That's right motherfuckers I'm back~! Comin for the top, but this guy You guys got fat while I was away But I'm back and I want a piece of everything If any of you guys, are tired of gettin ripped off by no good motherfuckers like that You come on down to U.T.P. I'll take care of you I'll put some cash in your pocket You're all welcome. You're all welcome!!! {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Cocky & Confident Song: Gotta Get It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Y'all think broke look cool man [Chorus: repeat 16X] Gotta get it, gotta, gotta get it [Juvenile] I am Magnolia official, I played the Ave for years They talkin 'bout me like when Shaq went to the Cavaliers I keep a semi with me, just call me prince of ki's Sellin tobacco and ain't none of my is nicotine A dog gettin it, how much can a gorilla make? I'm tryin yo chill, don't wanna have to put on my killer face I get whatever I wanna boy, I don't wish I would When I come out look out, be sharper then a stick of wood I wish a nigga would; I make a nigga bleed I cut a nigga like three dollars worth of Limburg cheese I lay somebody down, I'll probably have to do or die Won't nothin change, I'ma stay gutter like a sewer line Yup it's manure time, business is pickin up When niggaz find out I'm the man they probably shit a truck No I ain't new to this money shit boy, I been a fool I blow this motherfucker up this just like a innertube [Juvenile] I gotta get it so people, get on yo' day jobs Ain't nothin crowded but the jail houses and graveyards I'm on the corner in the ghetto like a pay phone I call my baby like, "Daddy be on the way home" Talk to you later, it's easy to get your cell tapped And I got powder like a factory full of gel caps I'm ballin in the game, boy I need a pair or two I'm walkin on 'em in my slippers like a pair of Lugz I'm not gon' ever lead the way, that's what the preacher said Like I'ma be on the corner at Morgan Freeman age I'm in the streets making connections in them restaurants I'm eatin tacos and fajitas with the Mexicans Boy I define the definition of what livin is And anyway you see me out, it's what Thanksgiving is You niggaz counterfeit poppas, I am a real daddy Shoot up the motherfuckin world to keep the kids happy [Juvenile] I gotta get it, boy you beefin over petty change I'm ready man, I got my fingers in on e'rythang I'm on them Dana Danes, puffin on that mary jane Look I'ma leader, it's one of us up in every game And yeah I'm fly cause I always got that Eagle on me I pop a nigga watch how quick he call them people on me This is an act, I'm not in it to receive a Tony I'm over here with all the cheese and I don't see balogna Give a, what? I be talking mad to 'em They say I'm shitty like a kindergarten's bathroom I'm in a yellow Chevy thang with the doors up I'm smokin purple the ashes burnin my clothes up See them canaries in the grill? Yup, I talk major Look at the light, it's like a Saturday night in Las Vegas Yup I'ma boss playa, cause I say I is I chase this money twenty-four hours everyday out here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Cocky & Confident Song: Back Back Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] Ain't no nigga like a big dog nigga cause a big dog nigga don't quit (I'm on my shit!) I done told y'all I'ma get rich, y'all shiny but it ain't like this (Take pictures of me) Back back nigga, that's back back nigga That's back back nigga, that's Juve (take pictures of me) Back back nigga, that's back back nigga That's back back nigga, that's Juve [Juvenile] I like to buy bling, look and I pay for it I'ma boss, what I look like on the scene for it? I be whylin, I get violent Then let Nile in and brought a new style in I put them hats on, and crease stylin And what'chu think that y'all could play me like a violin? I got a silent hood thang with some big hips I call her Lockjaw, she got zipped lips You know somebody like me and show him no sympathy I'm a soldier ya heard me? First infantry Cower back into the streets, nigga been a G Orange drank like that bottle came from Tennessee I couldn't do it at all, but I'm able today to make it rain on a girl like April and May So get your cell phone poppin wit'cha camcorders I got my gloves on, lookin like the champ holder [Juvenile] Black Gucci scarf, packin gray Gucci boots I be truckin, knock the glide out the Coupe in 2 You think eleven long wodie now how stupid you? I do what men do and you do what the stupid do I got talents, a great balance Wit'cha daughter out to prove it ain't even a challenge You messin up and I'm stickin to the standards Get out the way and let a nigga manhandle it I get straight to it, that's how a ape do it I was sleepin but the {?} and now it's late to it I don't be carryin cash, I got a safe for it I keep the credit cards open, nigga late to it [Juvenile] I do it Tiger Woods style and get chaffeured I'm on the golf course talkin to endorsers They try to buy your boy out but I'ma pass that At first I wasn't gettin enough now I'ma add that I could go in to win, I don't need security We gotta beef, I'ma handle it mature-ly I be like "Who is you?" They be like "Who is he?" I tell 'em nah and the smile is for you a G I know you really would if you thought you really could I'm just waitin to see which one of y'all gon' really do it You know I keep the 45 like concerts You say you get it like me, you're talkin nonsense~! [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Dorrough Music, Shawty Lo Album: Cocky & Confident Song: We Be Getting Money Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Juvenile*} [Intro: repeat 2X] I get plenty cheese, plenty plenty cheese {*3X*} Cheese {YEAHHHHH} 	{*BREAK!!!*} [Chorus: repeat 2X] While you niggaz steady talkin, we be gettin money 24/7 on the grizzy that's how we hustlin We be gettin money, we be gettin money We be gettin money over you we gettin money [Juvenile] I bleed lighter fluid, I'm on my barbecue So keep you guard up boy 'fore I bark at you I get plenty cheese, I'm a la macaroni I'm shittin on 'em like my money got a bladder on it Thug G hard, somewhere the gangster put a saddle on it Get rid of beef like a trunkload of cattle on me At America's Game, you missed the ceremony That bitch got papers on me, got me an alimony The mayor went and told the chief to put a handle on me Tourists visitin to see what's all the pandemony I parked the Benz, slang and win, they got the Phanton on me They tried to tune a nigga out, I changed the channel on me Bitches fallin in love, they burnin cameras on me Meanwhile these niggaz schemin and scammin on me Go 'head and hate, keep on runnin to what I carry on me I'm at the plate with the bat, I'm doin the Barry homey! [Shawty Lo] Gene Gene with the thing now it's buckwild Shoot a nigga, I ain't care, went to Juvenile When I came home, it was ninety-six Got a introduce, to the money bitch All I want is bread, now I'm hood rich Bankhead Shawty, let's do this Fuck it I'm so rich, so I bless my wrists A hundred carats, you silly rabbit I won't stop now, I had to elevate I'm a millionaire, and I ain't graduate I'm ballin up the boozy, I gotta stomach ache Don't ever wake up, yeah my life great {*They tried to tune a nigga out, I changed the channel on me* 2X} [Dorrough Music] I'm somethin like a pimp, with a bitch to please From the hood so I'll take a bitch to Mickey D's I get plenty money, I get plenty cheese Livin life high since the first day I hit the weed Bought a Lambo, which now means I get to speed Never know what I'ma do they call me Mr. Trickysleeves Lil' momma out of line? I tell her hit the trees Krystal wanna spend the night I told her wait 'til Vickie leaves D-O-double-R, oh you can't forget G H-Town, D-Town, on my way to T-Town N.Y.C. me, watch me break a beat down Lose a bitch, grab a badder bitch off the rebound See a hater slide him, before my niggaz him Screamin money ain't a problem, watch me stick him up and rob him 24 cal, light weap' revolver Nigga try to come between the money that's a problem solver 	{*BREAK!!!* echoes} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ T-Money Album: Cocky & Confident Song: My Money Don't Fold Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] What?! Flight School in the building homey Nino, it's on as a bone mayne Gettin that money mayne Puttin it in the bank account though, writin checks If you broke man it's gon' be hard for you understand this but peep this I know you see the cars, the jewels and the clothes Bitch nigga my money don't fold Bitch nigga my money don't fold Bitch nigga my money don't fold I know you see the Lamb' with the butterfly do's And I keep it to the side on some hoes Bitch nigga my money don't fold Bitch nigga my money don't fold [Juvenile] Oh no~! My money don't fold... I'm a winner If money is the root of all evil, I'm a sinner Listen up soldier boy I bend your antenna Red dot on the center of your head for my dinner I don't talk about swag... cause I show it 50 thousand dollar cash every 12 I blow it Yeah that boy hot, Lambo's in the lot What'cha know about deep sea fishin on a yacht? Lil' kids thankin showtime at the center Retarded baby it's me because I'm shittin like an enema You garbage, I'm solid I'm on these hoes like fingernail polish Fresh out of Flight School I got it on pilot You in the corner actin stupid lookin childish You got your shades on loc but you can notice me You actin like you don't see me but bitch I know... [Juvenile] Every day I'm the man... I pop Louis tags I probably got your whole life inside this Louis bag You know the F1, I already wrecked one Had to upscale, Lamborghini was the next one Hold your tongue son, I be on that BS I put that on everything I am U.T. yes I was in them raids, now a nigga paid And my bitch sippin more of these champagne heads Yes, I'm everywhere that they ain't broke Seen the money then I'm already at the airport I am a star boy, you look a fan like You coulda bought two but you ain't have your plan right I got my Louis' on, cool plus iron white Sunday might go out there and show 'em I'm the man like You got your shades on loc but you can notice me You actin like you don't see me but bitch I know... [T-Money] I said I just got paaaaaaaid~! The money playin ping pong I'm ballin at the red light, feelin good like King Kong This here the theme song, hundred fifty steam on I'm dead wrong, talkin money on the phone It's baller music, baby buy you some Boy I'ma get paid no matter how you come You can't act crazy, I'ma go and get guns I tell you what, be the quick to show up punks I hit the highways boy, with CDs and tapes Might come back with X pills, and cell phones and Bapes State to state, boy we tryin to be straight Fuck that, we tryin to bake a wedding cake They just got the new Jag, God damn that's fun Well we just got the paper, God damn that's one Because my money don't fold, spend my money on hoes We about it hoe so go and get some mo' dough [Chorus] w/ dub ad lib repeat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ B.G., Kango Slim Album: Cocky & Confident Song: Feeling Right Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Heyyyyyyyyy, hey-o!! Shit, please believe it Juvey! A nigga feeling right, right now I got the kush rolled up and the drink in the cup right now Yeah, I'm feeling right, right now I got the kush rolled up and the drink in the cup right now A nigga feeling right, right now I got the weed rolled up, bad bitch in the car right now And I'm chasin that money Gotta get it right now, right now [Juvenile] I smoke the best 'dro, boy you smoke mint grade You need to graduate, you still in the fifth grade You gotta problem don't you bring it over this way I'm be too high to be worried 'bout what a bitch say Leave me alone when you see me in the night club I'm in my zone and bitch I'm high as a light bulb I get another drink, and then another drink Juvie, you want another drink? Man what you fuckin think? Don't stop pourin 'til I tell you to stop I got a couple bottles more, I'm drinkin every drop Whoahhhhh, I'm feeling great right now Yeah, go ahead and hate right now [Kango Slim] Hey, I just popped off, now I'm 'bout to smoke up Purple kush in the dutch, purple drink in my cup Yeahhhh, I'm feeling right right now Got my eyes on another nigga wife right now That booty movin makin music got me tuned in And I'm just tryin to spend the night, I don't wanna move in Yeah, I'm baggin bitches like groceries She say she sick of lames? Well I tell her take a dose of me Bet'cha I get you right, I'm better than Tylenol Well I'll put you to bed hoe, I done hate you noddin off It ain't no secret, I'm a dog huh yeah And haters say I'm actin bad but bitch [B.G.] I'ma real nigga, and I get it on I'm a go getter, I'ma get it 'til I'm gone All these fake niggaz, I be shittin on Play with mine, I'ma put a couple in your dome New Orleans is my city, I be puttin on I'm at the top while you at the bottom lookin on Keep lookin on, and keep lookin good I ain't gon' never change, I'ma keep lookin hood I lay a lotta wood, I get a lotta cash I lay a lotta juice, kush in the new Jag I keep a couple hundred grand in the duffel bag In the safe deposit box got another stash I'm from the 13, Uptown You know how them Uptown niggaz get down Them bricks high, but they still pay the price now Drinks, pills and purp, I'm feelin right now [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Cocky & Confident Song: Top of the Line Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] I wear top of the line clothes, drive top of the line cars Fuck top of the line hoes, some top of the line stars I wear top of the line clothes, drive top of the line cars Fuck top of the line hoes, some top of the line stars I'm top of the line {*3X*} I'm top of the line {*3X*} I'm top of the line {*3X*} I'm top of the line {*3X*} [Juvenile] And nigga, I'm spendin all my dollars on my brand new wear I talk to these bitches like I really do care Any conversation 'bout the money you dare Eleven hundred got a nigga look at two pair The ice gotta sparkle if it don't lose layer All I get is attitude and boo boo stares Look, Juvie got E.G., they too rare The Coogi hot {?} and they give me two pair Sharp crease and lining like I'm growin new hair Went Hollywood on 'em, I ain't have to move there Somebody tell me that there's gon' be a new mayor Consider me the King of New Orleans, true there [Verse Two] Juvenile and Nino, Magnolia lean-o A pocket full of C-notes, a black jalapeno Yeah I got an ego, the nigga do his thing though I got bad bitches, black white and latino Hoods clockin, dogs rats and cats watchin And they heard 'bout it, and they done told e'rybody that they sure 'bout it, that it's better than your product All in your project, even your homey Herb got it And I ain't shy 'bout it, so tell me what you need I got all the llello but my wodie got the weed In Oakland got the fiends, and Brooklyn{?} got the river{?} Shit goin sour then get some of your sugar [Verse Three] Back in the saddle it's that boy from the booth What's happenin lil' baby, what it is, what it do? You know I'm had them boys that need somethin brand new I ain't never had shit, that's how the hustle man do Wild DJ's on the 1's and 2's How niggaz blow they shit up and they all bad news Don't tell 'em nuttin nigga that's a bad move They a bunch of hotheads and they never act cool I ain't {?} when I be bustin ass too I'm a Nolia boy you seen the fuckin tattoo I can get you hit don't put nuttin past you Why you stuntin wit'cha money? Nigga I got cash too The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Jay Da Menace, Kango Slim Album: Cocky & Confident Song: Make U Feel Alright Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] I can make you feel alright, right Ay, ay... ay, ay! Ay... [Chorus: Juvenile] + (Jay Da Menace) You can drop the top down, we can ride low You can be yourself girl, let your hair go  (Guarantee you girl, I can make you feel - alright) {*2X*} You can act slick man but you won't know Bet'cha if I give it to you, you gon' want mo'  (Guarantee you girl, I can make you feel - alright) {*2X*} [Juvenile] It could be better but nobody can complain here Just call me Santa Claus, you know I make it rain, dear You can tell cause I'm livin so well and my crib lookin like a lil' mini hotel I know you're lookin for change, you want Barack Obama Also you're sick of the pain, been through a lot of drama Leave them heel boys alone, get a man of honor I ain't a snake but I'm tryin to give you this anaconda Girl you lookin good wit'cha ol' stiff ass Kinda remind of somethin I'd see in gym class Lean through{?} to me and I'll probably trip on him I got my eyes on him girl and I ain't givin in [Jay Da Menace] Ay back up and let her do her thing She a queen in search of a king Stop be doin what you do When you do your thing, all eyes on you [Kango Slim] I can make you feel like a woman wanna feel And I like the way that back shape when you be in them heels Don't take 'em off, leave 'em on when we do it Louis Armstrong daughter, like a horn when she blew it You know you the one girl, I can see you choosin Cause you know I'm a winner, and with me you ain't losin I'm diggin your hairstyle, love the way your face look Let me take you to MySpace and tag your Facebook Got'chu feelin me the way that Jada feelin Will and Hillary feelin Bill, a chick that gon' keep it real - f'real Kill Bill what I'm smokin on like good I'm tryin to see if I can hit you with the nice wood [Juvenile] I can make you feel alright Come over to the crib and give it to ya all night Cause you got a body like the video type Daddy comin over, put the Henny on ice The Remy on ice, go on does it like that Damn shorty I ain't know you do it like that could move it like that - that's somethin that your momma can't teach You don't care what niggaz sayin just go follow that beat~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Q Corvette Album: Cocky & Confident Song: It's All Hood Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: repeat 2X] Ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay Uh ah ah ah ah ah ah ah What's good, what's good? It's all hood, it's all hood [Juvenile] I fuck with gangsters cause gangster be into real shit I fuck with bitches but them hoes'll get you killed quick Niggaz ain't surest 'bout they people but I love mine Ain't feel that safe then get rid of your fuckin bloodline And people say I got a swagger like a old man That's only because I'ma live to be an old man Yeah~! And I ain't mad if you hustlin I'd rather see you with money than if you sufferin I still remember shit we did when we was little kids Said it was mob in the hood and nigga it still is You my brother although you be on some other shit Get it together won't let 'em know what the other is [Juvenile] They sleepin on me bet I'll make a nigga wake up Test me, I bet a nigga get a A+ We countin money and you to' like Rambo We poppin bottles like the Lakers and Orlando I'm no extension cord, you tryin to find a plug? You in the repo and you lookin for designer drugs When you see me don't be scared to say where the cash at I don't be lonely to homey so you can have that I'll show you how to eat, if you don't wanna eat We probably kick it but it's gon' be every other week And I don't fuck with you, if you don't fuck with me You talkin shit I don't wanna hear then take it up the street [Q Corvette] Whassup cuz, I know I been out the scene wod' But look I'm comin back with double stacks of green dough It's all love, I'ma throw you down a couple grand I'm not a man if I didn't give you a helping hand This for my dogs that held me down through thick and thin And for them 10 that {?} cakes, we are not friends So when you see me don't holla nigga, you know whassup Better catch a cut cause my conscience told me to beat you up Northside rider mayne, don't associate with lames Just cause I'm movin weight, niggaz thought that I had changed Never change, remain the same, from my grandma to my chain Real nigga in my veins, it's that gorilla gang Artist: Juvenile f/ Rawsmoov Album: Cocky & Confident Song: New Orleans Stunna Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Let's get it, Nino~! Whoahhh Whoahh, ah wodie, ah wodie, ah wodie [Chorus: Rawsmoov] Ridin through the city on vogues Cadillac with the suicide do's Sayin in the hood mayne anythang goes When they see the Cadillac let 'em know How we do it like a "T.C. soldier, New Orleans stunna" "New Orleans stunna" {*cut and scratched*} "T.C. soldier, New Orleans stunna" "New Orleans stunna" {*cut and scratched*} [Juvenile] You should have pardoned me, don't you know the boy clicks? I'm in this thang, I got a B.T. and ward lip Put on the culo, yeah I'm into that murder thang I flame broil beef boy I'm the Burger Kang I got the money first, then the respect came Now I flip bitches like a biker at the X Games I used to do the cash, now I do the check thang I play the chess game, checkmatin e'rythang I fuck with everybody, no it's not a set thang I'm from the T.C. but I be on the West lane I smoke purple it's the penny to my blunt stain And flip the ceiling through the chips and the roulette thang [Juvenile] They say do I wanna die? I tell 'em you a lie They say I'm tryin to kill myself my do's suicide Yeah~! I'm on that Henny like Kanye Hoes screamin Juvie I wanna be your Beyonce Man I'm tryin to take over the world in the years back Then I'ma crane 'til it's dry like a beer can I put the blunt down then roll up another one I smoke a lot of weed, dawg I need another one You got knock in your trunk? Now that's a dumb question My shit beatin like a Southern band drum section Still in the game, I'ma retire good No one could beat me but myself, I guess I'm Tiger Woods [Juvenile] Show me a realer hood, show me a realer set Show me a realer nigga I ain't seen the nigga yet I'm on target hittin everythang I shoot fo' Player like myself attract the bitches like a shoe sto' I ain't the man yet, but I show a sign I got a big ego/Eagle and man I'm talkin both kinds You're lookin at my jewelry boy it be sayin somethin You're blinded by it and you only got a glimpse of it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Kango Slim Album: Cocky & Confident Song: All Over You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I can see myself, kissin all over you Girl if that's what you wanna do Rubbin all over you Girl you got me thinkin 'bout you babe, it's really really strange That I might do, only to you Kissin all over you [Juvenile] I'm tryin to get wit'chu baby I'm tryin to lock you down You floatin hard, tryin to get yo' ass on solid ground Big daddy comin over hoe so leave the door cracked Can't control myself I'm tryin to hit it by the doormat Headed big forward it's lookin like we some more of that Black enjoyin bottles of bubbles you could be pourin that You know the team strong, we got a hundred bikes Need to be talkin to me if you want your money right You never know it 'til you try it hoe I tell you no lie hoe, I think you a flyer hoe (yeah~!) I tell you this - if you was my hoe I could fuck you better than that nigga with my eyes closed [Kango Slim] You've got a face like you sick of what you been goin through He been ignorin you I can see where it's goin to I be your energy, we got a chemistry Somebody tell you I'm sour you be defendin me You should be leavin with me instead of that other man All of my feelings don't tell me you done made other plans You understand? I'ma have to double back I make that middle creamy, just like a double stack I got you on your back screamin out all loud I say that pussy good hoe but what that bow bow? (yeah~!) I'm on your ass like a chair seat I can see the future hoe you gon' be takin care of me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Kango Slim, Youngin' Album: Cocky & Confident Song: You Can't Stop Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] I came from the street, homeboy I get mine And I'll be damned if I let you stop my grind It ain't no way, no way, no way, no way I'ma let a motherfucker come stop me From gettin this cheese (gettin this cheese) To gettin this dough (gettin this dough) Ain't no way, no way, no way, no way I'ma let a motherfucker come stop me [Juvenile] You can't stop a train, lil' nigga I'm a choo choo Probably ain't feelin like me cause you ain't used to Living like this cause little wodie you broke Searchin for a hustle everywhere that you go Lookin like a snail cause you movin too slow Tryin hard as hell, but you need to do mo' That's on you boy, cause I'ma do juvie Watch that wodie don't you step on my Guccis Money don't make me, money don't move Matter fact, money ain't shit to me truly Haters know I got it, and they say they gon' abuse me Bitch I don't know who the fuck they confused me wit Ain't stoppin me from gettin what I usually get Be all bustin out on cash U.T. shit And ain't worried about how many goons you wit You can say what you want and catch a Zulu fit [Youngin'] Uhhh~! 18, Youngin' gettin big money Haha and nigga ain't shit funny I get money strapped with a lil' light toy It might be under my arm like Right Guard I say, I'm in a swamp, with white hard You watch a nigga in that water like a lifeguard I'm from the Big Easy ohh but life hard So when I spit real niggaz be like LAWD I did it, like O.J. Made 'em all stop, like a 4-way No way, no way I'a let a motherfucker come stop me I got me, as sure as I got chu I'm a +Street Fighter+ like Ryu Ken and them, left and right I'm sendin them I'm splittin with ease, gettin this cheese [Kango Slim] I said everytime, this gon' be my last time This my last goal this gon' be my last grind Addicted to the shine, the streets got me caught up Hustlin gettin mine that's how I was brought up My momma always say I shouldn't do the things I do But Mickey D's cant buy me no Gucci shoes Or them Louis loafers, or a Maybach I love weed momma, 800 for the sack I'm up early I didn't go to sleep last night I'm on the junkie flight, tryin to get my fetti right I'm tryin to serve them hard and your boy too Ask my customers you know who they belong too Jealous nigga hatin on a niggaz pocket I got product guranteed to make a nigga profit {?} {?} {?} one, and pick I type this on the sideline like Vick [Chorus] - first 1/2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Q Corvette Album: Cocky & Confident Song: Break it Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Don't stop now get it get it Get it get it, get it get it Don't stop now get it get it Get it get... [Chorus: Q Corvette] Look at how she movin, look at how she do it Pop and know they payin, stayin workin her booty But shorty's a winner, she ain't no beginner Just look at the way she make her ass go up She loves to break it down, break it down (down down down) (Breakin it down) Break it down, break it down (she breakin it down) She loves to break it down, break it down (down down down) (Breakin it down) Break it down, break it down (she breakin it down) [Juvenile] M.J. girl right here "I'm Bad" Fuck that nigga right there, he fag! What'chu lookin for girl I'm on And I ain't gotta tell you shit but I'm grown Don't stop now, get it get it Want dick right now HA~! Just admit it As Lord is the witness When times comes, I'ma give you the business Left right then jack that juice All you can say is big daddy is good I can have you in my steak You can be a side dish on my plate and I just ate and I'm still not straight You could be the judge bitch hear my case! I ain't talkin 'bout your girl right there but your girl right there [Q Corvette] She be all on the ground She be poppin it and splittin like the circus in town If that's your girl then oh my bad (my bad) Just tryin to hold that ass (that ass) It's amazing how she make it go rounnnnnnnnd [Juvenile] Shawty what you drinkin? I wanna feel yo' brain, get in yo' thinkin Later on let's lengthen And just tell me the #, I don't need no ink pen Yo' booty talk like reverends And I just cain't pass my blessing Everybody in the club's got questions But ooh girl just keep 'em guessing And get low my dear Niggaz is broke but not right chea Not me, you got me wrong I still got money from the "Bling Bling" song Yeah! I got old +Ca$h Money+ Fuckin with me'll get you more +Ca$h Money+ I ain't talkin 'bout your girl right there but your girl right there [Outro] Her ass go round and round Forward back up and down And when she back it up Beep beep she make that truckin sound Her ass go round and round Forward back up and down I ain't talkin 'bout her right there but her right there (look at how she move it) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Bobby V Album: Cocky & Confident Song: Everything Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Bobby V] Hey Juvie let's get it mayne [Chorus: Bobby V] A hundred percent real with everything I do I make things happen every time I come through And that's on everytaing That's on everythang If I ain't already did it, hoey I'm about to And that's on everytaing That's on everythang [Juvenile] I'm like Rocky goin up them Philly steps, fa-daa-daa-daa-daa To the top, na-nah-naa-na-nah-naa-naa I'm sippin Chaundon, until the sun done Don't need another one but I'ma pop another one Give you my word that I'm more gangsta than the worst of 'em The nerve of 'em, get credit for murders and ain't deservin 'em Pour to the curb on 'em bourbon please don't be burgeonin Barely makin it out the Magnolia before I'm servin 'em Niggaz talking 'bout taking my paper won't be the first of 'em Only receive these teardrops is the ones who gettin work with 'em I put my people on it pay attention when I'm workin 'em Get in, get money, get out, and you won't have to be hurtin 'em [Juvenile] Ye dig? I been about my business as a kid And all of your money there nigga well I say that it is A couple a thousand ain't nuttin to me I spend that on a fix And everything you've been hustlin for I lose that on a six I don't wear nuttin but Hot Boy colors and talk that old Hot Boy shit And only hot girls out there still tryin to get that old Hot Boy dick You heard of me dirty, I be up early with the pigeons And your neighbors be up with me too listenin through the kitchen One of the pioneers gotta bounce sum'n serious I'm the shit around here, I been out here Pull out the purple in the wheels, diamond chains and the grills Women see me and get the chills, wanna hang with the real [Juvenile] They done got me back to my mojo, that's gon' be mo' dough I ride the motorbike fast, I ride the Porsche slow Got it below low, let your folks know I make them dope rows that'll provoke those cowards who scope those I got 'em so dro I know they follow me, God bless 'em if they bother me They got a problem with me obviously and I can understand it cause they bitches be on top of me And I understand them bitches too I fuck 'em probably And they understand how a nigga feel about his property Make 'em understand the consequences if they lie to me I was raised right and I'm the nigga that they try to be [Outro: Bobby V] Whoahoahohhhhhhhh~! Whoahoahohhhhhhhh Whoahoahohhhhhhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boy$ f/ Big Tymers Album: Get It How U Live!! Song: Bigtimers Typed by: HotBoi226@aol.com [Mannie Fresh] Straight off the project steppa Nigga, hot like pepper I fucked your ol' lady last night, then I left her That pussy was a fool, I wish I woulda kept her Niggas in the hood sayin' I'm a repper But I bet cha', neither one them niggas gone check a Hot Boy No your not, boy Your heart pump Kool-Aid Watch out, you'll get chopped boy From the hottest, of the hottest of the hot fo Project hoes, scatterd sites, and whole block see ya Baller Blockin', standin' in my way Cash Money, Hot Boy$ bout their presidents everyday [Baby]  Since we got papers, the feds be tryin' to stop us I'm playin with millions, fuckin uptown poppers Goals and hoes Niggas doin videos Fuck Versace, Reeboks, and Girbauds I bought a Hummer that's sittin' 32's Fuck stun'n, we givin these hoes the blues A mouth full of gold, diamonds on my whole crew Rolex to show we done what we had to do So muthafuck you nigga, and yo' whole crew Ca$h Money Records bitch we be com'n through So show love, Baby, Mannie, and the whole crew The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys Album: Get it How U Live Song: We On Fire Typed by: shaolin@umich.edu [Juvenile] What kinda nigga that'll go and score a 98 a 99 off the show room floor? [Lil' Wayne] What...what kinda nigga young sitting on chrome got 3 or 4 cars ready to get his shine on? [Turk] Nigga...what kinda nigga leave ya ? and give a fuck big nuts and big heart from the start? [Juvenile] What kinda nigga stay shining and ride fly? What kinda nigga be bumping in drive-bys? [Lil' Wayne] Look, look...what kinda nigga be burning like a stove? Worth 6 figures, hot, ? on gold? [Turk] What...what kinda niggas ? in black clothes street smart and play the game how it goes? [Juvenile] Ah, ah...what kinda nigga be driving these hoes crazy claiming that they pregnant, wanna be his ol' lady? [Lil' Wayne] Uh, uh...what kinda nigga be sparkling like silver? Lil' bitty soldier thugging, playing with a million? [Turk] Now...what kinda nigga's tote chops and ride hot? Hunting niggas down up and down they fucking block Chorus: repeat 2X The Hot Boys, the Hot Boys (them nigga's is the)  Hot Boys, the Hot Boys [Juvenile] What kinda nigga don't give a fuck who you is? Disrespect in his mind you jeopardizing yo kids [Lil' Wayne] Yeah...what kinda nigga run with nothing but head busters?  Riding at night, hitting like a Louisville slugger? [Turk] Lil' momma..what kinda nigga sport soldiers and 'bauds? Pimp niggas....and fuck hoes? [Juvenile] What kinda nigga be ducking the ATF? Look what kinda nigga got clientele in the 'jects? [Lil' Wayne] Well...what kinda nigga play beef like a pro? Keep enemies close and blaze like an optimo? [Turk] Nigga...what kinda nigga's be sharp off the top drive benz and like diamonds that shine? [Juvenile] Ah, ah...what kinda nigga put his name on the blimps?  [Lil' Wayne] Whoaty...what kinda nigga make your whole life frightening?  Setting it off with 50 shots, striking like lightening? [Turk] Ha...what kinda nigga's run through ports with keys? Getting paid 7 days a week making G's. Chorus: repeat 3X The Hot Boys, the Hot Boys (them nigga's is the)  Hot Boys, the Hot Boys [Juvenile] Nigga...what kinda nigga got this shit under control? What kinda nigga stash his bundle in his 'bauds? [Lil' Wayne] Now hold up...what kinda nigga got them scanks? saying he got that fire? [Turk ] Now...what kinda nigga clip tight with his click? Paper chasing and smack a piss out a bitch? [Juvenile] Whoaty...what kinda nigga you hear about but don't see? What kinda nigga go to war like the middle east? [Lil' Wayne] Say ?...what kinda nigga make his tramp stay in line and can bruise your lil' twat at the uh, same time? [Turk] Say dog...what kinda nigga be thugging, letting 'em sag? Getting loaded, fully loaded of dime bags? [Juvenile] What kinda nigga do crime and serve time? What kinda nigga ride keys and serve dimes? [Lil' Wayne] Just what kinda nigga be on top Lil' girls respect his mind and he too too hot [Turk] Now, now...what kinda niggas be famous living rich? Tossing hoes having bitches sucking his dick? Chorus: repeat 1X The Hot Boys, the Hot Boys (them nigga's is the)  Hot Boys, the Hot Boys The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys Album: Get it How U Live Song: 50 Shots Sets it Off Typed by: Xup124@aol.com, courtneyloves@tupac.com [B.G.] You know me can't get caught without my chopper Lil' weak wit 50 I'm itchin' to see I got cha B.G. labeled as a bust back nigga Can't let yo chrome put holes in me, fuck that nigga If you don't hit me up and I get another chance nigga That's dat ass nigga, and you could trust that nigga I put it on my first bomb like 50 states I got 50 rounds to split yo motherfucking grape I hope you don't think you could get away because I ain't gon let you get away and you can ride deez [Lil' Wayne] Load it up pull it back then aim Bust and release 50 flame in hang Bullets slang like crack cocaine 50 niggas always riding wit Lil Wayne My rees string up bo's fall halfway I'm jumpin out a tree with a camoflouge AK  I spots my target and let'em go in the wind Bullets fly by cha cha blow in the wind One afta' another and another How they come slippin out the clips  see 'em flip and hm hum [B.G.] You see how Hot Boys play it now When we coming for yo issue wodie lay it down cause if you don't you done piss me clean off Ya history dog believe 50 shots gone set it off Me, Wayne, Juve, and Turk coming show you through Four niggas with 50 shots that's 200 at you [Wayne] They burn ah ah on da real They damage fa' flip and turn ah  Face be on a bandana fa' Niggas scattered like sand Cause I got sluggs up in my hand 50 marching like a band Niggas crumble like cans ah ah hold yo horses  I gotta K with 50 choices ah ah chose one I set it off to bruise one (Chorus) Set it off 50 shots gonna set it off (10x) [Turk] Killing you niggas ain't no thang I'm quick to let dat chopper rang Beef keep frozen but when it melts I do my thang 50 shots to set it off Real quick bitch niggas get left  where they can't be found fuckin with me  I got some niggas on my side that will ride or die with me Craig, Ron, Randy a ride or die with me They will bust a head with me from the scene they fled with me My fucking rounds when I drawn down they gon draw down with me I acts wild when I come through no time to watch out  50 shots with no doubt, blood gon' rush out Niggas could run up and get done up if they want Think I'm gon' hestiate nigga I won't I tear it down yo whole block With the chopper chop down your whole spot You thinkin I'm fake nigga you better not 50 shots to set it off, you get flopped off the top (Chorus repeat) [Juvenile] Welcome to Magnolia norm soldier with bombs Mama knew I would blow up cause calm for so long For the present that be the evil, that got me bust'n at people Fuck if this shit's illegal, I gotta fix up my regal For the shit that apply me, send apologies but I got 50 niggas Loyal to die for me, look what the devil done to me Runnig the beef under the streets Na we each gotta knock of da leash A bunch of empty shells Walking no talking plot'n for power Going riding in sour foe herion, rocks, powder Tommorrow not promised I got so much niggas behind us hungry peronas with intensions of bein' tymers Fuck sitting around for the revolution to jump off Look I'm bout my issues 50 shots gon' set it off (Chorus til end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys f/ Lil Wayne  Album: Get it How U Live Song: Block Burner Typed by: LilDogg231@aol.com Verse 1: (lil wayne) Ha ha ha ha check it Its me thats creepin through the back And the black on black Lil soldier with a mac I bust back till it crack You see I ride tonight Bullets fly at night Lain tonight  Wayne and get high at night And a high tonight when I'm duckin' round the mirrors I run over niggas like eighteen wheelers Hungry gorilla Ah what cha what cha got wootay Gettin' beef thinks its cool I hit cha hit cha block wootay Hit cha get cha gurl  Choppa choppa neighborhood Let his poppa understood Nigga burn like wood And i swang Through yo house wit that thang Fo-Five range Can you catch me where I reign Now look hang to below the sealevel I be hotter than a devil Lil daddy I'm on fire 17 rider Mac-mac his supplier Lil boy my chopper make mo noise than a choir One of these niggas gone leave here brainless Some of these niggas aint gone even be remainin' Look now you keep thinkin' I'm to be played with My gage spray quick I aint ta be played with I ride like a rollercoaster When I ride with uptown soldiers I'm comin' up the back my grill start to spark Opp I'm coming up the front (breathing hard) ya caught Now where you gone run and where you gone turn Oohh I got my gun Oohh chopper bullets burn To whom it may concern Chopper bullets burn Get through your block like a perm Look weak like sperm (Chorus) 2x Now check the whole block the whole block catch a fire I be the I be the block block on the rider Verse 2 I spin yo corner with my size 16 sankin' Lip trangin' Shootin' 50 automatic They all black and Stickin' niggas like patches Family stackin' They all burn like matches Now test me and it will be accidental Erase like pencils Use niggas like rentals Now WHO Will wanna run up on my crew Look as COOL Logger its all on you See I CRUISE Up and down your street like the caribbean Then I release all off my heater from the fifty plus Ashes to dust I get dirty dirty like mud Leave one ta bust And dirty dirty slugs rush Now hush and everybody keep the noise down See uptown bout to bring all of you boys down Got a mean frown I'm movin' like a po lil bug Better keep it shut Fo the whole block get burned up (Chorus)2x Verse 3 Thats me up on the back street in black clothes See me and Rob burn blocks whoa nigga whoa We get two choppers from Mike and leave a hundred hoes We run up on you at night whoa nigga whoa See I explode  And leave brains on the flo I light yo block With case glocks and calicodes Now there it go The beat done jumped off Oo-ooohhh the beat done jumped off I clear your street with heat from a sawed-off And all the peeps on yo street get hauled off Don't fall off Or wootay its on you The bullets charged see wootay I warned you I come through with a chopper to let it off Ya ready dawg the drama I'ma let it off La la la la la la weak like sperm Told ya told ya told ya chopper bullets burn (Chorus)  Now check the whole block the whole block Its best you play cool fo I make it yo block The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boy$ f/ Big Tymers Album: Get it How U Live Song: Neighborhood Superstar Typed by: Caddy24@aol.com Talking (Juvenile): Suga Slim Million Dollar spot Verse 1: Juvenile Wodie ask them motherfuckers how the CMB play it Tanqueray and Alize it, take the llello and weigh it 735's I drive fits ta match, when I past  Bitches ask, "Who the fuck was that?" Girl thats Juvenile you don't know'em he on fire 17 inch momos black magic on his tires Crushed out stoned, plushed out homes, cellular phones And concerts in the Superdome Now I can pump my Beamer and play the Navigator Sport tailor made outfits with matchin alligators Visa gold, bank account on swole Got my million dollar destiny under control Millions a fantasy, Juvenile's reality Bitch I write my own checks bitch I pay my own salary You want business with me  Boss playa ya have to be I'ma million dollar nigga these bithces run after me I got a gold and crome Beretta I got a 1997 Mercedes compressor And I can bet a - hundred G's and my pockets won't hurt Nigga set for life nigga puttin' in work (Chorus) 2x All kinds of cars Neighborhood superstar Feared by many and loved by broads Verse 2: Baby Neighborhood superstar Ridin' in these pretty cars Uptown niggas livin' like movie stars Flyin' ta tennessee chillin' with lil jimmie And transportin' coke back and forth to my city Takin' flights  Be in Las Vegas over night Chillin' with Lo Jack Sippin' on cognac Goin' to casinos Gamblin' with the young ninos Loosin' 20 Gs worth of C notes Nigga I sold dope all my life Turned a hundred Gs into two million over night I guess cuz I'm rich These hoes say I'm a stuntin' bitch Thats why I look at all these hoes like the aint shit But I'm a star Bitch you can keep that gar Give me the money and a brand new car Livin' in eastover dealin' big balla parties Invitin' all the fuckin' female roovers Ridin' in lambruginis Beaches hoes and bikinis Me and Fresh tag teamin' Ridin' in convertible land roovers Hoes be sweatin' cuz of the mouth full of golds Nigga baallin' out of control (Chorus) 2x Verse 3: Mannie Fresh I come with TVs and VCRs in the cars And I pack a big dick down in tha draws I'm a neighborhood peppa boy Platinum steppa boy Rolls Royce of my choice not a reppa boy Young G Ridin' in a hum v Broads tellin' bitches tellin' hoes come see 20 inch rims, on Yokahama slims Check the neck for the diamonds and the gems Don't nobody got mo ends than me Don't nobody drive a fuckin' benz like me I got a house in cali and a ranch in texas 17 inches on a brand new lexus Picture project hoes dancin' on marble floors Kissin' one nigga from his head to his toes Who you wanna be like manny or mike How you gone shine dark or bright Cuz these hoes be wishin' to ride in a 97 expedition When I pass I make'em stop look and listen For tryin' ta follow tha big body empala Don't love'em don't need'em bitch sorry can't holla verse 4: Lil Wayne Now tell me what kinda Nigga got diamonds that'll *bling* blind ya I'm only 14 I'm a big tymer I'm sittin' on crome all week shiner My golds hang low Crystal on the flo I'ma flex Twenty thousand dollar rolex I got my name on a street up in every city And look everywhere I be I got a mirror wit me Look I'm feared by many loved by broads I'm livin' marvelous I'ma superstar (superstar) (Chorus) 4x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys Album: Get it How U Live!! Song: Take it Off Your Shoulder Typed by: rap_beatz2k@yahoo.com [Juvenile] I bust you in your motherfuckin mouth for talkin The beast of beasts is in here, and 1 or us ain't walkin Hope you got your boys and you straped tight Cuz this bout to be some shit you won't like Picture this, a fome hot, to your dome hot I was a bitch before I drew down, now I got a new sound You found a nigga that you though was a hoe He's probably from your family, you married the most Who's the B, whats the beef, my lady she's pregnant She's already 5 months, so we lookin at oh 3 My baby bout to touch down, man I can't do this with a frown Bustin that niggas dick over my pops corner All my people are probably wondering whats going on Playin a chess game, gotta keep my eye on this mate All the way from Adam and Eve, not fuckin Steve Chorus: I take It off your shoulder Nigga I'm thuggin in the magnolia You better do what I told ya Unless you want to get fuck over [Juvenile] Watch yourself, it's getting bad and dangerous We makin niggas so it's scared to hang wit us We show them large and they stumble back Ridin around every water in the chat It used to be like that, till the driver drowned Thats niggas is doctor p, knock the niggas door down He hit his head on bed, 24/7 I gotta deal with these niggas and bitches till 2:11 What are them niggas that are duckin the law Who them niggas who just shot up your car What you call them niggas that are ready for war What you call them niggas that go too far Hot Boys running with kerosene running through everything All the way to shit, you never seen To Magnolia and back Niggas talk bout me but then they never seen Seeing them niggas in the cages, duckin stages, thinkin they courageous I'mma bust you in the head, my enemies trying to fled C-Murder trying to come up here and murder Some motherfuckin claim to representin He ain't from the magnolia, so this shit ain't reminiscin This is my system Like an addiction thats like fiction My victums can't see cuz they bitchin Don't worry, I'll make them believers When my blood pressure get high and over steamers This week will not be cut Cuz it's in God we trust You niggas trying to check wit us We'll make it so you respectin us Chorus [Juvenile] If I was in the dinker, I probably be dead right now One of these niggas tried to bust my head by now I'll be ridin tonight, ain't no survivin Now I got my enemy drivin, and ain't despising This nigga be seeing the bright light And when he gets in park, end his life 2 or my people, look nigga I'm planning And when I see 200 keys of that sand I'm a marked man, so I'll put that shit in your hand I'mma be shacollin, all my niggas ballin Juve you buyed it Wayne you buyed Turk you buyed it Slim you buyed it Baby you buyed it Fresh you buyed it B.G., ballers you buyed it You and you, you buyed it This motherfuckin investigation on me? Saying they got shit on me I'mma be kissing these alligations They tried to torture and question me at the police station They keep playa hatin, they keep statin Niggas gonna be waiting, fuck that, I'd rather take my chances Bitch in a minute, I rearrange shit Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys Album: Get it How U Live!! Song: Dirty World Typed by: SugaSlimm@Aol.com [Chorus - Lil Wayne] It's a dirty world but it still spins Ya can't do nothin' about it but try to live in it You can't live too large or live too small It's a fix, but 2-2-6 gone still ball [Lil Wayne] No mater what, them people gonna always watch us And them dirty judges gonna keekp on tryin' to knock us Playa haters everwhere, can't trust ya own peeps And the feds got us with this new thing called conspiracy Them dirty scamps throwin' crosses, real niggas dyin' They put a limit to our flossin', don't wanna see us shine But close ya eyes, lil' hater, and look the other way This for my mother, lost my father just the other day I'm seein' niggas get shot up, hell I got shot, too Man, you hate me and I hate you, look what this world do I'm watchin' my own people fry and see they brains boil Look I don't curse but in this verse nigga fuck the world Chorus 2x [Turk] Niggas be wantin' to kill ya, when ya on top they tryin to still ya Surrounded by playa haters, how you gonna make a million? Own boys be tryin' to take ya spot, you think it's cool but it's not Niggas be tryin to plot on what ya got If you rich you better leave it low It's a dirty old world, nigga, if you didn't know Don't tell ya business to hoes cuz they'll cross you up Tell they oldman you got her, he'll try to chop you up Watch ya back at all times, it's a dirty world Niggas get left and found over boy and girl Fuck playin' the game raw, I play it smart nigga Think I'm gonna get caught up nigga? I won't nigga I keep my eyes wide, and don't trust no nigga or bitch These days, nigga, ya can't trust ya own click Ain't that some shit? This world nothin' nice Niggas hatin' if you got it, it's all gravy when ya trife Chorus 2x [Juvenile] Them bitches got a nigga trapped, they ain't givin' a shit But they'll give it to them Japs, they buy property and don't even pay no tax Ride nothin' but Lexus' and 'Lacs The same treatment we ask, a destination of blacks Give us a ballot of names, and expect us to vote The way I see it, we losin' out anyway this shit go Show me a politician and I'll show you a crook Show me a police officer that go by the book They'll plant dope on ya, go to court on ya Give ya 99 years and slam the door on ya Angola, the free man bout it, he don't play Nigga get outta line, ship 'em to Camp J Food stamps and welfare done been cut now They done fucked the Medi-care up, so niggas stuck now Bet ya before the week out another nigga get killed Bet ya pennington don't give a fuck how a nigga feel We fallin' like bricks, and they flyin' like birdies This world needs to take a bath cuz it's too dirty Chorus 2  x [The B.G.] Ya know this world so dirty, believe it ain't clean at all I gotta be a 'lil man and stand tall Y'all niggas jackin' for they habit, they can't keep it up F*ck with the wrong nigga's shit, you get ya head bust I only trust niggas that I know down with me I see straight through cut-throat niggas easily They tryin' to snatch me, cuz they know I'm what ya used to be Cuz I'm a major fu-uh-factor to C-M-B But I keep a chopper that's damn near as big as me Cuz I refuse to let any nigga still me That'll be stripes for a nigga on the fuckin' streets Reppin' off me sayin' they shot the B.G. I get some weed and just roll up This world tore up, niggas on that dope, sick, fold up My click rich wrapped in diamonds and pearls Ya gotta be strapped, bein' rich in this dirty world Chorus 4x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hoy Boys f/ B.G. Album: Get it How U Live Song: I'm a Hot Boy Typed by: XUP124@aol.com [B.G.] I take drama as far as it could go I ain't no ho That is something u would wanna know I get loose as a goose When beef in my presence i'm a hot boy fa'sho Nigga a living legend I straight creep if I get beef with ya They got T-shirt waiting on yo fucking picture Yo head leak like water drippin from a faucet Cause I was in the hospital Yo wootay these niggas think I lost it But I'm still a head busta Run with straight real niggas That's a fatigue nigga So this the deal with ya All about cash daddy Face behind the mask daddy Choppers with 50 in em' Ready to blast daddy Duck or get down nigga Bounce or get bounce nigga U on side of a milk carton Can't be found nigga Take it how u wanna  Bring how u feel Take in blood nigga you get it how u live Chorus: ( Juve) Where the villian be That's where I'll stand I'm comming with autilary Up in my hand I'm showing u bitches the reason I'm the man I'm stopping u hoes from breathing u understand Verse 2: ( B.G) It don't stop It want stop My glock on safety Cock if you get shot Don't get shocked Cause you are aware of my actions U know I that U heard of me And that's a fact son I'm bout whatever u bout nigga allday I'm 100% thug U wont't trigga play It's all gravy let's handle it I get scandalous I call baby it's confusion Army tool we using He beep me back We clicking up we set up A dangerous mob Once u wet up No getting up That's how it is I hustle for my G's Over hundred G's Stun'n with versace It's straight soldiers ree's And soldiers rags, soldiers hats, Soldiers jackets nigga we bustin' soldiers pants We wanna go all the way out And thug????? Uptown my stumpping ground we camflouge down (chours) Verse 3: If you aint bout no paper I ain't fucking with ya  U outta line I'm gon flip ya B.g toten big pistol U know I represent Full of that dope behind lime tint Mercedes what I'm in We steal is a lil hint That u murder if you flinch 6feet in where u sent My occupation consist Putting momma on the front bench My click is often dangerous If they caught to hang with us thug with us Cause trust if u outside ain't no love with us Where I'll be all my rounds fucking down And that's dat UPT U ain't gotta hide you get down But it all good U get dirty I get dirty We all hood U be slurgin I be slurgin In the 929 fullu loaded sitting on chrome I'm hot boy that need a hot girl to take home I aint' gone bone light  On dat dope dick I know you heard that we go all night Yo girl ?????? say B.G. ain't right Chorus til end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boyz Album: Get it How U Live!! Song: Get it How U Live!! Typed by: HeOnFire05@aol.com [Lil' Wayne] So you say you ready to hustle, scuffle over a dollar, rumble over a bundle, ready to bust over 2 dolars, ready to die for 5,  ready to ride on 9, better be bout your change  lettin hang at all times, ready to fight high, duckin them blue eyes, ready to see ya moma cry  every time you walk inside, ready to bring the funk,  hide keys in the trunk, ready to live that life one more night, knowin' you don't, ready to get ya pockets thick, hustle hard sweat bricks, shoot you stick at a vick, get her to buy a nick for 6, ready to serve Tammy, 50 dollars worth of wammy, ready to lose ya heart fall apart from ya family, damn near gettin killed, a mil is only on ya mind, ready to slang that iron, put in work over time, ready to get crossed, put a hit out on a nigga boss, ready to shine and floss,  is you bout that white sauce, 10 a keys the cost, bout to toss a nigga 3, meet me at the dope spot 8 in the mornin next week, now I was lookin for 30, you only had 26, I feel you tryin to play me, (Blow!) get it how you live (Chorus)  Get how you live nigga, do you dig nigga?  You ain't gone take my life, I'll split yo wig nigga.  Get it how you live nigga, do you dig nigga?  You ain't gone take my life, I'll split yo wig nigga. [Turk] Gotta watch yo back now, form all these licks that you did, that dope gotcha' gone now you can't even take care ya own kids, everything you had, all that shit gone down the drain, used to be a bigtimer, look at you ain't that a shame? Get it how you live, how you live betta get it, tried to rock now shit it, them niggas ain't takin no pity, it's yo world nigga, so you play how go, it's all up to you, you get smoked, you just get smoked, now from riches to rags, doin' good to doin' bad, used to be happy, now you walkin round lookin sad, that monkey on ya back, yo mind you let em' take it,  don't matter how much you try, nigga you can not shake it, get how you live (Chorus)  Get it how you live nigga, do you dig nigga?  You ain't gone take my life, how you fig nigga.  Get it how you live nigga, do you dig nigga?  You ain't gone take my life, I split yo wig nigga. [Juvenile] Dog, you out there bad, that's why niggas wanna bust yo head, and them hoes done thrown in that stupid shit that you said, now you runnin to yo family, and yo boys for help, look, you went and get some beef can't avoid yourself,  all yo car done got shot up, yo house done got shot up, and I heard some niggas turnin against and bout to plot up, don't get scared now, you was a killa yesterday,  you was talkin some shit, now they wanna blow you away, lil whoadie, you on your own, so leave me outta this shit,  I don't fuck wit you anyway so keep me outta this shit, I wasn't wit ya when you stunted, wasn't wit ya when you blunted, and I ain't gone be wit ya when them niggas come through here gunnin', you ain't neva heard of hard head, nigga, soft ass,  you got strung on that dope ha? Tryin to go to war fast, no matter how hard you try,  look you just can't get it right, tell me what is the purpose of you havin a life,  now you sayin a nigga was down bad, for snatchin' yo kid,  look nigga you made that baby, betta get it how you live Get it how you live nigga, do you dig nigga? You ain't gone take my life, how you fig jigga. Get it how you live nigga, do you dig nigga? You ain't gone take my life, I'll split yo wig nigga. [B.G.] Nigga it's rough, comin' up, in the U.P.T.,  N.O.P.D investigatin' murders constantly, you got coke don't let no one know where you lay yo head at,  cuz they comin' to getcha', and that's where you be dead at,  gotta keep yo head up, make sure yo thing loaded up,  keep yo game tight if you don't yo brains blowed up,  if you hustle keep a pistol wit 17 on yo hip, if a nigga run up on you trippin' let it rip,  don't let a nigga get flip wit' ya, or close to ya, cause he'll steal what you love most nigga now take it how you wanna, bring it how you feel, but that's how it is, ya gotta get how you live,  and if you live the wrong, make yo cheese doin' wrong then you might get shot up and bleed to death in yo home, I'm kickin the real, and if you real, you could feel that you could steal or get stole when you gettin' it how you live nigga.  (Chorus) Get it how you live nigga, do you dig nigga? You ain't go take my life, how you fig nigga. Get it how you live nigga, do you dig nigga? You ain't gone take what's mine, I'll split you wig nigga Get it how you live The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hotboys f/ Bun B (UGK) Album: Get it How U Live Song: I'm Com'n Typed by: Fireboy504@hotmail.com (B.G.) Boy, picture me com'n, shining my motherfuckin ass off Nigga I'm com'n in a Ram on 19's I don't want for nothin, livin the million dollar dream All of a sudden, niggas wanna do me in Don't make me get disgusted, or over your head is 10 Me and Baby shinin, on 750 C.B.R.'s Going to the best western with niggas in two cars Tomorrow hoes gotta go, cause me and B flyin back to Tennessee Tryin to see bout some cheese They got niggas ballin, but they don't even wanna Get out the projects, and buy a house on Washatona Fresh gotta Burben, pearl white with T.V.'s My clique ain't hurtin, haul to the bank First N.B.C. Juve gotta a Beamer, blue and black with 17's B Expedition shoppin, he just ordered 23's It's all gravy, this life i'm livin, i'm lovin, Young, straight thuggin, watch out for my clique cause we com'n I'm com'n, draped in diamonds, you blind homes I'm com'n, bout gettin my fuckin shine on I'm com'n, draped in diamonds, you blind homes I'm com'n, bout gettin my fuckin shine on (Lil' Wayne) In all black, ready to get a nigga for some yay, Playin with heavy weight, i'mma end ( ? ) Don't hesistate, better play it cool, shipe I'm up the big two, shipe, go by the rule, shipe Drop everything where you stand nigga, Give it all up, like a man nigga You workin with somethin, nigga bring me to the house Respect my mind, or get your brains knocked out I come for the cheese, 25 G's, remain on your knees Or i'll be forced to release, freeze, I make a nigga break down like a bucket Nigga what, you ain't gonna what, hold up, (gun cocks) up it Who fallin now, loga, tell me that Who ballin now, broadas, flat necks Spread it on down, with ya issue I be stunnin Nigga lay it down, i'm com'n I'm com'n, you better watch what you do nigga Nigga I'm com'n, ( ? ) it's on you nigga I'm com'n, you better watch what you do nigga Nigga I'm com'n, you ballin, it's on you nigga (Bun B) >From a penny, to a nickel, to a dime, and a quarter If a any nigga fickel-fuck with mine, then he oughta Get his wife, son, and daughter funeral plans in order Cause i'mma slaughter his blood line till it's thinner than water Went from captain Save-A-Hoe, to Captain Kirk, to Captain Kangaroo But you ain't got no army captain, so who is you a danger to Nobody hang with you, slang with you, bang with you, spend change with you, or do no kind of gangsta thangs with you I'm on your heels, and ain't no lettin up So if you hit the ground, bitch ain't no gettin up Niggas start the bettin up, Put your last dime on me, your credit line on me, Ask Niggy D.D., you gon win every time on me That ain't no lyin on me, that's on my momma All my niggas locked up and dead, behing all that fuckin drama Wassup to Big Tymers, producers, groupies, bitches, and rap rhymers Big Bun com'n like dicks and vaginas I'm com'n, just when you niggas least expected I'm com'n, so have your whole body protected I'm com'n, strong armin your whole clique bitch I'm com'n, so wipe the cum up off my dick bitch (Young Turk) I got more weight then them niggas up state My name, Raymon D., I'm the nigga with the yay I'm from the projects, 42 dollar rent, i'm ballin Stackin ends, taller then tall, could never catch me fallin Ride slow, shine like diamonds, twinkle like gold The young nigga, fuckin all you old niggas hoes When I come, I come with it, I don't rep Playa haters wanna kill me, march niggas, step Yeah I got it, fuck them niggas, I ain't hidin it Hot boy with hot toys, hangin in the closest Ready to be fire, drama, i'm bout that Chopper with 50 shots, nigga I pack gats My set be on fire, hotter then the sunny Want a package, meet me at the spot, nigga i'm com'n I'm com'n, with the coke, let me though nigga I'm com'n, playa hate me, you get removed nigga I'm com'n, with the coke, let me though nigga I'm com'n, playa hate me, you get removed nigga (Juvenile) Stop at the gas station and put 30 in the tank Pockets kinda low, I hit the curb to the bank Just thinkin bout this bitch ass nigga, thats disrespectin No question, wootay bit the hand that done fed him My nigga Doug told me, " man ride with them choppers " My nigga Baby told me, " man don't stop for no poppers" Know that a bitch will get you crossed in a minute Know that they gonna put it off till they get it I had a bad bitch with big ass, until she was top of the line So she stayed in Chanell fits She ran with some made niggas, so she was a made bitch However you wanna do it, it's all on you how she played it She worked for Hot Boys, and I was the chairmen Complication, just give me the Franklins You can take it like a man or a bitch Best to get the fuck or you wanna get flipped I'm com'n, better watch what you do nigga I'm com'n, you gotta get it, you gotta do nigga I'm com'n, Juvenile is comin through nigga I'm com'n, i'mma knock your brains in your shoes nigga I'm com'n, better watch what you do nigga I'm com'n, Juvenile is comin through nigga I'm com'n, i'mma knock your brains in your shoes nigga I'm com'n, better watch what you do nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys f/ Turk Album: Get It How U Live!! Song: Infrared Dot Typed by: Mike82122@aol.com Magnolia in this bitch. That Melph, that Calio, VL, 10th Ward, everybody, check it. Turk: Untamed gorillas Uptown for sho' Gettin' full of that raw Mac Melph Calio Totin choppers on the street like it's very legal Lovin' blue eyes and curly hair cuz that's fuckin' people These niggas wet, head smokin' from his beretta led Shouldn't fuck with niggas in that 3 cuz they surely don't play Chop you down in a minute Yo' head, quick to spin it Set it off with 50 shots Ain't no stoppin' till it's finished Rag tag, leave ya fizad with bullet holes On yo bizack with bloody clothes you know Thug niggas Like sockets we plug niggas Head busters Showin' no love ass niggas Bout beefin' At night they bout that creepin Tearin' it down No more DJ's for the weekend Chop you down real quick Like that razor Gillette Body acceptin' bullets like 1-800-Collect Chorus (Juvenile): Livin' in that 3rd where niggas got shot They got 9 millis and infrared dot A buncha niggas totin' choppers that's quick to wet you up I said them niggas from uptown don't give a mother fuck (repeat) Turk: Part 2 And you know, what we bout, them hustles Still niggas, kill niggas, work for the men with shovels Still nigga, fuck with that 3 it's a must that you die Real nigga, ??? got on a box with camoflauge Macs, SK's, Choppers, that's all we play Spin up in at night, big nuts from broad day Leavin' yo' block wet Don't give a fuck who get hit Bangin' and kill So if you get split you get split In that UPT, they got that monkey on they back Niggas in that 3 won't hesitate to leave ya crack If you slip in Uptown, then you fucked nigga Pullin' triggers full of that brown ducked out nigga Totin' choppers That's wet ya leave ya foul nigga Uptown don't give a fuck, and they wild nigga In that Magnolia, nigga knock ya head off ya shoulders Reload to LD will fuck clean over ya Left with no figgas Fucked up from 50 niggas 6 ft. is where you'll be On t-shirts is ya picture Chorus Turk: In that 3 we pack 2's that'll bruise when we spit Choppers with 50, so it ain't no way we won't hit Playin' a game with no rules so you get crept on Red dots beamin' u better have your vest on Uptown consists of nothin' but them real niggas Packin' steel niggas Won't hesitate to kill niggas Sharp shooter ?????? nigga at far range Killin' you niggas ain't no thang so yo' brains hang Choppers be ringin' like a motherfuckin' church bell Niggas get served like a junkie with a drug sell Runnin' shop is them off of ??? ???? and they strapped with autillary In that Melph, niggas will leave ya where ya standin Poppin' trunks and they pullin' out the cannons Pullin' triggers that'll soak ya leave ya brainless 50 shots will stop ya  Body be flamin' Chorus x 2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys f/Big Tymers Album: Get It How U Live!! Song: Blood Thicker Typed by: Mike82122@aol.com Turk: Stickin' together like glue Blood is thick so I'm tight Swimmin' for my people Don't mind losin' my life Ridin' or fryin' Don't matter nigga I'm real All the time The red thicker than the clear Get in the way And you get maced in the face 50 niggas will chase Put a end to yo' day Hit yo' set in the black on black With Macs With red dots on 'em Will leave you flat Yo' moms with the black on her On the front level 6 ft. is where you be there goes the men with the shovels Blood thicker than water I'ma keep it like that Never turnin' my back And I'ma keep it like that Much love for my people They got love for me Outsiders get outta line Get burnt up from the heat I'ma play it how it go Be down to the finish Fuck havin' friends cuz friends turn into your enemies Chorus: (Juvenile)Load it up slide it in cock it back pop it out.  Load it up slide it in yall die. (Lil Wayne) Load it up slide it in cock it back pop it out.  CMB226 we all ride. Baby: Money and bitches don't mix Hoes shit got a lotta niggas fixed That's why I stick with blood thicker than water shit Me and my brothers split keys Get me 18 ounces nigga, and 10 g's Ridin' in convertable Rolls Royce with the HB's Draped with diamonds and gold hoes love me Fuckin' right nigga I raised the B.G. That's why I'm a hot boy on these city streets Blood thicker than water I know you feel me Set trip motherfucker we gon' kill ya Change on ya brain Lets sneak and then peel ya I walk light Uptown But I still got my ghetto stripes I creep and peep Keep my hand on my heat I ain't gon' let no bitch nigga steal me I got a world My main hoe pregnant with my lil girl I gotta be here to serve her world Motherfuck snortin' furl Gimme the rap game lil dick suckin' bitch and I'ma stay rich But it's yo' world Guess what Cash Money Records stick together like blood and furl Juvenile: It's just me and you all I'm with whatever you wanna do all Let you floss in my new car Pop a nigga for you fall We deal with niggas ass together Build up all our cash together Scored our first bag together And stole our first Jag together No separation No outsiders could come between us 2 felonies and misdemeaners got a subpeona Turnin' state The Hot Boy$ carry they weight Any false movin' the case then the fool losin' his face ???????? Look what we been Though we did it sin I'm prepared to do it again I ain't lyin' My bloodline is 1 of a kind Fuck it we all shine Look and we all blind This shit is turned bad yeah You done fucked with my people now I'ma bust ya ass yeah Wodie, leave that alone, let that go Best to respect my click or check that hoe We shine ?? And wax the floor Blood thicker than water don't you ask no mo' Chorus Lil Wayne: Blood thicker Water slicker And ain't no nigga Slick up in my click The 226 it consists of tru niggas We move ya crew be cool or lose nigga Now I dig Up in ya blood for my blood My click thick And you can't separate bloods Now when you ride Ready to die who you with Yo' real family or some niggas you fool with Now on you' side, do you really have love Boy we click tight stick tight that's blood And guess what We marchin' a million strong Terrorizin' you' section black connection is my home Love is the key Outsiders can't keep 14 givin' my whole life to CMB I'ma represent it Solja rag, Reebok tennis Stick to click called 226 to the finish Blood thicker than water that's why my niggas they harder Comin' in that water Off top they grab the choppers and chop So nigga you better play solo U get fucked the fuck over So don't explain to me nigga Talkin' bout shit that I should Shut yo' mouth cuz I don't wanna hear it Off top that trigger get pulled Puttin' yo' head on flat Caught slippin' layin' on that back Niggaz spotted you creepin' Them chopper bullets start releasin' Niggas wonderin' why you wet They found ya dead in the projects Have people cryin' and thankin' But yo' body been stankin' On the ground 16 holes Shot up head to ya toes Blood all over ya clothes Don't fuck with me no more Now they know I ain't no hoe ???? They backin' up that CMR come up in that water Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys f/ Bullet Proof Album: Get It How U Live! Song: Spittin' Game Typed by: Easterlingm@cs.com Fresh. Slim, Baby. Hot Boys. Hot Boys in this bitch. Check it out. Turk: Niggas steady getting chopped Losin they life behind stupid shit Ain't that a bitch Niggas, gettin' they wig split And it's a shame Killin' has became a fame I cannot see my brains layin On the ground I keep my 9 on my waistline Chop 'em down Picks up the shells to leave no evidence around and, it's t-shirt land when niggas ain't playin' Got a chrome glock got it cocked Red dot on yo' knot As I pop Nonstop Till you drop Pronounced dead On the spot It's a tragedy when I spin' yo fuckin' block A nigga, from BlackConnect Will leave ya wet Fa' sho yo' face is on the next If ya disrespect I ain't fakin' it, yo' life I'm takin' it Hollow points bullets racin' it Niggas ain't makin' it When I bust Tell it to any nigga chopper bullets you can't trust If you bust, when I spray Head for shelter 10% is gonna help ya, 90 is gonna fail ya A lot of punk niggas try to play hard Put yo' face on a fresh tee sendin' that ass to the morgue Better be cool if you don't, that's all on you. Bullet Proof: 16 worth a mill my whole clique push dope Transportin' ki's in the all black Camero 50 G's on the seat, layin' next to my heat I'm a Hot Boy to the police And I'm a thug on the street Yeah I score from Slim and B  10 a ki, real OG's, 36 oz's formed the halves Goin' for 2 G's UPT connect, bout stackin', leave ya wet Niggas who disrespect, my chopper put in check Big body on broaders, that's all I know Mansion on Washetona 6 figures on the floor Double R and DR watched by Uptown security guards 10 G's a ki, 36 o's a piece 4 and a half, 2 G's, but I'll take 18 Got some niggas on my team bout head bussin' and green Flippin' hundreds to G's, hoopties, to benzies I get my ki's, from my uncle KC He's a Magnolia soldier Be in 10 in Angola Shoot out in that 'Nolia Knock ya head off ya shoulders Juvenile: I ain't about no playin When I'm comin' get out the way Gun play, bussin' a nigga ass on the runway Head straight back to the hot block Flight in a half If I'm out there bad I might cut you in half UTP tatooed it, across my stomach stay booted Look I'm a looter, holdin' the Ruger Or a 6 shooter On Tuesdays and Thursdays You better watch for the sweep Look them people gon' act a ass if you get caught in the street I'm layin off in some room by my bitch duckin' them people Staked out the area, and rob the chinese store Do it like it's legal, I heard heads in power Bitches want the dope dick children and cop blockers Niggas in the cut with ski masks lookin' for me I'm on top of the roof with a chopper watchin' em too Fuck with me your mans urge get in his curtains Now send ya people To the TC and we gon' hurt 'em I'm seein' niggas  Shootin like that heavy on 'bauds and tens I'm in the Chevy with B.G. and our girlfriends Park 'round the corner leave ya gun and creep slow Look bitch this ain't the night show, lay it down hoe Ya think I'm playin, ask Baby and Slim how I can Hook me up I don't have time for no games Look here I stompin in this bitch I'm chompin' a new fit I'm bound to snatch a hoe and make her monkey on this dick Look at what ya facin partner A whole nation  Of niggas that's mind damaged Out here paper chasin' With that iron I'ma roll wit em Mama don't pray for me I don't back down from no nigga They got a place for me Lil Wayne: See I want millions, hundreds and big thousands Tryin' to rain clout and third ward public housin' Uptown streets is where all my ends meet Give me 9 9 G tryin' to see my destiny I do it all to ball drop the phone if I call See I'm livin' real large eventhough I'm real small But don't let that fool ya Money rules everything around me Creepin up silent behind ya that's where ya find me I ain't hear for a lil I want the whole damn spot I cock my glock and have ya plot so I turn out to the top Nigga be runnin' with money Things you doin' I done done it 9 9 point 5 mil big deals keep it comin Slugs hummin' chopper gunning catch the vapor from the laser Infrared fled big bread money maker Pop a slug barrell shaker for big paper Big ballin' life taker for big caker Ben Franklin, bank televancin' big bankin Bust 'em ???? em, left stankin' ship sankin' Ain't no such thing like see another nigga come up But if I don't know that other nigga, then his come up is my stuff Call it a bluff if you want, but come and test for ya own See how quick model homes leave home and fell a dome Roam to the top, slip up and get buck Get out my way, fo' I spray I'm tryin' to live up B.G.: Young thugger, baby gangsta Thug or get popped Off top Aim my pistol straight for head shots I release the safety, if ya chase me Best waste me Don't hunt bitch down in ya way Or ya make me Reverse the game and wax that ass Stop you from playin'  I clear yo block on that ass Nigga wonder why I stress Uptowns the place It's the best We got weapons that'll go through ya vest Get left wet Disrespect it's beef fo sho  Got back up, from the Mac Melph Calio You got coke, and don't wanna go broke VL it Cuz around me bitch I'm doin bad ya can't sell it B.G. terrorize 4 niggas ya dig Bitch niggas get split  If you got change on ya wig I'll take the hit Real fast and quick 226 my clique Cash Money the shit Project heroes Bout 6 zeroes Makin' records is the front we got 10 kilos Unload reload If ya ball you fall If I jack you I don't want half I want all Stand tall for mine Nuts hang I'm real My skills outstandin'  Kill or be killed Niggas out to give me the blues Let 'em kill me, I refuse I'm down for killing But the one of I was accused I leave ya funky I put my trunk-y Hair by a monkey So what ya self cuz I'm down to act a donkey In the N.O. town, jackers 3, 4 deep Put ya sleep if ya playin' wit a QB Bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys Album: Guerilla Warfare Song: Fired Up (We on Fire) Typed by: coreydt@bellsouth.net (Mannie Fresh) Hot, Hot, Hot, Hot, Hot! (Juvenile): Wodie, what kinda nigga that be full of that 'dro What kinda nigga freak shop like a eskimo (B.G.): Juve, What kinda nigga wanna be like me A nigga that wanna go get that new lexus jeep, Lil' Wayne (Lil' Wayne): Uh oh, what kinda nigga got 10 around his neck, what 20 on his wrist, what, money by the tech, huh (Turk): My Nigga, what kinda nigga that'll kick in the do' Bust your head, duck tape your hoe, and make her lay on the flo' (Juvenile): Wodie, what kinda nigga play the cards how they dealt What kinda nigga got something that he could show for hisself (B.G.): Juve, what kinda nigga wanna be like me The ones that tape don't sell but want a check like me (Lil' Wayne): Say dog, what kinda nigga be on top of the world Million dollar status got me on top of ya girl (Turk): Lil daddy, what kinda nigga be bout nuthin but war Pop out the car with AK and smoke a nigga like gar Chorus: (HotBoy$) tha HotBoy$, tha HotBoy$, (We On Fire) Them Niggaz is the tha HotBoy$, tha HotBoy$, (We On Fire) Them Niggaz is the tha HotBoy$, tha HotBoy$, (We On Fire) Them Niggaz is the tha HotBoy$, tha HotBoy$, (We On Fire) Them Niggaz is the (Juvenile): What kinda nigga know what doing bad is What kinda nigga know what a stolen Jag is (B.G.): Check it, What kinda nigga that be packing that iron A nigga like the HotBoys that just don't mind dyin (Lil' Wayne): Man look, what kinda nigga just dressed in all black Fitted hats, long plats, 4 slugs out the tex (Turk): What kinda nigga ride 20 inch chrome turning off his phone cause hoes don't wanna leave him alone (Juvenile): What kinda nigga know police is coming What kinda nigga quarter keys be runnin (B.G.): Check it, what kinda nigga got two lex (rolex) on his wrist What kinda nigga that'll freak out and beat his bitch (Lil' Wayne): Juve, what kinda nigga just don't give a you know Hit the set and shot 4 one more see 'em go (Turk): What kinda a nigga wear Reebok tennis shoes Takin off his shirts just to show his tattoes Chorus: (HotBoy$) tha HotBoy$, tha HotBoy$, (We On Fire) Them Niggaz is the tha HotBoy$, tha HotBoy$, (We On Fire) Them Niggaz is the tha HotBoy$, tha HotBoy$, (We On Fire) Them Niggaz is the tha HotBoy$, tha HotBoy$, (We On Fire) Them Niggaz is the (Juvenile): What kinda nigga know who killed his partner What kinda nigga be playin it real with choppers (B.G.): Juve, what kinda nigga that be ready to buck With AK assault rifles not givin a fuck (Lil' Wayne): What kinda nigga ride all day on twenty's Spend cash to the last penny sippin Crystille and Henny (Turk): What kinda nigga got golds in his mouth (mouth) What kinda nigga got hoes that like to pout (pout) (Juvenile): Turkie, what kinda nigga make a hoe slow down What kinda nigga that be ready cause it's gone go down (B.G.): Juve, what kinda nigga got change in the bank 10 round his neck 5 on his panky rang (Lil' Wayne): Look, what kinda nigga take a broad in the Benz to eat Later on if he don't hit she going home on feet (Turk): Lil Wayne, what kinda nigga got 3 or 4 hoes What kinda nigga got his hoes in control Chorus: (HotBoy$) tha HotBoy$, tha HotBoy$, (We On Fire) Them Niggaz is the tha HotBoy$, tha HotBoy$, (We On Fire) Them Niggaz is the tha HotBoy$, tha HotBoy$, (We On Fire) Them Niggaz is the tha HotBoy$, tha HotBoy$, (We On Fire) Them Niggaz is the (Juvenile): What kinda nigga got beaucoup slugs in his mouth What kinda nigga got beaucoup drugs in his house (B.G.): Juve, what kinda nigga smoke jo's and weed everyday of the week, wear T's (t-shirts) bauds (Girbauds) and Ree's  (Reeboks) (Lil' Wayne): Wodie, what kinda nigga just bust you in yo nose Be ridin with his boys, what boys, Hot Boy$ (Turk): My Nigga, what kinda nigga that'll ride first round Hit the spot with 50 shots leave brains on the ground (Juvenile): What kinda nigga be fucking with CMR (Cash Money Records) What kinda nigga got a fight until tommorrow (B.G.): What kinda nigga that be flossed for nuttin Them Cash Money Boys cause we working with something (Lil' Wayne): Look, what kinda nigga get nasty at night, what the blup, Why you want fight me, I didn't know that was your wife (Turk): What kinda nigga know a bitch ain't shit Take and make his third string hoe suck his dick Chorus: (HotBoy$) tha HotBoy$, tha HotBoy$, (We On Fire) Them niggaz is the tha HotBoy$, tha HotBoy$, (We On Fire) Them Niggaz is the tha HotBoy$, tha HotBoy$, (We On Fire) Them Niggaz is the tha HotBoy$, tha HotBoy$, (We On Fire) Them Niggaz is the tha HotBoy$, tha HotBoy$, (We On Fire) Them niggaz is the tha HotBoy$, tha HotBoy$, (We On Fire) Them Niggaz is the Juvenile & Turk (We On Fire) Lil' Wayne & B.G. (We On Fire) Them niggaz is the (Hot, Hot,) We On Fire Them niggaz is the (Hot, Hot,) We On Fire Them niggaz is the (Hot, Hot,) We On Fire Them niggaz is the (Hot, Hot,) We On Fire! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys Album: Guerilla Warfare Song: Respect My Mind Typed by: lilwayne44@hotmail.com [Lil' Wayne] What Check, check Head buster, set ripper Neighborhood superstar Corner splitter While we dispose of Nigga broad hitter Hot Boys soldier Expedition flipper, hell Niggas be terrified from us 'cause they know how we play Them niggas hide from us or catch 3 from a K I'm just a scrub, I can't scuff; I'm too light to fight I'm lil' too thin to win so I ride at night You're fake, respect, nigga You're playin' with the wrong one I'll break your neck, nigga You're playin' with the wrong gun I use K's to wet niggas I'm sprayin' the whole room Better watch your back, nigga Lil' one, that's a wrap March nigga step up when I.. I bust a cap Niggas drop like (whistle) splat Keep jokin' here, and I'm gon' show you what I'm 'bout Respect my mind or get your brains knocked out (Chorus) [Lil' Wayne] Respect my mind or get your brains knocked out Respect my mind or have them boys in your house [B.G.] Respect my mind, look, we be ridin' on chrome Respect my mind 'cause we get our shine on [Lil' Wayne] Respect my mind 'cause we that Hot Boy clique Respect my mind, nigga, you can't phase this [B.G.] Respect my mind, look, we'll fuck your bitch Respect my mind, look, we 'bout that gangsta shit [Juvenile] Nigga, watch me grow up When I was small he had plan My daddy was ballin', and he was the right-hand man My poppa bought us a house to keep our family secure Livin' good on a ranch in the middle of the woods I understood at a young age my poppa would spray Seen him slit a nigga throat and shoot one up in the face He'd be murder case after case: he was untouchable But he had a right-hand man that wasn't trustable Who undercover slow he made deals under the table Workin' for the Feds 'round my people wearin' a cable My daddy got busted, so he got left with the dope All our shit got repossessed, and our family was flat broke Moved back inside the projects in summer of '84 Developed my hustlin' skills from Yomey and Black Zo When I got to the point that I wasn't small no more Hooked up the same nigga that handled my daddy dough I know that he sheisty; but this nigga just don't know Swear to God I ain't 'bout it; but this nigga just don't know I got a few under my belt and I'ma make it one more Cock the 4-4 and knock his brains out on the floor Respect my mind (Chorus) [B.G.] Me, Wayne, Turk, and Juvenile gettin' blunted In Fresh pearl-white Suburb 1500 No stun'n, countin' 100 thou', nigga fronted a brick He should have knew Hot Boys wasn't bringin' back shit That's how the game go, and that's how the game get played Head buster, for sure, sweat no hoes, haters get sprayed All week long, look, I'm a nigga on the grind All year round I make you niggas respect my mind Every single day it's a must I tote that fuckin' iron Disconnect your spine, leave you funky or paralyzed I blues blocks to bust heads I use glocks and play hotels to the Feds Niggas know I ain't the one to be repped on Move when I'm comin' through, or you get stepped on I don't give a motherfuck if you got your vest on I'm shootin' through that, thought you knew that That's how B.Geezy do that I ride dirty, and when I ride you die All the time you bitch-niggas gon' respect my mind (Chorus) [Turk] Nigga, respect my mind Can't, then stay your distance Kill realahs like that, nigga, you come up missin' I soak your spot when you're repping on me Get hit with shots when you're hatin' on me What's happenin', wodie Do you think you ready for us Disrespect our mind, fuckin' over you is a must Come through your cut Nigga, it's over, don't spook now 'Cause when you was talkin' 'bout us it was all good, ha Nigga. fuck all that; I ain't gon' talk, I'ma save it Original H.B., nigga, I ride Mercedes A young rich nigga, my whole team playin' with figures Wear soldiers and 'Bauds, and gettin' richer and richer I got stacks of money, and fuckin' plenty hoes Nigga, respect my mind or I'll knock off your nose (Chorus 2x) [Lil' Wayne] Respect my mind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys f/ B.G. Album: Guerilla Warfare Song: Help Typed by: chico504@gvtc.com What's up man? These Hot Boy$ back at it again, ya heard me? Oh and it's Guerilla Warfare time We got these ol' bitch ass niggaz scared Look here Luxury cars on chrome, I play that Five figure bonds on charges, I'd paid that Ounces of coke at a young age, look I weighed that My click done blewed up you know haters, they hate that Come around me with a bad bitch, you know I'mma take that Put a chopper in my hand, and watch how quick I sprayed that Drop a track watch how quick I go and lace that Cash Money I don't think y'all niggaz could really faze that Beef with me, I don't think you ready to face that Put money in front of me and watch how quick I chase that Nigga give me the weed and I'm ready to blaze that I'mma man and if its my charge, I gotta take that Mouth off yo brains, and I'mma have to waste that K bullets burn, you talk and watch you taste that I'm so large, I gotta phone, the fedz can't trace that You gotta respect I'mma fool, how you love that Hook: Got these bitch niggaz hollerin' HELP Them Hot Boy$ coming please somebody HELP They on fire, they goin burn me somebody HELP They got guns, they goin shoot somebody HELP Please somebody HELP Got these bitch niggaz hollerin' HELP Them Hot Boy$ coming please somebody HELP They got guns, they goin shoot somebody HELP They on fire, they goin burn me somebody HELP Please somebody HELP Got these bitch niggaz hollering' HELP Nigga, my click raw, play it us we blow shit We was trained for war, believe we act a fool bitch We take situations fo, we don't play no games bitch We put on sound to talk aloud, the kids claim shit We on another level you stuck on the same shit CMB came through now we done rearranged shit We got the game locked these wannabe soldiers ain't shit Y'all ain't from uptown, can't come homebound and say the flow, you bitch We don't wear the suit, we wear tee's, fro's and reez We think absolute, got bigettes on our rollies Y'all know we drive fine cars, Lexus and Benzes I don't know what women think they could fuck wit B.G. Not in a million years, you could come and top this I wonder who goin do my beats, Fresh rock shit Give him five or ten minutes, he goin drop a hot hit Fuck that other nigga, them Hot Boy$ come in and shot shit Hook: Got these bitch niggaz hollerin' HELP Them Hot Boy$ coming please somebody HELP They on fire, they goin burn me somebody HELP They got guns, they goin shoot somebody HELP Please somebody HELP Got these bitch niggaz hollerin' HELP Them Hot Boy$ coming please somebody HELP They on fire, they goin burn me somebody HELP They got guns, they goin shoot somebody HELP Please somebody HELP Got these bitch niggaz hollering' HELP These Hot Boy$ on top trained for drama No way you goin run, try to hide, we goin find ya I you forgot its my job to remind ya We bust twos, playa haters we misuse I don't give a fuck, I bruise nigga If you ain't know, Cash Money straight fools nigga Now Baby got the tillery duct off fo' sho' Me and Lil' Weezy, jumpin' out the two do' Lexus coupe with the combat boots on Soldier fatigue, ready to get our shoot on Niggaz goin bleed You heard of us, we murderers, and dangerous Ain't no serving us, we creep silent like burglarers We busting our bang, that's off top we trill We don't fuck with the lame, we all real And we about our motherfucking change We do or die for life We represent to the fullest, and we ride tonight Hook (2x): Got these bitch niggaz hollerin' HELP Them Hot Boy$ coming please somebody HELP They on fire, they goin burn me somebody HELP They got guns, they goin shoot somebody HELP Please somebody HELP Got these bitch niggaz hollerin' HELP Them Hot Boy$ coming please somebody HELP They on fire, they goin burn me somebody HELP They got guns, they goin shoot somebody HELP Please somebody HELP Got these bitch niggaz hollering' HELP (during the last time the hook is said) It's like that ya heard me? We told y'all niggaz need help right now We steal and fuck shit up ya heard me? Just like that man, not all everybody goin be Hot Boy$ But nigga know who the original Hot Boy$ is Ya heard me? It ain't no secret Them Cash Money millionaires Man that's the motherfucking real, original Hot Boy$ Everybody wanna be Hot Boy$ Boy that's cold, that's sorry Niggaz know they sorry fo' that too But it's all gravy Can't strip em Ya heard me? We laying it down And it ain't no secret You need to get yo' own shit Damn, why you have to run with our shit We put this shit together We the originators Yea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys  Album: Guerilla Warfare  Song: Ridin  Typed by: dacapo@hiphopsite.com We ridin coming up out of the flames with the K firing (Ride, Ride)  Hot Boys ridin our flames firing (Ride, Ride, Ride)  [Juvenile] I'm bout to make a move so you best to 86  Cause I be coming through  With shit that be seperating bricks  You got a broken tool then you better get it fixed And ain't no missin you cause I got too many clips  Hey then then too many times I gotta straighten the cross  Them niggaz was trying but I was breaking 'em off  If you had it on your mind I was taking it off  Either get up and whine or break to the north  Look whoa there there go your cut you better catch it  Your last minute is coming up you better strectch it  Oh you got dope in the trunk almost forgot to check it  Right after your head bust I expect to exit  I'm a punch you when you're out and unlock it, I got this  Grab a steering wheel column and pop it, we're shoppers  I'm about to go and kill for they profit, my pockets  Him, me, and that nigga bout to stop it  why not bitch  Chorus:  Grab your strap saddle up nigga when you ride with me  You ain't guaranteed to make it back when you ride with me  And what I ride like a roller coaster  When I ride with uptown soldiers  Look here we ridin we ridin  We coming up out the flames with the K firing  We ridin We ridin  We coming up out the flames with the K firing  [B.G.)] Me and my boy Lil' Wayne rolling  Strapped up in black clothes ain't no ass-holing  Up in the bubble lye black tints ducked off  Head busting BG straight gotta play the game raw  Now look here nigga better be gone  Off the block cause mother fuckers be falling  Cause Off top I'm gone get my mother fucking creep on  Nigga get chopped like the leaf offf a tree holmes  I'm a flee off the scene with my rees(reeboks) on  Black thicker shirt and my GB's on  Run with me ain't no way you could get your sleep on  Cause when I come ooh ooh it's hot the heat's on  I know you feel it nigga  It's pure ruckus when I enter  I sent a message letting you know I spin ya  Been bro shooting  50 plus behind air T retaliation is a must  Hollows get bust brain get bust  Anybody here here  When I'm full of that shit  And I'm on a mision to split it get split  Peep me I play for keeps I kill em all  No deciding  I take no prisoners from em all when I'm ridin  Chorus  [Lil' Wayne] Uh I come to leave a nigga smelly  Full black better get ready with my M-elevy (Mack Eleven)  Up in my 98 Chevy I swing corners  Cut you up like w belly with that thing on ya  Now it be me (uh huh)  and I be Wayne (uh huh)  This little clique like a chain to your brain (uh huh)  I shoot first for my talking  Rougher than a carpet  Heard about Hot Boys erase your name up off the market  And nigga break a swell fly  Camouflage up out of the sky  What if I buy you die  Look I spin corn! ers like a daily routine  The bad choppers told a nigga I be 17  I got a 10 shot glock  Inched back then I pull it  I'm coming round your spot with a sack full of bullets  I be twisting round your block in all black nigga  Full of that style don't move I day act nigga  Find where you at and then I ch-chop nigga  I'm on a duck plan with about 50 shots nigga  Now whoa what saying to Shite  My 9 be about that  Watch it (crack) crack and I'm riding  [Turk] Ride around with the 2 shooter  Ain't gone help ya  Playing round with the 50 shooter  Scalp you like a scalper  10 percent gone help ya  90 percent gone fail ya  Vests can't protect what I bring best  Believe it's gone fail ya  4 deep in a Navigator on a creep  Windows tinted black on black in leather seats  Hot Boys with hot girls ready for beef  Red dot plot 32 shot bodies in heat  Desert Eagle with hollows  You got nothing but egos  Putting hands to niggaz that's at Evil Kanieval  Playa haters like shit, get assed out  With no doubt blood blood rush out like a water spout  LD niggaz best believe they be ridin with me  Shot L tuck best believe he be ridin with me  With them guerillas should have left the meat where it was  But no he wants to spark the shit up  Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys Album: Guerrilla Warfare Song: Get Out Tha Way Typed by: philycat@delanet.com [B.G.] Watch out Let them hot boys through nigga Get out tha way What nigga [B.G.] Straighting up bitch nigga fore my cake cut loose You gives a fuck bout me I gives a motherfuck bout you If it's trouble you like it's trouble I bring I'm a bosser I ride at night and I'm gonna let mines hang  I sho discriminate at all (at all) beef I eliminate I play the game raw (game raw) Sleep I advise you not to do when it's walk time I have niggas catching they cut when I be slinging nine (uh uh) Lil Wayne, Juvie and Turk that's who I roll wit (who)  If I gotta lick that's who I go kick in the door wit (who) Baby is who I drink that absolutely no wit (who) That's my nigga that's who I always toss a hoe wit (oh) You know B.G. about that shit em up and bang bang (bang, bang) You know them niggas that I roll wit bout the same thangs (same thangs) We've been thugging since way befo I got alittle fame (alittle fame) We ahead of you niggas cause we got alittle chain (alittle chain) Get out tha way nigga Chorus: [B.G. & Lil' Wayne] Come around the wrong spot you will get shot We make you drop it like it's ah, ah drop it like it's ah, ah Come around the wrong spot you will get shot We make you drop it like it's ah, ah drop it like it's ah, ah You better get out tha way, them hot boys on they way You better get out tha way, them hot boys on they way [Lil' Wayne] Yo, yo  Seperate me from the fake I'm from Highly Grove (Grove) Pop the trunk to get my cake, low, cock, and load I'ma guerrilla nigga walking wit a pump in my hand M-11 around my back wit two glocks in my pants Load a bag of that bups so I could hit a nigga up Jump out tha back of the hummer wit something that goes "brrrrap" Better vacate the premises Cause we wipe out you peoples leave no witnesses They call me the number one thug See I be all about that hum bug You play around and catch a dumb slug Cause I be all out, pants fold down to my ankles Think I ain't about function you get stump like Kirk Franklin You get got, flip flopped tossed and tumbled I'm running wit your life in my hands OOPS I fumbled I'm a nigga from the troubles started up in Ruse Better get out the way let my clique come through  You heard me Chorus: [B.G. & Lil' Wayne] Come around the wrong spot you will get shot We make you drop it like it's ah, ah drop it like it's ah, ah Come around the wrong spot you will get shot We make you drop it like it's ah, ah drop it like it's ah, ah You better get out tha way, them hot boys on they way You better get out tha way, them hot boys on they way [Young Turk] A hot boy that's who I be's wodie And I stay geared up wit tee bo's and ree's wodie Forever thugging is in me so I'ma do what I do Keep it real fuck wit me or my dogs and you get yo shit peeled On the real we pack steel that'll kill  Loose lips ain't shit so keep yo shit sealed When we come through, scit scat or get hit Don't matter what size you is got bullets that gonna fit Call me the young thugger, thugged out everyday Bout slinging nine at anytime I don't play I run wit guerillas out that wild Magnolia T.C. six and wheelers knock your neck off your shoulder (come around the wrong) I'm from uptown where niggas get lowed down Dump bodies and miss you and in the back it can't be found (come around the wrong) It ain't no game nigga it's that guerrilla war shit  Shot's at close range starts when it gets dark shit Get out tha way Chorus: [B.G. & Lil' Wayne] Come around the wrong spot you will get shot  We make you drop it like it's ah, ah drop it like it's ah, ah Come around the wrong spot you will get shot We make you drop it like it's ah, ah drop it like it's ah, ah You better get out tha way, them hot boys on they way You better get out tha way, them hot boys on they way [Juvenile] Now motherfuck that, you got my money I don't trust that Look black give me what's mine fo you get bust at Now up that cause my trigga finger's be starving Depause them, niggas that be jumping over margins Now call them laws for me like he had a big crime too This ain't no warning you gonna have to  It's a reason niggas be doing what they do I feel like you feel when somebody playing wit you All time, I don't stop, ya'll don't stop  Like Jordan Block we hit em up wit dumb glocks We run shop CMAR stamp of approval My nut's drop on your partna just like ? It's so many niggas out here trying to shine  Fucking wit a champ, running off at the same time  Haters gonna come and go cause I'm a strong little nigga See and see tell me what's going on little nigga Chorus:[B.G. & Lil' Wayne] Come around the wrong spot you will get shot We make you drop it like it's ah, ah drop it like it's ah, ah Come around the wrong spot you will get shot We make you drop it like it's ah, ah drop it like it's ah, ah You better get out tha way, them out hot boys on they way You better get out tha way, them out hot boys on they way Come around the wrong spot you will get shot We make you drop it like it's ah, ah drop it like it's ah, ah Come around the wrong spot you will get shot We make you drop it like it's ah, ah drop it like it's ah, ah You better get out tha way, them hot boys on they way You better get out tha way, them hot boys on they way The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys f/ Lil' Wayne Album: Guerilla Warfare	 Song: Clear Da Set  Typed by: TheBG1999@aol.com Lil' Wayne: Clear da set nigga (what) (what) (what) (what) (verse 1) See I be ridin' on the prime in the lex bubble Ready to come out the truck and make yo chest buckle When I come I lay the sprays wit K's by the truck load Should've got out of my way you heard my clip shuffle Now yall was on the block with shot gunz But when I finished, made it look like yall had pop gunz Dressed in black...Long hair...Long gaks...Lights off no stun'n Pack to the back, no mask, I'm thuggin' (What!)What u wan' do, if yo ribs don't bust it Then 20 mo' nigga's follow in hummer's, so ain't nothin' (Look!)17 ward is where I grew up at So where a busta nigga standin is where he blew up at I blew up that CMB so respect my peeps Or else you want yo life to be all over the streets Now watch me the younger soldier bring u closer to death A little more than you expect nigga...I clear da set Chorus: You know they say Lil' Wayne dem hotboy he will bust dem heads Him calls on his gun and all dem bloody bodies dead dem...dem...really shouldn't try Lil' Wayne cuz he will play with K's And will bust a nigga wide open and put his brain on his plate Now watch a nigga neighborhood (phhhh!!!) go up in flames They...They all got burnt, couldn't can't stand the heat I bet none of them (?) jackers ain't gone test Lil' Wayne Cuz I...I clear the set messin' wit' me (verse 2) I find a nigga where he stay Cock my iron release and spray We gone ride or we gone play Its on my mind nigga anyday Make you die where you lay Try me and see what shakes Why nigga I ain't fake Bahdi bye bye now apply away With them blood claw...lawd(lord) The M-O-B will break them nuts off...lawd The must really think this is checkers boy...But why But to be this hot when u play wit' a peppa boy...Now cry Look...Look...I don't mean no harm But u might think I'm wrong But if u play with me and my click, you'll blow up like a bomb I...I upset yo home Throw slugz at yo dome Just gimme the word and I shine the chrome bring my help and its on Yall lil boys shouldn't come against the uptown assasin Jump out quick out of the jag and blow fire like a dragon Soulja bandana wit' bannana clips to fit in my sweeper Once I hit the set look everybody burns like a heater (Chorus) Now hold up as I bust back, watch playboy Keep a dub sack, hey boy Come to irritate yo day, boy Watch yo chest seperate, boy When I cocks me gloc me done tossed dem buck shots And done kill them blood Clots....What the deal Yall niggas wants some more of wit this Killas like us will take it to you front door with this See hittin' corners ain't no real biggie I'm use to be set in that (?) wit my still flippin' I'm pistol grippin'...ridin wit my grill glisten Niggas done caught up in beef ..till they still missin' Now catch me in the black truck with chrome wheels twistin' A lil tipsy he gone lie, talkin' bout he gone kill yo Ms.'s Now peep it out We gone clear da set but watch'em (sweep!!!) sweep it out I'm cheap and cheaper and cops bustin' in yo people house If the nigga wan' play I turn batter to flour So nigga clear da set and bout 5 after the hour (Chorus) 1x I make'em watch a nigga neighbor (phhhh!!!!) go up in flames They..They all got burnt they can't stand the heat I bet none of them (?) jackers ain't gone test Lil' Wayane Cuz I...I clear the set messin' wit' me With the blood claw.....lawd(lord) (repeat 3x) Hot Boys untamed Guerillas...what!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys Album: Guerilla Warfare Song: I Feel Typed by: chico504@gvtc.com B.G. talking: What's happening? The Hot Boy$ got some feelings they like to get off they chest And if these niggaz feel like we feel, then y'all niggaz real Cause we feel like this here B.G.: I feel like niggaz can't fuck with me I feel like someone wanna be B.G. I feel Lil' Wayne will burn yo block so quick I feel Turk will be quiet and take yo shit I feel Juve will catch you slipping and unload the tech I feel a big ass helicopter on the set Sometimes I don't even know how I feel But I feel if you hating shit goin' get real I feel like goin' buy me a brand new car I feel like the neighborhood superstar I feel like goin' buy me a new rolex I feel this album goin' bring a big royalty check I feel this nigga mad cuz I fucked his bitch I feel like this nigga could just suck my dick I feel like we taking over the industry fo'' sho I feel like this bitin'' wannabe soldiers already know I feel like Fresh is the best at beats I feel like when you hear this shit you goin' feel like me Hook: (B.G. and Juvenile) Nigga fuck you, I feel just like you (3x) B.G.: You fucking with the B.G., you fucking with the whole crew Young Turk: I feel like niggaz trying to size me up I feel like niggaz trying to bust me up I feel like "Look, I can't be stopped" I feel like me and my click too hot I feel like hitting the block with four niggaz I feel like the whole CMB made niggaz I feel like hitting the ho after this ''cert I feel like niggaz can't fuck with Juve, the B.G. and Turk I feel like we bout to blow up in this world I feel like if I gotta hustle I'mma sell some ?furl? Sometimes I just feel like jumping shop I feel if my rhyme got beat, I'mma ride I feel if a nigga flex up I pop the ?tro? I feel like I could a nigga ho if I want I feel like just getting it how I live I feel like respect my mind lemme feel how I feel Hook B.G.: You fuck with Lil' Turk, you fucking with the whole crew Juvenile: I feel like I'mma lose my life for this I feel like I'mma have to fight for this I feel motherfuckers they goin' say I'm wrong I feel niggaz goin' get buck when they hear my song I feel like puttin' 20's on up in my car I feel like taking these bitch niggaz to war I feel I deserve me a platinum plaque I feel I shouldn't have to ask for that I feel y'all hos know a nigga want here I feel y'all bitches know I'm holding my dick I feel y'all know I'm bout to hit me a lick I feel like goin' to Texas for me some brick I feel the policeman making me sick I feel like the law don't wanna see a nigga with shit I feel like walking on my judgement now I feel like ??? on a budget now Lil' Wayne: Nigga I feel like that everything I write somebody else will bite I really think its the south fresh tracks they be tight I just can't explain I feel like when 200 0 come it'll be out my way I feel like the Hot Boy$ them should be the president I feel like burning up yo body to leave no evidence I feel like money is the most important thing next to my seater I feel like I should have no bald head tramp up in my beamer And I also feel that I'm also real Ain't no rollie like my rollie, noone live like I live And I, I feel that I'm one of a kind I feel like niggaz call shot but they ain't got bitches like mine I feel like tonight I'm goin' ride, ride And if you feel you goin' die, die Now baby, baby, baby what the deal Respect my mind I'm just telling you how I feel (the rest is talking) B.G.: Now look, how you feel Juve? How you feel? Juvenile: I feel like a millionaire B.G.: How you feel Baby? Baby: I feel like pocketing mo bottles than a lowlife nigga fuck that B.G.: I feel like fucking all these niggaz' bitches who be hating on me and I'm fucking 'em anyway I just signed this deal, I just bought moms a new crib And it's all good I feel like bringing my car by ?killing? I feel like letting 'em just bust that bitch out Baby: I feel like making a come up in a ?milf? I feel like getting that ?alley goat? by myself B.G.: I feel like motherfuck the world I feel like buying diamonds for my lil' girl Baby: I feel like niggaz need to stop stealing our shit Ya heard me, stop stealing our shit B.G.: I feel like Mannie Fresh is the shit Baby: I fell like Turk...I feel like Turk is the block burner Young Turk: And I feel we taking nigga child if they hurt our feelings ya heard me? Baby: I feel like fuck the world nigga B.G.: I feel these niggaz need to stop stealing our shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys Album: Guerilla Warfare Song: Boys at War Typed by: TheBG1999@aol.com (Lil' Wayne) Guerilla.....what!!!..what!!!....untamed guerilla (Juvenile) Everyday I hear somebody bustin' choppers They be makin' it hot, they be killin' my block They be havin' them whole people scared up They be havin' them lil' children scared duckin' But they don't give a fuck They wanna see whats up Niggas done play wit' his people Now they gone bust'em up Some of them snortin' dope, some of them bag that kill Some of them jus bout that foolishness some of them play it evil I remember the club, they got banged up Nigga was in the middle of it wit' his brains bust And his partner saw, all of them niggas face And now they wanna turn the tomorrow into a murder case Nigga get out of jail, he still be up in beef Gotta get some money, gotta get him a piece Gotta get him a low so he can beef up Catch a nigga down bad and woedy gettin' stuck (Chorus) (B.G.) Dem boys at war...I say dem boys at war I say dem niggas from uptown, dem boys at war I say dem boys at war...I say dem boys at war I sat dem niggas from downtown, dem boys at war I say dem boys at war...I say dem boys at war I say dem Cash Money niggas, yeah dem boys at war I say dem boys at war...I say dem boys at war I say dem Hot Boy niggas, yeah dem boys at war (Lil' Wayne) Huh!! Nigga...what!!...what!! Walk it like you talk it nigga Wayne's sparkin' nigga bulldogs be barkin' nigga This is the army nigga whoa woedy keep it cool Fo I get full of the C and D and take out me and you See personnally...I can't see..when dem niggas out to murderin' me So I spin blocks in bently's Keep'em from murderin' me Me and the butcher knife killa Two wild loose guerillas....untamed guerillas Nigga....were....y'all....at, I'm a lil' tiger And I wear....all....black full of that fire And I puff til its gone, boy I'mma a rider Strap up cuz its on What!!....Nigga thinks its cool to not wear a vest no mo' Boy in this war, you want eve much have a chest no mo' Y'all boys ain't ready to get lost in cross fire Never dem toss (?) Wheezy neva die! (chorus) Dem boys at war...I say dem boys at war I say dem niggas from the 17th, dem boys at war I say dem boys at war...I say dem boys at war I say dem niggas out the 3rd ward, dem boys at war I say dem boys at war...I say dem boys at war I say dem 13th niggas, yeah dem boys at war I say dem at war...I say dem boys at war I say dem Hot Boys niggas will take yo boys to work (B.G.) Now it was drama going on in my neck of the woods Beef kickin' through out the hood niggas up to no good Look here..They stappin' up, click clackin' up...loading dem thangs Niaggas are taggin', they backin' up, they let'em hang My niggas walkin' up, pullin' up, fuck a drive by Cuz the nigga on the passenger side automatically die Capable to slide, wit' a U-P-T You out of bound, you ain't from uptown, cross Martin Luther King Its pistol play on up and up Niggas being big mouthed so they gettin tossed up You better be about yo business cuz its going down Niggas gettin' out, two weeks later they body found I can't be fuckin' with them niggas drawin' beef to me Have me in shoot outs that don't concern the B.G. I play it like the next nigga fuck he play it raw But I gotta watch my fuckin' ass cuz dem boys at war Dem boys at war (Chorus) Man..dem boys at war...I say dem boys at war I say dem niggas from uptown, dem boys at war I say dem boys at war...I say dem boys at war I say dem niggas from downtown, dem boys at war yeah dem boys at war...oh dem boys at war I say dem Hot Boy niggas will take yo boys to war (Turk) Camoflaugin' undisguise on the hit Hummer's we drivin' and in it yo boy told us we ain't playin' wit Nothin' but head busta...thats who I roll wit' Hangin' from coppers wit' choppers givin' a fuck..we hit Bitch...dem boys at war in the nolia Niggas be shell shocked Knockin' heads of a shoulders Spittin(?) mac 10, grenedes blowin shit up Troopers be on roofs wit' scopes shootin shit up Head shots what they givin' no surrenderin' you never die Spin in da bed, in the rover wit' the six tires Cuttin' throats leave'em hangin' like ropes Dead bodies is what you find, niggas be dying slow Killa's gone ride wit' lows My nigga L be teamed up S-K's fifty shots and choppers Nigga its nothing descent in this battle donkey Untamed guerillas and bout leaving you funky (chorus) (B.G.) Dem boys at war...dem boys at war Dem niggas from uptown, dem boys at war Dem boys at war...I say dem boys at war I say dem niggas from downtown, dem boys at war I say dem boys at war...I say dem boys at war I say dem cash money niggas, oh dem boys at war I say dem boys at war...I say dem boys at war I say dem Hot Boy niggas, oh dem boys at war yeah dem boys at war...I say dem boys at war I say dem 3rd ward niggas, man dem boys at war I say dem boys at war...I say dem boys at war I say dem real ass niggas, well dem boys at war Wear yo chopper take a nigga to war Wear yo nine and take a nigga to war Prepare yo fire take a nigga to war You ain't gone believe what u saw Nigga been playin' the game raw When you at war playin' the game raw Dem boys at war Playin' the game raw Dem boys at war 1--They playin' the game raw 2--Dem boys at war (Repeat 1 & 2 nine times) Look..they playin the game raw Dem boys at war Dem boys at war Dem Hot Boy niggas will take yo boys to war Dem Cash Money niggas will take yo boys to war My nigga Juvenile will take yo boys to war My nigga Lil' weezy will take yo boys to war My nigga Big Baby will take yo boys to war My nigga Manny Fresh will take yo boys to war That nigga B.G. will take yo boys to war The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys f/ Juvenile Album: Guerilla Warfare Song: You Dig Typed by: BaLpLaYa34@aol.com, d_harris34@hotmail.com [Mannie Fresh] Dude there's three things that I love in life Hot dog, hot ride and Hot muthafuckin Boyz [Juvenile] I was standin on the muthafuckin corner, you dig Head buzzin cuz I'm rolling marijuana, you dig My lil cousin keep on asking me for money, you dig I'm looking at her crazy cuz I think it's funny, you dig Could have got yoself a job, or else do something, you dig Baggin pennies minimum wage is better than nothing you dig Some black folk got too much pride that's why they struggling, you dig Gotta get up off yo ass and start to hustle, you dig I don't wanna live that life no more, I'm chillin, you dig I got a plan to be the man and make a million, you dig I got a problem with some niggaz that be stealing, you dig But it's all gravy, I know I'm gon sell a million, you dig I told my momma I'm a put you in a mansion, you dig Cash Money Records done made an expansion, you dig We be in the studio, working like dogs, you dig One day we gon do this it's gonna be off, you dig You know what he talking bout, that boy, that nut nice You know what he talking bout, fuck wit him lose yo life You know what he talking bout, that boy Juve a fool You know what he talking bout, nigga act like you cool You know what he talking bout, that boy, that nut nice You know what he talking bout, fuck wit him lose yo life, you know... [Juvenile] I been looking for a way out for too long, you dig That's why right now, I be writing song after song, you dig Niggaz done gave me the green light you know it's on, you dig Believe you gon hear Juvenile after he gone, you dig Ain't got no beef wit no other rapper and it's cool, you dig But if you fucking wit me I might act a fool, you dig I don't want it go there but I got a 2, you dig Hey I'm sittin in my (?) but I gotta move, you dig I battle for my son, I gotta plan, you dig I be on blocks where niggaz straight up bust yo head, you dig Nobody gon run they mouth because they scared, you dig They no me and that ain't gon stop me from gettin paid, you dig I ain't worried about nuttin, I'm on my own, you dig I can handle all of my buisness from my phone, you dig Wit all this right shit how can I go wrong, you dig I be banging just like my daddy just cause I'm strong, you dig You know what he talking bout, that boy, that nut nice You know what he talking bout, fuck wit him lose yo life You know what he talking bout, that boy Juve a fool You know what he talking bout, nigga act like you cool You know what he talking bout, that boy, that nut nice You know what he talking bout, fuck wit him lose yo life, you know... [Verse 3] I'm from the ghetto where everybody be broke, you dig That don't mean that I'm might turn my back on my folks, you dig Muthafuckaz be in my face cuz they be hatin, you dig Muthafuckaz think I'm a chump but they mistakin, you dig Nigga disrespectin the Juvie I can take it , you dig Ain't a problem I run away from, I gotta face it, you dig If a bitch get outta line I'm a replace her, you dig (replace her) Nigga like me run into a lot of faces, you dig I know them women out there be looking for paper, you dig (what, what) I'm a bad nigga fill em wit the amazin, you dig Probably get my paper chase on just like (?), you dig They think I'm not about my paper, better watch it, you dig Fuckin and buyin women got me stunted, you dig You see the Cash Money family, you know we comin, you dig I only play out with this music because I wanna, you dig And when I get my fucking BENZ I'm gonna flaunt it, you dig [Chorus] x2 You know what he talking bout, that boy, that nut nice You know what he talking bout, fuck wit him lose yo life You know what he talking bout, that boy Juve a fool You know what he talking bout, nigga act like you cool {You know what he talking bout nigga}  x 3 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys f/ Big Tymers Album: Guerilla Warfare Song: I Need a Hot Girl Typed by: courtneyloves@tupac.com [Mannie Fresh] You need a hot one I got one now take it and bend it Shake it down, break it down, with me and a friend Biggity bounce, slide, ride, Work that cat to the right Push it down, push it up - boom, you dynamite Lick it up like ice cream, nigga you know her She make me bow bow bow bow (Rocky Balboa) See I lovin it when you thuggin, baby just don't stop You could wobledee wobledee (drop drop it like it's hot) Beat it up and eat it up, love that's yo dick And if you ain't from the ghetto, then ride out bitch Arms, legs, backs, and breasts You better read her fucking tats, nigga Mannie Fresh suck it up and yuck it up, baby work on that pole Got them niggaz in a circle hollerin here we go-o Back that azz up lil' one all the way to the zipper I really like you hot girl but I got ta flip ya [Chorus: B.G.] (A-What you need boy?) I need a hot girl (A-What you want boy?) I want a hot girl (A-What you need boy?) I need a hot girl (A-What you want boy?) I want a hot girl [Baby] I need a hot-n-spicy hoe I can shop, with Give my hoe 10 G's, told her spend the shit (go 'head hoe) See my hot girl ride Lexus Coupe, bitch and she got the matchin Roley hoe, floss yo' shit and she got the matching links for the winter bitch Now see a real hot girl can't be faded bitch Roll the dice, hit the seven no craps, bitch Got the brand new Rover off the showroom quick Customized TV's all through that bitch Yokahama 20-inch dubs on that bitch Now see my Cash Money hot girl floss her shit Ridin Uptown bumpin Hot Boys ya bitch and that-blue faced Rolex I bought that bitch Keep big head Benjamins all through her shit Fuck a "Thug girl" them hoes can only suck my dick I need a hot girl to represent this Uptown shit [Chorus] - 2X [B.G.] Where my bitch at? Look.. A hot girl is a silent hoe If a bitch get outta line she a violent hoe Ain't no pest, far from being a whinin hoe Fuck up she confess, she ain't no lyin hoe That's what I need, a hot girl is a jazzy bitch I'd take her any day 'fore a classy bitch On the down low for her nigga she a nasty bitch I tell her touch it, she gon' reach down and grab the dick I bust a nut, get soft, she get it back hard The police kick in the do' she takes the charge If a nigga go to jail she run for her nigga Money orders, business and front ones for her nigga She hear a nigga ballin, work that body for her nigga Let me come through, hit the stash, and rock up out a nigga I can't see no other bitch for the B.G. but a hot girl fo' short call her a H.G. (a hot girl) [Chorus] - 2X [Turk] I like 'em hot, the ones that don't tell me to stop Eat dick swallow the cum, and they know how to pop I need a project bitch, a hoodrat bitch One that don't give a fuck and say she took that dick [Lil Wayne] She a doggy wit it She could wobbledee then she know how to money wit it Open her legs and squeeze a nigga like she want me in it Now turn around and back it up Then throw it at a nigga til I say "Ooh that's enough" [Turk] Give me a gansta hoe One that don't give a fuck and that'll shank a hoe Ine that'll slang still, and keep it on the low One that'll do time for me, and say fuck the po' Dog you know [Lil Wayne] Now Lil' shorty in the twat have it hurtin and thumpin They be like say, "He small girl he workin wit somethin"  I'm Lil Wayne on fire, I'll smash on your boo I got a Hot Girl bangin, what's the matter with you? [Chorus] - 2X [B.G.] Ya understand? Look That's a motherfuckin Hot Boys definition of a motherfuckin Hot Girl Do you dig what I'm saying? It's all gravy If you think you fit the description, then come on get with a nigga Come on get with a nigga If you think it's fabulous, come on get wit a nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys Album: Guerilla Warfare Song: Tuesday and Thursday Typed by: Mike82122@aol.com Turk: Two of the hottest days of the week They harrassin' and hackin' niggaz in that UPT N.O.P.D. be rollin' so deep They be fuckin' over niggaz Kickin' in doors Sometimes, they be pullin' triggers Ya hustlin? Better chill out Cuz they not for jokin Making sure they close shop All day, they gon' be smoking So I advise you just to stay inside If they catch you down back, for sure you takin' that ride Downtown, rilla Where niggaz doin' time, be waitin' Better be bout your issues For your ass they gon' be chasin' And every man for they self in that pen So if ya all in nigga, ya all in For help, ain't there nigga, ain't no callin' So if ya got a chance run when ya hear that siren Tuesday and Thursdays, they gon' be ridin' Stay ducked off cuz it's safer when ya hidin' And they don't give a fuck what shape and sizin' lock you down prison rate steady risin' Chorus: On Tuesdays and Thursdays you better watch for the sweep Look them people gon' act a ass if you get caught in the street On Tuesdays and Thursdays you better watch for the sweep Look them people gon' act a ass if you get caught in the street Lil Wayne: Shit, nigga betta hop, skip, and jump on the block On Tuesdays and Thursdays better run from the block Stay there if you want and get ??? Ya on them white boys and get hung from a ??? Look, look, look, look, look Nigga betta run If u got some ??? Lookin' for some freedom find that you will get none And damn I ain't even much see my P.O. last month I'ma play the hotel I missed my court date I ain't tryin' to end up in jail I'ma put up some mail in case I have to make bail I'ma still rhyme swell Shiiit, might as well And stay from the block cuz it be hotter then hell I'ma tell ya now, they don't give a damn about ya End up in that place and toy around and be forgotten They rotten like a whole apple off a forbidden tree On Tuesdays and Thursdays you won't find me Chorus Juvenile: ATF be showin' they ass around my block Feds get all the respect cuz they'll close up shop Who do you think be pushin' them birds up in the hood? Who do you think be dumpin' them bodies up in the wood? It's something like baseball, three strikes and you're out Violate your probation, 2 and a half on 5 My pride, don't want me to be up in this place My pride, don't wnat the Lord to notice my face A young nigga with golds behind tens on dubs In the paper license plates they gon' think I'm a thug They gon' tear this motherfucker up lookin' for drugs And make them dogs break me off trying to get me to talk You wouldn't believe the shit with the police I done been through I done seen some shit they did to people I'm kin to My friends too That's why I be chillin' ya heard me? Up in my fuckin' residence on Tuesdays and Thursdays Chorus B.G.: Certain days lil B.Geezy hit the block and hang 2 days out the week I lay low cuz them people gon' swang (swing) I ain't bout gettin hack Juvey, that ain't my thang (thing) Police ridin' my back Scoping out my rang (ring) I play it smart I ain't stupid I know when to leave the block I know how to peep the scene I know when it's hot Oh them jump Hot Boy$ they'll take your loot Tuesdays and Thursdays them big white boys have a nigga spooked They be 3 deep, creepin' Comin' 'round the corner, peepin They sweepin' But they ain't gonna catch me slippin', I'm rollin' out I'm gon' chill by a bitch and cool out on the couch Smoke blunt after blunt till I pass out When it get dark and cool off then I'ma smash out I respect the task force they don't give a fuck For anything they'll have ya in central lock up On Tuesdays and Thursdays (Talking) Manny Fresh: Whoa, now there u have it. Tuesdays and Thursdays  (off the heezy). The whole task force for yo' ass   (nigga just givin' ya some game, ya dig?) For sho' Baby: Them white folks don't wanna see a nigga ballin',  wanna see us crawl bruh. Manny: For sho', lookee here.  On Mondays, you can run all day On Tuesdays, sit ya ass down (duck out playboy) On Wednesdays, you can slang all day On Thursdays, sit ya ass back down (off top!) On Fridays, you can fuck all day On Saturdays and Sundays, you cool boy, believe that Baby: You can take this for what it's worth playboy. And don't use ya brain  and take heed to what CMB be saying. Fuck around and be in that cage like a  ole' dog. Treatin' a nigga like a puppet. Takin' orders like a bitch. But a  nigga gotta use that game and stay up and try to stay rich man. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys f/ Young Turk Album: Guerilla Warfare	 Song: Bout Whatever Typed by: TheBG1999@aol.com [Verse 1] Fatiuged up full of that dope ready for war Me and Mark wit K's tearing yo station up Baggin' that kill shooting at anythang that's chillin' Wit a hundred rounds..so u know there's gonna be a killin' Better stake yo-self in a place we can't see Ramble at night in the evenin' we creep Bout whateva nigga killin niggas like a season Duct tape body snatchin niggas for any reasons You best believe we'z real We too hot and hard to kill Now (?) low as they could we get it how we live Turn the (?) spittin' stainin' witnesses and all Ain't no escapin' choppers gone set it off Lil' Wayne bout that funky shit Leave nigga fire if out of line get rid of quick The.....Magnolia is where I be Where a soulja I leave a nigga stain messin' fo weed (chorus) 1(Turk) --Bout whateva u bout whateva u want we can do it 2(Wayne)--Triggas I ain't and yo station I'mma run through it 3(Turk) --Bout whateva u bout nigga all day and all night 4(Wayne)--Look here man I ain't scared to lose my life *(Turk) --Bout whateva u bout whateva u want we can do it *(Wayne)--Triggas I ain't and yo station I'mma run through it *(Turk) --Bout whateva u bout nigga all day and all night 5(Wayne)--It don't matter I ain't scared to lose my life [Verse 2] The young head busta Eliminating niggas like nuttin' Fifty shots I release hit yo block head bustin' Turk and Wayne the youngest of the squad with the ride Magnolia I represent til I die thats no lie Infered beams chest head shots I'm givin' Bullets flippin and still but nothing but gun smoke when u slippin' And yo body hot like shit you drop nigga Hit yo block in the jag wit the top dropped nigga Soulja rags wit black bows I thugged out Two times a hot boy wit' two slugs in my mouth Before five we cocked back always ready for beef Still got niggas on my side who gone ride wit me I hope u bout what I'm bout cuz if not ya all in I be in shitty colors A-K sex and ten No heisitation in my blood line Killin' niggas still no thang and I put it on yo mind (Chorus) Repeat Turk's line 1 Repeat Wayne's line 2 Repeat Turk's line 3 (Wayne)--It don't matter I ain't scared to lose my life (Repeat over again) [Verse 3] I let'em sagg strap wit' automatics fully loaded Gloc's wit' 17 for the haters is why I tote it...never loaded I'm sobber nigga I stay on my shit Nigga want beef wit me...I ..ee..jack on that bitch Bout that druggin' 17 nigga I'm thuggin Nigga disrespect me get licked out like a ruggin' I.......discharge like a hoe Nigga fall like ceaser to the morge is where they go i ain't no hoe for you niggas that don't know I pack the A-K and the fuckin' fo..fo I let'em flow You get hit you crapped out Head shots thats what I'm givin' brains be all out You faint fall out when they hear about you I release, release the whole clip not few Nigga you through when u fuckin wit' me Lil Turk the H-B from the U-P-T (chorus) Repeat Turk's line 1 Repeat Wayne's line 2 Repeat Turk's line 3 (Wayne)--It don't matter I ain't scared to lose my life (Repeat first three lines over) 1******* 2******* 3******* *(Wayne)--Look here man I ain't scared to lose my life (Repeat the last 4 lines over again) Nigga...(what)...(what) Nigga Turk and Wayne Ha...Ha...Hot Boys The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys f/ Papa Rue Album: Guerilla Warfare Song: Shoot First Typed by: coreydt@bellsouth.net  (Papa Rue) Yea, Yea You ??? It's Papa Rue (4 Real) And tha Hot Boy$ Puttin it down for Cash Money! COME DOWN! Chorus: (Papa Rue) Have you ever heard of a Murda, Bloody Murda the Hot Boys come one time, How many say Murda,  Bloody Murda, Cash Money Packing the low iron! Head bussa, Wigsplitter one time! Hot Boy$ cummiting crime! Head Bussa, wigsplitter two times! Just feel the heat of me low iron! Verse 1: (Lil' Wayne) Blah, to your face, hollow tips go chase drum rates erase, everyday in the face (4 real) I, I, shoot first, slugs leave quickly she test me, plenty, niggaz gone bleed (yea, yea) Under the position of blood and Crystylle hittin a nigga section with guns leavin it foul blow out cha sky's you coming bak with the guns lil bads yell HOT! to the top of my lungs same nigga that a hit you set beat you son (4 real) you know me lil' shorty Meacita's son Lil' Wayne Nigga, Calleon, H-O-T, B-O-Y, U-P-T soldier can't stop me, with the bullets I throw, and the K's I tote and the weed i smoke, and the corners i done sew Who, you not ready uh uh not now, not then, not ever now bomb clear the spot, better back off, fore i blast off put my mask on and watch I,I, act a dawg ya'll wanted beef and what we made it worse 3 steps shoot pah!, nigga we shoot first! Chorus: (Papa Rue) Have you ever heard of a Murda, Bloody Murda the Hot Boys come one time, How many say Murda,  Bloody Murda, Cash Money Packing the low iron! Head bussa, Wigsplitter one time! Hot Boy$ cummiting you crime! Head Bussa, wigsplitter two times! Just feel the heat of me low iron! Verse 2: (B.G.) It's a dirty world, gotta play the game for what it's worth I was taught the way to survive a shoot out is to shoot first that first draw daily it a leave you ass in the hoarse and i refuse to be the one on the T~shirt Now Lil' Turk you got the Ak? (He say for sure I got it) Lil' Wayne you drivin? (B.G. you know i'm drivin) Juve put your camouflage nigga tonight we ridin' these niggaz thats playin with us like flys they gone be droppin' we burnin' block like a forest fire burn nigga them chopper bullets melt you body open burn nigga like a perm sittin in a hoe hair to long burn nigga beefin' with the Hot Boy$ i hope you people got insurance nigga it's gone be 187 after 187, it's gone be blukah after blukah on my mack 11 every time i hit a nigga set the seen get worse you heard me fuck all that stuntin, duck, cause i'm shoot first ya heard me! Chorus: (Papa Rue) Have you ever heard of a Murda, Bloody Murda the Hot Boys come one time, How many say Murda,  Bloody Murda, Cash Money Packing the low iron! Head bussa, Wigsplitter one time! Hot Boy$ cummiting you crime! Head Bussa, wigsplitter two times! Just feel the heat of me low iron! Verse 3: (Young Turk) When i shoot first erasing every nigga on your set Two Timer my thug name i be thuggin in black more artillery than an army have reala serving you block you get caught be the one to killa settin, no hesitation in my per finger (Cash Money Crew) when my guns bang it be singing like a sanger head banger shottin niggaz like a sarenge wanna play games well say hello to my friend frankie the nigga who working with 50 shots can't run can't hide so you automatically got, nonstop it becoming with full speed nigaa that's what you get fucking with a nigga like me tha h.B. hot boys from C.M.R. Like Juv, fuck with us it a be no tomorrow think we playin, and test us bad nigga it a be you ass one more nigga who will get a figure. Chorus: (Papa Rue) Have you ever heard of a Murda, Bloody Murda the Hot Boys come one time, How many say Murda,  Bloody Murda, Cash Money Packing the low iron! Head bussa, Wigsplitter one time! Hot Boy$ cummiting you crime! Head Bussa, wigsplitter two times! Just feel the heat of me low iron! Verse 4: (Juvenile) Now a nigga was makin cake rolls by the case loads kept a chopper with a arm fold wherever I go and I always had to hustle & I could go head i was snatching by the truck loads all in your shit my mommy used to tell me you gotta slow down but I didn't wanna hear shit cause I was a clown look I done showed you lil niggaz  I done mold you lil niggaz  you besta not play with me cause look,i done told you lil niggaz I ain't the one my nerves bad, I move quick that was potna that you killed what's happening with you bitch I hit em bam bam, two to the chest bam bam two to the head bam on through the neck I looked up, now which one of you bitches wanna be next, I picked the case and then I broke through the Jects Damn them bitches saw me i hope they don't talk but if i think they gone talk beleive they ain't  gonna walk, you see these golds, these diamonds, all these houses, these jews, they got niggaz  trying to jack and I'm acting a fucking fool I know that everyday i gotta protect my naps I know that a nigga wait'n trying to put it in my lap! (Shoot 1st.) (Papa Rue) Have you ever heard of a Murda, Bloody Murda {Papa Rue is a reggae type rapper, just flow with it} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys Album: Guerilla Warfare Song: Too Hot Typed by: Soldierj15@aol.com (B.G.) I took off, fuck the law Lookin for B.G. Sayin that I killed a nigga around the club last week Left the scene ridin in a big body So I flipped the script now I'm in a ES three Playin by different bitches cuz my face in the paper Profile done although she couldnt describe me, I got the eraser I don't discriminate I flip a bitch too She got to be eleminated I kill a bitch too She her hair fixed by my sister she lost she gonna get her To let me drop her off by this nigga Off the river She ridin with me thinkin that it's cool and shit She dont think I know that she let her live loose and shit I'm gonna pull over pull her out and pop some slugs in the bitch And leave her pussy stinkin cuz I dont love a bitch But I was smart comin up, never trust a bitch And don't hesitate for a minute to chug the bitch She was tryin to get me locked up It was a must that the hoe get cocked up Fuckin with me best believe that I'll do ya lots Got ya sayin them Hot Boy niggas too too hot Too too hot Chorus: (Juvenile) What do ya call a nigga that be duckin the law ( Hot Hot) What do ya call a nigga that be playin it wrong (Hot Hot) What do ya call a nigga that don't give a fuck who you are (Hot Hot) What do ya call a nigga that play it like its the ball (Hot Hot) (Hot Hot Hot Hot Hot Hot Hot Hot) (Juvenile) Lil one and gone Lil one was stuck in this shit Lil one say he gonna bust a nigga head if you fuck with his bitch Lil one got the court hot Lil one got the dough bar in front of your mama house up in your block Lil one got the 44 cocked Lil one ??? even no pops So lil one dont give em no props Lil one make em timber Lil one got a bad temper Lil one killed that boy in November Lil one be hustlin Lil one be thuggin Lil one doesnt wanna come up from nothin I know lil one aint gonna stop I know lil one aint gonna let a nigga run him off the block Lil one kind of remind me of me Man lil one a G Lil one runnin with the big boys Lil one fuckin these hoes Lil one got some of these old niggas rolled Lil one makin his G's Lil one runnin them Keys Lil one four-hundred degrees Lil one be shy Lil one got twenty inches on his ride Lil one got two calls for fives Lil one don't give a fuck if he die or not Lil one said to Jumball he gonna ride on his block Chorus x 2 (Young Turk) Hot Boys we on fire They don't gotta nigga who could outshine us Cash money records will there be nothin nice The rolex be werlin Full of ice We get our spark on nigga Through the week Me, Wayne, Juve, and the B.G. How you luv it now boy You brove ha Cuz you're cold and we're hotter than a stove ha Fuckin hoes, after shows Tag-teamin, in them hoes my wee be shooting semen Gots sports cars On chrome realla  Bein slim get out of the house and walk the tone realla Hot boys we livin edges hope ya heard the word Duckin the law runnin through ports with a flock of birds We too hot Chorus x 2 (Lil Wayne) I have you burning up cuz I be (Hot Hot) Like a firecracker I'm (Tss Tss) Pow See these niggas can't take me Cuz they know they takin care of my baby Don't get mad, just follow me now wodie  We the real hot boys All of them other fake niggas need to stop boy I got diamonds and gold and I told my strap Got my Reeboks and boys and I ride on platinum Hot Girls who I'm after from the UTP Wodie I got that fire, so holla at me Now look deep into the holes you see 8 in the hand  Put them things up inthey (ugh) like a stake in the grass I'm a real hot boy I'm shakin the deck If you a real hot girl you can take it in half Lil' Wayne playboy can't put the fire out for a nigga Stop tryin, I be too too hot Chorus x 2 The Hot Boyz, the hot boyz Niggas is the hot boyz, the hot boyz Them niggas is the hot boyz, the hot boyz Them niggas is the hot boyz, the hot boyz On fire Grab the maggy lever then the boys wouldnt step Grab the 8010 then the boys wouldnt step Grab the 223 then the boys wouldnt step Young Turk, Juvenile, Lil Wayne are real hot boys The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys f/ Baby Album: Let 'Em Burn Song: Introduction Typed by: CaTasHtRoPhE21@aol.com [B.G.] Bring Noise, I got something on my shoulder - that bitch is so heavy AK-47 attached ta a Mac-11, double clipped taped up Ready ta spray something, 175 shots ta clear the block I've ride through your neighborhood, day and night Store closed people inside, ya hood on strike I'm looking, for ya - high and low, nigga I'm searchin' 11 deep in the (2000) new Ford Excursion Me and my nigga P. - brother Diesel and Wee Bell - Tyriq and Fat - Kay - Powder and Cleve Once you found you get down, burn torchin' and beat That's the treatment you get from a nigga in C.M.B. I'm the B.G. but you can call me - Shot 'em up shorty I'll get mad and try ta flush your head down the toirlet Baby gave me the game - when this niggaz that's bitch made Gimme my props, call it Ace a Ace a spade of spades nigga [Juvenile] Boss you wouldn't believe what happend ta me Last night I got hit for a package of ki's Who was it? Man I'ont know some cats They kicked in my doo' shot my wife in the back And you think them mothafuckers woulda left it at that They beat me in my head until I said where it's at Okay we go out in the streets and we get the word We hit up anybody that we think selling them birds Them fuckin moolignanis don't want no war' C4 them down, let 'em burn in the car Me not worried about no witness Cuz them won't see, anything linkin' up ta me Boss, come ta find out it was Red and Black Them connivin' motherfuckers gatta pay for that I tell you what I gonna do, burn them cock roaches And payment for the cops in case they wanna approach us [Baby] I'm the O.G. nigga 'bout money and bitches Know how, ta flip a brick and deal with ditches My brother K.C. told me how ta kill these niggaz While Troy had me in alleys dealin' with digits Aiy, life is real my nigga, me and Lac pa' was killed my nigga It ain't nothing keep it real my nigga While my homies carve life in the field my nigga Ski' then family - thrill deal niggaz Rambo and Sam - it is what it is niggaz I've robbed niggaz - pulled triggers for niggaz Drama's involved - we in like we in nigga Homicide - we kill like we kill nigga Behind them thangs - it is what it is nigga Birdman - a known shotcaller Suburban man and Benzes and Prowlers [Lil' Wayne] (look - look - look - look) Here comes Mister Bad nerves Wit' that fed-up-look Shorty got that do whatever for the cheddar look And got no dope, weed or fetti plus I'm hurt and hungry All I got is this beretta with 2 murders on it I done walk 'bout four blocks In a pair of old 'Boks Dirty with no socks Looking for dope spots Man I'm on the prawl - untamed and wild Been a year since I smiled Better watch that child Hat over my eyes, you can't see my frustation Looking at niggaz paper chasin' with mean faces Was told wait my turn - but damn I'm im-pacient Pacin' the streets, with, the, mac-10 blazin' Lil' Brother bail please, I'ma kill him for the scrilla Do you under smell me - I'm telling your dawg I was raised on bad ways from school on half-days Have smart and have praise - stop playin' with me [Turk] It's in my bloodstream wodie, ta be the nigga that I am Tote gats with hats take a nigga from his fam' Nothin' but streets shit - it's all a nigga know Knockin you off ya feet quick - it's all a nigga know Drive-bys in U-Hauls - prepared anyday Thuggin' is usual, do that every day Bitch niggaz get roast, if your not from round my way Middle of the court or one of them hallways Quick ta steal ya, I'm real I ain't fake Leave ya ass a murder scene in the middle of yellow tape Put a hole in ya thinkin' cap, won't be thinkin no mo' You'll be put ta nap Young nigga play it raw, raw - X ya bitch ass out Me and my nigga Rat quick ta run up in ya house Fuck it, I goes out cuz it's in me my nigga When it's a coke drought - I tote a semi my nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys Album: Let 'Em Burn Song: My Section Typed by: mark101583@yahoo.com (Mannie Fresh) What you working with? (Lil' Wayne) Nigga, what section you be representing? Look, Look Well in my section we be thugging hard Moving weight everyday on the boulevard (Juvenile) Well in my section them hoes be always pointing across They either want to be killers or wanna be the boss (Lil' Wayne) Say Juvenile, in my section they be killing All day glocks be drilling You won't catch nobody chilling Cause we trying to make a million (Juvenile) Well in my section They got a lot children that be filthy They got innocent niggas And they got niggaz that's guilty (Lil' Wayne) In my section Niggaz be gone Off that herone Smith and Wesson Blow your damn vest off (Juvenile) Well in my section They always got them a dirty police They take a nigga to jail Cause they loving a freak (Lil' Wayne) In my section it be off the heezy And my section's being represented by Lil' Weezy What the deal (Juvenile) Well in my section They got nothing but killas and trampas Asking niggaz for money Cause they wanna get down Chorus: (Juvenile) My section is the block y'all Don't you hang too long cause you get knocked off Whoa!!!! (Repeat 3x) (B.G.) I'm an outlaw, we thug in my section Shoot the type of bullets no vest can do to protect ya (Young Turk) In my section niggaz slang coke all day In my section niggaz snort dope all day (B.G.) With a bad mouth, ya head get disconnected Coming through my section with unnecessary reppin (Young Turk) In my section, niggaz they like to shine In my section, niggaz ride top of the line (B.G.) Look, hard hitters, dope dealers, wig splitters They cover my section also ballers and real niggas (Young Turk) In my section niggaz play with 99's In my section every nigga got a Rollie that blind (B.G.) In my section, you slip up Guaranteed get lit up (Geezy) You get stood over (Geezy) Just to make sure you don't get up (Young Turk) In my section niggaz ready to die for Turk In my section niggaz ready to put in work What Chorus (Juvenile) In my section they got a lot of people that's poor They got a fiend in the court That come and beg at your door (B.G.) My section one of the baddest Don't get caught in my area Niggaz will let you have it Best believe what I'm telling ya (Young Turk) My section got niggaz that will wet up your shirt My niggaz got niggaz that don't go to church (Lil' Wayne) In my section if you talk cheap, you die quick And in my section, you can see me to buy a brick (Juvenile) Lil' Wayne, in my section niggaz always be in a war Hot-wiring cars, shooting up at the wards (B.G.) You know ain't nothing changed My section the same old (Geezy) Chopper City (Geezy) Them Ghetto (Young Turk) My section got niggaz that will beat a bitch down My section nigga it's that fucking Uptown (Lil' Wayne) In my section we be ducking the law Put 20 inch rims on the trucks and the cars And we play Chorus [Lil' Wayne + (Juvenile)] talking Nigga Nigga, what set you claiming, huh (I'm claiming that muthafucking third ward lil' nigga) (And I been busting heads you heard me) (TC, Magnolia nigga) Nigga I'm a young nigga claiming that 17th nigga I heard that nigga B.G. claiming V.L. nigga (That nigga Turk claiming that T.C. too) (But I ain't mad at y'all for what y'all do) (Nigga do what you do) Nigga what Atrice claiming nigga (Nigga Atrice been claiming V.L., Saratoga) (And rapping nigga what's happening) Fa sheezy, nigga what Fresh claiming nigga (Nigga Fresh claiming that muthafucking nine) (And he don't mind dying) (Got to get on with his shine) (And he slangs his iron) And that 7th ward, he a hard-head too (That nigga a donkey man) (I got tell ya, that St. Bernard loving that nigga) Nigga what set you claiming? What set you claiming? Nigga what set you claiming? What set you claiming? Boy, what set you claiming? Boy, what set you claiming? Boy, what set you claiming? Nigga what set you claiming, huh? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys f/ Baby, Lac Album: Let 'Em Burn Song: Stick & Move Typed by: corbino1@yahoo.com [Juvenile] I don't have all day to be chillin' Just talkin' shit You done got me out here now I'm tryin' to get off this brick I don't trust you to be up in your spot Niggas'll blitz These faces ain't forbidden right now I'm 'bout to split Look, if you really want 'em They going for 17 Other than that I'm driving 'em off in the mail for me Nigga hit me on my hip Back to back Gotta make a St. Rose run Cause lil' one say he got five stacks Rush highway is the best time To hustle for me I hit the I-10 Blowin', pickin' up in the east Draws hit But you gotta keep your ears to this street shit Exchangin' numbers with niggas To see what's the sweet-test deal If it ain't I'm chalk it up as a loss Forever lookin' for the best shit At minimum cost I move around like some ants in my pants Networkin' You ain't got what I'm lookin' for I'm movin' on to the next ones [Hook - repeat 2X] (Baby) You know them white folks be comin' round here (Juvenile) Stick and move (Baby) You know them lil' boys got guns round here (Juvenile) Stick and move (Baby) Man they just had a murder round here (Juvenile) Stick and move (Baby) You know them Hot Boys been servin' round here (Juvenile) Stick and move [Lac] I came in this motherfucker Hundred grand strong And every other month Another hundred adds on Don't tell me how to spend it Cause a motherfucker grown Now every other month Another Caddy on chrome Nigga I'm sick wit it These niggas heads be bangin' Motherfucker dropped the dime And told the feds be slangin' Can't tell 'em what they don't know Like it don't show And if I lay low A lotta niggas won't sco' I'm waitin' now I gotta a lotta niggas on post For dope and coke And a lotta niggas want both Get on my cheddar route I'm bout to flood it out Get me a 30 day run Switch to another house And leave the last one For the Feds to investigate it I need another 30 days Francesca made it I told her meet me at the Sheraton Test and waited Now another Caddy roll so I'm ask for 80 [Hook - repeat 2X] (Baby) You know them old folks be rattin' round here (Juvenile) Stick and move (Baby) You know them niggas got them gats round here (Juvenile) Stick and move (Baby) They got that dope up in the alley round here (Juvenile) Stick and move (Baby) You know them niggas hit them stashes round here (Juvenile) Stick and move [Turk] Wodie you must be trippin' Think you gon' catch me slippin' Hit a hustle and come up Never that I pop the clip in Had a feelin' you was plottin' Been waitin' for you to move Ain't bout takin' no fall Gotta be on my P's and Q's You know how the game go It's either you win or lose Bitch nigga baller blockin' Bitch nigga gotta get blues You know +I Got that Work+ And I'm the man on my turf Got everything you need When you come ask for Turk [B.G.] Down where I'm from It's hot, so +Do Whatcha Do+ But to be quick My nigga You gotta stick and move I know you don't wanna get caught In the midst of the sweep You got caught with that work Nothin' you can say to the police You ride They gon' tell ya Save that for the judge Your third time in front that man So it ain't no love That's why When I do sumthin' Ain't no plan allowed I do the job Get the money Then I head on out [Hook - repeat 2X] (Baby) You know them niggas they be ridin' round here (Juvenile) Stick and move (Baby) You know them niggas quick to try ya round here (Juvenile) Stick and move (Baby) You know them niggas they be dyin' round here (Juvenile) Stick and move (Baby) You know them niggas don't be lyin' round here (Juvenile) Stick and move [Lil' Wayne] I lock it down Powder and brown Get my two-way number playa And on the humble Get your bricks The size of lumber playa It's all love and I sprazy But when the Feds in We keep our heads in You comprehend? I'm a motherfucking monster In the South bitch I re-up early So I can sprout shit For when the drought hit The block burnin' dawg The thugs thuggin' The drugs runnin' The slugs bustin' In a minute, the bugs comin' The messy hoes talkin' The dope fiends walkin' The fucking law's stalkin' It's bigger than what you think See, the hustlin' is a +Way of Life+ Cousin, we gotta breathe And in the hood We gotta lotta needs You feel me nigga? So, in the mean While I be showerin' The whole metropolitan Issue out cocaine like scholarships Congratulations Dawg, it's all fire Not a vict refused But when the law scour in Nigga I sticks and move Ya heard me [Hook - repeat 2X] (Baby) You know them niggas on the grind round here (Juvenile) Stick and move (Baby) You know then niggas slang that iron round here (Juvenile) Stick and move (Baby) The task force pass on time round here (Juvenile) Stick and move (Baby) My own paper my P.O. be tryin' to pass round here (Juvenile) Stick and move [Hook - repeat 2X] (Baby) You know them white folks be comin' round here (Juvenile) Stick and move (Baby) You know them lil' boys got guns round here (Juvenile) Stick and move (Baby) Man they just had a murder round here (Juvenile) Stick and move (Baby) You know them Hot Boys been servin' round here (Juvenile) Stick and move The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys Album: Let 'Em Burn Song: Down Here Typed by: CaTasHtRoPhE21@aol.com [B.G.] (y'kno about the Hot Boys nigga, y'kno about the Hot Boys nigga) Nigga say New Orleans fake, nigga better fear down here We have mo' muders than the days and a year down here You got coke - we'd a make ya disappear down here You outta line - we'd a leave ya block clear down here If you ain't from here, you better not come live down here We drank Champagne - we don't fuck with beer down here We straight snakes - we come at'cha from the rear down here We straight guerillas - you +Get It How U Live!+ down here I'ma chopper toter - I ain't never showed no fear I duct tape ya - rope ya and cut ya from ear ta ear BGeezy is one of the hottest niggaz in the pad Get outta line with me and I'll leave ya shit flat Clickin' and clackin' blacka and bangin' ridin' at night Jackin' and slangin' hustlin' and peerin' man thats my life Baby - Slim - Fresh - Juve - Weezy - Turk That's my clique - disrespect 'em A get 'cha call ta the morgue quik nigga y'kno about the Hot Boys Disrespect 'em a get a call ta the morgue quik [Lil' Wayne] (look look look) I come with, k's and glocks, ready ta spray the block Raise the spot, blica-blazin' hot Ha! See I'm the, youngest C.M.B. nigga Hollygrove hard hitter Get rid of niggaz if you come with the correct scrilla I'm on "De' netha dela" - it turn me ta killer Say it's a shame cuz Wayne - an untamed guerilla Ya got the dope and ya-ya - you drop it like it burn I get that rope and tape and, I gatta have yurn I know I'm raw - I know I'm out thea' bad But I get it how I live, cuz that drought ain't playing And I'm 'bout that cash, so I can bounce back fast So I gatta dress in black with dirty 'Boks and mask Pass me the smell of braish let me blow out my brain I'm on the block, hotter than a trench ready ta do it a-gain Lil' Weezy - Hot Boy - have you feelin' the flames Cuz these blood stains, in ya, Hilfiger my man [Juvenile] I ain't with that bullshittin' lil' one so take heave I ain't gonna stop until all of you bitches leave You mothafuckin' right I got a complex You mothafuckin' right I'm takin' hits, with a contract Been in nigga everywhere but under the foots I'm try'na take lil' daddy head outta the roots I'll catch him in the broad daylight - I'ont give a fuck Find me a illegal dice game - we gon' fuck it up Becuz niggaz, try they best, ta catch me But I ain't, gonna let 'em, stretch me I'm not, abouta run, cuz I'm a soulja I keeps, me a gun, when In that Nolia My tongue, never loose, cuz I'm a fool Ask a nigga who bout it, them AK's rule You better not be running through niggaz that I despise Catch you off ya bases leave the murder rate high [Turk] (look look look) Uptown is where I'm from - Magnolia soulja til I die Keep a chopper with a drum - realest they come - ready ta ride I never been a hoe nigga - I been bout drama Never hung with the young niggaz - I run with the ol' tymers Nigga want start something - kham'talkn about you bring it If you up weight it don't stunt - we leave you bang-ed You didn't - say you didn't, be a man don't be no hoe If you live by the gun - then by the gun is how you go Niggaz don't fight no mo' - all they do is slang that iron Niggaz they killin' slow - that's how it go in ('99) Ain't no rules too this shit - spread when you wan' spread it Shoot then talk later - play it how you wan' play it You got a problem with me nigga - we can do it how you wanna Spin a bend in broad daylight and I bet'cha you be a goner Shit nigga I'm goin' all out behind mine Burn your block down, at any given time nigga, what? nigga, what? nigga, what? we come na tear it up, what? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys Album: Let 'Em Burn Song: Spin Tha Bend Typed by: TLFreeCity@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1: B.G.] Get off the block this my first and last time tellin' bitches Second step I Spin Tha Bend, Bussin, wettin bitches I'm goin back to my old self, Pullin my Chopper of the shelf Wackin' you bitches until it's no one left I don't play when I'm off in some drama you know me It's kill or be killed when you beefin' wit B.G. And nothing less than a hundred out the drum clearing the street Yellow tapes and white sheets on yo block all week Bitch niggas that can't take the heat stay concealed They know if they get caught in the middle they won't live Ain't no other way for me to keep it besides real Disrespecting my mind, no doubt you a done deal I'ma BLOCKA, CHICKA BANG, CHICK BUST I'ma BOOM, chicka RAT, TAT, TAT ya home up It's bout it when I pulled up get got it gone with the wind You bet not be nowhere on the block when I spin tha bend [Verse 2: Juvenile] Spots I be discoverin', niggas I be trumblin' Stoppin' up on bubblin, from one side to the other end Hoppin' out the bubble Benz, poppin' him and other friends Bitches I be smotherin' niggas just be stutterin' Juvenile don't run no mo' I been through this shit before Spin A Bend kick in yo door, lay it all down on the floor Tell me something I don't no, All you bitches gotta go Give me please all of the coke or I'ma shoot you in yo throat Fuck it I'ma never stop, standin' on whateva block Lookin' for the cheddar spot, open up a better shop I'ma jet when it get hot, Keep everything that I got Damn it if I'm straight or not, I'm gone always be on top Niggas wanna do me in, I'm here come and pursue it then Heads I'm gone be shootin' and you will never move again I'm not a gentleman or sweeter then cinnamon Everytime I spin tha bend they say "Oh no it's him again" [Verse 3: Turk] *Look, Look* Nothin but soldiers where I stay, niggas dressin' in camouflage Real niggas 'bout pullin triggas and doin' drive-by's Cut-throaters and snakes, keep the murder rate high Niggas who carry Kays ready for war at any time Killas who hit ya spot and don't care who be outside People they call it hots sell heroin and rocks Hallways & Cuts, stay duckin them cops Stay on they P's & Q's you bet not try and plot Nigga if you do believe you gone get chopped 50 fly at you like birds in a flock And if you gotta crew one by one they gone drop And if you got that work we closing down ya shop My niggas be thugged out, Jabows and Reeboks Bush fades and braides no designs and flat-tops From the youngest to the oldest, they nuts lettin' em drop Spin Yo Bend like a dryer takin you off yo block nigga [Verse 4: Lil Wayne] *Ah Ahh, What What What What What, Ah Ahh, Ah Ahh, What What What What What La Lah, What, What What What What What, Listen, Hot Boys Nigga* It's time to break a nigga off and make him feel the flame I don't no what be in tight sent me to kill a maan Steal a maan, a vest can't conceal ya maan All the surgery in the world can't heal ya pain Cause I Spin Bends, Lil' Weezy hoppin' out first wit two M-10's Ready to tear a nigga shirt and push his ribs in Fill him wit hot ones Run up on the blcok wit nothin but shotguns I'ma young nigga, wig splitter, head busta I said I bust heads DA DA DA DA Did I stutta I swept and spray, ridin through my nigga Police don't play so why do you? listen You can run but you can't hide I come wit a gun, cock, aim, fi Late at night I will ride maan When I spin a bend niggas die maan, Fa Real! {*beat rides out then fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boy$ Album: Let Em' Burn Song: Let Em' Burn Typed by: gdavos@adelphia.net * * send corrections to the typist H-beezy in this motherfucker man Fa sheezy nigga come here to burn this whole motherfuckin city down Know what I'm sayin, see what I'm sayin' slugga We bad than a motherfucker [Verse One: Juvenile] If I got a problem with a nigga I'm gon' tell him to his face Fuck holdin it in on my chest, heelin' the case I don't hang with too many niggaz cause some niggas is fake I'll have you in some shit that you can never escape Look, all them motherfuckers be throwin' them hailmarries A nigga make you think he bout it, but the hoe is scary You know how that be, talkin' that shit to they clique But if you catch 'em by theyself they transform to a bitch Nothin but T tellin me "what's happenin' Juvey" Smokin cause they heard the click clack of my oozie Choosin cause you not rememberin' what you said You was fuckin' clean over me nigga now I feel played Now where the iron at, where the hoe mouth at You think you walkin' away from here, bitch I doubt that I got you stranded, I got you stuck out You never thought that you would show up at your ? house We let 'em burn nigga, we let 'em burn nigga (All these niggas want be hot boys) We let 'em burn nigga We let 'em burn nigga, we let 'em burn nigga (All these niggas stealin' Fresh tracks) We let 'em burn nigga We let 'em burn nigga, we let 'em burn nigga (All these niggas hatin' Cash Money) We let 'em burn nigga We let 'em burn nigga, we let 'em burn nigga (All these niggas want be hot boys) We let 'em burn nigga [Verse Two: B.G.] Give me a can of gas, a torch, my strap and Im gon' ride Once I find who I'm lookin' for I'll set 'em on fire Searchin for niggas out there disrespectin' the game It's gon' get real, we don't clear that reppin' off our name I'm genuine, I got the right to say I'm hot I feel steam through the process burnin beamers at the cops Geezy been through it, if I said I done it you gon believe I did do it Everyday hood shit I lived through it I don't throw a brick and hide my hand If I make a statement I can stand up actin' like a man Swimmin' with sharks, drinkin' with gorillas, playin capers with snakes, I'm affiliated with killers Player haters I drop 'em, Slim I got 'em I chooka chooka chop 'em, chooka chooka chop 'em I hope you people smart, and they got life insuarance Cause I catch ya down, strike a match and let you burn [Verse Three: Turk] Is you ready for this guerrilla war? I don't think so Hit your block with fifty shots, see nothin' but gunsmoke Slip up and you get popped and gon' be no second chances Do filled and get filled, so take it like a man and Waht you gon' do when the tables turn nigga Better be ready shoot and let 'em burn nigga Fuck wit' the wrong dude and you gon' learn nigga Get out of order and you get what you earn nigga I'm untamed, I be wilin' the streets thuggin' Me and Lil' Wayne, two young niggas that can't be trusted Even though I'm young I'm still a hard hitta' Soulja out Magnolia, bitch nigga wig-splitta A nigga who kill ya and dump ya body in the river So they don't know that I did ya in and Any nigga come in that water for ya, nigga they drownin' Pass the sets nigga it'll be you that I'm downin' [Verse Four: Lil' Wayne] I went in with all these killas so all I know is head bustin' Keep a gun and I pull the trigger clear the block in a hurry All that unnecessary jaw-jabbin' I let my pistol bark at 'em Never thought niggas would start static bring that guerrilla war at em The danger boys pull out the heat and hit they street and just gon flame the boys Them niggas from the U.P.T. you just can't tame the boys Them niggas from the C.M.B. they iron slangers boy Better whatch out, whtach out Pull up on the set and just hop out with the glock out Leave a nigga wet and flip they block out and shot out Bullets be hummin', my niggas be stompin' Cowards be runnin like them "woop" people comin Got a ? with a drum in em with a fire suit on Come from up top the fire truck and let my rockets shoot off Chopper knockin' you off, bullets turnin' up Ain't no stopin' them HB's cause we burnin' up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys f/ Baby Album: Let 'Em Burn Song: Do Whatcha Do Typed by: CaTasHtRoPhE21@aol.com [B.G.] When I shine - I gatta shine right My Roley ain't gon' winde at all if it don't winde right When I hit the second line I gatta fuck it up T.V.s - loud sound and dubs is a must Y'kno Lil' Geezy gatta stunt - it's in my nature If you ball - then do what 'chu do, I ain't gon' hate ya But disrespect a hot boy - I'll spray ya We pay police so on top they gon' close case ya Look my whole fam' - roll top of the line - off top Fresh got the 'Vette, Baby got the 470 Lex Juve got the new (2000) Yukon - Wayne got a coupe I got a Benz truck look like a lil' polo boo We got every car they made from a Ford ta Benz Fucked everything in the city from relatives ta friends We some Uptown hard hittin' - shined out ballers Head bustin' - bitch smackin' - real shot callers (Hook 2x - [B.G.]) Do what 'chu do nigga - it's all on u nigga Me and my clique drinkin' Moet and Absolut nigga Smoke what 'cha smoke nigga - stunt how ya stunt nigga Me and my clique keep AK's off in the trunk nigga [Baby] (okay Birdman baby - Brrrrrrrrr! - ya undersmell me) Got this, Escalade for my bitch named Trish She from, round my way - my project chick Lexus coupe for this bitch I know Lemme do what I do cuz I'ma do what I do A Bentley for my Hollywood hoe Cuz she said she felt played in my ol' school '6-4 Range Rover for my mid-range bitch She love the boy stunta and she drink that Cryst' 'Marro, for this nigga named Darrell I done fucked your hoe nigga now you can marry her 'Vette, and she know whats next on my Nextel phone While my dick gettin' blessed G-Wagon for this nigga named Larry Robbins Fucked your hoe too now you can have her An SL5' - the new kit drive My hoe Tateeze in the passenger side So nice so fire - my car so sweet so cute so lovely It's got ta be me, I'm one-of-a-kind Of them Uptown streets, I'ma stunt - I'ma ball So Let's me be, nigga! (Hook 2x - [B.G.]) [Turk] (I love that - I love that look - look) Bitche's say I stunt too much, hoe let me do what I do Let me get my shine on - let me floss with my crew Let me play it how it go - drink Vodka and Mo' Keep a solid with my rounds - mothafuck a dawg hoe Hot Boy, burnin' up on fire - they can't stop me Rolex with the Bezel have dawg hoes jockin' 20's, stay spinnin' in the 'marro that's all black Hater's that be plottin' - keep the chopper in the bag Gatta dub on my wrist, dime on my neck 18 - with 7 figures won't 'chu top that Nigga never that - try all you want - it ain't gon' happen It takes 7 plus 7 mo', and it ain't gon' happen So wodie' lay low - be cool Let me shine, told you that it was goin' down in ('99) Nigga that didn't believe - bet they believe me now Lil' Turk the hot boy - got it goin' on ha! (Hook 2x - [B.G.]) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys F/ TQ Album: Let 'Em Burn Song: Gangsta Nigga Typed by: MXPlanet2000@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne] Holla at me nigga you know it be Weezy "The Don" I murder easy but hard to kill like Steven Segal Its paper, pussy, and pistols  pass love to the pimp I'm clutching a M busting that tip for fucking with him I'm stuck with the hustle, smuggling whatever for the cheddar Tucking the metal don't play and I'll get fucked if I let em I gotta ride til I resign its Squad or die And any coward try its homicide We got glocks and stuff, got federal agents watching us Got niggaz hitting glocks see us I love (?) See I'm above any nigga that you name Hop up out the blue thang With two flames like "What you saying?" I do's my thug thang daily 380 tucked under the seat of the S-Class Shots rip your chest fast I'm a mother fucking mess man Street niggaz fo sho A fire Hot Boy  ok? Ya know [Chorus: TQ] We only like gangsta shit Cause I drive a gangsta car And street niggaz run this shit We only like gangsta broads If you wanna see gangsta shit Then push me a lil too far Cause street niggaz might not quite You gone have to call the law [Turk] Niggaz keep they stash in they ash Round where I'm from Uptown and that Nolia we sold smoked chumps Quick to steal a nigga any time of the day If his ass outta line we ain't standing all day Pimp, play off top better believe that dog And plus we stay strapped ducking short of the law I run with solid niggaz that'll ride for me Shit head Craig, Running Red and my nigga Big Ki Shit I rap about  I'm one nigga that live it Coke, dope, guns, nigga I live it I'm only 19 and I'm down for killing Just because a nigga rap dog don't get it twisted I send shots quick through your Jerseys and Filas My finger get to flicking please believe I ain't missing Lil Turk +Young & Thuggin'+ know you niggaz know about me Cash Money Hot Boy play dog and watch me cock it I'm a street nigga [B.G.] If I rap about it nigga I done lived it out It ain't shit I'm fantasying this shit I been 'bout I'm a ghetto mother fucker, keep a K with a drum Quick to do a nigga something, I don't give a fuck I run the streets, all 12 months of the year And where I'm from you can't come If you ain't from round here I'm thugged out to the fullest - call me B.G. Someone you don't want to play with cause I'm H-O-T Fire, burning, scorching, flaming You gone melt nigga wishing that it was raining Play the game as you want  wined up in a trunk You better think before you do because you don't I be bustin' heads, running from feds, duckin' laws Ride all day don't rest til I kill 'em all I be thuggin' hard and you know that I play it raw Send ya to the morgue Cause I'm a mother fucking street nigga [Juvenile] I had a little profit out the other hood I used to go by her house in the wee-wee hours Creeping, laying the wood They had niggaz on the block but they knew I was cool But still on G.P. I used to keep me a two Cause she know not what a nigga think Plus you know now that if a nigga tryin' pull gank That's life though Whodie just like I thought  bitch was straight hatin' dog Me I was 'bout having war, I was impatient ya'll I stopped going by my peeps house chillin' I stayed in my hood plotting how I'm gone kill him Now my girl say the nigga been watching the house So I'ma go and show the whodie what this drama about What I'ma do to him its gonna make his momma freak out I'ma either get him in or outside of his house People gone say "Lord, lil one died hard Took it to the head five times in the backyard" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys Album: Let 'Em Burn Song: These Hoes Typed by: memphisg213@yahoo.com [Intro] I feel it... I feel it... This a public service announcement [Mannie Fresh] Once upon time in this place called club Met this cutie with big bootie so I gave that girl a dub Later on that night we had plans and shit If you take me from the club then I'm gonna let you hit If I take you from the club will you always be in love? And you promise to love no other man? (I do) See she looked me in my face put her hands up on my waist And said "Yes baby this I understand" Now my life is like happy, bout to be a pappy And it's all because of my girl But just, then, this nigga walked in And what he said fucked up my whole world He said my, bitch, and your, bitch been freakin each other I, had, relations with your bitch and I didn't use a rubber My blood rushed down and my heart touched the ground Felt like somebody stabbed me with a knife Now I look at what I done, somebody get my gun Can't change a hoe to a housewife (ya see?) These hoes, these hoes, these hoes, these hoes Will make you kill them, if it wasn't for the children These hoes, these hoes, these hoes, these hoes Will make you kill them, better leave the building *Ad-libs until the songs end* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys Album: Let 'Em Burn Song: 3 Strikes Typed by: Jon_2000_dog@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lil Wayne] I got popped in 94' them people caught me with some coke But I pleaded as a user so the judge let me go Now I'm back on the streets with six months of probation Can't go out the state so I can't take no vacation Got to watch my conversation cause them people a fool Got to be in before 11 and I can't miss school But I was talkin to that nigga sammy Tryin to see how I'm a get these 20 bricks from miami On a chip phone so I'm thinking they aint tracin mine Two days later I'm in that place facing 99 But slim and baby bought a laywer for a half a mil' And he kept fightin and he got me out appeal My niggas real So I know I got to play it light I gotta watch what I do cause I'm on my second strike But if I ever fall agian I'm history So I'm a keep everything low so they cant get to me 3 strikes nigga 3 strikes you out, 3 strikes you lose 3 strikes you fall, 3 strikes you catch the blues 3 strikes you out, 3 strikes you lose 3 strikes you fall, 3 strikes you catch the blues 3 strikes you out, 3 strikes you lose 3 strikes you fall, 3 strikes you catch the blues 3 strikes you out, 3 strikes you lose 3 strikes you fall, 3 strikes you catch the blues [Turk] Look If they pop you nigga fo sho you goin ride The judge aint playin they givin you 99 They dont giva fuck who you is they dont descriminate Come up with a decision there it is closed case Aint nothing you can do nigga you goin do that time Take it like a man dont cry you done the crime Seen a lot a niggas fall short like that I done seen a lot a niggas run through cuts with a gat I done seen a lot a niggas get they wig pushed back I done seen a lot a niggas get busted for crack Not me cuzin as long as I'm with CMB cuzin Got my mind straight I'm no longer on that D cuzin So tell me how I'm a do wrong I'm doing right You feds can't fuck with me cause I'm doing right So you can take all the bitches you want You can play numba down you cant stop me 3 strikes you out, 3 strikes you lose 3 strikes you fall, 3 strikes you catch the blues 3 strikes you out, 3 strikes you lose 3 strikes you fall, 3 strikes you catch the blues 3 strikes you out, 3 strikes you lose 3 strikes you fall, 3 strikes you catch the blues 3 strikes you out, 3 strikes you lose 3 strikes you fall, 3 strikes you catch the blues [B.G.] I know any day it can happen go to jail or get killed Thats why I try to walk light but on the streets its too real I just had a lil girl so hard I try to chill But I still find my self on the block chasin the mil Ask the lord to guide me right keep my mind of bad Got this monkey ride my back tellin me to a bad Got a judge front a nigga tryin to send me away Cause I got my second gun charge possesion of a A-K Now I'm due for sometime 15 with a bail But I refuse to take that cause I'll never get well But I promise if the lord hold me from under this Aint got to worry about me coming back for shit Never thought when I get older they would offer me 10 I was waiting for my uncle come home looking like I would meet him in the pin I aint let em worry me real is what ive been Now I'm on my third strike but I'm a hit the streets agian 3 strikes you out, 3 strikes you lose 3 strikes you fall, 3 strikes you catch the blues 3 strikes you out, 3 strikes you lose 3 strikes you fall, 3 strikes you catch the blues 3 strikes you out, 3 strikes you lose 3 strikes you fall, 3 strikes you catch the blues 3 strikes you out, 3 strikes you lose 3 strikes you fall, 3 strikes you catch the blues [Juvenile] What in the fuck you mean I got an attachment They got crooks out here bitch harrass them I used to pull it all I used to sell dope I used to whip hoes I used to snort coke I used to shoot at niggas I used to steal cars I used to start wars up in that 3rd ward I used to disrespect old people and talk crazy Untill a nigga got his mind right and met baby Im pushin neener neener Light on my pinkey finger Motherfuck a sapena Cause I'm a rap singer Dont want no charges Even though I got a stash in my garages You bitches looking at me as if I am retarded But you can never twist me up with all that war shit Whodi you heard me You bitch now you want to make sure that I'm gone Away from my kids reposes my cars and my home thats what you want 3 strikes you out, 3 strikes you lose 3 strikes you fall, 3 strikes you catch the blues 3 strikes you out, 3 strikes you lose 3 strikes you fall, 3 strikes you catch the blues 3 strikes you out, 3 strikes you lose 3 strikes you fall, 3 strikes you catch the blues 3 strikes you out, 3 strikes you lose 3 strikes you fall, 3 strikes you catch the blues The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys Album: Let 'Em Burn Song: Jack Who, Take What Typed by: CaTasHtRoPhE21@aol.com [B.G.] (whoa, shit ain't gon' happ') Look, I just come from outta town, nigga broke in my crib Disrespect where I live, 20 g's up for who he is He don't have the slightest mothafuckin' idea - who he dealin with Ahh he don't know how real it get He gonna get his wig split, looked over the bricks - got nothing But I don't play nigga, try'na take mine from him For him ta know I was gone - know I wasn't home Somebody had ta be inorder that I know Time ta go in the closet, with a ride or die fit Black hood - Girbauds - ski mask and Reebok classics It's spreading 'bout them 20's - somebody gonna talk Give it 3 or 4 days for it ta come out the dark Hoe what I told ya, niggaz can't pull me ta the side He ain't lying - I had the vibe, it was a pro-blem of mine But for me, he showed, wasn't no love in him So I ain't hesistate ta put them fuckin' slugs in him (Hook 4x - [B.G.]) Jack who, Take what, from who, not me Slip and think you can sleep - after fuckin' with B.G. [Turk] (Look, Look, Look) Nigga know I got that work - so he plottin' and watchin' Try'na see when I'm gone - so he can break in my house and I'ma bake a cake for him, make him think I'm outta town I know he here hustlin' I'm on my monkey talkin' loud Tellin' my round not be there pick me up from the 'port On my way ta Nashville, 10 bricks I'm gonna score Prolly get a lil' dope, cuz that dope make more money 20 dollars for a bag, Half-a-gram for a 100 This nigga just don't know, I'm on top of my game Shoulda kept it too himself but instead he told Elan Better get that nigga Turk, so I got ta bust his brains If I let that nigga slide, he gonna try ta do it again Gatta handle mine, gatta get rid of him quik Bust him up fast, throw him in the lake then split Jack who, take what, from who, not me Get a bullet in ya head leave that ass on the street (Hook 4x - [Turk]) Jack who, Take what, from who, not me Slip and think you can sleep - after fuckin' with Teke [Lil' Wayne] (aight) Okay let me explain, been sittin' on 5 bricks of cocaine Since the drought came Niggaz be constantly blowing me up try'na cop thangs But the prices remain 10 I don't change it or curve it - I just slang it and serve it You see the game is got these niggaz hurtin' The money's nervous, so they try'na get at me for service - Let's make it happen I'm only askin' for dime a ki' - 5 for half Quarters go 3 - you do the rest of the math And nigga offer me 55 so I figure he ballin' But at my prices the average hustler with dough can afford But I'ont know this ol' nigga so I'ma tax him 60 g. bandits The extra 5 for shippin'-n-handlin' When I met him, he in all black, talking 'bout he be back Told me ta stay here while he get the stacks Fuck is you ignorant I cocked the Mag back quik, and knocked off his ligaments Jack Wayne, not player thats ridiculous (Hook 4x - [Lil' Wayne]) Jack who, Take what, from who, not me Slip and think you can sleep - after fuckin' with Weezy [Juvenile] I told Ris, when my life at night with this dope I had a bitch, I kinda like ta bite The bitch broke with my shit Oh yeah - I'ma found out where she at She ain't selling none of that, look I need ta get that back I'ma pay my people, what I owe them, Cuz I know them And shit a get real fast,and I might have ta show them I ain't gon' let the bitch walk, like everthing is super either She done change the i-den-tity and acting as two people A smart bitch, but fucked up in the game Cuz I found out her source, ta get enough of the same Quickly, got the location and bust up his brains Click on the 5 o'clock news, they ain't mention his name Gatta, clear head - this for the time being Cuz these bitches right around me Be the ones that mind's sceaming I sell brown ta you's frown nigga Fuck how you feel - ain't no rules now nigga (Hook 4x - [Juvenile]) Jack who, Take what, from who, not me Slip and think you can sleep - after fuckin' with Juve (Outro 3x- [Juvenile]) Jack who, Take what, from who, not we Slip and think you can sleep - after fuckin' with H.B.'s Is you crazy? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys f/ Baby Album: Let 'Em Burn Song: Young Riders Typed by: CaTasHtRoPhE21@aol.com [Baby] Off top, peep this lil' four youngstas out Watch how they lay it down [Juvenile] Say baby, hand me the chopper, let me cuttin' loose Nigga talkin' crazy but lil' daddy ain't +BulletProof+ Put him in the water with the sharks, let me see if he can swim Ya playin' wit'cha life wodie, you hangin' on a limb Boy y'kno you scared and I know you is You been talkin' a whole lotta shit but lemme tell you this I'ma Hot Boy a-k-a the Juvenile Come in through your door with that iron - callin' ya out You want do? ya bitch you Got me all rav'd up and shit and I'm ready ta split you +Tha G-Code+ I live by it and die by it If you play with me - ya playing with ya life right This ain't no walk in the park - it's a walk in the pen Niggaz try'na take that ass, make it their girlfriends Na' eat that meat, fold my clothes Cuz all you niggaz ain't nothing but hoes [Baby] Nigga what? I don't give a fuck Lil' BGeezy show these niggaz you don't give a fuck [B.G.] My presidents make a nigga break it off Becuz they know if they don't off this earth I'ma take them off, nigga I play it raw You think about droppin' your nuts, better pick them up Cuz you and everybody wish that I'ma hit 'em up So nigga give me mine, don't make me have ta take it Cuz I put your family in a fucked up situation Your mama like where my son at? Everybody know I done that But the law, don't know where the gun at So they can't touch me, can't question me Can't fuck wit me - so it's an unsolved mystery BGeezy a dawg yea Don't give a fuck about the law Ready ta send you ta the morgue yea Have you feelin' like a number 2 pencil When I put that lead in you They fly ta H-Town in Continental Live with a bad bitch, have my hoe strapped too I got a Mac-11, she got a tec-22 [Turk] Block of blocks, I rob niggaz Better drop it like its hot 'fore you die nigga You can think it's a game if you want, they fly nigga Them hollows hit you live, uh uh nigga You be left as a memory, on a fresh white is ya picture I keep it on the low, so no one a know that I did ya Playin' like that, these days niggaz a stain ya Play the game rap, kidnap ya L.G. and (rape) her I'm dirty so they call me low down - where I'm from Shot first, I can't miss with a chopper with a drum I'm shootin' ta kill - no wheel chairs or shit bags I shoot you in places where I know you gon' die fast Ya head and ya chest wodie Catch ya dippin' by ya whole house when ya loaded Give it too ya in blood, that's one way of solvin' problems my nigga Come around my spot - don't know ya that's a problem my nigga [Lil' Wayne] All I know is bend swangin' - make the enemy block scorch Nigga I been hangin' - oh I ain't just jump off out the porch I'ma iron toter, my niggaz got me drinkin' Henne' - got my mind towed up So all I do is +Spin tha Bend+ I keep my rag top I had it on ever since the day my dad died And now it's on and I'm ready for guerilla war This C.M.B. - y'kno who my only niggaz are, the 17th I put it down for my lil' thug niggaz - too young ta get in the club niggaz But waitin' front so when you come out they bust nigga Trust nigga, this shorty wild And I been thuggin' with BGeezy - he taught me how Now play with me and watch it catch it fire I hit'cha block with the long clip - ride it - fryer Now watch how I make my bullets spread like gengivitis Lil' Wayne - Cash Money Record's young rider, young rider [Baby] There you have it nigga, off top, four lil' youngstas Knockin' niggaz dick in they dirt, ya understand? So if you can't get with this here put ya dick in the sand Nigga we got this shit, lockin' this shit, doin' this shit Cash Money Millionaires and Fresh droppin' this shit Nigga if you'ont like it you can suck my dick what Ha! - what Ha! - what Ha! - what Ha! - what Ha! - what Ha!- what Ha! We doin' this bitch, get it or get with it If not motherfuck ya nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys Album: Let' Em Burn Song: Off Wit Ya Head Typed by: CaTasHtRoPhE21@aol.com [B.G.] y'kno it go down fuckin' with the B.G. nigga don't act like you don't know... ...It goes down when me or my clique feel played Uptown you off yo P's and Q's - off wit'cha head The clique I run with, most definately bout dumb shit Load the clips up and release, ta the fuckin' gun clip I'm a made nigga - so y'kno when BGeezy got beef It's drama time, ain't no way them bitch niggaz could see Since '93 I been ridin' strapped up four deep No bullshittin' nigga - I blose the whole street Sendin' hollows at that ass ta make ya head leak Got Frank in the gang - some can see him in white sheets It Ain't no stoppin' it ain't no chillin' when they k' with me It ain't so squashin' it ain't nothing you could say ta me Since L.T. got killed - murder it miss the way ta be My people say I need ta stop with that mentality I know they right but fuck them niggaz - They don't love me Now watch how many niggaz ride if they touch me (Hook - [B.G.]) It goes down when me or my clique feel played Uptown - you off ya P's and Q's - off wit'cha head It goes down when me or my clique feel played On V.L. - you off ya P's and Q's - off wit'cha head It goes down when me or my clique feel played In that Nolia - you off ya P's and Q's - off wit'cha head It goes down when me or my clique feel played Uptown - you off ya P's and Q's - off wit'cha head [B.G.] C-A-S-H-M-O-N-E-Y - that's my clique nigga Don't you forget nigga You could, take us, for a, joke if you want And, you could, end up, tied up, in the trunk And, we ride with shit like AR-15's And ready ta whack, the first enemy that seen We don't play no games on no terms wodie We a, leave ya, pa-le pa-le - swell whol-e We riders baby, dome checkers and wig splitters We bout it baby, all I fuck with is real niggaz You beef with me if you want a early deat' nigga Your coward plead - if you don't wanna get wet nigga I'm runnin' dope shops - rock shops what ever I was taught do - what I gatta do for the cheddar Pledge ya last bitch first is how I play it my nigga Dare me ta cock my k' and watch how I spray it my nigga (Hook - [B.G.]) [B.G.] Please, don't, make me feel played Cuz I garantee that within the week you come up dead B-Geezy - Juve - Turk and Weezy A jump out a black van and I set the whole street I, get excited, when I'm in beef I gas up and strap up and ride all week When, you, get, caught, down bad It's *blaka-blaka-blaka-ratta-tat-tat* I do a nigga something - his family gon' remember Find his body in July - head in September I'm a lil' raw nigga, very low down nigga Something you never saw straight from Uptown nigga Nut's hang low ta where they drag on tha flo' Got coke and I know - have ten locks on ya doo' Cuz I'm comin' in - without a warrant - don't break it off Right there your head I'ma take it off nigga It goes down when me or my clique feel played Uptown - you off ya P's and Q's - off wit'cha head It goes down when me or my clique feel played On V.L. - you off ya P's and Q's - off wit'cha head It goes down when me or my clique feel played In that Nolia - you off ya P's and Q's - off wit'cha head The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys f/ Lac Album: Let 'Em Burn Song: Up in the Hood Typed by: CaTasHtRoPhE21@aol.com [Lil' Wayne] huh, H.B. nigga, listen - From up under the bottom of the streets of Hollygrove It's Young Carter - fuck wit' me and I fix mo' wigs than a beauty parlor And due ta all the controvery that circles my clique I'm liable ta click out at any time and murder a bitch I've murda within the game and get deeper it stays follow Then .9 me and get hit wit' my ak's hollows I blaze block flows at 'cha dome Paco I let one shot go and watch hot sauce leak out 'cho taco Head for the border, don't die when I'm there for the cause Thug Life 'cuz I live it, bary me in t-shirt - jeans and tennis and fuck my bitches And y'all can trust my niggaz - while I'm here, I'm a living legacy And I gatta eat like a bitch when in pregnancy, definately Ain't no hoe can get the best of me And ain't no facilty in this world that can correct me I'm wild and untamed, I just get more work from Baby and I power them thangs You muh'fuckas don't want problem wit' Wayne huh (Hook 2x - [Lac]) Catch me steppin' in my soldeirs when I'm up in the hood Catch me steppin' in the mud when I'm up in the hood Catch me hustlin' on the block when I'm up in the hood Catch me clutchin' on my glock when I'm up in the hood [B.G.] Beef wit' me - your life is what it'd a cost ya I will catch you slippin' do you something pretty awful Split you from your lip ta the back of ya neck nigga Knock ya navel out ya back, spine a crawl out 'cho chest nigga Make sure you have no pumps of hard beef Surronded by yellow tape and under a white sheet I joke, but I don't play - I laugh, but I don't clown I pull out, jump out, run up, and spray ya down Now +That is How I Get Down+ And when I spit, I spit nothing less, than 50 rounds I'm the last, you wanna have problems with I can't catch ya, I indulge ya mom and 'em I'm low hound like that - I'm a guerilla ya dig I'm from Uptown where you drown all killaz ya dig So get it right, or get your life taken away Play wit' Geezy get a 'k nigga stuck in ya face (Hook 2x - [Lac]) [Juvenile] Lil' Daddy come here, let me put 'chu up on game It's election time, that's why itza drought of cocaine See what im sayin' - they all got they hand in And play the background ta use niggaz ta stand in So we all be like fuck it, we ain't got no gigs And fussin' ain't gon feed and house no kids If you was eating you wouldn't have a reason ta thug But we was starving, so the whole hood was hustling drugs I remember New Year's Eve when the light's went out All the food sproil - we didn't have a bite in the house So I did what I had ta do - between me and you Lil' nigga I pull it off - and no one ever knew Had money ta get some groceries - clothes and whatever Then asked the lord not ta let the devil get close ta me never Some people it ain't fust, So I accept my lick I ain't checking ya - I want ya ta respect my shit (Hook 2x - [Lac]) [Turk] I tote the chopper with 50 and I won't hesitate ta use it I clear the whole block when I come through shooting No picks, no chosers - any nigga could get it Don't care if you big or small - I still leave ya shitted I'm from the projects so y'kno I'm cuthroat A soulja out that 'Nolia want beef - Lets go Nigga I'm +Bout Whatever+ I'm tired a telling ya that Play with me if ya want, get ya fucking head cracked Don't make me dress in black - you don't wanna do that Cuz I don't tote one Mag - I tote two Mags Quik ta leave ya flat on ya mothafucking back Put a hole in ya head and a hole in ya chest Nigga thats how it happen ta ya when ya disrespecting Have ya mom on tha front level dressed in all black I'ma Killer nigga - a untamed guerilla nigga Lil' Turk from Uptown quik ta steal a nigga (Hook 4x - [Lac]) (Outro - [Turk]) (Ha! Ha!) Hot Boys in yo hood nigga, and we up ta no good nigga Lil' Turk nigga - B.G. nigga - Juvenile nigga - Weezy nigga Baby nigga - Mannie Fresh nigga - Sugar Slim nigga How u Luv That? Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! - respect it nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Skip Album: A Hoe 12"/600 Degreez (Jan. '02) Song: A Hoe (Lil Wayne Diss) Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com (Verse 1, Skip) When y'all gon' learn? We don't live like y'all We gon' choose our time to go Somebody gon' kill y'all! I tried to reach y'all Couldn't feel y'all I listen to what'chu sayin' But what'chu sayin; That wasn't real dogg! I could spit a verse and kill y'all Do the people that buy y'all shit Take the time to heal y'all? Probly not, probly listen to the tracks I know you gon' hate this one Listen to the facts How you pull the nerve to ever start dissin' niggas? When you was on BET straight kissin' niggas!? I'm from Holly Grove You're background prissy nigga, pissy nigga! OBC, come and get me nigga I was in the hood yesterday Had a talk wit'cha uncle He say "stay where you at" cause "the hood don't want'chu!" They gotta crew clipped up Waitin' just to pump you In any one of them whips That'chu whip when you come through (Hook, Juvenile & Skip) [Juvenile] (A hoe) What kinda nigga kiss another man!? (A hoe) What kinda nigga need his mama to hold his hand!? (A hoe) Mmm-hhmmmmmm (A hoooeee) A hoe! [Skip] (A hoe) What type of nigga wear tear-drops, and aint killed shit!? (A hoe) Sayin' he a drug-lord and ain't dealed shit (A hoe) (A hoooeee) (Verse 2, Juvenile) I smoke weed til' my eyes look like Japanese I sip Daquiri's wit' the Nolia in the back of me 400 a ship, ain't nothin' comin' after me I read ya bitch ass statement you made in the magazine You playin' wit me Wit' my hood on your album cover? Real street niggas gon' know you fake as a motherfucka I'ma still be here after your company flops Waitin' for my fuckin' album to drop One of my niggas got fucked up, and one in jail Will they ever get they shit right? Time will tell The only thing that called shots, whoadi, is balls And I ain't hearin' no kinda communication from y'all U-T-P, designed to be the finest in the business And we climbin' up the chart with the dependants Ya feel it? Ya gotta be deaf not to hear it Because I puts nothin' but the truth in the lyrics (Hook, Juvenile & Skip) [Juvenile] (A hoe) What kinda nigga kiss another man!? (A hoe) What kinda nigga need his mama to hold his hand!? (A hoe) Mmm-hhmmmmmm (A hoooeee) A hoe! [Skip] (A hoe) What type of nigga wear tear-drops, and aint killed shit!? (A hoe) Sayin' he a drug-lord and ain't dealed shit (A hoe) (A hoooeee) (Verse 3, Skip) Wont'chu come down Olive Wont'chu come down Eagle Wont'chu come down Clayborne where someone can see you Just pass down Hamilton, anywhere in the Grove And any one of them whips, we gon' fill 'em with holes Remember the cats you ran with? Red and Bubba? They begged me to tell you "fuck you", so fuck you! You disgraced your mother, actin you actress Who's really your daddy? Rabbit or 'Atrice? (Juvenile) You ain't never had a fight, wit' all them marks on ya face I'm a grown man, stay in ya place So tell me now, why is the hate? I'm the reason you straight The reason why you in them more then them 8 I be up in ya hood too nigga, I don't see you Dont'cha know you're KILLIN YOUR OWN PEO-PLE You talk that Holly Grove shit, I don't believe you Seventeen witness see you and me too? (Hook, Juvenile & Skip) [Juvenile] (A hoe) What kinda nigga kiss another man!? (A hoe) What kinda nigga need his mama to hold his hand!? (A hoe) Mmm-hhmmmmmm (A hoooeee) A hoe! [Skip] (A hoe) What type of nigga wear tear-drops, and aint killed shit!? (A hoe) Sayin' he a drug-lord and ain't dealed shit (A hoe) (A hoooeee) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Lil' Flip, Skip Album: All About Money 12" Song: All About Money Typed by: Brandon_71360@msn.com * * send corrections to the typist [talking:Juvenile] Aww shit!, this one of them Juvenile In-Ya-Ass productions hot, hot shit on the press nigga [Verse 1:Juvenile] I know I'm hard to adapt to when I grab you don't make me mad I will slap you if I have to I ain't looking for marriage don't wanna be embarresed all I want is a bag, full of green cabbage they know its happenin you can tell how I dress throwbacks everyday like somethin brown on the chest if I got enemies them cats be thuggin not sayin nothing me and my niggas'll pull it and buck it and when my song play in the club I'm grabbin on ass hope my ole lady don't find out cause I'm doing her bad hey baby slide me ya number I might be on lean later on if you just chillin I'm a make that swing I bring shit to the table when I come of course could be the reason while most these bitches done divorced he never had time and wasn't treatin her right he runnin with the click so she with me tonight [Chorus repeat 2x] Do you think its all about money is that the only reason that you want me just put your name and ya number on a napkin and later we can find out whats happenin [Verse 2:Skip] Where that chick, need super head I need super head, I'm a super I need super duper head you bout to listen to what who said? ya partna, be calm, be cool I got ya just write ya number on a napkin we can get it crackin what I aint yo type? whats really happenin like its not been official don't miss the riddle money is definatly not the issue we can ball out like crawfish lay up all day and watch[???] tell your friends you gonna call them you tired been at work all day and you going in and we can do it like G roll me some weed, drop the top we gon' cruise on the scene so whassup you fuckin with me? its nothing to me, and some sex its something to see [Chorus repeat 2x] [Verse 3:Lil' Flip] I don't go to clubs unless they got a party there plus I got X's and O's in my cardier nigga I'm the shit I'm filthy rich my car like a jheri curl cause it come wit a kit I can front you a hit or drop you a brick and if you saw where I lived you'd probably shit enough about me well lets talk about my click and rule one is never get into it over a bitch but that's how it go its all about makin mo dough sellin mo records, and blowin mo dro' throwback jerseys and iced out chains my piece so rocked up niggas think I'm on caine but I only sip drank and I use to flip birds now I'm 21, 22 rippin curbs and if you got some hoes nigga bring e'm in cause Flip and Juvie fuck e'm all like Wilt Chamberliegn [Chorus till end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: E-40 and Cash Money Millionaires Album: Baller Blockin' soundtrack Song: Baller Blockin' Typed by: IcebergRep757@cs.com [Turk] Everyday, all day all we do is get our grind on From sun up to sun down get our grind on Tryna bust it wide open and build up my clank Send a hit at these niggas so we could be the jank You now how it is want everything for myself Want every nigga scorin for me nobody else Imma dog it ain't not secret i want it all Tha coke, dope, hoes and tha fancy cars Tha game is cold but it's fair nigga Can't trust no man cuz a nigga don't care nigga Nigga will do anything just to be tha man wit all tha work Kidnap yo wife and yo daughter erase you off tha earth Them niggas cut throats this shit is real cuzen Better know tha game cuz if you don't you get killed cuzen Be ready to take a nigga to war behinds yours Spark when it get dark and leave brains on the curve [Turk](Hook) Why you blockin us  Baller Blockin us  You niggas can keep tryin Ain't no stoppin us [Baby] Niggas baller blockin so they lettin off shots Tha feds came thru can't stop tha clock Then why a nigga up tryna close my shop Lovely came thru in a Bentley drop Tha cadilac truck we painted then got hot Still runnin thru them hallways tote'n a glock Word got around Curly tryna close my shop Tha mail man down bad he can grab tha glock Tell tha stupid hoe shut up she bouts to get popped Tha cameras out and them lights is on Them feds com'n thru and they gettin it on So we duck and hide, supply and ride Big party goin down wit Big Wood tonite So we cocked tha glocks  Cuz tha beef is rock Niggas shootin out windows instead of head shots Believe that playboy (Hook) [E-40] Niggas be gold killin (?) slippery like grease create y'all bin on a (?) scrilla Call tha police on a young busta just tryna money mack on a million You best respect tha game or get yo cap pilled in Whoopin ass and takin names about my pay Straight up out tha year 2000 Y2K We ain't fit tha bearin fuck bamas, (?), (?) How bout Atlanta you know We ain't gotta smash pennies to make (?) no mo (Beyotch Beyotch) See I just look like this Project English left and plain We use words like "It's All Gravy Tre" I spit tha (?) from tha job  My nigga Baby and them law Tha block controller just seen it all From white to brown and yellow (Beyotch) Pineapple y'all Leaky brown color to baller blockin y'all Wit baking soda (wit baking soda) ya smell Ball to we have it all (ball to we have it all) ya dig Ball to we have it all (ball to we have it all) hoe Hook [Juvenile] I know I need to stop but I'm solja so fuck it Besides I'm responsible fo supplin tha public My daddy got shot so I'm holdin it down Outline, out of bounds puttin four in a clown Bitch answer when I call make me know you got my change Is it explodin in yo brain, do you think I'm playin games See that's why lil niggas like u get murder over 'caine Put yo self in a spot where u won't be working again I ain't gone let yo partners from yo block confuse ya You broke 'em off a package and they tryna misuse ya Now tell 'em who got assed out you and me too huh And Bubba want his money so I gotta kill you now And all these muthafuckin laws tryna take mines I ain't wit that bullshit two at tha same time Fuck I might at well give tha dope game up But Beatrice said he got a fresh package that came up Hook The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers, Juvenile, Lil' Wayne Album: Baller Blockin' soundtrack Song: Project Bitch Typed by: OHHLA.com [Verse 1: Mannie Fresh] This is for Deshawn, Eshlawn, Lil Mama, an her friends Lisa, Teresa, Maria, Tia, Lia and Kim I love y'all broads, no disrespect to my dogs but I love y'all broads, yea I love y'all broads To the ladies havin babies without no drama To my niggas with figgas say I love my baby momma I bought them shoes, them tattoos, an even fixed yo breasts I put you inside the flyest rides an even put a "S" on yo' chest [Verse 2: Lil' Wayne] This is for the ones who wobbled it an be puttin they mouth on it An they suck everything out of it then they catch it and swallow it I'm Lil Weezy for sheezy, I'm off the heezy believe me See me, I squeeze in between it, and then I leave it so greasy When I come through in a Rolls Royce, leave them with no choice but to hop up in it an just let me make they throat moist Ruby red an vodka it just carry a nigga Give me three minutes maybe four she be wantin to marry a nigga [Chorus 2X: Juvenile] Give me a project bitch Give me a hoodrat chick One that don't give a fuck An say she took that dick [Verse 3: Juvenile] My momma send me by my grandma, my grandma flipped out an said we ain't gone have no evil in this house So I rolled out scoped me an ounce sold out but I fucked up when I started livin up in this hoes house Nigga started fuckin one of the broads cause she was suckin a nigga dick so good keepin it hard Lettin a nigga cum all over her chest and tongue She was still-un, I spared her because her chil-drun She was a hoe she gave me head behind a building aint sellin records but her mouth could sell a million if you wanna take it there we can break it off  cause yall pussy aint gotta nigga tweakin at all I slang this dick summer winter spring an the fall ask me to lay it down I'm bringin it all I'm tryin to hit ya from the back til ya holla, "Good lord this motherfuckin dick good and it always be hard" [Verse 4: Baby] Look - a nigga could catch me r'd up Them white folks know the code so we g'd up an my range rover 4 door be d'd up Tattoos and new cars and these project cuts Got this nigga bitch I know been wantin to fuck I deal with sluts ladies an bitches don't give a fuck Project bosses Weezy say "Respect Us" Bitch nigga find me in the 4 door Lexus I got a bitch shoot dice an a bitch that ain't right I got a bitch who will front ya work an take ya life I got a credit card hoe, a scam type hoe, a fraud type hoe Like to snort that dope, a dick suckin pro A calico hoe, a real solid bitch out Chicago I got a +Brat+ type bitch like to whine an shit I got a project bitch like to start some shit [Chorus til fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Baller Blockin' soundtrack Song: Rover Truck Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Juvenile] I'ma keep it on my mind Stay slangin' iron Playin', ya die K's whippin' out Prey every time I'm straight off the porch - I live down the court Lookin' for that dope Kickin' in your door Tyin' up your hoe And break the bitches up - run 'em in the cut I don't give a fuck - if them people rush, they ain't catchin' us I gotta make the green Smokin' nicotine Know a nigga's scheme Run em' with the beam Runnin' with my team And get it how I live Keep it how it is Make a nigga cents Take a nigga bitch Hit him with it quick If it mean bustin' a head, I'm gon' do it Whatever it takes to get the bread, I'm goin' through it Tryin' to get my pockets swole up Juvenile is 'bout to blow up That third-ward sign I'ma throw up when I take it off of your shoulder They come with they mask on They be a clique, but I get 'em gone Hit niggas in the chest when I'm slangin' chrome Tryin' to kill me a nigga when the beef is on [Hook 2x (Juvenile)] Baby, let me get the keys to that Rover Truck Man, let me get this beef shit over, bruh Ain't no bitches here up in Magnolia, bruh Bust your big head is what was told to us [Juvenile] Nigga, I'm straight from out the P.J., they murder easy Well, if you're spankin' out for three days, believe what we say Niggas be shootin' that shit in they van, some of 'em sellin' it The rest of 'em sniff the cocaine, high off that yellow shit Young niggas already got they mind made up Nigga fuck with one of they boys, they get sprayed up A lot of these children don't have A/C in they house Cockroaches crawlin' all over the wall and they couch Little mites runnin' through the kitchen lookin' for crums While they mom hittin' they (?) in the bathroom Everyday you see a fight or shootout for a minute It ain't the projects, it's the niggas that's up in it Man, half of these motherfuckers ain't even from 'round here If they didn't have that work, they would never come 'round here And when they come they draw all the heat with 'em Lookin' for some niggas to get in the beef with 'em [Hook 2x [Juvenile]) [Juvenile] You better know that me and Wayne want the cash, or we bustin' ass soon as I get out of my Jag with a gun a mask Now play it how you say it - I bet ya won't, bitch I'll have you leakin' from your head when I take (?) What you want, huh? Boy, that weed or that coke? I don't know what the fuck you on, but you about to get smoked I'll bring it to your front door right up on your porch Until your bitches tell me, "Juvie, we ain't beefin' no more." Now, where the dope at? Paraphernalia? Give me twenty ki's before I kill ya Don't be makin' noise, nigga - shut the fuck up You know where the dope at - now shut the fuck up Bring me straight to it - don't be tryin' to act crazy I want her - I need her, ya know - that's my old lady I'm doin' bad, and my nerves bad with it I'm lookin' at your melon right now, and I wanna split it [Hook 2x (Juvenile)] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Turk f/ B.G. (Hot Boys) Album: Baller Blockin' soundtrack Song: Uptown Typed by: IcebergRep757@cs.com [Turk] Can ya picture a lil nigga like me straight thug'n Hotter than fire, hotter than somethin that's in tha oven  Tha G-Code I live by everyday Bitch nigga outta line, bitch nigga get erased Like chalkboards  Look here my nigga I mean what I speak Nigga want beef I rip both sides of tha street I got niggas like Big Woe who would ride wit me (ride wit me) Tre, Duck and Waldo would ride wit me (ride wit me) I'm bout beefin, creepin whatever In any kind of weather act a fool wit the diseal Brotha and Bear look my niggas be thugged out Quick to run up in yo house and clear everybody out Know what I'm talkin bout You don't better find out Cause I leave yo folks in all black cryin and whined out I don't play cousin I give niggas head shots Not one, a couple of em makin sure that he drop Look here nigga [Hook] (BG) You must don't know his background (background) He been a lil donkey straight from Uptown Nigga you must don't know his background (back ground) He been a lil donkey nigga from Uptown Nigga you must not know his backgorund (background) He been a lil donkey straight from that Nolia Uptown [Turk] I'm tried of tellin you niggas bout fuckin wit me What you think I'm bitch made keep on and you'll see You could make me go off if u want and get ya issuse Face be on a picture, relatives gone miss ya Nigga I never talk twice If a nigga get down bad wit me, imma show em i ain't nothin nice I ain't gone buck  Imma keep it on tha tuck Catch cha wit yo head down then I'm jammin you up You could under-estimate me if you want  And watch how fast yo bitch ass whine up gettin funk You gone make me pop tha trunk You gone wish you never did Fuck givin body shots I'm hittin you in yo wig  Ya under dig I'm a mutherfuckin murder man (murder man) Wit tha K in my hand nigga you think that i'm playin It ain't nothin for me to start sprayin Cause it's in my blood line I'll leave where you standin (Hook) [Turk] When it come down to that guerilla shit nigga I'm bout it Spinnin corners, Splittin fades wodie it gets me rowdy I don't just rap about it my nigga I live it You could get it twisted if you want you gone get it Let me burn yea  If you haven't been taught nigga you gone learn yea Hard head make a soft ass  Didn't yo momma tell u that young nigga You gotta gun so what nigga my gun bigger  If I'm up wit no stuntin I pull tha trigga Aim for yo chest or head you die quicker Nigga this young nigga here don't play Thug'n everyday and I roll wit a K Don't hesitate I'll blow you away  Have yo family plannin yo funeral in tha way If you don't want my trouble you betta chill Learnt this along time I kill or be killed (Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile-Wacko-Skip (b/k/a U.T.P.) Album: Beginning of the End Song: Nolia Clap Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Intro] 1, 2, 3, 4 bust it Come on, come on Juvenile, Wacko, Skip [Hook] Where that Melph at Where the Yo at Where that Thomas at Where VL at Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Y'all hear that Nolia Clap [Verse 1] I'm in the Calio, You know I'm headed front of town By Chaotic and the Real One, cause it's goin' down You see the DB's tell em' Wacko lookin' for em' I got some dro, I got some change, I got some pussy for em' If they ask you where I'm at I'm in the Melph pickin up Chuck In a chromed out bubblegum pickup truck Slide on Josephine, holla at Lil' Kia and Pluck My nigga Troy'll tell it, hey they keep it real as fuck We goin' to House of Blues tonight after the DJ in the Nolia On Washington and Frerret, across the street from Babosca But first I'm bout to snatch up all Saratogas Head straight to Foot Action and snatch me two pair of Soldiers Take a left on Taladonna get a oh of that doja Terror night at my trial, I'll get them guards and let's roll up I'm bout to hit Julio, let's get to blazin' some soda I got Geezy waiting on VL we about to bang up the 'Yola [Hook] Where that Melph at Where the Yo at Where that Thomas at Where VL at Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Where Hollygrove at Gert Town at P Town at Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Y'all hear that Nolia Clap [Verse 2] I'm in Hollygrove searchin' for the Skip dog H2 chromed out, nice whip dog Let's hit Gert Town, I heard they pop it off Or hit P town, I heard they drop it off My couson Leaf from the Vill told me to swing through, on St. Lou He got two hoes that'll eat and drink too We can bounce through the Lil' Feat and we can fuck with these hoes They take dick in they ass, they take dick in the throat They take dick in they ear, they take dick in they nose They take a dick, anywhere your dick can go But look, it ain't nothin' like my bitch out the St. Bernard A gangsta broad, get Wacko gangsta hard She said we might could run a train if I pursue my G If not I got it poppin' off on Music Street Last week I had to do about two of them freaks But them niggaz through there be trippin' so bring two of them heats [Hook] Where that Appleville at The St. Bernard at Lil' Feat at The 8th Ward at Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Where that Desired at That Florida at AL at Cross the canal at Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Y'all hear that Nolia Clap [Verse 3] I see you learnin', see you peepin' out that Nolia Clap I bet you nine times out of ten that whole Nolia strapped OK, we fell off for a minute but that Nolia back We got quarters, ounces, and halfs and birds of smack Ever since Soulja got killed I keep a murder gats Stand on the middle of my projects where the murders at And every nigga, every bitch who ain't heard of Wack I bang women, bang children, bang them murder cats I bang blocks, bang cribs, bang the Burban Lac' I bang anything in sight without the murda tats I'm just the hit to represent where I was born and raised And every nigga in my section love to roam with K's You got beef holla at me, get it on today You not quickly uptown, downtown Roulette Knock off your face, taste, waist, take arms and legs Drop off your neck, wrist, toes, hair, palms, and head [Hook] Where that Melph at? Where the Yo at? Where that Thomas at Where VL at? Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Where Hollygrove at Gert Town at P Town at Nigga Town at Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Where that Appleville at The St. Bernard at Lil' Feat at? The 8th Ward at Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Where the Desired at That Florida at AL at Cross the canal at Y'all hear that Nolia Clap Y'all hear that Nolia Clap The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile-Wacko-Skip f/ Kango Slim Album: Tha Beggining of the End Song: What's Up Typed by: inaudible88@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1: Skip] U-T-P Its only 5 seconds till' we blow up 4 - 3 - 2 - 1 - boom, hold up Skip, you all pickin that cotton?, no sir I'm in the back with your daughter trying to poke up Why do you think there's chicken and watermelon (why) Cuz the beef it come easy and be hard to sell it See I got some right now and you all can get it Enough shells in this bitch to make you bargain wit it [Juvenile] 35 45 55 65 75 [Skip] SOLD UTP done shipped gold So they done re-ordered Saying we harder Not even MTV trying to be bothered (what !) Now we pardoned the whole program Do you have grey poupon...no ma'am Play your hand, I'ma do me And that "U" and Juve, thats UTP [Hook - Kango Slim] UT Piggidy stay smokin that biggidy Me and my niggadies got this bitch of the higgady (Juvenile) Whats up {*10X*} (Kangol Slim) UT Piggidy stay smokin that biggidy Me and my niggadies got this bitch of the higgady (Juvenile) Whats up {*10X*} [Verse 2: Wacko] Damn skip, its hot in here Somebody got shot in here How'd you get that glock in here They shootin !, like Nas in here Me and my niggaz never pop the air We'll pop ya hair Leave holes in a RocaWear shit bad gone stressed in a rockin chair Or Up in ICU, they got doctors there we the reason why the choppers here And them drops is here Why them minks and them (?) in there Damn Juv, you even runnin shop in here? Watch yourself, they got undercover cops in here See you peepin out the glock a wear Its some hot look here I can stash 10 shots in here Flew to NY you know I to cop from there On 1 45th and broadway, its proper there [Hook] [Verse 3: Juvenile] I guess I'm the bad guy in this movie Dun dun dun dun, dun dun dun dun, here comes Juve My courtway don't have no lights We don't have nothin but shootouts and murders we don't have no fights You know Give me the chance I'ma show you a lick have a gift wrapped packet sent south to his bitch Robbin' face dear diary I'm lookin for a way out, believin in the gun but I know one day its gon' play out Fuckin with them, this is UTP day now When we hit the projects niggaz know to bring them K's out weapons in bags stay close to the stash my bitch'll put it in her pussy when the po-po's pass They gon'fuck with me anyway cuz they know my past The really don't appreciate the way I brag I got 50 000 dollars in my grill cuz I spit jewels Worry bout' me, I'm not concerned bout what a bitch do [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boy$ f/ Big Tymers Album: Blue Streak soundtrack Song: Rock Ice Typed by: TwstdFlava@aol.com [B.G.] When it comes down to stuntin', I pull it all When it comes down to G shit, I get it all When it come to pullin' hot girls, I pull 'em all When it come to rockin' ice, B.G. rock it all Sport diamonds like I tote a tech Baby tote a fo' nickel like he wrappin' gifts Try to stay cool so I don't melt the diamonds 'round my neck I keep bustas in suspense of what I'mma do next, gotta respect I ain't out to please a bitch She could get on her knees I'm tryin' to get rich I'm shined out, ten karats on my wrist Flyin' first class, me and my whole click, now Fuck a glass, we sip Dom P straight out the bottle Never I play, you know I'm 'bout murderin' I ain't gotta say it You don't cross me, I don't cross you But understand a Hot Boy gotta floss too Look, I'm iced out   [Big Tymers] 1 -  I rock ice (lil' daddy)   Everytime I step   I rock ice (lil' momma)   Cuz I love the rep   I rock ice (whole world)   Cuz I'm doin' my thang   I rock ice   Bling bling, bling bling [Turk] My Rolex crushed out, my chrome stay spinnin', Hot Boy wit so much money, I don't know how to spend it Don't you wish you could be in my shoes just for a minute Carry nothin' but faces, never quarters and pennies I started at nothin', look at me now, I'm iced out Police think I'm doin' wrong, but nope, I'm right now It's cuz I'm Black, huh, that you ridin' my back Paper on everything I have, so how you love that They don't wanna see me ballin', wanna see me fallin' Got it locked off wit my tank against the wallin' I floss but get dirty too My Roley cost, try to take it and I'll murder you Ya say I stun too much I can't help it, I be with baby The number one stunner who drive these girls crazy, The one with the 32 platts in his mouth, Two Roleys on his wrist, game spitta from the south, Tell me, what kinda nigga rock ice that'll hit ya momma (momma) Repeat 1 [Wayne] It's Cash Money youngest nigga Right around ten figgas That's what I (uh) work with  Pockets are (uh) perkin' Money is my purpose Whatever I purchase Oh, could you do better? Rollin' with the bezel Who that be, that's Wayne, Look at his gold chain, Sometimes I wear grey, White diamonds, pear shaped, My jewelry just pure awful And I can't stop thuggin', it's just in my culture It's a must, everyday I'mma shine, black You wan' meet me? You just might need contacts Cuz I'm the little one with the ice, flossing Please, playa hater, get your wife off me I ride by in a Jag with the top low Throwin' hundreds, but it's cool, cuz I got more Me and my niggas, we stunt like there's no tomorrow Big Tymers, Hot Boys Nigga CMR, nigga CMR Repeat 1 [Juvenile] Now you boys now them 4 99's I got expired All them bitches plushed out on 20 inch tires I'm lookin' for some hell of a head, is you for hire?, You lookin' at this Roley I got, don't you adire, The way a nigga lay a stunt Braggin' 'bout 20 inch rims, up in the restaurant But it ain't over, I'm about to go to Disneyland Yo, you fuckin' deaf now, ya understand? What if my baby momma's ride by, lookin good I gave 'em both a hundred G's to get them out the hood My momma gettin' chauffeured like a movie star She don't know a damn thing about drivin' a car I'm rimmed up Now peep this million dollar smile in my mouth And all this luxury shit I got in my house I done sold a million records and I'm still goin' Don't ask about my watch and my chain, it's still gone Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (DJ Jimi f/) Juvenile * Album: It's Jimi! Song: Bounce for the Juvenile Typed by: Ltsjet@aol.com * this is the first compilation Juve was on before joining Cash Money First Verse [Juvenile]: Brothas don't like Juvenile because the Brothas don't like UNLV because the Magnolia project keep slangin' iron A bunch of Uptown villains who don't mind dyin' That Melphenine project keep slangin' iron A bunch of Uptown villains who don't mind dyin' That Calliope project keep slangin' iron A bunch of Uptown villains who don't mind dyin' That St. Thomas project keep slangin' iron A bunch of front of town villains who don't mind dyin' That 13th Ward keep slangin' iron A bunch of Uptown villains who don't mind dyin' That 9th Ward posse keep slangin' iron A bunch of Downtown villains who don't mind dyin' Chorus [Juvenile]: Now bounce for the Juvenile, bounce for the Juvenile Bounce trick, bounce, bounce, bounce I said bounce for the Juvenile, bounce for the Juvenile Bounce trick, bounce, bounce, bounce Second Verse [Juvenile]: Hey diddle diddle with the cat in the middle Check out the Juvenile while I bust this riddle Last night I met a freak, that I knew in the club, Felt the friction from her body when I gave her a hug I let her know up front, I ain't got no ride, But won't you holla at the Juvey when we get outside? She asked me fast, what we gonna do? We gonna talk a little walk to the Rochambeaux Now I must admit, this was a sharp dressed chick But she wasn't that sharp, I couldn't give her the stick I went to G-ing this freak she couldn't take this stick She went to moanin' and groanin' Juvenile please quit I said "TRIIIIIIIICK, stop talkin' that it, And buy Juvenile his outfit I want a sharp Girbaud shirt, polo socks Girbaud shorts and a pair of Reeboks" All the fellas say "TRIIIIIIIIIIIICK, stop talkin' that it, And buy Juvenile his outfit I want a sharp Girbaud shirt, polo socks Girbaud shorts and a pair of Reeboks" Third Verse [Juvenile]: All the fellas in the back, do what I told ya Make them freaks pop that coochie for the wild Magnolia All the fellas in the back, do what I told ya Make them freaks pop that coochie for the wild Magnolia I'm pimpinabitandcheckinanigga because I'm comin' from Uptown The ones that's coming as fakers should possibly get shot down I'm pimpinabitandcheckinanigga because I'm comin' from Uptown The ones that coming as fakers should possibly get shot down Black, black, black, black, you messin' with Mr. Juvenile You messin' with Mr. Juvey, you messin' with Mr. Juvenile You messin' with Mr. Juvey, you messin' with Mr. Juvenile You messin' with Mr. Juvey, I got the element to your heart, Me got the element to your heart, me got the element to your heart Me got the BUCK BUCK BUCK BUCK! The black men love hoes takin' the time, But I NEVER mess around because I know I got the grind Juvenile will kill ya, Juvenile will kill ya I'm good for fuckin' ya bitch, and I'm quick to pull the trigger Juvenile will kill ya, Juvenile will kill ya I'm good for fuckin' ya bitch, and I'm quick to pull the trigger I'm an Uptown villain, I got that heart I'm raised up on the streets and I'm trigga smart I'm an Uptown villain, I got that heart I'm raised up on the streets and I'm trigga smart Sellin' rocks on the cut, pushin' me dope While I'm grabbin' at the freaks body they twerk [chorus] x 1/2 Fourth Verse [Juvenile]: Where the virgins at? Where the virgins at? All of y'all put your hands in the air! Where the virgins at? Where the virgins at? All of y'all put your hands in the air! TRIIIIIIIIIIIIICK stop tellin' that lie,  We done hit you from the back for some Popeye's You got a three piece white, a small, cold drink, Some red beans, a biscuit and small fries. All the fellas say "TRIIIIIIIIIIIIIICK stop tellin' that lie, We done hit you from the back for some Popeye's You got a three piece white, a small, cold drink, Some red beans, a biscuit and small fries." Yes I smoke weed, and that's it black So don't give no one, don't give no one no crack One cigarette and a 40 and snake And I fire weed spliff would just make my day When I get high, I be spooked out Bootin' up like I got a bunch of golds in my mouth If you got it on your mind fella, we can go I'm from the 3, Mac, Melph, and the Calio. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mack 10 / Cash Money Millionaires Album: Exit Wounds soundtrack Song: Steady Griding Typed by: Westcoastkillah3@cs.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1: Baby] Mack 10 said he got it and he servin fo' six But I'm the bird man nigga, need to score some shit I need a warehouse full, with pets, riders and bulls couple of chopper, mack 11, and some Hot Boy Hood My Lil' Bitch Kisha said she hit the mall, bought some goods She gone bring it straight to daddy, break her off with the wood The beauty shop stay poppin', cause this zones keep rockin And my phone keep plunckin', cause these hoez keep jockin Just bought a new six with bra-less kit Put me on the floor two nines in my hip The reason the drought is cause the feds done bust' my ship Got a crew of head busters that will split your shit Got a old and young bitch that'll take that trick Hit the streets, with that work 400 a zip Gave my nigga ???? car go break them bricks Go flood that magnoila cause I want that bitch KC take this glock, make will of the spot Tanto, Tito and Wap ya'll hug the block And we gon tell the police, this this where money be clocked And they can suck a nigga dick cause the hustle dont stop [Hook: Juvenile & Lil' Wayne] [Juve] You could beg shorty, you could keep it dirty You could flip a birdy , you could cut it and serve it And I keep it real, and I play the field And I know when to deal, and I know when to kill [Wayne] And I flip the guns, when I collect the funds And I make all the ones, and I can play the drums You could hang in a jungle, you could push them bundles You could drive a Bentley, you could drive a Hummer [Verse 2: Turk] Look Nigga know that I got that work So he plottin' and watchin' try to see when I'm gone So he could break in my housin I'm a bake a cake for 'im, make 'im think I'm out of town I know he's here hustlin' I want my monkey talkin loud tellin' my round I'll be there pick me up from the port On my way to Nashville, 10 bricks I'm goin to score Probably get a lil' dope, cause that dope make more money 20 dollars for a bag half a gram for 100 This nigga just don't know I'm on top of my game Should have keep it to himself but instead he told Elaine That I'ma get that nigga Turk So I got to bust his brains Cause if I let that nigga slide than he gon' try to do it again So I gotta handle that mind get rid of the bitch quick Bust him up fast throw him in a lake and spilt Jack who, take what, from who, not me Get a bullet in your head and leave that ass in the streets Hook [Verse 3: Mack 10] From Atlanta the drive-bys low ridin and shit talkin'  Sherm smokin, crack, sellin' Blood and Cripp walkin Mack One-0's the name nigga Hustlin' is my thang nigga CMR and West Side Who Bang is the game nigga Recognize a G in me, off top we wig-splitters Young and Thuggin' like Turk and them head bustin' niggas check it I like the funk and shoot first is what they tell me And no matter what it cost Slim and Baby gon bail me I fight all my murder and dope cases from the bricks Known and loved by every hoochie, bitch, and project chick Cause I floss ice and buy crack at the boss price And I been fucked and sucked by all my hoez at least twice I'm reppin killah Cali, but down with them south niggas U know, them uptown gold and platinum mouth niggas Mack stay cockin' low, and down to ride for the cause We keep it crackin' from Crenshaw to the Mardi gras Chicken Hoez, game affiliated and drung related I'm a drop-top Bentley pushin nigga with my crop braided From the feet up G'd up is my everyday behavior A million dollar nigga, still ride in Chuck Taylor's The fans worse then them jackers, try to keep me in sight Gotta take backstreets and alleys to get home every night Mack is to much of a rider I could never be a sucker I'ma ball till I fall and keep it gangster as a motherfucker Hook The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile Album: Ha 12" Song: Ha (Radio Edit) Typed by: www.cashmoney-records.com Thats you with that big body benz ha  Thats you that cant keep an old lady  Cause you keep nailing her friends ha  You gotta go to court ha  You got served a subpeona for child support ha  That was that nerve ha  You ain't even get a chance to say a word ha  I know i ain't trippin don't your brother got their birds ha  You ready to bust somebody head ha  You ain't scared ha  You know how to play it ha  You no you ain't gone let somebody come and punk you ha  Stunt and front you ha  Straight up run you ha  You know who got that fire green ha  You know how to use a triple beam ha  Ain't hard as it seems ha  You keep your body clean ha  You got a lot of girbaud jeans ha  Some of your partners dope fiends ha  You don't want to really mess with them clowns ha  You come up with them clowns ha  You stuck with them clowns ha  Chorus (repeats 2 times)  Is you a paper chaser  You got the block on fire  Remaining a gee until the moment you expire  You know what it is to make nothing out of something  You handle your biz and don't be cryin and suffering  You can't do nothing but love fresh ha  You want to know what we gone do next ha  You brought our tape with a check ha  You wearing a vest ha  You tryin to protect your chest ha  You spent seven years on your benz ha  That ain't yours that's for your friends ha  You wanna stop these heads from playing with you ha  You wanna run the block ha  You wanna be tha last one with rocks ha  You keep your gun cocked ha  You count the money at the end of the night ha  You on a three day flight ha  You full of that diesel ha  You duckin them people ha  You the one face was on we news last night ha  You the one robbed them little dudes out they shoes last night ha  You don't come in the project when it's dark ha  You claim you a thug and you ain't got no heart ha  You come in the nolia on new years eve ha  You got stuck in that bitch and couldn't leave ha  It was hard for you to breathe ha  Chorus (repeats 2 times)  Is you a paper chaser  You got the block on fire  Remaining a gee until we moment you expire  You know what it is to make nothing out of something  You handle your biz and don't be cryin and suffering  You got a trespassing charge ha  You got on a hard on when you were looking at them little broads ha  You don't know when to quit ha  That's you with that shot calling click ha  That's you with that balling click ha  That's you thats taking them hits ha  Your girl don't know when to shut up her mouth ha  You gone give her grief ha  You done switched from nike to reebok ha  You twinkle your gold everytime you leave your house ha  Them income tax checks out ha  You bout to flip that ha  You bout to go buy you a gram ha  You bout to go treat your nose ha  You bout to go put the dope d on one of these ho's ha  When you broke you drove ha  When you paid you got bookoo places to go ha  You on top ha  You don't think you can be stopped ha  You robbin somebody shop ha  You ridin in the benz on 20 inch rims ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile - Wacko - Skip Album: Hustle & Flow Soundtrack Song: Booty Language Typed by: tha_end_is_tha_begining@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] What's happening ladie's and gentlemen you're on that UTP radio and this is Juve Wacko & Skip with the new single They up next, check it out OH! Don't bounce it like that don't move it like that don't do it like that I'll touch ya girl Don't work it like that don't twerk it like that don't serve me like that I'll touch ya girl Don't talk it like that don't walk it like that don't make it talk back I'll touch ya girl She's speaking booty language (touch it) she's speaking booty language (touch it) She's speaking booty language (touch it) she's speaking booty language [Juvenile] Should of had you on beef from the beginning Sipping hennessy I mean no disrespect miss yeah I'm not hard to find in the club at all I know you see these diamond's shining on my necklace (yeah) You got my shit beating hard for me to control it now all with my hand in my pocket I gotta hold it down Your booty like misses incredible the only thing different is you move like a ghetto hoe A shape like that can only come from chicken and vegetables Now let me get this hoe's address and ya area code Bossman is getting chedder on the shizzle the wrist is on chill and the feet is on sizzle Hoe my shit rain it don't drizzle I juz jump on a race of niggas thats bettin their change on pickle I hear you talking to me you gunna let me touch it? Try to show you respect but you gunna make a nigga rush it OH [Juvenile] Baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby You can stomp with me shorty you can hump with me shorty get crunk with me shorty (I'm with that) Shorty you can sip with me shorty you can dip with me shorty rock the whip with me shorty (I'm with that) Put your game face on pout your lips out go ahead let your hair down stick your hips out Go ahead bounce that ass 'round let it stick out let your tip drill down let me tip out Put it in park for me shorty come on walk for me shorty make it talk to me shorty (I'm with that) Shorty I'll split your walls with it shorty touch your heart with it shorty set off spark's with it shorty (I'm with that) Shake it like a bad habbit ????? make her start a conversation while I ????? That's a nice demonstration Juve I know you seen it legs up like the doors on my Lamborghini [Wacko] Baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby Hey lil' momma let me get behind ya let me hold on ya hips while I bump n grind ya (bump n grind ya) Me and you we got something in common see I like nice things and youse a diamond Youse a jewel how youse be shining when you move it look like balloons behind ya (ooh wee); momma do me proper You acting stuck up but your ass says youse a popper Do me proper look it's talking to me be the shit and back that ass up oh it started walking to me Walk to me now (ooh) talk to me now (ooh) walk to me now (ooh) talk to me now don't stop It's getting hard to me now this adultry call the law for me now bend it over play your part for me now Wutchu say? shake it hard for me now! Artist: Wyclef Jean, Xzibit, Juvenile, Nature, Ja Rule, Reptile Album: Life Soundtrack Song: 25 to Life Typed by: hdub@hotmail.com [Wyclef talking] Yo to my people doing time, Xzibit, Juvenile, y'all need to  Nature, Ja Rule, Reptile come on bring the heat. [Xzibit - overlaps Wyclef] Look, I'm inhumane livin' in this house of pain stuck with a thousand street hustlers down on they luck Repeat felons caught up with the death I was sellin' and for the past three months yo I can still hear my victims yellin' but I can't listen to my conscience it's nonsense if I didn't shoot I'd be the nigga in the suit in the box under the ground fox chased by the hound locked permanent frown Xzibit get down by liftin' iron by the pound for the tough individual runnin' run his mouth throw some hands with the General walk one day in the shoes of a criminal death disease keep your luxuries to a minimal I'm not talkin' about weed, jewels, & Bentleys I'm talkin' about clean clothes, hot food, and Dentyne see what I mean livin' with the scum of the earth hit with plenty of time to adjust to life on the inside (Wyclef)  [Juvenile] You got me fucked up I'm innocent look I ain't do shit you don't want to hear my side but you believin' that bitch You makin' my nerves bad I need to smoke me a jo' 'cause I know y'all ain't even thinkin' 'bout lettin' me go Where my lawyer, nigga told me Juv' I can't do nothin' for ya Y'all go tell that to my mother & my father but they gon' cuss ya out so don't you even bother you know that shit ain't right that bitch didn't see nothin' 'cause it was dark at night but I guess us blacks look the same to y'all passin' niggas around like a game of ball This is my third felony plus my third strike man I ain't goin' home I got 25 to Life. [Nature] QU New York, you try to criticize me I criticize you been the same muthafucka since in high school any beat I shed light to with crazy wattage Blankin' out bought my first eight ball for eighty dollars learned who not to trust grew obnoxious so niggas start to hate me same time the boys in blue watch us circlin' but they don't slow down take you to court think you seein' Judge Joe Brown they just actin' niggas throwin' Tyson back in another year fuckin' with a nigga's career I cock back at you bust in the air give me space beats with plenty bass drink my Hennessey straight 'til I hurl out third world clout I'll take niggas hearts and turn killers into girl scouts works of art Picasso from the Hydro roller-slash-hustler CEO-slash-retired soldier [Ja Rule] Kill or be killed behind the wall 40 day short still the thought of murderer true to the sport I bang with the best in niggas career criminals now I'm in with these youngins lookin' to feel me out Hollerin' 'bout how they gon' hit on me now Niggas is real wild bangin' before trial new case, new trial, I don't give a fuck I'm playin' the yard ox taped to my nuts ready to self destruct Lord I don't wanna die but what powered your honor to hit me with 25 fuck 'em I know that real recognize every hustle and die with they niggas in the struggle, ya feel me? [Reptile] Oh God shells loaded in the semi auto quoted unknown cat never voted picture me on the scene huntin' for greens like Mike Meyers trick or treatin' on Halloween mashed down in fatigues servin' the fiends kill or be killed metal pipes under the sleeve in the city slicker bust checks or puff cess ruffneck love liquor & act figures bloodsport on the streets no gloves pullin' knives out the 'fridge handin' out cold cuts ugh streets real thug so recognize thug close yo' eyes thug you 'bout to die thug! Call the President I'm blowin' up ya residence spill acid on the corpse to clear the evidence Protestors outside screamin' free Gotti guard your body SWAT teams is waitin' with the shotty Wyclef: Y'all need to  REPEAT For all my people doin' time keep your head up Wyclef Jerry "Wonder" New Millenium new millenium come on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile, Lil Wayne, Big Tymers Album: Original Kings of Comedy (Soundtrack) Song: What's Up Wit Dat Typed by: IcebergRep757@cs.com [Juvenile] Put a limit to tha bullshit and give me some space Nigga recognize tha G in me when I'm tha place I'll get mad and deliberately spit in yo face  I ain't no pretty boy nigga I'm a felony case My daddy was slangin iron back in '78  Is you listenin to it nigga I'm I settin you straight  Tha next one of you niggas that come at me sideways We'll be entertained wit 4 or 5 K's Probably might get killed in 4 or 5 ways  Probably won't be found fo bout 4 or 5 days Lil Wheezy in tha pen fo bout 4 or 5 days Look he ain't in tha hood fo bout 4 or 5 days Better not tell me shit when I'm upset Cause I'll catch a flashback and all of y'all would get wet Around tha way they call me Slap and Pop Cause I'll slap a clip up in mac and let it pop [Baby] Look nigga if you pull that bitch, you betta shoot that bitch Reppin fo them hoes that get their wigs split quick If you abusin that shit, you probably shootin that shit  I'm Mr. Bling Bling nigga fuck that shit You could find me in my Rover gettin head from a bitch  You could catch me on tha block breakin bread wit tha click  You could find me in tha lot buyin a matchin six Lorenzo kit wit buttons on that bitch I hit a pawn shop and buy a gat for tha click Nigga ask tha Ruff Ryders if you real wit it slick  I took them to tha mansion that's paid out slick  Wit them Hummers, Bentleys and Jags and this bitch I'm tha numba one wodie I don't talk no shit Look at all this ice and how I'm poppin this shit Nigga grease me up or I'll stick you up Nigga put yo hands up befo I fuck you up [Lil Wayne] (Hook Repeat 2x) Now What's up wit dat Cause you know us don't play We bust tha gat It got ice all over wit dubs to match You catch us on yo block late dressed up in black Now What's Up wit dat [Mannie Fresh] It's like ruff, rugged, raw  Fuckin on tha interstate in a brand new car Fo my niggas I'm ruff, rugged, wild Strawberry kool-aid mixed wit Cristal W-W-W dot fresh dot com  You deal wit me Lil Daddy I guarantee  That am......gone put yo ass on front of a white T XXL choker neck playboy or V [Lil Wayne] Now I be creepin through tha back wit tha chrome plate in Simmy auto, Tec let's get on baby Now have they seen me in a seat Mer-cedes  Wit yo wife in a car wit yo babies  I'm a hot fire boy and I'm gonna let em burn Straight from tha 17th point of no return  And I scerm thru traffic in a Porsche on factories  Hennessy in back of me Now I'm feelin accurate  Ice blingin hard suddently the light captured it Don't try me or yo moms die from a freak accident OH NO! could it stop but I got this big ol' 4-4 (gun sound) pop  And I'm gonna chopped this whole ki into a lotta lumps Next time you see me I'll have money like Donald Trump I'm off tha heezy it could be nite, day i'm still creepin In a light grey Lamborghini it's Lil Wheezy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Capone-n-Noreaga f/ Goldfingaz, Maze, Musalini and 	Cash Money Mill. (Big Tymers, Lil' Wayne, Juvenile, Turk) Album: Baller Blockin' soundtrack Song: Play That Shit (Remix) Typed by: IcebergRep757@cs.com [Lil' Wayne] They call me the youngest headbuster walkin' Thugged out in all black, calicole sparklin' A guerilla till I die bless me when I'm dead But for the bread I bring ya anybody head That's how I play it I don't hold back I tote gats be on the spot were ya sold crack Nigga feel played then ya fuckin get blown back I burn 'em twice with a black rusty old mac Now BLOCKA nigga get off me [Juvenile] Get some off that cocky weed and roll that bitch up Won't play with me like I'ma choke that bitch up Keep it on the turf I might be killin' to get mine New prints on the back I make a million in big time I'll always be a thug until I'm crippled and crazy I'ma always stay close with Suga Slim, Wayne and Baby Runnin' with a team off cut-throats and backshots All day bullshittin neglagince and homicides [Turk and Noreaga] Cash Money niggas they don't play that shit Thugged Out niggas we don't play that shit [Noreaga] Yo I rock silk You see NORE I pop quilts I'm old school but still in tha game like Scott Billups Yeah you came short And plus tha case I faught  I had tha judge and tha DA both my boys I'm a changed man speak to tha ghost of my pops I bling bling on stage nigga gangstas watch Thugged Out Cash Money fuck tha cops Thugged Out Cash Money will take yo watch [Capone] Now she what y'all possessed me to do I squeeze siamese guns Turn niggas vegetables  My life is ghetto Half of y'all spittin a lie in front of tha judge like 25 nahhh Imma turn to tha street cut him near tha corner Blood in his eyes, yellow tape, cameras and reporters So many years had me stuck in tha cage Hate me now wish I was gone so they could buck at my grave Chorus [Musalini] From N-Y to N-O Thugged Out and Cash Money I'm a thug B how you gonna stop hungry We eatin' pop bubbley in beef we pop dummies Run up in hood honey's it's all good sonney Throw your sets up nigga Throw your side up nigga Ride or die young nigga Get high young nigga Stay fly young nigga Do what you gotta survive young nigga [Maze] Live we fly down in New Orleans Get it purpulatin You smell me keep that fire green circulating Thugged Out with Cash Money Thugs we stash your arms Weeds get blazed from your face till feet With us all we stay deep got beef we're surroundin My Niggas cock back Macs from here to some 'the houses Get rocked or get it on if you bout it Cause boy you're in the zone You take routes quick like Roy Jones Chorus [Baby] (Lil Wayne) I got thru any nigga project sparkin (sparkin) wodie 4-4 barkin (barkin) Nigga start walkin (walkin) Lyrics be spraklin (spraklin) Wit this Uptown talkin (Bling Bling baby) You know that's us (Nigga Ching Ching baby) Cash Money's a must I got a car from NORE Let's do this wodie From yo jet to mines Let's do this NORE We could shot it in New York it don't matter lil wodie [Mannie Fresh] Lil Daddy I just couldn't wait Stick these nigga fo they cake Stop tha muthafuckin hate Slow it down hold up wait Thugged nosed 38 Left em sleepin in tha lake Killed tha nigga and his date Cash Money trigga play Nigga don't you that I'll hit you wit tha ch-choppa Playa yo I'm really foul Hit these hoes wit tha wow Back off of me CHOPPA CHOPPA CHOPPA [Turk] Lil Wayne, Turk, BG annd Juvenile The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Big Tymers, Hot Boys Album: Realest Niggaz Down South (Compilation) Song: U Don't Wanna Typed by: Ltsjet@aol.com [Baby] What's up Playboy? You know how we do this, Hot Boy$ and Big Tymers Two rolex on our wrist, And every car we ride in got TV's I know you love this here First Verse [Juvenile]: You can call me the Baby Don of the 'jects You can call me what you what, but you call me collect, You can call me the muthafucka cuz that's just what I am When you call for the policeman, call for the ambulance, Lildaddy we got'cha swooped, ha? You got that iron but you too paranoid to shoot, ha? You think you cute, ha? Stuntin' Lildaddy will get'cha broke off Automatic weapon up to your throat fall Your witness won't survive to make it to court Dogg Envision I'm still alive I play the sport y'all You can't run the block without me interferin' You can't open shop without my niggas hearin' All the time, it be on my mind, U.T.P. I represent until the day I resign, Put my three fingers up and show my Solja sign Let these muthafuckas know they clique ain't older than mine Chorus [Lil' Wayne] Nigga it's that U.P.T., where we be all the time You find big bodies and dead bodies all the time Nigga I SWEAR, you don't wanna go there And out THERE, and watch how fast yo chest tear It's that U.P.T., where we be all the time You find big bodies and dead bodies all the time And nigga I SWEAR, you don't wanna go there Nigga, out THERE, and watch how fast yo chest tear Second Verse [Lil' Wayne]: The second man tore up,  I grabbed the gun and got to bust prolly saw badder stuff, But you ain't never saw what a man do when I splatter guts, And you ever seen that many niggas in blacker trucks Nigga just run stop act and duck, Like in my K mane, it spray anyday mane, I make way mane, that solja can't play Wayne, Them say pimpin' ain't easy, but it gotta be done, But headbustin' ain't cool, but they gotta be bust, But wait, please don't debate, on what we would do Cuz I don't even be wantin' to do what we would do But, I swear it be them trees dogg,  It make me ride in all black clothes with solja rees dogg, Please dogg, don't come test CMB dogg, Cuz we all, burn ya block and will just flee all, I'm tellin' you Don't spark up no problems 'fore your people be smellin' you We strapped up with choppers and vehicles on twenty-twos Chorus Third Verse [Turk]: Uptown we burnin' thangs, Get in a corner four deep with choppers we lettin' em rang, Dippin' niggas like tokens no jokin' brains gone hang, Gotta get it how they live, how they live better get it Shit you kill or get killed, It's an army Uptown, niggas bout bustin' heads, You can't be no hoe, if you scared, say you scared An untamed gorilla I ride anyday,  Let a nigga spook me, he spray, then I'ma spray I'm a violent type nigga, creep at night nigga Fuck with me, a nigga lose his life type nigga Fuckin' right nigga that's how we do it Uptown Nigga'll dump your body where it can't be found Still playin' it raw, shit never gone change Nigga outta place, knockin' out the bitch brains Think it's a game? Nigga get'cha mind right now Same thing make you smile, could turn into a frown Chorus Fourth Verse [Big Tymers] [Baby] Nigga I got love for the South,  But I'm an Uptown nigga with some golds in my mouth With my twelve gauge automatic knock a lil' nigga down So won't you bring me to your house round? And I don't want no yay I want your rolex and the money and a new lac, So I could put your bitch, in my passenger sac, Label me a gold grill brown-skin Mac, And I'm hard up, rollin' with gorillas and killas, Tattooed and we hard up dope dealin', And if I catch ya down bad I'ma rearrange ya head nigga Cuz I'm a Big Tymer just won't stop, I took my helicopter to Texas, so my family could shop Cuz I'ma ball til' I fall that's my motto nigga, Shop til' I drop that's my thang nigga And I'ma drank til' my muthafuckin' heart stop, Kill or be killed nigga pop or get popped nigga [Manny Fresh] Black Ruger PLUCKA Dirty muthaFUCKA It's been twenty-four hours since the last time I STUCK A Sixteen round burst, BLUCKA BLUCKA Dead up in a shiesty nigga go-go, You bitches better call a po-po, It's a filthy ass, funky ass, bout to act a donkey ass caller nigga that don't Know no fear, worry, or panic Tonight it's goin' down like the Titanic, understand it? Now why would you come empty handed to a gun fight? It's a slight chance that your ass just might, make it,  to hear the record come out What's wrong you can't talk with a barrel up in your muthafuckin' mouth? See niggas don't fight no more, all they do is burst I'm the Doctor, who gonna play the patient and get they shots first? Chorus [Lil' Wayne] Madness nigga, madness nigga Madness in the Nolia and the Lio and the ramp man, it's in the 17th man It's in my camp Madness in the Nolia and the Lio and the ramp man, it's in the 17th man It's in my camp, Uptown nigga what? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drag-On, Juvenile Album: Ruff Ryders * Ryde or Die Volume One Song: Down Bottom  Typed by: Pooh4901@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Juve]	Mmmm hmmmmm [Drag]	Ha ha hah Oh! Damn, now bop to this Yeah, uhh, uhh, y'all know what this is (flame on) Juvenile, Drag-On (flame on) And now.. Swizz Swizz Beats, yea! [Drag-On] Me and my niggaz done licked shots, even done hit cops  Betcha niggaz can't wait til my shit drop Treat you like your momma, give you lip a pop Nigga you don't want my clip to drop Cause that means I'm empty, and you're full of it Check what the bullet did Missiles gonna hit you get you, rip through tissue Shoot another rhyme just cause I missed you I make plus cash, you little niggaz can't fuck wit Drag Got the chain out, so his muscle grabs Nigga fuck that, you better bust back 'fore ya monkey-ass land where the dust at Ride like the girl but you can't trust cash Spit line of fire and he can't touch black  All you can do is cuss back in your weak raps bout how you bust gats Nigga we don't need that, I don't care about your feedback Y'all niggaz don't feed Drag Til a motherfucker pull out, bust a bullet out in the safe house, nigga where the keys at  Nigga where the stash at, nigga where the weed at Nigga pass that 'fore I pull my trigger Matter fact where the ass at, cause I got the "Rough Rider" and I ain't talkin bout my niggaz Cause nigga we can go hoe for hoe, toe to toe, blow for blow and when you feel your nose crack That mean I broke that, I fill a po'-po' wit a flame thrower like I told yo' befo' ya know umm - you can't handle You can put me on wax but my fire burn candles And who that nigga Ruff Rydin, Drag-On Y'all niggaz and Southsiders Chorus: Drag-On + Various (repeat 2X) Do y'all niggaz bust y'all guns? (Hell yeah we bust our guns!!) Do y'all fuck them til they cum? (Damn right we make them cum!!) It's for the North (HEY) South (HEY) East (HEY) West (HEY) Ruff Ryders gonna show y'all niggaz who ride the best [Juvenile] Hmmmm, hmmmmmmmm In the late night, we be cockin high and givin you stage fright Yo head might explode, when I bust with the lead pipe Now say it right, Juvenile, HE tight Stay hype, now page Mike and make sure he got all the yea, aight? I'm tired of you niggaz, be thinkin that you usin me Runnin with them petty-ass niggaz lookin like fools to me I'm workin wit some change aiy And aint afraid to put fifty up on ya brain yay You bout warrin over yo' people I'm the same yay Look, I'ma have somebody sayin that's the shame yay But if them people come they ain't gon' give no names yay Play with the number one stun'na don't play no games yay Come outside and see nothin but camouflage and bricks Them gather up boys strapped with cannons tryin to knock off yo' shit, you stanky bitch I'll Ruff Ryde your ass then, Cash in for Money Juven' ain't gettin nuttin ha ha hah that shit is funny Chorus [Drag-On] When my niggaz get knocked we gonna bail them out When it come to my gun my shells is out You better get the message, cause I done mailed it out that I'ma bang it like a hammer and I'ma nail the South East West, and write letters for my niggaz up North  My guns made in China, so you better dust off Comin to getcha, you gon' bleed ketchup, I always got cheddar I never ass bet ya, and I won't even sweat ya You won't roll four and better My dough is never low, but if Drag is down on his last  I'ma reach in my sweater, bet my Baretta Make a nigga feel the heat in the cold weather Can't stand a nigga hype, throw me his bitch  Bitch come to my shit, you betta come get her Be like a dog with a bone I run with her Y'all make me so tired Y'all niggaz still rappin like you don't know my flow is fire and y'all ain't got ya suits, ain't got ya boots Probably gotta gun that ain't never shoot When we come you better hope they don't name you Cause like two sticks rubbin I'll flame you Don't try to be me cause I ain't you 'fore I have your spirit with the angels My shorty keep a gun on the ankles Wanna fuck? Watch out she'll bang you cause I taught her well, y'all players better haul to hell But you niggaz couldn't borrow a belt Whoever wit you is goin to jail Do you niggaz bust your guns? Oh you ain't bustin none, huh? You wanna fuck em til they cum, huh? Drag-On, Juvenile, Double R, what you want huh? Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile, Turk, Lil Derrick & T.C. Album: Shunny Pooh Presents... 3rd Coast Finest Song: Dirty World (Remix) Typed by: IcebergRep757@cs.com (Juvenile) My man...gots a lotta shot calls in tha bricks ATF be kickin in doors, but he ain't worried bout shit Besides he don't even think his location is hot He feel he got so much love no one would rat on his spot That was a weakness, he should've neva had it from tha start How tha fuck you gone be out here not playin it smart He had a fire connection that broke him off wit tha bricks Didn't matter if he finshed it, he sold all his shit He talked out all his business so everybody knowin him Niggas that's try'n to get em, tha same niggas be scorin But round here people learn to keep they mouth shut Dippin in niggas business will get yo house shot up Now wodie got a nigga try'n bust his head open He already scopin em, he know where he put tha dope in Hopin that they could get him, cuz they had a knife Lil One ya betta slow down cuz you ain't playin it right (Turk) Nothin but killas where I stay Bricks and hallways Real niggas in troops wit soljas who tote K's Niggas that ain't scared to bust yo head dawg Come at ya when they get greedy and let ya have it all Niggas that's bout war and will beef at any hour No matter tha weather hot or cold, leave a nigga sour Hop out tha Eddie Bow, un-disguised wit no maskes Leave tha scene drastic, catch ya while you in traffic No grins or no laughin Want beef?  Then let's beef, tear down streets tear down streets You wanna creep? Then let's creep, in that UPT you got guerillas that's untamed 3 to that 13th, niggas that ain't playin [Hook (Lil Derrick)] It's a dirty world That's why I ride wit my 50 If a nigga run up, I'ma empty tha whole clip on em (Lil Derrick) It's a dirty world, only tha survive It's steal or get stole, nigga ride or die That's why I keep my chopper wit me at all times Ready for war, spin a nigga block full of raw Me and you beefin and we hot dawg I'm killin yo pa I'm bout drama playboy, I'm thuggin all day Get outta line playboy, I'm leavin you wet I tote choppers and tec's, wit 2 clips taped together Pull up in tha bubble wit no mask, it's BLUCKA You lil boys should'nt have played wit me If ya would've kept yo mouth closed, you'd still be livin Tryin stunt from them hoes then got yo wig spit in ATF in tha hood try'n find out who did it But I'ma kill on of those bitches if they don't mind they business Cuz what happens in tha hood is tha hood's business And yo lil partna coward ass put tha law in it When he suppose to come grab that chopper and go to war wit me Me and Juvie, I gotta K he gotta ozzie Two man army will come thru actin stupid If we beefin yo block we'll blooze it Me and Juvie, yo head you'll loose it (T.C) Ain't no coward in me nigga,I'm Young & I'm Thuggin You know me T from New Orleans, and I'm bout head bussen I spin tha bin in black, wit a platinum mack Clear tha set when I come thru nigga, cuz I'ma threat I blooze a nigga wit that hoe shit If I can't get ya, I'll get somebody that you close wit You got that work, playboy you betta hide that somewhere far My pockets servin, I'll kill fo that Take a penitentiary chance or goin to jail fo that 100 birds sellin fo ten I get a mil fo that 18, I'm a worth a mil My whole click push weight, transportin ki's in a all black Esclade 100 G's on tha seat, layin next to my K I'ma hot boy to tha feds, and to large fo tha feds Now How U Luv That! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cash Money Millionares Album: The Wood Soundtrack Song: Tha Hood (It's All Good) Typed by: BaLPLaya34@aol.com [Juvenile] Ha Ha Ha Ha  Ain't nuthin shakin, I'm the same old nigga Still sit back in these and hang with and dope dealers Break the crew off, ride in new cars Get information from hoez about the new wars Hangin in the middle of a battlefield, dog Boys playin it hot, but I gotta chill y'all And all them little kidz done got a dollar apiece And some knowledge ain't gon help em, keep em outa the streetz [Baby (Big Tymers)] It's all good, Lil one, won't u give me them {rifle cocks} I'ma break em all down for me and my peepz Half round, 28 ounces give me two g's Uptown, Hot Boyz, tryin to stack me some cheese And I'ma hit my hood, and let it be known When I holla at them niggaz they better be gone And I'm a frontin lil ward and I want mine And I'ma break em off propa and I need mine I got my money straight nigga, so don't lie You better respect this game, so niggaz lie 28? 36? Nigga 45 100 g's two {rifle cocks} and they all mine {Chorus}x 4 I bounce thru the Hood  My niggaz they give me love Boy, what's happenin nigga? Dog It's all good [B.G.] But when the hood, fuck wit niggaz I came up wit Entered the game wit, snorted and caught a train wit The same niggaz I hsutled and felt pain wit I'm the B.G. off the block, do the same old shit Just cause I got big hits I still remain a street nigga Still pile up in my benz and when I'm 4 deep nigga Change cause I got bank? I don't think I could, wit me for life it'll be all good in tha hood [Young Turk] It's all good where I stay, niggaz hustle all day They don't play, you fuck wit em Won't neva take {click} put a end to yo day When I bust on yo face and where ever you're caught slippin That's where you're gonna lay Nigga think it's a game?  Will they, lose yo brain ? If you got a loud mouth, better watch what you say on it Got some thangz for them, they slangin em nigga All that guerilla, hang drain and they bangin it nigga {Chorus}x 4 I bounce thru the Hood  My niggaz they give me love Boy, what's happenin nigga? Dog It's all good [Manny Fresh] You wanna second linee! Buy yo bitch Armani? If you ain't got a million dollars, nigga stand behind me It's all good ha Cuz a nigga ride a benz It's all good ha Cuz now we got some N's(money) It's all good Ha Cause a nigga sleepin right It's all good huh Cuz my kids eatin right Now hoooold up, wait a minute Or go to my nigga put some sould up in it [Lil' Wayne] I'm from the south where they be hustelin Niggaz drug smugglin Big guns comin in  Police steady runnin in We gon keep on thuggin, baby, smokin, ridin, drinking slangin Gte a lick and get that thang, grab yo manz and get that thang Time for the dro, we bring them catz south Niggaz clutchin they nuts they druged the fuck out And niggaz like, let it off in the hood 2 drinks for twenty, nigga don't that sound good Chorus: repeat 4X I bounce thru the Hood  My niggaz they give me love Boy, what's happenin nigga? Dog It's all good The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Big Tymers, Hot Boys Album: Checkmate Song: Change the World Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lil' Wayne] What, what, what, what, what, what Huh (Huh) What (What) If I could change the world (If I could change the world) Huh (Huh) What (What - what) Look: If I had the world, dog, I'd make hustlin' good And if I could I'd put work every hustler's hood [B.G.] I can't lie - this world is scary to me I carry two gats - you won't hear nobody buryin' me [Juvenile] None of my people would have to pay tax or bills Even all the new niggas oughtta average a mill [Mannie] If I could change the score, we'd never hustle no more And every bizite that I lizight 'll be like "whoa" [Lil' Wayne] And the police would be for here only for the old folks So if we have a problem, we strap up and hold court [B.G.] If I could change it - man, if the world was mine Nobody'd have to take nothin' 'cause we'd all shine [Juvenile] If I ruled the world, nigga wouldn't have no beef It'll be a decline in the murder rate on the streets [Baby] If the world was mine we wouldn't need no killers We'll put A/C in these project windows [Lil' Wayne] Huh (Huh) What (What) If I could change the world (If I could change the world) Huh (Huh) What (What - what) Look - what, what, what, what, what (Hook [Unplugged]) If I could change the world I'd make it much better for you and me I'd erase these hard times we had, yeah And we'd ball 'til we fall - can you feel that? Yeeeeeaaaaahhhhh [Mannie] Come on, let's do this shit - yo, my party don't quit And every record Cash Money put out 'll be a hit [Lil' Wayne] I'd dig a ditch for the hatas, put 'em deeper with that And I could murder a nigga and wouldn't spend a week in the pen [B.G.] Man, we'd all have houses, a half-a-block We'd all be on chrome in a Benz drop-top [Juvenile] All the women would be big, fine with a cute face And the children would be the kind that stay in they place [Baby] If the world was mine I'd unite my peeps My mom and my dad would be in this world with me [Lil' Wayne] But if a nigga still trip, you can hit him with glock And just to keep it real I'll bring back Biggie and Pac [B.G.] Man, we'd all get along - we'll be a family That's just how it'll be if this world was for me [Juvenile] If I ruled the world, wouldn't be no politics Blacks would have a lot of shit - that Bentley and that Prowler shit [Lil' Wayne] What, what, what, what, what, what Huh (Huh) What (What) If I could change the world (If I could change the world) Huh (Huh) What (What - what) Look - what, what, what, what, what (Hook [Unplugged]) If I could change the world I'd make it much better for you and me I'd erase these hard times we had, yeah And we'd ball 'til we fall - can you feel that? Yeeeeeaaaaahhhhh [Juvenile] More blunts to smoke up on the streets with peace Without a worry on our mind, not duckin' police [Mannie] If we could go back in time, you could have what's mine That's for shig my nig - we ain't gotta slang that iron [Lil' Wayne] Play the block all day without runnin' and duckin' And everybody drugs raw - they don't cut it with nothin' [B.G.] It ain't mine - I just gotta get it how I live Can't question God on what He made a biz what it is [Juvenile] If I ruled the world, my family wouldn't fight Everything in order - everybody all right [Baby] If the world was mine I'll still be grindin' I'll flip big blocks for (?) and Bryan [Lil' Wayne] And if you move a hundred bricks, you get a Benz for free Oh yeah, and Beyonce'll have twins for me [B.G.] Man, if this world was for the lil' B.G. Everybody'd be straight, everybody'd live sweet - uh-huh [Lil' Wayne] Huh (Huh) What (What) If I could change the world (If I could change the world) Huh (Huh) What (What - what) Look - what, what, what, what, what (Hook-2x [Unplugged]) If I could change the world I'd make it much better for you and me I'd erase these hard times we had, yeah And we'd ball 'til we fall - can you feel that? Yeeeeeaaaaahhhhh [Lil' Wayne] Huh (Huh) What (What) If I could change the world (If I could change the world) Huh (Huh) What (What - what) Look - what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Juvenile Album: Checkmate Song: Get in Line Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com * * Please send all corrections to typist ("One! Two! Three! Kick it!") [Juvenile] Nigga know I hate his guts, so he don't cross my path 'Cause he know I've been survivin' all of the wars I had Bitch-nigga called hisself killin' my dog But he didn't, though, so I'm tyin' up him and his broad Betta say somethin', and it betta be what I wanna hear I'm listenin' - scary bitches started shittin' and pissin' You might see him on a milk carton, dog - he still missin' Somebody might catch him up on a hook when they fishin' Look, I've been itchin' to get bitches, money, and jewels I know some nigga's got a package - I'ma run with the fool Through the years older playaz told me to keep my head strong 'Cause niggas is followers, and some of 'em led wrong But if I bust a cap in 'em, I will be dead wrong They don't know what's happenin', and I ain't gonna say it to 'em 'Cause bitches be catchin' conversation inspectin' And fuck up and give them people some bad information (Hook [Juvenile]) Now point the nigga out if he wan' do it with me Step to the front of the line, let me see who you be Air and opportunity - that ain't nothin' to me Look, I got somethin' I'm totin' that'll cut you in three ("One! Two! Three! Kick it!") [Juvenile] You'se a certified clown in my eyes That's the reason why half of your hood got shit bags on your side You talk a good game, but you a ho when they ride Nigga don't have to look for you - they know you inside You probly got your tail in your ass, your thumb in your mouth Protected custody so you don't come in your house Motherfucker, where all the shit you said you was 'bout? Let you tell it - you been 'bout bustin' heads in the south [B.G.] Can't be fuckin' with no lame, fake, ain't even gon' watch your back, nigga Get popped - can't handle the pressure and rat, nigga Take the whole clique down runnin' his lips Can't come back in the bricks now, he'll get flipped It's a cold game, but I don't give a fuck, my nigga I feel threatened by anybody, I'ma bust that nigga up my nigga Then go get a mill, fuck my bitch - I take this game to heart, unless niggas disagree (Hook [Juvenile]) [B.G.] I'm a lil' man - stand my ground no matter what Glock glued to my hand - there's no one you can trust Niggas turned on they own nigga behind Geez If I think they won't turn on me, I'm outta luck So I roll first - cock and shoot first Gotta stay over the head to duck a T-shirt You want beef? You want war? You want me? Nothin' between us but air and opportunity Don't talk 'bout what you gon' do - do it, nigga 'Cause you're wastin' your breath - go 'head, prove it, nigga Shit's real - I ain't got time to fake Time's money - I ain't got time to waste But on the straight with me bein' real To let others' niggas know I don't fake - ya gotta get killed Oh, bitch-nigga playin' with a rich nigga like me Ya wind up six feet, clown (Hook [Juvenile]) Now point the nigga out if he wan' do it with me Step to the front of the line, let me see who you be Air and opportunity - that ain't nothin' to me Look, I got somethin' I'm totin' that'll cut you in three ("One! Two! Three! Kick it!") Now point the nigga out if he wan' do it with me Step to the front of the line, let me see who you be Air and opportunity - that ain't nothin' to me Look, I got somethin' I'm totin' that'll cut you in three ("K-k-kick it!") Now point the nigga out if he wan' do it with me Step to the front of the line, let me see who you be Air and opportunity - that ain't nothin' to me Look, I got somethin' I'm totin' that'll cut you in three [Juvenile {talking}] Step up! Wherever the fuck you is, nigga Don't throw a motherfuckin' brick and hide your hand like a ol' pussy-ass, nigga ("One! Two! Three! Kick it!") Come out to the light, nigga - let me see who you is You wan' do me somethin' or harm my kids, nigga, show your face Make it known you're beefin' with me Know wh'I'm sayin' Ol' scary-ass nigga gon' hide Come out here, playa - catch me all over New Orleans, nigga On the block, in the hood, wherever B.G., nigga, always on V.L. We gon' keep it real - know wh'I'm sayin' ("One! Two! Three! Kick it!") ("One! Two! Three! Kick it!") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Juvenile Album: Checkmate Song: Jungle Typed by: CMRbGz619@aol.com * * send all corrections to typist [B.G.]  Uh-huh Ah, Ah, Woah, Woah I'm a guerilla, I'm a dog, I'm a beast, I'm a snake the type that will walk up and put 10 hollows to your face I'm a tiger, I'm a lion, I'm a bear, I'm a panther if you ballin' I'ma be the one that's gonna snatch ya I'm a fool, when I'm beefin I give niggaz the blues Don't think twice, first mind tell me do what I gotta do So I gather up my clique, load up the fucking iron gas up the creep mobile, jump in that bitch and ride When I catch ya I'ma do ya, I'ma smoke ya, I'ma kill ya I'ma spank ya, I'ma whack ya, Geezy gone deal witcha I don't play, I don't asshole B.G. don't lollygag I get these pussy niggaz ready for their body bag I'ma a clown but I ain't the type that play with ya child I'm the type that go chicka-blowe chicka blowe Ya heard me, watch out when that thang in my hand I'ma an untamed animal, straight a clean up man Chorus 2X: [Juvenile] I'ma animal in the jungle so you better beware it ain't nothing but guerillas, lion, tigers, and bears I'ma game red-nosed pit ready to scratch got you running like a bitch tryin to avoid the attack [B.G.] I ain't no rabbit, I ain't no rat I'ma a soldier that will give you hell I ain't cat, I ain't no turtle get in beef and hide in a shell I ain't no mutt, I ain't no monkie, far from being a duck believe me I can swim so come in that water, try your luck You gonna drown, guarantee you go under you won't come up I'm from Uptown and Uptown niggaz don't give a fuck My hood is a jungle full of niggaz live that wild life picture a untamed guerilla with a K(AK) he nothing nice so you know you get in his way, you lose your life so reverse that, get in front of me, you lose your life I'm like a alligator crocodile, quietly I lay Then slip, get comfortable, I'll strike and kill a prey take the life out em', stand there and watch him stop breathing watch him fade into the other world, but one day I'll see him but for now FUCK em', see ya when I see ya nigga I know at this moment I wouldn't wanna be ya nigga (Chorus) I'm a lil' creeper, quick like a cheetah, so better (?????) when I tell you freeze, when I was down for my heater people say I'm dangerous, I need a leash and a collar cuz I'm like a ROCK (rocwilder) but much more wilder if You got it, and I want it, I'll duct tape ya gotta a lock like a pit bull, get a hold of you and shake ya ain't now way You gone stomp at me, I feel you trying to play me I'm like Mike when I bite, I give ya bitch ass Rabies From tree to tree, block to block I be hanging Nuts swanging, thuggin, fuck it I'm looking mangy I gives a fuck, I live wild life like jungle animals catch Us gettin how we live on Discovery Channel You gotta be a snake that creep and know how to survive pussy cats got nine lives, dogs like me got one life so we gotta manage it  We feel threatened by anything we gotta handle it We living scandalous (Chorus)  [animal and jungle sounds at the end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Juvenile Album: It's All On U Vol. 1 Song: Round My Way Typed by: HotBoi226@aol.com [B.G.] UPT baby, this how we do around my way Niggas struggle, they struggle and they hustle But you cant knock the hustle, feel this Nigga, I be comin wit dat drama that you cant even duck Buck, buck, off the top, nigga you cant even duck Baby Gangsta, heart stopper, car stopper I tote this chopper, I'm quick to stop ya You heard that I'll drop ya I'm runnin wit some killas, we'll break it on down Yo click think they an organization, we'll take it on down Uptown in '97, it's the place to be They packin M-11's nigga and 223 Erase faces all day, AKs get sprayed That's how it be goin down around my way V.L., UPT, The ward? 13th I represent no matter what, respect or check me Let me live through round 1, and it's all on you I retaliate, you think the statue of liberty fall on you Valence snort so much 'til they nose get sore It's time to graduate, bags aint doin the job no mo' Now a needle and some dope, tap dat green vein Smoke blunts sometime, it's all about that bank My heart don't pump lemonade, it pump battery juice Make me pump the trigga finga up when I'm after you Now I strap a big dick by the Girbaud sign You heard I'm fuckin yo bitch, so you grabbin yo 9 Movin up like you got it on yo mind Flexin up for that pussy, you must don't mind dyin I leave ya folks cryin, you wont take out the policy It's 50 G, it's accidental so it increase to hundred G And when it come, proper I'm louder, popper Around my way [Juvenile] Nigga, you must be real in the UPT You would wanna be packin that steel in the UPT I know you heard that them youngstas creep in the UPT Niggas be leavin them white sheets in the UPT [B.G.] My block is hot wit killas, ATF be hittin Niggas slangin and snortin, if we spittin we splittin I put G's on the map, leave brains in laps I hit da stage with drama, startin niggas to scrap See my hood straight thugged out You in my hood slippin, nigga you get drugged out Ya body layin there, but ya spirit is shoved out On V.L., it's hell when the coke drought, you assed out When you hear my name, nigga, you hear my street, nigga When you hear my street, nigga, you think six feet deep You think six feet deep 'cause you know I kill You spot me comin up the block, I'm in black wit a sparkle grill You see, we tote macks, Glocks, and choppers Playin wit them hoes, nigga slip we got ya Rest in Peace, Hooley Hoo, 13 'til death Thug 'til he die, now my nigga at rest Runnin ounces by the half, birds by the half Whatever you want we have, chumps we got it on the half My people Big Stan, Uptown open shop Funky Fades and Trimmings, 10 dollars a whop If you real you make it, fake yo ass get shookin Fo' you can look, you hit bitch, yo life get tookin If you think, stay put, or feel the fire from the K If you aint from Uptown, stay from round my way [Juvenile] Nigga, you must be real in the UPT You would wanna be packin that steel in the UPT I know you heard that them youngstas creep in the UPT Niggas be leavin them white sheets in the UPT [B.G.] Around my way nigga hustle, from crooked cops we fled Niggas struggle to support they habit, gotta keep that monkey fed Catchin cases every week, misdemeanors and felonies Playin hatin is a disease, gotta beware of jealousy If you ball then you hated on If you do bad dats what bitch niggas done waited on Caveman, dats my nigga bitch Mook brother Pete we on Valence 'cause we all in the click Man Pookie took a fall, this ho tryin to rott ya Nigga I got ya, just stay click tight wit all the partnas I'ma watch ya, Hooley Hoo nigga did 'em foul I had to watch 'em get pulled out from under a fuckin house He didn't diserve it Joe Casey is an old G I take his advice, he one of the old G's on Valence street Funk and Clarence upstate, but hey gon' touch down Soon as ya thinkin, think hustlin down uptown Ya think we aint, Lil Baby just hit the street >From that 13th, took a lil cake, now the nigga see what I see He down wit me My nigga Pete just got 2 years, he gon' survive But Lil Popeye lookin at 5, that aint shy Nigga gon' bring noise like a drummer Everybody gettin outta jail, it's gon' be a hot summer Better dare yo thinkin and be ready to spray If not... You gon' get bucked down nigga, around my way [B.G.] Aww, man I just got one more verse The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Hot Boys Album: It's All On U Vol. 2 Song: 6 Figure Typed by: hot_boyz@mail.com [B.G.] It's me, the B.G., doin' my thang Lettin' 'em hang, I represent bangity-bang I gettin' off into shit you can not handle I'm settin' it off in this bitch, thinkin' of scandals 'Bout my paper, 5 figures and up with the red beam Dealers and thugs on my team with many 14's Hittin' your home up, hittin' at everything movin' Lookin' and losin', startin' chaos and confusion I'm bruisin' your whole family, dress 'em up in dark colors Then come to your funeral in two Hummers That's me, Baby Gangsta, spark in the day Come out the funeral home, you get hit at walkin' away I'm in to grow, legend with rights, I don't been enticed To greab the K and let it spray, put an end to a nigga life My nigga TD gettin' high wit' me Out that 13, straped up he ride or die wit' me I was in the 'Nolia, lookin' for that killa guerilla I know my nigga gangsta got it on wild willa Uptown consist of drug dealers, and thugs For the junkies got no love It's like this, play pussy you catch a slug Drug though the mud, once it's dead it's done Hand on my gun cause I don't give a muthafuck I'm a head buh-uh-busta, I never truh-uh-trust a bitch Make sure I gotta silent 4-5, if this nigga snitch Get me in the fix, and I can't snitch out the mix Just gimme tree lives, double them so I got six Ain't that some shit, wanna see me assed outta luck Bet I ain't trippin', cause I don't give a muthatfuck [Lil' Wayne] I be catchin' a nigga corner, rippin' through a nigga street Hot Boys they ride with me, like a preist, five deep Windows tinted, clips extened, drum lettin' Bustin' lead 'n, real 'n, Hot Boy$ don't forget it Leave every porch wet 'n, brains all over the step 'n Disrespectin' the whole neighborhood block wettin' Step in, the section, uh-of the Hot Boy$ Full of the 'dro, and ride and chop you whole spot boy Better watch boy, where you be at cause I'm a hit at, three flat You want beef, I'ma beef at, make it hot, I'ma crease that Camoflauge to the 'Boks, pop off clips in the glocks Make sure all choppers cocked, start a quake, shake the whole block Take the tip of the jo, kick down the front door Run from front to back bustin', Terius cut his wife throat I'ma play it how it go, hold a black connect sho' We went to school for this, we spend bins like a pro Go chill with the Joe, Say wodie let's get loaded Blow a pound with my round, 50 shot'll get me toted I'ma wet your bin, hit your house, unlock ten Boy you can't win I let chopper bullets spin [Turk] Don't fuck with bitch niggaz, 226 bout the real Them niggaz who paper chase, go in the dark and pack that steal You ain't hear about the young thugs,  The Hot Boys, that's who the are Run that shit blow for blow, hoes be bout catchin' that nut Nigga don't think cause we young, we ain't ridin' or dyin' too Down with black connection to the finish, we bout killin' niggaz too Spend your bin quickly, make you suffer, die slowly You hit enough, I'm about to down, play the scenery Big ol' Expedition's, do some dirt in it tonight Five choppers for who lost, kill a nigga, we just might Bitch niggaz get left flat, like a flat rat in the street Abunch of young head spliters, like K.C. and B.G. Fuck the police, cause we spray them too Pop the cop or go down, cause we ain't down with that crew Get caught up in the crossfire, best believe It's All On U +Ohh, it ain't my fault+, I done what I had to do Give a fuck about no nigga, that nigga don't give a fuck about me Any chance he get he gon' take it, try to sweep me off my feet That's why I keep my eyes wide, nigga cross that line they gon' die Leave your families clueless, and questionin' why 4-4 bull dogs bark loud, chopper moves crowds Innocent bystanders watch out, them lil thugs act wild [B.G.] I'm a ride or die-er, smoke nothin' but that fire-ya Keep all my hoes cause I'm a liar Neighborhood uh-hotter that a toaster, ridin' MoMo's  and I'll roast a deal what's on my old poster,  if I pull it out my holster You sopposed'a, respect a nigga like me I'm gettin' closer and closer to the T-O-P I'm H-O-T, bitches say I'm a D-O-G I'm on surveilance all day be the S-P-D's In my heart I feel, fuck the police Cause in they hear they feel, fuck it,  try to keep a nigga off the street Who? Not I, nigga, the trillest B.G. Lots'a money, and the best attourney speak for me And I speak and represent for the U.P.T. I creep, and get bent with VL Street I' slang heat, any day, noise I bring Feel I can't be bat any day, I'm a Hot Boy, I let 'em hang Far as they can, cause I'm a thug to the fullest Pistol in my hand, trigga I pull it 'til there's no more bullets I ain't the one to be repped on Who whole block get stepped on If they outside, when I'm ride, I'ma ride 'til there's no more gas I'ma ride 'til I put you on your muthafuckin' back I'm in all black, behind the skuh-uh-skimask It ain't no way that you could last I'm comin' like the task force, I blast with full force I'm sorry if your grandparents on the porch They All 'N [Juvenile] Even if I don't get no taller I'ma always be a CMB baller, smokin' blunts in the hallway I'm skinny yeah, weighin' 'bout 155 But believe I could tote a chopper, believe bitches could die Now play with the man, full of that dope with a K in his hand Don't want hear what'cha sayin' just don't be here when I sprayin' How you gon' do it, we could handle that no secret Boy, I'll put some change on you head take you off the street quick Look, I got a Mack-90 that won't quit I got clique foll of some njiggaz bout that funk shit So what you want, get you dome split You home hit, jeopardized Niggaz spendin' a bin in camoflauge I'ma top knot shot caller, from the clique CMB Ballers Fuckin' niggaz daughters, got my shit sittin' on Brawlers I'm mad boy, with this clique I'ma act a ass boy It's cash boy, I don't think you could last boy I'm bout to pull some out the hall type shit Some Steven Seagal type shit Some *cgghh* knife shit Don't think you niggaz feelin' that 226 Behind me the crucifix, chop or get chopped, split or get split Doogie, Lil Wayne, Lil Turk, Lil Terius, better tell 'em These niggaz are felons, "HOT BOY" be which we yellin' Right know you close to the devil, and your lip gon' get you hurt Picture this, three ways gon' tear up your turf The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Lil' Wayne, Juvenile Album: It's All On U Vol. 2 Song: I'm Tryin' Typed by: markthomas@netalpha.net Verse One: B.G. I'm tryin' to do right But I'm surrounded by wrong Avoid the all night flight And still make it on my own I'm tryin' be cool  Do what I gotta do But playa haters all over So I roll with my crew I'm tryin' stay over And just stay my ass in school Ain't many choices to choose And this rap game I can't refuse I wanna win don't want to be the one to loose My pistol my only friend Cause busters try to bring the blues Leavin brains with no clues Spin the ben in black clothes They tryin' ta' take my only life Leave my folks on the front row Bury me in providence Heavy weight that rose They wanna steal the B.G. Now tell me Alton Ain't that cold What can I do  Now what can I do to get out the game What can I do  Now what can I do to make change Every other day around my way niggas dyin' Hours flyin I want to go straight boy I'm tryin' -Chorus- (Juvenile) I'm tryin' to shake the monkey off of me Lord please let me go where I needs to be Ball 'till I fall it's a poor family Fo' sho' I know the future got a lot of stuff for me Verse Two: B.G. I'm tryin' to get my mail straight Sell cd's and tapes I don't want to be jail bait Niggas want to kill me And increase the hell rate They almost got me But I slip the spot it was too late I wanna be a role model for my lil' brother And buy a fifteen room manison for my mother Settle down wit' a silent hoe  And drop a tight seed So I can raise another uptown B.G. Just like me I'ma give 'em but I wish had a dad He goin' be smart and bad nigga Throwin' up a solga rag This world is kurupted The police is crooked My boy was runnin with a ??? gun His young life they took it This ??? is rotten Everyday it get's colder They throwin' away the key Sendin' the soldiers to angoula My round slangin' that yola With they hand on that iron To keep my mind right Beleive nigga I'm tryin' -Chorus- Verse Three: Lil' Wayne I'm tryin' to be a man at fourteen Choppin iron at fourteen' Nigga that tells my only way  (B.G.: Look where you stand at fourteen)  A lil' bity something Whuckin, representin' partners Ain't to good in my neighborhood Uptowns my partner I ain't lie i'm tryin  To go the right way But the night flight way Just ain't the right way I wan' be a gangsta but also wan' live So I choose to be a uptown HotBoy hard to kill Sittin' behind the cruiser wheel  Can't even see me I'm so lil' And you expect me to give this Just to switch to positive As hard as I'm tryin' do it I just can't make a shape School I'm tryin' go through it but I just can't make a shape Gettin' in beef that resultin' into serious gun slangin Do good I want yeah but on half i just keep hangin' I'm lookin for a change but change ain't lookin for me Will I remain a B.G.  Or a A student We'll see -Chorus- 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. (Baby Gangsta) f/ Juvenile, Lil' Wayne Album: It's All On U Vol. 2 Song: Ride or Die Typed by: HotBoi226@aol.com [B.G.] Uptown is my home, thats where I do my dirt I either hurt or get hurt It's me or you on that shirt Cant let no nigga fix me Cant let no nigga get me I'ma draw and hit first, I cant let no nigga split me Had my momma upset Nigga, leave my ho pussy wet I'm goin out with a fight, my chopper bullets eject  I gets blowed and start Ready to unload at war  No witnesses  You cant get on the stand and say you saw nothin bout nothin Keep it shut or you dead If you cant hush, open your mouth and you'll get ten in your head That's how I play it nigga, I'll blackmail you wit you rown life It aint right, disrespect you die on site  That aint no might, that's a fact You can believe that Instead disrespect, i promise to be back And clear the corner, you cant run, dont try I'm high, bout mine ready to ride or die bitch [Lil Wayne] Load it up with black gats and macs Pay attention to gun blastin  And fake buster harassin Smashin, dashin up yo street wit all the lights out  Two choppers cocked ready to knot  And chop up yo block Lock all doors and keep windows closed Cause we done rolled before So stay on the floor We ride deep in the all black camaro Sittin on mo's  And we rolls tokin on fat optimos You chose to test those uptown boys You done got on a straight ride and cant get off Lets all get a stolen car And roll through they ward When it's dark We spark, pull up then draw You done falled in war Got in a big brawl Thought hard but you wrong So you still get scarred Y'all boys done played wit some all out kill niggas Jump in hot cars, cut the deck then deal niggas Still niggas for testin these big lil niggas Still niggas for messin with these real trill niggas Young niggas, chopper totin big gun niggas Front nigga and live your life on the run nigga Stunt nigga and get plugged, drug through the mud Puddles of blood flood You cant swim so you done Niggas start to look And see the all black crook Some booked, some get high Some hot on one foot Spots gettin took, whole bodies gettin dropped Niggas hop, jock, and flock  When I hit they block (Chorus) So ride or die bitch Chop or get chopped ho B.G., split or get split Play the game how it go(4x) [Juvenile] Why is you sayin them words, bo janglin, why dont you show yo face Would you dust me or somthin, you must know you gonna catch a case I'm a straight head bust ya Seperate and destruct ya Dont wanna have no Juvey wanna make a ghost or few What am I'm supposed to back down or somthin cause you got a lil click All that frownin and reppin shit Gone get ya down in a devil ditch Never miss, I be drivin niggas wit cleverness Momma used to say this Use your mind and stay rich Pops used to say boy dont let them niggas see your weakness If a fool get outta line with you knock him off his feet quick Why is you showin yo teeth you dont speak Stay on your side of the street, you cant be mobb'n with me  I cant have no bitches followin me Gotta Mac-10 and you aint even bust back And your boy got hit in the back  What type of nigga is that (Hook) That's why I stay in all black Get the Mac and go back You done fucked wit C-M-R-ah They'll be no tommorrow(2x) (Chorus) [B.G.] Get you a chopper and tote it Dont just buy it to have it Nigga have it to use it Better grab it and shoot it Better know one thing nigga will do it to you Before you do it to them to survive, gotta be true Nigga think just cause we squashed that beef, thats it You might be thinkin like me, I think forgive and dont forget  I gotta trick under my sleeve Ridin four deep wit artillary Me and Tootie, Papa, and Cleeve  It's an unsolved mystery I'm a fly til I got ya, yo peoples eyes watery  I hit a artery Bein real to CMB, it's a part of me  Cross me I charge you wit some flamin hot heat  Two twenty-three blazed all in yo chest Brain waves you dazed up You see death stare you straight in your face Get waked up cause I left ya stretch for the hurse I take no chance for you to ride, nigga I ride first (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Bun B, Juvenile, Ms. Tee Album: Chopper City/It's All On U Vol. 1 Song: Retaliation Typed by: Ltsjet@aol.com First Verse: [Juvenile] Scraped my elbow jumpin' the fence Creepin' through the grass camoflauged lookin' for them Cowards, non-believers, contradictors, I'm comin' to get ya You try to frame me without the picture Shit, I'm obligated, to be a Juvenile for life It don't change robbin' shit in this game I know you heard about that 7th ward, 9th and the rest But who's down to knock a head off and wear a vest? Take a flight through that Nolia and then see who represent Not with them thugs ridin' wearin' them black reebok tennis Niggas fifteen, sixteen, seventeen Slangin' iron from that Josephine through that Melphanine And would do almost anything to prove himself relentless Like, a murder job and forgettin' the consequences Hustlin' through the brick walls avoidin' the feds Pushin' the dope steady duckin' blue eyes and curly heads And he got caught and then start, runnin' with yo peers Got swole and been home and now you back out chea And that boyd that cha shot, brothas hangin' on the block You don't know him but he know ya look you bout to get got BOW!!!!!! Laid out in cold blood on the Ave. Here comes the paramedics media and crime lab Understand this is all he know and it's all he see Which is why they known to be a Juvenile just like me Would'ja see that my words were a little bit cold a little bit trife Down with Tec Mafia Juvenile fa life Chorus: [Ms. Tee] Niggas.......they comin' to get'cha You betta watch ya back before they muthafuckin' split cha (3x) Second Verse: [B.G.] Ain't that cold? I heard a nigga, downed my nigga My partna just paged me and say they found my nigga It's a bust back thang can't be no hoes I got a hundred rounds plus for my Calico Fa sho we get's busy, and leave that ass fonky Full of that monkey and we don't to act a donkey I'ma go get in my all black fit, when I come just sit Cuz if ya sit cha hit, if ya split cha split If you die, you die Take it ten for one, wave bye-bye wave bye-bye You done took mine, I'ma take yearn This is what'cha earn, chopper bullets burn S.K. trigga clicker, the blunt-smoker lighter flipper Paper chaser for six figures bout my issue I'm get to split cha, get cha if you in my way I'ma deal wit'cha, muthafucka take a picture I'll wax that ass then tax on my yay Today if play I lay with the A.K. To spray and lay down the snaps I get down Niggas can't touch what me and Bun puttin' down Now down and pump round and distribute kees You sleep six feet I tear down the whole street Wear down the family they grieve because ya flat Bust ya head up leave ya deader yo blood redder I done fucked ya set down nigga hut Nigga what keep ya mouth shut retalitation is a must Chorus Third Verse: [Bun B] Dead ass nigga don't fail, no yellin', hit the door it never fail Shippin' his ass off to Hell, still the killas left behind him Can't find him cuz the nine flatlined him Now Mister, murda master for the lastin' Niggas tryed to swerve it past her, turned into a nervous bastard The blaster the Cash Money clique'll shoot em up And me all we had to do was boot em up He got the buck now who the fuck want it? I can't see it happen, clips be clappin' Cappin' you til' you see through Bitch go ask B3 too how we do Cuz me, you to one equals people,  Retaliation also known as the sequel It's X-rated, cuz the clique's made ten and now you throw the bitch Like I got no fuckin' sense, and I don't so take that A dead ass nigga can't talk, wave or blink back Click! Snapshot, to me your rap's not That hot like a fat rock off a crack spot In the back got a stable,  That's able to crack a bitch with a conference table Then choke her wit a jumper cable A Chiefer that stay reefer mo blunted One time a hoed stunted  We beat that bitch and right now no more frontin' Niggas actin' all shitty, gettin' no pity Cuz my niggas actin' pretty showin' many from our city Retalitation nigga Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Big Tymers, Hot Boys Album: Chopper City in the Ghetto Song: Bling Bling Typed by: Caddy24@aol.com Verse One: Baby Nigga I got these hoes iced up enough While my lil B.G.'s on the bus puttin out cigarette butts But me personally playboy I don't give a fuck  And I'ma always show love to my cut Hit the club light tha bitch up The Cash Money motto we got to drank til we throw up Nigga point the hoe out guaranteed I can fuck Wootay I'm tattooed and barred up Medallion iced up, Rolex bezelled up And my pinky ring is platinum plus Earrings be trillion cut And my grill be slugged up My heart filled with anger cause nigga I don't give a fuck Stack my chesse up Cause one day I'm a give this street life up Beef I don't discuss A nigga outta line gone get his motherfuckin head bust Cash Money Millionaires plus Don't touch sum'in nigga you can't fuck Twenty inches TV is a must By the year two thousand I'm gut out my bus Verse Two: Lil' Turk A lil nigga seventeen playin with six figures Got so much ice you can skate on a nigga When you see cash money you know you stay flossin Catch cha girl down bad ya know we straight tossin I aint seen a click yet that can stunt like mine I aint seen a marette that can run like mine 1999, and it's our turn to shine Fifty or better on our wrist and they all blind Pourin vodka til I die drank til I faint Til a nigga tell me I need another drank My nigga Baby told me work nigga trick to them hoes Nigga Baby told me work nigga better than treatin yo nose I'm the freak of the click Keep it on the tuck so I creep on a bitch And I play it on the raw never sleep with a bitch Keep it real with my niggaz Never weep for a bitch (Chorus) Lil' Wayne 2# Bling bling Everytime I come around yo city Bling bling Pinky ring worth about fifty Bling bling Everytime I buy a new ride  Bling bling Lorinsers on Yokahama tires Bling bling Verse Thre: Manny Fresh It's the nigga with tha Lex bubble Candy coated helicopter with tha leather cover If ya suckin' not fuckin' take off the rubber Then toss that bitch nigga cause I don't love her Balla, Manny bought a private plane Then turned around and sold that bitch to Juve and Wayne They put 30 inch lorenzos on that thang man I know you niggaz out there just don't understand Verse Four: Juvenile I'm a 1999 driver I'm a uptown third ward magnolia T.C. driver Ol ignorant ass always stunting Big ballin ass nigga you can see him when he comin Booted up, diamond up Golds be shinnin' up Muthafuckas be blindin' up Niggas at the second line be sayin, "I'll be damned" Up in they best fits sayin, "Juve got me damn" (Chorus) 2x Verse Five: B.G. I be that nigga with the ice on me If it cost less than twenty it don't look right on me I stay flossed out all through the week My money long if you don't know I'm the B.G. I be fuckin niggaz bitches all in they home Niggaz be like, "Look at that Benz on all that chrome" Diamonds worn by everybody thats in my click Man I got the price of a mansion 'round my neck and wrist My nigga Baby gettin' a special built machine A Mercedes Benz 700 V14 I know you niggaz can't believe that I can't wait to see ya haters face when ya see that Man look at that Niggaz wear shades just to stand on side of me Folks say take that chain off boy ya blindin me All day my phone ringin bling bling bling Can see my earring from a mile bling bling (Chorus) 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Big Tymers, Hot Boys Album: Chopper City in the Ghetto Song: Bling Bling (Radio Remix) Typed by: coreydt@bellsouth.net Verse One: Baby (Big Tymers) Man I got these broads iceing it up While my lil B.G.s on the bus puttin' out cigarette butts But me personally playboy I done had bad luck  And I'm a always show love to my cut Hit tha club light tha lights up The Cash Money motto is to drank 'til you throw up Point the broad out guaranteed I can pluck Cause Wodie I'm tattooed and barred up Medallion iced up  Rolex bezelled up And my pinky ring is platinum plus Earrings be trillion cut And my grill be slugged up My heart filled with anger lost, stranded as a youngster Stack my chesse up Cuz oneday I'm a give this street life up Beef I don't discuss Wodie outta line wodie gone get his head bust Cash Money millionaires plus Don't touch broad if you can't pluck the broad Twenty inches with t.v.'s is a must By the year two thousand Lil' Wayne gone tear this game up Verse Two: Lil Wayne (Hot Boys) Boss B, slow down in the Jag you lost me You know how slow the new Rolls Royce be The number one rapper, dippin low low In a compressor sippin mo-mo Spend a lotta cheddar, look My click couldn't be betta I'm married to C.M.R. baby Love it or leave it Drop tops when it's hot Strech hummer's when it's not Light up the whole block when You glance at my watch It's Wayne baby, thugged out won't change baby I'll do your main lady, in a blue navigaty That's game baby, you can call me a game shooter But since I drive a bubble people call me Lex Luger I pull up in a expedition they be like ah no,no,no he didn't Tattoes and fast cars, Do you know who we are? I'm Lil' Weezy puttin down for C.M.R. (Chorus) Repeat Bling bling Everytime I come around yo city Bling bling Pinky ring worth about fifty Bling bling Everytime I buy a new ride  Bling bling Lorenzos on Yokahama tires Bling bling Verse Three: Manny Fresh (both) It's the playa with tha Lex bubble Candy coated helicopter with tha leather cover If ya slirppin' not _______' take off the rubber Then toss that broad cuz I don't love her Balla, Manny bought a private plane Then turned around and sold that thang to Juve and Wayne They put 30 inch lorenzos on that thang man You lil kids out there just don't understand Verse Four: Juvenile (Hot Boys) I'm a 1999 driver I'm a uptown third ward Magnolia T.C. rider Ole ignorant boy always stun'n Big ballin' cahouney's you can see him when he comin' Booted up  Diamond up Golds be shinnin' up All them diamonds be blindin' up People at the second line be sayin' I be damn Up in they best fits sayin' Juve got me damn (Chorus) 2x Verse Five: B.G. (Hot Boys) I be that playa with the ice on me If it cost less than twenty it don't look right on me I stay flossed out all through the week My money long if you don't know I'm the B.G. I be dealin with your girl all in your home Haters be like look at that benz on all that crome Diamonds worn by everybody thats in my click Man I got the price of a mansion 'round my neck and wrist My nigga Baby gettin' a special built machine A mercedes benz seven hundred B 14 I know you haters can't believe that I can't wait to see ya bustas face when ya see that Man look at that Girls wear shades just to stand on side of me They say take that chain off boy ya blindin' me All day my phone ringin' bling bling bling Can see my earring from a mile bling bling (Chorus) 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Juvenile Album: Chopper City in the Ghetto Song: Dog Ass Typed by: coreydt@bellsouth.net  (B.G.) Ohh man, you fuck that girl friend Verse 1: (Juvenile) Girl look at you, with you big fine A$$ What you need to do is let a nigga get behind that I'm find that spot for you, make it drip Once it get wet enough for me, I'm let it rip Now bring it to me, toot it up, don't grab me She said ooh woo, you doing that daddy Now take it out, put it where it should be I don't want nothing but mouth you understood me I'll hit you with the knuckle hoe, I'm from the 3 (3rd Ward) Where they say fuck a hoe, fuck a hoe, what I mean is Get your it right hoe or that's you issue I been holla at your potna so a nigga ain't gone miss u Good rittens, matter fact if she don't know how to act She gone be on the next thing smoking So How U Luv Dat BGEEZY (B.G.) u did that but it's all gravy nigga Let's go get some hood rats! Chorus: (Juvenile) B.G. go on with your Dog A$$ Boy you know you wrong with Dog A$$ (B.G. aka Baby Gangsta) Say Juve you down bad with your Dog A$$ You done fuck that girl friend with your Dog A$$ Verse 2: I play the game how it go A different hoe everynight in my condo I throw dick like Elway throw a football I care less but a bitch I fuck friends and all I'm a nigga that them hoes just can't stand I'm that nigga that hoes want to be their old man, Respect this I have you ridin on renzos in the Benzo (Bens) I beeped your friend have her ducked off in the Maro (Camaro) I'm cut throat, I her you beefin with your sister I give a fuck hoe  Me & Juve two niggas you can't trust  We from Uptown, we like ice on our nuts hoe  That's how the game go, look I fuck you u fuck him we don't care He fuck you fuck me we like this here I toss a Bitch he toss a bitch that's how we ball He ain't right, I ain't right, we both dogs Chorus: Verse 3: (Juvenile & B.G.) Broads I use to fuck with be try'n to get me killed now Now I gotta carry that thing on the battlefield now I could slow down with my girl and try to keep it real now Hoes use to play me close I wonder how they fell now They don't have a man that's gonna help with they bills now Begging me to come back tellin me they gonna chill now You know I got a mill now, climbing up the hill now Shining up my grill now, protected by the steel now (B.G.)  Hoes know Lil Duggey (B.G.) ain't right I fuck you yesterday fucking your best friend tonight I'm a dog it ain't no secret I be grilling bitches You full of that poppa watchout cause I be wilding bitches  I know you go let me slang that dick cause it's mine hoe I know you go let me do my thing I like to shine hoe I know you gone respect my mind and let a nigga ball I know you gone respect my mind and let me be a dog  With my Dog A$$ Chorus: (Juvenile) B.G. go on with your Dog A$$ Boy you know you wrong with Dog A$$ (B.G. aka Baby Gangsta) Say Juve you down bad with your Dog A$$ You done fuck that girl friend with your Dog A$$ (Repeat Once) Cash Money go on with they Dog A$$ They got it goin on with they Dog A$$ The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Juvenile, Turk Album: Chopper City in the Ghetto Song: Knock Out Typed by: Caddy24@aol.com Verse One: Turk In the Lex we gettin blunted Fuckin hoes and countin money Niggas bout anything head bustin and rap hustlin Niggas that seventeen playin wit cake nigga Nigga disrespcetin mine look we pullin triggas Leavin em foul plus me and Juvenile we blastin Nigga ya lights out we aint bout no playin and laughin Whoever try ta stop us from shinnin Four karat choppers out the window start to firing Tag-teamin is a must for me and my rounds I catch one he catch one thats how its goin down Fuckin right we do it once play them hoes like that While I get my dick sucked he hit the bitch from the back We spend cash with each other Toss ass with each other And if a nigga play with us spin a bin with each other Fuckin right We click tight  Nothin come in between               Tommy chopper can fall paper chasin that green Chorus: Juvenile There once was a nigga and his name was Turk He always shot balled and he put in his work Until one dy he was bustin' with a dude Then he hit'em with the K knocked'em ouuta his shoes Verse Two: B.G. B.G. and Turk on fire true H.B.s In my down low Camaro blowin' them weeds Its a must we stay vest up cuz we worth a lot of chesse Told them haters we was goin' nation they didn't believe Ca$h Money worth figuers and it aint no joke We aint never been no hoe So run up in ya smoke I tote a chopper in the trunk 9 and Mac on the seat Tuesday and thursday I lay low task force on they sweep On Sunday I'm out shinnin' On the lake on crome straight blindin' Me and my round off in Whispers Big Tymin' Ask them hoes where the bar ya thank I'm lyin'  At our concerts in helicopters we flyin' Aint no secret niggas hatin' niggas dyin' Chorus: Juvenile There once was a nigga name Baby G (B.G.) He drove around town with a 223 Until oneday he was bustin' with a dude So he hit'em with the K and knocked'em outta his shoes Verse Three: Hot Boys B.G.: Playin' with us nigga off top we'll hurt cha    Me and the lil Turksta down ta fuckin' twerk ya Turk: They got a lot of niggas hatin' on me and the B.G.    Get in our way we'll smoke ya leave ya wet in the street B.G.: AKs and SK rifles I tote them    Playa hata and balla blocka I smoke them Turk: Now when we ride we ride fly stunt like a Ac (Acura)    We love ta shine get down and dirty in black B.G.: I ride in sharp cars and I make a lot of feddi   Ya need years ta prepare ta fade me ya aint ready Turk: We'll leave ya block shook    Fuck ya hoe and get a hook    Nigga who try sizin' up get they life took B.G.: I don't play dawg I got a resume to prove it    Rub me the wrong way I'ma draw down and start shootin' Turk: For my nigga I'll blast be the first ta hit the set   Cock back the Mac and let bullets eject Chorus: Juvenile There once was some niggas out the CMB  Some out the mario some out that wild T.C. Until one day they was bustin with some dudes So they hit em with the K knocked em outta they shoes Uh knocked em outta they shoes T.C. nigga knocked em outta they shoes V.L. nigga knocked em outta they shoes They knocked em outta they shoes Hot Boy$ knocked em outta they shoes B.G. knocked em outta they shoes Nigga Turk knocked em outta they shoes The H.B.s knocked em outta they shoes My nigga Baby knocked em outta they shoes My nigga Manny knocked em outta they shoes Knocked em outta they shoes Knocked em outta they shoes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (B.G) f/ Bullet, Juvenile Album: Chopper City in Da Ghetto (Import) Song: My Bitches Typed by: xzibit47@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse One: Bullet] No bitch is a bitch until she suck my dick When she do that that makes her a dirty bitch {you hesrd} I love bitches who such my dick and make me scream do it good while they sucking my wood and eating my cum while saying yum, yum, yum Feel me yet? {hit them with something Juvy} [Verse Two: Juvenile] Bitch you suck dick back that ass up You do it real real good why don't you back that ass up Damn I cum in your mouth why don't you back that ass up You like that's girl you ain't no paper chaser You a dick chaser Just the way I like y'all bitches [Chorus:] All you hoes up south licking balls in your mouth All you hoes up north you can suck it back and forth All you hoes up west with my dick between your chest And all you hoes up east put my dick between your teeth [Verse Three: Juvenile] You'se a ugly bitch Ha You went from eating coochie to sucking dick Ha Y'all on my nigga Lu jock Ha Y'all hated him but now can't live with out him Ha Me and Lu hate bitches like y'all Ha Y'all will suck us all night long Ha We got one thing to say get away from me you dirty and back that stankin ass up [Verse Four: Bullet] Y'all bitches wanna hate me then hate me what can I do But keep having suck my dick It's funny I ain't never seen a bitch as worse as you Now y'all saying I'm a clever nigga, nothing to play with but I say something to suck with, Hu! Then the pigeon starts buggin and I tell her bitch-ass to shut the fuck up and to get back on her knees and finish her deeds All you hoes up south licking balls in your mouth All you hoes up north you can suck it back and forth All you hoes up west with my dick between your chest And all you hoes up east put my dick between your teeth The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Lil' Wayne, Juvenile Album: Chopper City in the Ghetto Song: Niggas N Trouble Typed by: Caddy24@aol.com Verse 1: Lil' Wayne Its Lil' Wayne (Lil' Wayne) on tha wall brain spilla Grave filla Who me untamed gorilla I be thugged out Dead bodies drugged out Throw the slugs out Love don't live here anymore I atillery dawg Came wit many foes Spend ya benz is twenty slow Get to tha house kick in tha door You done pissed off my crew What yall gone do Look nigga you better put a zip on yo trap Or you will get trapped When I creep through tha black in tha black on black Niggas be stumblin' And crumblin'  When we come They get curled up  Tear they world up When we come Now Slim and B with me Juve and B.G. with me Turk and Manny with me The CMB with me They lettin' loose Nigga be bout cha issue get lost in gun smoke Now I'm hangin' out the window screamin' there I go Me and my niggas in the 98 black Volvo And the diamonds bezeled ready I yes this me Ride with us come see Live with us HB What what (echo) (Chorus) 3x (B.G.) Niggaz in trouble cuz the Hotboy$ behind the trigger (Juvenile) You don't want a soldier you know we some guerillas (B.G.) Niggaz in trouble cuz the Hotboy$ is comin' through (Juvenile) Betta move or prepare to do what cha gotta do Verse 2: Juvenile I can't believe this these boys is playin' with me I'm bout ta freeze this I keep that K with me A nigga done played it raw thinkin' Ima hit that doe Gave the boy my lil change and I aint seen his face no moe What do you call that there playin' a nigga ha dawg The nigga thank its gravy but I'm bout ta break his block off When you see them boys you know I'm bustin' out ta druggin' out Don't be askin' who that is boy you better get the fuck Muthafucka could be located nigga could be touched I'll stab ya ass up And its up by the cut I keep my rees(reeboks) strapped on tight My mac ring all night People call the police cuz the say they can't sleep right Them lil muthafuckas be makin' that noise Them lil muthafuckas be slangin' it boy Them lil muthafuckas be in them hallways Them lil muthafuckas be bustin' all day My first word was God bless me and my crew  My last word was bitch let a nigga through I observe, the shit that muthafuckas do You got nerve, what if this shit happen to you Like the proverb, and it aint nothin' but that boom Now you got tha urge, to go and kill a nigga too But remember this  You started this So finish this When you grab yo shit You betta make sure that he hit (Chorus) 3x Verse 3: B.G. Everybody grab yo shit and slide it back Uptown is goin' down tonite cha bout that If not go yo bitch ass inside lock the door To be safe bullets come through if so get on the floor Me and my niggas got our black on ready ta ride We head huntin' so somebody's gonna die Homicide on tha scene three niggas pronounced smoked The HotBoy$ did that that clique there aint no joke We don't carry choppers for decoration nigga We carryin' ta send niggas on vactions nigga Takin' me ta play wit that aint a good solution I'm dust out cuz I done have a grab mike he tootin' Shootin' at niggas head tryin' ta knock it off Its a dirty game so I gotta play it raw In this warfield nigga you gotta be a killa Cuz on tha reala Nothin' out here but some gorillas My mind made up ta ride I'ma ride What I'm after nigga ta bust his ass he gone die Don't cry nor poppa plead now its too late Actin' like a bitch how is you gone get duct tape Tear'em up Juve don't kill'em now we gone wait Throw acid on his feet skeet gas all in his face Show'em how it feel ta disrespect a HB Show'em how we torture in tha UTP We got no love if ya outside tha clique nigga You get fucked over like a bitch nigga We gone play it real nigga do it like tha mob Cut his tongue out and stamp it mail it to his mom (Chorus)2x (B.G.) Niggaz in trouble (Juvenile) Niggaz in trouble (To End) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Hot Boys Album: Chopper City in the Ghetto Song: Play'n it Raw Typed by: Caddy@aol.com [Talking] B.G. I don't play  Shit real nigga This cut throat gotta play it raw Verse:1 Lil' Turk Gettin' killed aint no thang in the N.O. Some people live some people get smoked Life trap get crossed up by them dog hoes Like shit get masked out over dog hoes Really doe Bullet holes be so big Innocent bystanders get hit even little kids Niggas be lookin' like they at a shootin' range Don't give a fuck who they hittin' they just do they thang Bullets be coastin' like birds in a flock Hit yo block With camouflage nigga gone get got A hundred shots flippin' you can get away Gettin' chopped losin' they life by the A.K. Everyday niggas at war niggas dyin' Thats yo ass if you don't have it on yo waste line Kickin' N.O.playin' by no rules realah  Like B.G. whatever you do its all on you realah Verse:2 Juvenile It musta been meant for me ta be rich Only my dead niggas could of live to see this I appreciate what the lord gave to me But I don't appreciate is how these niggas be hatin' me What is it is it the car is it the jewels Is it the shoes Or do you want to see what a nigga gone do I know a nigga plottin' up ta jack me Or nab me Thats why when I ride on my lap be The strap piece Don't try ta jam one tha oneway dawg Look cuz you aint gettin' away without no gunplay fall You gone be in a hospital a.k.a. we never close In a morge with a tag on yo toe Believe this fuck with me I aint gone let it go I'm a preach this up until the moment i'm on momo I follow my first rhyme cuz at no second chance of life Either niggas out cha bustin' heads for stripes Bullshit I aint for it so get cha business I'm a hurt one of you bitches Let the lord be my witness Verse:3 Lil' Wayne What yall don't know Lil' Wayne the nigga from hind ta grow Quick ta strap up and ride play the blunt and lets go (what) What yall niggas thank Wayne aint bad Lil' baby boy thuggin' tote a K foe sag I be up in all black behind the ski mask Outside ya complex duckin' waitin' ta blast I'll kick yo ass if too many questions And I'll catch a nigga cut with two S.Ks. Yall fake like two large silicon breasts What you forgot head busts leave bloody messes I leave dreadlocks in ya tennis Buck, boys better lay it down when i'm spittin' Put it like this in the primetime of the night you can try ta come in But cha can't go and split it ha ha (laughing) get it Better watch and ya mentionin' fluid ya mouth Better rearrange ya system Yall niggas want beef look and what  Me and Lil' Tolie in tha fire lettin' tha cash buck So what ya scared now ha punk leave tha street Beat cha meat Do sumin get from 'round me Lil shy you really thank its a game bruh Let me show ya when them hotboys play tha game raw (what) Verse:4 B.G. Ya got some keys I come ta duct tape ya and rope ya Stay low  My chopper gone let loose and super soak ya fa sho I gets low down and dirty for my cheese Ya know B.G. roll with 'bout it H.Bs. We strapped Get flipped up around and get kidnapped Where its at Don't bring me to a bukah you'll get capped Its like that I won't mine just like you want yurn I gotta get my shine on cuz I feel like its my turn Fuck a bitch My money is way more important I'm behind tha tints On a mission tryin' ta get it And I won't stop 'til I got it all in one pile The got a hit over a nigga head for fifteen thou I'm goin' out  To tha house  Where he lay at I'm goin' prawl around the club where he play at I'm a get with him  Split him Put his heart in a jar Go get his bitch from the bar Collect my money from the boss I play it raw nigga (Chorus) Lil' Wayne Hot Boy$ play tha game raw nigga Hot Boy$ play tha game raw nigga Hot Boy$ play tha game raw nigga Ya slip up when ya thank its a game Cuz them  Cuz them Hot Boy$ nigga They they play tha game raw nigga What what  Huh huh What Hot Boy$ play tha game raw nigga Hot Boy$ play tha game raw nigga Hot Boy$ play tha game raw nigga Hot Boys play tha game raw nigga Don't slip up play tha game raw nigga Get flipped up play tha game raw nigga Set split up play tha game raw nigga What Hot Boy$ play tha game raw nigga What What  Ha what What what What what Talking: Thats how it is uh huh Its real what Play tha game raw nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Gilly, Juvenile Album: Big Money Heavyweights Song: Back Up Typed by: dtp2inc@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Baby] Aight nigga Fuck it We did it once we gon do it again Hot Boy forever bitch Lets ride nigga [Gilly] B-I-G-T-Y-M-E-R-S Birdman wit the homie Mannie Fresh And Juvenile so you clowns dont arrest Lets do it [Baby] Got a Bentley wit the tags with the millionaire cash Two million on the ice with that gun in my hand Got the beat on the streets and we movin the slaya Porsche truck lift up and a four door Jag Uptown money spots niggas countin they cash No rules in this game niggs doin they thang See me watchin for the people cuz they ready to slang Blowin dro in Bahamas so that pineapple plate Couldnt give us six cars for the money we make Im the king of the chrome get the fuck out my face Im the sun, Im the moon, Im the Benz, Im the whips Im the crib, Im the mouse quiet up in this bitch Smoothe baller 22s in they hip Smoke dro minks, haze and a spliffs Im in the heat of the cloud thats how its goin down A D-boy getting cheddar and Im from uptown [Chorus  Gilly] Always poppin never stoppin Glocks cockin, body droppin Colla poppin, nigga knockin Everybody give me space, back up Everybody give me space, back up Always poppin never stoppin Glocks cockin, body droppin Colla poppin, nigga knockin Everybody give me space, back up Everybody give me space, back up [Mannie Fresh](Gilly) (Why you got that gun nigga?) Cuz I can Woke up in the club with the bitch in my hand Everybody lay down, stay down Im bout to spit this mothafuckin hay round Theres one nigga Im lookin at (you about to get it flat) Everybody else just back back Bustin, fussin, yellin, cussin Fightin, bitin, niggas got to rustilin Throwin big chairs, pushin down stairs Disrespectin hos pullin out weave hairs But this one ho nobody know pull out the fo fo Made niggas lay it down on the floor Thats when the police came The fire engine truck and the ambulance Bitch still bustin shots like Jesse James Big Money Heavyweight nigga I aint playin The bitch was trill caught two to the grill One in the head damn lil one dance Shake! [Chorus  Gilly](Juvenile) Always poppin never stoppin Glocks cockin, body droppin Colla poppin, nigga knockin Everybody give me space, back up Everybody give me space, back up Always poppin never stoppin Glocks cockin, body droppin Colla poppin, nigga knockin (uh uh) Everybody give me space, back up (what what what what) Everybody give me space, back up (look look) [Juvenile] Gimme the roovie Juvie the shooter Try to follow my pandemonium point Im gon lose ya Look around theres some niggas not with me Some of them dead, some of them doin bout 50 UTP you better stand up its the general Bringin back the era of the criminal Look I got my own scene, got my own scheme Got killas so basically Im doin my own thing I drive a 7-6-0 strapped up waitin at the light for the hero Its kinda hot outside niggas done shot blue eyes Thats fucked up cuz my connect dropped me 5 Ima excersize my right to get this cheese I dont have to put in work nigga my bitch will squeeze I aint positive Im a black man So watch your mouth playa cuz you can catch a back hand Heh! [Chorus - Gilly] Always poppin never stoppin Glocks cockin, body droppin Colla poppin, nigga knockin Everybody give me space, back up Everybody give me space, back up Always poppin never stoppin Glocks cockin, body droppin Colla poppin, nigga knockin Everybody give me space, back up Everybody give me space, back up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Lil' Wayne & Juvenile Album: How You Luv That? Song: Cutlass, Monte Carlo's, & Regals Typed by: Sephirth1@aol.com Started with.... Cutlass, Monte Carlo's, & Regals, man To Surburbans, Expeditions, with the T.V.'s playin' Cutlass, Monte Carlo's, & Regals, man To Surburbans, Expeditions, with the T.V.'s playin' [Manny Fresh] In 1988, when my grandfather passed He left me a Monte Carlo and a large amount of cash It was, bubble gum blue with the leather plush seats And I just can't thank you enough for all the stuff that you done, G See my grandmother told me take care of the ride And always do your best to keep it clean inside So I just past the go and get the candy paint Leather white, outta sight, that made the girls faint See my partner, Eric, he got stereos And my partner, Steve got true and bolds And my dog, Black got european fronts And this nigga named Duke hook up all the humps I had a illegal Regal and it was so tight And if ya touch it then a whole civil war was gon' rise So I just count my blessings and I thank the lord For ghetto cars and these broads when times was so hard My grandfather lookin' and I'm ridin' straight Man, I got the Suburban swervin' with the 4 T.V.'s playin' [Lil' Wayne] Hail baby, Cardion and the Kompressor 20 inch cyl-inders on the Lexus Hummer got sound that'll blow your eardrums Lotus with 4 pipes nigga, listen I ride Q5 on factory It don't matter, your ol' lady still after me My name gon' rang all over, dawg Cause I got 6 ties on the Range Rover, dawg Buy a nickel, baby, wha? Live on chrome Buy a nickel, baby, he get his shine on But, hold up, when I pass in the stretch They gotta catch they breath Fresh law, girl, weed hotter than a kitchen In a big Bourbon, VCR's, television El Camino's, twistin' on bees '87 Regals, Impala's, Cherokee's Expeditions, Benzes, Navigator, Humvee's What dawg? Cut dawg, on 17's Woood grain, 15 double o Me and Rabid on momos, lord, bless his soul Now we ridin' up the block, the Caravan Expeditions and Surburbans with the T.V.'s playin' [Baby] Fuckin' right, I used to play in MCT's Nowadays, Playboys ridin' Benzes Back in '87, Maniac mixed tapes Soniac Park, everyday, Super Sunday My homeboy Fresh, done changed the rims He gotta satellite on top to talk to out of state friends '88 was my year, 14 with 12 G's Monte Carlo's ridin' on 18's It's '98 and I done flipped the script Thangs that changed, Baby gotta lotta shit [Juvenile] I ain't gotta lie, nigga like me was ridin' the bus I been to the guy with CMR-ah A nigga was catchin' the cut Them bitches, they won't holla Them niggas, they mo' holla Got all the empower from people I get showered The woman on the porch sayin', Ain't that go Wayne, boy? That boy be on T.V. too, ain't that the same boy?" Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Juvenile  Album: How U Luv That Vol. 1 Song: Try'n 2 Make a Million Typed by: IcebergRep757@cs.com (Juvenile) Do you know what this ballin is, I'm talking bout marble floors Tricks in private jets, hoes behind Rover doors You talked about me bad but what you doin Nothin but walkin round tha projects shoo-shooing  Get mad when I flash tha karats don't want to see me have it I guess tomorrow I'll be smokin a 'gar in Paris My cellular ring, ok let's pick up this change Beeper blowin up, I'm lookin down at tha game I'm steady changin cars so tha feds won't mess wit me Park tha Q 4-5 and hop in tha Cherokee At about 8:30 I'll be rollin in a millennium  Sippin on condact on my way to my condominium  Been rollin livin lavish, eatin in commanders palace  Bitches attracted to tha savage Where niggas is chillin, sleepin in tha Royal Senesta My girlfriend is my berretta, I never left her What you know about them Beamers and Moe-Moe's  Them Lexus 4-doors and them '97 Volvos Hell I might as well buy me a castle instead And get fed some grace by Miss USA  [Hook (Juvenile)] How can I make a million? Without tha feds investigating my building  I know niggas gone try me, I'ma have to kill them But I'ma keep on makin money up until then (Baby) Golds and hoes, niggas doin videos  My everyday wear is Reeboks and Girbauds  Young nigga look I'm smarter than Russell Simmons And I got more money than tha average nigga I done sold coke nigga, I done hit blocks I done sold rocks, tha cheap shit had to stop I had to be tha biggest nigga on VL block So I bust open me a quarter ki spot  Two G's a Q-P, now my block is hot A hundred G's a week nigga, so I couldn't stop Now I done stole me a few ki's  I'm tha only young nigga Uptown frontin Q-P's You don't believe me ask Joe Casey My background coke history speak for me Diamonds and gold all across tha T-O-P And all these hoes wanna ride in my Lexus Jeep If it ain't cheddar or cheese it ain't gravy  And these car stealin hoes stay up off tha street And these playa hatin niggas need to stop passin through tha UPT And all my new hoes gone ride in my Hummer  But I got a top of tha line bitch beside me  And if a nigga fuck up my hoe gone ride for me See I'll put change on my own brain Bitch I spent 50 G's bullet proofin my Hummer man  25 G's on Fresh's Suburban nigga We all pack vests nigga, I know you heard me nigga  Big Rufus got a Tec and a Lex and he flexin  And if a nigga disrespect God gone have to bless em  And let his mom dress em cause it's all good  It's all gravy, bitch nigga stop playa hatin  [Hook] (Mannie Fresh) I done did more hoes than Michael Jackson done shows I done made more money than Tommy sale clothes  I don't think that you can umout shine me man  You need to um stand behind me man Come through this bitch lit up like December  Givin all these pretty hoes something to remember  I'ma nigga wit some endangered specie boots  Spillin crystal on tha floor oppps  Picture me and yo old' lady butt naked and shit  She drunker than a muthafucka, suckin my dick I just gave yo hoe a hundred for her trouble And I'm telling her we can bade in Moet bubbles Separate my money, and then Big Tymers whip they ass wit 20's and 10's The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers Album: How U Luv That Vol. 2  Song: Drop it Like it's Hot Typed by: THEBIGGREEK@aol.com (Baby)  Shhhhh, nigga drinkin don pie, and crystal (Huh Bra?) All that in the ass, fuckin these hoes, ballin till we fallin Drankin too much, but its all good (all good) Its all gravey dog watchin they dogs come out  (Baby) Thugged out, when i met the president Reeboks and Girbuads, when he came into my residents Vest up cuz i aint trust the hoes who we fuckin wit Three years in 86 and the mayor supportin mah shit Wasnt pickin no cotton for no redneck, Bitch!  And i wouldnt fuck foxy with another nigga dick Been slick doin this shit since 86 Scarred wit mah neck and my tattoes on mah wrist And my motto is i'll fuck a bitch Cash checks quick and i done payed my dues to this rap shit Competition catchin the blues cuase we comin with that raw shit That brown layed down shit Stack your cheese wit a tape thats fire slick And bees like butter fresh got 'em runnin to the store quick And it cost half a ki to see my in the club slick And sure 'nuff i dont wanna see no blood slick And it cost a whole ki to see me in the stadium, Bitch! And ill put that on the bezzle if you dont belive that shit (Juvenile) I aint givin up shit, everything i got i earned Nuthin for free, up in this world is what i learned Backdown for what, i know them playas up in that cut And they tapin us, my shot they cant wait to bust So all you niggaz slow down, you drawin more heat I read it in the paper already , they say they gonna sweep A brother doin 10-9, im fuckin with you clownz Nigga done take his charge, so mah people went down Get some were you aint got nuthin to do? Im ballin now, i dont time to be fuckin witch you Me and chilly ride hod , ready to ball like a dog Get full of that hen and that dro' until we fall Dont answer the phone , cuase they got us under survalliance Look in the real b , You dont know them people tralin? (Chorus)  Drop, Drop, Drop it like its hot Watch out ,watch out drop it like its hot Whoa, whoa drop it like its hot Watch out ,watch out drop it like its hot (M. Fresh) Who the only nigga you know that'll hassle a bitch  Who the only nigga you know that'll Harass a bitch Fresh miggity, Big Dickity, do the liggity Then you my baby boo, Fo shiggity You done seen me, got the super weeny Ridin with a bitch in the blue Lambourgini  Muggin while she between me Eatin Hizucks, Beatin Dizucks Suckin till she catch the Hizucks When i shoot the rizzucks, I like 'em i love and i smash I hit 'em qiuck in a mash, till the kat K Robbin,Weebon and Bobbin Big lip Slobbin on the telephone poles (Whoa) The pickle has no heart, in the middle of the dark If u cant finish this shit you shouldt have start, with a big-dick birdie man  23 year old dirty man, pull of yer skirt and then grab your hand And let you insert, Da Man (Chorus) (Cadillac) Baby im'a ctach my cut from saratoga unravelin Tryin to twist 'em with the shit, with brite gangsta unravelin Runnin of on mah shit, Tryin to take what was mine But im'a gip with mah shit from 6 figures to the last dime  Cieze my bank account and i still got my drug bout If i was runnin with them niggaz then i'd be crossed up Im'a ball till i fall, What you think i was playin? I like cars and broads, but im real with this rap thing I still got mah buildins, still gonna make a million Im'a slang these rocks, from all the way up, They killin 'em  Take it how you want it, I aint got shit for the doubt Till im finished with the life, asked slim its a mougt (Baby) How you luv that?, Bitch! (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Juvenile Album: How You Luv That Vol. 2 Song: How You Luv That Typed by: hot_boyz@mail.com Juvenile: Aw, man Man I sho' need this one here man It's gon' be so huge I know everyone out there gon' luv this one ya heard me Manny Fresh: Now, who the fuck got cars for days Crazy hoes and momo's with the 20 inch blades Me and the Misses, drivin' Expeditions The back stabbin' friends (smooch) blowin' kisses Chrome struck bitches, wood grain witches Leather seats, la la look, anything else itches I don' done it, the bubble-eyed GS 300 Anything else around me playboy I run it Bought the black Yukon in Houston, a microwave, a fouton She not white, uh uh, she cuban Karats on my fingers Fuckin' R&B Singers 1998 Lexus, Dick slangers Nuts Hangers, from South Americon Don Peringion Me a peasant, move on Can you top a, nigga with a candy coated helicopter Move, shake, shove that Ask yourself nigga How You Luv That Chorus: Lil Wayne (2x) How You Luv That 20 Cars on chrome Nigga, How You Luv That 20 show in the dome Nigga, How You Luv That 20 Hot Girls to bone Nigga, How You Luv That Brrrr, 20 PrimeCo phones Baby: Nigga how you gon' tell me that shit ain't changed When nigga used to play curls now they playin' braids And in my crib I got a elevator fuckin' with these hoes heads With alligator pillow cases in my bed I got a screen TV so big Playboy I had to get aproval from the city and the muthafuckin' feds I say fuck these white folks 'til I'm dead Cause I'm gon' ball 'til I fall and spend 20 G's at the mall And Playboy you could tell me How You Luv That I bought my son a Rolex with diamonds and bezzel at nine months And a Cash Money medallion with 20 diamonds in each letter son So peeps this, nigga a got I million dollars worth of cars all on chrome can you compete wit' this, that's beautiful These six tires with that Range Rover Ear rings costin' 15 G's, wit' TV's Nigga I'm tryin' to put a screen on the hood of the Humvee And put my face on top nigga can you see me I got so much money I'll never do time I play them white bitches like they play me at all times I got 20 G's to put on they leather seat But, for open court charges three time felony on one rap sheet What the fuck I look like choppin' trees and pickin' cotton When I shoot, fuckin' hoes and money clockin' I'm a Big Tymer ask 'Lac you could believe that Play boy nigga tell me How You Luv That Chorus: Lil Wayne (2x) Juvenile: Baby what you mean that Juvenile ain't bout matin' Best get yo' mind right and go head with that hatin' What, you must think that these diamonds ain't real or somthin', ha All of this shoutin' gon' get me killed for nothin', ha Nigga fuck that I'm gon' ball 'til I fall >From Calton by the levy, to General DeGaul So Baby pop the Crystille, and shine the jewels Give your cadillac a tool, with 20 inch L's Rolex with diamond bezzels with 20 G cells My floor shinin' from marble from across the canal In my position we make nothin but G's Your jewelery say you belong to CMB Don't hit us cause we beautiful niggaz please You think I'm stuntin' know just wait 'til I come back with them ki's Niggaz fear this, they hate but they don't come near this I don' wrote a song bout these bitches you wanna hear this They say, "Juvenile you muthafucka you off the heezy" I got these hoes pussy poppin' tell lil keezy and breezy Can't you see me in that bubble-eye, How You Luv That Can't you see me in that BMW-ah, How You Luv That Chorus: Lil Wayne (2x) Wha, How You Luv That Wha, How You Luv That Wha, How You Luv That Wha, How You Luv That Wha, How You Luv That Nigga, How You Luv That Wha wha, Brrr, How You Luv That Ha ha, Big Tymers Diamonds that'll *Bling* blind ya Ha ha, Big Tymers Better act like ya know ______________________________________________ FREE Personalized Email at Mail.com Sign up at http://www.mail.com?sr=mc.mk.mcm.tag001 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Lil' Wayne, Juvenile Album: I Got That Work Song: #1 Stunna Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com [Baby] Nigga can't out-stunt me when it come to these fuckin' cars, nigga Believe that! You know me - I don't need no introduction and shit Ride Bentley's 'round the city on buttons, ya bitch Arm hangin', wrist blingin' - just stun'n and shit Drop the top, block is hot Stay bumpin', ya bitch B. Atrice get it right, don't tangle and twist it Hit the club every night, drunk - drinkin' that Crissy Niggas mad - don't like it 'cause I'm bangin' they bitches When the light hit the ice, it twankle and glistens Baby, Brian, B, Bubba - you can call me what you feel Hoppin' out the platinum Hummer with the platinum grill With the platinum pieces, and the platinum chains With the platinum watches, and the platinum rings (platinum rings) Nigga shit ain't changed, still doin' my thing Still do it for the block - nuts hang and swing You don't know another nigga that can stunt like me (stunt like me) Big Tymer representin', nigga - the U.P.T. (Hook [Baby + Lil' Wayne]) [Baby] I'ma a hard stun'n nigga like Evil Knievel [Wayne] Jumpin' out Lex's and Hummers - showin' off for my people [Baby] I'm the # 1 stunna! [Wayne] Wh-what, wh-what, what? [Baby] The # 1 stunna! [Wayne] Wh-what, wh-what, what? [Baby] James Bond, Jackie Chan, and that bitch, MacGyver [Wayne] Private planes, Jaguars, Bentley's, and Prowlers [Baby] I'm the # 1 stunna! [Wayne] Wh-what, wh-what, what? [Baby] The # 1 stunna! [Wayne] Wh-what, wh-what, what? [Baby] I put dubs on cars - when I ride, I'm fly We thugs, not stars, bitch - ride or die Put bricks on blocks, nigga - cooked and cut Juvy 'bout to hold the rocks, nigga, hook it up Diamonds on my hoes' feet - when they walk, they spark Diamonds in my fuckin' teeth - when I talk, I spark Don't fuck around with beef - when it start, I spark Me and my Hot Boy creeps - when it's dark, we spark Just bought a new car, and I spent about a million The motherfuckin' driver seat sittin' in the middle Me and my son, Wheezy, got a house by the water I'll be fuckin' bad bitches (bad bitches, bad bitches) [Lil' Wayne] I be hittin' they daughters [Baby] I like my dick sucked fast [Lil' Wayne] I like to play with them rookies [Baby] I like to fuck 'em in they ass while he beat up the pussy I'm the number-one stunna - you don't want my shit I'ma stunt 'til I die, bitch, the shit don't quit (Hook [Baby + Lil' Wayne]) [Juvenile] Baby, pop the Cryst-al, and shine the jew-els Get the Cadillac from Sewell with twenty-inch L's [Lil' Wayne] Boss B., Slow down in the Jag, you lost me [Baby] {tires squeal} Slow down, Wayne - you know that's all on me [Lil' Wayne] But you know how slow the new Rolls Royce be Come on - you know how slow the new Rolls Royce be [Juvenile] Baby, give me the ki's, give me the weed, give me the G's, give me the Mack-10 Let me see happenin' To me, these niggas laggin' [Lil' Wayne] What's up, Boss B. You ever got beef with a busta, you can call me You know I keep a "blucka-blucka" Hit 'em all week Give me the keys to the bubble I'm on y'all street Juvenile (Juvenile) [Juvenile] Baby, let me get the keys to the Rover Truck Man, let me get this beef shit over, bruh [Lil' Wayne] But wait, My nigga, Baby - he live on chrome My nigga, Baby - he get his shine on (Hook2x [Baby + Lil' Wayne]) [Baby {talking}] Now, it's plain and simple, nigga I ain't met a nigga yet could fuck with these Cash Money Hot Boys with these cars, nigga See that new Monte Carlo, that's hot and on fire that my dog, Fresh, had first We got 'em on dubs That Lexus - the new one - that come out in 2001 with the frog eyes I got that bitch on dubs And that Yu- the new Yukon, that's bubble-eye I got that bitch on dubs And that Mercedes Wagon, with the kit, that's kitted out look like it got frog eyes That bitch on dubs And I got that Benz that me and my dog bought for our bitches We got this shit here on dubs We all drive Bentley's on dubs I'm tryin' to put platinum eyebrows on these hoes I just bought me a platinum football field, nigga Ya understand? Don't fuck with me with these cars, nigga (at all, playboy) We the number-one stunnas, nigga (Nigga, we don't give a fuck) Got that Viper with them rattlin stripes, with that kit Ya understand? We ain't playin' TV's in all our shit Believe that, playboy (Fuck your whole hood up) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Lil' Wayne, Juvenile Album: I Got That Work Song: Hard Life Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Baby] For sure, lil' one I know what you're goin' through to shine Niggas pullin' off all type of shit But, look: if you don't know what you're doin',  you'd better catch the sideline Catch the sideline Nigga, the block look the same - it's just crack and cocaine Niggas losin' but we still maintainin' Livin' life like a penitentiary with a ki in my hand Knockin' project bricks Flippin' chickens, and movin' out quick Hard-hustlin' 'cause we love slingin' this white shit S.S., Monte Carlo's, hard-tops - we love that shit 'Bout two-hundred thugs with this clique We multiply everyday for the bullshit For the hood shit Burned down buildin's ain't no good, slick Niggas pullin' auctions on they own cars to get money quick Then we dippin' and dabbin' Goin' back to the labbin' Lil' niggas payin' me for cookin' they slabbin' Cook a brick and make it out a brick-and-halfin' Chargin' them young g's ten G's for cookin' they slabs Say, lil' wodie, I gots to have it (Hook - 4x [Juvenile]) It's a hard life we livin' - they 'bout they drama We earn stripes from killin' - attack like piranhas [Lil' Wayne] Look Look On the streets it ain't sweet They be (?) It's not a game, homeboy - this ain't the NFL Him just (?) from rippin' with the mid-deck twelve Hit the block in twin-SL's, and spit at gals You get that, pal? Once it's war, nigga, skip town 'Cause if I don't do it, be swimmin' with fish, clown Now, crack a whole chick down, sell it in quarters If the drama happen to hit town, I'm 'nappin' your daughter If the broad try to flip out, I'm cuttin' her water If your boys try to help out, I'm killin' they fathers When and wherever What and however - you bring it good I'll have your mom singin' "Hmmm hmm hmmm" Cause nowadays lot of niggas got coward ways So I ride with K's to knock off the side of heads But I'm tryin' to stay man, I'm tryin' to stay focused What I'm tryin' to say we gon' bust it wide open! (Hook - 4x [Juvenile]) [Mannie Fresh] What What Pimps, playas, riders, rollers, hustlers Gangstas, thugs, criminal motherfuckers Hit it, quit it, fuck it, leave it, flee No evidence at your residence - that's me Black, ugly, mean, sheisty bastard Preachers and teachers sayin', "I'm surprised you lasted." Guns, drugs, bitches hot sex Weed, crack, heroin - what's next? Feds, cops, killers politicians Hookers, hoes, (?) all on missions Crooks, mayors, presidents, and leaders N-double-A-CP, rednecks, and meat beaters Mommas, baby-mommas, aunties and cousins Scatter sites, knocked out lights, projects by the dozens And cars, broads, murders ghetto life I went through all that shit  for platinum ringers and a little bit of ice (Hook - 4x [Juvenile]) [Juvenile] I've been blessed I thank the Lord everyday for gettin' me from 'round these devils in these dark hallways How the fuck you gonna help me when I don't care? Niggas see me front it all - they just look and stare And talk about how it should be and how it could be Bentley in my basement - ain't nobody understood me Take care of your people like you take care of your kids 'Cause money ain't shit when you don't know how to live And niggas gon' pretend to be your friend when they ain't You expect 'em to be there until the end, but they can't Now, how many of you can say you're a real nigga? Play the Prowler, but scared to go in the field with ya You gon' know your nigga - he gon' be there, still with ya Whether if it's talkin' or slingin' the steal with ya Don't answer nobody questions Gotta turn to the Lord with a confession (Hook - 4x [Juvenile]) It's a hard life we livin' - 'cause they 'bout they drama We earn stripes from killin' - attack like piranhas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Hot Boys Album: I Got That Work Song: My Life Typed by: gnikals330@yahoo.com [Mannie] I done teached and talked Walked away and fought Went from cussin and bustin Hustle from day to dark Turned nothin to somethin Introduced to stunnin In my life In my life I done caused some hurt And I done did some good Said I can't even when I could I was stopped and tested fingerprinted and arrested In my life In my life Just say no when I really meant yes I'm gon smoke all night til it hurt my chest Slim told me over the years that shit gon tear up careers  In yo life In yo life What'chu gon do when snakes come to yo crew I'm a get on my knees and ask the Lord please Separate good from fake and the love and the hate In my life In my life [B.G.] I mean fuck I done had a rough life you know what I'm sayin B.G. lived that thug life I done done it all in my life I done done time I done lived in group homes I been on the third floor of hospitals I mean it's just been a stuggle for me But now I'm on top you know what I'm sayin And it ain't to turnin back And I take chances in whatever I do Cuz if I don't take chances I don't see the life after all [Mannie] The night in the Rover When the niggas came over You went out like a soldier And I still can't get over What fake bitches done done Got me clutchin my gun In this life In this life I used to wonder why  All the good niggas die Why some soldier gotta suffer And mothers gotta cry Why my daddie gotta lie Cuz he don't even try to be  In my life In my life Take care of your crib  Where you lay down and live Forget and forgive cuz you done put it through some shit Had yo daughter and yo son  Been down since day one In yo life In yo life What the fuck is wrong you don't understand this song Tell yo momma you love her before she dead and gone Nigga that don't quit that's some real ass shit  In this life In this life [Juvenile] Man I mean me Juvenile drugs tore my family up I'm from the projects so you know I just realized What it means to be successful Cuz I been through all kinds of shit man bullshit And I live through Baby, Slim and the Lord to help me And I came to them as a real nigga  And I said look dog I'm tired of livin like this man [Baby] I had pounds of coke I had money to blow I had a felony charge I had to fight in the court I had warrant reports Shot up cars before  In my life My life I got kids to feed I got niggas to watch I need a hundred mil I need to get off the block Wear soldier Rees In the gamblin spot  In my life My life I could cook it and cut it I could bag it and move it I could toat in the budget  Got money to prove it  I done flood the public Hope Beatrice'll do it In my life My life Now my name is Baby But the call me Bubba Ain't a bitch that I know that can say that I love her Gettin pussy from a boss bitch wearin a rubber  In my life My life Let me stunt and shine Let me bling and floss Let me ride without the law always searchin my car I just wanna chill fuck bitches and play  In my life My life Hoes cry in my world give me that Baby shit Goin to the people knowin that they made me and shit You just don't know what I go through  In my life My life I got Bentlys and Jags got Prowlers and Vets Got Benjamins, Hummers, Cadillacs and vests Condos and houses Cardiers and Rovers In my life My life I got cars and broads with money to make I got that brown wall and that white gate Got bitches and hoes love that platinum and gold  In my life My life [Turk] Beautiful Baby what's happenin This Lil Turk you heard me One of the Original Hot Boys I done did it all you heard me From runnin through cuts and hallways Runnin through projects bustin heads Yeah that's that lil nigga Turk Young and Thuggin you heard me I know you gonna let me do what I do Don't hate me cuz I'm beautiful you heard me We on top now nigga no longer livin that trife-life you heard me Respect and a check we ain't doin nothin but poppin bottles and fuckin hoes You heard me, makin money that's all nigga Uh-huh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//big_tyme/got_that/popping.tbt.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//big_tyme/got_that/popping.tbt.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Hot Boys Album: I Got That Work Song: We Ain't Stoppin' Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Lil' Wayne] Whoa, whoa The Big Tymers, nigga Who? Who? The Big Tymers, nigga Huh? Get it right [Juvenile + (Lil' Wayne)] Bentley interior - I lay back on it Every time a nigga see me it's a Kodak moment Now, I ain't the one to brag (Nope) But I bought myself a Hummer, my brother a Jag (For sure) I'm takin' all the hoes, and I'm makin' you mad (Yeah) You violate my household, I'm bustin' your ass Is you listenin'? Do you see my ice when it's glistenin'? 'Cause if you're with that baller blockin', niggas comin' up missin' then [Lil' Wayne] I need a (?) to get right up in my new Prowler And put her lips tight on this pipe to suck out the problems Need a Rolex with princess cuts all at the bottom Need a kit with twenty-inches on the car that I'm drivin' Went from dimes to quakes, to money like Bill Gates Doin' a-hundred on interstates in Hummers on thirty-eight's See, we are the CMB, my nigga Fresh, Baby, Hot Boys, and Wheezy Whee, my nigga What (Hook [B.G.]) Wherever it's poppin' - we stoppin' But if it ain't hot then - we not then Wherever it's twurkin' - we workin' She got to be slurpin' - for certain [Turk] Project and hood rat bitch is who I like A bitch that's 'bout ridin', and goin' on flights [Mannie Fresh] What I met this bitch in Cabrini Green - a nasty hoe Liked that dick from the back, and you could {low cough} in her throat [Turk] A bitch that's 'bout hustlin' and smugglin' work Head bustin' and thuggin' just like Turk [Mannie Fresh] A wild bitch off Grave Street doin' her thing Big ass, big tits, and she loved eatin' ding-a-ling [Turk] I need a black hoe (black hoe) - one with the braids in her head Workin' with some ass that could give good head [Mannie Fresh] Can't forget about this bitch up in Philly on Richard Island Freak-nasty bitch that's always swallowin' [Turk] Stickin' to the G-Code, Ree's, and Girbauds Got hands and 'bout strappin', quick to beat a hoe [Mannie Fresh] Oops, almost forgot about Tasha up in the watts A hot girl for sure that stayed drop-me-like-it's-hot (Hook [B.G.]) Wherever it's poppin' - we stoppin' But if it ain't hot then - we not then Wherever it's twurkin' - we workin' She got to be slurpin' - that's for certain [Baby + (Lil' Wayne)] Bitch, I'ma be stun'n until the day I go (What?) Bentley's and Hummers, and drop Di-a-blos (What?) Runnin' with niggas that don't love no hoe (What?) Platinum grill 'cause, bitch, I'm done with gold [Lil' Wayne] Hey, Now, you know it's Lil' Wheezy off the heezy Believe me - whoa Hot like pepper, slidin' out the Kompressor slow Me and your wife - slut, don't slam my door Cut on the lights - look how the damn watch glow [Baby + (Lil' Wayne)] Hold up, Wayne (What) You know what, Wayne (Whoa) I'ma get in this bitch and do donuts, man [Lil' Wayne] Now wait, Bubble You gon' make me go buy a Grape Hummer And put my name in diamonds on the license plate, cousin [Baby] Now, peep me, slick I got a hoe out the project that eat the dick She a freaky bitch [Lil' Wayne] Nigga, you know it's Iceberg, boy - straight off the block With the number-one stunna, and we blazin' hot What (Hook [B.G.]) Wherever it's poppin' - we stoppin' But if it ain't hot then - we not then Wherever it's twurkin' - we workin' She got to be slurpin' - for certain Wherever it's poppin' - we stoppin' But if it ain't hot then - we not then Wherever it's twurkin' - we workin' She got to be slurpin' - that's for certain The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ B.G., Juvenile, and Turk Album: I Got That Work Song: We Hustle Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Juvenile] Listen, It's a fresh package I got - why not move it Keepin' it in the house 'll have the Feds locked to it Business as usual is goin' on in the slums We want the whole cake, nigga - we don't want no crums Stupid shit - we avoid it Dope - we exploit it Had our shit tight bitches done destroyed it Now niggas gettin' out lookin' for employers Made a deal with the D.A. and the lawyer Swearin' he would never tell - put it on his daughter Sayin' he was outta town - nigga crossed the border Should've bust his head, but I don't need the heat I'll send another nigga out to handle beef for me It's a test 'cause I've been given him a ki a week Let me see what they gon' do up on the streets for me And if he hand me his business, I'ma make sure he's straight The only nigga out the project Magnolia with weight (Hook [Turk]) Nigga, we hustle hustle everyday, all day Get our grind on in the project hallway Nigga try to hit a hustle, they get burnt with a K Hot Boys and Big Tymers - they surely don't play We hustle hustle everyday, all day Get our grind on in the project hallway Nigga try to hit a hustle, they get burnt with a K Hot Boys and Big Tymers - they surely don't play [B.G.] Started out with a seven-gram quarter, flipped to half-a-ounce Tryin' to keep clothes on my daughter and food in her mouth It don't stop from sun-up to sun-down - I'm on the grind In two weeks I was workin' a 16-25 Tryin' to get it - only thing in my vision is ballin' Jumpin' out a 500-S class on brodders So you only had a nickel like me hustlin' hard 'Fore I knew I was workin' four ounces and two quarters Not a taker I'm scarred from (? ?) Swore he was gon' front just bringin' his shit Now I got a quarter ki - broke it down to six and two quarters It's cooked already - I got these niggas runnin' like water Slowly, I'm comin' up - scorin' a ounce since fronted nine Had this nigga - only said what they workin', the block is mine Got hustlin' skills in my blood - come from my pa That's how I know the game 'cause at a young age I was taught (Hook2x [Turk]) We hustle hustle everyday, all day Get our grind on in the project hallway Nigga try to hit a hustle, they get burnt with a K Hot Boys and Big Tymers - they surely don't play [Baby] Brother, you my hustler, and K.C. my killer Michael, (?), Curl, y'all lay back and peep these niggas Dubbed all and wide open (whatever) whatever, my nigga Big (?) grab the glock out to shoot, my nigga Then if it go down, I know you're ridin', nigga But it's cool - I lost some hot boys, my nigga But I'm a fool untamed by the children in this game Tre, go grab them things, we gon' get paid, man Joe Casey know a nigga wan' buy some things I start in the hood, I keep it real with my goods Lac, hurry up back, I know a nigga wan' buy some crack Smack a whole brick on that bitch when it come back Stone, you play the cuts and watch my back Magnolia Shorty, take these stacks and meet me at the shack I'm 'bout to go to a car lot on veterans, black And buy that new black-on-black 2G Cadillac (Hook [Turk]) Nigga, we hustle hustle everyday, all day Get our grind on in the project hallway Nigga try to hit a hustle, they get burnt with a K Hot Boys and Big Tymers - they surely don't play We hustle hustle everyday, all day Get our grind on in the project hallway Nigga try to hit a hustle, they get burnt with a K Hot Boys and Big Tymers - they surely don't play [Mannie Fresh] What What What Remember when shit was a easy task Back in the days that passed When bitches use to cut class Just to let a dumb nigga hit that ass Now everything fucked up Sure virgin pussy gon' cost you a-hundred bucks Nigga, that use to be the man shit outta luck Young niggas walkin' 'round with that duck Some say, "Play with your nose." Some say, "Fuck them hoes." Some say, "You're fat. Work out and get a six-pack." I say, "Fuck all that, I'd rather have six facts." Young niggas done drove me to pack a heater Fuck drawin' up the meat beaters They tryin' to defeat us Move us out and delete us Erase us niggas from the face of the earth Put your dick in the dirt No how, no way, daddy, it won't work I refuse to be a statistic DNA ballistic With a closed casket 'Cause some young nigga blasted my brains on the side Lil' daddy, I'ma swing wide and let everything out here feel me You ain't gon' do it - old age gon' kill me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers, Juvenile, Lil' Wayne, B.G. Album: Project Bitch 12" Song: Project Bitch (Remix) Typed by: IcebergRep757@cs.com [Verse 1: Mannie Fresh] This is for Deshawn, Eshlawn, Lil Mama, and her friends Lisa, Teresa, Maria, Tia, Lia and Kim I love y'all broads, no disrespect to my dogs but I love y'all broads, yea I love y'all broads To the ladies havin babies without no drama To my niggas with figgas say I love my baby momma I bought them shoes, them tattoos, an even fixed yo breasts I put you inside the flyest rides an even put a "$" on yo chest [Verse 2: Lil' Wayne] This is for the ones who wobbled it and be puttin they mouth on it An they suck everything out of it then they catch it and swallow it I'm Lil Weezy for sheezy, I'm off the heezy believe me See me, I squeeze in between it, and then I leave it so greasy When I come through in a Rolls Royce, leave them with no choice but to hop up in it an just let me make they throat moist Ruby red an vodka it just carry a nigga Give me three minutes maybe four she be wantin to marry a nigga [Chorus 2X: Juvenile] Give me a project bitch Give me a hoodrat chick One that don't give a fuck An say she took that dick [Verse 3: Juvenile] My momma send me by my grandma, my grandma flipped out an said we ain't gone have no evil in this house So I rolled out, scoped me out an sold out but I fucked up when I started livin up in this hoes house Nigga started fuckin one of the broads cause she was suckin a nigga dick so good keepin it hard Lettin a nigga cum all over her chest and tongue She was still-un, I spared her because her chil-drun She was a hoe she gave me head behind a building aint sellin records but her mouth could sell a million if you wanna take it there we can break it off  cause yall pussy aint gotta nigga tweakin at all I slang this dick summer winter spring an the fall ask me to lay it down I'm bringin it all I'm tryin to hit ya from the back to ya house Cause lord this mothrfuckin dick good and it always be hard [Verse 4: Baby] Look - a nigga could catch me r'd up Them white folks know the code so we g'd up an my range rover 4 door be d'd up Tattoos and new cars and these project cuts Got this nigga bitch I know been wantin to fuck I deal with sluts ladies an bitches don't give a fuck Project bosses Weezy say "Respect Us" Bitch nigga find me in the 4 door Lexus I got a bitch shoot dice an a bitch that ain't right I got a bitch who will front ya work an take ya life I got a credit card hoe, a scam type hoe, a fraud type hoe Like to snort that dope, a dick suckin pro A calico hoe, a real solid bitch out Chicago I got a brat type bitch like to whine an shit I got a project bitch like to start some shit [Verse 5: B.G.] Ohh yeah! I like tha ones that know go straight to her knees Properly please properly serve BG It ain't no other breed no other kind or type Believe them rillas out tha PJ's nothin nice Behind their man run, they gone chase somethin Tie ya down and spray that mace in yo face cuzen They take that dick good like they know it ain't no tomorrow They get on top and oh they just a jumpin  I love that I let them do what do I don't stop em Watch her do her thing I just lay back and watch her They know they burnin know they on fire  They know they hot as it can't get can't get no hotter They sport Finded sport Iceberg and Powdler I can't help that I love ghetto hood P poppers I want be right if i ain't got a bitch  that's ghetto fab and com'n straight out tha bricks The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne f/ Juvenile Album: Tha Block is Hot Song: Enemy Turf Typed by: markthomas@netalpha.net, aaronrm@hotmail.com (Juvenile) Ah hmmm hmmmm Hmmmm Hmmm Verse 1 (Juvenile) When I say I don't give a fuck I mean that yeah Niggaz brains is gettin bust I didn't say that yeah If a shipment was comin in I need a haul of dat wodie I need a sixty-forty nigga And no chargin' that wodie You done heard about Michael Jackson And shiggidy shit But you ain't never heard about me When i'm flissin a bitch  Niggas shoulders gettin knocked Clean off of they head  See that red dot comin from  Me and my girlfriend Cause I wants mine I needs mine And i'm about to get mine At these times Look lil' daddy  You ain't got to worry about none of these other niggas You needs to be worried about when Juvi comin to get ya Look, I make a phone call to the big dog Y'all bitches better handle y'all business before I hit y'all Even though a nigga rich and i rock ice I still bust a nigga head on the block aright (Chorus)2x (Juvenile & Lil' Wayne) (Juvenile) It's enemy turf that i'm on So I'ma play it how it go Cock the hollow points  And tote my black calico My lil' brother Weezy (Lil' Wayne) My big brother Juvi  Both hit tha blocks Strapped up with the Uzis Verse 2 (Lil' Wayne) What, What, La Gun for gun Eye for eye Better move yo' wife and son  Cause I ride or die  Cash Money Hot Boy Bless me when i'm gone But until then load up the chrome cause it's on I been bout it Put a boot up in my lip and put my dirty up in a clip I drop the top and then i flip I hit his cock and make 'em flip And I be full of that trash I be the first one to jump out the jag bust at 'em fast Watch the bullets chop off the head  And make 'em fall in the grass  One move they all die  Lil' Weezy small fry Guerilla when it's war time Y'all better learn  When this nigga shoot it'll be all hell Well then let 'em burn Hold 'em fo' ransom, hear me smart boy Seven churn and i be damn if i let 'em go If i don't get my dough  Then hell will be all blowin' Til I R.I.P., C.M.B. I be I put it down for all my peeps Nigga, I'm H.B. for real (Chorus)2x Verse 3  All i know is the streets  And how to strap up  When it's time shoot it Cock yo' heaters  Tie up yo' bags  It's time to do it Blaze the blunt  Shut off the lights  And cut down the music  Roll down the windows  Turn the corner  And let loose with the bbbbrrrrrr If ya don't know now  Then ya never will learn You ca play with Lil' Wayne And yo' block get burned You must love to go swimmin Cause tha water gets deeper See i bust you wide open  And take 'ya daughter with me Here come the beat boy  Shoot out the street lights  Time to bring on the heat boy  If you ain't really wit it  Then you better get back I open yo' chest  And make it look just like a wet cat This is a death trap  I'ma a guerilla and I mean it leave ya' head still in a beanin' Lyin' on the cement Calicoe steamin' Red dot beamin' Dressed up suspicious Play wit Lil' Weezy, you'll be dinner for tha fishes (Chorus)2x Enemy Turf Time to strap up  What The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne f/ Hot Boys Album: Tha Block is Hot Song: Loud Pipes Typed by: Kjbossalne@aol.com Verse 1: (Mannie)  Wha wha wha nigga nigga I put piss stains on private planes cuz its my jet nigga Money aint shit cuz my rottweilers drink moet Diamond baugette bracelets for my lovers Playa, i use cristal to lubricate rubbers Who got shit on his wrist that cost 3 nickel Who got the project on lock when that nigga slangin pickle Who got benz, a prowler, playboy, and a Vette Tell the truth--who fucked ya on the same night when we met? Now, who got baby mamas from the noila to new york Who got every bitch attention in this motherfucker when he talk Now who the fuck we talkin bout, look--yall dont know? I'll give you a hint: see that bitch you with? He fucked that hoe Now look here, yall aint seen my watch, its like harlem world video White diamonds, red rubies, blue baugettes, I dont know Shorty, when tha next time imma be up in your bed I love you? you love me?  Well go head on and gimme some head Chorus: 2x (Juvenile)  Loud pipes big rims Wodie thats our life When we pull up at the club Sorry thats our night I know a lot of haters out there sayin That thats not right But our diamonds are much bigger So thats our life Verse 2: (Baby) I told four I need somethin With some hell of a ice Nigga came back with a hell of a price That aint nothin These hoes doin hella wrong Callin these niggaz on our cell phone Bitch ridin benz on 20 inch chrome Gimme the key, the car hoe, and the alarm For my prowler, my jag, my benz and my home Bitch you'll neva ride 20 inch chrome I love to shine, thats why the choppa is mine Hit my block in my benz hoe with stretch tires Bought a new car that I couldnt drive Ordered the tunes before a nigga could drive When I put the bose system right behind my eyes With the vc's and tv's so a nigga could shine With my ice bling bling like a 9 to 5 And tell all my hoes they dont need no job Chorus 2x Verse 3: (B.G) I ride the best from a benz to a jag to a beamer to a lex Might fly first class on delta, helicopter or a jet I'm a stunter, I'm a reppa Geezy like to shine Drink Don, Moet, and Cris See thats the finest wine 20 inches is the only thing i sit my shit on Dont bring ya bitch around me  Cuz my dick she'll wanna sit on And I aint gonna tell her nothin different Thats ya issue But after she come back Your best out is not to kiss her Hoes sick sayin damn, look at Fresh pinky ring Look at BG watch That bitch blingalingaling I'm a ice wearer, trust me, you will neva See me sportin nothin that aint 20 g's or betta Me and Wayne take the left Juve and Baby take the right Its dark in the room, we hold up our watches and its light Cash Money millionaires livin a hell of a life Like my nigga weezay said, we surrounded by ice Chorus (2x) (Lil Wayne) whoa whoa whoa Now im shinin baby glossin Big tymin stuntin and flossin Lamborghini sittin on broaders With two more in my garages Plus a blue and black ferrari With nintendo and atari Man I swear the car is awesome Vroom! sorry we lost em I'm back I pull up smellin like dime sacks and cognac I leave in the hummer,  Hour lata I'm flyin back Whoosh, private jets about to land The women fall out when I let em touch my hand I get out the plane into a mercedes benz van  TVs all ova with chrome 20 inch fans, damn Got damn Man I am L-I-L, weezy, off the heezy But still in all, ice floodin on my watch And in my grill and all Porch blocks front blocks Still in all, me and Slim in the Rover Beatrice brick holder, Cash Money young soulja Chorus & talking til fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne f/ B.G., Juvenile Album: Tha Block is Hot Song: Tha Block is Hot Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, joseph@rri.on.ca [Lil' Wayne] Wha wha, wha wha, wha wha, wha wha, what Straight off the black gold, nuts in my hand, trustin no man Got my glock cocked, runnin this thing, ya understand We be steamin.. blazin.. nines, pumps, and K's, and Holly Grove 17th, (what) tha hood where I (what) was raised in (what) Niggaz bustin heads and, runnin duckin Feds and rocks under they tongues and, ki's under they beds and Hood fulla real niggaz, twenty-four seven hustlers EHHH, until we shove a barrel down ya pipe suckers Ain't no love for no busta, no fear for no coward No respect from no stunt, and no money without power We keepin niggaz hotter, EWWWW nasty and sour Pile up in the Eddie Bauer and BLAKA at every hour Some niggaz like that powder, foldin up what they drain Some like that weed or that dope and some shoot it up in they veins (oh) From the home of that 'caine, jackin and crackin brains Broadcastin live from Tha Block it's Lil' Wayne (who it is?) Chorus: B.G. and Juvenile, Lil' Wayne Juve:	Nigga you got that llello? B.G.:	Well cook something nigga Juve:	Nigga you let them K's go? B.G.:	Well bust somethin nigga Juve:	Are you duckin that law? B.G.:	You better run from em nigga Juve:	Are you playin with that raw? B.G.:	Well won't you front somethin nigga [Wayne]	Tha Block is Hot, Tha Block is Hot ha, ha-ha 	Tha Block is Hot, Tha Block is Hot ha, ha-ha 	Tha Block is Hot, Tha Block is Hot ha, ha-ha 	Tha Block is Hot, Tha Block is Hot ha.. [Lil' Wayne] See where I'm from we keep our guns out Dodgin cops and burnin blocks, so we be thugged out It's time to floss, bring the big bodies on dubs out And they got quarters, halfs, and birds in that one house (I got it) (I got it) It's all good in the hood but a lot illegal Soon as you get it, hot SKIRT, there go them people Break up the block and hit the cut by the corner sto' End up in Miss Taylor backyard, be quiet, she on the porch This everyday, at the spot where niggaz murder off top, boy It's the spot where they got Fire Girls and Hot, Boys We don't know what be goin cause we so blunted from trees and we'll be round ya all day til we "400 Degreez" And you see where niggaz go, nobody be on the pulpit They got a nigga got on a scarf, he flippin out off that raw Betta stay in yo' car, and make sure (BEEP BEEP) your door is locked Cause this ain't nuttin proper, cause Tha Block, is jusssst Hot Chorus [Lil' Wayne] See watch your step on my set, gotta walk like, talk like We done shot out all the street lights So you can't see who we be like And we like, to dress in all black up in my residence Ain't got on no suits, cause we ain't tryin to be presidents And ever since the coke drought, niggaz been on a trip y'all So you better watch what y'all playin wit Cause a nigga will try to flip y'all They hit y'all, jam you up and put a gun to your jug Hahhhh, catch your breath, now shhhhh, catch a slug It's street smarts, plenty niggaz that keep spots When the heat starts, ain't nobody got sweethearts Callin weak shots, you could come try to cheap talk We cut your week short, them lil' boys don't give a damn Go all out for that cake, won't hesitate to kill a man Run in his house and kidnap the nigga, him and his fam Tie em up put em in the vans, then put a gat in his jaws ... tch, one move blow his cactuses off Chorus [Lil' Wayne] WHOOT! Some people call me cause Tha Block is Hot Shk-a-BLAOW! Bust ya guns cause Tha Block is Hot Nigga chshhhhh, cook it up, cause Tha Block is Hot Say look Daddy, just hook it up, cause Tha Block is Hot Nigga WHOOT! Some people call me cause Tha Block is Hot Shk-a-BLAOW! Bust ya guns cause Tha Block is Hot Nigga chshhhhh, cook it up, cause Tha Block is Hot Say look Daddy, just hook it up, cause Tha Block is Hot Nigga my block hot, nigga my block burn My block on fire, nigga what about yours? Nigga my block hot, nigga my block burn My block on fire, nigga what about yours? The block is hot ha ha ha ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne f/ Juvenile Album: Tha Block is Hot Song: Respect Us Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Lil' Wayne] What what what What what what What what what Listen, listen When.. I come through.. bustin' Everybody on.. tha block be.. run-nin' Weezy Wayne, Hot Boy, I.. be.. thug-gin' Got.. them.. things.. ten up, keep.. hustlin' Catch me at tha shop, I will.. be.. there And my prices stay low, I keep.. it.. there And if you want it raw, I got.. it.. right.. here And if you want war, I am.. your.. nigh-tmare This is all I know, it's bang bang I hustle and slang slang My block.. I hang hang Who am I? Lil' Wayne, man I represent CMB My cell is ten in heat I usually get in beef Was taught that it's him or me I pop head-bustas quick I rock here for my brick I chop that, I'ma (?) My shop here (????) I always.. thug in black And always.. bustin' gats Your girly's.. fuckin' back Now how you... lovin' that Chorus: Juvenile (repeat 2X) Hot Boys wodie, respect us Representin' Team Cash-Money Re-cords It's warfare, you betta, vest up But if you ain't scared, they blow, your sets up [Lil' Wayne] Listen, listen I give it to 'em how they ask me Raw and nasty Tha AK, I pack it Believe I'm 'bout that action Slash a busta like a fraction I'm on that yolla Standin' on tha corner with one sleeve over my shoulder Ride on your block, I see a dozen of weak jerks Now it's time for your momma ta order a dozen of T-shirts For only half-a brick I'll blast tha fifty And I ain't gon' stop shootin' 'til I jam tha clip Yeah, I'm a small creeper, what But it's about ta get ugly Ya'll betta call people up I'm about ta start shovin' my sawed-off between your guts Wayne 'bout ta (cugghh-gghh-gghh) ball people up Ya'll betta duck When it get real, they hide from me But, all them bustas 'bout ta get killed, I'm tired of it Man, I'm thuggin' 'til tha day I.. I die, cousin Weezy Wee.. let 'em burn, bring tha fire truck in... (whoooo!) (Chorus 2x) Nigga, let it be known I'll come blow up your home Take a few blunts to tha dome And.. show up alone Just me and my.. flame-torch Wayne start.. danger Walked with my head down like a stranger, and banged ya Burnin' off that Hennesy Some-a ya'll be feminine Bounce in with a twitch Leave 'em crawlin' out a ditch God damn... son of a shhh!.. Don't speak I cocked that, and let it go, tssss!.. Give 'em heat Your cheese, I got.. ta.. get.. paid I'm goin' all out, no matter what.. it.. takes I.. was.. raised.. up on.. that.. paper Kill-for-the-scrill was.. in.. my.. nature Tote M1's and keep.. tha.. block.. hot Sell wrong colts to keep.. my.. glock.. hot Never add taxes to.. my.. price, man And if a boy play, I ride.. at.. night, man What! (Chorus 3x) [Juvenile} Uh, uh, uh Say Lil' Weezy You did this one here, ya heard me They ain't gon' never get weared out from this one It's like they said, boy In tha year 2000, it's all about Wayne It's your chrome, man, run that thang 17th ward to tha 3rd ward downtown Do that there Huh, huh, huh, huh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Hot Boys Album: Lights Out Song: Hit U Up Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Turk] Come on, come on Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on I roll with a bunch of untamed guerrillas, head bustas, and sharks Niggas that's 'bout beefin' - lettin' them K's spark Knockin'-it-off-your-shoulder soldiers - them real niggas Niggas who did time - hard-to-kill niggas How you live, you get it is the way a nigga play it Niggas ain't fightin' no more - niggas bustin' your head Sendin' you to your grave - it's do or die, cousin Aimin' straight for your head, makin' sure you die, cousin They dressin' in black, prepared for combat Ridin' four deep strapped with choppers and macks Not givin' a fuck, gettin' your cut, lettin' it bust You get hit, that's on you, my nigga - you're outta luck You're stuck like chuck - wodie, you're assed out That's what happen to ya tryin' to be hard, runnin' your mouth Get erased, my nigga (my nigga) Look here: I leave no trace, my nigga (my nigga) No witnesses so can you see my face, my nigga (my nigga) Fled the scene - so you have no case, my nigga- -case, my nigga Look here: you can play if you wanna get down Get your stupid ass left where you can't be found (Hook [B.G.]) We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) We done popped you up, chopped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) We done popped you up, chopped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Whaa?) We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up [Juvenile] I was wrong for a lot of shit that I'ma take to my grave Continuously whippin' niggas like a runaway slave Must was meant for me to be thuggin' - I stay in some beef Baby and Slim keep tellin' me, "Juvenile, stay off them streets." I can't help - I draw attention; they be fuckin' with me I'm hot in the ass and can't get enough of these streets A lil' nigga in the Rolls screamin', "Fuck the police!" Peelin' out in front the club, about to duck to the east Now play yourself, you gon' find yourself by yourself In a nice place ducked off with fucked up health I done been strucked and snuck, but never fucked and stuck My life is four hundred degrees, so I bust 'em up Still stickin' to the g-code, Ree's, and B's Quit drinkin', but I will smoke some weed indeed All they understand is my project English And if you don't like it, you can kiss my penis (Hook-4x [B.G.]) We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) [B.G.] I run the streets 'cause I'm real if it's daylight or dark You a killer, nigga? (Eah?) Ain't no fear in my heart I'll go toe to toe with ya or take ya to war I'll even go K for K with ya - now make your choice Better know when I'm in beef that I be creepin', nigga Better know that I'm a snake, and I'ma sneak ya, nigga Each time I hit the corner, I be leavin' niggas Momma upset - can't even go on and grievin', nigga Nothin' change - I'm on TV, I don't play with you niggas Still the same that'll spin broad day on you niggas And empty a hundred out that K Where you're caught hangin' is where you're left stankin', ya heard me I've been in the game - niggas know what I'm 'bout So many murders under my belt, I done lost count If you wanna be another number, my nigga Go ahead, drop your nuts, and run up, my nigga (Hook [B.G.]) We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) Now, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) Nigga, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) Now, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) And we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) Look, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Whaa?) Look, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) [Lil Wayne] Hello, world I zip through fast in a yellow pearl drop Porsche Boxter Young mobster, wild and obnoxious Pop some in your dreadlocks - What? Me not no rookie, boy Glock cookin', boy I'll turn your forehead to a pussy, boy Off the gate, cousin, you niggas gon' make me stalk and spray somethin' Spark or lace somethin' Park the car, get out, walk, and spray somethin' Taught to stay thuggin' brought up in this shit that we call America And in my hood the laws are scared of us - we are too terrible If I live to be old, it's a miracle 'cause the way a nigga hatin' or bitch plottin', the shit's hysterical  That's why I keep me two big guns on blast like a stereo Come to your burial and kill anybody else who care for you Don't blame me, society changed me You haul white, you smash powder all night for the fast dollar Cut off lights, we masked riders The hood trash got us in a position we can't shake With boys we can't break, and due to that you ain't safe, bitch (Hook [B.G.]) We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) Look, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up, nigga (Ooohh!) (Did you see that?) We hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) And we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) (Did you see that?) We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) Boy, look, We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) Look, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) Look, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) [B.G. (talking)] Nigga - we put holes in you bitch-ass niggas, ya heard me We don't barrow nothin', don't fear nothin' And ain't nothin' you can do 'bout these (Hot! Hot! Hot!) Boy$, nigga Let 'em burn, nigga Let 'em burn, nigga B.Geezy, Lil Wheezy, Juvy, Two Tymer The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Hot Boys, Mannie Fresh Album: Lights Out Song: Shine Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com [Wayne] What, wha, wha, wha, wha What, wha, wha, wha, wha Cash Mo-ney Millionaires So take it there [Juvenile] Yellow Viper, yellow Hummer, Yellow Benz Yellow PT Cruiser, yellow 'Lac on rims Drop yellow 'Vette and a platinum Rolls Royce That's seven different cars, everyday I got a choice On my way to pick up Joyce, she be makin me moist Givin me head while she hummin, she can play with her voice And she got nice thighs, a big plump ass She could ride a dick too, make me cum fast I like them modelin bitches, I love them swallowin bitches Where them hoes headed at, I'm 'bout to follow them bitches (let's go) I know you with your folks, but that nigga is broke You might as well open your legs up and let a nigga poke I'm a show you what it is not to be a window shopper Mama you can have Fendi, mama you can have Prada All you gotta do is break a nigga off proper You could be with your man, I ain't tryna stop ya [Chorus: Mannie Fresh] (Shine) - From my head down to my shoes (Shine) - Skiiiiirtin on twenty-two's (Shine) - Check my baby mamma (Shine) - Whip Rovers, not Hondas (Shine) - I'ma spend it 'til it's gone (Shine) - Don't know when I'm comin home (Shine) - Pop X and drank Cris' (Shine) - My life is the shit [Lil Wayne] And the name be fire Wayne, ice and change You can catch me in an aqua range, squattin things With them twenty-two inch chopper blades Diamond face, diamond brace More colors than the game Simon Says Go, 'hind me And mami on forty-fifth she told me "I'm a lez" And she ain't like too much of dick  but give the bombest head, and so I took it anyway But bitch I got family, don't need your pussy anyway OK, let's talk about this ice that I'm carryin All these karats like I'm a fuckin vegetarian Niggas play, I bury them, y'all already knowin I threw up my arm and bitches thought it started snowin See I'm a keep it goin, Big Tymin, you heard's me? Dog I got cake like everyday my birthday Wait, don't think they heard me I say dog I got cake like everyday my birthday [B.G.] I'ma Hot Boy, that's name brand and top of the line Ride fly daily, all year 'round I shine Ain't a nigga and they mama gonna stop me dog Come through on dub-dueces, they jock me dog Glock cocked for haters tryna block me dog Catch 'em so low, they geezy, don't shock me dog Well get the fuck, slide on out the way And let B.G. ease down the shinin linen Let the diamonds and the jewelry light shit up Each piece of jewelry I own, I ice it up You don't wanna put your vehicle next to us 'Cause all of our vehicles, we dress 'em up With television, Dreamcast, DVDs Nice sounds, buttons, it's twenties I'm a Cash Money Hot Big Tymer nigga That'll hold a pinky finger up and blind ya nigga [Turk] I'm a stunt 'til I die, so you better respect it Cause whoever try testin is gonna be restin I'm a young millionaire, Hot Boy, Lil' Turk Bling blingin everyday, plus I got work (bling) Nigga like me stay in the cut twenty-four/seven Steady stackin my ends on dubs, twenty-four/seven Every car you wish you had, we got it, we got it Bentleys, Hummers and Jags, big bodies, big bodies Love to floss, no secret stun'ner's Niggas steady baller block, can't take nothin from us Young nigga, livin a life surrounded by ice Hoes be like, "Damn, them boys, they're nothin nice" They on fire, that must be them Hot Boys You motherfuckin right, you think this not girl? Better think twice, get it right dog Know you recognize, we got it on lock for all [Chorus] - 2x [Mannie Fresh] Uhh, uhh, uhh Huh uh (oh shit) 2001 - my life is the shit, know why? (Lemme see that) {*Fresh sings a couple of vocables*} I'm representing, I'ma spit it (bling) As long as they make that shit - I'ma break that shit Ya heard me? It's like that; believe that This year; fuck it - I said it befo' and I meant it I'm buyin me a city New Mannie, Louisiana - ya biaaatch yooou, ooohh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Turk f/ Hakiem (The Capos) Album: Young & Thuggin' Song: Project Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Turk] They got this nigga named Rob, and Rob is my dog His people doin' bad, sometimes I break him off I got love for the nigga  'round my way, they doin' bad Every time we come outside, we say, "Look at they dirty ass." He ain't worried 'bout it, he just keep his head up And say, "One day, I'ma be straight. Y'all just watch when I come up." Some days, my dog don't have nothin' to eat Man, that shit is cold, but sometime that's how it be His momma on stones, daddy on hero'n Whole household fucked up  all of them bitches gone Dog, they know they gone, tryin' to score from me Knowin' I be with they son every day of the week But they don't care  fuck that, not gon' play it like that That's my motherfuckin' round, so I'ma give him respect Even though shit fucked up, my round still be chillin' Gettin' it how he live in this project livin' (Hook [Hakiem]) In the project, niggas don't wan' see you come up You don't give 'em what they want, they gon' fuck your head up Like a man, bruh  you know how it be goin' down Nigga be straight project when they livin' uptown In the project, you know niggas be stun'n, round If a nigga don't play ya nigga, go lay your ass down Like a man, bruh  you know how it be goin' down Nigga be straight thuggin' when they livin' uptown [Turk] Look Verse two, and I'ma talk about these project broads Stealin' clothes, gettin' hustles, usin' them credit cards Gettin' how they could, anyway that they can Wearin' each other clothes, fuckin' each other man Gotta respect they mind, let 'em do what they do Broads like to look good, and they like to shine, too Havin' babies like that ain't nothin' for niggas with names Them hoes love a nigga with that project fame Sittin' on the porch, just gossipin' 'Bout any and everything that be happenin' This shit's real  get it how they live in the brick You should know how it is if you live in the bricks They do whatever it takes to keep a lil' cake Catch them a duck, they want everything that he make Yeah, they play it raw, but I ain't mad at 'em I just let 'em do they thing, dog, I ain't mad at 'em (Hook [Hakiem]) [Turk] Everyday, it's the same old shit, but different toilets Either you're hustlin' or you're starvin' like Marvin Livin' from pillar to post, beggin' niggas for jo's Gettin' played like a junky, disrespected by hoes 'Cause ain't no nigga gon' give you shit, get it for yourself Flip 'til you can't flip no more for yourself Gotta get off your ass  make it happen, my nigga Even if it come down to you pullin' that trigga Nigga, look, don't worry 'bout the next nigga They gon' hate ya anyway, and that's a fact, nigga So while they hatin', you just keep doin' your thing Nigga get outta line is when you let your nuts hang In the project, nigga don't wan' see you come up You don't give 'em what they want, they just fuck your head up Like a man, bruh  you know how it be goin' down Nigga be straight project livin' uptown (Hook-2x [Hakiem]) In the project, niggas don't wan' see you come up You don't give 'em what they want, they gon' fuck your head up Like a man, bruh  you know how it be goin' down Nigga be straight project when they livin' uptown In the project, you know niggas be stun'n, round If a nigga don't play ya nigga, go lay your ass down Like a man, bruh  you know how it be goin' down Nigga be straight project when they livin' uptown The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Lloyd Banks, Tony Yayo (G-Unit) & Juvenile, Skip, Young Buck (U.T.P.) Album: 50 Cent is the Future Song: A Little Bit of Everything U.T.P. Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Skip] Everytime I'm in the kitchen, you in the kitchen Let me finish this brick, 'fore you put that fish in Listen, I know we just came from fishin But I'm on a mission, you see, there's money that I'm missin I got 'em posted, so the move and I'm gonna murder y'all You and all the trouble goin through by servin y'all And only cause my man heard of y'all Other than that, shit, y'all won't get served at all [Tony Yayo] I went from oodles and noodles to lobster and shrimp I went from bare bubble coats, to brand new minks And yo my neck upgraded, my wrist's upgraded I stay C of F, I ain't got time for Jacob I'm still on the strip, tryin to get my grims off Nigga tryin to flip and its a Mexican stand off I put a hole in your grill, with the nine mil Dressed in all black, lookin for souls to steal [Chorus] - 2X Little bit of dust, little bit of cocaine Little bit of dro, little bit of heroine A little bit of ecstacy That's why your bitch want to be next to me We sell a little bit a everything [Young Buck] I put the two Mags, up to your doo rag And rockaby baby, I'm in the blue Jag with new tags, in case you wanna chase I never knew that, the impact, comin up out a Desert Eagle A make a nigga wob and wiggle screamin call my people We got these fiends pourin liters, and they shootin needles Need to be takin your connection, cause we got it cheaper Shit I ain't new to this, I met this air stewardess Who knows the ins and outs on how to get it in and out, nigga [Lloyd Banks] Ya if I put a dress code all black, nine hows and a laser And the party is an ink pen, bottle, or a razor Your hollerin for praise ya, catch me in the hood with a model named Taysha And the swallow game major These cowards ain't gangsta, they tellin you lies by sellin you dreams And they ain't fill ins, they fiends Plus they rat, and it's too hot to chill in the sun My pops 39 years old, and still on the run [Juvenile] Wodie what you want, you want dope, you want coke Wodie what you want, you want X, you want dro Shit you got beef, I got a tec and a fo' You feelin' hot and moist, I even get you a ho If you don't got no whip, I get you a car If you don't got no skills, I get your some more My nigga we don't cut it, we serve it raw Got anythin you want, play us awful hard [50 Cent] My 22's bling, so niggaz scheme 745i clean, this little shell nigga, fuck a triple beam  Coffee pot to cook coke, Joe to smoke, I was born to loc Method cut the coke, 50 no joke I ain't "Scarface", no women, no kids, I don't give a fuck  Better teach that bitch, and that little nigga to duck With a P-90 Ruger, I put shots all through ya If you survive you gonna feel what talent do to ya The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beelow f/ Juvenile Album: Ballin 4 Billions Song: Big Body Typed by: HotBoi226@aol.com [Chorus: Beelow] Big bodies, them big bodies What you playin in, them big bodies Them big bodies What you flossin in, them big bodies Them big bodies What you thuggin in, them big bodies Them big bodies [Beelow] You like them woodgrain Suburbans on them 20 inch mo's Say you ballin out of control and you be shinin like gold Like a fresh 9-9 on some Lorenzo's Candy paint with the kit behind the mirror gettin blowed How you do it my niggas out the B.R.C. Pushin weight, makin cake, takin over the street Got a Rolie on my wrist that'll blind ya fawl For everyday of the week I got a brand new car Drop it all and run and tell yo bitch what you saw Beelow layin it down like a superstar Clown nigga, grab yo piece and I'll be quicker to draw Ballin clique thugged out and we be bout to go off In them [Juvenile] What was you thinkin bout my nigga when you say what you said You must feel like that you a dog and I cant touch yo head It ain't nothin you can say to me that'll make me afraid I done fought wit niggas like you, everyone of 'em dead I done fucked some of the baddest hoes shawty done made Put the dick on the bitch like I can't just walk on away Can you picture a nigga holdin my dick on the cover of Blaze Number one spotted on your radio for 70 days Throw a concert in the SuperDome and pack it like MAZE Cash Money put it together so I'm finally paid We was tied up in the ???, now we runnin away Niggas aint gon' shut us up wit gatlin guns in our face And we gon' keep these bitches asses shakin up in the place Drink everything we pay for 'cause aint nothin to waste Oh, ya'll niggas 'bout ya issue, I know ya'll can relate I'm tryin to lace you wit this game so that all of ya'll can be straight [Beelow] Now I'ma run it for my playas in that BRC Thugged out, straight flossin in them big bodies We paper chasers, slangin weighters , all we want is the cheese Down south takin over is off the heezie I say black Navies, Suburbans, LX450's Leather seats, V.C.'s, wit 4 TV's Layin it down when I clown and I hit yo street Yo baby mama and yo kids payin 'tention to me Beelow ak'n bad, layin it down, flossed up Straight ridin through the ward in a fresh Lexus truck I'm ak'n bad like I told ya And if you don't have a big body then pullover 20 inch shells on the bird, that's how we roll brah My ballin clique is layin it down like some soljas Now talk that shit and bring the heat if you got beef And you will find that you never gonna cross me I'm tearin it down wit a rush when I come through And if you not flossin big bodies then it's on you [Beelow] Now I'ma run it for my playas in that BRC Thugged out, straight flossin in them big bodies Paper chasers, slangin weight, all we want is the cheese Down south takin over is off the heezie I'ma run in it for my playas in that BRC Thugged out, straight flossin in them big bodies Paper chasers, slangin weight, all we want is the cheese Down south takin over is off the heezie [Juvenile 'til fade] Niggas ridin big bodies We done did that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beelow f/ Da Ganksta, Juvenile, Thug Addict, Young Bleed Album: Ballin' 4 Billions Song: Bitch Made Niggaz Typed by: hot_boyz@mail.com Chorus: Bitch made niggaz Ho ass niggaz Punk ass, pussy ass, trick ass niggaz Bitch made niggaz Ho made niggaz You's a punk, you's a pussy, you's a bitch ass niggaz Thug Addict: Tell me how you gon' try to compare to a fuckin' baller man Better go to war with Saddam Hussien nigga fuck we be playin' Get your ass cut shot wit' the pistol boy Get your head knocked off put a hole in your top I don't fuck around wit' no bitch made nigga,  no ho ass nigga, no punk ass nigga That talk that muthafuckin' talk  but really can't walk that muthafuckin' walk ass nigga Heart be beatin' a bout a hundred miles a hour Talkin' that shit but know you coward Now you bout to get your punk ass fouled I'ma getcha, threw you nigga Put muthafuckin' whole straight through you nigga Man fuck you nigga, you a ho ass nigga Ol' soft ass nigga, ma and pa ass nigga I'll throw down the wall knock down the door Cut a hole in the floor and put some dick in ya ho I'll give it to you 'til you can't take no mo' And treat you like a funky ass, stanky ass ho Chorus: 2x Beelow: You that nigga that be drunk as a bitch You that nigga that's at the bar talkin' loud but ain't sayin' shit You that nigga you that nigga that mean muggin' but ain't bout that mess You that nigga You that nigga that talkin' shit cause you got that tat on your chest You that pussy ass nigga with that roughneck frown You that same pussy nigga run when you hear that sound You that nigga that's on the side sayin' he wish he was you You that nigga that talkin' hit about the fuck you gon' do You that nigga that's plotin' on the side to rob your friends You that nigga talk your business just to get you ass in You that nigga ballin' clear but can't can't take care of your kids You that nigga that's always lyin' bout that fuck you don' did You that nigga that's makin' record but ya ain't sold shit You that nigga that's mad as hell cause I'm fuckin' your bitch You that nigga that got bust and know you rattin' and shit You that nigga that's off in jail on the next man dick You that nigga that's out there cops-a-talkin' worse than a bitch You that nigga that play your people when it's time for inches You that nigga on the passenger side bootin' like it's your heart I'm that nigga that's on the side that'll pull your ho card You bitch made nigga Chorus: 2x Juvenile: Wodie, ya bitch made, that way since 6th grade But I roll with big K's, and I'll leave the bitch dead Head busta, up and comer, pathetic muthafucka Get in my business, Juve's ready muthhafucka Got a scope for you bold niggaz We broke niggaz, choke niggaz That scream, "Where the fuckin' dope niggaz" There's a whole bunch of niggaz wit' PhD's >From Jersey, Cali, and the UPT Can't have ya shit This haterism givin' niggaz a fit Under 30 in my 223 click Massed up position to buck on To persuade these bitch ass niggaz to get the fuck on Young Bleed: I gives a fuck about you, you bitch you Don't make me hit you and split you Like a Ginsu, you crooked Open up a can a stomp ass on a nigga Or play target practice with that nigga Hilfiger A gravedigger, smoke a nigga just like a swisa You can run but you can't Ill still come and get ya Be a man klet's do it like the G's do nigga That's me and you not your whole crew nigga What you scared Got them black talons comin at yo head Talk a lot of shit but when it went down you fled You can't escape that infrared Rounds and rounds of hot lead, now that punk bitch is dead Da Ganksta: It ain't no muthafuckin' game nigga, so why the fuck is you playin' It's like these bitch made niggaz don't understand Even off at the mall you ain't say a muhafuckin' thing And you ain't use 'em, you act like you don't want your fuckin' brains And this thang go, off in this game ho Oh you ain't know, whooooaaa, there your brain's go Nigga what you know about that real shit Now what you know about the life bitch That sharper than a knife shit Fuckin' round'll get you fucked over Ho, fake ass ho ass wanna be hard soldier I see down and hardened ass nigga runnin' 'round fakin' the funk And they gon' learn when a nigga knock off a chunk Ol' punk pussy ass nigga in the boot ass bitch you Nigga where your heart at Where ya nuts at nigga you's a ho Chorus: 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Kap + Funkmaster Flex f/ Cash Money Millionaires Album: The Tunnel Song: Respect Typed by: Fabulous18@aol.com FUNKMASTER FLEX: funkflex big kap cash money LIL WAYNE: even if i don't get no taller i'm a always be a c.m.b baller wanted for manslaughter they call me quick drawer weezie 2 pistols  i bought me a revolver a "k" and 2 missles look i'm ready for war but do you fell the same?!?!?! look come swim in my water tangle wit lil wayne  brah you must be retarda don't know bout my niggaz?!?!?! i'm a 17 off ya runnin with gurillas life's group is my big brotha thugged out and ready but just a lil shorta but gangsta like joe pesci get ready to cock it and let it cut a nigga like mashedee's turn em to confetti (all gone) they want it raw dogg so give em all hair dressed up in camoflauge me juve in a v12 just duck tape the nigga throw his body in the lake i ain't like him anyway cause the nigga too fake chorus 2x i take respect nigga (ya playin the wrong one) i'll break ya neck nigga (ya playin wit da wrong gun) i use k's to wet niggaz (i'm spraying da whole room) better watch you back nigga (lil one that's a wrap) JUVENILE: my worries was to get paid and double my earn go at it don't be affraid and keep on burning don't let it go to my head and take care of my children stay outta all of that bullshit and change my appearence i fears no muthafucka i'm a man ya know ya want beef but i choose it with the calicoes MAGNOLIA MY HOME and it's gon always be you get a tresspassing charge when you fuckin with me and it won't be the police when it's bringing you down it will be a whole bunch of niggaz that's banging them rounds tearing it down how that 3rd ward uptown fuckin around, got a nigga stuck, what now?!?!?! we could do this shit, pursue this shit ya know we knew this shit, went through this shit befoe blood thicker than water and that's all the time you takes  nothing from me cause i'm a war for mine chorus 2x B.G.: i play the game realer than the average killer on the streets ain't no way i could have a bitch nigga thinking i'm weak i tote heat so be prepared to release ya herd me (ya herd me) play myself, she slipped and the busta served me (uh-uh) i rips it up, hit ya block, lift the bitch up tell me what else could i do besides down or get drowned that's why when i'm off in drama i goes out come in ya house click clack in ya baby mama's mouth that's what it's about if ya doubt that in the projects with ya head chopped where ya found at I DID THAT i'm a nigga that be squeezing the trigga at random nabbin niggaz we call hoe busta's for ransom they don't call they people up tell em i blast em that's how it go in the game fuckin right i blast them i'm a fool with that black 9 eh and i got a click that's full of soldiers  coming in that water behind me, NO RESPECT FOR YA BITCH chorus 5x Artist: Bombshell & Baby Capone f/ Juvenile Album: Bullethead Soundtrack Song: Hold Tight Typed by: Ltsjet@aol.com (Juvenile) I makes the money, I don't let the money make me, Business as good as usual cuz it's a great street, My life is like a see-saw, I had some good times and had some bad times Nigga was down to his last dime, I slept in a pissy hallway til' my people came and got me, Now a nigga ballin' and none of y'all won't top it, Nigga you muthafuckin' right my 99 you could type, Nigga you muthafuckin' right I'm bout to paint it with stripes, Nigga you muthafuckin' right it's C-M-R for life, Nigga you muthafuckin' right I slit your throat with a knife, What'cha really needs to be doin' is peepin' out my background, Before I stop you from playin', with this blat-blat sound, Nigga what's happenin' with you, what's up with your boys? Tell them lil' muthafuckas to stop talkin' that noise, Hold tight, hold tight, I'm bout to rape you for your life, Hold tight, hold tight, or you won't make it through the night Chorus (Bombshell & Baby Capone): Hold tight, hold tight or you won't make it through the night, You bullshittin', you must don't value your life, Hold tight, hold tight, or you won't make it through the night, You bullshittin', you must don't value you life (Baby Capone) Only thought about it once, didn't think a second time, When a nigga came bustin' at me and runnin' with that nine, But then I realized, that I'm the tightest nigga that's on the street, And if I bust back and cause casualties then it'll be sweet, Been in this for four years,  and a fifth year approachin', I'm bout to shine, And ain't no nigga up in this city that can tell me bout mine, See you blind bruh, talkin' about these diamonds I'm bout to get, But what I'm bouts to get,  ain't got a DAMNED thing to do with this shit, See I live here, you live there, we all live fair, Talkin' about that Sharp clique, and Ca$h Money,  you don't look but you stare, See you done bought you some fight,  and you done made it most of the night, So the next thing, you gonna come around here and murder me tonight? Chorus (Bombshell) See me, I'm the type of nigga that's gonna get down for mine, I don't be sayin' too much, I light the spark and you dyin', I ain't lyin', these old bustas they be spyin' on me, They got they muthafuckin' mind on me, they tryin' to be, The one and only, muthafucka to stop, This here, what I'm doin', I ain't never had shit, So I ain't gone let you ruin, Bombshell on the rise, Look into my eyes, You'z a I know that you know what I'm talkin' bout, Nashville, New Orleans, niggas ridin' clean, And nigga ain't talkin' bout nothin' bitch what the fuck you mean? Baby Capone tell Brady get them tones, We bringin' it on, My nigga we in a War Zone, My gun is ready to bust, Ain't too many I'm ready to trust, Sharp clique, represent, On your head I leave a nick, Hold tight, 'fore you don't make it through the night, You bullshittin', you must don't value your life Chorus Artist: Bun B f/ Juvenile, Webbie Album: II Trill Song: Pop it 4 Pimp Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com Mouse on the track, that'll make you bounce and act, what... [repeat 2X] Shake it like you mean it Shake it like you mean it Shake it like you mean it girl Shake it like you mean it [Chorus One] All my H-Town women gon' pop it for pimp All my Baton Rouge women gon' pop it for pimp All my ATL women gon' pop it for pimp All my Birmingham women gon' pop it for pimp [Interlude] Pop it for pimp (gon') pop it for pimp (Gon') Pop it for pimp (gon') pop it for pimp (Gon') Pop it for pimp (gon') pop it for pimp (Gon') Pop it for pimp (gon') pop it for pimp [Bun B] Now all my ladies to the dance flo', it's time to do ya thang You see the piece of chain, you see the panky rang Now this one ain't a joke, and this one ain't a game You got to twurk for my baby brother, now show no shame You already know who you came fo' and why you came And why you comin, you hear the 8-0-8 drummin Let a hater hate, woman that's what they gon' do Now pop it for the pimp, you see a trill nigga want you But you gotta be down, to fuck with me and my round You ain't gon' pop it for the pimp, bitch get yo' ass out of town You got to take it off and let me see it, with no delay So if you miss the pimp let me hear you say, c'mon [Interlude] [Chorus Two] All my women up in Philly gon' pop it for pimp All my St. Louis women gon' pop it for pimp All my Carolina women gon' pop it for pimp All my Las Vegas women gon' pop it for pimp [Juvenile] Yeah, yeah I love the way you work a pole yeah, Nicole yeah Make a nigga spend his dough yeah, ya po' yeah Ain't finished I got mo' yeah, to throw yeah You will buy it and ya know yeah, and show yeah Go on pop it for my nigga P-I-, M-P Busy out there with my nigga B.I., and P-A-C Streets fuck wit'chu and I can see why, you a G You could pop it girl but after this, it's you and me It don't matter if you got a day job or a stripper Shake it like you mean it bitch, I'm a good tipper It's been a minute, damn you done got thicker And that ass look better when a nigga on liquor (Pop it for pimp) {*repeat 5X*} Whoa whoa whoa, whoa whoa whoa... (yeah) [Chorus Three] All my women up in Dallas gon' pop it for pimp All my Chattanooga women gon' pop it for pimp All my Ca$hville women gon' pop it for pimp All my M-I-A women gon' pop it for pimp [Interlude] w/ ad libs [Webbie] Gon' keep it trill shorty hairy asshole All the real bad bitches get down on the flo' If you gon' do it good I throw a lil' dough If you do it a lil' better I throw a lil' mo' Make somebody tell them bitches we gon' need mo' ones Hit the room with me and Bun, it'll be so fun Big titties, big buns, yeah she a thugga Pop it like a firecracker, bet'cha Pimp'll love her Check it out, stretch it out, go on 'head, let it out Don't be shy, take your time, I know your mama had a fine ass daughter I ain't lyin, I'll beat it like it's mine Nah I ain't Sweet Jones but I keep a freak on, yeah [Interlude] [Chorus One] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B f/ Juvenile, Too $hort Album: Trill Song: Who Need a B Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  Biatch! (biatch, biatch) Biatch! (biatch, biatch) Bia-bia-bia-b-b-biatch! (biatch) Bia-bia-bia-biatch! (biatch) Bia-bia-bia-b-b-biatch! (biatch) Bia-bia-bia-biatch! (biatch) [Bun B] Say, I'm all about this bread, all about this cheese Pimpin be handlin up man, I breaks 'em off with the ease Fuck it, I'm all about this paper, all about these thangs And in case you can't recognize though, you fuckin with a mack Silly, I'm all about this chedder, all about the dirt So don't be surprised if you see me straight gettin it off a hoe Stupid, I'm all about these ducats, all about this scrilla I got no reservation, 'bout breakin bitches fo' real Get it, cause Bun Beada bring the heat to the fire You think pimpin ain't pimpin, you's a motherfuckin liar Sorry, messiah of the strollin, king of the corner Junkster, I've been sellin cock since you was playin pop wanna Little, I'm on a mission for seven figures to fo' Straight out a bitch mouth, pussy and her asshole Believe me, as it was told to me, that's how I'm tellin it So if anybody buyin pussy I'm sellin it - who need a bitch! [Chorus: Bun B] If anybody need a bitch then I got one Put her in the drop and you could let her ride shotgun She could suck your duck, while you mash on the gas Or you could take her to the crib and put some dick in her ass Who need a (biatch) - if anybody need a bitch just holla I got top notch pussy for ya for the white dollar We poppin our collars and dustin these Gators off Not to mention we brushin these haters off Now tell me who need a (biatch) [Juvenile] Oooh, a nigga like me I'll take you down to Daytona and let you work your body I done put out APB's for the right freaks Some bad bitches in here tonight we might need (where my hoes?) And she really with hittin the tracks So we don't never have a problem about bringin it back Nope, she don't back-talk me when we up in the 'Llac Cause she know it ain't nothin for me to give her a smack (what'chu need?) I need a bitch that'll get up on a plane Put it up in the pussy and come back on a train (when did she trip out?) She don't want me to get after her mayne Callin when she get somethin cause she know I ain't playin (it's official!) I'm a pimp bitch, you know where the gun be I'm ridin shotgun with $hort Dog and Bun B This game doin time, but it be back They got pussy on the market, where the G's at? [Too $hort] Biatch! On your mind You can't hold back, now's the time Jump in the car and go pick her up Take her somewhere, so you could fuck If you wanted to, you could knock her All you gotta do, is take her shoppin A lil' extra cash, for her pocket Next thing you know, you'll be fuckin (Biatch!) I like to do the opposite I charge these hoes when they want some dick I spit the game and they don't complain Too $hort baby, that's my name Real players need ladies, to have some fun If I had seven, and you had none I'd give you one, but you gots to pay Trick motherfucker, what'chu say? You need a biatch! [Outro: Too $hort] Y'all niggaz ain't got no hoes What'chu know about that nigga? $hort Dog fuckin with my boy Bun B My old school, pimpin playa partner Texas boys ride, biatch! Oh no, me I don't need no bitches I got too many hoes right now I'm tryin to get rid of some of these bitches mayne You need a bitch? Take this bitch right here playa, take her The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cha Cha f/ Jim Crow, Juvenile, Trick Daddy Album: Dear Diary Song: It's Like That Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Trick Daddy] I just hope y'all niggas know That when it's time that you niggas gotta be ready for war You niggas gotta be prepared You niggas gotta know that I'm serious about this shit I'mma run 'em down, nigga I've done been used, abused, and accused of things that ain't true And been told some shit about some things that ain't even new But what I done heard is true, I know y'all done heard it too Been saying shit like Trick run hit from a bird or two And y'all claiming that I'm the man I got these banging ass bitches standing around with their hands out Word is on the streets is that a nigga like me Done went from jack boy from dope boy in less than a week See I got more snitches and bitches than my clique ever saw And I hang with crooked ass judges, lawyers, cops, and robbers I wish I had a block of that shit I give my block to my chick And set up shop in this bitch I wish I meant a country bitch from a hick town and I Send her to get a table and break a whole half of brick down Y'all niggas know it cost money to go to war And I know a couple niggas with a couple of millions to blow, it's on 1 - [Jim Crow]   It's on, just stay calm   We ain't bullshittin' nigga we droppin' bombs   Uhh it's like that   Ain't done right the first time we coming back   It's on, just stay calm   We ain't bullshittin' nigga we droppin' bombs   Uhh it's like that   Ain't done right the first time we coming back [Jim Crow] Ha, Cha Cha We got the hoes in a headlock now Cha A new millennium baby Make 'em bounce, make 'em bounce [Cha Cha] Where can I start cause baby girl ain't go no ghetto tales I'd rather tell how good the leather smell in the SL That was eleventh and twelfth Been ahead of myself So these broads been trying to ride before accepted this wealth Wasn't born with silver spoons Seen plenty of silver moons Sat in mid June on the beaches of Cancun And that was just family trips Ride in grip family whips Now it's my own candy six, nigga you ain't hand me this So what you beefin' this? Believe me this I'll have you on your knees for this Just pleading the fifth You acting real displeased with this, fatigued a bit? You're messing with this seasoned chick That'll leave ya sick Take it all, y'all won't be needing Call her six, no let mommy hold the keys to this Don't even trip you know we like two peas in this Breathe evilness, And we won't split until we even this Deceitfulness, where it's at, yeah Repeat 1 [Juvenile] I just come up with money from busting heads And niggas I fuck with just got out of the feds My paper done got scraped So naw cool relax Yo Juve what you doing? Look I'm just chilling to the max My niggas already left me and they ain't coming back I look like a drug dealer They think I'm selling crack If the motherfuckin' money ain't right I ain't handling it Nigga I don't wanna talk to you so stop mouthing Can't you see that Juve 'bout his business boy? Or do I have to put holes in your kidneys boy? Straight up knock the bitch out We'll pick the bitch up Then get rough and duck, cut them, Cha is loose in the cut Look that wouldn't happen to you if you'd mind her And y'all been hustling, warning this is my turn Fuck the press, fuck a tv, fuck a cd When you got money come and see me Repeat 1 (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: C-Note f/ Juvenile, Bun B, Godfather Album: Street Fame Song: Know What I'm Talkin' Bout Typed by: Lil Hustle [Hook] This one, got 'em bopping to this Keep 'em all day in the mall, shopping to this Riding on them chrome'y blades, steady chopping to this And I'm in a rag top, steady dropping to this Know what I'm tal'n bout, one time clocking to this Cause the bang in the trunk, steady knocking to this Keep the nine millimeter guns, cocking to this And you gon know me when you see me, by the rocks on my wrist [C-Note] Plenty hoes, showing me love (know I'm tal'n bout), got the Benz sitting on dubs (know I'm tal'n bout), that's the way we do in the South (know I'm tal'n bout), put them diamonds in your mouth (know I'm tal'n bout), pulling up looking real clean (know I'm tal'n bout), Navigator filled with screens (know I'm tal'n bout), got my grill filled with diamonds (know I'm tal'n bout), got the bumper steady reclining As you see, I'm from the Third Coast nigga Balling, what we does most nigga C-Note, y'all can't come close nigga Freeze, so y'all can't stop my niggaz Got a lot of women, when we up in the club Walk outside, and we sitting on dubs Ballers and thugs, steady showing me love Fly like a dove, in them planes above know I'm tal'n bout [Hook] [Bun B] King of this rap thang, in the Lone Star Everyday we smoke kill, pop pills on bar (know I'm tal'n bout), coming out the Westside vecinity Fuck a crowd fuck the law, fuck over the enemy (know I'm tal'n bout), king of the after-hours I'm able To walk up in to Cornbread's, and pick a pool table (know I'm tal'n bout), put dice on it put a price on it Lick every nigga with it, got advice on it (know I'm tal'n bout), you want it damn fool pick a number And we'll find six feet of dirt, to get you under (know I'm tal'n bout), did it befo' we'll do it again Let's take it back to '92, smoking fluid again (know I'm tal'n bout), you let him damn him do it to you Acting like you wasn't G's, when you knew it was true (know I'm tal'n bout), we coming through your HQ in a blue S2 In 2000 and 2, now what you gonna do know I'm tal'n bout [Hook] [Godfather] Know what I'm tal'n bout, loving Down South They dub like horses, with gold in they mouth In the E Class, when I see ass Horn beep-beep, then I pull up fast Love for the Third, when the Third got birds Roll big birds, sip on syrup Whole club pumping, everybody jumping Like Kriss-Kross, never take a big loss If I get pulled over, it'll get tossed Stay hogging, cause I'm the big boss Bun B, C-Note murder we wrote O.G.'s, now relax wrap ski boats Big pimping, fuck leave her limping Ecstasy pills, got her heart trembling Got a lot of women, never be simping Dudes out of line, I be homicide attempting [Hook] [Juvenile] I'm bout to put the double R, in the spot It look clean when it drop, but it's rough with the top Man I got, four or five of y'all Everyday trying to figure, what I drive is hard 45 inch bus, studio in the bus DVD satellite, I ain't kidding you black If I owe money, gotta be to the max Third Coast baby, I'm speaking the facts Better sco' from me now, other niggaz'll tax If you don't have what I want, look I'm giving it back I'ma snatch me a hoe, before I go to the pad And hope she give me head, let me go in the ass Man I see a whole lot of people, up in the club Women shaking they ass, niggaz throwing it up And recognize, when the real in this bitch And you try to take me under, but I'm still in this bitch [Hook] (*talking*) Bun B, Juvenile, C-Note off that (know I'm tal'n bout) Putting it down Third Coast style (know I'm tal'n bout) Grizz on the track got my back, what up with it (know I'm tal'n bout), Big Shot Records we here to stay baby Know I'm tal'n bout - 4x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: C-Note f/ Baby, Juvenile Album: Third Coast Born 2000 Song: Nah Typed by: Lil Hustle (*talking*) Cook and cut, nigga Ice believe it, playboy #1 Stunner nigga [Baby] These niggaz got Atrice, fucked up My shit came, but my package bust up Whoever did it to me, they hiding out I'ma kill him, if I find out What I gotta lie about, I done been through it We'll do it in a minute, CF-5 with the windows tinted My whole wardrobe, Jabos and Reeboks tennis Before it's over, all my people gon be up in it [Juvenile] You might see me up in Popeye's, trying to get me some grub You might see me bat this bitch up, cause she went to the club You might see me following behind, C-Note on dubs You might see me leading it, one of these hoes wan' fuck I'm not a number one stunner, but I'm still in the race Baby holding it down, I'm just pleading my case I want's my position, nigga leave me some space They gotta let me do this, cause I know what it takes [Hook] Now if you rolling in the club, and you sitting on dubs Let me hear you say (nah, nah) You got that ice up on your wrist, and you know you the shit Let me hear you say (nah, nah) You scratching haters off your list, hollin' Screwed Up Click Let me hear you say (nah, nah) [C-Note] C-Note I know you loving my style, I'm like I'm child And Juvenile, got these hoes running wild Botany Boys/Hot Boys, we be nothing but soldiers Putting it down from that Clover, all the way to that Nolia Got these tats up on my arm, R.I.P. to that Gator Two straps up in my palm, bust on all of you haters Trying to put twenty karats, up around my throat I'm trying to put living lavish, all up on my boat Third Coast down South, we be living real lovely Rolls Royce with that grill, got me looking real bubbly And I just spent another mill, on my new-new home Cause you looking at my rims, cause they two-two chrome And them boys put they candy, on them S.U.V.'s Full equipped Playstation, with the DVD's And I just put plenty platinum, up on my Hummer I roll around in Houston Texas, with the #1 Stunner the #1 Stunner [Hook] If you the type of boy, that put the rocks in your grill Let me hear you say (nah, nah) If you the type of boy, that put the mansion on the hill Let me hear you say (nah, nah) Spent 300 on your cars, cause we ghetto stars Let me hear you say (nah, nah) Steady blowing on them gars, got the mansion with bars Let me hear you say (nah, nah) [C-Note] Now who feared by niggaz, and loved by broads Love driving fast cars, playing with expensive toys Acting bad haters mad, we in a Testerosa Nigga shine like them diamonds, on the Botany poster Homie best to get your roll on, like Baby and Fresh Haters wanna try to test, they catch three to they flesh Cause we bling-blinging, and got the glock five sing-singing My bank account X amount, got me ching-chinging It's gonna take you plenty years, to pefect my style I been doing this for years, I protect my child Ask Baby and Juvenile, mayn they know what's up I keep them Roley's iced up, filled with princess cuts (*talking*) How you love that nigga, another platinum hit Know I'm saying, Screwed Up Click we in this bitch thick You know Mr. Lucky Luchiano, Juvenile Nigga Baby the #1 Stunner, in your face nigga Big Shots/Cash Money, better realized you harmonized nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: C-Note f/ Juvenile Album: Street Fame Song: Ride With Us Typed by: Lil Hustle [C-Note] My rims poking out, like a fat ass Little weight motherfucker, this straight glass We beating up your block, like some 15's Video, started playing on my six screens This ain't Hollywood, nigga this is street dreams Got to holla at the hood, making street cream And you know, we like our Benzes and our Cadillacs We wearing so much bling, we give em cataracts Down South, Dirty Third 3rd Coast, mayn we got them birds Get the ring bezeltynes, and you heard Rolling G five hundred, in Excurs' Best play, your position These boys popping trunks, bout to cause a collision Best make a decision, taking rap to a whole new dimension 24's bout to break the suspension, now nigga have dimension [Hook - 2x] You should ride with us, (come on ride with us) You should ride with us, (come on ride with us) You should ride with us, (come on ride with us Niggaz getting high with us, do the Southside with us) [Juvenile] Iight I got the urge to strike, some'ing dead in the ass I'm in the future, y'all stay in the past yeah Nigga was broke, holding my shoes Rat funky as the fuck, fools having it too Same hoes that was talking that shit, done turned groupie I no longer have holes in my shoes, I rock Gucci I know, you smell the cologne You wishing that a nigga of my caliber, was taking you home Hate to intervene, while I'm making you moan When I got a little situation at hand, baby I'm gone My alarm is going off, I know I been trailed I ain't fucking with her though, both crazy as hell That's the reason I'm posted up, here on Canal Hoping you could do me, and my nigga as well Call your people up, we need a lot of females Tell em we getting money, like a lottery sale [Hook - 2x] [C-Note] Get down you should ride with us, on blades I'm creeping up your block, in a burban Escalade C-Note and Juvenile, and we coming through your city Looking for the fine girls, with them nice titties Got a drop in the driveway, rolling through the fly way Hoping that I don't, spot a cop on the highway Just a few things, we do on Sunday Bout to turn MLK, into a one way Ok, I'm still smoking doja All my niggaz, screaming Cloverland Magnolia Best to watch your back, cause we coming with them soldiers Looking for them niggaz, who be snitching to them rollers Get to bombing on niggaz, like U.S. did Iraq Like Bush do the same, man I'm coming that's a fact I got niggaz, every city every state I'm just saying, ain't a few phone calls I couldn't make what [Hook - 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys, Big Tymers Album: DJ Clue Presents: Backstage - Mixtape Song: Millionaire Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, FLoSsYiCeDHoTbOY@aol.com [Juvenile] Damn I got platinum on both of my wrists and my pinky and my album went platinum too Man you know I'm a stunt' All these other rappers, look.. *NEW CASH MONEYYYYYYY* I'm sick of it, niggaz illliterate and I need me seven zeroes or somethin legitament I done shot at niggaz, and I been shot at I done had a whole lotta old folks tellin me stop that I'm sorry but them Lexus trucks, I gotta cop that Would be even mo' sweeter, if I could drop that You see all of them Crystal bottles, I pop that and I'm bout to go and find me a new mall to shop at [B.G.] I'm out the heart of the hood Niggaz like to bust heads and look good  Ride on 20's with TV's leather interior and wood Rolexes, at least 10 G's on a necklace Pullin up at the club in two Caddy truck stretches My click boss nigga, try to follow us get lost nigga We'll buy a whole block no matter the cost nigga My money long, my dick long, I'm off the chain B.G. got it goin on respect the game Chorus: B.G. (repeat 2X) Me and my dogs we ball, just like we live we love Get in our path of money and your head get bust [Baby] Nigga I live like an old man, but I'ma young man with bout three million dollar worth of cars in my name Went to East ?? bought the whole block man Got these white folks fucked up by the mouth man E'ry type 2000, me and Juvie got 'em V8 350 Camaro, Fresh got 'em Bought a million dolla Rolex, a nigga doubtin Cartier watch for three-hundred and fifty thousand A hundered-thousand dollar grill and a nigga smilin Matchin platinum ink pens for four thousand Bought a hundred-thousand Benz and I'm buckwild with it Changin everything from the in and the out in it [Mannie Fresh] How you figure you the nigga, to shut it down? What you mad convertible Jag cause I let it down? You know who I am, God damn You ain't skinniess on yo' 20's; then look here nigga scram Now what in the wide wide world of ballin is that? Some shit that come out in 2010, you lil' chrome stuck bitch Who made that car? I never seen that on the streets We were in the Vibe magazine, Baby got thirty-two gold teeth Chorus [Lil' Wayne] Now, now, now, now I'ma stun'na, reppa, ride around in different hummers with a dozen, heffers, fifty-thousand dollar Roley with a crusted, bezel, niggaz can't compete with us We on another, level, watch us scratch off in the Viper with the windows, tinted, automatic start with VCR's and TV's, in it, I always go out my pocket Never penny, pinchin, that's why I'm dippin my Expedition with plenty, women, and they wit it, wit it Not to mention, bout my Ninja, with the extension What about my condominum wit yo wife in the kitchen See I gets lots of attention I'm the youngest, Tymer Plus I step into the light wit them humongous, diamonds See everybody know I'm Lil' Wayne soilder Pull up in the 4 dot 6 Range Rover Baby had me drinkin think I got a hangover Weezy Weez nigga, Hot Boys, game over Chorus 2X [Outro] Nigga, it's Cash Money Millionaires Fuck with us nigga, your head get bust We step in the light, and it and it just be bling bling, bling, bling bling What? My nigga B.Geezy What? My nigga, B.eatrice Huh, my nigga Mannie Fresh, what? My nigga Lil' Weezy, alright then, uh-huh My nigga Ju-vey, that motherfuckin Hot Boy Nigga, Cash Money takin over this bitch and we ain't lettin go yet.. {*unintelligible over DJ Clue and beat here on out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Envy f/ Coke, Juvenile, Petey Pablo Album: Blok Party Vol. 1 Song: Yes Sir Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Juvenile] From N.Y. to the motherfuckin N.O. {Whaaaaaaaaaaaat?} What's up Envy nigga? Hey, hey, nigga what's up? His body get bucked so put some Hennessy in a cup I'ma snatch me a hoe before I leave this bitch Tell the DJ he better play my shit That shit right there, is platinum off the top You already know my reputation, I will fuck with the cops Whatever I'm at, guns and drugs involved That gangsta shit bouncin from wall to wall Women got in free and it's six to one I'm fuckin some before it's done If I don't know shit I know how to get that green Like gettin them for 20, sellin them for 15 I got six hoes, that love me right They'll love you too, if you're payin me right I'm not that kind of cat that'll write books but I could paint a picture in the ghetto on a lightpost {Desert, Storm} [Chorus 2X: Petey Pablo] Come if you wanna come! (Yes sir!) Jump if you wanna jump! (Yes sir!) Bring it if you wanna bring it! (Yes sir!) C'mon nigga, c'mon! (Yes sir!) Come if you wanna come! (Yes sir!) Jump if you wanna jump! (Yes sir!) Bring it if you wanna bring it! (Yes sir!) C'mon nigga, C'MON! (Yes sir!) [Petey Pablo] HEYYYY baby, you seen who's that came in the do'? Ain't that that Carolina nigga they say that's outta control? I'm off the rocker nothin can stop me, I'm HOTTER THAN HOT Then got the Juvenile sweat the whole game around, YOU BETTER WATCH HIM 'Fore I fuck around and come to your house Park in your momma flowers and cuss the BIRD NIGGA TO COME OUT I'm crazy baby, I'm wild I don't know if you heard about it but baby I been this way for a while I got some NEW SCHOOL The cables that supposed to be ATTACHED TO THE SCREWS That done come loose and I don't know what to hook 'em to Juve', Juve' - you better tell 'em what this thang'll do SOUTHSIDE, RIDE OR DIE, fool who you talkin to? (YOU!) I got enough to go 'round, my shit'll hit you from Uptown And you know I'm from North Carolina! Lay 'em down for real - a done deal, done deal Pigeon-toed, long nose, bald headed NIGGA! [Envy - over Chorus] Yeah, fat shout, whole Down South, Midwest.. whaaaaaaaaaaaat? [Coke] I'm the newer headbussa, baller bitch, bread toucher Caddy white trucker, dropper, red gutter Shut down the summer and ranger's newcomer Ice blue and the rims look like cucumbers I'm a hustler I serve the fiends When it's ready I turn that light on like Krispy Kreme man Set up shop, O.T. in small farms Like I got that dope and her-on, ear from hair on Y'all don't really want no beef with I I'm at your crib ith the ratchet like Allen I. So you could jump if you want {FUCKA!} You get crunk if you want {SUCKA!} But I got asthma and I always keep the pump fucka {FUCKA!} Blow your brains on the dash like "Menace" To identify you they gon' have to call yo' dentist Coke keys, oasis where the heat be Holla at a playa in the street, when you need me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Skribble f/ B.G., Juvenile Album: DJ Skribble's Traffic Jams 2000 Song: 187 Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [B.G.] I'm a young nigga, go by tha name B.G. Don't stunt, nigga, my K hold fifty And I will use, in a minute you six feet I refuse to lose, I issue blues It'll be no clues When I strike, you lose I tip-toe light in Reebok shoes Your issue's.. where I hang You cannot stand without your pistol in your hand You ain't no man You get ran.. off tha set... like a bitch And if you stay.. it's trigga play Motherfucker, you get split And once it's on, it's on, you all in I'm comin' full force after tha hissin' Stay off tha block.. 'cause everyday I spin tha ben Without a grin Hot Boy$ I represent.. to tha end Just me and my girlfriend We out to win Still got ki's for ten I get from B Bring 'em straight in tha U.P.T. After tha pack it's chance for me off six deep I front a nigga Tried to play me, ain't playin' me Thought it was all gravy He got his issue (Chorus4x [B.G.]) It's gon' be 187 after 187 It's gon' be blukah after blukah out my MAC-11 [Juvenile] They got a lot of.. niggas tryin' ta.. get me killed But I done flipped.. tha fuckin' script.. and played it real Now I'm dippin'.. an Expidition.. around tha corner And can do.. just about.. whatever I want I'm money-rollin'.. and it's legal And ain't no quittin' in tha Regal Behind tha tints.. my chopper's spittin' Me and Dougie.. fuck in (?), and showin' us in It's like a movie.. they wanna do me.. it's on again I know it's showin'.. how niggas scorin'.. I can hear ya talkin' Niggas knowin'.. now they hoin'.. to me for offers I can't holla.. don't have no powder.. until tomorrow But I got a.. couple of dollars.. that you can borrow Nigga, go You're 'round my door.. you're drawin' heat You can go.. but on this porch you destroyin' me No exception.. at disrespectin'.. can't let it happen Now you step in.. my fuckin' section.. talkin' 'bout jackin' (Chorus4x) [B.G.] Duck.. nigga, duck Cuz when I come I gon' bust.. fifty-plus Don't give a fuck who in tha way It's on you.. when I spray Whoever hit, look here, it's on you Tha B.G. and Juvenile.. tear it down We get them pistols in our hand.. and act a clown Niggas fucked up don't know.. what to expect Cash Money liable to do anything next Fly around your set in a private jet Have your bitch next to me in a Corvette Or ridin' on tha back of my motorbike Around tha second line stun'n with tha loud pipes (vroom vroom) [Juvenile] We showcasin', bodies erasin'.. we want it all Joe Killer.. told me be patient.. we gonna ball Seven figures.. me and my niggas.. we comin' up Gettin' rid of.. tha garbage litter.. with fifty-plus Now we drainin'.. cuz that 'caine in-side of our nose Niggas playin' it.. tha way we sayin' it.. to let you know (Chorus6x) [B.G.] Juvenile and tha B.G. Juvenile and tha B.G. Juvenile and tha B.G. Represent tha U.P.T. Tha H.B., uh-huh Juvenile and tha B.G. Represent Cash Money Juvenile and tha B.G. Playa haters can't fade me You can talk that shit if you wanna I'll spin your corner You'se a gonner The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ WhooKid f/ Juvenile, Q Da Kid, Red Caf, Skip Album: Hood Radio V. 1 Song: Bounce Typed by: QUEENSBRIDGE16@hotmail.com [Red Caf] Y'all make that bitch bounce like we hittin' the switch or somethin' [Red Caf w/ Juvenile harmonizing background] MOVE! Bounce, now r-I-I-I-ide MOVE! Bounce, now r-I-I-I-ide Wash dirty money, wash dirty money Wash dirty money, UTP Wash dirty money, wash dirty money Wash dirty money, UTP [Red Caf] They call me R to the E dot I got dope wholesale, two weed spots I got coke fish scaled that'll freeze blocks I got hook up shit, already bagged up you don't even need pots Just scream at me if you need some troops That apply pressure squeeze the juice And show you how to get your game tight Keep your hoes in check How to play your cards right like you know the deck Keep two bitches, get incredible head from both faces RC applied the decimal both places Gangster, walk with a limp I'm paid sonny I shake look dirty money drip from me I got a bitch that'll walk the strip for me Or strip for me, load clips or even fuck my bitch for me I'm never slippin' without the gat by me I take it from New York to Miami like Pat Riley [Red Caf w/ Juvenile harmonizing background] MOVE! Bounce, now r-I-I-I-ide MOVE! Bounce, now r-I-I-I-ide MOVE! Bounce, now r-I-I-I-ide MOVE! Bounce, now r-I-I-I-ide [Skip] I got one house, three whips, one gun, three clips Me work see Skip throw you for a quick flip If you need a cheap brick, you can get a cheap brick I'm talking three G's, three bricks, that's apiece shit Butcha gotta follow me to Guatemala I'ma let you meet Saddam and Mussolin' so you can holla If you can follow, we gon' get two Impalas with Jewish drivers so the FEDs be to stup' to follow ??? ???? ??? until we juice the collar I'm tryin' to walk like I got jean tubs on with the pockets knotted And with my private spotted I'ma get that And I ain't talkin' bout the extra aciditives and kick backs Plus I know where your kids at Where your other crib at, so that sheisty shit'll getcha kids kidnapped Skip I don't believe you did that, not the kids I'ma get mine, see that just how it is [Red Caf w/ Juvenile harmonizing background] MOVE! Bounce, now r-I-I-I-ide MOVE! Bounce, now r-I-I-I-ide MOVE! Bounce, now r-I-I-I-ide MOVE! Bounce, now r-I-I-I-ide [Q Da Kid] Yo, yo, yo Don't make me front like I won't pop som'in Drop som'in ride through and glock som'in Get locked up and ox som'in Come home first day cop som'in Azure no top som'in White tee box face, frameular watch som'in Banks chains look now Pacino I got som'in Platinum Skytel 2-Way hot som'in And I keep a hot som'in, models and actresses who got som'in And they boxin' som'in, and they all willin' to cop me som'in A little rocks or som'in so they can tell they friends they got me som'in Got big guns, two five little pocket som'in's Heavy machine guns, like five glocks and som'in Now these bitches wanna act like I ain't hot or som'in Pull up low riding new Porsche Boxster som'in You want dough? Gimme brain a little twat or som'in I ain't leavin' here with not just nothing [Red Caf w/ Juvenile harmonizing background] MOVE! Bounce, now r-I-I-I-ide MOVE! Bounce, now r-I-I-I-ide MOVE! Bounce, now r-I-I-I-ide MOVE! Bounce, now r-I-I-I-ide [Juvenile] Get off the block lil nigga, that's my spot lil nigga I don't get whatcha got you get shot lil nigga I been thuggin', and I'm lovin' my life The reason I made it to here because I been livin' trife For stripes I've been knockin' old niggaz off Tryin' to be the fuckin' boss and shot call Ride around in the toughest cars, double R's ??? ???? ??? see me ball Now which one of you niggaz wanna come do this I ain't wit all of that talkings cuz my gun do spit Lift niggaz off they feet when they run they lips ??? ???? ??? You don't like me, yeah? Well fuck you in your ass Niggaz is pure pussy and it made me mad I'm straight off of the street that's why I'm out your bag Comin' to your door wit' a Mac and a mask [Red Caf w/ Juvenile harmonizing background] MOVE! Bounce, now r-I-I-I-ide MOVE! Bounce, now r-I-I-I-ide MOVE! Bounce, now r-I-I-I-ide MOVE! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: E-40 f/ Hot Boys Album: Charlie Hustle: Blueprint of a Self-Made Millionaire Song: Look at Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [E-40]	BEYOTCH! Whas happenin, whas happenin? You got to love this yere nigguh My boys, my Hot Boys Juve and ?? Bout to lace this game nigga Do it the way we do it with E-4-0 Charlie Hustle [B.G.] Look, I went from rags to riches, stank hoes to bad bitches Stealin niggaz cars to TV's in Expeditions Thuggin is how I play it everyday all day I keep it all the way real I can't see it no other way I represent mines, Hot Boys Slip up my whole click rides, get shot boy That's how it go; we straight do or die - we checkmate holdin niggaz Then come where yo' momma lay down and kick in the do' nigga 	(Juvenile! Juvenile! Juvenile!) [Juvenile] Let's get this shit cracklin My probation officer's gonna know what happened Stay out the way I'm H-O-T and bout that action Hooded up with dem slugs and face-maskin, camouflage fashion I'm all about that luxury (luxury) - I'm also bout puttin 50 in yo' head boy if you thinkin bout fuckin me I'ma be here fo' a minute (what else?) you gotta respect it (uh-huh) There's a lot of niggaz out here gettin killed to accept it [E-40]	BEYOTCH! Chorus: E-40 and Hot Boys (repeat 2X) Freezer burn platinum on my pinkie (LOOK AT ME) Squattin twenty inch Twinkies (LOOK AT ME) I'm like that! It's like that! WHAT? I'm like that! It's like that! (LOOK AT ME) [E-40] Charlie Hustle on it in the fast lane, drivin slow with a case of tall cans and some broccoli and a bad-ass hoe Squattin four times ga-uh gold Zenith wides and vogues Bout snuffin down, right next to me, is the call from the frogs Uhh - sound system on bloo-blam-blam Puffin on the doobie almost grubbed, dang it burnt in my lap Smokin trees with the window up (windows up) Traffic backed up, middle finger up I don't associate or surround myself with C.I.'s  Confidential Informants snitches affadavits stool pigeons Marks simple Simon sucker sap simps I be kickin it real tough with the, P.I.'s, hustlers, tycoons Gangsters killers that might not even look like with trophies up under they shelf, sky ballers, all kind of Benzes Player type individuals, thugged out times a thousand Those nigguh-ish niggaroles lieutenants bosses, gazillionaires New millenium wars high rollers real as hoodlums thugs House parties strip joints gamblin shacks and hole in the wall clubs [E-40]	BEYOTCH! Chorus [Baby] Man, it's like neighborhood shit with a gangster bitch So get yo' paper straight nigga and go and buy some shit TV's inside when I ride bitch And I'ma hide these hoes behind limo tints Fulfill my dreams I'm a rich bitch And when I hit yo' hood I'ma blind a bitch Shine, tape sellin got me buyin shit Dyin? Gon' be here past ninety-nine, slick Rewind, these hoes back to time slick So nigga slap that bitch, bat that batch Kick her in the ass and tell that hoe Hot Boy in this bitch So nigga fuck that bitch, tell her suck yo' dick [Lil' Wayne] Now, now Here come the youngest, Wayne, you can call me Weezy Flyin up the interstate in a Lamborghini Police right behind me, I'm drivin too fast I pull over on the grass, they want my autograph I flipped off ki's, I get my G's I spit my 3's if you twist my cheese I'm duckin white sheets and I avoid the Feds If you think that you can stop us - boi go auhead Chorus [E-40]	BEYOTCH! [Juvenile] E-Feezy and the HB's in this motherfucker man (the Hot Boys) Juvenile (Bosco) you heard about me The B.G. (uh-huh) the number one stun'na (uh-huh, uh-huh) Baby Thirty-Two Gold ya heard me? The Bay Area, and the U-P-T (uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh) We connected nigga, you gotta respect it It's off the heezy Uhh, uhh (what, BEYOTCH!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Foxy Brown f/ Eightball & MJG, Juvenile, Too $hort Album: Chyna Doll Song: Ride (Down South) Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com [Intro] Let's get it hype, nigga Let's get it crump Yeah, yeah, yeah [Eightball] Pass me then Swisher Streets, let's get it in crump If a nigga disrespect me I'mma prove my shit and dump Blast rhymes like I pump, turn your belly to jelly Veteran MC, I don't think you rookies is ready Three hundred and fifty pounds of pressure to deal with I run with suave, always packin' somethin' to kill with Feel this bitch, when I get rich I'mma still hustle Go down in history, paper taller than Bill Russell Kilo flows, I got 'em hid in the basement Choppin boys up, on some puttin it in they face shit Eightball, F-a-t M-a-c-k, known for layin' it down And doin' shit the playa way Callabo's of the dough ain't no secret Space-age pimpin' means I don't do shit free Time waits for no one, it ain't gon' wait for me Yours truely, signed Eightball and MJG [Chorus - MJG] All my hardcore niggaz, what you want to do? My real thug-ass niggaz, what you want to do? All my money making bitches if you ride with me I'm a pimp till i die and I'mma ride for you Now where them real bitches at? Where them real bitches at? Where they at, where they at, where they at, huh? Now where my buck niggaz at? Where my buck niggaz at? Where they at, where they at, where they at, come on [Foxy Brown] I ain't new to this Damn nice bitch thats true to this Money ain't never been a thing to me Always stack my dough, holla back (uh) Ass fat, thighs thick, titties perfect Inhale the cheese from here to Tel Aviv Y'all know it, shit I don't bluff And no dough? I don't fuck 'em Fuck I'mma fake for? Make mine's, I'mma take yours Cause I'm no nigga like love before Make bitch scream like "Gimme some more" If a nigga broke, what'd you fucked him for? Waiste of time, it's like we playettes minds Don't stop, get it get it Bitches, take it from a real motherfuckin' pro Y'all get that dough, we don't trust these niggaz They gon' pimp if you let 'em From NY to the dirty south And them bitches dime tight I got my mind right And my ice got the shine right And if it don't blind bitches When them lights hit the wrist? You won't be stickin' shit You be lickin' this [MJG] I'm the pimp motherfucker baby! Ice cold, stories so high I pimp the whole village twice So tight fold crease right on the president's nose Pimp clothes, drinkin straight Henny and buckstrum Touch toed, hoes take a centerfold pose Break a treat, make 'em pay to enter those Pros, slam those Game tied tight like bows, we never close Three-sixty-five, twenty-four Hand chose bitches a la mode, gettin' sold Plus a load of killer, as Chronic gettin' blowed Keep it froze, tucked up in a Tupperware bowl Stick of gold, somethin' from the school of the old Forever flows, I take it down as deep as it can go Burn rolls, braids tight, blazed afros We're pushin' hoes Dicks get erect like poles, pay the toll MJG is in control [Juvenile] Peep dis, you them boys need to slow down Up in the mornin' in court, it's 'bout to go down There's no remorse now, better expose rounds Them jackets be on the lose until the dope is found Juvenile's my name, bitch I represent it to the end, the same shit Niggaz don't be wearin suits on these blocks All you is is your boys in Reeboks A thin hat to the back with a strap too Willin' to bust a nigga ass if he had to If you feel the same my nigga, you's a hot boy Blocka, blocka, blocka Better get off the block boy Call the cops boy, your mama and pops boy Cash wasn't a million, never hit the spot boy You want props ha, you sold to the cops ha You in a cell block ha, cause you too hot ha [Too $hort] Where the real ones at? Beyotch... Oh, you know how we feel About all you wannabe ass ghetto superstars Wanna be like "me ass" niggaz Tryin' to be like Foxy Brown bitches I give a fuck about your intermureal status motherfucker You ain't nobody We ben doin' this, been doin' this shit We go way back with this baby Talkin' about this real shit on the motherfuckin' microphone Pimps and hoes gettin' money Motherfuckin' clothes and shit ridin' vogues and shit Nigga ridin' on twenty's and shit Nigga what you got? Brand new-assed nigga You don't know nothin' 'bout this game Come on [Chorus till fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Juvenile Album: Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter Song: Snoopy Track Typed by: ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Bounce Uhhh, ha, uhhh, ha Uhhh, uh-huh-uh-uhhh, uhh, uh-huh This for my hustlers.. uh-huh And for the bitches.. yeah Yo, yo This is for my niggaz down in Houston on candy paint All my niggaz in the Dirty South, Miami mayne All my niggaz in the A-T-L throwin dem bones All them thugs that send slugs through your clothes; holla at me It's for the black culture, Spanish chicks with the sweet chocha Spanish cats with the ki's of cocoa All the haters eat a dick they wanna see you brok-er I hope the heat stroke ya, the misery is over All my deep smokers, I hope the leaf choke ya Hope you'll never be sober I'ma toast to myself I hope the Crist' get me, spiralin into a tizzy So pissy, swervin on the road dizzy May God protect my soul, angels walk with me First do the flow sickly, niggaz is so shifty The fo'-fo' is like a force field, you won't get me I brought some folk with me, Brooklyn is loc'n with me What the fuck? Chorus: Juvenile (repeat 2X) You know, we ride All day, all night Pop Crist, shoot dice Fuck hoes, for life [Jay-Z] This is for my chicks that get dough for takin off they clothes All them money makin honeys that slide down the poles All my educated chicks who grade is 4.0 All the baby mamas across the globe; aiyyo I like my women friends feminine I like my hoes on "X" like Eminem.. shit! I like em bow-legged, never coke-headed With a dough fetish - the drive to go get it I like they toes proper, I like they clothes Prada I like they shoes Gucci, I like new coochie I fucked a few groupies, in a few hoopties I got em iceberg shit they thought I knew Snoopy I cop them Roc-a-Wear, my mamis dedicated They never tell me no, the most they said is "not here" I got they ears studded, both wrists baguetted I got a main chick, a mistress, and a young bitch Forget it I'm the don Chorus [Jay-Z] Wha-What? This is for my dice shooters, cats doin life By the time I get this kite to ya, I hope you doin alright Who got em platinum up? Who got the chicks in the truck? Too much to sit comfortably, they lappin up Who shit is big pimpin? See the flow different I drop heavy then I let the four-fifth flip em I keep rappers talkin to kids, Jigga "Sixth Sense-d" em Don't mention my name and lames in the same sentence You see I'm so thorough, take on your whole borough Be so careful I hear the whistle from the fo'-fo' barrel Keep the flow Hovah; icy neck, cold shoulder Who click is closest to La Costra Nostra? It's "The Roc" Chorus 1.5X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jim Crow f/ Juvenile Album: Crow's Nest Song: Flaw Boyz Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ INTRO: Juvenile ] What's up whodie? This Juvenile Nino, Cash Money Millionaire Doin this here My boys from the ATL, Jim Crow And we all should say to all you playa-hatin muthafuckas Y'all better respect the South We on a come-up, nigga And we did this shit for the hoodrats, the hot girls, The hot boys, the three-time losers, the drug-abusers I don't give a fuck what you do, nigga Stick to what you do [ CHORUS ] It be them Flaw Boyz, ???? Thinkin we was country on some hee-hi-haw We like Kane in the Eighties, we RAW, boy Fuck around and make me come up in your jaw, boy [ VERSE 1: Mr. Mo ] I say no more talk, my liquor is malt A nigga never went to jail cause I ain't never got caught Now see it ain't my fault your boys sketched in chalk ???? shoulda learned the game that you bark See some niggas, they make me mad These hoes, they got it bad They ain't recognize, do the math And you will see they all bitch-made, lemonade Grown as hell but they actin like they 8th grade You need to play with a full deck Work a sweat, break a bitch and all I want is my check Is that bad to flex, is your girlfriend next? To get spiced up late night, Frapper's Delight (Nigga, whatever you like) [ VERSE 2: Cutty Cartel ] On point like they droppin a beat, let's be discrete  About these bullshit stories you hear up in the street I'm down to my last sheet, no mo' chance to roll Control everything I do, now how 'bout you? Me, he and even she Whoever who, no debate, I can't wait On shortie, to see what they do  When they lose it all and ball, no flaw While you lickin all off on her bra We lickin for the cheese in the cash drawer With the safe unlocked, over a boy that got got And it's some foolish-ass spot, the back of the room Not knowin that his last breath has been consumed He done ballin [ CHORUS ] [ VERSE 3: Polow ] Ha-ha-ha (Yo, who the fuck is he?) Shawty Pimp The nigga that gives a damn 'bout a b Roaddogs run the streets, keep a beetch on a leash Eat good for the free, Fleetwood, a Caprice That's what we ride in, hide in from no enemy Preacher daughters freakin me, so-called players envy me Hennessy has the tendency to make a nigga stupid Can't whup my ass and all the alcohol said you can do it But you clueless thinkin that drink make you ruthless Now you're toothless runnin around town lookin stupid Cause cupid got your heart, gave your bitch a credit card But she still fuck around with them players on boulevard I don't care how hard the sound on your record You don't want nann ?? Shawty Pimp, not one second Huh? Not one second, bitch, not one second Now praise the Lord for these lyrical blessing [ VERSE 4: Juvenile ] Direct your shit at Juvenile cause I'm the nigga that you hate Don't try to throw a brick from a distance, then hide your faces See, the places that I been you can't hang Unless I took you under my wing and I put you in the game Ever since I been walkin on this Converse soil Bitches been joining forces and makin blood boil But I'm here to spoil the whole royal ??? stop ??? whores from playin Over no, you must be crazy, ha, is ya? Boy, listen to me when I'm talkin before I get witcha Whip ya, rip your little dreams apart Take that same rhyme you bought it from me and then let it spark Depart before your people talkin seekin vengeance That's how I'ma handle business, fuck what's the consequences Hittin your residence with Russian-made instruments Your neighbors hollerin, run, trippin and call for the President [ CHORUS ] Boy, we be serious round this shit, dirty Ain't nobody fuckin with the South [ Juvenile ] What's up The HB's done hooked up with them Jim Crows, ya heard me? And guess what, we ain't no hoes, nigga CMR, ATL there's no tomorrow, nigga Cash Money Millionaires in this muthafucka My nigga B-32 My nigga B.G. is here My nigga Lil Wayne, my nigga Lil Turk My nigga Mannie Freezie Fuck it, nigga Down South (Down South) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Roy Jones Jr. f/ Juvenile Album: Roy Jones Jr. Presents Body Head Bangerz Vol. 1 Song: Don't Start It Typed by: blockburner@blockburner.com [Juvenile] Look, Look You made me think to step in this square We got some killers up in here And he hating a player Disregard what you saw outside Pay attention to the waist I don't think you want a dent in yo face Say, I advise you to look dead then be cool You came in here with some shit on yo mind Well me too I'm just trying to sip something Me & Roy trying to flip something We chilling, so quit bugging I'm hard, like I been on Viagra all my life I put the dick down on some ass every night As far as I'm concerned everything here is copasetic So put on tight til you hope that she sure come get it Talk that shit now walk that walk I'll beat a hoe in the mouth til she can't talk I'll catch you at the light with the car in park Show you I can finish anything I start [Hook x4] If you don't want it I advise you don't start it We can get retarded Fuck around and get slaughtered [2 x] Get the fuck now You better get the fuck now [RJJ] I'm in the cut, on a hunt for a hot piece Niggaz all in my mouth Like they got beef Not me nigga You don't want my troubles Cause shit can turn dark quick If I touch her Now must you just get bucked for your peeps Cause my niggaz don't look that tough When they sleep and me I rather be with a dime on the grind Instead of checking this nigga for disrespecting my mind Cause I'm Mr. Jones a nigga with a fist of stones Split yo dome and won't have to get the chrome Fix your tone Unless you bout getting on A whole nother level Cause I'm passed that shit you on Get it, got it, good, gangsta My niggaz out here, would spank ya But I ain't want to go that route You know the deal Rather knocking niggaz off or knocking niggaz out for real [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Flip f/ Juvenile, Skip Album: Underground Legend Song: I Can Do Dat (Remix) Typed by: ice_man504@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lil' Flip] The remix... Lil' Flip...Juvnile... Skip...I Can Do Dat... Suckafree  U.T.P If spill drank on my shirt (I can do dat) It don't matter, I got a lotta Iceberg (I can do dat) I'ma spend 180 on the house (I can do dat) 'Cause I ain't got a lady or a spouse (I can do dat) You know I'm ridin' S-Type Jag's (I can do dat) No belt, so my Guess might sag (I can do dat) Cartier is my wrist-wear (I can do dat) My bank account similar to Ric Flair's (I can do dat) Next week I got a show in the Dirty (I can do dat) And everyday I wear a throwback jersey (I can do dat) I'ma fly to Miami for a night (I can do dat) We front row and the Roy Jones fight (I can do dat) I just got a deal for 20 Mill' (I can do dat) I'm like U.G.K 'cause I'm trill (I can do dat) And I put new platinum in my grill (I can do dat) And guess what, I did that before the deal (I can do dat) [Juvenile] I still wear boxers wit Girbauds (I can do dat) I can bag a whole block full of O's (I can do dat) Throw a free party in the Tunnel (I can do dat) Nigga sip syrup through a funnel (I can do dat) Turn a housewife into a hoe (I can do dat) Stash a quarter million in the flo' (I can do dat) Call a private meeting wit the mayor (I can do dat) Tell him, "Quit hatin' 'cause I'm a playa" (I can do dat) I when in the business talkin' in Ebonics (I can do dat) Fly to California for the chronic (I can do dat) Park my Rolls Royce in the 'jects (I can do dat) Put 23's on my new Lex' (I can do dat)  Pass on a sale for ten ki's (I can do dat) A palm tree hit for 10 G's (I can do dat) Come through this bitch wit no clique (I can do dat) Spit the remix wit Lil' Flip (I can do dat) [Chorus  Lil' Flip] Hey, so if you see it  take it I wreck  shake it Money  make it Microphone  break it If you see it  want it Buy it  own it Drive it  flaunt it Factory  chrome it [Skip] I can turn a block into three (I can do dat) Turn around a sell 'em all for cheap (I can do dat) Hustle one day of the week (I can do dat) The other six I smoke weed and sleep (I can do dat) Can a plane from N.O to the 'Ville (I can do dat) I'ma blow about a half a quarter mill' (I can do dat) Then fly from the 'Ville to H-Town (I can do dat) Yo Lil' Flip, man I just touched down (I can do dat) Nigga, I'm forever like Botany (I can do dat) Meet me right here, C-Note got me (I can do dat) Don't make me have to call Will Lean (I can do dat) Shouts out to my partner Mean Green (I can do dat) [Lil' Flip] I still throw money at my shows (I can do dat) Still look funny wearin' gold (you can do dat) I stopped wearin' gold last year (I can do dat) And I get more sex then the past year (I can do dat) I still got rocks on my wrist (I can do dat) I still never shop for a chick (I can do dat) I still got them bricks on the strip (I can do dat) Who run the south?  Juvenile and Lil' Flip (we can do dat) I threw 20's on the Land Rover (I can do dat) I talk shit 'cause I'm a Cloverland Soulja (I can do dat) Fly to A.T.L and get drunk (I can do dat) Blow a whole ounce wit Lil' Jon (I can do dat) Hit Dayton for a week (I can do dat) I had a show wit Eightball & MJG (I can do dat) It only took a year and now I blew up (I can do dat) But for DJ Screw, I'm gon' stay screwed up stay screwed up (I can do dat) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Keke f/ Baby, Juvenile, Turk Album: It Was All a Dream Song: Make Em' Break It Typed by: CaTasHtRoPhE21@aol.com * * send all corrections to this typist [Lil' Keke]  Woody,Wodie,Woody,Wodie........   [Juvenile]  My nigga,my motherfuckin',my wodie-May'ron  My people like used to be runnin' with up in uptown  What I see now the game ain't for me to be in  So I'm pretend cause niggas can't (?) (?)  Now I'm pretend in the middle of the projects it stings  Cause niggas trippin' they really think that they could win  I ain't wit dat, I'ont even want em' around  I'm a 2x loser, one more time they go around me  [Baby](Lil' Keke)  Wodie, platinum pieces increases  Nigga we the Denver Broncos of this rappin' season  Fuck dapters,Clappin season  Nigga wanna be a baller..playboy in nappy season  I'm the motherfuckin' shot caller  CMB be the reason we toting they heads makin' money  We cooking bacon,fuck the bullshit we money makin''  Bitch nigga daughter breakin'  Put yo money on the table playboy  You can't fake it (Wodie)  How we luv that?   (Metalic Voice)  (These are the Hot Boys if not they'll make it,shake it   These are the Hot Boys if not they'll take it,shake it   These are the Hot Boys if not they'll make it,shake it   These are the Hot Boys if not they'll make em,break it)   [Turk]  I just don't give a fuck either I live or I die  Until then I'm going all out and don't ask why  Untamed guerilla,hard head and don't listen,  Magnolia soldiers standing black two pistols by myself  When I come and get ya  When I'm full of that dope nigga,I'ma split ya  Lil' Turk bout gun play and any day nigga whatever  Light or daytime it really don't matter  I'm a Hot Boy fo' sho'  I'm bout' riding, I leave yo head bust nigga  When I start Firing  [Lil' Keke']  Wodie,Woody,Wodie  All the playas in th club-try to bounce to dis  Throw yo roley in the air-smoke an ounce to dis  Its Lil' Keke comission out so lonely CMG's  And now Cash Money,now u hoes feeeling me?  Its going now from Michi to Uptown wit clowns  Smoke a pound e-ve-ry these haters they buying out  When I come around ,I know a scene wit bassment  Strictly paper chasing  Indo we raising, for info we wrote it in pens wit green letters  With tha tasting its (?) Blue or Gold or better its whatever  Creeping the pen-a freestyle  Thats a block on fire wit Turk and Juvenile  If the gold is mine and Safaris hard don't you ever mistake  Lil' keke and the Hot Boys  We some worldwide players from the dirty south  Diamonds,Gametes and rocks all up in my eye  This fo' real-violence it takes,we get payed  And the drop-top Twista Rosa-Let the sun hit the face...nigga  Woody Wodie Woody.......  (Shake it mama   Shake it papi 4X)  (This is Lil' Keke feature the Hot Boys,Hot Boys 8x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wyte f/ Juvenile Album: Doubt Me Now Song: Crash Da Club (Remix) Typed by: CaTasHtRoPhE21@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lil' Wyte] ...ah yeah Hypnotize Minds, wassup Lil' Wyte featuring Juvenile Crash the mothafuckin' club, the REMIX!! - and its goin' down for you hoes Like THIS!!...Multiple Memphis scares, outlining your insides wit' bars Grippin' your nina hard, bitch my blood inha-led by heart When the fuck you gon' start, recognize that life is a game And it's always the same, them dice you rolling ain't 'Bouta change I'm snatchin' your chain, reimbursing you with some pain It's all over mane, in which direction he makes a zane I ain't 'bout that fame, I'm 'bout the cheese, and this 'Bouta bring So fuck your hoe name, with you my faith was lacking some things I'm starting all over with composition sticky like doja And I thought I told ya when I come through I'm crushing like boulders I'm hard ta top, shoot at plenty I bet it's gon' knock it - whatever I drop But even your beef can't touch what I got You wildin' or not, if is so bring all your beef ta the spot Hope you got your glock, I'm strapped with no hesi-tant ta pop So back your words up, and keep on choking out on that cock You like it or not, its everlasting - ain't 'Bouta stop [Hook: Lil Wyte - repeat 8X] We 'Bouta Crash Da Club - throw some chairs (*DJ Scratching*) Break - Break...Break - Break...Break Something [Juvenile] Aiyo smoke something, choke something, get real nice We ain't gon, fall on our face - but we gon' be right Look, police ain't around when I do my dirt Becuz I map it all loud and then I put in work You with them freaks - I be in the streets Y'all be wearing them Bee's - I be wearing Ree's Running wit' my g's from the U-T-P This is where I'm gonna be until I D-I-E Wodie, it's goin' down from the Easy Bay ta the West Bay Where niggaz drank V.S.O.P. until they breath stank Bitch gatta say something, err' time They never handle they buisness, but staying in line Seeking you will find, the loaded up .9 Wanted at 'cha cuz it of fa' stealin' my mind Juvenile and Three-6 thats a-one-of-a-kind Tooken up yo golds - nigga get ready ta blind [Hook] [Lil' Wyte] I'm 'Bouta crash da club, break the law Throw some chairs, crack your jaw If it's killing season - ain't no reason - ain't no need ta stale I'm the one put here ta absorb all this energy and pain Non-stop-pop-from-the-top-of-the-clip-in-ya-glock, I still don't feel you mane Cause of that, ground the coke and now I'm puffin' a pound of dro When I'm on that level and wit' my killaz you will be found on the flo' I must confes, I ain't 'bout shit, but if you think ta cross me bitch You'll end up stanky - walk the planky - and empty out your pockets bitch Break da law, break your leg, crash da club and crack your neck Wit' these issues that I'm facing - daily I should tote a tec Get respect, that's no option, all the haters filled with toxin' Walk right through the center of the crowd and pistols get ta flossin' Causing problem - dodging bullets - soon as I corrupt the scene Leaving damage - making havoc reaction fuckin' with me Chair to your bizack go through my head when you ignite the flame Lead to your bizack of your hizead before it hit your brain [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Magnolia Shorty f/ B.G., Juvenile Album: Monkey on the Dick Song: Magnolia Shorty Typed by: Ltsjet@aol.com [Ominous Voice] Magnolia SHORTY!!!! Magnolia SHORTY!!!! SHORTY!!! SHORTY!!! Magnolia SHORTY!!! SHORTY!!! SHORTY!!! Magnolia First Verse [Juvenile]: Betrayal, for the decline in drug sales, War over turf here will cause more drama than Waco, That's why I lay low, and try to improvise on all your weak spots, See what the street got, For me maybe two cheap glocks, For free, Benjamin Franklin, currency, Is used to pay bills and insurance to bury me, I'm magna to carta player haters don't bother me, Y'all oughtta be, rollin' shipments instead of quarter ki's, It was told to me, Ca$h Money connect from overseas, Two tons of white ones and maybe, But then they might come so I'ma, Take preparation, Pick out a proper, stash location, Fill it with choppers and watch them, Narcotic cases, undercovers investigatin', Yo Russ, where the man with the dope? I'm startin' to get impatient, Two days blew by, our package arrived, Followed by, a call from the boss for me to do a homicide Second Verse [Magnolia Shorty & B.G.]: [Magnolia Shorty] Chillin' in my hood, while you know it's all good, Camoflauged down to the socks with some soldier reeboks, I got's to play it like that, cuz I'm a soldier for real, I told you once I was a soldier, bitch you bout to get killed, That's the deal for '96, cuz you know we ain't playin', Go and run and panic now you better throw up your hands, And if you stunt, you know I'll catch you, know what I mean? [B.G.] Slip on them chucks in the cut... [Magnolia Shorty] At that C.Y.C. Magnolia soldier, don't you doubt it, I thought you knew we bout it, A bunch of bout it muthafuckas, smoke weed and get, out it, Throw your head up stand tall, and stand big and fuckin' loaded, I'ma represent where I'm from, the home of the soldiers Third Verse [B.G.] B.G. off the top bout drama, And I'ma, duct tape a nigga Mama, Forgot her,  Cuz I, be off in the World gat tore, G's I'm bout 4, S.K. clips I unload, I'm floatin' all through that U.P.T., Represent V.L. street slangin' heat, you weak, A T-shirt with your face on it, I find out where your set at, I run up on it, Meet us outside, you know that's All On U, They all die ain't no stuntin', do what I gotta do, Game tight when I write, write get a nigga hype, Niggas buckin' through the crowd, startin' a war fight, Pop, pop clear the block, Your glocks ain't cocked, I make the spot hot, jump out and straight chop, Respect the young nigga, get plum dumb nigga, Shots comin' from drums, nigga who want beef with me? If you want beef, then brang it, I don't just sang it, gunshots be rangin', Money and bitches, houses and fly cars, Rottweilers in the yard, also security guards, Big money heavyweight, got ki's and G's, Got cake for days, give it to the B.G.'z, I keep it real this life, a straight muthafuckin' solja We puttin' tons of coke in the Magnolia [Ominous Voice] Magnolia SHORTY!!! SHORTY!!! SHORTY!!! (6x) Mac Melph Calio for life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mario f/ Juvenile Album: Turning Point Song: Boom Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Verse - Juvenile] Juvenile and Mario pimping and we on deck So stay tune to ya programs cause we on next I wanna see the women catching the wall Unless she got that disease, no ass at all For the hood, for the club, videos or whatever I got that oldschool, the Bentley or the Porsche Carerra Profiling with the top off Wilding, looking for a dime piece I can knock off [Verse - Mario] Up in the spot sipping on a little something Feeling like this joint's is bout to pop off Looking around trying to spot a little something Trying to see what somebody talking bout And if it's good I'm a lend my ear To a little bit of game all up in my ear I think I found a window over here Homegirl is all up in my face like (boom) Oh yes indeed, all we needed is a hell of a beat like (boom) And we gon to jam cause I'm feeling like a Yeah! tonight [Chorus - Mario] Hold up it's like (boom!) That's that beat we like Bet it make the party jump off (boom!) DJ spin that twice, we about to tear this club up! (boom!) Ladies you gotta move something (boom!) Cause the fellas wanna see ya shake something like (boom!) We got the party getting crunk! If you don't give a damn, gon throw it up! [Verse - Mario] No more siting on the wall little shorty Starting to feel like a stone cold party Don't act like you can't sit wit me Everybody in the club getting tipsy Ain't this beat on fire, DJ spin it back one more time Fill my glass up one more time We gon start it up right on time like (boom) Yes indeed, all we needed is a hell of a beat like (boom) And we gon to jam cause I'm feeling like a Yeah! tonight [Chorus - repeat 2x] [Verse - Juvenile] She know about the grill and want to see my teeth And if we ever bump heads they want to be my freak She pulling on me cause she feel that heat She don't wanna go to sleep she wanna feel that meat That's a Lil Jon beat playa, run that back It's aight if you kinda tipsy and you fall off track I'm feeling great, I just had me a drink She twurking over there, I'm bout to see what she thinks [Bridge - Mario] Say oh ohhh! Let's take it to the floor (B'More let's go) Say yeah! do it like you don't care (WOO! A-Town!) We gon do it all, from the windows to the wall Let's gooo!! Let me see ya get low (get low) get low (get low) Represent yo town (B'More! B'More!) Throw up your hood (A-Town! A-Town!) Represent yo town (Jersey! Jersey!) Throw up your hood (get down now) Represent yo town (LA let's go!) Throw up your hood (Chicago!) Represent yo town (Miami!) Throw up yo hood (New York!) [Chorus - repeat 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brian McKnight f/ Akon, Juvenile, Skip Album: Gemini Song: Watcha Gonna Do? Typed by: dusan_fresh@hotmail.com Verse One [Juvenile] Tell me no if you don? like it I know what that means But its different from when I touch you Aint tryin to fight it Got a playa all excited, wonder if you can ride it Straight out the Maseratti On the back of the Dukati I just wanna bubble, Im not trying to trouble nobody I just love to have me a stallion standing beside me You tryin to hide your feelings, and thats aight with me I only want a minute, you aint gotta spend the night with me Verse Two [Brian McKnight] Born the 5th of June by the afternoon In Mississippi I was walking and 15 got my first Benz, been rollin ever since Baby girl she lookin good to me Ya bodys crisp and clean with out the caffeine In my head it seemed logical There's somethin in ya eyes it got me hypnotized Let me know if somethings possible Got me rubbin up on you You dont tell me you dont want me to Got me playin in your hair You know I want to take you there I kick my game You feel the same But you got your peeps But tonight we're playin for keeps [Chorus: Brian McKnight] You know you wanna be with me Whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do I'll wait another 5 minutes to see Whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do Go tell your girls you're gonna be all right Whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do Come on and roll with me tonight Whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do Verse Three [Akon] Shortie, just in case you aint know Me and Brian McK got a spot on the low We hittin hard like the cops at your door Wouldn't it be nice to bang a young entrepreneur I see you peepin all in my grill And I can tell you got a whole that you want me to fill You got something that I want to kill And they can sentence me to life I wouldnt want an appeal Oooooooooh I run the city like a taxicab And all the meters miss pretty with an ass to grab Oooooooooh Take a seat up in the passenger side Akon got the wheels just enjoy the ride [Brian McKnight] I kick my game You feel the same But you got your peeps But tonight we're playin for keeps [Chorus: Brian McKnight] Verse Four [Juvenile] They say the apple dont fall far from the tree So you should chill when your daughters in waters with p I'm here to comfort your nerves Wanna massage you with herb All you gotta do is pay attention and envision the words Get them thoughts out of ya head bout what you done Heard in the wind About me being a dog, That hear say is played out We keep on going through these obstacles You can take a ride with the great it aint impossible Verse Five [Skip] Whats ya name Kianya, short for Yolanda Well, whats that behind ya, you got it from ya mama Well, where can I find ya, I like that type And I aint tryin? hold you down for just one night So what the deal then, wha?s up You comin? with me, what we gonna do We gonna cut and get something to eat Who you came with ya girls throw them the keys Look, get in the car, she gonna call you around three [Chorus: Brian McKnight] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ B.G., Juvenile Album: Da Real World Song: U Can't Resist Typed by: AMJCB@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com [Baby] Uh, what's happenin? What Uptown, New Orleans in this bitch with VA, you understand?  With this hot girl, Missy  Fuckin with these Uptown Guerillas, you dig? If it don't make dollars, it don't make sense Do yo' thing girl [Missy] Y'all don't wanna gimme my props?  I'mma have to lick two shots on my glock Pop-pop the enemy 'till he drop Make his whole body go hibbie-to-the-hop  Well I won't stop 'till I get up to the top Gotta blow any other state off the block And I got a whole lotta chedda in my pock's You better gimmie giimme five mics, gimme props Say you sick of my clique and my shit 'Cause I got a whole lotta hits and no tricks Just a bass line, few snares, few kicks Make the whole industry wanna go and bit I say you sit, we sit, I sit While I go shit on a mix like this Say you spit, I spit, we spit But you can't fuck with a nigga like this  Check me out 1 - 	Hatin' on us but ya can't resist 	If you come hard, better come legit 	We gon' talk shit 'cause we confident 	If you think not, then you bound to sit  	Hatin' on us but ya can't resist 	If you come hard, better come legit 	We gon' talk shit 'cause we confident 	We gon' show you so you best believe it [Missy] Y'all don't wanna put me on front On the front page, all the shit I don' done? Now you wanna fuck around and grade my shit? Let's talk about the million niggas who bit It's only one Timothy from the V.  And the whole industry goin' beep-beep Now I gotta go change up my beats So another nigga won't duplicate me Yeah I got styles, got shows, videos And my shows, it grows, it grows And I sing, I flow, I blows  And I know y'all niggas know  When I come swift with the one-two kick If ya got a blunt, got a light, got it lit Yeah, don't stop, won't stop, won't quit And I made 1.6 admit, check me out  Repeat 1 [B.G.] I'm that nigga that tote them AK's  B.G. is what they call me I be in them project hallways Beef with me, you gon' be sorry Me and my niggas'll shut yo' block down We got K's so, put them glocks down You scared to come outside Them Hot Boys got you on lock-down  This nigga here from CMB Roll with a clique about 20 deep Cause I made a mill', it don't mean I ain't gonna keep it real with my peeps All I have is thugs in my clique All my nigga's, they come off the street Now all of a sudden hoe's on my dick  Cause I'm on BET and MTV [Juvenile]  It ain't no secret, this nigga be project Getting paid, that's what's my object Ain't none of you nigga's gon' stop this Cause I'm 'bout makin' a profit I'm all about getting it locked, dog Don't wanna be on the block, yo Cause bitches be makin' them tye calls While I be makin' drop offs Mannie Fresh, he hooked me up too To the playa hater's I say, fuck you You needs to worry 'bout you Instead of what to not do Juvenile don' hooked up with Missy Bitches gon' hate me, bitches gon' dis me Alota you nigga's gon' miss me I'mma be here, you gon' be history Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Missy] If you come hard, better come legit (Say what? Oh, ah huh) If you come hard, better come legit (Oh, uh) We gon' show you, so you best believe [Timbaland] What, uh What, what What, what What, what What, what Um hmm, Hot boys It's all gravy Missy Timbaland We out Gimme that Gimme that Oh, gimme that Gimme that Gimme that, gimme that Gimme that  gimme that, gimme that Oh, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Juvenile Album: Tarantula Song: Settle the Score Typed by: Tdfreak@hotmail.com [Intro] What you about to hear gone FUCK you up because this the first time you ever heard some shit like this nigga I'm tellin you this shit so off the fucking hook bro Ya'll man look check this shit out {Humming in Background} + {"Waaaaaa" in Background} Mystikal: Mystikal and Juvenile Nigga Say Juvey they don't believe you did the beat bro Juvenile: What you mean nigga, fuckin right I did this beat Mystikal: I tried to tell them niggaz bro [Mystikal] I come with my own look, my own sound, my own style Who the fuck you think drawed this crowd It's the ripper, the clean up hitter You bitter intimidating young long dick nigga Now suck it, now suck it, while you around here playa hating Your woman around here screaming Fuck Me, Fuck Me Tell me something, don't I put down on my albums Motherfucka nobody ever told you I was hard as a NFL Helmet I write 'em, land 'em, plant 'em BAM Nigga can't stand 'em On top, on sight, heads up, bust 'em at random (What You Did?) I got the vest out, put the braids back, put on the bandana (What Else You Did?) Signed a brand new contract, shot the video in Atlanta Don't pull me, can't hold me the beat don't move me You know smokin, drinkin whenever I kick it with Juvey Back on my own, back on my zone Feelin better, lookin better Bout to go get it and bring it back home [Chorus 2X: Juvenile] A nigga got, got but I won't no more Cause this time round I come to settle the score Greedy niggas eat good, but not that long They wind up with a stomach ache balled up in they home [Juvenile] You better cancel that shit, about you run this here I ain't seen you on the charts what you done this year Y'all thought "Project English" was the last of this shit When I was really only given y'all half of this shit Fuckin right I made the beat, and I wrote this rap But a Niggaz In the ghetto want to post the crack Got two Niggaz posted watching a bus with macks Just waiting on the police and Niggaz to jack To people across the nation, thanks for being patient Ya'll been itching for some G-Shit Huh, I know you waiting When you cop the cd, get some Herb and Ride Turn the bitch up real loud so you can feel my Vibe I got a long way to go, I'm just gettin started I'm 26 years old and I'm still retarded I ain't talking about handicapped I'm talking about the way I talk and Express my rap You Feelin that [Juvenile] Anytime you say my name make sure it's some good shit Look I'm not your eldest rapper, I stay on some hood shit Am I hatin on Cash Money, Now Stop Playin I respect it How it came, Now I got Game (Bling) I'm all about U.T.P. Family and Kids And Takin Care of business it the way that we live I don't need a record deal just give me my props How many muthafuckas you know keepin it hot [Mystikal] Believe it or not, keepin my spot locked I got more season than the seafood out the gumbo pot Now run your mouth and lose your slot (I'm Lowdown) I make em feed for me like junk is fever one more rock(Tease Me) Ain't this some shit I'm famous and rich (Huh Bro) I got bitches I ain't even Fucked claiming my dick If thats how it is, I guess we gone see Is this all about that big truck and U.T.P [Chorus and Ad Libs to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Noreaga f/ Juvenile, Lil' Wayne, Musalini, Maze and Goldfingaz Album: Melvin Flynt - Da Hustler Song: Play That Shit (We Don't Play That) Typed by: pthijssen@freemail.nl, NasOnTour@aol.com [Lil' Wayne] They call me the youngest headbuster walkin' Thugged out in all black, calicole sparklin' A guerilla till I die bless me when I'm dead But for the bread I bring ya anybody head That's how I play it I don't hold back I tote gats be on the spot were ya sold crack Nigga feel played then ya fuckin get blown back I burn 'em twice with a black rusty old mac Now BLOCKA nigga get off me [Juvenile] Get some off that cocky weed and roll that bitch up Won't play with me like I'ma choke that bitch up Keep it on the turf I might be killin' to get mine New prints on the back I make a million in big time I'll always be a thug until I'm crippled and crazy I'ma always stay close with Suga Slim, Wayne and Baby Runnin' with a team off cut-throats and backshots All day bullshittin neglagince and homicides [Noreaga] Cash Money niggas they don't play that shit Thugged Out niggas we don't play that shit [Noreaga] Thugged Out, Cash Money ha B.G Juvenile ain't funny ha We try to, get that paper like Bugs Bunny ha Yo we in the projects with my little honey ha Yo what up Kiko it gets real check it We got's this chicks to slauve that right out of Kansas Heyyo these countless bitches We used to fuck 'em on campus You my roley ha ha I'm your roley ha ha Fuck with us we leave you nigga fuckin' holy ha Semi-Latin cruise down to Baton Rouge Then I got a Hummer that's sittin on 32's But for the hood we got the eastcoast locked Magnolia and Iraq now that's my spots Come anywhere near there and still be shot Prat Niggas shot Niggas shot Niggas shot Niggas Shot shot Chorus [Musalini] >From N-Y to N-O Thugged Out and Cash Money I'm a thug B how you gonna stop hungry We eatin' pop bubbley in beef we pop dummies Run up in hood honey's it's all good sonney Throw your sets up nigga Throw your side up nigga Ride or die young nigga Get high young nigga Stay fly young nigga Do what you gotta survive young nigga [Maze ] Live we fly down in New Orleans Get it purpulatin You smell me keep that fire green circulating Thugged Out with Cash Money Thugs we stash your arms Weeds get blazed from your face till feet With us all we stay deep got beef we're surroundin My Niggas cock back Macs from here to some 'the houses Get rocked or get it on if you bout it Cause boy you're in the zone You take routes quick like Roy Jones Chorus Play that shit, play that shit, play that shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Notorious B.I.G. f/ Big Tymers, Hot Boys Album: Born Again Song: Hope You Niggas Sleep Typed by: toyainva@hotmail.com [Biggie] Check the pain I inflict, like a convict, the Fulton digger Jump in the Acura Vigor, after I stick ya Rip ya like a razor, straight up Henny with no chaser Watch me erase ya, misplace ya Put you in the back with the derelicts Yeah, I pop plenty shit Chump, I'm making hits No time for the crack rock and shit Took it to another level Now I'm getting crazy papes, getting paid from the devils Another amateur trying to damage the pedigree Of the B-I-G-G-I-E, you know it's me Hoes I thought you know I'm smooth as a babies ass Smooth as Teeddy Pendegrass, smoke the grass, get in your ass The Brooklyn born Teflon don, wrecking shop Getting props, proving nobody drops Words as potent as the blunt smoking Bed-Stuy bandit And niggas just can't understand it I bust a cap for the brothers in Nap Nap, Comstock, and Clinton You know my shit is hitting Yeah ya'll a fly nigga, Biggie Smalls Kicking flavor, make a nigga wanna dig up in they drawers For the burner, catch a body I got styles like karate Jujitsu, when I hit you then I split you Like a cantaloupe Hope you got a rope to hang yourself I rob for self, from Brooklyn, where else Fat like a Lexus coupe, I'll rip your troop Not even Lois Lnae could get the scoop What you think I'm stupid My crew is mad deep I hope you niggas sleep [B.G.] I throw a bomb through you window Burn you up and your hoe I catch your mama going to therapy And cut her throat You lil' sister walking home from school I abduct her, then I fuck her I hit ya park close up with the Louisville Slugger BGeezy is the hustla, ignorant motherfucker I was taught how to bust heads by the best head busters Cluckers, you know I got'em 2 for 1 my nigga I'm on V.L. if you want me, get some my nigga, come on [Big Tymer] Thuggin is my thing, if I'm beefing I'm banginhg Slanging, it's in my nature, gotta be about my paper Haters, I don't like'em, bitches, I don't trust'em Niggas, I can't stand'em, I creep down and pluck'em Strap say in my hand, I gotta protect mine Niggas trying to pull it off, pop goes the nine That's how it gotta be in these uptown streets And a nigga like me, I play the game for keep [Juvenile] I remember when niggaz slang heroin up in balloons I paid attention to everything , from killings to cartoons Got a picture of Malcolm X on the wall in my room Bitch on some ol' nigga fuck wit me I'ma do 'em shit Nigga give me dope, I accept it, but don't respect him Put my foot in they rectum right after I dome check 'em I be popping D, smoking weed, and full of that Hennesey Fresh off the streets on my way to the penitentiary Everybody whisper in ears when they gone mention me I been out doing it for years, since elementary Real good relationship with guns and drugs Because my whole neighborhood consist of crook and thugs Everything is my own shit cause I don't fuck with scrubs I don't need you harassing me when I'm up in the club Trying to hustle a nigga, asking me for a dub Quarter, ki's, and halfs is what I sling, cause that's what I love [Turk] I know you bitches know that I ain't to be played with Dont have no picks and chooses who get they head split They die quick, fuckin' with Turk, wodie get whacked Spend a bin with Kevin and Randy leave ya flat on you back and trust that, ain't bout to let no nigga steal me Fuck that, I bust back with 223 Big and full of that raw with no cut and be ready to creep Innocent people move 'cause somebody fix'n to get split [Lil' Wayne] Na, Na, it's iceberg shorty, Lordy have mercy Come from under my shirts and flip'em and reverse'em I'm coming so alert them (Ur, Ur) fore I hurt them, desert eagle bursting You haven't seen the worst and I'm right near you and my gun blast quick, dog Could kill you so run, dash, get gone Wodies movin slow around this time they got bricks dog I ain't got bricks dog, nigga break it off, what [Puff Daddy] Un huh, B.I.G. with the Cash Money Millionaires, forever Juvenile, Lil' Wayne, Baby, Turk, B.G., Manny Fresh Slim, CEO, and me P. Diddy, B.I.G, Born Again And we won't stop, get money niggas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Profyle f/ Juvenile Album: I Ain't The One 12"  Song: I Ain't The One (Remix) Typed by: d_dawg123@hotmail.com, janis@betatesters.com  [Juvenile] Girl, you looking for a Hot Boy ha, ghetto rough ha You wanna see how it is to have me tossin' you up ha Look, I'm 5' 11", bull legged, skinny, you get it and Now settle down and let Juvie handle his bidness and Turn it over, tune it up, let me hit that Ain't a better place you could be so you could quit that You with that nigga, ha Playin' games, askin' for change 'Round my people sayin' your name [Profyle] Girl, you should know playin' around with fire And you might get you burned You must be inside To think that I'm a hoax playin' me for easy sleezy Baby, you should know That not the way I roll No 1-	Don't play dumb when you know you want some 	You ain't gon' get it 	Baby, you know I ain't the one 	He was your man, but he's my best friend 	So I ain't gon' hit it 	Baby, you know I ain't the one I just can't understand Why you wanna go behind the back of my best friend Messin' around with me You must be insane Don't you realize the game recognizes game? So face reality, don't hate on me Repeat 1 Repeat 1 Don't get it on, get it on Get it on, get it on, on on I can't get it on, get it on Get it on, uh uh uh uh I ain't crazy (I ain't crazy) See this is all too close Don't try to play me (Don't try to play me like a fool) But baby I ain't the one Don't play dumb When you know you want some (Don't you want me baby?) He's my best friend (He's my friend) He's your man Baby I can't go on [Juvenile] Ah, whatchu worryin' 'bout me for, babe where you live? You needs to clean yourself up and take care of them kids Let me tell you did, I'm a man, you understand? I don't wanna touch you with my hands, you understand? But I'm gon' leave that 'lone, let that go Just make sure it don't happen no more I'ma hafta admit it girl, you thicker than a sticker But I'ma let you go cuz you got your nigga witcha Repeat 1 to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Project Pat f/ Juvenile Album: Ass Clap 12" Song: Ass Clap (Remix) Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Hook x2] Make that ass clap make it snap (Talk to me now) Make that ass smack when I slap (Talk to me now) If you is the baddest, booty the phatest Let me hear you holla out I yi yi [Verse 1: Project Pat] It's ya boy P-A-Tzah, knowin' how to please her Hit from the back cause these gals off the heeza Bend over I'm strokin' yo butt needs a pokin' The hydro is smokin' there's nut in ya throatin' Yo booty is floatin' all round the rooma My thang full of gin so dat puddy is dooma Assume the position, mug in the pillow Hand on the head bow best not to let go Ya hand may end up slippin head gets a crackin' I'm all on dat clit and back gets a smackin' A doggin' a slappin' my thang in yo stomach No food before we drank so you's bout to vomit You swear you can take it so baby don't fake it Let's go get a room get high and get naked You say that you real and you claimin' the hoody The rubber to thang and my thang in yo puddy [Hook x2] [Verse 2: Juvenile] Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh This nigga be bow-legged and gobby Attitude fucked up cause that hand on my garment Poppin' necks, grabbin' hoes chest Tryin' to get under they dress Hope they don't holler rape and have me in co-nnects Whodi I don't need no more debt I'ma have talk to these hoes I ain't stupid I'm from the pro-jects And we don't need nothin' we know sex If a bitch think I'm workin' this son, pussy get more wet So let's get it crack-a-ling time I got that cake man So lil' mama be shakin' Tell ya girl to shut up, you ain't hearin' nathin' Bitch she goin' with Juvenile so quit all that hatin' This motherfuckin' club already hot Police been towin' niggas shit for double parking in spots I'm tryin' to have a private party or something ya know My dick got hard when ya was shakin' that ass ya know [Hook x2] [Verse 3: Project Pat] Its gold mouth stackin' dollars Where yo sister at cause she swallers Big juicy fat I must hollers See you in yo pants I may follers Wearin' tight clothes make y'all scholars Freaky young broads that love ballers Hesitate to talk nigga stallers You can let the steam out yo collars Love gettin stuck on four hours Jacuzzie, living room, showers Nipples on hard some big knockers Eyes got bigger than BluBlockers Coochie real tight like school lockers Treat a lame dude like a true sucka Most gonna pay cause they love her Dog anyway I will knock her [Hook x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Project Pat f/ Baby, Hot Boys, Three 6 Mafia Album: Ghetty Green Song: Ballers Typed by: Mike82122@aol.com [Project PAT] Man, why these niggaz always hatin' on Hypnotize and Cash Money?  Man, fuck these niggaz! [Baby] What's up wodie? It's these gold grill and these platinum-mouth boys These big time Hot Boys, these 3-6 boys,  wit the self made millionaire Cash Money boys [Turk] You done fucked with the wrong nigga Must they know that I ride and I shoot quicker Should have known not to upset this lil nigga You got a click so what nigga my click thicker A bunch of real niggaz that'll burn ya With no waitin' catch ya slippin then jam ya up Slangin' weight ain't no thang for me Play by the rules Or shit I'll kill yo' family, that's what I do Bust ya chest wide open and split ya fade nigga And them all frozen, moves from the 'K nigga Turk don't play, when it's time to get serious Think I'm a hoe keep it that way and stay curious [Baby] Niggaz be shoutin' one love but wearin black gloves Some niggaz 26 and 28 still live in they mom house askin' for play Them niggaz shouldn't be respected, they fake Instead of hittin' blocks with glocks and touchin' niggaz money spot And breakin' bread with the woman who put em in that spot These niggaz wanna trick they hoes And play with they nose Instead of totin' fo' fo's and movin' fuckin' kilos Nigga I done bought more cars than niggaz done bought pussy hoes And bought more rims than niggaz done fucked they main hoe in they assholes 3-6 told me to roll and unload But nigga fuck that I'm tryin' to stack and mack And that deal with Universal shoulda showed that But Uptown is where its at Playboy won't you tell me how you luv that? Won't you tell me how you luv that? [Chorus: repeat 2X] Ballers We be on some twanky twankies Playa hatas get found stanky stanky Trickin fat blunts of that danky danky Big diamond rangs on our panky panky [Juvenile] Fuck with 3-6 Mafia gon' make me millions Fuck with CMR gon' make me some more millions I can see it, I'm a kill 'em And build me and building And put some money to the side for my mom and my children Ridin' with my nigga Rambezee, to the easy Drinkin' for my nigga Babyzee and B.G.eezy Ducked off Tinted windows on my candy apple cut dawg It's a classy nigga fuck yall [Juicy J] I'm representin' Northern Memphis to the fuckin' fullest We ain't the kind to tote a gun when there ain't no bullets And when that drama starts the strap we expect to pull it You see a nigga holdin gauge and you wish he would have Rolled by yo' mama house and put her in a coma Cuz niggaz gone on that Hennessey and marijuana And now we back up in the hood on a burner phone-a In that game slangin' came to you blood donors It's on, coward [Lil Wayne] They call me quick draw 2 pistols Lil Wayne Champagne took my brain I don't think I just aim Drop tops on a Z-3 Start shootin' like 3 burners How come them try me Never know me block burner Better watch for lil shorty in black Nigga get back Bout to make my glock 40 click clack Brrr kill it It's yo Life Spill It Playin' with the realest Pop fire like a skillet Now nigga what the dilly Highly influenced on Cristal I'm warnin' you to clear the set because it gets wild I be disguised as a mailman with a pistol Then deliver him 50 shots and take his child [DJ Paul] Punk bitch I dare ya I double dare ya step against this pot belly Bitches they try to step to the ruler but they ain't ready Weak ass them cowards try to make moves but I knock 'em out 2nd ones step yall need more help 2 barrels in his mouth Face it when this shits fucked up you gotta deal with it This is my game, live with it or get killed with it These are my dice This is my board I let you roll off And how you gon' have ice when I cut your fuckin' water off Chorus [Project Pat] It's the project nigga roll back I own them bricks Kickin' game with the Hot Boys and 3-6 B.G., Juvenile, Baby, Lil Wayne North Memphis, Uptown, and we havin' thangs AIn't no thang when ya come real ya gotta shine I'm strapped with a glock 9, he ain't takin' mine We in our prime puttin' in work players never rush it Full of gin, fucking hoes, like I'm mad russian A discussion amongst men means a power move Is about to be made for a come-up fool Slang that iron when you get in my business Hypnotize, Cash Money, on the rise bitch Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Redd Eyezz f/ Juvenile, Slanted Eyezz Album: Eyezz of the Storm Song: Put Yo Sets Up Typed by: rse24@drexel.edu, CaTasHtRoPhE21@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Redd Eyezz + (Juvenile)] (This how we do) Aiy ya'll haters thought we weren't comin back wit' a remix huh? But we did it again, ya, ya heards So we gon' take this one here ta the dance flo' We got my homegirl Slanted Eyezz in here  And my self, Redd-iggity, and my dawg, Juvenile-niggity Aiy Juve show 'em dawg [Juvenile] It's time ta buck on 'em nigga on a night ta rain Everything ain't all gravy, but I can't complain Fuck the bullshit I wanna get paid fa' real Not no pennies either I want me a major deal I mean forty, sixty, eighty mil' Money like a nigga in the NBA wit' skills, Whoa! And Zoe gon' blow, then you gon' blow And you can't buy just one, you gon' wan' mo' Reppin' that Nolia, claimin' them Soljahs Come through bustin' wit' Happy and Hola My niggaz gon' feel me if they raisin' they guts My women gon' feel me if they laid in the cut Wat'chu holdin' that weed fa' blaze the bitch up If you runnin' out of liquor, nigga fill up ya cup It's Redd-iggity, and Juvenile-niggity And we came here ta get this bitch off the higgity [*Hook - Juvenile + (Slanted Eyezz)*] Representin' where you from shouldn't be that hard Put yo sets in the air, let me see ya'll boys All my good pussy women, if ya fucks wit' me It should be that fuckin' hard ta throw it up wit' me (Put, yo, sets, up) Where ya from muthafucka where ya from Put yo sets up (Where ya from) Where ya from muthafucka where ya from  Put yo sets up in the air (Where ya from) Where ya from muthafucka where ya from  Put yo sets up (Where ya from) Now Raise 'em up, Raise 'em up (Where ya from) [Redd Eyezz] (That's Right, uh-huh, check me out) It's the city of pretty women, ass shakin' in tight denim The clubs be thick, pick a chick, bet I can bent 'em My click, big spendin' in the V.I.P. Our hoes, Get, Frea, - Ky [Slanted Eyezz] These niggaz cling ta my ass, they see a jazzy bitch Now hoe +Drop It Like It's Hot+ and represent 'cho click In the cut V.I.P. Eyezz roll in this bitch Got Juve ta my right, wit' a couple ounce and a splif [Redd Eyezz] Now if that pussy good, let me see you bounce ta this shit We drink Belvy-thuggin'-twistin' and smoke a ounces of cryp Put yo sets up, like yo hood drownin' and shit I swear ta God, if you grab niggaz, flip that scrip [Slanted Eyezz] See I'm a good pussy bitch, you can't go wrong wit' me And if it's a hotter miss, I'm still waitin' ta see I'll make me these niggaz love me huh, one way or the other Whether I be talkin' slick, or we under the covers [*Hook - Juvenile + (Slanted Eyezz) [R] Dirty South Baby, and yo mouth drives me crazy [S] I know I got these hardcore hits, you'll leave ya lady  [R] Ssshit, you must be crazy, you must think you sunshine  The kind that make me call all my girls in Carolina [S] In due time you'll see you wanna roll wit' me   I keep them pockets real fat, I'm reppin' thugs and G's [R] I'm one of the few thugs, Crips and Bloods, show love  We bang like Sub open, Star Sets on dubs  Chick, get naked baby show me some love  Wind yo waist ta the beat while I grab on ya butt  Look, it's Redd-iggity and Juvenile-niggity  And we came here ta get this bitch off the higgity [*Hook - Juvenile + (Slanted Eyezz)*] [Redd Eyezz] Another Z-Bo, Most Wanted,U.T.P. collaboration for the population From the 305 ta the 504, My man Hot Bot pick it up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: San Quinn f/ Juvenile, Keak Da Sneak Album: I Give You My Word Song: Pop Off Typed by: Pittsburg925@comcast.net [Are you ready?] [San Quinn] Give me a minute to get in it Give me a minute with one of your main bitches Mental fitness I demonstrate Right in front of your eyes Watch your bitch elevate from a five to a nine Confidence booster all in her mind And I'm checkin' every dollar and dime [Come with me] To the city where my committee chase titties and ass [Are you ready? Come with me] I'll show you where the check break fast And we bust heads fast If a nigga not in single file Run up on him single style Let the thing break him down You love my methods Take a nigga off the Earth if he on my shit list reckless The key copper Have to eat proper Bitches lookin' for guidance Had to be proper Tone Capone is the beat dropper The jump off is jumpin' off proper And it's about to get hotter Chorus: Keak Da Sneak [Come with me] Til it pop off And you better be ready for the jump off [Come with me] Til it pop off And you better be ready for the jump off [Come with me] Til it pop off And you better be ready for the jump off [Come with me] [Keak Da Sneak] I still rep Walnut Street in deep East Oakland The 100 block where you can your whole shit broken Like Mystikal "Still Smokin" The life ?? And rent free I never let nothin' live on my mind I gotta grind [grind], shine And fight for my grandma And don't do nothin' stupid like Hammer Til I go bankrupt Steady drinkin' til I finish my cup Then bust ya head before I shoot up the gut Fresh outta Folsom and proper beef injections Chosen selections Cuz girl I ain't fuckin' without protection I'm harder than erection Teachers so you study your lessons And advise for that viewer discretion On a scale to 1 to 10 I get 11 Give a toast to the pussy like Devin And beat it up off Sprite and Seagram 7 I've plottin' on a way to get rich And keep bread out that cock And all the folks in the hood aimin' for head Shots of lead poppin' Situation's crucial And every nigga I'm wit is feelin' neutral Fuck takin' 10 paces And drawin' down This ain't no Western movie Roll a Swisher, pass it to Ric Sat the window wit the doobie I'm lookin' at booty Onion ass on the strip You fine but baby girl where your whip It's jumpin' off [Juvenile] While I'm outtie on the West I got the best weed And the best hoes I'm on the block at all times dressed in the best clothes My focus is money cuz pussy come natural I only fuck wit those that can show me some collateral I deal 'em all off top I ain't a child molester or a killer I don't need y'all props Shit, if she wit me, she know what it is We hotellin' and you don't deserve to go to the crib If yo potna wanna roll she can roll I ain't gotta touch I like to smoke and watch you freaky hoes And I could have my choice Enie, meenie, miney, mo Bust a nut, get the fuck Play it how it go My main ho called and told me she made some money I said "Bitch you ain't never come gave it to me!" How many woman now done wanna get gangsta for me Gotta be willin' to get down on your hands and stomach [Are you ready?] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Scarface f/ Juvenile, Petey Pablo, Pimp C, Z-Ro Album: My Homies Part 2 (Bonus CD) Song: Pimp Hard Typed by: southsidebaulla@bellsouth.net * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1 - Scarface] I use to watch you on stage gettin'money, lookin lovely got these niggaz offerin they pockets tippin you twenties 'cause you cold with that shit that you do...ya mood shocked me unlike these other hoes in ya crew you don't jock me I'd like to get ya phone number just to see what you about call you for breakfast to get you out and see if you just some eyes without a face let me see ya crib - take me to ya place I wanna show you that it's mo'to me then fuckin on my mind 'cause in yo mind I bet you fuckin all the time come to find you only out tryin to go to school and tryna go to school and pay bills is hard to do I see you fool so go on and do ya thing but when you tired of showin ya titties give me a ring I like a woman gettin hers cause that's better then her tryna come up off mine I can't let her [Chorus - Bun B sampled] Go on and let a nigga peak, and let a nigga poke Go on get naked for me streak, and let a nigga stroke(Repeat 4x) [Verse 2 - Z-Ro] Go on and let a nigga peak, go on and let a nigga poke give me some assistance as I manuver my long stroke I hope you don't think I'm payin'for it that's the wrong hope 'Cause I know you wanna be Z'Rollin over chrome spokes bitch I know you wanna tell ya girlfriends how it was to get hit from the back, in the back of the 'Lac by a thug and to get ran through until you get carpet burns off the rug and to get nutted on by nine niggaz with diamond grills and guns and how you got on my microphone and sung a sixteen ya performance deserves a grammy check out my big screen most bitches don't know but you know what suckin a dick mean yeah the head was fed but what up with that in them jeans I can see the pussy (?)lookin like a big bee make ya cycle start early my shovel be diggin deep I don't wanna relationship, I just want me some relations go on and let a nigga poke hoe, and stop shuckin with my patience [Chorus - Bun B sampled] Go on and let a nigga peak, and let a nigga poke Go on get naked for me streak, and let a nigga stroke(Repeat 4x) [Verse 3 - Pimp C] Bitch get down on me at the drop of a dime fuck all that R & B singin shit I ain't got the time I'd rather bust yo'ass up with some screwed and chopped let me test ya jaws and let me stretch out ya cotton I'm still Pimp C bitch, the name ain't changed puttin stick up in these hoes don't remember they name 'cause we tired of playin games with them booty lickers 'cause we jumped up in ya life, cause I'm a true dirt digger so go on hit the streets, break them lame tricks then bring it back to daddy that's how you can get this dick I need the cash first - and the ass last and we can blow dro in the Benz while I smash on the gas so let a nigga pimp, and let a nigga mack and later on tonight you can get hit up in ya back...and get ya money back but when I make ya pussy skeet bitch you gon'buy me a 'Lac [Chorus - Bun B sampled] Go on and let a nigga peak, and let a nigga poke Go on get naked for me streak, and let a nigga stroke(Repeat 4x) [Verse 4 - Juvenile] I ain't tryna talk a hole in yo head but I can tell you didn't excel what them hoes done said starrin at my neck and my wrist 'cause my shit is frozen red and I look like a easy hustler so go ahead ya leavin the same way ya met me you gon'be grievin if you sex me, while I'm schemin on the next piece I'll poke ya cookie I don't give a fuck who know this who up in the area that aknowledge what a hoe is all my warriors is lovin my rep how I took it to the world from the project steps playin touch with my broad like my children and it ain't like back in the days when we ducked behind buildings I be a threat to tell a broad what I'm feeling especially if she poor and she need to be gettin no bullshittin she ever fix her mouth for some money it's good with me I ain't the one what you need is a stool pigeon [Chorus - Bun B sampled] Go on and let a nigga peak, and let a nigga poke Go on get naked for me streak, and let a nigga stroke(Repeat 4x) [Verse 5 - Petey Pablo] If you think I'm a treat a bitch with high price drawls any differance then the way I treat the grandma's on how many ways is there to say that you terribly wrong would you understand me better if I just said "naw" fuck what another motherfucker told y'all that's tipical talk when they dick hard they just wanna little pussy mama that's all it's like fourth down, two yards fuck it they goin for it how am I payin'for it?, and how much you charge for it? it ain't about being a whore that's what it's made for get ya paper baby fuck what the world say get ya bills paid....okay! [Chorus - Bun B Sampled] Go on and let a nigga peak, and let a nigga poke Go on get naked for me streak, and let a nigga stroke [Petey Pablo talking] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Soulja Slim f/ Juvenile Album: Years Later... A Few Months After Song: U Bootin Up Typed by: chinnmiami@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Hook] You bootin up, you bootin up nigga, you bootin up, ha You bootin up, you bootin up nigga, you bootin up I'll make it happen to ya, I ain't rappin to ya I'll make it happen to ya, I ain't rappin to ya I'll make it happen to ya, I ain't rappin to ya I'll make it happen to ya, I ain't rappin to ya [Soulja Slim] Soulja, soulja tell me how you do it First you need Dani for some cut throat music I'ma give you the game nigga peep this out Just put ya mask on ya face just let 'em see ya mouth This original, down south bounce shit Gotta give it up to ???? who invented the shit Rest in peace to DJ Irve you had them trigga mans locked I was to young to go and ghost so I was standin outside That was way back then, when I was sellin rocks Bounce was the shit then niggaz gave me my props I'ma six court nigga, Magnolia nigga They beefin on LaSelle and they beefin on Willow mayne Fuck them niggaz, they ain't talkin bout nothin They don't feel how I feel bout my projects, they stuntin I aim it at ya head and let this bitch off Juvenile is my dawg and thats how we set it off [Bridge:Soulja Slim (Juvenile)]X4 Whodi (Wassup) I got a k' (Wassup) And I don't play (Wassup) yea [Juvenile] I ain't too fine in fuckin wit niggaz, cuz most of them hoes They get exposed, clipped and flipped in the road burn him and his car and his clothes Know some killas that'll provide me with help But thats not really necessary, Juve wilin' hisself So where ya going, wassup, hope it ain't outside son Look I don't jot a foot in the club without my gun I'ma boss wit these hoes, niggaz can stop my fun Cheezy, this gon run and go tell the cops what I done If I don't like ya, I'll fight ya, I'll cut ya I'll kill ya, in fact, I'll show ya hoes how a guerilla could act Me, Slim and Wack carry the hood on our back ya understand me I do this for love my area my family I'll kill ya mami, is ya speakin my spanish Kidnap her ass from Tammies, you cry and she vanish Asked my guy get out the jammies, Big Boy been nannies Even when my daddy went frantic, I still wouldnt panic [Hook] [Soulja Slim] I heard Crazy wan' kill me, and Silk want fight But I've been doin that duck type shit all my life No, I don't know karate, herb and some silky draws You located in Victoria Secret full of bras You don't want none of me, keep it in the studio Take it to the streets and I'ma really prove that you's a hoe I wasnt gon' fuck wit ya on the strength C (C-Murder) But now I'ma fuck over ya on the strength of P (Master P) I been ready to die, you ain't ready to die I got shot when I was 17 now I'm 25 I don't give a fuck nigga, I don't give a fuck nigga I don't give a fuck nigga, I don't give a fuck nigga I'ma soulja and yall fake niggaz Cuz I'ma soulja and yall fake niggaz Cuz I'ma real soulja and yall fake niggaz Cuz I'ma soulja and yall fake niggaz [Juvenile] I'll make it happen to ya, I ain't rappin to ya I'll make it happen to ya, I ain't rappin to ya I'll make it happen to ya, I ain't rappin to ya I'll make it happen to ya, I ain't rappin to ya I'll make it happen to ya, I ain't rappin to ya I'll make it happen to ya, I ain't rappin to ya I'll make it happen to ya, I ain't rappin to ya I'll make it happen to ya, I ain't rappin to ya The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tear Da Club Up Thugs f/ Big Tymers, Hot Boys Album: CrazyNDaLazDayz Song: Hypnotize Cash Money Typed by: Jimdiggity@aol.com {Juvenile} How you love this playboy? This one here bezzled out.  With the Hot Boys and the Tear da Club up Thugs. {Manny Fresh} Nigga like thiiiiiis. {Baby} Ridin on twenties. Memphis and New Orleans we gonna show you how we do this. {DJ Paul} Y'all Know the motherfuckin score bitch. y'all boys y'all boys ain't ready for this  Hot Boys Hot Boys gunnin with the Three 6  40 Cal. in my draws runnin from them laws  a clip is rolled in my sock, im hoping that I don't fall  I'm certainly hittin corners, hittin gates, shit is dirty, plenty tight  leapin tall buildings in a single bounce feelin ceiling lights  hear me this if I go I better go in style  but in Tennessee another bugged out nigga stunts {B.G.} fuckin with me huh? you fuckin with the wrong one  that fire spit from my K have your wig cooked when im done {Lil Wayne} now hold up B-Geezy, what seems to be the blood clot?  is it enough for me to go shoot up them drug spot? {B.G.} Lil killa Weezay, they drug spot is fuckin up a nigga cheezay  get em out and shut that bitch down  {Lil Wayne} huh? well lets ride nigga  we gettin high realize they all die nigga  them Hot Boys started ridin {B.G.} we gonna fire nigga wet em real good  wave your hand rid-a-bye-bye-bye nigga  shut down they hood and shoot they streets on both sides nigga {Lil Wayne} we the Hot B. lighters  ridin at nighters in two red Vipers {B.G.} they gonna expect two snipers splittin heads like this  puttin they clique in a blender bustin gats like this {Lil Wayne} full of that danger in all black like this  and if a nigga want some more then we be back like this, what? {Lord Infamous} Sosate Lord cause the war competors come on irregular  intruders face these barracudas hunt you nigga predators  double barrel bust that warned them now they surely scared of us  seriously we party stay out the streets or face the territory  cowards of the hour sickened by my tower flower power  shower and devour face the boom boom boom power  Tear da Club up Thugs kickin it with the Hot Boys  cause our weapons weigh a ton and we came to bring the noise bitch {Turk} I'll wet a nigga block for anything me and my Hot Boy clique  quick to dress in all black and drop a nigga like shit two time on a thug nigga, bout it since my younger days  been pullin triggers, been runnin thru the hallways  playin it raw sparkin at anytime  any place any where with my fuckin 9 I got an army of niggas with automatic gats  bout splittin head ass niggas Craig, Ron, and Randy Hot Boys and Three 6 they teamed up realer  wanna start beef its a must we freeze it up realer {Juvenile} real clangly trigger, and you a nigga now who did it?  motherfucker no stomach they too scary to admit it  rearview mirror fucked up so I cant see when they coming  yesterday I got spooked out and drewed out on an old woman  I told the lady "Look im sorry Miss I knew I was wrong,  but you came so fuckin close to me I thought it was on."  thats why my partners is gone they done seen an evil approaching and a nigga got em if it was me I would have smoked him  lets stop all this nonsense cause they couldn't catch Lil Duane  y'all motherfuckers think a syringe in this man  shit if hammers in tap-ons don't even worry bout it thugsta  left em in the garbage expectin they'll find an inner city youngsta  I'm an all around hustla get paid in many ways  knew a Dre to get played, had a connection with Yah  once before I went in a house and killed four  hit the nigga for dirty hoes that he kept under the floor  now im with the Three 6 mob pushin them Burbs  niggas done made a come up Hot Boys from the 3rd {Juicy J} its the Juice comin up out the dark from apart  North Memphis niggas always heart and we start  shit with these motherfuckin haters we ain't no traders  bustin hustlas and some G's chasers about that paper  pass that weed if you a friend of me  usually punk tricks kill a fifth of Hennesey  and get bucked wild in the club thats how we be  all you gang niggas throw them thangs and show them teeth  its on {Baby} niggas be sizin niggas ridin I'll sign on niggas  but I'll die for a few niggas: Suga Slim, Manny, and my Hot Boy Clique,  never forget my B.G. cause I know he'll kill a nigga more for me bitch  but today im with Three 6 and im showin love  where these Tennessee hoe suck dick till they see blood  wearin my black glove, in case I gotta bust a niggas head cuz  niggas buyin Bentlies on dubs, TV's with VC's is a must  automatic strap plus, and keep my soldiers on my feet no matter what  Juve got four and B.G. got ten, while my thirty-two golds nigga we all in  Turk got the red beam team, double R Rolls Royce showin love  went to Miami and bought a Lambergini on dubs  niggas ridin buttons to show these hoes we worth somethin  and my baby momma the bitch play too many games  said she was takin pills now she pregnant again  but its all gravy baby  and my children gonna be strapped if im blind deaf or crazy baby  playboy you can believe that  {B.G.} How you luv it now playboy? Manny Fresh on the motherfuckin tracks boy. {DJ Paul} Yo yo yo Hypnotized motherfuckin Mindz productions up in here you heard me?  Hot Boys with Three motherfuckin 6 bitch {echoes} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trey Songz f/ Aretha Franklin, Juvenile Album: I Gotta Make It Song: Gotta Make It (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Aretha Franklin] Trey (yes ma'am) this is Aretha! Believe in yourself (fo'sho) believe in your dreams (uh-huh) Don't let nobody tell you what you can't do You sure gonna make it yeahhh... [Trey Songz] This song is for my shawty That's goin through it, you gotta know you can do it And this song is for my homies Just hold it down cuz, good from the ground up [Bridge] Cause I tried a suit with a smile - it ain't fit me And I played the block for a while - them people tried to kill me No matter what you go through, I know thing is true Keep believin and you'll [Chorus: repeat 2X] Cause when it's feelin like you just can't take it And no matter what you do ooh they keep hatin Lift yo' head up to the sky, tell yourself I Just gotta make it, I just gotta make it [Trey Songz] Shawty I know you 'bout to have your baby Before you give up just take a second lady Look in the mirror yo' reflection baby It's perfection baby, don't neglect it baby Now homey I know you been nicklin and dimin Can't get enough hours at yo' job to put yo' time in I know them streets lokin good and that money lookin long Go on get how you live who am I to tell you wrong [Bridge] + [Chorus] [Juvenile] Man I done slept in the hallways, but I didn't cry though Was advanced from my learnin but was all caught in the cycle What I wore in the D-town was what I wore as my main clothes Concerned about a meal when I shoulda been shuttin my eyes closed Know about the Songz, Wacko, hills and the Pacos Gonna go on about a reducer with the good that ain't even nachos If I ain't got nothin I got flows, small cap and the block low Just keep on grindin don't pay attention to these potholes And you can make the come-up, makin moves in the Hummer And you can take your children down to Disney World this summer I done been to Hell and back that's why I changed my life Been caught up and convicted for the same thing twice Now new picture with me to get my mind-frame right If I don't do it, my partner bought it on the same night If I was with him then I'd be by him on the same flight I was livin for the moment now I'm doin things right [Trey Songz] I know I just gotta make it Just to see a smile up on your face I know I, I just gotta make it Everything I do I do for you And we - are gonna make it To the top of the world We, just gotta make it c'mon now just gotta make it [Aretha Franklin] + (Trey Songz) As long as you ain't steppin on nobody (that's the Queen of Soul) Tryin to get where you goin (she paved the way for me) (So I know she knows) Hang tough when you have to You're gonna make it, you're gonna make it yeah Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Make it make it make it {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Twista f/ Juvenile, Speedknot Mobstas Album: The Day After Song: Out Here Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com (Hook, Juvenile) If you wanna come see me for a bag I'm out'chea If you wanna see that mean green Jag I'm out'chea If you wanna see me rollin' that Phillie I'm out'chea If ya talkin' like ya comin' to get me I'm out'chea (Verse 1, Liffy Stokes) If you wanna see real niggas who grind (I'm out'chea) Everyday, I put my life on the line (I'm out'chea) If a nigga need a lic on some 'Dro (I'm out'chea) I got waitin', I don't break down my O's (I'm out'chea) On the debt, old school hustlin' I came up from nothin', and uhhh The game's so cold, my pistol's protectin' me bruh' The streets is my tool, to buildin' my legacy, uhh I'm made officer, so what the fuck is you sweatin' me for? I'm out'chea, fuckin' ho's and doin' shows I'm out'chea, poppin' Mo's and smokin' 'Dro I'm out'chea, doin' me, ballin' the fuck out Chrys-T and Feezy jeans, throwin' some dust out (Hook, Juvenile) If you wanna come see me for a bag I'm out'chea If you wanna see that mean green Jag I'm out'chea If you wanna see me rollin' that Phillie I'm out'chea If ya talkin' like ya comin' to get me I'm out'chea If you tell me that it ain't really hot I'm out'chea If you wanna see me out on the block I'm out'chea If you wanna see that old school Chevy I'm out'chea (Twista) If you talkin' like you comin' to get me (Juvenile) I'm out'chea (Verse 2, Juvenile) Boy hit my windows up, hit up my doors, then Shoot up my partners and kid-nap all of my ho's, then Make my money, funny, if I got it comin' to me Talk stupid to a nigga, when ya run into me If you don't want'cha grille, ya don't wanna live You don't want'cha kids, you don't want'cha crib That's exactly what you losin' If you don't want it, better let the Lac kid move it (Verse 3, Mayz & (Liffy Stokes) If you wanna see a real nigga shine (I'm out'chea) Need a pimp to control your body and mind? (I'm out'chea) When you ready to go cook up this cake (I'm out'chea) Got a few hundred grams you wanna shake? (I'm out'chea) Mobsta niggas spend our time on the grind Sippin' 'Gnac, slangin' packs of the city's biggest dimes Yeah you got a decent bag, but yo' shit ain't big as mine If you get'cha game tight, I'ma have to rob ya blind I'm from K-Town bitch, wit' different gangs on every block And the way you wear ya hat, just might get yo ass shot The Mobsta's got the game on lock, and the hater's full of fear Scared to ride through the hood, cause they know we out'chea (Hook, Juvenile) If you wanna come see me for a bag I'm out'chea If you wanna see that mean green Jag I'm out'chea If you wanna see me rollin' that Phillie I'm out'chea If ya talkin' like ya comin' to get me I'm out'chea (Verse 4, Twista) When you see me, pull that hood up Betta' get low! We bout to tear the fuckin' hood up Balla's and killa's and gangsta's (What'chu runnin' from?) Balla's and killa's and gangsta's (Nigga, what'chu runnin' from?) Shoulda' seen they face when I bought they work and got at the rock I'm from K-Town, bitch and I don't know shit but the block Gotta get that money, so I don't care I'm posted up right here, and I ain't goin' no-where You gon' have to move man, twenty-thousand a week, and I ain't hear nothin' Bust at y'all and stackin' chips on the seat, if police come cuffin' That's when I might have to hide out Or dip through the hood wit' the chrome and the wood When I pull that ride out, got a screen that slide out When I jump out, boys gone (I'm out'chea) If you wanna get them rocks and them blows (I'm out'chea) If you plottin' on a mission to get me (I'm out'chea) If you wanna see the Twist' in yo city (I'm out'chea) (Hook, Juvenile) If you wanna come see me for a bag I'm out'chea If you wanna see that mean green Jag I'm out'chea If you wanna see me rollin' that Phillie I'm out'chea If ya talkin' like ya comin' to get me I'm out'chea If you tell me that it ain't really hot I'm out'chea If you wanna see me out on the block I'm out'chea If you wanna see that old school Chevy I'm out'chea I'm out'chea (Twista) When you see me, pull that hood up Betta' get low! We bout to tear the fuckin' hood up Balla's and killa's and gangsta's (What'chu runnin' from?) Balla's and killa's and gangsta's (What'chu runnin' from?) When you see me, pull that hood up Betta' get low! We bout to tear the fuckin' hood up Balla's and killa's and gangsta's (What'chu runnin' from?) Balla's and killa's and gangsta's (Nigga, what'chu runnin' from?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: W.C. f/ Juvenile (As Nino Brown) Album: Revenge of the Barracuda Song: Hustla Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com * Nino's Theme; performed by Ice-T but characterized by Wesley Snipes  in the 1991 'New Jack City' Movie [Intro: W.C.] Yeah, I'm feeling this one right here! Uhh.. get some of that; Pump the music up and count our money shit, you know what I'm saying? Yo, everywhere I go, niggaz always asking me the same thing They wanna know throughout the bullshit, how the fuck I maintain You know what I tell them? [Chorus: Juvenile] I told them cause I'm a hustler, they wanna know how I made it this far I told them cause I'm a hustler, and everyday I gotta go hard Somebody tell them, I'ma gon' get it A gorilla gotta get it, mother fuck what you know Cause I'm a hustler, and everyday I gotta go hard I'm a hustler [Verse One: W.C.] Climbing out the black Range, guess who's back man H-Double-O-D from the stove to this Rap thing Don't know how to act man, now I got change Thirty thousand on a crap game, wander to stop your campaigns Whipping it from the studio to the kitchen The good for making something out of nothing like a magician Dub classified G status, working hard And I bring the money bag like Pyrexes in Garbage Jars Now some get it from the Baking Soda to the Beaker But I get it from pushing this Cali' Cavi' through your speakers And I remember watching the game from the Bleachers Bro! Homie indeed as now it's blue Louie Sneakers (DAMN!) I've looked for where the cash lay I've schooled by niggaz who cruise the interstate with the Kush in the Astray Get it the fast way Somebody asks why I live today like my last day! [Chorus: Juvenile] [W.C.] YEAH! YEAH! COME ON!! STRAIGHT! UHH, yo, Come On! [Juvenile as G-Money] Bust up in this nigga It's Nino, let's go [Verse Two: Juvenile as Nino Brown] Nino, bitch you know how my team come? Trying to be here if any nigga got a green thumb (YES!) Yeah, I'm talking greener than a Jet Stan Down in the bottom with the Marshes in a wetland Keep the bank account and wallet on overload Is it movie, I got money, No! I don't know them whores I'm high off light but ready to overdose I live the fast life, but I got a slow approach My driveway is like a drive end I got relationship to move it on the high ten My product is a top notch quality And I ain't talking twitter my nigga, now can you follow me? I can turn a stack into a hundred Gs And I can turn a Grammy into a hundred keys I got the streets wide open, they want me to say how I did it That's what I told them [Chorus: Juvenile] [W.C. overlapping the above Chorus] They know, go hard! Tell them, get it, yeah! Yo, Uhha [Verse Three: W.C.] Now I can fake it, and rap some bullshit, but why I lie? These rappers be lying, but not I I'm a cannon on the side of the tie Stay fly when the smoke, is bouncing the car when I'm eying 95 High riding-by, itching to let the Glock sighs Turning up the Kool-Aid, thunder burnt in a hot fries Niggaz counting me out, but that's a lie See I can't die, money don't sleep, so why should I? See this is for my niggaz still thirsty as hell Shipping their meal, turned up, doing burgers in their jail sales Zig zags and plug rollers, burners in the sofa Chip holders, know how to get the grub and flip it over Stuff the money and the dope for profit change by the hustle My loved ones slain in the struggle I'ma grind til my ashes lay Motherfuckers wanna know why I act this way [Chorus: Juvenile X2] [Outro: W.C. overlapping the above Chorus] What's that? WHAT? UHH! Come On! Tell them YO! YO! YO! YO! [Juvenile overlapping the above Chorus] That's right, everything in my life UHHA, yeah, somebody tell them so Holler at the dope boy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ying-Yang Twins f/ B.G., Fat Joe, Fatman Scoop, Jacki-O, Juvenile & Murphy Lee Album: What's Happnin' / Salt Shaker Remix (Vinyl Single) Song: Salt Shaker (Remix) Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Ying Yang] Shorty crunk on the floor wide open Speak so much they call her Billy Ocean Roll like a eighteen wheeler (whomp whomp) That ho fine but this ho killer Ho's be drunk on it, pop Let me see ya shake it baby when you do the walk on it Shake it like a salt shaker, tremble like a vibrator Shake it like a salt shaker, tremble like a vibrator [Murphy Lee] So fresh, so motherfuckin' clean If the booty's a drug then I'm a fiend She's slangin' like a damn drug dealer Nice sized booty but I wish it was bigger She pretty like a nine to ten She wit it and so is her friend (come on) Shake it like a salt shaker (shake it like a salt shaker) Maybe we can talk later (maybe we can talk later) [Fat Joe] When the sun goes down and my dick grows bigger How many bitches wanna fuck this nigga Named Crack, and I ain't mad at that But all these wack bitches, where the bad ones at Where the chicks make a nigga wanna marry that Make a nigga go and trick, buy a cadillac A cadillac, I'm just gassin' black Tell her what she wanna hear cause her ass is fat [Ying Yang Twins] Shorty crunk on the floor wide open Speak so much they call her Billy Ocean Roll like a eighteen wheeler (whomp whomp) That ho fine but this ho killer Ho's be drunk on it, pop Let me see ya shake it baby when you do the walk on it Shake it like a salt shaker, tremble like a vibrator Shake it like a salt shaker, tremble like a vibrator [Fatman Scoop] Let the ho's in free, let the ho's in free Let the ho's in free, let 'em in, let 'em in Let the ho's in free, let the ho's in free Let the ho's in free, let 'em in, let 'em in Now throw that thang like it's off the chain, oh Throw that thang like it's off the chain, oh, oh Throw that thang like it's off the chain, oh Throw that thang like it's off the chain [Jacki-O] Welches, strawberry, it ain't jam A hundred per cent beef, shit it ain't spam I'm so freaky, they stay treatin' me Neck bricked up, chick stay gettin' licked up I been hurtin' em, been Prada shoe, Chanel skirtin' 'em Been murkin' 'em, oh been workin' 'em Queen of the south, they wanna do me They wanna chew me, they just love the ghetto booty [Ying Yang Twins] Shorty crunk on the floor wide open Speak so much they call her Billy Ocean Roll like a eighteen wheeler (whomp whomp) That ho fine but this ho killer Ho's be drunk on it, pop Let me see ya shake it baby when you do the walk on it Shake it like a salt shaker, tremble like a vibrator Shake it like a salt shaker, tremble like a vibrator [Juvenile] She rollin', just look at how she movin' Niggaz breakin' their necks to see what she doin' She got a big fat, uh, in between there I hope it's clean in there before I get in there Have you ever had a date with a millionaire With canary yellow diamonds shining everywhere Slow motion, like Soulja told ya Cut that bullshit and shake it like a ho supposed to [B.G.] Hot girl, where ya at, get loose Stand right there, show me what you could do Break it off, let me see ya tear it down Do it like my girl Mo from Uptown Shake with it, ya shaped like a Coke bottle Walk with it for me like a Hollywood model Damn, you're doing that there Your man say he gon' put his shoe in that there [Ying Yang Twins] Shorty crunk on the floor wide open Speak so much they call her Billy Ocean Roll like a eighteen wheeler (whomp whomp) That ho fine but this ho killer Ho's be drunk on it, pop Let me see ya shake it baby when you do the walk on it Shake it like a salt shaker, tremble like a vibrator Shake it like a salt shaker, tremble like a vibrator [D-Roc] I got your bitch pussy poppin' in her pants The beat got her ass in a trance, holdin' up her God damn hands Liek I dunno why I wanna dance But she shook it, shook it, shake it every time she get a chance In the booty club is the place to be Where the bitch so crunk she'll shake for free Got her up, get her pumped, that what you gon' see Bald head, pink leather, that punani [Kaine] My name Kaine, I'm damn sure glad I came Butt naked bitches gettin' off the chain Bouncin' that ass like she ridin' a dick Here's a ten and twenty, keep dancin' bitch Cause I like the way you shake that shit Me and my brother in this bitch, show a nigga what you workin' with I see ho's, ho's and more ho's And none of these bitches got on some clothes [Ying Yang Twins] Oooooh Shorty crunk on the floor wide open Speak so much they call her Billy Ocean Roll like a eighteen wheeler (whomp whomp) That ho fine but this ho killer Ho's be drunk on it, pop Let me see ya shake it baby when you do the walk on it Shake it like a salt shaker, tremble like a vibrator Shake it like a salt shaker, tremble like a vibrator The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Z-Ro f/ Devin the Dude, Juvenile Album: Let The Truth Be Told Song: The Mule Typed by:YungZiggy101@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Z-Ro] What? King of the Ghetto what they call me cause I rule this Bitch (rule this Bitch) I'm bout business I don't participate in foolishness (foolishness) But every now and then somebody want to get the trippin with me (trippin with me) And thats when I get stupid and them gorilla niggaz be with me But I'll rather be running up in something wet and slippery (wet and slipperrrry) Waiting on a nigga baby mama to come visit me (visit meeee) They know I'm working with something so they be trying to holla (trying to holla) They nigga just make them moan they hit me when they trying to holla (trying to holla) Guess I be digging to deep they emotions start growing Got they husband wondering who they been fucking four in the morning (four in the morning) Lil mama cover you track if ya man find out and call his self trying to check me I'm a beat his Bitch ass (Bitch ass) He just mad cause he be missing and needing his bitch ass (Bitch ass) And he mad cause I be rubbing and squeezing his bitch ass (Bitch ass) He in love with the chick and she don't even remember his ass She down for Z-Ro and do anything I ask Cause I hit her with the mule [Chorus 2X: Devin the Dude] + (Z-Ro) Thats the reason why these broads be tripping don't want me to be with no other women  (Cause I hit 'em with the mule) Going to deep when I be diggin up in them bumping up against they kidneys when I stick them  (Cause I hit 'em with the mule) [Devin the Dude] Valerie is mad at me because I ran up in Kim Kim got a nigga so Val told him How I be sneaking with his gal yeah massaging that monkey Slapping her on the ass while she riding that donkey And now my name in the mix But thats what you get putting your thang in a bitch You got to butt em' up stick 'em ha ha and dip Flush the rubber yep and get in the car and flip But hoes always know where your ride at Or at least where it was they notice the tire tracks now they flat So I learned to be polite move over please grind it up in them an damn near damage their ovaries Jack that ass up look at a minute Then urghhh ride up in it It's a certain way you stroke the hoes Take her on a vacation poke her nose [Juvenile] Look I can't help but see her she got that big ol' bumper behind her When I see her she remind me of my lil mama Mia I don't want rewind back to my bahama dear She was out chea this lil nigga got her here You wanna know bout my neighbor yeah I kinda knew her She was impress with my whips I wasn't kinda sure Kinda blew her off cause she was playing me tight Bumping down and let them whitey boys change her life I hope you ain't beefing And my past ain't got nothing to do with me hitting that ass Ma I'm tweaking, I'm from a different world Where you don't tie a woman down if she want to look around go head and get it girl Flexxa time to have sexxa Look how ya got me I don worked up a sweat Calling my number cause no one do it better Got you at home at night writing me letters [Z-Ro] Pissed of cause too many people been in my face Mean mugging everybody two seconds from catching a case Plus somebody just hit my car man the shit don't stop Go thru my phone and choose a victim take it out on the cock (on the cock) Ma thinking bout gripping ass thats why I hit it swift and fast I'm a put this log on you you gon' feel it all in your calves A gangsta so I'm raw with it I know what I'm doing Thats why she pop up at my residence trying to see what I'm doing She knocking if the lights on ready to get her fight on Cause last night she had orgasms all night long Made her feel like she was married with children But ain't no Al and Peggy I'm strictly here to do some drilling in your man filling There would be my hand filling all up in your you know But you disappointed cause you ain't my numeral uno So you go acting a fool breaking all a players rule Straight forgot you had dude at home Cause I hit you with the mule 