The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: A Kid Named Cudi Song: Down and Out Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [KiD CuDi] Hey! This is my story, this is my song If you feel it, muthafucka, you can't go wrong To the screw-face niggaz, what'chu on? Get off that, get a goal and focus dawg See, I'm what you need, you fiendin' now Ask around and I'll bet you figure out How to zone and control your future while Yeah, I think I'm in the future, too I'm unlike fools, who precede the jewels To be like them, I be like who I be like me, Mr. K-i-d, S-o-l-o, D-o-l-o See the lord adore me He met me half way No guts, no glory I always say So until I reach what I came here to find Along with inner peace, life will always be a grind One day I'll be what the world want me to be I was born to be super duper Scott The one bad bitches call super duper lame Now super duper fame gives me super duper brains Eighty-six to Cape, but I'm super duper high Soarin' passed the moon I'm super duper lonely.. guy [Chorus: KiD CuDi] Down and out, so I'm out and down and looking for a substance to drown in, hey Down and out, so I'm out and down and looking for a substance to drown in [KiD CuDi] For even in hell, I still have faith To one day be free with my father at the gates But make no mistakes, I'll show you what time takes To be a success on Earth, mixed with all the hate I stand on my pivot, my life you could not live it For the things that I've seen have been too damn explicit But soon you will get it on a CD with some credits I provide my grind, mixed with no edits They say they don't want me when I'm fucked up and forgotten Until I rise up amongst the evils tryin' to stop 'em Slow down bitch, my money is what I'm clockin' I'm tick-tockin' Once I start, I ain't stopping Such bullshit that my soul deal wit When my room's dim lit I pray to God help with, uh My endeavors and any kind of weather Hoes be pleather fake so I erase 'em out my sim Now do you want to be him? Think twice, you commit suicide tryin' to read my mind Now do you want to be him? Think twice, you commit suicide tryin' to read my mind Down and out, hey Down and out, out [Chorus: KiD CuDi] (Repeat 4x) Down and out, so I'm out and down and looking for a substance to drown in, hey Down and out, so I'm out and down and looking for a substance to drown in [KiD CuDi] Down and out... Down and out... Down and out... Down and out... Yeah, okay, this how we going to do it Plain Pat presents, "A Kid Named Cudi" Hello... Long time, nigga... On the grind, nigga... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: A Kid Named Cudi Song: Is There Any Love? Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com Heads up, nigga Wale Play it back Emile Off jump, boo, cudi get ya funk Hit ya in your head then it work it to your rump Hate a nigga scared, hey leave him off stump They gotta like a nigga Call me Obama Not a hype beast while you beast for the hype Yea I'm the underdog, story of my life Matter fact I dreamed that I lived twice Once as a slave who imagined bein' free And made it out happy for his family and his seed And now me, you can call me mister friendly One life to live, but no actin' on my nigga Friendy Can't stand evil bitches when they befriend me All they do is envy and plot up on my loins I give you options, baby flip a coin You get McDonalds, forget the sirloin Hatin' my mackin', they askin' Is there any love In this world? Is there any love In this world? Is there any love In this world of voice? Is there any love In this world? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: A Kid Named Cudi Song: Cudi Get Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com Gimme more, uh, uhh C'mon feel the noise, don't stop the boys, They get wild wild wild, wild wild wild [KiD CuDi] Step it up, let your neck snap back Uh, saddle up baby-girl put your hair back Hurry up, barkeep, keep the brew comin' Tryin' to drank 'till my back start slumpin' Like old man, live by the old rules Fought all the steps in front of the old fools Got me nowhere, nigga, it's a different time Fuck '08, niggas thinkin' '09, I take a look behind Niggas can't form a line Like Kindergarten waitin' for the water fountain Standin' up, said, arms crossed, poutin' Scott Mescudi, boys they was doubtin' him 'Till they Googled me and found that Imeem They love a dooder, they love me I mean I can't believe how I had a dream of Martin King But they ain't takin' me out on no balcony (Feel the noise, don't stop the boys They battle-ow-ow, wow-wow-wow) [KiD CuDi] Stand up, put your arms to the ceiling man Show skin, baby-girl, yeah, I'm a fan Won't do you wrong, like a pushover See Cudi ridin' through, better pull over Like I got blue, red lights shinin' 'round But if I see the man, slowly put the club down "How you doin' Officer? Nice mustache" Dunkin Donut eatin' muthafuckas hatin', damn I get my speed-racer on Playin' Ray Cash, get my Cleveland city on Brooklyn to Cali, jet-lagged and all There's still enough time to hit the mall Shit, one wish when I'm deceased Bury me in 501's and ten deep And please keep the bapes on the feet So I can watch the devil ice-grill me, Haha, yeah, how you like a nigga now? I'm it like the clown, And CuDi get (Wild wild wild) I get (Wild wild wild) Back, back up in the mix like that How y'all feel? How y'all feel? Y'all a'ight? That's right And it's like that Plain-Pat, holla at me, man Yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: A Kid Named Cudi Song: Man on the Moon (The Anthem) Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [KiD CuDi] Alright, run it I never gave a fuck, I never a fuck about what niggas thought about me  I mean I did, but like fuck it you know what I'm sayin?  You gon' love me man  You gon' love me man They can't comprehend or even come close to understanding him  I guess if I was boring they would love me more  Guess if I was simple in the mind  Everything would be fine  Maybe if I was jerk to girls  Instead of being nice and speaking kind words  Then maybe it would be okAY to say then, I wasn't a good guy to begin with But my mind is all crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy...  They got me thinking I ain't human Like I came in from above, above, above, above...  Feelin' like a airplane in the sky  But then they say I'm crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy...  They got me thinking I ain't human like I came in from above, above, above, above...  Feelin' like a bird sittin' high high [Chorus: KiD CuDi] I be that man on the moon  I'm that man on the moon  And I'mma do what I do  So do you, hey hey  I be posted with my blunt and a brew my dude  I'm that man on the moon I'm up up on the moon  [KiD CuDi] Feels like I-I'm gonna play all my stuff for everybody  You know and all my people give me feedback You know and they be like,  "Yo! Yo, why, why your shit sound so different? You know what I'm sayin'?  Why, why your why you shit like on anotha le-Why's it sound so different?" Like it's a bad thing!?! And I be like, Why not? Nigga! Close my eyes, high in the dark  It's a curtain call, come one come all  All I do is try to make it simple  The ones that make it complicated never get congratulated  I'm somethin' different, all aspects  Don't want a woman just to love her assets  I still wife her up even with her flat chest  The type to get hurt but that's the past tense My mind is all hazy, hazy, hazy, hazy...  I be thinkin' that I'm wrong, cause they used to call me lame, lame, lame, lame...  My swag was a little different  But then my mind is hazy, hazy, hazy, hazy...  I be thinkin' that I'm wrong But they the ones who lame, lame, lame, lame...  I got the last laugh, nigga... [Chorus: KiD CuDi] I be that man on the moon  I'm that man on the moon  And I'mma do what I do  So do you, hey hey  I be posted with my blunt and a brew my dude  I'm that man on the moon I'm up up on the moon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: A Kid Named Cudi Song: The Prayer Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [KiD CuDi] Plain Pat, what up? My heart thump not from being nervous Sometimes I'm thinking God made me special here on purpose So all the while 'til I'm gone make my words important so If I slip away, if I die today the last thing you remember won't Be about some apple bottom jeans with the boots with the fur Baby, how I dream of being free since my birth Cursed, but the demons I confronted would disperse, disperse Have you ever heard of some shit so real... Beyond from the heart, from the soul you can feel [Chorus: KiD CuDi] And if I die before I wake, I pray the lord my soul to take But please don't cry, just know that I have made these songs for you And if I die before I wake I pray the lord my soul to take Cause I'm ready for the funeral [KiD CuDi] My mind runs I can never catch it even if I got a head start God please tell me I am feeling so alone way I don't need to worry cause I know the world'll feel this nigga Blessing in disguise, but I am not hiding who I am open your eyes, bro If I ever met you, I appreciate the love, yo Girls that I dated, it's okay, I am not mad, yo.. Unless you stabbed me in the heart, no love ho, this shit is so ill... Play it back from the top if you recognize real [Chorus: KiD CuDI] (Repeat 2x) And if I die before I wake, I pray the lord my soul to take But please don't cry, just know that I have made these songs for you And if I die before I wake I pray the lord my soul to take Cause I'm ready for the funeral [KiD CuDi] I'm ready for the funeral, hey-hey I'm ready for the funeral, hey I'm ready for the funeral Hey, I'm ready for it I'm ready for it I'm ready for the funeral... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: The Man on the Moon: The End of the Day Song: Day 'n' Nite Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini20502K@Yahoo.com [Kid Cudi - Verse One] Uh, uh, uh, uh... Day 'n' nite... I toss and turn, I keep stress in my mind, mind I look for peace and see I don't attain What I need for keeps, this silly game we play...play.. Now look at this... Madness to magnets keeps attractin me, me I try to run, but see I'm not that fast I think I'm first, but surely finish last...last... 'Cause day 'n' nite... The lonely stoner seem to free his mind at night He's all alone through the day 'n' nite The lonely loner seem to free his mind at night, ah-ah, at nite 'Cause day 'n' nite... The lonely stoner seem to free his mind at night He's all alone, some things will never change The lonely loner seem to free his mind at night, ah-ah, at nite [Kid Cudi - Verse Two] Hold the phone, the lonely stoner Mr. solo dolo He's on the move can't seem to shake the shade Within his dreams he sees the life he made, made The pain is deep, a silent sleeper you wont hear a peep, peep The girl he wants don't seem to want him too It seems the feelings that she had are through, through 'Cause day 'n' nite... The lonely stoner seem to free his mind at night He's all alone through the day 'n' nite The lonely loner seem to free his mind at night, ah-ah, at nite 'Cause day 'n' nite... The lonely stoner seem to free his mind at night He's all alone, some things will never change The lonely loner seem to free his mind at night, ah-ah, at nite [Kid Cudi - verse Three] Slow mo, when the tempo slows up and creates that new, new. He seems alive, though he is feelin blue. The sun is shinnin man he’s super cool, cool. The lonely nites, they fade away he slips into his white Nikes. He smokes a clip and then he’s on the way To free his mind in search of… To free his mind in search of… To free his mind in search of… 'Cause day 'n' nite... The lonely stoner seem to free his mind at night He's all alone through the day 'n' nite The lonely loner seem to free his mind at night, ah-ah, at nite 'Cause day 'n' nite... The lonely stoner seem to free his mind at night He's all alone, some things will never change The lonely loner seem to free his mind at night, ah-ah, at nite The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: A Kid Named Cudi Song: Embrace the Martian Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [KiD CuDi] Ix-nay on the bullshit man When I roll back to Cleveland I can't believe them Sounds of the nonbelievers, outcasts Till I'm in dirt before it did hurt Now I can overstand how you could dismiss and front on Ask me how I feel about the ones with closed eyes My words how I feel exactly Aw, fuck, that I don't give a damn about "ne" one Hater talkin' down Don't be afraid at all y'all All I ask of y'all, is to please: [Chorus: KiD CuDi] Embrace the martian Embrace the martian I come in peace But I need y'all rockin' me, me Please, embrace the martian And this is how it sounds [KiD CuDi] See I must tell you all now Keep on acting funny Who am me? I am here to change that How you're thinking of them and it's startin' I am here to show you how it feels to be new Look at what I made you god to teach you Honest been insecure cool and you are cool Brought a heavy, heavy amount some Malarkey mixed with carbide Sorry to admit it, dawg Don't be afraid at all y'all All I ask about y'all is to please: [Chorus: KiD CuDi] Embrace the martian Embrace the martian I come in peace But I need y'all rockin' me, me Please, embrace the martian And this is how it sounds Embrace the martian Embrace the martian I come in peace But I need y'all rockin' me, me Please, embrace the martian [KiD CuDi] Licensed to ill I promise I won't turn the whole world to "Cloverfield" On the real, yeah I will I'll destroy it and then rebuild Just for thrills Sometimes you got to do it Sometimes you show the tough love No one is above what you are here and now dude No matter who else included I'm saluted, I'm saluted (Yeah) No matter who else included I'm saluted(Yeah, yeah) I'm saluted... Oh, whether you appeal, or not This is the real Real recognized real You, you are me Like it or not And I, I am you-ooh-ooh-ohh [Chorus: KiD CuDi] (Repeat 2x) Embrace the martian Embrace the martian I come in peace But I need y'all rockin' me, me Please, embrace the martian And this is how it sounds [KiD CuDi] Ooooh! Ooooh! And this is how it sounds In my mind Oooooh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: A Kid Named Cudi Song: Maui Wowie Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Chorus: KiD CuDi] Goin' back to Honolulu Just to get that, that Maui Wowie, that Maui Wowie Goin' back to Honolulu Just to get that, that Maui Wowie, that Maui Wowie (And I'm so high) And I'm so high (And I'm so high) And I'm so high (And I'm so high) And I'm so high (And I'm so high) And I'm so high [KiD CuDi] Yeah, back up in the mix Aloha nigga, Cudi lookin' for a fix Got enough dough, just to take a trip To get a little pinch of the Maui Wowie Oh man, here we go again If you ever get a chance, smoke it with a friend Me n' Pat on a mission to get Lifted like John Legend and shit Get Lifted, hey!! Let's get lifted, hey! What you gon' cop Maybe a dub, maybe a zo No matter what you cop, you should smoke it 'till it's gone Walkin' on the beach with the sand between your feet And all the Hawaiian girls sing to the beat "Hey, What it do boo?' You smoke? Good. Yeah, me too." Livin' in paradise, all through the night And even in the day smoke 'til I can't see What can I say, nuthin' like this in the world home-ay Make you feel great, you forget you in the states You might relocate, so you smoke all the Maui Wowie you could take Like (inhale sound) [Chorus: KiD CuDi] Goin' back to Honolulu Just to get that, that Maui Wowie, that Maui Wowie Goin' back to Honolulu Just to get that, that Maui Wowie, that Maui Wowie (And I'm so high) And I'm so high (And I'm so high) And I'm so high (And I'm so high) And I'm so high (And I'm so high) And I'm so high [KiD CuDi] I know, I know, I know I really need to go, go, go, go, go, go Really need to go, go Really need to go, go, go Man, I need Maui Wowie I smoke that Maui Wowie I need Maui Wowie I smoke that Maui Wowie I know, I know, I know You really need to go, go You really need to go, go, go Man, I need Maui Wowie I smoke that Maui Wowie The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: A Kid Named Cudi Song: 50 Ways to Make a Record Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [KiD CuDi] You sit and think about how you can hit the scene Take one look inside your mirror clear to see You need to find yourself as honest as can be There must be fifty ways to make a record Now don't get wrapped into, the hype and what they think This shit ain't rocket science, and the scene changes with beats And now you ask yourself, how you want to be seen There must be fifty ways to make a record He's up inside the clubs they like to lean and rock Oh, stands around and looks intrigued by what he saw Now he askes me, how he can make hit songs to reach the top... There must be fifty ways to make a record... Fifty ways to make a record... [KiD CuDi] You got talent and, your soul cannot be bought He looked and smiled at me and told me, "Thanks a lot." See I could use your help... And would you please explain about the fifty ways... It's kind of easy, if you have a open mind This game is more than spending money and fucking dimes It's all within your words some shit that outlives time There must be fifty ways to make a record... Fifty ways to make a record... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: A Kid Named Cudi Song: Whenever Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [KiD CuDi] Focus baby don't look at me See right through me Understand my heartbeat Murmurs to mock your rhythm Yeah, my nuts, the other girls want 'em But they can't have At least for the moment I'm with you there could be people around I'm just focused on you You can sip chardonnay and I'mma have myself a brew I'm a country ass nigga baby You know how I roll Your face, never seen something more perfect You dance in my mind like justice I know you listening back like damn, bro! Laid back so gentle like the violins Lay on the beat and we don't have to be discreet Can I have a taste? Absolutely! Your my sweet tangerine lets make a smoothie But baby all jokes aside My heart beats faster when you open your thighs I'm just ready slide ride and glide Whenever baby, whenever baby, whenever baby However, whenever, however, you want me girl you got me (wooh hoo hoo, wooh hoo hoo) Whenever, however, you want me boo, it's me and you babe me and you Whenever, however, you want me girl you got me (wooh hoo hoo, wooh hoo hoo) Whenever, however, you want me boo it's me and you babe, me and you Whenever, however, you want me girl you got me (wooh hoo hoo, wooh hoo hoo) Whenever, however, you want me boo it's me and you babe, me and you Whenever, however, you want me girl you got me (wooh hoo hoo) Whenever, however, you want me boo it's me and you babe, me and you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: A Kid Named Cudi Song: Pillow Talk Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [KiD CuDi] Damn girl... Where did you learn to do all that? Hey, can I tell you somethin'? Listen... Girl, the sex was crazy (Crazy) Better yet amazing (Amazing) Don't be sad (Don't be sad) I ain't going nowhere (Going nowhere) Let's just lay and talk (Lay and talk) Girl I know you feel it (Feel it) This chemistry that we got (We got) So don't be shy (Don't be shy) I ain't going nowhere (Going nowhere) I'm here for the night (For the night) So move closer, bring your body to mine Let me hold you right (Hold you right) Don't be mad, I ain't going nowhere (Going nowhere) I'ma sleep here by your side (By your side) [Chorus: KiD CuDi] (Repeat 2x) You probably think I'm shady girl I know, but I Ain't gon' fuckin' bounce (Fuckin' bounce) I'm feeling you, I wanna get to know you so Let's have pillow talk (Pillow talk) [KiD CuDi] When I saw you after my show (After my show) Your friends were acting like hoes (Acting like hoes) But you were different (You were different) You weren't impressed (Weren't impressed) By all my money (All my money) Or fancy shit (fancy shit) Girl, your skin is so smooth (Skin is so smooth) And you smell good just like some new shoes (Just like my Bathing Apes) I see you smiling (See you smiling) Is that a sign (That a sign) That you feeling me too? (Me too) Girl, I hope so... [Chorus: KiD CuDi] You probably think I'm shady girl I know, but I Ain't gon' fuckin' bounce (Fuckin' bounce) I'm feeling you, I wanna get to know you so Let's have pillow talk (Pillow talk) [KiD CuDi] So move closer bring your body to mine Just like my Bathing Apes... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: A Kid Named Cudi Song: Save My Soul (The Cudi Confession) Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com I got some bad news this mornin'... Which in turn made my day... - - > Cee-Lo [KiD CuDi] Lord help me out Save my soul, need to find a new route I don't even hear what other niggas talking about Call me a hipster as long as you're a listener Label me what you like I'm close to my victory Dozed in the fight When I open my eyes somehow seeing night Beyond trying to see what being rich feel like Six-figure checks, for my mom for peace Everybody wants to stick on me like leech Take my blood Give fake love 'Till I turn them down I'm the one that who changed, bro? That's why I don't call 'cause when I was starving You wasn't at all..around Now I gotta shut shit down Be a man, pick friends, all selective now You're cool, you're cool, fuck you And to the bitch that's--oh yeah, fuck you too Try to shine now everyone knows, Kid Cudi slipped up and loved them hoes We all make mistakes, yes No worries I just kill a bitch with success While she at home stressed out eating ice cream I'm at the Grammys living out a nice dream No bitch on arm, just my words and my stoner charm With my dimples deep, I smile at peace Cause I went out and got what most y'all seek Now I'm the one you meet Who throws you the peace sign, not one eye met And this is just the first step God walks with me, but I'm still vexed [Cee-Lo] Oh, how could this be? All this time, I've lived vicariously Who's gonna save my soul now? Who's gonna save my soul now? How will my story ever be told now? How will my story be told now? Artist: Kid Cudi f/ Chip Tha Ripper Album: A Kid Named Cudi Song: T.G.I.F. Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Chip Tha Ripper] Knock knock, CuDi open up, this Chip Gotta kush pack shells and some Henney we could sip Keep a couple dolla's on, give a penny to bitch But I'm wit a couple ho's who said they really wanna get Acquainted with some niggas who ain't the average niggas They just wanna see why all they girlfriends be wanting pictures I be flyer then a hundred naves, worth a hundred hundred stacks I ain't gonna stop shoppin' till I hit a hundred sacks Although that's a given I ain't even gotta mint chain Candy old school put you niggas in detention Slabbed niggas deeped up tool in the cloths I'm just a young fresh fly fool with some gold [Chorus: KiD CuDi] Ayyy, what it do my dude I'm living life, dawg, what about you? (Fresh!) And I ain't even gotta tell a lie My swag, my steez gotta nigga sky high (Fresh!) So I'm, watchin' my moves From the shoes on the cool Be damned if a nigga ain't hotable (Fresh!) Pimp tight get it right, homey, more or less I gotta thank god I'm fresh [KiD CuDi] Oh, I rearrange faces when I drop I'm super duper Cudi candy paint the rag top Can't nobody even tell me I'm sippin' when I lean They gimme to my fans, I'm country till I decease Please, I stay up on my creep so to come up Gotta look the part superstar, no stunnas I'mma say some shit that make you think I lost my mind I'm the only nigga that could watch the sun and don't go blind She fine as she wannabe, but she wanna check, though Dodging and popping pictures like the hoes was working with the law Back and shaker pictures, trynna play me to the left Now I pick the hoes that I want and give my niggas what is left I don't know if it's the name or the bake on bottoms Keep them on sleep them 501's you can't knock 'em Use ta have the Honda with the thirty day tags That was in the past now I'm bout to throw 'em on the JAG [Chorus: KiD CuDi] Ayyy, what it do my dude I'm living life, dawg, what about you And I ain't even gotta tell a lie My swag, my steez gatta nigga sky high So I'm, watchin' my moves From the shoes on the cool Be damned if a nigga ain't hotable Pimp tight get it right, homey, more or less I Gotta thank god I'm fresh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: A Kid Named Cudi Song: CuDi Spazzin' Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [KiD CuDi] Cleveland style Yeah, yeah, yeah (Plain Pat, what up!) Whoa, nellie, I don't even think they ready They flow is too shitty, not me I can't get wit it Gon wit it, Kid Cudi the illi, rep my city In the navy blue Cutlass, no roof above him Hoes, they love em, model girls I cut and fuck em Hey, I rep that double-O, you ain't on the ho I got my man Chip the Rip, wit' a Spanish bitch takin' flicks And she gon take a lick, yea mami Later on we gettin' sushi, mami eatin' edamame West coast so I'm ghost, holla at my nigga Travie We wheelin', pick up the Heroes or the Gym Class topping The charts with the art that exhibits couldn't exhibit The grizzle, I live it, run passed the timid livin' In the bubble, keep the number when I mumble ? Wit skill, red-rum them trynna figure out him Baptize myself in the river of Henn-essy [Chorus: KiD CuDi] (Repeat 2x) Open up your heart and You will understand me Fall into the music and let yourself go [KiD CuDi] Go, go my ? flow Do you ? you shall receive wit a sea Deep in the realm if you felt like you were alone, no fair Salute the underdog, I am here in the clear Over there, niggas ain't diff, what if I was them, I would be a symbol of dopeness Will ever, ever be my aura Steve Urkel nigga, lookin' for a Laura Proceed, I am The One, too cliche, you call me Neo If anything dope has arrived rap wise as far as overall killin' Body, embody him ? to accommodate the carcuses My heart is titanium alloy So if you come up with ploys to destroy my passion I'mma tell you now, you are better off passin' Stop writin' checks that your ass can't cash in, bro! [Chorus: KiD CuDi] (Repeat 2x) Open up your heart and You will understand me Fall into the music and let yourself go [KiD CuDi] Yeah, yeah, yo, yo Plain Pat, what up? Emile, what up? Dot Da Genius, what up? Rob Walker, what up? Wale, what up? Travis, what up? 88, what up? Kanye, what up? SK, what up? My nigga, Hawk, what up? 10.Deep, what up? Choo Choo, what up? My nigga Ritz, what up? My nigga Zully, what up? Pitbull, what up? Big Poe, what up? Mickey Factz, what up? Kidz in the Hall, what up? Brooklyn, what up? Cleveland, what up? Cincinnati, what up? Columbus, what up? Toledo, what up? Ohio, what up? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: A Kid Named Cudi Song: Cleveland Is the Reason Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [KiD CuDi] I come from Cleveland Ya'll can really hear it now Hit 'em like comic books, kaboom, powpow Into a girl's mind spit fine a wine dine I keep two phone, sidekick for bad dimes And a topical question is why I'm so chill Girls don't understand, he ain't even made a mill They say I'm complexed just like the magazine I wear my closet complex like a magazine. [Hook: KiD CuDi] I get in their head, They don't even see my bread Oh so, oh so fly cool as I wanna be, one hell of a guy [KiD CuDi] I keep 'em short, sweet, thick and petite Ridin' alongside in my Cutlass Supreme I'm from a place where old school's are common (Yup) gotta explain every time I'm rhymin' I be [Chorus: KiD CuDi] I be all day rollin' in my whip got my sippin' cup out on the low. I keep two pretty woman by my side I'm cooler than a pull up wit hoes And I say... Cleveland is that, Cleveland is the, Cleveland is the reason I'm cool Cleveland is that, Cleveland is the, Cleveland is the reason I'm leanin' Cleveland is that, Cleveland is the, Cleveland is the reason I'm cool Cleveland is that, Cleveland is the, Cleveland is my my city [KiD CuDi] Yup yuppers smile all the time while I chop it up like Michael Watt's slow talk style So the girlies can really catch all my accent and the double O got her own accent Some niggas sell drugs to provide for they fam some niggas sell CD's up out they trunk man Some niggas they go to school for that high learnin' I play the O'Jays while I'm turnin' lanes We be on our shift, freakin' black and milds still controllin' the whip Aint no city like Cleveland, cruisin' wit my bad bitch in the evenin' You wanna know exactly why I'm this way Take a trip to the land, swing this way After the song done ain't much I can say Cleveland is my city, city I'll be... [Chorus: KiD CuDi] I be all day rollin' in my whip got my sippin' cup out on the low. I keep two pretty woman by my side I'm cooler than a pull up wit hoes And I say... Cleveland is that, Cleveland is the, Cleveland is the reason I'm cool Cleveland is that, Cleveland is the, Cleveland is the reason I'm leanin' Cleveland is that, Cleveland is the, Cleveland is the reason I'm cool Cleveland is that, Cleveland is the, Cleveland is my my city The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: A Kid Named Cudi Song: Heaven at Nite Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [KiD CuDi] Have you ever been to heaven at night? (Night)  Have you ever been to heaven at night? (Heaven at night) Have you ever been to heaven at night?  Closing your eyes, the feeling so right  At first you might see this one bright beam of light  Crutching your soul ?  Happy unites and feelings take flight  Blinds of the evils you give them no sight  Focus on floatin, your focus is tight  Like you be road ass you safe for a class to pass in the night  Have you ever seen the ending so nice You feel so free like your high as a kite  Like how you feel if you drink some Bud Lite  Followed by Jag models we smile then tilt our heads back  These are a few of the visions I like, mixed in with light  these are my favorites to dream in the night  This is my heaven at night Have you, ever been to heaven at night (Heaven at night)  Heaven at night (Heaven at night)  Oh, have you ever been to heaven at night (Heaven at night)  Heaven at night (heaven at night) Man, ohh, I need what the world can't give me (Can't give me)  Can't give me  Man, ohh, I see what the world can't show me (Can't show me)  Can't show me, dog, oh, I like what the world can't give me (Can't give me)  Can't give me, dog, oh, I sing but the world can't hear me (cant hear me)  Can't hear me... Heaven at night... Have you ever been to heaven at night? (Heaven at night)  Heaven at night (Heaven at night) Have you ever been to heaven at night? Heaven at night... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: KiD CuDi Album: Man on the Moon: The End of Day Song: In My Dreams (Cudder Anthem) Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Kid CuDi] Yeah.. Yeah.. What up.. What up, you're in my dreams I can have anything and everything I ever wanted Yeah.. I can think of anything and everything I ever needed Right here in my dreams Everything is a-okay I don't worry about anything Cause every day, every day, every day is sunny Here in my dreams, nahh Welcome.. yeah Welcome.. you're in my dreams This is a dream come true Finding the perfect words to sing to you Here in my dreams Everything plays out, exactly how I want them to Everything turns out dope Right here in my dreams Welcome.. yeah Welcome.. you're in my dreams, nahh [Common - Narrating] Long before we know ourselves, our paths are already set in stone Some may never figure out their purpose in life and some will There are a lot of us who are caught up in this hell we all live in content with being blinded by rules and judgment We live in a world where it's more okay to follow than to lead In this world being a leader is trouble for the system we are all accustomed to Being a leader in this day and age is being a threat Not many people stood up against the system we all call life, but toward the end of our first ten years into the millennium we heard a voice A voice who was speaking to us from the underground for some time A voice who spoke of vulnerabilities and other human emotions and issues never before heard so vividly and honest This is the story of a young man who not only believed in himself, but his dreams too This is the story of the Man On The Moon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi     Album:  Man on the Moon: The End of Day Song:   Soundtrack 2 My Life Typed by: ny4life33@yahoo.com [Verse 1] I got 99 problems and they all bitches I wish I was Jigga Man, carefree living But I'm not Shawn or Martin Louis I'm a Cleveland nigga rolling with them Brooklyn boys You know how it be when you start living large I control my own life, Charles was never in charge No sitcom could teach Scott about the drama Or even explain the troubles that haunted my mom On Christmas time, my mom Christmas grind Got me most of what I wanted, how'd you do it mom, huh? She copped the toys I would play with in my room by myself, why he by himself? He got two older brothers, one hood, one good An independent older sister got me fly when she could But they all didn't see, the little bit of sadness in me, Scotty Ive got some issues that nobody can see And all of these emotions are pouring out of me I bring them to the light for you It's only right This is the soundtrack to my life, the soundtrack to my life [Verse 2] I'm super paranoid, like a 6th sense Since my father died, I ain't been writing since And I tried to piece the puzzle of the universe Split an eighth of shrooms just so I could see the universe I tried to think about myself as a sacrifice Just to show the kids they ain't the only ones who up at night The moon will illuminate my room and soon I'm consumed by my doom Once upon a time nobody gave a fuck Its all said and done and my cock's been sucked So now I'm in the cut, alcohol in the womb My hearts an open sore that I hope heals soon I live in a cocoon opposite of Cancun Where it is never sunny, the dark side of the moon So it's more than life, I try to shed some light on a man Not many people of this planet understand I've got some issues that nobody can see And all of these emotions are pouring out of me I bring them to the light for you It's only right This is the soundtrack to my life, the soundtrack to my life [Verse 3] It's close to go and trying some coke And a happy ending is slitting my throat Ignorance the coke man Ignorance is bliss Ignorance is love, and I need that shit If I never did shows, then I'd probably be a myth If I cared about the blogs, then I'd probably be a jackass Don't give a shit what people talkin' bout fam Haters shake my hand but I keep the sanitizer on deck Hope I really get to see 30 Wanna settle down, stop being so flirty Most of the clean faces be the most dirty I just need a thoroughbred, cook when I'm hungry Ass all chunky, brain is insanity Only things that calm me down, pussy and some Cali trees And I get both, never truly satisfied I am happy, that's just the saddest lie I've got some issues that nobody can see And all of these emotions are pouring out of me I bring them to the light for you It's only right This is the soundtrack to my life, the soundtrack to my life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi f/ Common Album: Man on the Moon: The End of Day Song: Simple As... Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] A-B-C {*4X*} 1-2-3 (A-B-C, A-B-C) {*2X*} 1-2-3 ("robotics") 1-2-3 ("::") {*2X*} 1-2-3 ("robotics") 1-2-3... [Verse One] Simple as that for your simple ass Ask about that pretty simple math I'm dreamin on G.O.O.D. for a sicker plan Sicker than any other nigga could be thinkin man I can't be a loser coulda figured that I can't be a lame I'm cooler than that I feel I love the fame, then I hate it back Thinking, now what I should be twitterin? Why'd big bro take all the hot bitches? Dear God me too, I like the hot bitches I'll be the underdog all along 'til I'm gone I will live through this song, I'll be strong through the haters As simple as that {*2X*} As simple as that for your simple ass As simple as that {*2X*} As simple as that for your simple ass As simple as that {*2X*} As simple as that for your simple ass As simple as that {*2X*} As simple as (1-2-3) [Verse Two] Uhh! Simple as that for your simple ass Timple way I wish you woulda called it how it shoulda been They try to tell me they don't get it, they don't know the deal Now I'll be damned I came this far to let a fool live I gotta terminate the hate, spread the positive But how to be not whack and cheesy to the little kids So I curse like a sailor and I smoke weed I am exactly who what all the rappers' kids be And who they love, hands to the universe Probably into the drug addicts if they spit a Cudi verse Mad little mama sits her down, verse all out her purse Long as the booty lookin juicy and he's stylin on 'em [Common] As our hero seems to be dreamin in peace A dark chapter unfolds throwing Scott into the most eerie and unstable part of his imagination So intense he cannot tell his dreams from reality This, is the rise of the night terrors... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Man on the Moon: The End of Day Song: Solo Dolo Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [KiD CuDi] Listen good: I don't have nobody But what I might feel are the sounds of sanity Hoping what I hear, loops itself continuously Then I won't be afraid, noooo noooo [Chorus: KiD Cudi] Oh-whoa-whoa-whoa Why must it feel so wrong when I try and do right.. do right Oh-whoa-whoa-whoa Soaring through paradise when I'm closing my eyes I'm, Mr. Solo Dolo Oh, oh, oh.. Oh, oh [KiD CuDi] Look at me uou tell me Just what you see Am I, someone whom, you may love, or enemy? Am I, speaking for, you and yours, or someone else/ I need some answers Yeaaaaaaaah, yeaaaaaaah [Chorus:] Oh-whoa-whoa-whoa Why must it feel so wrong when I try and do right.. do right Oh-whoa-whoa-whoa Soaring through paradise when I'm closing my eyes I'm, Mr. Solo Dolo Oh, oh, oh.. Oh, oh [KiD CuDi] My world turns Flippin the bird To the ones who figure, me Outkast, no, not the duo Back at shaker heights When they knew who Though little brother was a strange one Boo hoo, cry me a river Hey, look who, try without an igloo Cold cold world wasn't fit for me at, all Look at where I stand at, tall,  Clutchin' my Kid CuDi bi-zz-alls Mute mutherfucker back home, quick pause Gargle on my mayo Look at me, I bet I'm the one you picked to fail Floatin in my mind no sail Ahoy... ahoy... Listen good: I don't need nobody This is what you feel are the sounds of insanity Hoping what I hear loops itself to finish me No, I won't be afraid Heeeey, heeeeey [Chorus: KiD CuDi] Oh-whoa-whoa-whoa Why must it feel so wrong when I try and do right.. do right Oh-whoa-whoa-whoa Soaring through paradise when I'm closing my eyes I'm, Mr. Solo Dolo [KiD CuDi] Why must it feel so right when I know that it's wrong.. it's wrong When will I ever learn from the words from my songs I'm, Mr. Solo Dolo... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Man on the Moon Song: Heart of a Lion (Kid Cudi Theme Music)  Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Pleae save a kid that needs some help  And  I can't begin to think of anything that could help  But the weed is guaranteed, indeed, just what I need  How I feel upon a time so recent in time make me sad  When I recollect how it use to be like David and Goliath  Kinda like me and the devil tryna rip out my soul  Tryna catch a nigga on sleep, no no  You can try again and I'll be ready  Won't let you kill me in my dream like Freddy  Krueger  Nooo I'm not no loser  Won't see you in hell At the end of the day, day My momma told me dont let no one break me  Let no one break me  At the end of the day, day, nobody, nobody Ever could stop me, ever could stop me At the end of the day, day You can't regret it if you were trying  If you were trying  At the end of the day, day  I'm walkin with a heart of a lion, yeah [Verse 2] Please save a kid that needs some help  And I can't see ahead of me so I move in stealth  Hide and seek  Within a dream I seem to glide above my horror though  I feel I'll never be complete inside the dark I borrow  To proceed and remain intact my mental is so unstable  And they talk and judge a man  They have no clue of what im capable  Til i show a side of me no one had thought could be within  I told you no I'm not a loser  I'll see you in hell Bridge: [x3] No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Yeah, no, Yeah [Verse 3] I'm just a kid who needs no help  I've achieved a bigger thing  No cash or check could be more blessed  And if you would've seen the things ive seen up in my slumber  You'd be shook stay awake no need to run your fate will follow  You should know  Not for the faint at heart this world understands no coward  It's a goal a simple code I stay on the grind to the 25th hour  And I know the fight in me is somewhere hiding deep within  I told you no I'll never let you drag me down to hell [Bridge] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid CuDi f/ Billy Cravens Album: Man on the Moon: The End of the Day Song: My World Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [KiD CuDi] + (Billy Cravens) Hello... Yeah.. Little homie, in the room In, in the room Boy on the moon (Had-had no one) No one to hang out with Talk that shit to just my little homies One year younger din' get where I was going Took a turn to the worse when my father left me lonely Lonely in my room, I, I mean me up on the moon Entertained myself, laughed at myself As I grew to be a teen I disguised myself At the lowest self-esteem, especially with the girls Tried out every sport just to impress all the girls Instead of all the ladies, cause they talk down I was too artsy, known to be a clown And know my Facebook pop it Cause I told the same girls I would be the hot shit One day... [Chorus: KiD CuDi] (Repeat 4x) This will be my world  I told you so.. [KiD Cudi] + (Billy Cravens) Yeah, yeah Big homie, made the move Made, made the move Flew off the moon Still.. (Had-had no one) No one to hang out with Talk that shit to just my Brooklyn niggas All I would wonder is when will my time come Had mad jobs and I lost damn near all of them Think about my bosses, yep I hated all of them Studio at night had me hustlin' to most of them Nigga I was late, damn near every day But I'ma be on time when my stars align When my soul is happy and my rhymin' die  Followed by a loosey was the middle of grindin' So if you knowin' the truth all you think about is that thing  Always be a hater tryin' to shoot down any dreams Until you meet a kid like K-I Niggas thought I was crazy, my mama know I stay high but get money, mom [Chorus: Kid CuDi] (Repeat 4x) This will be my world I told you so.. [KiD CuDI] I was heavy-heavy-heavy on my grizzle and none of ya'll had a clue about me And none of ya'll had a clue about me And none of ya'll really knew about me I was heavy-heavy-heavy on my grizzle and none of ya'll really cared about me And none of ya'll really cared about me Now, guess what? I'm all you see I'm all you see [Chorus: KiD Cudi] (Repeat 4x) This will be my my world I told you so.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: The Man on the Moon: The End of the Day Song: Day 'n' Nite Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini20502K@Yahoo.com [Kid Cudi - Verse One] Uh, uh, uh, uh... Day 'n' nite... I toss and turn, I keep stress in my mind, mind I look for peace and see I don't attain What I need for keeps, this silly game we play...play.. Now look at this... Madness to magnets keeps attractin me, me I try to run, but see I'm not that fast I think I'm first, but surely finish last...last... 'Cause day 'n' nite... The lonely stoner seem to free his mind at night He's all alone through the day 'n' nite The lonely loner seem to free his mind at night, ah-ah, at nite 'Cause day 'n' nite... The lonely stoner seem to free his mind at night He's all alone, some things will never change The lonely loner seem to free his mind at night, ah-ah, at nite [Kid Cudi - Verse Two] Hold the phone, the lonely stoner Mr. solo dolo He's on the move can't seem to shake the shade Within his dreams he sees the life he made, made The pain is deep, a silent sleeper you wont hear a peep, peep The girl he wants don't seem to want him too It seems the feelings that she had are through, through 'Cause day 'n' nite... The lonely stoner seem to free his mind at night He's all alone through the day 'n' nite The lonely loner seem to free his mind at night, ah-ah, at nite 'Cause day 'n' nite... The lonely stoner seem to free his mind at night He's all alone, some things will never change The lonely loner seem to free his mind at night, ah-ah, at nite [Kid Cudi - verse Three] Slow mo, when the tempo slows up and creates that new, new. He seems alive, though he is feelin blue. The sun is shinnin man he’s super cool, cool. The lonely nites, they fade away he slips into his white Nikes. He smokes a clip and then he’s on the way To free his mind in search of… To free his mind in search of… To free his mind in search of… 'Cause day 'n' nite... The lonely stoner seem to free his mind at night He's all alone through the day 'n' nite The lonely loner seem to free his mind at night, ah-ah, at nite 'Cause day 'n' nite... The lonely stoner seem to free his mind at night He's all alone, some things will never change The lonely loner seem to free his mind at night, ah-ah, at nite The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Man on the Moon Song: Sky Might Fall Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com Oohh...  Ohh Oooohh...  [Verse One] What a world that I'm livin' in Will the rainstorms ever end Still I fell my path narrow I run again Seems happiness is gone again And then you see 'em Grey clouds up above mane Metaphoric to my life mane Still I fell my  Heart stronger then it's ever been Strong will 'til my journey ends Until then I roll More then I've ever rolled  Not pills but the mary though Still I fell my  Eyes heavy when the day goes Nothing helping with my head dose But I ain't sleep Awake in another state Livin' in a new space Still I feel my  Mind runnin' at a steady pace God help me so I'll win the race Until then I go...  The sky might fall The sky might fall But I'm not worried at all C'mon C'mon The sky might fall The sky might fall But I'm not worried at all Hey Hey [Bridge] I let them know some Let them know some,  Let them know some Nigga listen up, Listen up, listen up, listen up Hey I let them know some Let them know some Let them know some Nigga listen up, listen up, listen up, listen up [Verse Two] Grey clouds took together fam Lightning piercing through another land Over the desert where the lost play Soul searching each and every way An then you see the Awesome sounds so profound When it - It'll grip you You can see it If you hear you can feel it too Somethin' special I am learnin' to Until then I go Away very far away To another universe where all the people say It's that new new place for the special to embrace Like a martian who seemingly wandered out of place Take what you need from the valley of the hopeful Where even if you drown you'll be floatin' high 'em You can say Bye Bye Bye Sky might be fallin' but remember you can fly high The sky might fall The sky might fall But I'm not worried at all C'mon C'mon The sky might fall The sky might fall But I'm not worried at all [Bridge] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid CuDi Album: Man on the Moon: The End of the Day Song: Enter Galactic (Love Connection Part I) Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [KiD CuDi Okay, so you've never done this before and that's cool and all,  but I want you to try this one, let's go, don't worry... [Chorus: KiD CuDi] (Repeat 2x) Get ready, pop it, let's go..  Enter galactic you and me, enter galactic you and me [KiD CuDI] I once dreamt of peace until I found you, once upon a time baby I once had a dream so sweet until I had a taste of you, once upon a time baby Reaching out to outer space dancing to awesome sounds, this all new to you? Reaching out to hold your clothes so I don't slip away  explore a new approach, a whole new free I say [Chorus: KiD CuDi] Get ready, pop it, let's go..  Enter galactic you and me, enter galactic you and me  [KiD CuDi] I know it's easy to imagine, but it's easier to just do, see if you can't do what you imagine, then, what is imagination to you? Just a waste of space in your brain to take the place of hate, or things all the same Tell me your secrets the things that make you tick I like when you talk because your voice is angel-us Hey, I want to kiss you on your space below your navalet The taste that you keep neat, so moist like, tow-let This will mark the day our minds and souls will connect, let's not forget the sex my heart you can't collect, now, now Yeah, my heart you can't collect, now, now my heart you can't collect now, now Have just one more gap, babe, babe, babe, have just one more stem, babe [Chorus: KiD Cudi] (Repeat 2x) Get ready, pop it, let's go..  Enter galactic you and me, enter galactic you and me [Kid CuDi] Pop it, ready, go, let it, take-take-take-take over get ready, pop it, let's go, get ready Le-le-let take it over, get ready, pop it, let's go take it, just let it, take-take you over, get ready Let's go..let's go.. hey [Chorus: KiD CuDi] (Repeat 4x) Get ready, pop it, let's go.. Enter galactic you and me, enter galactic you and me [Common - Narrating] Soon after falling into a deep but psychedelic state to escape the prison of our reality our hero becomes trapped in his own peaceful place which immediately becomes his sanctuary a place filled with his wildest dreams This is his new home The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Man on the Moon: The End of the Day Song: Alive Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Chorus: KiD CuDi] Everytime, the moon shines I become alive, yeah And everytime, the moon shines I become alive, yeah [KiD CuDi] I'm feeling strange in the night I'm in myself I feel I'm thrown into a fight Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide nothing's right My skin is burning when my rock begins to speak There's something going wrong with me I am changing rapidly I'm feeling stronger, more alert, I'm on the move I smell her scent and I know I will find her soon, soon, soon The one to come and free me from this fate I'll find her, it's not too late, hey, hey [Chorus: KiD CuDi] Everytime, the moon shines I become alive, yeah And everytime, the moon shines I become alive, yeah [KiD CuDi] I'm a beast in the night I'm on the prowl and I'm hoping to find some light You call it Heaven, I can do it for the same Ain't nothing wrong I bin feasting on something brave A sexy lady who's pure, she has the cure, uh I hope she can find a man within the beast, and I hope she saves me from the curse I have to beat, hey I hope she figures out a way to save my soul Yeah, to save my heart, hey [Chorus: KiD CuDi] Everytime, the moon shines I become alive, yeah And everytime, the moon shines I become alive, yeah [KiD CuDi] Nananananananana, whoooa Nanananananana Nananananananana, whoooa Nanananananana [KiD CuDi] I watch the sun collapse And took up in the clizzoud I am the lone wolf Go where I wanna Let the moon shine be the guide to the lizzight Even when I stray away the light never left me, uh I learn to follow my instinct Blinded by the light Rather that than the evil Feelin in a of place in a room full of people Try and be the same, but you know you're not a sequel You're fate will be whatever it shall be, be, be, be, be We'll fight no more, I let these things just be, be, be, be [Chorus: KiD CuDi] Everytime, the moon shines I become alive, yeah And everytime, the moon shines I become alive, yeah [KiD CuDi] Nananananananana, whoooa Nanananananana Nananananananana, whoooa Nanananananana The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Man on the Moon: The End of Day Song: CuDi Zone Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Kid CuDi] Soarin': is this allowed? I sure bet my daddy proud A little nigga wit a Shaker smile On top of the dreams is where I'm found Some figured I was Satan bound Until I came back with a style I found Then all of the sudden they fixed they faces Cause of who I know and trail of places, that I've stepped How many niggas wanna hate cause I left? How could you blame me and my plan of attack? Cause I'm risking my soul attack Now I'm heard all over the map Only rule of thumb: it don't really matter just where you from All that really matter is where you're goin' go Maybe upstate for some But you can't rule out these claps for gun Second chances given out for some All you gotta do is take advantage So maybe you can get yourself a horse and carriage Been pimpin’ you can think about marriage Until then get it then Find yourself and let's begin I'mma tell you how in a minute I'mma show you how I be livin' From a long time ago, a young nigga, he was timid Now I'm zone and see things so vivid Hide my soul? Nah, homie, not even I'mma zone out till I lose feeling Remember, I'mma be gone way past November Even stay up there, up there  Floatin’ floatin' hopin' I could find peace somewhere [Chorus: KiD CuDi] In my, mind sounds like oooooooh When I'm, gone it feels like ooooooh When I zone, I'm feeling alright I'm feeling alright I'm feeling alright When I zone, I'm feeling alright I'm feeling alright I forget about it all [KiD CuDi] Ballin': is this allowed? Without feelin' like Shallow Hal Comma's on the Jesus piece for style Back in Cleveland city we ride around Greetin' my niggas wit dap and pounds So if I fall I won't hit the ground These are the things that'll make me smile Knowin' this blunt might burn a while  I keep myself so lifted  I am accustomed to new heights I feel perfect though they think it's worthless see without my flight Man, everybody wanna be a critic I have my life and I will live it Shut your mouth before I fuck it Ha, my jokes they will love it If I'm seen on the scene with my slim cut jeans More than likely I am fadin' man Doin' other shit if everywhere you go niggas ain't just standin' round hatin' So, my advice is when the lights start flashin'  I'll be zonin' all alone  And then the place where my mind is goin'  Filled with songs that no one's knowin' And the Devil in a hot pink dress tryin' to ask me for one dance He think he slick, but my guardians protect me from his wrath So, in my place no hate shall enter Livin' high up there, up there Copin' copin' floatin' I will find peace somewhere [Chorus: KiD CuDi] (Repeat 2x) In my, mind sounds like oooooooh When I'm, gone it feels like oooooooh When I zone, I'm feeling alright I'm feeling alright, I'm feeling alright When I zone, I'm feeling alright I'm feeling alright I forget about it all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi f/ Kanye West, Common Album: The Man on the Moon: The End of the Day Song: Make Her Say Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Lady Gaga's acoustic version of "Poker Face" sample] (Kid Cudi) (I make her say...) Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh, oh-oh-oh oh (When I..) Pa-pa-pa-poker face, pa-pa-poker face/poke 'er face (I make her say...) Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh, oh-oh-oh oh AH-AH-AH-OH-OH.. (Whaddup..) Pa-pa-pa-poker face, pa-pa-poker face/poke 'er face [Kid Cudi - Verse 1ne] Me first...heh! Uh, uh-uh, she wanna have whatever she liiiike (liiiiiike) She can if she bring her friiiiiend (friiiiiend) and we can have one hell of a niiiiight, through the day Ay, I mean starin like a creeper 'cause you got a peep 'er I mean you pro'lly might be sayin you ain't jockin either But man, ol' girl got a fat ol' ass Yeah, the type to make you tell a bitch +Just Dance+ And FUCK them other niggaz 'cause you down for her bitches FUCK them other niggaz 'cause she down for the stickin And FUCK them other niggaz, hope she down for some lickin And FUCK them other bitches 'cause she down for the trickin Loooove, I'm hopin she a rider When it's said and done, hope she spit it up and swallow noooooow I ain't gotta trip about the niggaz who like her 'cause me and mami know who could really make her goooooo... [Chorus w/ different ad-libs] [Kanye West - Verse 2wo] (What she talkin 'bout, 'Ye?) She said she want whatever she liiiiike She said she gon' bring her friiiiend and we gon' have a hell of a niiiiight, through the day, I made her say Hold up (yea?), born in '88 (Word?!) How old is that? (Man!) ...Old enough I got seniority wit the sororities So, that explain why I love college Gettin brain in the library 'cause I love knowledge When you use your medulla, oblon-gata And give me scoliosis/skull-iosis until I comatoses And do it while I sleep, yeah a little osmosis And that's my +commandment+ you ain't gotta ask Moses More champagne, more toasts-es More damn planes, more coasts-es And fuck a bus, the Benz is +Parked+ like Rosa Osa... [Chorus w/ different ad-libs] [Common - Verse 3hree] She said she want whatever she liiiike (liiiike) But you gotta bring your friiiiend (friiiiend) and we can have one hell of a niiiiight, through the day She +Blamed It+ on the al-ah-ah-al-ah-alcohol She had her hair did, it was bound to fall Down, down for a damn, Cudi already said it A poker face book, I'd already read it But man, her head was +G.O.O.D.-er+ than the +Music_ Electro body known to blow fuses A stripper from the South, lookin for a pay day Said, "Bitch, you should do it +For the Love+ like Ray J." "But they say, you be on that conscious tip" Get your hair right and get up on this conscious dick I embody everything from the Gali to the party It's the way I was raised on the Southside Safari, so [Chorus w/ different ad-libs] {Lady Gaga's "Poker Face" sample} (Repeat 4X) Can't read my, can't read my No, he can't read-a my Poker faaaaaaace She's got me like nobody The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Man on the Moon: The End of Day Song: Pursuit of Happiness (Nightmare) Typed by: JJW20084@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Crush a bit, lil bit, roll it up, take a hit Feeling lit, feeling right, 2AM, summer night I don't care, hand on the wheel, driving drunk I'm doing my thing Rolling the Midwest side and out, living my life, getting out dreams People told me slow my roll, I'm screaming out, "Fuck that" I'm a do just what I want, looking ahead no turning back If I fall, if I die, know I lived it to the fullest If I fall, if I die, know I lived and missed some bullets [Chorus] 2x I'm on the pursuit of happiness and I know everything that shines ain't always gonna be gold I'll be fine once I get it, I'll be good [Verse 2] Tell me what you know about dreaming, dreaming You don't really know about nothing, nothing Tell me what you know about them night terrors, every night 5AM cold sweats waking up to the sky Tell me what you know about dreams, dreams Tell me what you know about night terrors, nothing You don't really care about the trials of tomorrow Rather lay awake in a bed full of sorrow [Chorus] 2x I'm on the pursuit of happiness and I know everything that shines ain't always gonna be gold I'll be fine once I get it, I'll be good [Bridge] I'm on the pursuit of happiness I know everything that shining ain't always gold I'll be fine once I get it, I'll be good [Chorus] 2x I'm on the pursuit of happiness and I know everything that shines ain't always gonna be gold I'll be fine once I get it, I'll be good The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi f/ Chip the Ripper Album: Man on the Moon : The End of Day Song: Hyyerr Typed by: dolladascholar@gmail.com This is easy Sunday morning We're right here on a beautiful morning in Cleveland, Ohio And it's chilly today Kids are going to school The grass is frosty Verse 1: Chip The Ripper This should be my Theme song To Life, Haha A nigga like me be so gone Eyes so low that a nigga gotta throw his locs on Wonder what them folks on? Thats what they be askin That kush we smokes on Smell it when a nigga pass and We gettin' to cash and You can see a nigga shinin Just a little gold, a couple hoes, couple 2-3 diamonds Up in the hood where you find em Unless he out on the road Every show got a bag for the blow and Patron all my niggas getting throwed Like they posed to Cause life is short And filled with lots of grief and doubt So I just pull that bag of colorful frosty leaves on out and free my scalp I mean free my mind, a puff a time I'm up all the time I'm up on the grind So a Red bull and a blunt would be fine Just wanna feel fine, Just wanna kill time Just wanna relax and think of a rhyme Dont really like sippin' cuz I get to trippin' my nigga just roll up a heap of that pine And only bring a lil bit for the trip in case we get blurped by the 5-0 (Sir you look high) I know but I prefer my eyes low CHORUS: And we get hyyerr, and hyyerr, and hyyerr, and hyyerr (x2) You know we get hyyerr, and hyyerr, and hyyerr, and hyyerr (x2) You know we get hyyerr, so hyyerrrrrrrrrrrr oOoooooooooooOo, yeahhhwe get so highhhhhh Verse 2: Kid Cudi Yeahhh They say easy friend There he go talking about weed again Probably cause all that weed in him Yes and no, cause and effect is what most don't know Doin' bad, or like Mike said could be doin' wrong Forget about the obvious context of song but your brain where it belong Can't we just all get a bong and Tag alonggggggggg. And we float..... We kids with hope better to cope when you smoke Dawg.. please don't miss... what a nigga trying to get you thinkin' bout We outside because my mama in the house Puff, puff, pass with your bitch ass Back in high school, smoke weed when I cut class And now I'm an addict Tragic, stay rolling up while reclining Happy, lookin' down, see my jesus piece shinin' Good look, Yeezy Now I stay blinded by that light Somebody pass me that shell to the right Yes, I'm going, I'll be outtie, and you can find me I'll be chillin' back, I'll be chillin' jack Let's goooo. CHORUS: And we get hyyerr, and hyyerr, and hyyerr, and hyyerr (x2) You know we get hyyerr, and hyyerr, and hyyerr, and hyyerr You know we get hyyerr, so hyyerrrrrrrrrrrr, oOoooooooooooOo, yeahh we get so highhhhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Man on the Moon: The End of Day Song: Up Up & Away Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [KiD CuDi] Now when the sun come up I'll be there to say what up In the morning brush my teeth Find that clip I been looking For since last night I feel so caught up in a bud I flow some round in my bedroom, turn around, see myself in the mirror I guess I'm cool, and no sappy thoughts in my head  I'm feeling like I'm Peter Pan, minus the tights in the first happy to see how far I've come to the same place  it began: my dream and imaginations perfectly at peace so I move along a bit higher [Chorus: KiD CuDi] I'll be up up and away Up up and away Cause they gon' judge me anyway, so, whatever I'll be up up and away Up up and away Cause in the end they'll judge me any, so, whatever [KiD CuDi] I learn, I see the dreams are made so I'm cooler now I could take care of my mom and my little niece serious so Sing along lil' mama you ain't gotta worry bout no drama, no  I'll provide for friends and fam and fans Cleveland city grinding man stay at flow, the kids hope I never let a motherfucka break me, dawg who gives a fuck if a nigga don't like your steeds? tell em to buzz off your n-u-t's  We don't care what people say, dude you can take your clothes and ? day I ain't gotta wait for no one If I wanna fly I could fly for freedom, hey! [Chorus: KiD CuDi] I'll be up up and away Up up and away Cause they gon' judge me anyway, so, whatever I'll be up up and away Up up and away Cause in the end they'll judge me anyway, so, whatever [KiD CuDi] Wake up wake up wake wake up Wake up wake up wake wake up (Yeah!) Wake up wake up wake wake up (We'll be rollin' one up) Wake up wake up wake wake up (We'll be rollin' one up) Wake up wake up wake wake up (We'll be rollin' one up) Wake up wake up wake wake up (I be rollin' one up) Wake up wake up wake wake up [Chorus: KiD CuDi] (Repeat 2x) I'll be up up and away Up up and away Cause they goin' judge me anyway so whatever I'll be up up and away Up up and away Cause in the end they'll judge me any so whatever [KiD CuDi] Whatever.. So, whatever.. Whatever.. So, whatever... [Common - Narrating] The end is never the end. A new challenge awaits A test no man could be prepared for A new hell he must conquer and destroy A new level of growth he must confront himself The machine in the ghost within This is the journey, of the man on the moon... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: A Kid Named Cudi Song: Man on the Moon (The Anthem) Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [KiD CuDi] Alright, run it I never gave a fuck, I never a fuck about what niggas thought about me  I mean I did, but like fuck it you know what I'm sayin?  You gon' love me man  You gon' love me man They can't comprehend or even come close to understanding him  I guess if I was boring they would love me more  Guess if I was simple in the mind  Everything would be fine  Maybe if I was jerk to girls  Instead of being nice and speaking kind words  Then maybe it would be okAY to say then, I wasn't a good guy to begin with But my mind is all crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy...  They got me thinking I ain't human Like I came in from above, above, above, above...  Feelin' like a airplane in the sky  But then they say I'm crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy...  They got me thinking I ain't human like I came in from above, above, above, above...  Feelin' like a bird sittin' high high [Chorus: KiD CuDi] I be that man on the moon  I'm that man on the moon  And I'mma do what I do  So do you, hey hey  I be posted with my blunt and a brew my dude  I'm that man on the moon I'm up up on the moon  [KiD CuDi] Feels like I-I'm gonna play all my stuff for everybody  You know and all my people give me feedback You know and they be like,  "Yo! Yo, why, why your shit sound so different? You know what I'm sayin'?  Why, why your why you shit like on anotha le-Why's it sound so different?" Like it's a bad thing!?! And I be like, Why not? Nigga! Close my eyes, high in the dark  It's a curtain call, come one come all  All I do is try to make it simple  The ones that make it complicated never get congratulated  I'm somethin' different, all aspects  Don't want a woman just to love her assets  I still wife her up even with her flat chest  The type to get hurt but that's the past tense My mind is all hazy, hazy, hazy, hazy...  I be thinkin' that I'm wrong, cause they used to call me lame, lame, lame, lame...  My swag was a little different  But then my mind is hazy, hazy, hazy, hazy...  I be thinkin' that I'm wrong But they the ones who lame, lame, lame, lame...  I got the last laugh, nigga... [Chorus: KiD CuDi] I be that man on the moon  I'm that man on the moon  And I'mma do what I do  So do you, hey hey  I be posted with my blunt and a brew my dude  I'm that man on the moon I'm up up on the moon Artist: Kid Cudi f/ Chip Tha Ripper Album: A Kid Named Cudi Song: T.G.I.F. Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Chip Tha Ripper] Knock knock, CuDi open up, this Chip Gotta kush pack shells and some Henney we could sip Keep a couple dolla's on, give a penny to bitch But I'm wit a couple ho's who said they really wanna get Acquainted with some niggas who ain't the average niggas They just wanna see why all they girlfriends be wanting pictures I be flyer then a hundred naves, worth a hundred hundred stacks I ain't gonna stop shoppin' till I hit a hundred sacks Although that's a given I ain't even gotta mint chain Candy old school put you niggas in detention Slabbed niggas deeped up tool in the cloths I'm just a young fresh fly fool with some gold [Chorus: KiD CuDi] Ayyy, what it do my dude I'm living life, dawg, what about you? (Fresh!) And I ain't even gotta tell a lie My swag, my steez gotta nigga sky high (Fresh!) So I'm, watchin' my moves From the shoes on the cool Be damned if a nigga ain't hotable (Fresh!) Pimp tight get it right, homey, more or less I gotta thank god I'm fresh [KiD CuDi] Oh, I rearrange faces when I drop I'm super duper Cudi candy paint the rag top Can't nobody even tell me I'm sippin' when I lean They gimme to my fans, I'm country till I decease Please, I stay up on my creep so to come up Gotta look the part superstar, no stunnas I'mma say some shit that make you think I lost my mind I'm the only nigga that could watch the sun and don't go blind She fine as she wannabe, but she wanna check, though Dodging and popping pictures like the hoes was working with the law Back and shaker pictures, trynna play me to the left Now I pick the hoes that I want and give my niggas what is left I don't know if it's the name or the bake on bottoms Keep them on sleep them 501's you can't knock 'em Use ta have the Honda with the thirty day tags That was in the past now I'm bout to throw 'em on the JAG [Chorus: KiD CuDi] Ayyy, what it do my dude I'm living life, dawg, what about you And I ain't even gotta tell a lie My swag, my steez gatta nigga sky high So I'm, watchin' my moves From the shoes on the cool Be damned if a nigga ain't hotable Pimp tight get it right, homey, more or less I Gotta thank god I'm fresh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: A Kid Named Cudi Song: Is There Any Love? Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com Heads up, nigga Wale Play it back Emile Off jump, boo, cudi get ya funk Hit ya in your head then it work it to your rump Hate a nigga scared, hey leave him off stump They gotta like a nigga Call me Obama Not a hype beast while you beast for the hype Yea I'm the underdog, story of my life Matter fact I dreamed that I lived twice Once as a slave who imagined bein' free And made it out happy for his family and his seed And now me, you can call me mister friendly One life to live, but no actin' on my nigga Friendy Can't stand evil bitches when they befriend me All they do is envy and plot up on my loins I give you options, baby flip a coin You get McDonalds, forget the sirloin Hatin' my mackin', they askin' Is there any love In this world? Is there any love In this world? Is there any love In this world of voice? Is there any love In this world? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi f/ Cee-Lo Green Album: Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager Song: Scott Mescudi Vs. The World Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kid Cudi] Whaddup? How's everyone doing? You are now in the world I'm ruining Take a minute to adjust to the wonderous clusterfuck of fun and enchantment I promise you some Generation Next shit Speak for the silent who are left with parallel levels in a dark dark place Tricked all you niggaz to a dark dark fate And guided you all with a smile upon my face As the sun kisses us on our foreheads gently Gentle with the drugs, heavy with the love And my speeches on stage rock mountains from above Money doesn't move me except in the literal G4 flights now we're off to Australia I want to see more of the world These are more than just words, these are facts from a winner [Chorus: Cee-Lo Green] This, is, a, journey, into the horizon You can see past, if it's real to youuuuu We can meet on the other side, on the other side, ayyy This, is, a, journey, into the horizon You can see past, if it's real to youuuuu And we can meet on the other side, on the other side [Kid Cudi] Whaddup? How's everyone feeling? I hope you understand what you're hearing Take a minute to roll up for the wonderous clusterfuck of darkness and evil I will paint the yin and yang for ya And my jeans are Dior for the love of skinnys Upgraded, faded aided to the T Work hard makin sure I don't become a memory Harder to press on when the memories remember me And they always find the perfect moment High speed, my momentum won't slow up none Lost in the wind, I've lost all my friends Maybe they were never meant to be acquainted Money seems to make everything tainted Everybody mad cause they stuck where I knew 'em last Took what I wanted and I did it all blunted, oh ohhh Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager Song: REVOFEV Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kid Cudi] Yeah Welcome! Welcome you Hey I am your big brother What do I have to say to the kids? Let go, life does get tough No need to stress; hold you back too much Let's go, I heard they found a solution But where will you be, for the revolution? Oh whoa, ooh-whoa-ooh-whoa-ooh-whoa {*4X*} [Kid Cudi] What will I say to the kids? Wake up - things might get rough No need to stress; keeps you down too much Wake up, I heard they found a solution But where will you be, for the revolution? [Kid Cudi] Yo I'm, so, high, up So high up, and I like it Hey, I'm so high up So high up, and I like it Hey, I am hap-py to-day This not like o-ther days Somehow I feel o-kay {*2X*} Ooh-whoa Yeah, whoa, ooh-whoa {*3X*} [over Chorus] Heh heh, I am your big brother I am your big brother [Kid Cudi] Let go, life does get tough No need to stress; hold you back too much Let's go, I heard they found a solution But where will you be for THE REVOLUTION~! THE REVOLUTION~! THE REVOLUTION~! Okay okay... we are, you are yeah But where will you be for the revolution? {*3X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi f/ Mary J. Blige Album: Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager Song: Don't Play This Song Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kid Cudi] Heyyyyyummmmmm Let's have some fun this time {*laughing*} [Chorus: Kid Cudi] + (Mary J. Blige) Wanna know what it sound like when I'm not on drugs? Please please don't play this song R-r-r-r-right, r-right, r-right-right-right Tryin to get my mind, my mind, my mind right right (People think they really bein helpful) (By tellin me to please be careful, yeah right!) R-r-right, r-right, r-right-right-right Please please don't play this song [Kid Cudi] Yo (ah ha) pain, hurt, sadness and loneliness Balled all that shit right up, tossed it away to the bottomless Pit, the part of my mind that slips and the part of my mind so sick I don't even like to take the trip unless I'm sloppy drunk I pray for my mom, how a teach had a son that never gave a fuck about a Scantron All I wanted was to be a human being and show all the world some new colors and scenes Imagine all types of beautiful scenery I remember when I first had trees Smoked on a black n' mild, so dumb of me Now, I'm grape cigarillo man Any young black kid guaranteed fan Hold it down humble pie on the humble And I'm treatin all my girls like models Reckless and young and my, my mom's calling Think I should hit decline I'm numb face while I'm thinkin 'bout suicide [Chorus] w/ ad libs from Mary J. Blige [Kid Cudi] Hey-whoaaaaaa, yeah~! Ha ha Hey, black Robin Hood, ridin high just like we should You know the sayin, ain't no delayin Gotta gets the gettin while the getting's good Yeah demented, my brain was forced to transform Wise up, I'm checkin the gate, on humble tales and minimum wage The blogs tell it, Cudi's lame Wearin a kilt, he must be gay Let's keep it trill, fuck bein discreet But some girls tweet how they miss my meat Yeah, Cudders, HBO that Vitamin Water That's money to blow cause it's money for blow Don't take no shit, you can blame my mom I'm in the maze, I'm in a daze, I'm losin it I'm lockin in my rocketship I'll be a blip on your radar bitch Feels like things can't be covered Until the day I'm above myself hovered [Chorus] w/ Mary J. ad libs [Kid Cudi] w/ Blige ad libbing Ha ha! Ooooooooooh {*4X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager Song: We Aite (Wake Your Mind Up) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kid Cudi] This one's for Emile (heh) We, we, we, aight, aight, aight We we aight, aight, aight We we we, aight Time to make your MIND up... aight To wake your MIND up... aight It's time to make your MIND up... aight To wake your MIND up {*laughs*} aight Aiiii-aiiiight, we we aight Aight, we We we aiiii-aiiiight We we we aiii-aiight We, we, aight-aiight Wake yo' MIND up To wake yo' MIND up We aiii-aiight We, we we aight The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager Song: Marijuana Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah, oooh, yeah Oooh, ohhh, oooh Pr-pr-pretty green bud, all in my, blunt Ohhhhh I need it We can take off, now Ohhhhh marijuana... yeah Pr-pr-pretty green bud, all in my, blunt Ohhhhh I need it We can take off, now Ohhhhh marijuana... smoke [Kid Cudi] I-I, I be on it all day like my nigga Big Boi said That's the only thing that keep me level up in my crazy head Stoned on the run run, no fun if not it's Scotty from the hatemail read Man I swear to keep it one hundred, if I ain't have it then I'd be dead My soul's been fed tonight, everything that I choose Still can't forget Grey Goose Converse covered with mixer juice And all my niggaz rollin up in the booth Who got me on another one Someone please roll me another one They tell me all good things must end But those motherfuckers ain't have this friend, my [Kid Cudi] Yeah.. {*6X of echoes*} Marijuana! Yeah.. {*6X of echoes*} Marijuana... smoke [Kid Cudi] Always had my back, hey {*3X*} Always had my back, yeah Always had my back, yeah Always had my back, hey! {*2X*} Marijuana had my back, my back Oooh! Ohh-oh-oh-oh-whoa Never left me lonely It's gonna be okay Trust me, it's gonna be okay Ohh, oh-oh-oh {*right before the song ends: "Annnnnnnd, 4:20"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager Song: Mojo So Dope Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "God I thought I loved you so" {*2X*} [Kid Cudi] They done let in the skinny jean wearer 'Fro for days in a old AA Ballin so low, most fools couldn't price me Silently stunt, with a blunt full of P.E. And I guess you know me Been in N.Y. so long got tri-state family Especially Brooklyn, shoutout to the Madi's My bloodline runs deep, nights I don't sleep Figure it's my pops keepin me awake Help me keep my mind in the clouds for reality These muh'fuckers can't fathom the wizardry Slow-mo brain ass-backwards cowards Take a shower, your attitude stinks Wanna know what I think? Hey, my mojo so dope, bitch My mojo so dope Yeah, we live it, live it Yeah, we on it, on it Give a fuck about your lifestyle Give a fuck about a motherfucker lifestyle Cause nigga - we, we live this shit (oh, ohhh, ohhh) Give a fuck about your lifestyle Give a fuck about a motherfucker lifestyle Cause nigga [Kid Cudi] I live through words, not metaphors So I'll pass to be the rest of the freshmen Playful tough talk, often the fave 'Til it came in 'Pac art, and said true thangs A whole new legion of some niggaz Aimin high past the idea of slangin Praise Allah for keepin me away mayne None of my niggaz feel victim to the dope game Some thangs'll never be the same Wishin I could tell my brother Somethin for some motivation to get him out that gutter He's leavin behind a family and a mother Damn~! You must understand What I speak about in song is how I really am Yeah, this is how I really think You can see what I see, yes I really think Yes I really drink, I really do rage My demons out the cage 'bout most of the day Before I became the age to even rage I was drownin my sorrows with some Olde E nigga Hey, we live this shit (oh, ohhh, ohhh) Hey, my mojo so dope Bitch, my mojo so dope [Outro] Yeah, oh ohhh (oh, ohhh, ohhh) Give a fuck about this lifestyle Give a fuck about your lifestyle, cause nigga We live this shit (oh, ohhh, ohhh) hey Give a fuck about your lifestyle Give a fuck about your lifestyle, nigga Yeah (oh, ohhh, ohhh) And we gone, on and on and on and On and on and on and on and And we dream, on and on and on and On and on and on and on and On and on and on and on and The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager Song: Ashin' Kusher Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kid Cudi] Uhh, yeah, uhh Uh-huh... yeah First things first, been rippin, get it in Cudder Niggaz know the name, there's none other I know you know me, the double-oh repper Two-stepper, gun-toter nah nah, smoke kusher I know you lovin how I do it when I switch up the lizzane Skinny niggy diggy in your city gettin chizzange Like I'm Carmelo, meet me in the pizzaint Yammin on your suckers niggaz, yammin on these HOES Roll Swishers in the whip, fuck the bitch so quick Ask Mel Whiskee motherfucker we up in this bitch Hoes love Cudder, smooth duder, Cudois I'm coming, I'm coming and I, know why Y'all know I keep it funky motherfucker better get it right Get it right, better get it right, get it right Ooooooooh-ooooooooh {*2X*} (yeah!) Ooooooooh-ooooooooh {*2X*} And I'll be rockin along, zonin, yeah Movin along, zoninnnnnnnn Ooooooooh-ooooooooh {*2X*} (yeah!) Ooooooooh-ooooooooh {*2X*} - ay! [Kid Cudi] Doin what I want, no need to front Skinny and tatted the fuck up, hey pass me the blunt Baby get up, we in this bitch, 'laxin Dennis know the game, he in the crowd mackin All up off the dome, no need to pen it, friend Me and my niggaz be gettin ends again To my man Plain Pat dawg ever since day one We gon' get it poppin, that's what I'm here for and if you knew me man, I don't really worry about a nigga tryin to Judge, who are you, Judy?! Go shake a feather, do your thang 'til you feel right I know you know the name, the team, we takin flizzight [Interlude: repeat 2X] Life, together we all in together now All in together, all all baby Cause we all in together now [Kid Cudi] Doin what I need, hater I am A-okay How many times must I tell 'em we don't care what people say Even if I do somethin unruly I be like, "FUCK IT NIGGA I WAS PROBABLY ZOOTED~!" Off top... honestly The kush and Goose combination harmful G Find my own rhythm while I'm lookin through my Viennas Everybody gon' talk that shit until they see 'em Then they all on my ballsac, word Then I bounce and they sayin I'm absurd You old jive-ass nigga, look around Ay, we be around, fam, I'm in the clouds [Chorus] - 2X [Outro] Ooooooooh-ooooooooh {*2X*} And I'll be rockin along, zonin, yeah Movin along, zoninnnnnnnn Ay! .. Yea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi f/ Kanye West Album: Man on the Moon II Song: Erase Me Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Verse One] [Kid Cudi] She said I don't spend time like I really should She said she don't know me Anymore I think she hates me deep down, I know she does She wants to erase me  Hmmmmmm A couple days no talkin' I seen my baby And this what she tells me She said I keep on running, keep on running And nothing works I can't get away from you No I keep on ducking, keep on ducking And nothing helps I can't stop missing you Yeah [Verse Two] [Kid Cudi] It's like I'm her new nightmare, she ain't escaping It makes me feel a bit complete Yeah Knowing someone you love don't feel the same way about ya Memories they soon delete Hmmm A couple weeks no talking, I seen my baby I've missed you so damn much Hey I wish we could start over, I told my baby This what this bitch tells me She said I keep on running, keep on running And nothing works I can't get away from you No I keep on ducking, keep on ducking And nothing helps I can't stop missing you Yeah [Bridge] Cause I'm in the magazines On the TV No matter where you are you might hear me I'm in the magazines On the TV No matter where you go you might see me [Verse Three] [Kanye West] Hello, uh I'm Yeezy She said, "Hi I'm Aria." No, you an angel you wave hi to Aaliyah I got a show in Korea, they built a new arena Why don't you come and watch a nigga tear the whole scene up I know I seen ya befo', but don't know where I seen ya Oh I remember now, it's something that I dreamed up Don C said she cool, but don't let her fuck your cream up Monica Lewinski on the dress she'll take ya to the cleaners Sure enough a week later I'm in extra love And everybody know she mine, so she extra plugged Every bouncer, every club show her extra love We just praying the new fame don't get the best of us But all good things gotta come to a ender She let it go to her head, no not my Aria The height of her shopping was writer's blockin' me I couldn't get me shit out anyway I hope you die Aria/diarrhea I keep on running, keep on running And nothing works I can't get away from you No I keep on ducking, keep on ducking And nothing helps I can't stop missing you Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager Song: Wild'n Cuz I'm Young Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I be wild'n cause I'm young, wil-wild'n cause I'm young Wild'n cause I'm young, wil-wild'n cause I'm young I be wild'n cause I'm young, I be wild'n cause I'm young And I'll be wild'n, 'til I'm chillin old [Kid Cudi] Liquor all night, love it! Untamed youths, the Coupes moves like bullets I guess the fact my father smoked and drank made it a young nigga destiny to do the exact same Young wildin and all, me and my co-D's Watch the phonies, and hoes that claim they blew me Dark skin China doll with the fake tits Ice grillin my Spanish chick, word~! We all in together, now we off it Cops be buggin, shotguns on the whip Fuck 'em! I would never sweat for a piggie You can catch me high, it's all good, no biggie [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Kid Cudi] Four in the morning gettin cozy So much Goose I let the fries soak it up some Tuesday weekly, the legend of the Rager Most have witnessed The Cud in the club ... and don't have Plain Pat ready Ice is thrown and the whole crew gone Done off for better and very celebratory Fuck applause, I'ma tell my story No matter the phase, my name is engraved in the minds of the young'uns who be livin to they grave ... you live and you learn Doin bumps in the day and keep blunts to burn [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Kid Cudi] ... rage! Cause I'm paid Take the grey, and create another shade Awesome, no mo' bitches playin possum Pop and lock 'em, and send 'em on home Tired of hoes, all they want is to get chose Know the code, when a women with some toes Optimos, takin trips to Australia Do some blow and hope you make it through the show Hands, high Go wit'cha soul and try floatin through the sky Hide the pain with some pussy and mimosas Costa Rica, next on the agenda [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager Song: The Mood Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kid Cudi] Yup! {*2X*} Shades, over my eyes Make the creepers look back at themselves Sittin stuck, in emotional bliss The skinny model girls rub coke on their gums Tap my knee; I'm deep in the rhythm The young and wild take chances together They all jump up, just to groove But no one talks - lost in the motherfuckin mood No one talks - lost in the mood No one talks - sweatin it out, lost in the mood [Kid Cudi] Ay~! There's a hunger in the night The moonlight kissing the lips on a model frame I kissed her inner thigh Closed my eyes, she began to make me fish She like to go the mile All the while I could see her tear a bit I forget her name, somethin that sound like Penelope Maybe a French twang to it Her tongue was quick, she was French I knew it A lovely foreigner, foreign to racism She like that young nigga vibe My brown skin, my shagged out 'fro I'm king to her, and she will please her friend for me So funny how the starvin are Godless Naked is always honest Her hands all over my privates, lost in the mood {*instrumental from 1:36 to 2:10*} [Kid Cudi] But no one talks, lost in the motherfuckin mood Artist: Kid Cudi f/ Cage, St. Vincent Album: Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager Song: MANIAC Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Paint the black hole blacker {*6X*} [talking over Intro] Yeah I swear to tell the truth The whole truth And nothing but Yes Hey [Kid Cudi] I am the maniac, I am the ghoul (the ghoul) I'm in the shadows in the corner of my room (my room) This my new hideaway, this is my tomb (tomb) This is my coffin, this is my place for unruliness No worries; I love the darkness yeah I'd like to marry it - it is my cloak it is my shield It is my cape! I love the dark maybe we can make it darker Give me a marker [Chorus: St. Vincent] I am a maniac {*3X*} [Cage] I am the maniac, I am the fool I found a monster in me when I lost my cool It lives inside of me, eating what's in its way I put black spraypaint on my windows during the day I want to spend time with it, I think I'm losin it Or I found it and I'm usin it I wear my shades at night so I can look in the abyss I see something in nothingness if you can picture this Put black holes in my jar lid; I climb the wall I'm too high now, I'll die from the fall Before the water's to our knees, we can't climb when the trees wash away, you and I are the disease The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager Song: Mr. Rager Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kid Cudi] (I'm off on an adventure) We're good This here is dedicated to all the kids like me Wherever you are (I'm on my way to, heaven) Here, now, we're good Birds sing, flyin around You never see them too long on the ground You wanna be one of them.. yeah {*2X*} You might hear the birds singin, flyin around You never see them too long on the ground You wanna be one of them.. yeah {*2X*} Whoa now! Hey, Mr. Rager, Mr. Rager Tell me where you goin, tell us where you headed (I'm off on ad-ven-ture) Mr. Rager Tell me some of your stories, tell us of your travels Hey, Mr. Rager, Mr. Rager Tell me where you goin, tell us where you headed (I'm on my way to heaven) Mr. Rager Can we tag along? Can we take the journey? [Kid Cudi] Knocked down round for round You feelin like you shot down on the ground When will the fantasy end? When will the heaven begin? Yeah You might be knocked down round for round You feelin like you show down on the ground When will the fantasy end? Yeah When will the heaven begin? Yeah Whoa now! [Chorus] w/ minor ad libs [Kid Cudi] Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh-oh-oh, oh, oh {*4X*} [Chorus] w/ minor ad libs [Outro] Can we take that journey? (I'm off on ad-ven-ture) Hey, Mr. Raaaaaaager {*4X*} Hey~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid CuDi f/ Mary J. Blige Album: Man On The Moon II: The Legend Of Mr. Rager Song: These Worries Typed by: rapforever86@tlen.pl [1st Verse - Kid CuDi] Yeah, the crazy the wizard So much whiskey all in my liver I really like the punch it delivers Makes me warm while I high five sinners All alone, trying to hide from the shadows Ain’t no use, it seems everywhere they follow They know where I be at In my mind tryna get me [Chorus - Mary J. Blige & Kid CuDi] These worries are heavy, they rest on my shoulders My body won’t let me fall victim no more These worries are heavy, they rest on my shoulders My body won’t let me fall victim no more [Hook - Kid CuDi] Life is like that Beat me up and I’ll fight right back Poof poof - be gone  I see the devil linger on Yeah, stuck in my hell  Writing my mom and I ain’t doing so well Lord let me in I feel like he’s my only friend [2nd Verse - Kid CuDi] Yeah, the rage of the menace Hate me now then hate me when I’m winning Work so hard to not go insane It’s a full time job to not lose my faith Okay, I’ve been here before  Alone for the upteenth time or more I’m tired of motherfuckers sayin' that they worry about me When in fact they probably never gave a fuck about me [Hook - Mary J. Blige] Yeah, life is like that  Beat me up and I’m fighting right back Poof poof - be gone  I see the devil linger on Yeah, I wanna win As long as I can do the work within'  Lord help me in, I feel like your my only friend [Kid CuDi] Yeah The rage of the menace.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi f/ Chip Tha Ripper, GLC, Nicole Wray Album: Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager Song: The End Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Nicole Wray] I'll never do it again Do it again.. I'll never do it again Cause this is the end This is the end.. this is the end [repeat Chorus 0.75X] [GLC - over Chorus repeat at first] Ayyy! Ay, ay My brother told me a long time ago Don't focus where you been G, focus where you tryin to go I swear the game make you cold like Abominable Snowman, old man, when you tryin to shine like gold When it's my time to blow, partner I'ma know In the midst of gettin dough, I was hit with highs and lows My mellow tried to play me, like my fuckin eyes was closed Now I'm sittin here, wishin that my guys didn't know They love a G, so they despise his soul What they gon' do to him, beyond my control When the reaper calls, it's your time to go Never play a nigga when you see that he is tryin to grow He'd be Benny Blanco when he knocked out Carlito and Pachenga so I'm watchin every angle Under the moonlight with the devil I tangle Church on the move like Jesus in the manger Better control of money is better control of anger So now I watch a friend the way that I watch a stranger (Chuuch!) [Chorus] - 2X [Chip Tha Rapper] Uhh~! Chillin, rollin up somethin to change my feelin Thinkin about how I came up from nothin while I'm splittin this Cigarillo, phone rings I get a call One of my dawgs trippin hard, talkin 'bout runnin and killin 'em all I say "Slow down, slow down, what you the fuck you mean? Niggaz just ran in yo' crib and popped yo' daughter in the spleen? I'll be there in 20 minutes," but it only took 15 We wasn't that tight, but cool enough for me to hit the scene I didn't know that this was all a setup, secretly they want me wet up Jealous of my future cheddar, however They fastest move was too slow for me I pulled up; wasn't no ambulance and wasn't no police Somethin fishy goin on, naive kept pressin on Nine gripped thinkin the killer could still be on the lawn Opened the front do', they shot, I shot, someone dropped shit The nigga with somethin to lose just almost lost it Won't trust him again [Chorus] - 2X [Kid Cudi] Cheese came through at 3, salute at ease He had supplied the weed cause I'd been that OD It's me with the black rock star steez Real rock tees, three hundred a pop for these Please~! Bummy, you don't know me money "Day 'n' Nite" got flipped, and I got blow for a grip Sippin on a Heiny with my Jamie boo beside me That's my fuckin best friend, when I'm tweakin she be calmin a brother Like the touch from a mother I'm so damn comfortable, I never want to leave it The feeling, is somethin like the spiritual healer that could end me, I think that's part I find intriguing A little bit off I am, I am, I am I see that I'm caught I am, I am, I am It's somethin like the spiritual healer that could end me I think that's part I find intriguing, I'm fiending [Nicole Wray] I'll never do it again The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager Song: All Along Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Hey! ... Ma-ma-ma, ma-moon {*2X*} [Kid Cudi] When the days, change So does my attitude I'm messy at home I ate a lot of junk food When the nights, change So do my nightmares too I dream reality is my dream All along, all along I guess, I'm meant, to be alone All along, all along I guess, I'm meant, to be alone Out there on my own, yeah [Kid Cudi] When the weeks, change The rumors change too I'm addicted to highs But would you like to know why? When the months, change So do my love point of views I don't want what I need What I need hates me {*2X*} I know all along, all along I know, I'm meant, to be alone It's crazy But all along, all along I knew I was meant, to be alone Out there on my own, yeah [Kid Cudi] I suppose somehow the lionhearted, failed to win Who will be the villain? All the strangers, voted for him I suppose somehow the lionhearted, failed to smile Who will be the villain? All the strangers, voted for him All along, all along I guess, I'm meant, to be alone All along, all along I guess, I'm meant, to be alone Out there on my own, yeah Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager Song: GHOST! Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kid Cudi] Yeah, whoahhh-whoa Mmmmm-ohh Yeah, whoahhh-whoa Ha ha~! Yeahhh, my name is Scott Mescudi, yeah Mmmm, mmmm, mmmm Mmmmmmmmm, mmmmmmmm, YEAH! Gotta, get it, through my big head I, was so close, to bein dead - yeah Life, live it, with nobody's help tips Man, I'm just walkin without bein led See the world is so crazy and filled with such risk And man, I just know I gotta dodge them, mmm yeah The beginnings are followed by an end In the in-between time I'm not runnin or hidin See things, do, come, around and make sennnnnnse, eventually Things, do, come, around But some thinnnnngs, trouble me The people I've met, and the places I've been Are all what make me the man I so proudly am But I wanna know one thinnnnnnnng When did I become a ghost? I'm mostly confused about the world I live in You think that I'm lonely well I probably am One thing that still gets meeeeee When did I become a ghost? [Kid Cudi] Hey, nnn-na-na, nn-na na-na Oh-whoahhhhhhh, ha ha, yay! Yeah, whoa, whoa-oahhhhhh Yo-a-whoahhhh Tried to fight, but soon had gave in Went down a road with no lights on, mmm Can't describe it, and you don't move like them You become their worst nightmare You remember the things that your parents had said and well, rather find out the hard way You should tell a friend, and tell a friend to tell a friend I keep with my stroll I'm not runnin or hidin See things, do, come, around and make sennnnnnse, eventually Things, do, come, around But some thinnnnngs still trouble me [Kid Cudi] Yeah! {*ad libs and skats for a bit*} I hope they understand that I really understand that they don't understand I hope they understand that I really understand that they don't understand I really understand that they I really think I, umm I hope they understand taht I really understand that they don't understand, whoa Listen to me Whoa-oahh-ohhh Ch-ch-ch-ch... listen to me Whoa-oahh-ohhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager Song: Trapped in My Mind Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kid Cudi] You see I'm trapped in my mind, oh I'm, goin trippy Oh I don't think I'll ever go You see the walls are so high that I, couldn't climb them So I don't know which way to roll I feel I'm stuck in rewind, though I'm, lookin forward Damn, I wish I knew what went wrong Am I sick, am I ill? Man, my mental got me Oh Lord, please help me pull through [Chorus: repeat 2X] Ooh, ooh why, ooh why Ooh why, ooh why, ooh why [Kid Cudi] You see the sun seems to shine, when I, am not looking Oh, it seems to trick every time Things do get out of hand once awhile, inside my mental Hey, I took one hell of a ride When I see what is so, I know, I am not looking Yeah I like to pat my own back It's a gift and a curse, since my birth I'm in a prison Though I'm happy right where I'm at [Interlude] You see I'm trapped in my mind, and I, know it's crazy Hey it's not that bad at all When you think of the world, I know it's crazy Hey I'm not that bad at all I'm trapped in mind, and I, know it's crazy Hey it's not that bad at all When you think of the world, I know it's crazy Hey I'm not that bad at all [Interlude] [Kid Cudi] Hey I'm trapped in my mind baby I don't think I'll ever get out Ohh I'm trapped in my mind baby I don't think I'll ever get out - yeah~! Oh, I'm trapped in my mind, baby I don't think I'll ever get out... I don't think I'll ever get out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Indicud Song: The Resurrection of Scott Mescudi Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Quote by Macaulay Culkin from "The Good Son"] "Once you realize you can do anything, you're free... you could fly." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Indicud Song: Unfuckwittable Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Kid Cudi] Ain't no questionin', ain't no conspiracy Keep on searching for love, who else is incomplete? There's so many good vibes just floating around in the world And when the ground and sky combine, I'm feeling more than fine I'm so Rock and Rollin' Don't you feel it? Feel it? Feel It? You know that I'm unfuckwittable Don't you feel it? You know that I'm unfuckwittable [Verse 2: Kid Cudi] One day I knew no one could help me in Hell Not many people are true, fake as the lies they tell The world is filled with good vibes, and that is what I seek And now I'm feeling more than cool, I'm feeling more than cool Them Jokers can't help me [Chorus x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi f/ King Chip Album: Indicud Song: Just What I Am Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: King Chip] I'm just what you made God Not many I trust Ima go my own way, God Take my faith to wherever you want I'm out here, on my son Won't stop 'til I get me some Club hoppin' tryin' to get me some Bad bitches wanna get me sprung Early in the morning, I'm wakin' bakin' Drankin', contemplatin', ain't no such thing as Satan Evil is what you make it Thank the Lord for that burning bush That big body benz I was born to push On my way I'm burning kush Nigga don't be worryin' 'bout us Neighbors knockin' on the door, asking can we turn it down I say, "Ain't no music on" she said, "Naw, that weed is loud" Nigga, we ballin', straight swaggin' Lost heart, but I'm maintainin' I've been told that I'm amazing Make sure keep that fire blazin', we livin' [Chorus: Kid Cudi] I need smoke I need to smoke Who gon' hold me down now? I want to get high y'all I want to get high y'all Need it to get by, y'all Can you get me high y'all? I want to get high y'all I want to get high y'all Need it to get by, y'all Can you get me high y'all? I'm just what you made god, Just what you made I'm just what you made god, Just what you made Just what you made god [Verse 2: Kid Cudi] Let me tell you bout my month y'all Endless shopping I had a ball, I had to ball for therapy, my shrink don't think that helps at all, whatever This man ain't wearing these leather pants I diagnose my damn self, these damn pills ain't working fam' In my spare time, punching walls fucking up my hand I know this shit sound super cray, but if you had my life you'd understand But, I can't fold, some poor soul got it way worse We're all troubled, in a world of trouble It's scary to have a kid walk this Earth I'm what you made God Fuck yes I'm so odd Thinking 'bout all my old friends Who weren't my friends all along Hm, when it rains it pours Whiskey bottles of the six and fours Everyday the first things a chore Amidst a dream with no exit doors [Chorus: Kid Cudi] I need smoke I need to smoke Who gon' hold me down now? I want to get high y'all I want to get high y'all Need it to get by, y'all Can you get me high y'all? I want to get high y'all I want to get high y'all Need it to get by, y'all Can you get me high y'all? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi f/ Father John Misty Album: Indicud Song: Young Lady Typed by: AZ Lyrics In my head your smile appears clear Wish it wasn't my imagination But in a way was a dream Your eyes they tell it all, called it Hope you got a good heart And you're smart You got a good head on your shoulders That's what turns a nigga on, strong Feelings that I have you'll probably never Find out ever I'll admire from afar, star Keep doing all the great things you're doing You got it going on, young lady Jesus Christ, girl! You got it goin' on, young lady [x4] How'd you get so fuckin' cool? Fools probably trying to spit at you daily The price you pay cause you're hot Has anyone told you that you're fresh as hell And I dig the way you wear your hair too It makes you look more mature See I just wanna be a man, and I think you can be the one to guide me But who the fuck am I kidding?! And you know they say I'm wild But real people rarely come around, if ever You got it going on young lady Jesus Christ, girl! You got it goin' on, young lady [x4] You turn a nigga on These feelings I have you'll find out never Unless you're clever I'll admire from afar, star Keep doing all the good things you're doing You got it going on, young lady Jesus Christ, girl! You got it goin' on, young lady [x4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Indicud Song: King Wizard Typed by: AZ Lyrics I can't decide What if life's a lie? I push the lames aside They'll learn I can't ever front, know why? It's not my style, no lie Fuck all the talk In time, they'll burn I can't decide What if life's a lie? I push the lames aside They'll learn I can't ever front, know why? Its not my style, no lie They'll never take me alive King Wizard! [Verse 1] You love that little bit of new, now throwback Cleveland City snakeskin snapback Niggaz know that uniform, keep the brim low You doubt him, don't know a damn thing about him What is hip hop without him, y'all niggaz really just don't know Go, All day every day, hold on with all might I gave the world my heart and they gave the kids insight Yup now fuck you I ain't left I'm outta my mind like all the time And a nigga ain't missed one step yet, yep [Verse 2] My head hurt, gotta give me something that'll make me feel good I remember couldn't tell a nigga nothing, man I wish you would Niggaz ain't working, like me I had to put my bit in All this rose gold I'm dipped in dressed in ? while I coast in clouds That's my life babe, crystal clear, no cascade I'm going, going I'm on a crusade To save the kids from the weak shit It's finally my world Here all the girls can be my girl Just sit back count stacks girl Hold a nigga down all the time girl The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Indicud Song: Immortal Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Adam Sandler] I am the smartest man alive [Intro] I tried to tell all my friends when I was a kid that I had powers, nobody wanted to believe me. Alright [Verse 1] Spent the last month feeling bad 'bout myself I couldn't speak anything of real hope And the day came when it hit me like lightning through my veins A sudden change in my groove, in my walk I got my lion heart and electric flowing through my brain Shocking waves make me feel I can float It's like the city is mine and the dark is my cave I can't explain this sudden peace in my walk I sure hope I am living my life as if I had powers And tonight I feel immortal I said tonight I feel immortal Tonight I feel immortal [Verse 2] Bet you want to see me weak Not sort of my thing you see I'm too damn cool, my mojo too dope It's the same old thing getting lost Day 'n' Nite, young and lost in the pain So many times I've broke this vicious cycle I got my lion heart and electric flowing through my brain Shocking waves make me feel I can float Surely Imma do what I want, ain't got no one to blame I can't explain this sudden peace in my walk I sure hope I'm living my life as if I had powers And tonight I feel immortal I said tonight I feel immortal Tonight I feel immortal Tonight I feel immortal Yeahhh [Guitar Solo] I'm living my life as if I had powers And tonight I feel immortal I said tonight I feel immortal Tonight I feel immortal Tonight I feel immortal Yeahhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi f/ Kendrick Lamar Album: Indicud Song: Solo Dolo Part II Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Kid Cudi] I don't need, I don't need nobody Please shut the front door and walk right in In the land of the man who rock it hard for them Super Solo Dolo attack, run into that If you'd like to know, yes, I am on acid Who could it be? K-I-D Searching all day in the streets for DMT Don't sip it, though - it couldn't answer Drip, drip all day - bumpin' MGMT, homie Watch who you hate on, fam', without the facts Sad niggaz back in the hood bumpin' Ratatat To me it was a dream, a fiend to understand that You never seen a nigga like me? I just tell 'em I'm an oxymoron when I open my mouth Cause people talk shit before knowing what I'm about But for sure these Cleveland boys is ill But pretty soon your gutter bitches wildin' for real, it's such a trip Hoes around the globe, I'm known to have a fet' I don't do a thing and these bitches lickin' they lips Me and Chip reflect on all the hate and jibber jabber Mmm, you almost got me, but sucker I'm not a sucker Better get on back You pussy motherfuckers get the Will Smith smack And I am not a fronter, better look up the facts The world know what it be: Mr. Rager, Solo Dolo - see me and repeat it [Chorus: Kendrick Lamar] Come, come now, last call, who want some? It's just me, two bitches and dirty drums Two lips to kiss, 22 other nuns God blessed my tongue, God need it for life Awkward like car rides, twiddling my thumbs Pondering my next accomplishments It's condescending to say I won Two lips, you kiss my ass tonight, huh? [Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar] I really want it - I need it Break bread - or break fast Before I blast and break legs, ride past And they scream out "little Johnny is dead!" You wish me well, I wish you Hell Eternity, no such thing as time will tell Infirmary, burn like magnetic combustion Bad credit with me, and paramedics are hustlin' What's the definition of water? Sherm sticks, simply got 'em everywhere you caught us Turn quick, I don't wanna play this for my daughter My son heard it, probably look at you as his father I'm proud of myself in a bad way Halfway house, tell that to me halfway I'm passin' out, ass whoopin' Your ass lookin' for Michelle Obama 'til I bang on you They couldn't The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi f/ Too $hort Album: Indicud Song: Girls Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Kid Cudi] I'm single in the streets 'bout to get it in Talkin' bout some drinkin' and some mingling (woh) Can't believe what I'm seeing, man, all these girls, look, look Hmm get in the car ya'll, I just wanna make her feel hot Let me smell your sin girl damn you look so No groupies, see a blonde girl with a brunette See a nigga cruzin' in the red benz I just want to double up, tripple up So many surprises oh so many colors and sizes Love them, I want them, they need me I'm rollin' coastin' I see pretty girls everywhere I go Every, everywhere I go, every, everywhere I go [x3] (So many colors and sizes, so many surprises) [Verse 2: Kid Cudi] Guess what? A nigga turnt up All the windows closed for the roast up Club club letting out for the post up All I need is somebody to fly with and smoke this tree Down for doing acid Sit up on that waist let that ass fit Let me feel your skin on mine unwind whats on your mind And tell me somethin that moves me Seen all types, different continents Nothing more intriguing than an accent That's a one, two, double up, get it up So many surprises, so many colors and sizes Love them (mmh) they're so dope, they're so dope We're rolling, coasting [Verse 3: Too Short] When you live like me, you get used to fun There's an endless supply of the beautiful ones So I opened up those exotic thighs The baddest little bitch half black half Thai Don't be prejudice, cause she's mixed. I'd still fuck the blackest bitch That's how it is, if you in my world Light skin, white momma you a white girl And I got that fever and a big thick you know what I wanna feed here Met a girl named maria, its your turn, I loved them senoritas I'd like to fuck them, but then I said fuck 'em Lil momma can get a little somthin OG Too Short dont stop All the pretty girls come on top I see pretty girls everywhere I go Every, everywhere I go, every, everywhere I go [x3] (let me see that body) (like everywhere, my favorite kind, bitch) [Outro] They love me. Yahm The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi f/ Haim Album: Indicud Song: Red Eye Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Haim] Love, hate, play this game of give and take Won't stay, we all make mistakes I'll say, what a wonderful escape I erase Hey, hey, hey Things get crazy, feel like I'm losing my mind I don't know what to do I'm going insane and I really don't know why There's only one thing to do I'm floating through the night on a red eye [x2] [x2] I can't understand, I don't understand it The visions in my head I just can't make sense of it [x2] Cause I can never run [x3] There's no use for it baby [x3] I can never run [x3] I'm so used to you baby Things get crazy, feel like I'm losing my mind I don't know what to do I'm going insane and I really don't know why There's only one thing to do I'm floating through the night on a red eye [x2] [x2] Things get crazy, feel like I'm losing my mind I don't know what to do I'm going insane and I really don't know why There's only one thing to do I'm floating through the night on a red eye [x2] [x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Indicud Song: Mad Solar Typed by: AZ Lyrics I guess I'm loony, I guess I'm on one Guess I'm just a star of my movie They say I'm the chosen and so it goes I'm supposed to live and grow old and die alone Talking to myself in the mirror Didn't really know one Can we talk just loony to loony? How strange the notion, you don't really know no one And what if I told you, you no longer know me You better keep goin', keep it rollin' now Ain't no thing you don't really need me The pressure is growing Hard times they mold ya Into someone [?] Let the world see how you win No matter how you seem to them Fuck 'em, fuck 'em, fuck 'em, fuck 'em And people think I'm mad or on one Won't you tell them I'm mad solar All the things that bother me Ain't no other way I can be And people think I'm mad or on one So won't you tell them I'm mad solar M.A.D S.O.L.A.R [x2] I guess I'm looney, I guess I'm on one Guess I gotta finish my movie See my heart has been swollen, it's healin' slow Hope I don't live to grow old, no one at home Starin' at myself in the mirror, they wanna know one Wanna find about the real me Soon moments reveal you Especially friends who were never good friends But wanna act like they know me You better keep going, keep strollin' It's so crazy how you think you can play me Show them pussies you're growin' Hard times they mold ya Tell the haters "I told ya" Let the world see how you win No matter how you seem to them Fuck 'em, fuck 'em, fuck 'em, fuck 'em And people think I'm mad or on one Won't you tell them I'm mad solar All the things that bother me Ain't no other way I can be And people think I'm mad or on one So won't you tell them I'm mad solar M.A.D S.O.L.A.R [x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi f/ RZA Album: Indicud Song: Beez Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: RZA] Who could take a single buck, an empty cup, a stroke of luck Fuck around and reconstruct it up to a million bucks In God we trust, every part of us is marvelous You Krusty Krab squad, ya'll will rust, ya'll ain't hard enough Demolition expert, I exert through your network while the tech squirt jerk There's holes inside your sweatshirt Through your apparel, through your blood, through your bone marrow Precise with this mic device, slice your pie like [?] You falling nigga, and you can't get up You been stalling motherfucker and your ass is stuck. Brooklyn, Brownsville, baby stay with the Killer Hill crazy. It grows up above the booth And conceils my three eighty Are you running for this money money Hunting eggs like easter bunny Geeks trying to beast upon me Freak, I will eat a zombie. Calm and double while you jumping through these hurdles, silly rabbit The race is over, is won by the turtle Metal machinery, purple herbal mixed with that greenery I don't write songs, grasshopper, I write scenaries Everything ain't what it seems to be What it means to you it don't mean to me Bzzzz, a sting from the killer bees [Chorus x4] In God I trust, no I don't give no fucks (Dropping them them them, motherfucking Beez) [Verse 2: RZA] I pass any test of litmus I workout at 24 fitness On the weekends, I sip Belvedere with that citrus My dogs is vicious, exotic Life is good, I live every day like it's Christmas Happy New Year, I does what the fuck I wanna do here I splash that Gucci shit from the shirt to the shoewear Trust the rings out, wife beater tee with the wings out Long dick stamina, I fuck a bird til she sings out La la la la, body could convert Lady Gaga Dr Hannibal sexual, I'm classy like Impala Plus I'm federal, when it comes to making dollas Like Jigga nigga man, if you hear me then holla Four rings like the Green Lantern You see me in the mean phantom Pushing over there in Ohio, outside of Canton Or maybe in the Grotti rugged projects of Stanton Tall redbone in my shower, she looking like Paula Patton The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi f/ A$AP Rocky, King Chip Album: Indicud Song: Brothers Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: King Chip] If my niggaz don't fuck wit' you, I don't fuck wit' you That's just a code in my hood, don't let these guns hit you Be a man of your word, don't ever let 'em ever play you Stand up for your shit, make sure these haters pay you Can't nothing stop a room full of real niggaz I got some bad rich bitches, they my real niggaz It's like working four jobs not to kill niggaz My little niggaz love to ride by and spill niggaz If Yall fell out over some chips that ain't your real nigga If yall fell out over a chick that ain't your real nigga Before I be a house nigga be a field nigga I gotta put off a chick call in my trill nigga I met juke in 92 when we still niggaz Rockin Hilfigers before they was like chill niggaz Living well me and my niggaz go'n eat Before you hate, hit the brakes with both feet [Chorus: Kid Cudi] Hey yo, all right [x8] This is how it's supposed to be [Verse 2: A$AP Rocky] Max with the homies, try to teach them things Teach them how to make a piece of change, even keep the change But they neva change, bought a set of chains with another chain Upgraded to a better chain, that Beretta sing Shoes on the 'rari start to look like hooves Pigs by the crib start to look like wolves Money neva change me only change the situation The paper I be chasin got them sucka niggaz hatin Started from the pavement, basement Satan, Couldn't match my claims so they compare me to a mason Free [?] slaves but they based and crazy We talkin' bout crack or we talkin about blacks? So for the blunted, then they pickin the gun up Motherfuckers is trippin if it in in the run up Then they gettin the come up, yup bitch And they do with the sun up And this is for my niggaz and my gang Through the fortune and the fame Only thing didn't change was my niggaz [Verse 3: Kid Cudi] I got the niggaz that I need with me Any issues my nigga you know then please hit me No question no hesitation when it come to own fam dawg, If you creep me the fuck out you probably ain't around Now you can hate on the side lines, I'm skippin past You got me fucked up, keep talkin and kiss my ass No sweatin the ho shit, too in tune with the family I do got the ones that do know Scott They give me the love that a nigga need If its a place to stay or a dime sack of weed Word to dennis Brought me thick and thin 'til we finished Focused to keep the pockets replenished Clothes on our kids And keep my niggaz from goin away on a bid Only wanted fly shit when we got big Chasin these hoes up in they ribs at they momma crib Beat niggaz up so [?] it they go blind about it We all grown, families up on our own Providing for 'em real niggaz, real morals that's the code So long as I am my brotha's keeper He will provide me with a [?] or a street sweeper The love I have for my niggaz is another type You gotta real nigga down with you for your whole life Love for my niggaz The brothers that I never had made my life a lot less sad my nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Indicud Song: Burn Baby Burn Typed by: AZ Lyrics Element of the surprise Such a spectacular thing I cannot, lie So many things people wanna limit you to be I show you a glimmer inside the spectrum of the wizard Well known as a getter and a nigga with a plan The nigga didn't come out they mouth [?], so sad When I smash, wipe the smirk off their face, my bad Who bad, I am, my dad raised one hell of a man [?] livin', I had the [?] in advance Still don't feel appreciated and not by my own fam All good, I'll be tucked away in them shadows Workin' in sweats, solve the riddle and soon I'm ready for battle Move my fans with my love and they move me with theirs We unified by the dark and middle fingers in the air Come on who gon' go half on a zone Oh, thought I would be done off the coke, no Let me tell you something ho Been said everything that shine ain't gold Been skatin' on pretty faces then my heart switched cold Been that nigga sittin' in hell in fresh ass clothes I know what it feels like to have a broken nose And ain't nobody hit you in it It's really cause that shit that you snorted and put all in it That time you thought I was finished no I just experimented And it helped me adjust and be OK, with being demented By the way nigga these cars ain't rented, I give a fuck who sees So I don't bother rollin' tinted look who the fuck it be That's candy Cleveland niggie I stay reppin' my city bitch Been smokin no jokin', Cudder's had that itch So I scratch, so please no more speculation 'bout that Burn baby, burn Truthfully and noted I'm back so please no more speculation 'bout that Burn baby, burn Truthfully and noted I'm back Niggas think I'm livin' life paranoid (Mothafuck that, man) Aw, they got me twisted, they don't know that boy (Mothafuck that, man) I'm just gettin busy killin' it, I'm gettin' busy (Mothafuck that, man) I just wanna watch it burn, baby, burn Niggas think I'm livin' life paranoid (Mothafuck that, man) Aw, they got me twisted, they don't know that boy (Mothafuck that, man) I'm just gettin busy killin' it, I'm gettin' busy (Mothafuck that, man) Now it's time to watch 'em burn baby, burn The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Indicud Song: Lord of the Sad and Lonely Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Kid Cudi] (Lord of the Sad and Lonely) Won't you tell me who is; the supreme leader Still want to use like I'm not a human eater Move and groove, make the bitch linger Want more than the dick, gold on the ring finger Not the one who wanna play dumb, see I'm from Cleveland bitch I'm up in the hills still keep it way trill And most wanna relax, someone tell me how that feel I say that loud until I go an pop this pill I say out loud 'you wanna let me cop a feel?' Now I pray out loud but I know my god ill Bounce with me If you don't give a fuck simply Fed up won't let up on the overtime The more I work, the more they wanna sweat mine I can feel those lames they love to speak my name Sometimes dreams of breakin niggas whole faces And fuck the precinct, ain't scared of catchin’ cases Sky might fall, but I ain't worried at all Got me some xannies and a couple adderall Plus these racks up on the strippers at the mall With the spirit of god and some Gandalf balls Lord of the sad and lonely And the ones that feel like shit on the daily Don't let these phony niggas and hoes Be the ones that bring you low Let it be from the fatigue from making a pussy plead All of the things I've seen and survived Make a nigga feel way more than just alive You know my name you know my face All hail King Wizard in your motherfucking space You love it [Hook:] Yep, yep, yep Lord of the sad and lonely Yep, yep, yep Lord of the sad and lonely And the ones that feel like shit on the daily I got you, you love it [Verse 2] Now I can show you how to make a new Domingo Dean In a way in which this universe has never seen I feel the tension when I'm struttin' in my Prada boots Check with my fresh, if you want I can style you My profession is to wild you, Nigga How you not better than me listen I swear to Jesus I feel like Baby back in 99 In the SLS stunting and it's all mine Shitting on these nigga sipping on some Swiss Kriss I got jewelry that is sitting on my sick wrist My liver fucking up my floor, see I'm getting pissed Work too damn hard here for the shenanigans Don't hang around bums And that's how I went fe fi fo fum Haters are doing dumb things No fun, no jokes, no smile Just a grin that suggest I'm the best Living like I got a motherfucking [?] At all times So many kids live their life through my rhymes See I'm in love with you all to the end When shit was dark for me you were my only friends On the realer So smoke some tree for your nigga Ain't nobody got my bounce, know my juicy ounce Walk in rooms and fuckboys close their mouth The Cud life, you know what we about Lord of the Sad and Lonely The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi Album: Indicud Song: Cold Blooded Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] Hmmm I got my head on a swivel Think its time I open my mind where I left it Nigga make it easy Make sure that they can't delete me I'm bout to be rewire your whole fucking mainframe I'm sick of the same Lame old same thing I got some bubonic you might wanna mix with some whiskey I got a vendetta with showing niggaz that I'm way better Feeling way worthless The lost black sheep of G.O.O.D. Music Only good for a hook, huh? Let me show you flows Intuitive when it comes to many things I know Cold Most winters I would dream of being a winner Feeling like less than shit to the doubters Pain I promise to all who oppose my knowledge My reign The fucking essence of pain fuck rain Standing in a monsoon of cool Time will tell This is what it is when you're walking to hell Oh! Bitch you know I'm cold yea I'm one cold blooded nigga Oh So cold Niggaz know I'm cold yea I'm one cold blooded nigga Owie! [Verse 2] I love how I can make so many people feel uneasy Walk right passed I know you hoes see me Can't deny the shine of a jedi World class almighty super cudder the Godly Went from [?] to smoking tiva that was my hobbies I love shittin on these niggaz that is my fave Can't fuck with an unstoppable force That lives with no regrets and of course no remorse One two one two Assholes now please listen close I live for the day to watch all you pussies roast Whoosah whoosah So I don't slit nobody throat Awww it ain’t my fault, thought he had the juice Bash a nigga face in Watch the blood leak Put my ear where his jaw was Tell a nigga to speak Standing in a monsoon of cool Karma is my armor Was always scared of my father Beyond [Chorus 2x] Oh! Bitch you know I'm cold yea I'm one cold blooded nigga Oh So cold Niggaz know I'm cold yea I'm one cold blooded nigga Owie! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi f/ Michael Bolton, King Chip Album: Indicud Song: Afterwards (Bring Yo Friends) Typed by: AZ Lyrics Sexy, sexy Gonna have us a good time and I ain't gonna lie Got some friends around and we could slide by Gonna have us a good time and I ain't gonna lie We got some friends around, we got some friends around Gonna have us a good time and I ain't gonna lie Got some friends around and we could slide by Gonna have us a good time and I ain't gonna lie We got some friends around, we got some friends around Yeah, let that bounce We got you Wicked! We should go to my home, afterwards, come on Bring yo friends; we should go to my home, afterwards, come on We should go to my home, afterwards, come on Bring yo friends; we should go to my home, afterwards, come on Bring yo friends Bring yo friends Bring yo friends We on, 'cross the globe Don't box me in, claustrophobic Tonight we alive, we should give 'em a show And my living room dance-floor is ready to go Tell my people, we on, 'cross the globe Don't box me in, claustrophobic Tonight we alive, we should give 'em a show And my living room dance-floor is ready to go Bring yo friends (Ready to go, ready to go) Bring yo friends (Ready to go, ready to go) We should go to my home, afterwards, come on Bring yo friends; we should go to my home, afterwards, come on We should go to my home, afterwards, come on Bring yo friends; we should go to my home, afterwards, come on We should go to my home, afterwards, come on Bring yo friends; we should go to my home, afterwards, come on Bring yo friends.. Just bounce, no hands Oh, gonna show you how to do this dance Just bounce, no hands Oh, gonna show you how to do this dance Just bounce, no hands Oh, gonna show you how to do this dance Just bounce, no hands Oh, gonna show you how to do this dance Just bounce, no hands Gonna show you how to do this dance Just bounce, no hands Gonna show you how to do this dance Just bounce, no hands Gonna show you how to do this dance Just bounce, no hands Gonna show you how to do this dance Just bounce Gonna show you how to do this dance Just bounce, no hands Gonna show you how to do this dance Just bounce, no hands Gonna show you how to do this dance Just bounce for me, no hands Just bounce for me Gonna show you how to do this dance Just bounce for me, no hands Just bounce for me So right, so right, so nice Come rage with me So right, so right, so nice Come rage with me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Cudi f/ Jim Jones Album: Day 'n' Nite (Remix) 12" Song: Day 'n' Nite (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Jim Jones] Jones! We born to die (For real) So I get high just like I'm born to fly (To the moon)  I'm in the court with marijuana eyes (Sorry judge}  We hit the clubs until the morning rise (Cause of last night) Cause day 'n' nite (Day 'n' nite)) We run the streets hope I don't pay that price (Pray for me) They got the nerve to tell me press my brakes (What) And if I do then how will rent get paid, paid  So now I'm thinkin that (What's your thought) Two hundred stacks what would it bring me back (Thinkin to flip) Especially now that recessions here (It's hard out here)  My only answers to my questions is, is (Let me figure out) Ok now here's a thought (One more thought)  Streets is a marriage that you can't divorce  Life is a bitch but I think I fell in love (I love that bitch) So I treat the game just like I'm sellin drugs, drugs  [Chorus: Kid Cudi] 'Cause day 'n' nite... The lonely stoner seem to free his mind at night He's all alone through the day 'n' nite The lonely loner seem to free his mind at night, ah-ah, at nite 'Cause day 'n' nite... The lonely stoner seem to free his mind at night He's all alone, some things will never change The lonely loner seem to free his mind at night, ah-ah, at nite [Verse Two: Kid Cudi] Day 'n' nite... I toss and turn, I keep stress in my mind, mind I look for peace and see I don't attain What I need for keeps, this silly game we play...play.. Now look at this... Madness to magnets keeps attractin me, me I try to run, but see I'm not that fast I think I'm first, but surely finish last...last... [Chorus: Kid Cudi] 'Cause day 'n' nite... The lonely stoner seem to free his mind at night He's all alone through the day 'n' nite The lonely loner seem to free his mind at night, ah-ah, at nite 'Cause day 'n' nite... The lonely stoner seem to free his mind at night He's all alone, some things will never change The lonely loner seem to free his mind at night, ah-ah, at nite [Verse Three: Kid Cudi] Hold the phone, the lonely stoner Mr. solo dolo He's on the move can't seem to shake the shade Within his dreams he sees the life he made, made The pain is deep, a silent sleeper you wont hear a peep, peep The girl he wants don't seem to want him too It seems the feelings that she had are through, through [Chorus: Kid Cudi] 'Cause day 'n' nite... The lonely stoner seem to free his mind at night He's all alone through the day 'n' nite The lonely loner seem to free his mind at night, ah-ah, at nite 'Cause day 'n' nite... The lonely stoner seem to free his mind at night He's all alone, some things will never change The lonely loner seem to free his mind at night, ah-ah, at nite [Verse Four: Kid Cudi] Slow mo, when the tempo slows up and creates that new, new. He seems alive, though he is feelin blue. The sun is shinnin man he’s super cool, cool. The lonely nites, they fade away he slips into his white Nikes. He smokes a clip and then he’s on the way To free his mind in search of… To free his mind in search of… To free his mind in search of… 'Cause day 'n' nite... The lonely stoner seem to free his mind at night He's all alone through the day 'n' nite The lonely loner seem to free his mind at night, ah-ah, at nite 'Cause day 'n' nite... The lonely stoner seem to free his mind at night He's all alone, some things will never change The lonely loner seem to free his mind at night, ah-ah, at nite The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 88 Keys f/ Kid Cudi Album: The Death of Adam Song: Ho Is Short For Honey Typed by: taylor_antonio_williams@yahoo.com [Kid Cudi] Have you heard the story (hey hey hey) About a man Who had a plan, a plan Oh to keep it moving (ahhh man living) Stress free, no he aint trippin Trippin no more I'll tell you how he do it (how he do it yeah) got to keep it to trill No showin love or affection Learning from life's lessons(lessons) Be different on the scene And you will truly see A different you and me [Hook] (ho, hey ho) do you remember me (ohh oh) (ho, hey ho) I bet you don't, don't (hey hey) (ho. hey ho) It's just the pimp in me (ho, hey ho) a different me for you [88 Keys] Hey honey you remember me I'm the one you burned to the third degree I'm the one you sent to the emergency I'm the one you texted you it's urgent, please Call back And you reply, fall back With a bunch of LOL's You typed in all caps And i'm like all snapped Is this who i dealt with Such immaturity on this slim pelvis You split and shit i'm selfish You head to the next dude crib, he felt it He paid 40 bucks to the dick she sells it And know he's irritated like hitch with the shellfish Tell this to wifey We will never get married Cause i was running game like larry to a bird Who can score a lot of points Watchin while you was on my balls While she go hard for the green like celtics [Hook] [88 Keys] They say sticks and stones will break some bones But am I in the wrong I piss come on I bitch and moan But I won't call you a bitch in this song Cause you ain't feelin that pain You play a lot of games So I call out your name Like paul revere For all to hear But I had to chill on the curse, On this verse So I can get the sampled cleared [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Travis Barker f/ Kid Cudi Album: Give the Drummer Some Song: Cool Head Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*43 second instrumental*} [Kid Cudi] Yeah, yeah Relaxed and I'm thinkin, did I forget to mention I'm sittin on a location, I call it new station Constructing my best opus, motherfuckers ain't got no life No vision, no ambition, no will to do a damn thing They often spit greasy, and talk down on the nigga that be shinin How is that readily, so mentrual psychology Tamponic, stressful, overloaded jealous niggaz I'm in my own world, literally no bullshit baby I keep a cool head, I keep a cool head nowwwwwwww whoa I keep a cool head, I keep a cool head [Kid Cudi] Ay, ain't nobody trippin on, I'm cool, relaxed I keep, my, mojo on, daaaamn, no turnin me off I keep makin that money, that money, that money, yeah Keep, my, mojo on, daaaamn, no turnin me off Ain't nobody trippin on, I'm cool, relaxed I-I keep, my, mojo on, daaaamn, no turnin me off I keep makin that money, that money, that money, yeah I keep, my, mojo on, daaaamn, no turnin me off I keep a cool head, I keep a cool head nowwwwwwww whoa {*3X*} I keep a cool head, I keep a cool head [Kid Cudi - repeat 2X] They stay livin right in their own lies In their own days in their holes We see beyond the hate, we see a poor soul who hasn't been told, they only know what they've been shown I keep a cool head, I keep a cool head nowwwwwwww whoa {*3X*} I keep a cool head, I keep a cool head The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Boi f/ Kid Cudi Album: Vicious Lies and Dangerous Rumors Song: She Hates Me Typed by: en13712n@pace.edu [Big Boi] + (Kid Cudi) Sir Lucious L... (La, la, la, la La, la, la La, la, la, la Hmmm, hey!) She said she love me when I'm gone, she miss me being home I'm always at the studio, that makes her alone Recently, she even seems to hate on all my songs Deleted my pictures, took my face up out her phone "Where did we go wrong?" I'm sitting here thinkin' She said the weed too strong, it keeps my breath stinkin' Dizzy high, I ride away in my Lincoln Close my eyes and fly away, but no blinkin' I'm just dreamin', she ain't really screamin' It goes both ways and I was trying to get even Lost my whole evening mostly for no reason and just my broken weaslin', now I'm tryin' to ease it in Came home late, I just put the key in It would probably be straight if she was European She's not, she's hot and mad as she can be If you can hate on anybody, girl, I'm glad it was me [Chorus: Kid Cudi] She hates me (I know it, I know) She hates me (I know it for sure) But I'mma make her love me I'mma - I'mma make her love me But I'mma make her love me, again She hates me (La, la, la) She hates me (I know it for sure) But I'mma make her love me I'mma - I'mma make her love me, again But I'mma make her love me, again [Big Boi] I mean, it started with the rose petal, ended with the stem By the car, while I was thinking "Damn, here we go again" We used to hold hands and had such deep convo Make a few plans like, you wanna go where I'mma go? Well, let's leave pronto and that's what we did Then we yelled out geronimo and jumped off that bridge Had a couple kids, you can move where I live I know old ass niggas that's scared to do what I did The shoe still fits, but I'm wearing out the sole Sometimes, I really feel as if I'm burnin' out my soul I should have a lot, been preparin' for my show but instead everybody keeps dick ridin' my flow Now I know I ain't white bitch, but bitch, I ain't broke If she actin' like a bitch, I guess we're around white folks Forgive me if I raise my voice, I won't raise a hand but one thing I will do, baby, is raise my little man [Chorus: Kid Cudi] She hates me... She hates me... But I'mma make her love me I'mma make her love me I'mma make her love me, again She hates me (La, la, la, la) She hates me (La, la, la) But I'mma make her love me I'mma make her love me I'mma make her love me, again [Kid Cudi] La, la, la, la La, la, la But I'mma make her love me I'mmma - I'mma make her love me But baby, let me fix this But girl, let me fix it La, la, la, la La, la, la But I'mma make her love me I'mmma - I'mma make her love me But babe, let me fix it Baby, let me fix it... But babe, let me fix it Baby, let me fix it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Sean f/ Kid Cudi, Nas Album: Hall of Fame Song: First Chain Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Big Sean] Coming from a city where bullets turn bro's into souls Who knew from that concrete that a rose had arose Good girls stopped being good when I turned 'em into hoes Dreams stopped being dreams when I turned 'em into goals BIG was the first one that had it Then I saw Nas' chain, man, that was illmatic Then I saw Kanye's hanging from his gold necklace Then Ye gave me mine, that show you my work ethic Mom had that hooptie that she ran in the dirt Used to pick me up from school right after work Now she rolling up in that Caddy like she coming to church She's ask why I rock all this gold, cause I'm coming in first Got the streets behind me like I was staring in the rear-view Used to have to take showers standing in the mildew Now I'm in the penthouse, look what a mill do Looking in the mirror and I'm still you, I'm still you Got my first chain Feeling like I got my first chain I be stunting, stunting like I got my first chain I be stunting, stunting like I got my first chain [Bridge] BIG was the first one that had it Now Jacob the Jeweler benefit from my habits I be stunting, stunting like I got my first chain I be stunting, stunting like I got my first chain [Verse 2: Nas] What's the noise all about with this rap stuff I can say I never been punked, robbed or smacked up I can say I never been chased, jumped or backed up I learned to patch it up to get passes to niggas who be acting up Cause it's a mental game, I learned that when I got my first initial chain I didn't fake it, it was gold plated, I was posing relatin' To those dealing with blow, had the [?] it was those gangsters That bonus, that culture, those projects Shiny shit on their necks, making both of my eyes squint They got in my bones, now I'm coppin' stones Sorry Sierra Leone, one day we'll right the wrongs 18 karat gold Cuban on, not too short, not too wide, not too long My pendant offensive, in the truest form Platinum gold, rose gold, what you want? [Bridge] BIG was the first one that had it Then I saw Nas' chain, man, that was illmatic And I be stunting, stunting like I got my first chain I be stunting, stunting like I got my first chain [Verse 3: Big Sean] On a highway to heaven, look at all the tolls I paid I done gave my city drive all the roads I paved No matter what why I turn things go my way I'm rocking chains everyday, so you know I slave Even when I'm just walking 'round the crib, nigga To remind me of everything that we did, nigga Look up in the mirror, chain only thing lyin' No heroes where I'm from, bullets only thing flying I know the higher that I go, the harder to climb But after that, the bigger the muscle and smarter the mind Police only work 12-hour shifts Cause in Detroit that's cheaper than the bailout, bitch Trap house built brick by brick, paid dues on dues FF good, you know I'm reppin' crew on crews Stack bills on bills till my backyards got pools on pools Girls on girls, lingerie and Moulin Rouge God damn, I think I'm gon' O.D. Off this asparagus and bread and pasta Need a doctor, I've been dogding shady hoes and rainy days It's like I got a built-in doppler And it's a shame, a fuckin' shame I don't remember my first love or my first time prayin' But remember my first ass and the first time she came It almost felt as good as when I got my first chain [Bridge] Jay-Z taught me money ain't a thing Came from the streets, headed to the hall of fame Stunting, stunting like I got my first chain I be stunting, stunting like I got my first chain [Verse 4: Kid Cudi] It's such a wonderful thing, to see the end of all things Niggas and bitches, where you at? I got my mind is on me A couple others and dreams, would've seen me Me and my niggas in this bitch About two months in a week's time Movin, feelin hellish [?] with lemon, lime shine Now how the fuck can i chill now? Kanye think I'm dope See this piece that I own now How sick is the rope? Taking life for what it is The troublesome chick, who throws fists Sometimes it's the weather Things switch up, people trip up The money come down, then climb up But when it come again The most creepin', deceivin', men are scheme-schemin' Saying that you love me, you surely do and if you don't Motherfuck that sometimes So dead it, shred it Young nigga lost to the night I'm so ready to let it go My life is fucking awesome, I could be fuckin' dead right now, But I'm awesome So fuck whoever has a bad thought Don't know the god Cause when I leave this bitch you all gon' wish you knew the God It might be too late, but the song's will live on Just know this fact, you were all wrong Now watch me do my silly dance Not really a dance, more like a prance I'm signing off with a crotch grab [Outro: Kid Cudi] Thank you man, for letting me get on this record Sean You the coolest G.O.O.D. Music nigga forever Understand? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chip Tha Ripper f/ Kid Cudi Album: Ask About Me (S) Song: Ask About Me Typed by: AZ Lyrics Rollin' puffin' indo, Roll up all my windows Wildin' with my kinfolk, for real tho' Aye it's just chip tha rip and kiddo It's just chip the rip and kiddo, (yeah) Ask about me [Kid Cudi] Dawg it's the weirdo again, I packed my bags back up in the land Hoes talk down and then shake your hand better believe me my nigga supply and demand I walked that line I learned then ropes did my I prayed and hoped now I'm getting back {?} hoes wanna date put no limit just twerkin' and movin' I stick Pro when I get it in then I might dip fast If you focused you might cash but not like rape so please fall back Live your life don't focus on money Hello girl you can call me the moon man up above I fly fast anywhere nigga any giving time a couple lines homeboy I ain't gotta rhyme so nice with it And I keep that wahoo fitted flow was gravy {?} Back in high school hoes tried to diss me Now all I gotta do is sing for a pretty thing give me five minutes she all on my ding-a-ling Can't live if you ain't about something can't talk if you live life frontin' Boss life from invisible see a model then it's go time Another hand did so I took mine didn't have a watch so I took time Format it now they gotta jock it My slim cut jeans haters try to knock it now them same mother fuckers keep 501's Then be bumpin' that slab bub Rollin' puffin' indo, roll up all my windows Wildin' with my kinfolk, for real tho' Aye it's just chip tha rip and kiddo It's just chip tha rip and kiddo Rollin' puffin' indo, Roll up all my windows Wildin' with my kinfolk, for real tho' Aye it's just chip tha rip and kiddo It's just chip the rip and kiddo, (yeah) Ask about me [Chip Tha Ripper] I be on that-that monster shit RAWR bitch, lot's of dick if hoes get to beggin' that front door shall be their consequence Get up outta here bitch, cudi got some hoes comin' and when them hoes come all they talkin' cummin' Turn pike hustler that'll be I Pullin' up to your city pretty high And it's all for the rent it's all for the fifth the money goes to the kush packs in the seeds And the music I do it for the hoods and the kids and the baby mamas who be in the hood with the kids Do shit for the money fuck a favor text the address I'll see you later M.I.A that's where I'll be but for now I'm a g r I n d Till a nigga caked up ain't worried bout shit {?} time nigga better worry about shit {?} time nigga better worry bout {?} they gone be up in your ass If you talkin' that shit to the wrong mother fucker from the jungle dog Niggas out here come and hunt you down Dogs still be wild with a mother fucker and them 15s be jumpin dog {?} in the place, {?} on my face Fresh scampy I'm loving that taste, {?} 12 hundred for the case Me and Cudi headin' out what's good You done feel off like we knew you would Now I can show you how to be a real nigga be the {?} and still be true to your hood Rollin' puffin' indo, roll up all my windows Wildin' with my kinfolk, for real tho' Aye it's just chip tha rip and kiddo It's just chip tha rip and kiddo Rollin' puffin' indo, Roll up all my windows Wildin' with my kinfolk, for real tho' Aye it's just chip tha rip and kiddo It's just chip the rip and kiddo Ask about me Rollin' puffin' indo, roll up all my windows Wildin' with my kinfolk, for real tho' Aye it's just chip tha rip and kiddo It's just chip tha rip and kiddo Rollin' puffin' indo, Roll up all my windows Wildin' with my kinfolk, for real tho' Aye it's just chip tha rip and kiddo It's just chip the rip and kiddo Ask about me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chip Tha Ripper f/ Far East Movement, Kid Cudi Album: Tell Ya Friends (Mixtape) Song: Ride 4 You Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yeah, you know what You, yeah, you. You know it. You, you know it, girl! Yeah, don't be silly, you, you know it I'm here, I'm here as your friend baby, I'm here for you Here, I'm here as your friend baby. I'm here for you Tell me now we gon' ride for you, yeah yeah Tell me now we gon' ride for you, you know Look, I'll burn a dollar bill, I'll put my whip for sale Girl if we was Eskimos for you I'd kill a killer whale I'd try to ace a test but cheat and get a C at best I'd sling a bag of crack to Singapore and get beat to death ha Anything to please you, feel success I'd go beyond the bed and bath just to relieve your stress The realest sex, no next, delete the rest I'll call up DJ Khaled few voicemails so you feel the best Look I love you but you love a lime, leaving sour face skittle trails all over my mind My imagination never leaves me far behind So when you wake up from your shake up see who's down to ride 4 you Tell me now we gon' ride for you, yeah yeah Tell me now we gon' ride for you, you know Tell me now we gon' ride for you, yeah yeah Tell me now we gon' ride for you, you know Yeah, ooh girl, don't be silly don't be stubborn, don't be spoiled rotten, I know what you want, you've got it coming If you can't cooperate with the laws and the vision we could be really good friends I know I can give you what you're missing If you listen, the littlest things are so colossal If you could treat my world like it's gold then boo I got you You could be my homegirl lover, ain't no other You ain't bout to wonder, I am here, I am down for you If you act right, you know I got you You my girl you got to understand my world, keep it so real, keep it girl You and I, and anything we do, we do it fly You my A'est boo, if you by my side then I'm gon' ride for you Tell me now we gon' ride for you, yeah yeah Tell me now we gon' ride for you, you know Tell me now we gon' ride for you, yeah yeah Tell me now we gon' ride for you, you know It's just a simple thing, a simple thing Baby if you hold me down, baby if you hold me down I will give you everything, everything You could be my roll dog, I could be your homie It's just a simple thing, a simple thing Baby if you hold me down, baby if you hold me down I will give you everything, everything You could be my roll dog, I could be your homie My baby don't trip cause she on the grown tip I keep her on the hush hush treat her like my home chick You know she down to ride live her life on the edge A million miles a minute living life no regrets Yo her friends they be texting sometimes, but I don't Ever give them replies cause they won't Ever have what we have Our conversations are crack, the little face with your laugh You've got me fiending for that that that Tell me now we gon' ride for you, yeah yeah Tell me now we gon' ride for you, you know Tell me now we gon' ride for you, yeah yeah Tell me now we gon' ride for you, you know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Consequence f/ Big Sean, Common, John Legend, Kanye West, Kid Cudi Album: Whatever You Want 12" Song: Whatever You Want (Remix) Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Kanye West] [x4] G.O.O.D. Music has arrived [Kid Cudi] [x3] I said its time to put your hands in the air And wave them around like you just don't care  Yeah Okay, Mr. Moon Man, has arrived And to them lame niggas keep the middle finger high I'm kinda like my mind, would you mind if we fly Not rhymin' in metaphor, talkin 'bout G4 But Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want [Common] Whatever you want, you could quit your day job You could be my Kate, I could be your A-Rod Christian Louboutin, ma telling you could model Not you, a Real Housewife of Chicago Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want [Big Sean] Yeah, B-I, G, look To all the Halle Berrys and the younger Tony Braxtons, It's time to cut, glad you made the casting Look at my jewelry, damn that shit's flashin' Not only do I love it, I love it with a passion Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want [Kanye West] Ayo I pull up in the, errr umm, Benz And the girls say, "Ahh", like they imitatin' Prince Okay, when I circle the block, hop in Me, you and your friends That's a win win win Do whatever you  Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want [Consequence] Ladies this is in your best interest like a feminist If going out with him don't come with benefits Then why would you even wanna reminisce? When you could apply in time for a membership And get whatever you want, want, want, want, want [Kanye West] Now its time to put your hands in the air And wave them around like you just don't care [Consequence] And once your done with that keep your hands up high And if you with your girl let me see you get live [John Legend] Hey girl, we 'gon live it up tonight Hey girl, welcome to the grammy life Hey girl, you know how this goes Doesn't get old, centerfold Is all I know Whatever you want [Consequence] You would think I would recycle by the way I found my last chick Cause all she want is paper or plastic And won't be happy until she find herself a draft pick Or a D-boy with money in the mattress So raise up your glasses And lets toast to the good life Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want [Big Sean] So go ahead, you can drink whatever that you like to Champagne, Remy, or a little bit of Sky Blu Yeah we up in VI, I'm right beside you Scream like you like to You're lucky that I like you So get what you want to Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want [Common] Whatever you want, you know that I want you Be my turntable, lemme spin somethin' on you It's the good life, that I wanna loan you You know what its like for you to come home to Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want [Kanye West] Now as soon as I change up Everybody else tryna step they game up Won't they, don't they, will they, nah Still niggas feel Ye So do whatever y'all want, whats the deal  Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want Whatever you want, want, want, want, want, want, want [Kid Cudi] I see them hoes over there they ain't you And all the superficials want to trade your shoes I see and never mind everything they might say Baby girl sex good as well as the BJs And a nigga can't front [John Legend] Hey girl, we gon live it up tonight Hey girl, welcome to the Grammy life Hey girl, you know hows this goes Doesn't get old, centerfold Is all I know Whatever you want la la la la Whatever you want La la la la la la La la la la The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Kid Cudi Album: The Blueprint 3 Song: Already Home Typed by: dolladascholar@gmail.com Yeezy !!! Hova !!! Let's Go Yeezy !! Hova !! [2X] Love me or leave me alone Either love me or leave me alone [Chorus: Kid Cudi] Ohhh, they want me to fall (fall) Fall from the top (top) They want me to drop (drop) They want me to stop (stop) They want me to gooo (goooo) I'm already gone (already) The shit that I'm onnn I'm already homeeee [Jay-Z] Hey, I'm already home Hey I'm already home Hey, I'm already home now one mo' gin [Verse 1: Jay-Z] These niggas want me to go Don't they know that I'm gone? They know I'm space shuttle level They need ox-y-g-g-g-gen Don't they know that they borin'? Don't they know that I yawn Only time they excitin' is when they're mentionin' Shawn You seen "Single White Female" when she dyed her hair blond? Sometimes I look at these rappers, the movie remind me of them Somebody turn these boys off Don't they know that I'm on Can't they see that it's foolish to try to kill me with songs? WTF are they Lauryn? you "Killing Me Softly" You talk me to death, only thing you could do to him I opened the door for them, what else could I do? These niggas want me to walk for them But somebody talk to them before I go off on them... [Verse 2: Jay-Z] I taught 'em 'bout fishscale, they want me to fish for them They want me to catch, clean... and cook up the dish for them All of this just for them or they got a diss for him They want me to disappear, like it's gon' shift for them They say that I'm in the way, they want me to sit for them But what they admitting is, they ain't got shit for him And really the fact is, we not in the same bracket not in the same league, don't shoot at the same baskets Don't pay the same taxes, hang with the same bitches So how am I in the way, what is it I'm missin'? Nigga I been missin', nigga I been gone The shit that you just witnessin' end, I been on And as for the critics, tell me I don't get it Everybody could tell you how to do it, they never did it Now these niggas is mad, oh, they call me a camel But I mastered the drought, what the fuck, I'm an animal Half man, half mammal My sign is a Sag, this is just what I planned to do Oh don't be maddddd [Verse 3] I'm in the Hall already, on The Wall already I'm a work of art, I'm a Warhol already On another level, on another plane already H-O-V, I got my own lane, already (already) ..I done cooked up "The Roc" already So why the fuck can't y'all get hot already? (already) Put your name in the pot already Niggas compare me with Biggie & 'Pac already (already) Like I'm gone already And I am, nigga I'm "Already Home" already (already) If y'all can't already see I ain't worried bout y'all cuz I'm already me Yea...do you already Enough with the complainin', boo-hoos already ...Eat food already Ain't nothin' given, you gotta claim your shoes already Yea So information, I don't know who you racin' I'm already at the finish line with the flag wavin' c'mon [Chorus: 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & Kanye West f/ Kid Cudi Album: Watch the Throne Song: Illest Motherfucker Alive Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*starts at the 3:00 mark with an instrumental interlude after a 3-minute silence*} [Intro: Kanye] Oh man, uh-oh 1985 white Lamborghini Countach, 2 of 'em [Chorus: Kanye West] I need a slow motion video right now Cause I'm movin in - slow motion, slow motion Feelin like Hype Williams shootin a nigga Shootin a nigga, ay hey hey I need a slow motion video right now Ay, ay... [Kanye West] Damn baby, pussy can't be your only hustle Unless you bad as Naomi Russell I mean a lot of niggaz got money So basically, Russell ain't the only Russell Russell Brand, Russell Crowe Zero zero zero zero, a whole lotta 0's What you after, actor money? You in line behind currency, yeah you after money Bullet-proof condom, when I'm in these hoes Got staples on my dick, why? Fuckin centerfolds Heh, and I swear to God they so cold Got a nigga in Miami wearin winter clothes I got my fur on, feelin like Jerome She got her fur too, we get our his and her on Don't look at the jewelry, or get your blur on Too close, you comatose, so dope you over-dose Get back you over-close, oh no The hood was stuntin then I blessed 'em with that Polo Niggaz is makin music and then my first solo Collo' Dro-lo, sponsored by Manolo She got Zeppi Notos, ready for some photos Yeah, and I'm cold, bitch please try to keep the do' closed Lanvin thousand dollar tee with no logos Let me show you what I see when my eyes closed [Jay-Z] Take it how you want 'til a nigga dead [Kanye] 'Til then, I'm the illest motherfucker aliiiiive [Jay-Z] Yeah, yeah, uh-huh; whole world aimin at a nigga head [Kanye] Because I'm the illest motherfucker aliiiiive [Jay-Z] Yeah, yeah, uh-huh, hol' up! King Hov', I'm exactly what the fuck you think 11 in a row, Bill Russell rings Michael Jordan swag, y'all think Michael Jordan bad Nigga I got five more rings than Michael Jordan had Elvis has left the building now, I'm on The Beatles' ass Niggaz hear "Watch the Throne," yeah, it's like The Beatles back Bey Bey my Yoko Ono, Rih Rih completes the family Imagine how that's gon' look front row at the Grammy's Fuck your awards like Eddie Murphy's couch "The Roc is in the building, we shoulda stayed in the house! I don't even know what we doin here" Seems to me a complete waste of gear Just a fuckin waste of time, a complete waste of bottles Niggaz fashion is weak, they be wastin all the models Got the over-sized Roley, let me show thee how to do it When I say it then you see it, it ain't only in the music Basquiat's, Warhol's, servin as my muses My house like a museum so I see 'em when I'm peein Usually you have this much taste you European That's the end of that way of thinkin, nigga never again Know when to leave when the +Heat+ is comin, I learned that This is where DeNiro would be, if he ain't turn back Fuck Sosa, this Hova, this is real life That is what the endin of "Scarface" should feel like! [Kid Cudi] I'm movin in slow motion, slow motion {*5X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kreayshawn f/ Kid Cudi Album: Somethin' Bout Kreay Song: Like It or Love It Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Kreayshawn] I got strawberry letter 27 I got gold bananas engraved With my grandmothers title signature What you got? I got me a bunch of haters Got me a bunch of faders Be like sayonara see ya laterrr Jordan's on with the 808 drum And you bitches can't get none, I'm just so done Don't say shit though, say you know? No one know you I'm in your city like a mayor ho, I lead by example Your ho lives by dismantel Don't tell a soul what we did just keep it stable I'm dope, you're on dope Get it? Run and get the phone and you can't call for better I was on the phone tellin' bitches that I'm wetter I killed it once, I killed it twice and no I don't regret it What u doin'? Do just what you do You like it and then you love it Alright Do just what you do What u doin'? Do just what you do You like it and then you love it Alright What u doin'? Do just what you do You like it and then you love it Alright What u doin'? Do just what you do You like it and then you love it Alright Do just what you do Alright [Kid Cudi] Lookin to trip, not really just lookin' for clues I'm so important that when I buy shoes it's news Custom perches might make bitches take off their shoes How could I not, if I didn't then I wouldn't be scott Broken hearted it slowly rots, I hope she knows that hardees sucks I'm goin back up, don't summon me again unless your ready for the pain You better step up, when you see me in the box, believe ib ball mayne Mags on mags on mags I don't have to push motherfucker whos bad Don't give a fuck about much, I'm cool and calm just like my dad Niggas wanna live like us, niggas wanna floss like us Fuck a bitch good like us, cool the cartier like us Cruise all night with me, niggas really in paris [Kreayshawn] I be on that power Maybe on that powder All these bitches yeah thay my bastards They my bastards They my bastards Tell Ron Hubbard 50, I'm like WTF! Outside raining kitties, my doctor knows whatup! I be provin' last dance, I'm the only one In hte sky high shinin' demon like the fuckin' sun Throw my shades now I'm off on a world tour Get less but a mind wanna give more Boom boom for my girls on the dance floor Pour some for the people, they work hard Closer than her body, she's throwin a big party She's inviting Cudi, we beat it 'til it's bloody The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Kid Cudi Album: More Malice Song: That Tree Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Verse One] [Snoop Dogg] Snoopy Is what they say as if they knew me Groupies, on my head like a cufi My nigga Kid Cudi That's my little buddy Call some hoe's up and get some cutty cutty What yo life like? Mine's is kinda tight A long way from hustlin' That china white My people love, the fans love me I'm all go If you ain't showin' love, then what did you call fo'? I don't need it in my life, my kids pay the price So alike and in need of my wife, smoke till I'm gone Dog on the throne  I'm world-wide known I'm a boss in the zone I get it how I get it cause I can, I earn my spot You see the plans, I'm just fuckin' with my fans I turned out to be the better man, important to life You understand while I'm puffin' on this grand [Chorus] [Kid Cudi] Everything I'm havin', no there ain't necessity Though I'm shining, keep on grindin'  What you see ain't all of me Though I keep them hoe's, don't love them hoe's The code in which y'all roll It's so simple what I need You know I keep my fam and I can't forget that tree Nah nah nah nah nah nah I can't forget that tree Nah nah nah nah nah nah I can't forget that tree Nah nah nah nah nah nah I can't forget that tree Nah nah nah nah nah nah nah Nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah [Verse 2: Kid Cudi] I get my fam dawg, look at my niggas Got a little money y'all, and I ain't trippin' Most days I'm faded, feeling ex-rated Steady wantin' freaky hoes, then I want a lady Holdin' the fam down and my close homie The peoples who were there, when some sucka left me lonely Phony, when you see a nigga don't approach me Made it to the top baby, that's on me Koch trying to claim that they made me However you feel, another real fugazzi I keep it one hundred, never frontin', don't need be I'm in another zone, no place for pussy, my nigga Conyo to haters that don't know, low pro, how a nigga like from costo The one fans loved, who was always approachable, yo And I rep the double O, smokin', eatin' Cheerios [Chorus] [Kid Cudi] Everything I'm havin', no there ain't necessity Though I'm shining, keep on grindin'  What you see ain't all of me Though I keep them hoe's, don't love them hoe's The code in which y'all roll It's so simple what I need You know I keep my fam and I can't forget that tree Nah nah nah nah nah nah I can't forget that tree Nah nah nah nah nah nah I can't forget that tree Nah nah nah nah nah nah I can't forget that tree Nah nah nah nah nah nah nah Nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah [Verse 3:] Can't forget it, they made me who I am, a king And I'm still on the scene you gotta love it All out in public The people want to touch it I need a blunt with the stuffin' Nigga, it's nothin' for me to chill out, post up at the house With Madden on the screen and smash on the homies Hollywood nice now Everyone on me and on the blogs talk shit like they know me Aww fool, take you niggas to school "How to get rich and stay cool" Snoopy D O Dub show you homie Even with the critics and Feds all on me I was tappin' all the choanies Dog, but my folks call me Snoopy Boss dogg nigga sue me Pony tail swangin' as I lay in the jacuzzi Love of my life while I'm puffin' on the oww wee [Chorus] [Kid Cudi] Everything I'm havin', no there ain't necessity Though I'm shining, keep on grindin'  What you see ain't all of me Though I keep them hoe's, don't love them hoe's The code in which y'all roll It's so simple what I need You know I keep my fam and I can't forget that tree Nah nah nah nah nah nah I can't forget that tree Nah nah nah nah nah nah I can't forget that tree Nah nah nah nah nah nah I can't forget that tree Nah nah nah nah nah nah nah Nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah [Outro:] Snoop Dogg in the house tonight blowing that Laker Crip that I know you like, right? Kid Cudi, my nephew, blaze that shit right now would you? Would you? Right? Snoop Dogg in the house tonight blowing that Laker Crip that I know you like, right? Kid Cudi, my nephew, blaze that shit right now my nigga, right? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Kid Cudi, Kanye West Album: No Mercy Song: Welcome to the World Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [T.I. - Intro] Yeah~! Aye Ye? Why don't you let me welcome these niggaz to the world they ain't welcome to, ya understand? It bring me great pleasure to welcome the real and banish the fake No big mouth that hold cake, fag bait ass niggaz allowed But to everybody else [Chorus: Kanye West, Kid Cudi] + (T.I.) I would like to welcome you to the world of (world of) Fast money, fast cars, big diamond rings, chief chains and the girls of (girls of) Fake smiles, broken hearts and if you looking for your real love You won't find it here If you looking for your real love Well goodnight my dear  Oooh, if you looking for real love  Don't come around here  Oooh, if you looking for real love  It ain't here my dear  Mmmmm mmmmm  Move ooooooon [T.I.] It's my pleasure to welcome you to the world of Fast money, flashy cars, big guns, undone, threw away for the love of The game, I don't need a chain or the fame Still shine, spend time with the girls of Fake smiles, broken hearts trying hard in the club looking for her real love You won't find it here All I got is hard dick and conversation for you I was just high, even lying when I say I love you My mind saying it were both, I just wanna fuck you, her too Blowing Lyle, smelling like a Bubba Kush perfume She coming home with me, she finna meet her doom She ain't sayin I'm the greatest? Finna change her tune The coldest and the hottest call me December June Deliver euphoria straight to your room I hit that ass, and I wait, I zoom Make it rain non-stop call me young typhoon Top spot already filled up no room Thought I would put some paper in your purse so soon Well wrong she is and mistaken she was Tip broke? Never heard no such thing of I'll fuck you up, don't touch me cuz Just trust me bruh, it must be Li-li-li-living my dreams, don't wake me up Yo-yo-you fake it till you make it, must suck All th-th-the haters hate us for the flav of the paper Th-th-that's why I can't love my neighbors Da-da-dangerous, don't kick, cut you If you ain't welcome in my world, bitch fuck you! Da-da-dangerous, don't kick, cut you You ain't welcome in my world, bitch fuck you! [Chorus: Kanye West, Kid Cudi] + (T.I.) I would like to welcome you to the world of (world of) Fast money, fast cars, big diamond rings, chief chains and the girls of (girls of) Fake smiles, broken hearts and if you looking for your real love You won't find it here If you looking for your real love Well goodnight my dear  Oooh, if you looking for real love  Don't come around here  Oooh, if you looking for real love  It ain't here my dear  Mmmmm mmmmm  Move ooooooon [Kanye West] I would like to welcome you to the world of Fake bitches, no love, what the fuck you take me for? Show love - I hate haters in the club You must not really know where I come from Exactly where my heart or you would never, never, NEVER UGH, where do I start? People ask me shit about Illuminati First off - FUCK that mean? "He loved Jesus when he he he was worse off" Oh I see, when they, think a nigga is, stupid rich People just start coming up with stupid shit! Man shit - I could never predict Hold up, let me hit you with this Rolling in a Bugatti with four chains is some foolishness Yeah, yeah, yeah, that'd be the shit They'd rather see a nigga locked up, why? For stupid shit Look how they did my nigga Tip Soon as Wayne get out, Tip go in Wonder why the nigga wanna make the clip go in Wonder why it so hard when it get going Hold ya head my niggaz the system is Made to make niggaz fall, made to make niggaz fail Especially if you ball, they don't take niggaz well Na-nah, you can't come through flying in a, in a Bentley shining I'm in the back, backseat driving Screaming on a nigga like I'm actually driving [Chorus: Kanye West, Kid Cudi] + (T.I.) Welcome you to the world of (world of) Fast money, fast cars, big diamond rings, chief chains and the girls of (girls of) Fake smiles, broken hearts and if you looking for your real love You won't find it here If you looking for your real love Well goodnight my dear  Oooh, if you looking for real love  Don't come around here  Oooh, if you looking for real love  It ain't here my dear  Mmmmm mmmmm  Move ooooooon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wale f/ Kid Cudi Album: Ambition Song: Focused Typed by: Cedmaster3K [Intro: Kid Cudi] Shawty no jokin'... And I'm hopin'... 'Cuz I'm not slowin'... Gotta just keep on rollin'... [Chorus 2X: Kid Cudi] I'm joking (young boy movin' fast...) And I'm hoping (prayin' that I don't crash...) (All I know is) I'm not slowing... Gotta just keep on rolling; gotta keep at it, gotta stay focused [Wale] Only live once, I'mma live mine up, fill up the plug, lemme light my blunt I don't really know what the fuck's in my cup but a couple shots of it got a nigga on stuck I'm just here to have a good time, a little white chick, a little white wine Out of town, spent a couple nights at TAOs, smokin' weed in the suite 'til we out of towels And don't bother me, high as shit from my broccoli Fly as shit for no goddamn reason and y'all aight but y'all not like me MMG and that's my clique, that's BOA, see that's my set CDG shit match my kicks, an apostrophe I'm behind that S Or the black Beemer back to pick me up, backwood, the tree I'm ashin' out See I be kicking my raps good, with or without sales; I'm killing these blackheads, my rap is Noxema Light it up for a nigga, one or two hoes ain't enough for a nigga One or two bottles ain't enough for a nigga, Red Berry everywhere, got Puff getting jealous [Wale] One night love: I'mma need that, he could own that, shawty, I'mma lease that I'mma put you in the game where your cleats at, I'mma sign that work and release that I don't be where the crabs or police at, I just be where the cash and the freaks at Smoking Green Bay nigga, I'm a cheesehead in a Lambo, see me where the G's at Ha, ha, 10K in my camos, word, 10 Js and I can't move Shades: LV was a little dough; I'm going hard for the days I was piss poor And go hard cause I feel it's only right to, Maybach, G.O.O.D music: the right move Girls say everything that I write smooth, fuck rap, I'm getting pussy off a Haiku One time for the girls with the right shoes, fuckin' with a dude probably the right move Two times for the chicks with the right bag, if it's right tonight, I might bite that 3 times, show me your peace sign, not with your hand girl, open your knees out! Look, money what we 'bout, stuntin' when we out; Double M-G - out! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Big Sean, Drake, Kid Cudi, Lil Wayne, Rihanna Album: All of the Lights (Remix) (single) Song: All of the Lights (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {Lil Wayne flickers lighter} (Liiiiights, liiiights - All of the lights!) [Lil Wayne] Lights on, I see your face She eat me up, she got expensive taste I see you dreamin, but you still awake Big slices, that's how you cut the cake It's cold as hell, I show and tell Weezy home, our nigga outta jail! In this give or take world I got what it takes Put you out your misery -- Kathy Bates I'm Young Money, I'm Cash Money If we could buy time, I'd spend my last money Now I'm spendin time, you in the blind This little light of mine, I'ma let it shine (ALL OF THE LIGHTS) Bright lights, night lights, headlights  SHH! No lights, but them infra-red lights Yeah, long life, don't like to ask twice You killin me baby, this the past life [Chorus: Rihanna] (ALL OF THE LIGHTS) Turn up the lights in here, baby Extra bright, I want y'all to see this Turn up the lights in here, baby You know what I need, want you to see everything Want you to see all of the lights [Big Sean] Okay now, ready, set, go, go, go, go Go-go 'til you can't go no mo' I'm ill times ill, dope plus dope "Westside bitch~!" Quote/unquote Whoa there boy, don't go there hoe If you cross that line I might overload I swear these lights-lights-LIGHTS be talkin to me but I can't read Morse Code Why every rapper name Big got bodied, huuuh? But every rapper name Sean got money, oooooohh Well, I guess my chances are 50/50 But my vision is 20/20, so I'll be countin a hundred hundreds' (ALL OF THE LIGHTS) Like oh, my Allah, Lordy Lordy Lordy I took yo' chick, now you want beef  and I am just chucklin like I'm Porky 'Cause you spend all day with her spoonin (What?) Just spent all night with her forkin There's a one-way ticket to Hell and they want these bullets to book it for me, man I'm shittin on every statistic that said I'd be dead or fuckin broke This is history, your kids' kids' kids' kids' kids gon' book report me Whaaaat, whaaaat -- and I think they want to murder me I'm shinin hard, 'cause bitch I'm an emergency! [Big Sean talking over Chorus]  B-I-Good-G I do it... Yeah! [Alicia Keys] (Elton John) Ooh-whoa-ooh-whoooooooa, ooh-whoa-ooh-whooooooooa-ohh (I tried to tell you but all I can say is ohhh-oh) Ooh-whoa-ooh-whoooooooa, ooh-whoa-ooh-whooooooooa-ohh [Big Sean singing over Keys' and John part] You know a nigga so good, so goooood  Westside, so hood I do it.. [Drake] Uh! Bad decisions, good intentions, man I'm ridin, Weezy with me  I just stepped out of the strip club, made $5,000 look like $50 I spend all my time in Houston, smoke that kush, but I don't do Whitney I don't do Britney, I don't do Lindsay, I made two million since last Wednesday And I HATE y'all! Y'all got too much free time Sayin I ain't drop shit, everything'll be fine Worryin 'bout yo' old girl, tryna see if she's mine Nigga, she's with me when she tells you she needs some "me" time It's our time, so FUCK y'all~! I'm really 'bout to go Spring Break now, start takin shots in this muh'fucker And you ain't really have all that ass last month girl What, you get some shots in that muh'fucker? Yeah, we got the Roc in this muh'fucker You thought niggaz was goin pop in this muh'fucker? Uh, Young +Money, Power, Respect+ in this bitch You would think we got The Lox in this muh'fuckeeeer! I made mistakes, I made some bread I even made a way for them to get ahead To my surprise, nobody replacin me "Take Care" and "Carter IV," it won't be long 'til they can see the LIGHTS! (Lights on, turn the lights on)  And I'm on one, I got one You a pussy nigga, I'm not one So call it a night, call it a night (Lights on, turn the lights on)  And I run this, y'all know that I take the purple and po' that All in the Sprite, all in the Sprite, hahaha!  [Kid Cudi] (Drake) Gettin miiiiiiiiiine, baby (Yeah!) Gotta let these niggaz knooooooow, yeah  (Shout out to my nigga Cudi, too! That's my motherfuckin nigga f'real) Get it riiiiiiiiiight, ay You should go and get your own, yeah (Shout out to Cole!)  (Nigga got a buzz now, fuck y'all niggaz, man I'm HERE!) [Fergie] This time-time-time-time-time-time-time-time-time Time-time-time-time-We're goin all the way this time Time-time-time-time-time-time-time-time-time Time-time-time-time-We're goin all the way this time (ALL OF THE LIGHTS) Time-time-time-time-time-time-time-time-time Time-time-time-time-We're goin all the way this time Time-time-time-time-time-time-time-time-time Time-time-time-time-We're goin all the way this time (ALL OF THE LIGHTS) [Instrumental and ad-libs 'til fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ John Legend, Kid Cudi, Lloyd Banks, Pusha T, Ryan Leslie Album: Christian Dior Denim Flow 12" Song: Christian Dior Denim Flow Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus: John Legend and Kid Cudi] I got the world in my hands, the master plan But I don't why I keep calling, why I keep All of these girls at my shows, they loving me But I don't know why I keep calling, why I keep calling you "All the models to the floor right now  All the models to the floor right now, what? Huh?  All the models to the floor right now  All the models to the floor right now, huh?" [Kanye West] I'm in my Christian Dior with a Veronica Webb Noemie Lenoir, Chanel, Sessilee Lopez Arlenis Sosa, Selita Ebanks If you work with my people, speak that Jourdan Dunn language Make a phone call out to Joan Smalls I wonder how it feel to lower/Lara Stone's walls? Jessica Gomes y'all, I would damage her and see if Jessica Stam got the stamina I'm in the car with Leo and the Benz swerve I heard that Bar was friends with Esti Ginzburg Coco Rocha, Kate Mimosa Alessandra Ambrosio, Anja Rubik, get Olga Kurylenko, tell her I'm very single Abbey Lee too, I'm a freak boo I'm whylin', I'm on a thousand I wanna see Irina Shayk next to Doutzen [Kanye West] Christian Dior denim flow I told her I'm tryna eat out, so what we going to dinner for? [Pusha T] Miami nights on the search for some T and A Tryna hide what's obvious to see in me We conversate a bit about your DNA and my salmon-colored suit from the VMAs Oh you was watching? Who the fuck wasn't? Me skip across that stage in five-dozen Yeah, six grand for a minute's time Italian Vogue styled a nigga for a minute rhyme Let's be clear and let's be fair The best thing in music's being offered here It's a round table full of bosses here Still giving you it all like the coffin's near "All the models to the floor right now  All the models to the floor right now, what? Huh?  All the models to the floor right now  All the models to the floor right now" [Ryan Leslie] It's time for a lesson in model behaviour Damn, look at all the bad bitches I gave ya Man, I can see the flaws to your flavor Look like Wonder Woman and still need a savior Maybe it's a billionaire, maybe it's that cocaine I done seen drugs and money run the whole game A good girl lost in the city life Agent Provocateur holding titties right I'm haute couture of hoes galore Give my girl a Newport cause she's smoking yours I'm the authority of model seniority They call me +Les'+ but they all need more of me [Lloyd Banks] Uh, he ain't Kraft material, champagne for cereal Shorty stole my heart, criminal my lucky charm Fly clothes and Lear shows, type of stuff we on Stuff all my problems in that bong and I'm puffing strong I've been locked in my way of thinking, now my cuffs are gone Must have been the liquor talking, I'm begging the cups "c'mon" Might come off as irregular, I come in custom form T-G-I-F GT breeze, my hustler's poem My sound's full grown, reminds me of my favorite chronic (kush) +Ball+ like a Super Sonic, make the haters vomit Nigga make some money 'fore you make a comment I meant to snap a while ago, but who knows where the time went? Probably dime chicks, whips with a Diddy Now I'm back like a nine millie running New York City See me clearly through the storm The world's mine, sits pretty in my palm Chandon as we continue on [Kid Cudi] Niggas think they know I'm the guy with the story They don't really know what's in my head, fucking with me How can I be better? I could start with just the basics Still on Dior galore, I love the cut~! I seem to have forgotten that I'm off the nini To the people who don't know Cud', know what? Rose-gold Presidential on my boney wrist Took my ma to Chanel, had her LC the stunner She got haters, some in the fam made us But they don't really matter, we escaping with our paper "Hey Ya" I'm on my Andre 3000 I'm all good now, a nigga don't need no counselling Woke up in the room and my mojo was active Looks from the hoes that were more than likely passive Back when, let me not reflect on the old shit I'm onto the new act, onto my new script Bitches better have they thoughts before approaching I done heard it all, baby save it for them other niggas Do things all before living, haters copy, I'm the image Haters copy, I'm the image Artist: (Kanye West f/) Kid Cudi Album: G.O.O.D. Music: Cruel Summer Song: Creepers Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kid Cudi] Yeah, I see you waitin over there See you jockin over there See you lookin at my girl over here Why you worried 'bout this girl over here? Keep your eyes over there, it is creepy when you stare Turn my head and hey I see you waitin over there I see you jockin over there Thinkin bout your own life Why you talkin 'bout the young, you dig? I'm just doin my thang, if you know what I mean, get it right And they think they know and they think they know They deal it for real I'm just doin my thang, if you know what I mean, get it right And they think they know, and they think they know They deal it for real I'm just doin my thang, if you know what I mean, yo I don't love who I am so I'm workin on a fix I don't need a bitch trying to take my mind off my grip If I had one wish it'd be to have more wishes, duh Fuck tryin to make it rhyme, throw them stones, with your bitch ass Cutting me deep and even though I bleed I stand alone Alone I'll be, heart of a lion still shining on your sucka ass Work it, work it, work it, for inner peace Fightin for the freedom of my soul, I can hear the speech Yeah I mumble while I'm trippin on so many pills Hah, they figured that they know a nigga Yeah, I see you waitin over there See you jockin over there See you lookin at my girl over here Why you worried 'bout this girl over here? Keep your eyes over there, it is creepy when you stare Turn my head and hey I see you waitin over there I see you jockin over there Thinkin bout your own life Why you talkin 'bout the young, you dig? I'm just doin my thang, if you know what I mean, get it right And they think they know and they think they know They deal it for real I'm just doin my thang, if you know what I mean, get it right And they think they know, and they think they know They deal it for real I'm just doin my thang, if you know what I mean, yo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Kid Cudi, Raekwon Album: My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy Song: Gorgeous Typed by: cody_brewster_225@hotmail.com [Kid Cudi] Ain't no question if I want it, I need it I can feel it slowly drifting away from me I'm on the edge, so why you playing? I'm saying I will never ever let you live this down, down, down Not for nothing I've forseen it, I dream it I can feel it slowly drifting away from me No more chances if you blow this, you bogus I will never ever let you live this down, down, down [Kanye West - Verse 1] Penitentiary chances, the devil dances and eventually answers to the call of Autumn all of them fallin' for the love of ballin' get caught with 30 rocks, the cop look like Alec Baldwin intercentury anthems based off inner city tantrums based off the way we was branded face it, Jerome get more time than Brandon and at the airport they check all through my bag and tell me that it's random but we stay winning, this week has been a bad massage I need a happy ending and a new beginning and a new fitted and some job opportunities thats lucrative this the real world, homie, school finished they done stole your dreams, you dunno who did it I treat the cash the way the government treats AIDS I won't be satisfied til all my niggas get it, get it? [Kid Cudi] Ain't no question if I want it, I need it I can feel it slowly drifting away from me I'm on the edge, so why you playing? I'm saying I will never ever let you live this down, down, down [Kanye West - Verse 2] Is hip hop, just a euphemism for a new religion the soul music of the slaves that the youth is missing this is more than just my road to redemption Malcolm West had the whole nation standing at attention as long as I'm in Polo's smilin' they think they got me but they would try to crack me if they ever see a black me I thought I chose a field where they couldn't sack me if a nigga aint shootin a jumpshot, running a track meet but this pimp is, ar the top of mount Olympus ready for the World's game, this is my Olympics we make ‘em say ho cause the game is so pimpish choke a south park writer with a fishstick I insisted to get up offa this dick and these drugs, niggas cant resist it remind me of when they tried to have Ali enlisted if I ever wasn't the greatest nigga, I must have missed it! [Kid Cudi] Ain't no question if I want it, I need it I can feel it slowly drifting away from me I'm on the edge, so why you playing? I'm saying I will never ever let you live this down, down, down [Kanye West - Verse 3] I need more drinks and less lights and that American Apparel girl in just tights she told the director she tryna get into school he said “take them glasses off and get in the pool” it's been a while since I watched the tube cause like a crip set, I got way too many blues for anymore bad news I was looking at my resume feeling real fresh today they rewrite history I don't believe in yesterday and what's a black Beatle anyway, a fucking roach? I guess thats why they got me sitting in fucking coach but God said I need a different approach cause people is looking at me like I'm sniffing coke it's not funny anymore try different jokes tell ‘em hug and kiss my ass, x and o kiss the ring while they at it, do my thing while I got it play strings for the dramatic ending of that wack shit act like I aint had a belt and two classics I aint got it I'm going after whoever who has it I'm coming after whoever, who has it? you blowing up, that's good, fantastic that y'all, its like that ya'll I don't really give a fuck about it at all cause the same people that tried to blackball me forgot about 2 things, my black balls [Kid Cudi - Chorus] [Raekwon] I done copped Timbs and lived in lenses, kid Armani suits, fresh fruits, Bally boots and Benzes counting up, smoking, one cuff live as a red Jag, a Louis bag, grabbing a blunt, fuck it steam about a hundred and one L's kites off to jails, buying sweats, running up in Stetson nigga hat game was special it matched every black pair of Nikes throwing dice for decimals the older head, bolder head, would train a soldier head make sure he right in the field, not a soldier dead that meant code red bent off the black skunk the black dutch, back of the old shed if you can't live, you dying you give or buy in keep it real or keep it moving, keep grinding keep shining, to every young man, this is a plan learn from others like your brothers Rae and Kanye [Kid Cudi] Not for nothing I've forseen it, I dream it I can feel it slowly dripping away from me no more chances if you blow this, you bogus I will never ever let you live this down, down, down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Kid Cudi, Popcan Album: Yeezus Song: Guilt Trip Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] I need to call it off, I need to make it known 'Nother one, something gone, Capricorn Dancing out on the lawn, fancy like the things she likes She lives her life, I'm living mine [Bridge] All dem a gwaan dem a dem a dem a gwaan Dem a gwaan gwaan gwaan, chop it and spray All dem a gwaan dem a dem a dem a gwaan Dem a gwaan gwaan gwaan, chop it and spray [Verse] Maybe it's cause she into Leos And I was into trios, plus all the trips to Rio Couldn't have helped, it's gettin' cold Better bring your ski clothes, pick it through the keyhole The door locked by myself and I'm feelin' it right now Cause it's the time when my heart got shot down Blocka-blocka, blocka, blocka-blocka, blocka Pour a little champagne, cranberry vodka Feelin' lied to like parents never said you adopted Your feelings like Zulu, then nothing is a Shaka I hit her with Jamaican dick, I'm the new Shabba She lookin' for her daddy, call me Big Poppa On to the next saga Focus on the future and let the crew knock her Star Wars fur, yeah I'm rockin' Chewbacca The one Chief Rocka, number one Chief Rocka [Bridge: Popcaan] All dem a gwaan dem a dem a dem a gwaan Dem a gwaan gwaan gwaan, chop, chop chop All dem a gwaan dem a dem a dem a gwaan Dem a gwaan gwaan gwaan, chop it and spray None ah dem have the guts to rise it and spray None ah dem have the guts to bust the SK In my mind, in my, in my mind In my mind, mind, mind, mind In my mind, in my, in my mind In my mind, mind, mind, mind In my mind, in my, in my mind Mind, mind, mind [Outro: Kid Cudi] Ohh If you love me so much then why'd you let me go? If you love me so much then why'd you let me go? If you love me so much then why'd you let me go? Let me go, let me go, let me go, let me go If you love me so much then why'd you let me go? Let me go, let me go In my mind, in my, in my mind In my mind, mind, mind, mind In my mind, in my, in my mind In my mind, mind, mind, mind In my mind, in my, in my mind Mind, mind, mind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Big Sean, Common, Kid Cudi, Pusha T, Charlie Wilson Album: G.O.O.D. Friday 12" Song: G.O.O.D. Friday Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Kanye West - Intro] Party people in the place to be You are now in the midst of a real emcee Throw your hands in the air if you real as me OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHWWHHOOOOOOOOO~!!!! [Charlie Wilson] (Kid Cudi) Uh, uh La, la, laaaah La la la-la-lah La la la-la-lah They say, ahhhhh (Are you...) La, la, laaaah (...ready to go?) La la la-la-lah (I know the city gettin ready for me) La la la-la-lah (I know the city gettin ready for me) [Kanye West]  Such an easy mornin, we on a ride And I'm feelin smooth as the way the Benz drive Turn the radio down, if they playin that bullshit They don't want black people think at trial [Common] He think he live, he think he cold He think I'm high, I'm in thinker mode Eyes low, I let the skies hold the thoughts The streets are like the high road that I go across, uh [Kanye West] (Kid Cudi) I mean, my whole team 'bout to smash the streets The Phillip Lim remind them that it's fashion week And the weather wasn't barely hot Did I mention that the sweater was a Jeremy Scott? Did I mention G.O.O.D. Music, yeah forever we hot (Are you...) Motherfucker, are you ready or not? (...ready to go?) [Kid Cudi] I know the city gettin ready for me I know the city gettin ready for me Are you... ...ready to go? I know the city gettin ready for me I know the city gettin ready Are you... ...ready to go? I know the city gettin ready for me I know the city gettin ready [Kanye West] This goes out to the hardcore hip-hop (Can't stop! Yooooooou can't STOP!) This goes out to the hardcore hip-hop (Can't stop! Yooooooou can't STOP!) [Pusha T] As 'Ye flips the piano The mood swings like the change of a channel He's heatin up like they wrapped him in flanel Sellin kilo's through your iPod nano Cocaine vandal, I induct scandal Money drive me crazy look at Marbury's handle Vaseline face reminiscin of my tires Ice cream paint job somethin like Breyers Euro tank top, Dior inspired Sell it to you hard no assembly required EYUGH! I'm 2012 in 2010 Which makes this a time machine not just any biz Floss with the members of the gang with twenty eight While, haters wish death pon me that's many men YEAH! If he slangin on your paper route Stop talkin mothersucker move your paper out!!! [Charlie Wilson] (Kid Cudi) {Big Sean} Ahhhhh (Are you...) La, la, laaaah (...ready to go?) La la la-la-lah (I know the city gettin ready for me) La la la-la-lah (I know the city gettin ready for me) Lemme hear you say, ahhhhh (Are you...) La, la, laaaah (...ready to go?) {Smokin on dat...} La la la-la-lah (I know the city gettin ready for me) {Chokin on dat...} La la la-la-lah (I know the city gettin ready for me) [Big Sean] Now tell me do it feel goooooood? Well, all RIGHT Don't worry, we gon' be here all NIGHT Now you know a nigga rep that Westsiiiiide (Westside!) Westsiiiiide, West-SIDE! So t-t-tell me who the freshest of 'em ALL? They claimin that they fresh, they ain't fresher than my BALLS~! A nigga suited fresh like I'm headed to the ball Emcee huntin season, puttin heads up on the wall I sneak peeked ahead while we headed to the loft Man, I always thought with the head inside my drawls I guess that's why in school, my grades went from As' to Bs' to Cs' All over double Ds' I be absent all week This is for my niggas, all the ones I ride for Man, that's the fam, we let 'em in through the side door ...Hold on, that's the girl you gave a wedding ring? Man, me and my niggas nutted on her everything Haha! [Charlie Wilson] And lemme hear you say, ahhhhhh La, la, laaaah La la la-la-lah La la la-la-lah Lemme hear you say say, ahhhhh La, la, laaaah La la la-la-lah La la la-la-lah [Kanye West] Ay, we promised Now put your hands up to the sky Until the day in that we die Uh, and we'll be here all evening G.O.O.D. Fridays, I hope you have a nice weekend [Kid Cudi - Outro] Are you... ...ready to go? I know the city gettin ready for me I know the city gettin ready Are you... ...ready to go? I know the city gettin ready for me I know the city gettin ready Are you... ...ready to go? I know the city gettin ready for me I know the city gettin ready Are you... ...ready to go? I know the city gettin ready for me I know the city gettin ready The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Jay-Z, Kid Cudi, Curtis Mayfield, Pete Rock, Charlie Wilson Album: My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy Song: The Joy Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Curtis Mayfield - from "The Makings of You"] (Pete Rock) {Charlie Wilson} Add a little sugar (AHHOW~!!)  Honey suckle lamb (Whoo!!) A great big expression of happiness Boy, you could'nt miiiiiiss... {uh-huh...} ...with a dozen roses {eh-eh-eh...uh} (Mr. West) Such would astound you (...Pete Rock) The joy of children laughing around you (Uh) These are the makings of you (Whoo!) [Kanye West] I do it for the forefathers, yeah the street authors That are not A&Rs in a cheap office Rappers that never got signed but they keep offers Girls that's way too fine for us to keep off us (AHHOW!!) Gave her a handshake only for my man's sake She in her birthday suit 'cause of the damn cake Now it's crumbs all over the damn place and she want me to cum all over her damn face I never understood Planned Parenthood 'cause I never met nobody plan to be a parent in the hood Takin refills of that Plan B pill Another shorty that won't make it to the family will If I don't make it, can't take it, hope the family will They ain't crazy, they don't know how insanity feel Don C just had a shorty, so it's not that bad but I still hear the ghosts of the kids I never had [Chorus: Curtis Mayfield - from "The Makings of You"] (Pete Rock) {Charlie Wilson} Add a little sugar (Whoo!!) Honey suckle lamb (C'mon!) A great big expression of happiness (AHHOW!!) Boy, you could'nt miiiiiiss... {uh-huh...} (Uh...) ...with a dozen roses {eh-eh-eh...uh} (Kanye) Such would astound you (...Pete Rock) The joy of children laughing around you (Uh) These are the makings of you (Yeah) [Kanye West] No electro, no metro  A little retro - ahh, perfecto You know the demo, ya boy act wild You ain't get the memo? Yeezy's back in style Now when Rome got Gidget, the other got Bridget What's more tripped out, dawg, is they sisters Nah, you ain't listen, they black - they sistas They momma named 'em after white bitches So next time you see me on your Fallopian Though the jewelry's Egyptian, know the hunger's Ethiopian Stupid questions like, "Is he gon' be dope again? Have you seen him? Has anybody spoke to him?" ...This beat deserves Hennessy and bad bitch, and a bag of weed - the Holy Trinity In the mirror where I see my only enemy Your life's cursed, well mine's an obscenity  [Chorus: Curtis Mayfield - from "The Makings of You"] (Pete Rock) {Charlie Wilson} [Jay-Z] Add a little sugar (Whoo!!)  Honey suckle lamb (C'mon!) [Red lights..] A great big expression of happiness (AHHOW!!) Boy, you couldn't miiiiiiss... {uh-huh...} [Make that thing roll] ...with a dozen roses {eh-eh-eh...uh} (Kanye) Such would astound you (...Pete Rock) [Uh] The joy of children laughing around you (Uh) These are the makings of you (Yeah) [Jay-Z] (AHHOW!!) ...This is my momma shit I used to hear this through the walls in the hood when I was back on my pa-jama shit Afros and marijuana sticks  Seeds and the ganjas had it poppin like the sample that I'm rhymin with Pete Rock, let the needle drop I seen so much as a kid, they surprised I don't needle pop Takin sips of pop, six packs of {?}, Pink Champale Ballentine L, Ballys on my feet help me balance out well That and the shit I used to balance on a scale I got it honest from the parties from my momma's Virgin Marys try to judge her, I'm like, "Where the Madonnas now?" Give all glory to Gloria, they said "You raised that boy too fast", but you was raising a warrior We victorious, they'll never take the joy from us Uh! [Kid Cudi] Keep your hands up, get mine up Don't let them take your fire Keep your hands up, get mine up Don't let them take your fire Keep your hands up, get mine up Don't let them take your fire Keep your hands up, get mine up Yeah... [Pete Rock - Outro] It's Pete Rock... Kanye... One two... Okay... It's Pete Rock... Kanye... One two... Okay... It's Pete Rock... Kanye... One two... Okay... It's Pete Rock... Kanye... One two... Okay... Artist: Kanye West f/ 2 Chainz, Common, CyHi Da Prynce, D'banj, Kid Cudi, Pusha T, Raekwon Album: G.O.O.D. Music: Cruel Summer Song: The Morning Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Stutterin Givin'em rest and makin love again In my best I be the run again And I have the man dem stutterin I'm getting this nigga in the morning He gon think he been chiefin just too long when He see me in the evenin Want to catch all these feelin Well let me be the first to get mine [Raekwon] Aiyyo, aiyyo, barbeque and blow in the back of the crib Sittin'and countin', smoking a spliff, this shit's a gift All my niggas watches is rough Grabbing our crotches yelling "What up?" The jeans cost $500? Fuck Stop it, keep baking, see, the smell it's a statement One freeze of this shit, you won't feel your legs kid I'm a gangsta corporate hustla, my voice is illustrious Hounded by vicious dons, nigga we armed, trust me bruh They yellin Chef, kill the plate with the cooks I say 'Ye with 2 Chainz on, we Common, let's Push Burn another bush, then burn another we brothers Love us or not, the Mark Zuckerbergs of the block Hug a knot, staying rich, we was built for the guap Park the green six deuce on the deuce just props Rock a kilt, mean Glock I'm all machinery, ock Cling to me, now see how the scenery rock yo? [Common] I was born by a late chicken shack and a church That mean the flow got wings and it come from the dirt Golly, I know she wanna test the 'Rari Eye on a dollar like Illuminati Life is foggy, tryin to see through the mist of it Could have been livin it, you was Mrs. Mischievous This is just a letter to better your development Situation delicate [Pusha T] Some claim God body, blame Illuminati All cause his pockets now knotty as his hair  Yeah all Sonny no Cher, only solitaires You clusterfucks could cluster up On tippy-toe and still not muster up so its Ashes to ashes, dust to dust In God we trust, the game is all us Til' the sky calls or its flames on us Push [2 Chainz] 2 Chainz I'm chillin in my camo, flippin through the channel On my G.O.O.D. Music shit, my logo's a Lambo (damn) Four doors of ammo Ammunition I'm pitchin to make your body switch another position [CyHi Da Prynce] I hope the people is listening I could never sell my soul, I gave it back to God at my christening Its tickelin when I hear what haters be whisperin What makes you think an Illuminati would ever let some niggas in? Fake friends and siblings, like to wish you well but ain't never flip the nickel in Haters wanna pull they pistol when they see me in this race car But you can't spell war without an A-R 15 I was pushing carts at K-Mart By 21 they said I'd be inside a graveyard Can't wait to get that black American Express So I can show them white folks how to really pull the race card [Break: D'banj + (Kanye West, Kid Cudi) Yeah, you feelin on top now, getting that money nigga? (You sold your soul) Yeah, you feelin on top now, getting that money nigga? (You sold your soul) Yeah, you feelin on top now, getting that money nigga? (Naw man, mad people was frontin Aw man, made something from nothing) [Kanye West] I treat the label like money from my shows G.O.O.D. would've been God except I added more o's If I knew she was cheatin I'd still've bought her more clothes Cause I was too busy with my Baltimore- you know Some people call that the art of war you know I guess it depends what you fallin for The clothes, cars, money, girls and the clothes Aw money, you sold your soul Nah man, mad people was frontin God damn, we made something from nothin 