The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Act a Fool Song: Act a Fool Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ VERSE 1 ] It's Friday night on the streets of L.A. I'm goin out, been hangin round the house all day So i take me a shower, dress like a big daddy Stop at the Arco, put some gas in my caddy Armor on my wheels, shine up my daytons Check my 12-gauge, I see jackers just waitin Got in my car, rolled up the tinted glass Looked for my Zapp tape to pop in my dash Can't find it, forget it, went under my seat Found my old fired tape of the song "Knee Deep" So I popped it in, then I pumped it up Love hearin funk because disco sucks Body got chills when the basses started poundin I took off because I'm goin to town, and Won't be back till mornin, don't have to go to school (Better get ready) I'm finna act a fool [ VERSE 2 ] Now I'm on the move, got a grand in my pocket Reached for my phone, plugged it in the socket Heard the dial tone, so I dialed up Aladdin He answered the phone and said "What's up?" I said "What's happenin" He said, "Where you been? I been tryin to get in touch The party's in Watts," I said, "I don't give a fuck" "If you wanna go, just wear neutral colors If anybody asks you, just tell em you're my brother" Stopped at the store to buy me a Cisco A 40 ounce and some crackers by Nabisco [Amount] and I pulled out a 10 And said, "Fuck it, Supersacco and gin I'm finna act a fool" [ VERSE 3 ] Now I'm drivin down Compton on my way to get Aladdin Feelin like a pimp till my tape started draggin It's a old tape anyway, it ain't no thing Pulled it out and slapped in Dana Dane Got to Aladdin's house and I honked my horn He said, "When we comin back?" I said, "6 n tha morn" So he got in the car, lookin half-dead So I gave him my Cisco and took the 40 to the head Now I'm feelin tipsy, and I'm headed for Watts But wait, what do I see sittin at the bus stop? Sexy Susanna, had a butt that kills Pretty long hair, but they say it's not real Aladdin yelled (these fake or real?) she threw a rock in my glass So I got out my car and drop-kicked her ass I checked out my window, everything was cool She was lucky I was nice and I didn't act a fool [ VERSE 4 ] We finally arrived at the party, drunk as a jerk Got out my car, pressed the kit so the alarm, would chirp After that we made our way, I tried not to fall Couldn't walk a straight line if they let me crawl Got to the door, and what spots my eye? My homeboy Mr. Prince, and he's smokin some Thai So I stumbled his way and said, "Hey, pass the jay" I took a hit for my mouth spray This girl asked me to dance, but I told the hoe no Cause she was on my tip cause of my big gold rope But it seems she got offended - that's splendid Before she starts somethin, I just slap her and end it Cause I feel like a gangster, and I just don't care About a girl with fake drag, fake eyes, fake hair Fake clothes, fake nails and all that fake jewelry All she wanna do is tell her friends that she screwed me I get nutty, act a fool when IIwant to Run up when I'm drunk and I just might pump you Take your car, your wife, keep talkin, your life Beat you down and have you smokin the pipe (You know why?) cause I'm cool (Well, kill me! Shoot me, muthafucka!) (I gotcha) (Oh goddamn) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ DJ Pooh Album: Act a Fool Song: Ko Rock Stuff Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br (intro) Ko rock stuff(scracth) Dj Pooh: I like to make funky beats and record'em Sell'em to the top MC's that can afford'em Back in the days at school in our pavilion Bangin' on the desk makin' beats worth a million Still in the groove with all the beats I remember Lock in my brain from january to december I don't need a band to get behind and stand "Yo pooh" ,what Rock the beat with you hand(scratch) Pooh plays drums (scratch freestyle) Ko rock stuff (scratch) King tee: Yo Pooh,I've been watchin' you 'cause you're like a master I'm only tellin' them this because I hasta  See,you're unique You got your own physique Style is kinda neat And it comes from the street Complete to fill the room Never out of tune Pooh,show'em what you mean by boom Dj cool Pooh (scratch freestyle) All you wack MC's that say a rhyme that lingers You wack Dj's A.K.A. butter fingers How do you think you can come in competition You're rockin' for fun I'm for real I'm on a mission >From the old school,but I'm not an oldie Just like the mack In fact,call me goldie Rough like an italian who just watched rocky Or return of the wack disc jockey Pooh play drums (scratch) It's smooth and yet it's kinda rough Not your average stuff To be outstanding you must In this profession you're a scientist I'm not lyin' this Beat is so funky It's messin' with my sinus Other procedures should just resign MC's put the L.A. posse in mind Because that's where Pooh's from So let the story be told Everything that he touch (scratch) Ha's sales gold   (scratch) Yo I'm King tee and I do the kool rappin' A funky combination it's hard to imagine Pooh with his cuts and his beats Me with the rhyme and I got a whole heap Of'em,I'm here to talk and Conversate about a kid named Pooh So knowledge this,pay attention I'm referring to you About a genius I think I said enough Pooh you can finish with me Ko rock stuff Ko rock stuff (scratch) Pooh play drums (scratch freestyle) Ko rock stuff (x5) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Act a Fool Song: The Coolest Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [King Tee] Yes yes y'all, it's not a secret no more The King b-boy Tee has been washed ashore And I'm back I'm here to say if I'm a King then I should rule I'm the best for the job, you know why? (WHY?!) Cause I'm cool.. .. see I'm smoother than silk, cooler than an icicle Rough like a bully, I'm rollin like a bicycle Fresh like a virgn calculates like a math wiz You think you're bad? I'ma show you what bad is Microphone magician, it's the end when I start A confidential differential, I'm the state of the art Crowned King b-boy, the elite rap reverand Master of the Ceremony twenty-four/seven MC's don't fear me, I come in peace, ha Drapped in Fila, or either Elise Cause I'm the cool wop dancer, girlies romancer Suckers stay away I'll mess you up like cancer My style is original, not a subliminal You say to yourself there's no one better, than him you know Bustin all bustaz, killin all killers Tacklin MC's like a Pittsburgh Steeler I'm bolder than bold, I wear a lot of white gold The supreme King Tee, I've got things in control Skeezers wanna clock me while I'm on my way to school You don't, have to ask why, you know the reason.. .. he's COOL! {*DJ scratches*} I got a white gold crown, white gold ropes Sleep on white sheets, ski on white slopes Supreme to be exact you know I'm cooler than most When God gave out coolness, I took a whole dose I won't bother or nag you, to rhyme I'll be glad to You thought I couldn't get you but I already had you I know you heard my DJ, is he good or what? Keith Cooley is a killer, your DJ's a mutt I wouldn't try to take him on he'll cut you up like a biologist He'll be the tutor, and I'm the talk-ologist You think he's new, well for you I feel sorry Cause see, he's been around since Uncle Jam's Army Cool impresario, majority ruler I got a lot of money - go ask my jewler Def in the flesh is the cool King Tela I talk more noise than J&D's talk Fila I'm the most coolest and I sit on the throne Givin the latest fashions silver shines like chrome The King your royal highness better known as a cool rider Got a forty of Olde E then I'll ask, let me try this Coolest of cool and my rhymes are essential To see me, guardians have to be parental Me and Keith, are the teachers of the new cool school But not only that, I gotta tell you somethin.. I'm cool! Keith Cooley! {*DJ scratches*} I can't rhyme about crack, I'm not the one to be tellin it The ones sayin don't are the ones that's sellin it I can't cope in other words I can't feel it If crack was a monster, then I'd kill it Cause I'm rough and I'm tough, and I come from L.A. Yo my name is King Tee and I'm here to stay I got the courage of a bull, words of a wizard Hotter than sex, cooler than a blizzard Leader of the land, commander and the chief Bigger and bolder other words I got beef I got a posse at that, mostly, cold chillin Yours make thousands, mines make millions Not at all a gangsta cause I never do crimin I make a lot of money, by just cool rhymin Not doin it cause I want to but I'm doin it cause I hasta Coolest of the cool and plus I rule the rap classes Yeah my stuff is funky, and I'm the rap junkie Slammin sucka punks like a Hurricane Bundy And for the rap race place your bet on the King I run like Quicksilver, fly like I had wings To you it seems like that I'm braggin a lot but I'm saggin a lot, because money I got I'm the MC dismantler, lyrical manipulator Eightball drinker, the new cool innovator I'm King Tee, Keith Cooley is the DJ No fakin or frontin, turntables do what he say Cuttin like a ginsu, makin bets against you The girlies go wild, Keith prove that he can dance to Fila we wear, won't promise or swear Don't get too much comp cause MC's I tear in half, and laugh, cause it's just so hilarious to walk in a jam, and see the most scariest punks in my way, tryin to see how I play I know they eat more rhymes than horses eat hay but I keep my cool cause see like, that's my image Stroll like a gangsta think you lost when I finish Grab me a skeezer, head towards the booth cause I'm not only a King, I'm supreme.. and I'm cool! {*DJ scratches*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Act a Fool Song: Flirt Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (Oh yeah) (Flirt) (flirt) (flirt) (flirt) (flirt)... (Oh yeah) [ VERSE 1: King Tee ] Now girlies, ladies, just stay alert I'm what you call a legitimate flirt And if you don't know how to spell f-l-i-r-King Tee The coolest of the cool, there's no one cooler than me Because I talk to dames with no hesitation I fill their heads with dreams and fascination And when it's time for me to break that bone (Oh yeah) I just wax, then send they ass home (See ya!) Cause I'm a K-i-n-g, no, a p-i-m-p I put pretty girls to work Now if you wanna join my crew You must listen to what I do It's real simple, it's slick and real easy I just (flirt) (Girls will all wanna try)	--> LL Cool J (Flirt) (Oh yeah) [ VERSE 1: King Tee ] Now don't get me wrong, I don't think I'm macho I talk to girls and they get all hot, so I just let em know that I'm a real cool niggaroe Not a tramp, just your average gigolo Close to Casanova, got the knowledge of Farrakhan Stroll like a pimp or a black Don Juan I play my role real cool cause I don't wanna scare em (Oh yeah) I'm recruitin for my King Tee harem Girls try to front messin with the pooh-put I just tell em who I am and knock boots, huh I diss a stunt after smokin a blunt Catch a real fly girl cause they think I'm a hunk But I'm a (flirt) (Thought I was a)	--> Rakim (Flirt) (Oh yeah) [ VERSE 2: King Tee (& DJ Pooh) ] (Now wait a cotton-pickin second, King Tee) What's up? (You're not a better flirt than me) Wha-ha? Who are you? (Pooh, the pimp saga I take the freak to the Snooty or Ramada You take girls to a cheap motel) Sh-shut up (Then run your mouth like Howard Cosell) No, it's not like that, I'm a romancer Skeezers like the way I do the cool dances I got money to spend, I got money to lend And if the girls don't want it, hell, give it to the men I ain't a souped up jerk It's either my way or the highway, the fly way I'm a (flirt) (Oh yeah) (That's right y'all, his name is)	--> Kurtis Blow (Flirt) (It can be done but only I can do it)	-->Rakim (Flirt) (King Tee is) 	--> King Tee (one hell of a)	--> Dimples D (flirt) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Act a Fool Song: Bass Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [King Tee] Yo Pooh, let's.. drop.. some.. Bass, to make the walls shake and vibrate the floor, just like an earthquake King Tee is back again, but with a new topic I wouldn't listen too close cause it's toxic A new format, complete with the tool Even though I transform, I stay cool For me to get taken, how would you figure it Right off the bat, if you thought so would be ignorant or just stupid, or cold dumb I play lead vocals, Pooh plays drums Keith does cuts, suckers get torn but I gotta break, here comes the horns.. {*samples and scratches*} Bass, to make your heart shiver I know you, remember back when I used to wear silver but I gave it a toss, cause I was told that you're not a real b-boy, without real gold so I, went downtown to see how much is the thirty inch dookie It's quite a bit of money for a big gold chain Throw him a thousand then he hand me some change and now I'm cooler, in other words I got it goin Sway to the side, while I'm showin a professional skill that I put together with perfection I gotta clear my throat, punch in the horn section! {*samples*} Cause I need some BOOM, to crack the walls break the windows, shake the room When I'm done take my photo, this is how it go though King of cool lyrics, and I'm solo As a rhyme preacher, shoulda been a teacher Let the bass reach ya, and let it beat ya Never givin up cause I persist to be the dopest I wouldn't take it as a gag or a joke it's serious, bass drum kickin like a ninja You wanna dance to death, (?) send ya If you say that I'm the coolest I'll probably say "Truly!" But at this time I represent Keith Cooley {*samples and scratches*} Verse four, the part where I get it off then, try to rush it cause the studio costs I mean the main idea is BASS and you probably get a bruise when it's at your face, so don't get mad or either angry at me I'm just a lyricist, and my name's Tee The supreme cool kid who puts life in the mic I need bass from a drum, to hell with the pipe! Casanova Fly guy, funky fresh in the flesh and to those who don't you best believe I'm the best If it's fashion I'm flashin, just like the drums {"Hold it now.." - ".. here it kiddy come comes!"} {*samples*} Now Keith! (Yeah) How you livin homes? (L-l-like, like this..) Now everybody in the disco if you're feelin alright and you know King Tee's the MC of the night Don't front, get up, let me know what's happenin Keith does the scratchin for the King Tee's rappin I'm from Compton though, I travelled the nation and from every different state I get different condescation I'm the {k-k-king..} so just give me some space Back up and just let {cool drop that bass!} {*scratches*}  {cool drop that bass!} {*samples*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Act a Fool Song: Let's Dance Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (Ladies and gentlemen) (King Tee is back again) (Play that beat) (Let's dance I know you got the feeling Let's dance Come on and get down)		--> Sweet Tee [ VERSE 1: King Tee ] Now what I want y'all to do is... Think of this, then relax yourself Then add to the pressure felt I want all of y'all to motivate your self-esteem Then pinch (Ouch...) See, this ain't no dream It's the King, and I came to the place to Start the party, give a little taste to Suckers, punks and souped up chumps They ought to know now, I love rappin to funk So I recommend this, I insist this Get out your seat before you all miss this Dancin tune made to rock the room Grab a partner (Come on!) and swoon To the right, and I might Say a little rhyme, so suckers, don't bite Grab yourself a girl while I freelance No mumbo jumbo, so handle that and... (Let's dance I know you got the feeling Let's dance Come on and get down) [ VERSE 2: King Tee ] Back once more with somethin funky They tried to beat me and tried to punk me But - it couldn't happen Never, no way, no how, so don't be actin Souped just because you're down with the group I sit on your face and I poop But don't get me wrong, I'm not that type of fellow I like to make people dance, and I tell ya I could be a choreographer, a teacher A producer, or a preacher More like a pro cause I do my trade well I got a formula, but I can't tell But what I wanna do is make you swing To a funky beat brought by a King So you know what to do, take a chance Grab a freaky-deaky and... (Let's dance I know you got the feeling Let's dance Come on and get down) (Let's dance) (Where's the party at? The party's over here!) (Compton) (Where's the party at? The party's over here!) (Compton) (Let's dance I know you got the feeling Let's dance Come on and get down) (Do the hoochie-coochie) (Fellas, I'm ready to get up and do my thang Doin it, you know?)	--> James Brown The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Act a Fool Song: Guitar Playin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pooh] Hey King Tee since this beat is kinda rockin I'ma let you rap and get the suckers cold clockin So yo loc', hear the beat I'm displayin (Yep) But now - "listen to the gui-tar playin" {*E. Sermon*} "listen to the guitar playin" {*E. Sermon*} "One, two, three.." [King Tee] Yo, now if you're hip to me, then I guess you heard "Bass" but I got another instrument to flaunt in your face It's not a flute or a trumpet, don't beef cause you love it A funky guitar rhythm that Pooh sampled and cut it So for those who really know what dope stuff sounds like If it sounds good, sounds funky, or sounds hype Put your ear to this and let me know what you think Yo Pooh, bust the guitar while I grab me a drink "listen to the gui-tar playin" {*E. Sermon*} "listen to the gui-tar playin" {*E. Sermon*} [King Tee] Now to many people this tune is like fazin Get the crowd dancin with the funkiest persuasion Hypnotizin suckers with some personal-fication Get the crowd movin (c'mon) motivation See I'm like a symbol to MC's I'm a father No wait, I'm a lyricist, better yet a saga Enough about the King cause you know I get far I played with the "Bass" now I'm messin with the guitar And the way that it sounds you say "Shucks!" It can't be real how the player just plucks on the strings, it rings yo, it's like the funkiest rhythm Pooh brings the drums with the sticks to hit 'em It's not ballet jazz punk rock or swing it's dope rappin brought by the T apostrophe King And if I was in school and this was an assignment I wouldn't type it or write it I'd just rhyme it Cause rhyme is what I like I got a metaphor background A punk jumps up, I bust a verse, he sits back down Huh - I wrote a epic, I hope you accept it Fly stupid rhymes I composed and perfected I'm down with some people that know what they're doin Darryl and Bobcat and Dwayne and DJ Pooh and Keith Cooley is cool see, I'm the coolest person Somebody drop the guitar before I start cursin "listen to the gui-tar playin" {*E. Sermon*} "listen to the gui-tar playin" {*E. Sermon*} [King Tee] So, as it looks, the people like it The funky guitar tune that we ignited Pooh, I mean really, suckers be stumblin when they hear the funky guitar strummin You know frankly, I think this cut is kinda musical just like my "Bass" song, but don't get them confused though The guitar gets your mind in the funky kind of state, huh and my bass makes the walls shake (yeah) Suckers can't come close with what I got goin what I be doin, what I be showin How I be conquerin and how I keep rulin What makes the King Tee stay so cool and where I get my Fila's from, how I learned my slang How could I afford such a big gold chain and fly girlies tempt me when (?) wanna hit me Why I drink brew til my body gets tipsy To ask all the questions that I just spoke though It's not magic or a hoax I'm just loco I like bustin on the funky dope track Smooth like T, mo' powerful than a gat Now that you know what's goin around (c'mon) here comes the funky breakdown That's smooth man, that made me laugh at all these suckers man You laughin too Pooh? (ye-ye-yeah, hahahahaha) "listen to the gui-tar playin" {*E. Sermon*} (hahahahaha) "listen to the gui-tar playin" {*E. Sermon*} (hahahahaha) Yo Pooh, yo Pooh, break it down for a minute Let me talk to the party Now yo, me and Pooh is feelin real hot right now y'know But we want y'all to know, that see, me and my crew we from Compton, y'all heard about Compton? Scratch Compton (Compton!) Aight, see that's where we from (Compton!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Act a Fool Song: Payback's a Mutha Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br (Intro) See,not long back when I was seventeen When I walk in the jam Suckers look at me mean They wouldn't give me respect Told girls I was wack You shouldn't have did that brother I'm here for the payback (verse one) They spreaded rumors about the king They said that I was a front All my rhymes are wack All my cuts are bunk They said I live in a slum My father's a bum They said my sister's a crackhead My brother's drinkin' rum But I didn't let it bother me Took my time Sat at the kitchen table Wrote my rhymes And now that I'm eighteen,I'm not a kid no more I could walk in a nightclub and wop across the floor I'm a show you I'm good Make you wish that you could do the things that I do If I could teach you I would See,back then you didn't like me I stayed in your path See my name on a flyer You giggle and laugh Tell people I'm soft when I could really get off You didn't know it,now I show it I'm the Hip Hop boss See,people like you are known for fakin' Frontin' and bluffing and perpetratin' Biting and lyin' and always waitin' For me to come around and see how much I'm makin' See,money I got, 'cause I'm a pro at this trade You thought you got away But you're about to get paid You told girls I was wack Shouldn't have did that brother Look, I'm King tee and my payback's a muther (scratch freestyle) (verse two) As I talk you get madder Because the crowd starts to notice A professional rhymer,yeah,you must know this I'm cooler than most Most of all I'm so cool Never smacked on the crack Because I'm too busy in school See,I just think you're jealous And you envy my style You hear my rhymes,say it's weak But in your mind you're sayin' "wow" Tell people I'm ugly and I got big lips But as I walk by your girl She wanna ride king's tip Going down in fame just remember my name Not a sapoe with a afro A king with a brain If a sucker gets beef And wanna battle,let'em come We'll discuss it over lunch And drink some one-fifty-one After that I set a trap Even though I feel tipsy The crowd starts to clap And I ain't even got busy I'm great Some even say I'm a genius You said my crew was wack You haven't even seen us So I'll get you back Can't survive too long Tellin' lies about the king But I could take it I'm strong Got a Emmy in rap for usin' my cool strategy Rappin' was nominated to get a Academy The girlies I get,suckers probably get mad at me But I don't care King tee is the baddest,see Fila's my trademark I'm going for a medal Letting off some steam Like fire to the kettle Sportin' real gold and a baseball cap You better look out punk I'm here for the payback (scratch freestyle) (verse three) See,I'm macho supreme Head honch of the team Numero uno Kadafi of the Hip Hop scene I could be a cool rebel I'm already tuff Dominate rap artist Never spoke on a bluff Down and I'm hard When I'm rockin' I'm smooth I get a trophy for mostly doin' B-Boy moves Affiliated with a posse Let me go down to the list Scotty Dee,Keith Cooley And cold crush Chris Vatchiek's a pro He's also down with the krew The master mind of the drum Dj Cool Pooh If you ever get souped up You'll look like a poot butt You'll ask me to stop And I ask you to do what I won't stop till I paid you back By the time I'm through with you You'll wanna smoke some crack Because I'm the King tee There is no other Ya better get ready My paybacks a muther (scratch freestyle) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ MC Breeze, Mixmaster Spade Album: Act a Fool Song: Just Clowning Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash .. "It's the joint!" [King Tee] Yo whassup, it's King Tee on the vocals I rock the coolest rhymes, from here to Acapulco I drive a Cadillac, not a played out DeSoto Look I'm fin' to pose, photographer take my photo Cool is back, in fact I'm comin exact It's MC Breeze and King Tee, and Pooh on the track So we all got together, and thought of a freestyle Gather round the stage, and come see how pros go for what they know and get paid for it And I brung along the Breeze, so you can enjoy it .. and to fans I'm an idol It's me and Breeze, "Just Clowning" is the title Get up what's happening? I'm a King, not a Captain Do the most coolest rappin, talk smack I'll be gat'n I'm the King Tee punk, and I don't talk junk But I do smoke blunt, love rappin to funk You know the mic is like a vine I swing on it like Tarzan I drink a Coke and hit a note like Barbara Streisand Step up, fess up, stand around and get down to the song "Just Clowning".. .. "It's the joint!" (repeat 4X) [MC Breeze] Well I happen to be, hopin to be, a big-timer A dope rhyme and you won't find a nother MC who can get with this program Served by no one, I mean no man You say I'm good it's the truth, you're not soupin I take it as a compliment and keep troopin Unlike most you know I never stop flowin My name is MC Breeze cause I'm the master at blowin rhymes and lyrics, that is my specialty I'm high-fidelity, you can't mess with me Don't even think you can just sneak up on bein number one, is a high that I'm stuck on I'm on a mission, wishin, all the time you spend that you would make a legend or a monument I'm not souped up, or a pooh-butt I only lay my voice on a track that Pooh cuts A beat is like food for thought so I eat it I'm feelin kinda hungry Pooh so just feed it Keep the bass poundin I like the way it's soundin Pooh is gettin ill while me and Tee are "Just Clowning" .. "It's the joint!" (repeat 2X) [King Tee] I've been rappin for a while, I'm acquirin chapstick Like a magician with the mic I do a hat trick I don't wear a cape, or perform at a sideshow Let me hit the 40 cause my throat is kinda dry yo When I'm on stage it's like a Broadway play King Tee and MC Breeze and Jennifer Holiday But Breeze, my throat's gettin so' {*rasping*} Get on the mic and won'tcha give it a go [MC Breeze] Clowning, is like actin ill sometimes But when I ill, I like to say a dumb rhyme to increase my fame and star stature I'm like Anita Baker I'm caught up in the "Rapture" Hittin like bolos when I go solo Last name is spanish but yo, I'm not a cholo Keep the bass poundin, I like the way it's soundin Pooh is gettin ill while me and Tee is "Just Clowning" [King Tee] But but but Breeze.. you know me and you can clown right, right? We gotta see if.. Mixmaster Spade can do it .. "It's the joint!" [Mixmaster Spade] Well it's Tuesday night, I got nuttin to do I guess I'll get on the phone and call DJ Pooh Say "Whassup Pooh? Are you beat?" He say "Forget that stuff, let's hit the street" Since I got a Caddy, and you got a Z I can roll witchu, or you can ride with me I say "We goin to a club that's dynamite" (WHERE?!) The Red Onion on a Tuesday night I walked in and glanced, shook a few hands Grabbed the baddest broad, then I commence to dance I looked the DJ, and said "Whassup?" He said "Spade's in the place and he's +DOIN THE BUTT+" Now I'm back to the rap that we have at hand I'm the Mixmaster man with the master plan I slapped the girl on the butt then she started to frown And .. [King Tee] Yo Spade, cool out! Man, we "Just Clowning" .. "It's the joint!" (repeat 4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee  Album: At Your Own Risk Song: Introduction Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: King Tee Talking] Yo, yo, E-Swift you ready? Pooh you ready? Bul-al, you got that beat? You got that funky beat, let's do it man This is my new album, let's do it Bust a round [Skit #1: DJ Pooh scratching Quotes] Let's start it, let's start it Who? KING Tee ----> King Tee Let's start it, let's start it Mr. Dolomite!!  King capital T and I'm from.. Compton ---> Dr. Dre What? -----> Ice Cube  Compton ---> Dr. Dre Where? ----> Ice Cube  Compton ---> Dr. Dre Who? ------> Ice Cube  Compton ---> Dr. Dre (*Multipule Gun shots*) Compton ---> Dr. Dre Compton ---> Dr. Dre Yeah, fool!! ----> Flavor Flav Compton ---> Dr. Dre Compton ---> Dr. Dre Compton ---> Dr. Dre Yeah, fool!! ----> Flavor Flav Compton ---> Dr. Dre Compton ---> Dr. Dre Compton ---> Dr. Dre Compton ---> Dr. Dre Yeah, fool!! ----> Flavor Flav Compton ---> Dr. Dre Compton ---> Dr. Dre Compton ---> Dr. Dre Compton ---> Dr. Dre Yeah, fool!! ----> Flavor Flav Compton ---> Dr. Dre Compton ---> Dr. Dre Compton ---> Dr. Dre [King Tee]  As we journey into another King Tee's album You know what I'm saying? Coming out on Capitol Records Yeah, I know, you suckers thought I wouldn't be coming back You thought I drink too much But see, when I drink, I get hyper than the motherfucker HA HA HA HA HAAH, YEEEEAAAAHHHHHH, you know what I'm saying? I wanna thank my homeboy Bul-al For coming down forward to cut some beats for me I wanna thank my DJ E-Swift My homeboy Young Flord and J-Ro and MC Breeze And DJ Smoove, you know what I'm saying? YEEEEAAAAHHHHHH, FOOL!! [Skit #2: DJ Pooh scratching Quotes] Yeah, fool!! ----> Flavor Flav Compton ---> Dr. Dre (*Multiple gunshots*) Compton ---> Dr. Dre Compton ---> Dr. Dre Yeah, and this all about, what? Compton ---> Dr. Dre Compton ---> Dr. Dre Compton ---> Dr. Dre Yeah, fool!! ----> Flavor Flav Check it out, y'all ---> MC Ren Compton ---> Dr. Dre Compton ---> Dr. Dre Compton ---> Dr. Dre Compton ---> Dr. Dre Yeah, fool!! ----> Flavor Flav Compton ---> Dr. Dre Compton ---> Dr. Dre Compton ---> Dr. Dre [King Tee]  But yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, check this out Yo, I wanna send this whole album out to my homeboys down in Compton Yo, we got Whacko, we got Big Pee, we got Mussy, we got Spade We got Scotty Tee, we got Little Cliff, you know what I'm saying? Chillah, we got Toddikah, all those motherfuckers You know what I'm saying? And I'm finna do it, do it, do it, do it You know what I'm saying? It's a new album by King Tee, you got it? Go out and buy it, if you don't buy it Aiy, I'ma coming out.. killing your motherfuckering ass You know what I'm saying? Ahh, PEACE!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: At Your Own Risk Song: At Your Own Risk Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash .. it's at your own {*repeating, getting louder*} .. it's at your own .. it's at your own .. it's at your own .. it's at your own .. it's at your own risk SUCKER! Yo! Whassup? Yo.. what's happenin, what's happenin? E-Swift, you cuttin the records nice boy DJ Pooh whassup man? We all chillin Yo, yo, J-Ro's in the house, we all cold coolin out y'knahmsayin? And I'ma bust it off like this for Compton Well - look who sprung up, comin the fuck up I came in the place to let you know what's up with a bunch of trunk jewerly Two or three fat gold chains, ring plates with my name on 'em Yeah I rhyme fly, real fly Hobbes I wear Nike's cause I run from the cops Pops taught me lots he said "Toys are for tots" At four, bought me a box, when I was six I wore a jock cause, my jimmy was gettin kinda big At nine I was a kid but I took my first swig Hugged that Olde English beer So my peers wouldn't think that I was queer Yeah, right off I got the title of a gangsta Pranksters run because they know that there ain't a person, runnin a verse on like this, hahahaha.. Whassup? This at your own risk, sucker Uhh! This at your own risk, sucker.. P-Puh, Puh-P-Puh-P-Puh-Pooh man fuck it! People always say, "Are you the King of the West?" But there's always some pest who try to put you to the test even though, they know I'm King, I'm on a higher level I even dust the church and sold they soul to the devil I mean really, how you think I'm livin? On the strength I'm livin like it's Thanksgiving So yo, whassup turkey, tryin to jerk me? Your rhymes don't work see, you can't hurt T The almighty individual You said you knew, but I don't think you really know about the K-I-N-G super cool mack daddy I drive a Caddy, and I'm livin fatly Had me on stage in a rage Yellin was what ya know, that's how I get paid Made my mark but rappers still insist, to diss but yo it's at your own risk sucker Sup? It's at your own risk Aiyyo, E-Swift, bust the break Verse three is another one for those to remember King Tee is the champ, smashin all contenders For those who disbelieve, just step in my direction I'm snappin arms, legs and even necks and suckers who thrive to drive me crazy You know the ones who front tryin to amaze me Take it as a warnin cause I'm hopin that you don't diss But get a load of this, it's at your own risk, sucker! Yo, it's all about me and DJ Pooh and E-Swift Rockin the house, y'knowhatI'msayin? We got Walkman in the house We got J-Ro in the house We got (??).. {*echoes*} Y'knowhatI'msayin we cold chillin y'know I wanna send this record out, to the Piano Man Piano Man, won't you play somethin for me Aight, get busy, right here, c'mon c'mon Get funky, get, get funky, c'mon c'mon Get funky ass oh, ohh yeah Get funky, aww ooooooh shit! It's at your own risk suckers, knowhatI'msayin? Yeah, E-Swift, scratch that in Awwww yeah.. Aww you're doggin it man, y'knowhatI'msayin? SEE YA! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: At Your Own Risk Song: Ruff Rhyme (Back Again) Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Yo Pooh, man What you build in there, man? (Ah - one of those hypso-change-o-calypso-beat-a-matics) (There'll) (be an-) (other ruff rhyme)	--> Rakim (When I'm done) (There'll be another ruff rhyme) Another package from your slick Royal Highness Pay attention, so you won't have to rewind this Put yourself together for another funky clip I bring a lotta magic, but this ain't no trick It's pure skill I possess in my possession A crazy rhythm and my funky horn section And Pooh hyped up this funky ol' track So I thought about it, I'm comin (I'm back) (When I'm done) (I'm back) (When I'm done) (King Tee is back again) Now let me talk to ya to the best of my ability About the kid that's rockin this facility I bring to you peace and tranquility Don't try to front, cause I know you feel it, see My beats are masculine, I think that there hasn't been A better groove to keep you like dancing, man I feel thankful to feel there ain't no Sucker tryin to gank my spot, least I think so But I don't sweat, cause I can stand on my two feet Hold the mic and just curse the beat I don't complain about the crowd I attract Roll out the red carpet, I'm comin (I'm back) (When I'm done) (There'll be another ruff rhyme) (King Tee is back again) (There'll be another ruff rhyme) (When I'm done) (I'm back) (King Tee is back again) Well, this might seem odd You ask who taught me, well, it musta been God Cause ain't none of y'all cool like me The impressario, majestic Tee Some rappers are scared of me, they say when they dare to be Threatened, well, keep on steppin, I'll be prepared to be Jacked, Jack, cause your rhymes don't match You got bold when I left, now I'm back To stomp you, cause you stomp wrong, so I'ma stomp on Fool, you forgot, I'm from Compton This is just a taste of my album, really nothin Just to show you I'm back (I'm comin) (When I'm done) (There'll be another ruff rhyme) (King Tee is back again) (There'll be another ruff rhyme) (When I'm done) (There'll be another ruff rhyme) (King Tee is back again) (There'll be another ruff rhyme) (Back again) (back again) (back again) (There'll be another ruff rhyme) (There'll be another ruff rhyme (When I'm done) (There'll be another ruff rhyme) (Ruff rhyme) (Ruff rhyme) (Ruff rhyme) (When I'm done) (There'll) (be an-) (other ruff rhyme) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: At Your Own Risk Song: On the Dance Tip Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (Dancefloor, baby) Ha-ha What's happenin? What's goin on, man? Chillin Finna do somethin a lil' different, youknowmsayin? Got my man E-Swift in the house E-Swift, you wanna dance? Alright come on, let's dance now Bust it Goin out on the rhythm & blues tip With my man Rashad and Bronick We got Bob in the house Yeah And I'ma bust it off like this On the first verse Check this out Bust it Now dancers, here's another hit for your collection Take a deep breath, let's start sketchin Moves for the dancers to get into I'ma wait on you, now here's your menu Just order what you want cause you know I can rock a slow or a swing tempo So swing to it, it ain't nothin but a good feelin And if you're willin I'ma tell you the deal then I got to see you move it (on the dancefloor, baby) Yo, that's how we doin it in 1990, youknowmsayin? I got to see you move it (on the dancefloor, baby) Yeah ( *E-Swift cuts up* ) (Get funky with it) Ain't it funky now Hold up, hold up What I wanna do right here is talk to all the dancers That call theyselves dancers but they really can't dance I'm finna teach you how to do it, alright? Check this out Now all you gotta do is get loose Yeah, show you got juice If punks wanna jump, run em up and I shoot Slick, slick poetry for those who got couth And if you'll dance even if you can't dance Enhance a rhythm that'll glance Up against your body as the music just swings Knockin out the suckers now who's left? (Kiiiing) Tee, yeah, that's mee, see The cool gangster, the gangster, that's me So just skip while I make that grip Don't worry about a thing, I'm on a dancin tip I got to see you move it (on the dancefloor, baby) Yeah Like that, yeah, y'all doin it right Check this out E-Swift I got to see them movin (on the dancefloor, baby) Alright, yeah Where? (On the dancefloor, baby) ( *E-Swift cuts up* ) (Do what you want) (Let's have some fun y'all) Now keep on movin, better yet keep steppin You know, from the right to the left and Dance all night till your knee caps break You can do the Biz Markie, then the Heavy D Shake If you like to boogie from sun to the moon Well, cut the rug to my rhythm & blues tune Just remember if the phonograph skips Don't worry about a thing, we're on a dancin tip And I got to see you move it (on the dancefloor, baby) Yeah yeah Come on come on come E-Swift We got to see you move it (on the dancefloor, baby) Yeeeeah Peace I'm outta here (Do what you wanna do) (On the dancefloor, baby) (I know you got the feeling, let's dance) (Let's have some fun) (On the dancefloor, baby) (I know you got the feeling, let's dance) (On the) (I know you got the feeling, let's dance) (On the) (On the) (Have some fun) (On the dancefloor, baby) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: At Your Own Risk Song: Jay Fay Dray Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch He-he-he-he yeah It was a real cool day, you know? All the pimps came out to play King Tee was the spokesman and guess what he had to say.. Hm-hm Yo, my name is King Tee and I like to say hey Love catchin stunts cause the King ain't gay Rock the mic like Al B! Sure, you know 'night & day' For you sucker chump rappers: step off, make way Hey, I once knew a girl by the name of Fay Her titties was bigger than the Frisco Bay One night I got her drunk with a little Tanqueray Then I asked her for some head and Fay said 'okay!' I knew a brother, big dope dealin Jay He liked to sell crack to the basehead Dray One day Dray got amped and jacked Jay for his pay So Jay came and found Dray and shot him dead with an A.K. And I say with my rhymes I slay I serve sucker MC's on a silver tray If you got a bad cake use a little ???? And if your underarm stinks use deodorant sprayyyyyy Baby, yeah, it's like that, it's like that, y'all It's like this, y'all I don't rap long, still make a hit, y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: At Your Own Risk Song: Skanless Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Yo E-Swift Yo, still out here actin a fool, man Well, we gon' bust it off like this, youknowmsayin? [ VERSE 1: King Tee ] Yo, woke up this morning at a half past 10 Next to me was this stunt named Lynn She's cute, long hair, light skin And she's married to my homeboy Ken Hey, it's alright, she says Ken don't know Yeah, Ken don't know you're a hoe But oh, you're wonderin, how could I sleep with Lynn? When she's married to my homeboy Ken? Well, it's plain and simple and true The girl asked me if I wanted to screw Bust it, I take her up to a nice hotel The ???? Fox where I dwell Before we got there I had to make a stop though I almost forgot the u-know-what and Super Saco, yo She said, "Yo, you're really gonna bust out your homeboy's wife?" I said, "Baby, let me tell you about my life I'm skanless" [ CHORUS ] (Everyone's got to make a livin)	--> 20th Century Steel Band Skanless Yeah mama, I'm skanless (Everyone's got to make a livin) Skanless [ VERSE 2: King Tee ] Well, Lynn got up, got dressed and left Still felt skanless, so I called Beth I know you're thinkin: he's from one woman to another But Beth was my homeboy Ken's mother I said, "Hey girl, ?????? money?" She said, "What's up, I been waitin on your call, honey" I said, "Really? Well Beth, check this I'ma pick you up around a quarter to 6 So wear somethin sexy and cute Cause I'm about to crash the boots" She said, "You need to because pops can't hang no more" 10 minutes later I was knockin at the door She opened up, I said, "What's up" She said, "My husband's inside," I said, "What the - hold up Just wait, I'ma go away and let you handle this" ?????? the mack cause I'm skanless [ CHORUS ] [ VERSE 3: King Tee ] Yo, it's a girl named Vicky She kinda knows my rep so I had to get slick, see? I had to turn like super skanless on her (But yo, I know I love you, baby) you know, that Compton drama She said, "We can't make love cause I'm not like that I have to get to know you," all the yakety yak crap I said, "Baby, I feel my heart crackin up I really thought you liked me so I bought you this Luxurious solid gold bracelet Go 'head, put it on, let me see if it fits" She says, "Ooh, I guess you're serious" "I mean what can you say? I mean you drive me delirious If we make love I buy you anything you want Dookie gold ropes, silk suits to flaunt" I knocked boots, she made me feel like a mack So like a pimp I jacked the hoe and stole all my shit back Cause I'm skanless [ CHORUS ] E-Swift, break it down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: At Your Own Risk Song: Take You Home Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch ( *yawns* ) Ah man Suckers bite my stuff, man Can't get no sleep, man Yo, what's up, DJ Pooh? Nice to see you back, man For 1990, right? Finna do it up But I want you to do somethin for me, Pooh You could do me a favor right quick? W-won't you pump up the beat a little bit right here, come on, right here Suckers Suckers 1990, y'all King Tee back on the map And we gon' tear it up like this I wanna dedicate this song to all the L.A. rappers out there Check it out (Don't turn away, I think you should listen)	-- > MC Lyte Well I'm the one for my treble, two for my bass 3, 4, 5 just to stay on pace Now that I got your attention you'll be happy to know That they call me Tee the King but King Tee's how it goes So suckers, get your shit and get packed Catch the next boat out, supreme Tela's back And I'm funky once agaian, so run and tell a friend They said I wouldn't last but I'll be here until it ends Yo, I'm the king at being cool but get a load of this They wanna label me best L.A. soloist I couldn't be like that, but then again I could Cause half of you MC's ain't no good Anyway, hey, I got somethin to say Directed to every MC in L.A. You run up on the King - huh, how dumb You knew from the beginning you shoulda brung a gun, son Cause I be shootin the gift like it's a gift Take the punk, slide em up just like a spliff ( *inhales* ) Then everything's cool and copastetic I wrote the book on being cool - oh, you read it? How'd you like the part where I tell you how to walk The kinda clothes to wear, the use of slang in your talk? No need to look around cause there ain't no clone King Tee came to take you home Come on (You can make it) (Don't turn away, I think you should listen) (You can make it) (Don't turn away, I think you should listen close) I came to take you home (You can make it) (You can make it) (Don't turn away, I think you should listen) (You can make it) (Don't turn away, I think you should listen) Now this tune right here allows you to get funky Literally you can do what you want, see? I'm more like the pilot or the driver of the scene Or somethin that you usually dream Yeah, I'm manufacturin the sickest metaphor Lyrics you're not ready for Hear it, I keep a steady score Of suckers and muthafuckas who like to suffer I wear big ropes in clusters And I execute, never wore a sexy suit I wear khakis with a t-shirt and hiking boots A rare fashion with the gangster touch Because Ballys don't mix and turtlenecks suck But hey, I be crashin, throw in a accent Maxin while I'm waxin the boots with passion Happens to be one of my favorite attractions The name's King Tee, but the T's for taxin Phoney MC's, them sucker punks wanna riff Just because I wanna give the party a lift You know, build your spirits expand your horizon This particular production is mine's And E-Swift's, the DJ E-Swift to be exact Holds a hypnotizin scratch, make the others look wack So look all you want cause there ain't no clone King Tee came to take you home Come on (You can make it) (Don't turn away, I think you should listen) (You can make it) (Don't turn away, I think you should listen) (You can make it) (Don't turn away, I think you should listen close) (You can make it) (Don't turn away, I think you should listen) ( *E-Swift cuts up* ) (I think you should listen) (I think you should listen) (I think you should listen close) (Don't turn away, I think you should listen close) (Don't turn away) (Don't) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: At Your Own Risk Song: Diss You Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (Hello) I should diss you [ VERSE 1 ] Excuse me, lady, you're lookin real nice Where you been, I been lookin for you all my life So how's about lunch with a winner? Then again it's kinda late, so what's up with dinner? At my place or my place or my place or my place By the fireplace or the candle light About 7, or make that 8 o'clock tonight Make up your mind, let's wine and dine Get with me or back up off my line Cause I can't wait for you to call me You're steppin on your suit the very second you saw me I thought you said that I'm the only one That can send chills up and down your - ehm Gold rings and estate, too (Hello, is this you?) Man, I should diss you Yo, I been waitin all night long And you didn't even ring my phone I should diss you Since you tried to play me like booty I just feel that it's my duty I should diss you So don't give me no excuse But before I cut you loose I should diss you And there's nothin you can say And there's nothin you can do I'ma diss you I'ma diss you Diss you [ VERSE 2 ] You claimed you would stick like SuperGlue But you're low, down and dirty, so I'm dissin you Yeah, I'm dissin you, I won't be missin you I won't be kissin you, I hope you're listenin, too Cause I realized that I'm real fly So (see ya) later (bye) Cause you only get one chance at this You played me wrong, so I'ma diss you, miss For the fact that you thought that I could get done The K-i-n-g Tee ain't the one So miss me with all that stuff you're talkin I know you're sorry, but keep on walkin On about your business, I'm almost finished Tyin up loose ends, and Let the door hitcha where the dog should bitcha Even though I should dissed you I shoulda dissed you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: At Your Own Risk Song: Time to Get Out Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (All together now) (I want everybody to get up out their seat) (All together now) (I want everybody to get up out their seat) Alright, check this out Yo [ VERSE 1: King Tee ] Now this is for the gangsters, now trip A message to the Bloods and the Crips It's time to get out because a lot of things changed The way it used to be, well, today it ain't the same You got the Blood gang shootin up churches and shit L.A. and Compton don't mix, so it's Crips fightin Crips Back in the days it was whites against 'coloreds' Now you got brothers just killin each other And drive-by shooting's like a sport for you now But when you shoot for your victim with him you hit a child I gotta ask ya: how do you feel after that? You brothers blow wind in your gat Like you was John Wayne or Clint Eastwood You shot another black for your hood Get caught, you wanna cry like a ass I kinda giggle when the white man laughs Not too long ago you had to fight for your territory Toe to toe and a gun was a different story I guess you can't squabble no mo' Your fist is a .44 But on the real, hops, I'm on the same boat But the Man got us all by the throat And since I got the power to deliver this to ya I'ma tell ya like it is, I won't fool ya I want you to [ singer (& King Tee) ] Stop fighting and come together as one (It's time to get out) Unity is what we need, get your job done [ VERSE 2: King Tee ] Now you're out drunk, cold wildin Kill another brother, on your neck is a medaillon That resembles the shape of the motherland But let me tell you where my color stands Black is you, black is me And black is creativity Black is present and black is past And black is of a higher class Black is kings and black is queens Black is what the sunset brings Black is rap and black is soul Black is even rock 'n roll Check it, black is locks, black is braids Black is men with high top fades Black is love, black is devine Black is first of all mankind So [ singer (& King Tee) ] Stop fighting and come together as one (Get out) Unity is what we need to get the job done (All together now) Stop fighting and come together as one (Go ahead and get out) Unity is what we need to get the job done [ King Tee ] Come together, brother [ singer ] And have unity, you know what I'm sayin? [ King Tee ] Yeah On the strength [ singer ] Word to the mother [ King Tee ] To the motherland, youknowmsayin? (All together now) [ singer ] We don't need ?????  (All together now) All we need is a chance [ King Tee ] Go ahead and get out [ singer ] We don't need ????? What we need is a chance [ King Tee ] Peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: At Your Own Risk Song: Can This Be Real Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Yo What's up King Tee's in the muthafuckin house Got my homeboy Young Floyd in the house J-Ro's in the house But yo [ VERSE 1 ] Now here's somethin everybody can relate to I know you hate to, but I feel great to Be the man to shake you, awake you and make you Stop sleepin, and I do what it takes to Bring a screechin halt to the snoozin First listen to the jam before you start choosin And refusin, sayin you can't hack it You never even bothered to take it out the jacket Put it on the turntable, have a listen Then if it's wack, start dissin Now I understand why you're dissin my cut So I spit in my foot and stick my fist up your butt Cause you have no business, really in this And I have no time for that diss-diss I shoot a rhyme at you like I'm shootin to kill And you can do is ask yourself (can this be real?) [ VERSE 2 ] Now this song, I dedicate it to the sleepers Nothing real hard, just a little teaser For those who told those that the King Tee was done with No, not quite, yo Pooh - pump it Suckers don't front, I know it's me you admire I take your girl, set her soul on fire I use the mic like a gun and my rhymes like ammo I go Tyson while others go Rambo Pooh-puts are warned, break north while you can, bub Give up rappin, join my fanclub I'm the rap reverend, hip-hop evangelist Yo, I can handle this, pass me the canabis Pro rap artist, and my rhymes are kinda raunchy Start with somethin smooth, end with somethin punchy See, I can rock, funk, rock, reggae or salsa Heavy metal or some soul, disco at the casa Just to the point of a vinyl convention Tee does the rappin, E does the mixin So if you're still sleepin, yo, that's ill But when you're awake - what's your question? (Tell me, can this be real?) Let me see if I can bust this one off Right here One take [ VERSE 3 ] As I resume with my rhymes, or should I say continue You got the nerve to try to pretend you Don't like what I'm doin or sayin so far But usually when I'm done you're satisfied, of course I don't front or fake, don't base or sniff Don't rob or steal or shoot dice and pimp Cause I love to hang out with my posse and chill You might think I'm a thug, so think what you will I got a girl with a curl, and a homie named Sonny Never smoked crack, cause the shit smelled funny King Tee, my alter ego, there's not to be a sequel Suckers try to diss me when I entertain the people Hey, I'm a murderer, your girl, I'm servin her You feel like beefin - hah, the nerve of ya I hit you so hard, it make your mother feel dizzy Back up, punk, the King came to get busy (Tell me, can this be real?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ E-Swift Album: At Your Own Risk Song: E Get Swift Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Get Swift (Everybody's dancin) Get swift (Quiet on the set) DJ Pooh's in the house But yo, this is for my deejay Alright, check this out [ King Tee ] This is for you little weak deejays The weak record spinner, the weak P.A. Whoever's in charge of the turntable equipment You haven't heard cuts until you heard the ones Swift gets Yes, when I rhyme he keeps the break flowin steadily Never off-beat so suckers can't get ahead of me Your deejay's had it, we're terminatin his membership E's back, now come again with some different shit You wanna learn about cuttin and scratchin and mixin He'll be fixin to show you some good tricks and A new style shown to those that's worthy Lord have mercy, he's number uno, first, E Swift we call him Swift because he's swift on the cut and scratch No one can match or catch, then stand back For those who wanna see him, I give you a good tip Have a seat and watch E get swift ( *E-Swift scratches* ) Watch him (Are you ready) Watch Yeah Watch E get Swift (Are you ready) (Ready) (ready) (ready) (Hey, listen to the man) [ King Tee ] Now what you just saw is probably funky to you You and your crew (but what about them girls?) them too Who wants to step up, some never kept up They wanna flex up, so E-Swift wrecks up Shop, hops, so how could you diss E? You need to play like Janet and just miss me With that conversation, that blah-blah-sation E, bust a rap while I go on vacation [ E-Swift ] E-Swift, the golden deejay with the knack to make a track To make you dance till your back snap Pooh on the drum, the cuts - mine K-i-n-g Tee writes the rhyme So wack deejays who run off at the lip The ones who talk shit while your records skip In a battle (battle him) ( *record skips* ) you need mo' practice My cuts are more sharper than the needles on a cactus [ King Tee ] Yo, that was dope, E-Swift Check this out But you got some dope scratches and cuts Yo, yo, yo Bust it ( *E-Swift cuts up* ) (Turn it out) (DJ) (Turn it out) (Listen up) (Mr. Deejay) (Listen up) (Hey, listen to the man) (He is the master of a scratch) (Huh-huh) (He is the master of a scratch and cut) (Huh-huh) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: At Your Own Risk Song: Do Your Thing Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.Com [Intro/Chorus] Awww yeah, Crazy boy Awww yeah, Crazy boy Awww yeah, come on, do your thing Aiy, do your thing Come on, do your thing Aiy, yay.. [Unidentified Rock Artist] Aiy man, this guy King Tee, man I like him, man, and I think he is like.. (player) Also man I think he's like the best, man What you think, man? Well, I'm thinking.. He is the only guy who crossed over into Rock & Role, man (He didn't cross over) Awww, come on man, you gotta give him better credits than that, man He is like more cool, man I like the way he walks, man, with those Star shades Awww man, he is awesome [Chorus: w/ Variations] Crazy boy, awww yeah Crazy boy, awww yeah Crazy boy, awww yeah Crazy boy, awww yeah Crazy boy, awww yeah Crazy boy, awww yeah [Unidentified Rock Artist] Can you guys stick around? We've got more music coming up from Eazy-E N.W.A. with that Diggy diggy Doctor Public Enemy, Boogie Down Production, Ice-T But now, here is the one and only King Tee Ha ha ha ha ha hahh, do your thing Shake it away [Chorus: w/ minor Variations] Come on, do your thing Aiy, do your thing Come on, do your thing Aiy, do your thing The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: At Your Own Risk Song: King Tee Production Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (So I went into the record store and I saw this album sittin there I saw this sharp lookin dude on the cover and I said:) It's another production from the King Tee crew You know, E-Swift and the DJ Pooh We brung a little somethin that we thought you might get hip to Take a trip to a beat that gets you Up and just swingin doin your thing and Bangin on the walls while the King Tee's singin Funky old lyrics that I made when I was drunk So I can care less about a MC chump Tryin to diss me with some rhymes that suck Sissy rhymes you must've bought for a buck I usually don't squeal but your rappin is weak Bust some rhymes, I even let you rap on my beat (Trashin MC's) yeah, that's the must and (Doggin all punks) no need for discussion (But what about that Cadilla you had?) it's plushed and You better get ready, it's the King Tee Produciton (I mean I have seen many, many productions in my life..) (Oh yeah?) (..but this production pulled off here by) King Tee, a super cool male It felt kinda good to see "Act a Fool" sell But hey, I'm back again with another new topic I mean it's 90, a nigga's gotta rock it And my intentions is to keep you steppin No suckers allowed cause I ain't lettin Ya mess up the party with your wacky-wack rappin The crowd starts booin soon as you start flappin Your mouth, Ralph, so go ahead, break south I knew you was a chump when you walked in the house You tried to bust a move but your rhymes don't function Because of the King Tee Production (Alright y'all I want y'all to put your hands together and to bring on a brother that's bound to lay more dips in your hips) (Now I think everyone in the production should make their talents known to everyone out there) (Let's hear it, boy) DJ P-double o-h Beats so funky that you cover your face DJ E-Swift on the cut Got quarters on the head so the needle won't jump K-i-n-g T-double e, period I yell a lot (TO MAKE THAT YOU'RE HEARIN IT!) Just like old times when I walk across stage With the forty in my hand cause that was soft of a trade- mark, cool lyrics I'm bustin You say a few lines and you're huffin and puffin Me, I just flow, no need to be rushin Peace from the King Tee Production The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Ice Cube, MC Breeze Album: At Your Own Risk Song: Played Like a Piano Typed by: OHHLA.com [King Tee] King Tee's drunk again. Yo, check this out: awww shit, aw shit I wanna dedicate this song to all them motherfuckers out there that-that-that-that-that-that-that (not again) perpentratin'...perpetratin'... perpin' tratin' Wait, rewind (eh but yo...King Tee, man, what is this? What is this?) Some cool shit for the King's anthology and when I'm done, don't expect no apology Stupid motherfuckers shoulda stepped when I warned 'em I'm from the Boondocks of Compton, California I'm just anxious to whoop some ass I went to high school, but I flunked every class So what makes you think I give a fuck about respect? I'll put your bitch in check, and I'll bet you won't run up, son of a punk and a bitch, too I shoulda did a drive by on you and your crew Cuz ya'll be poppin' some shit that's unheard of For you, what's the word? Uh...(wack!)...it's murder, son When I be crushin' your hood with a passion and I ain't talkin' that Action Jackson When I come you better run for ammo or get played like a fuckin' piano.. And yo, we got my homeboy Ice Cube in the house from the motherfuckin' Lench Mob (what's up, nigga?) and yo Ice Cube, I heard you're a singer now man what's up? Yo, yo... [Ice Cube] Do-Ray-Me. But I don't sing, mothafucker I kick shit with the King, mothafucker Ice Cube will clock the cash, rock the mass and if you run up, I'll sock your ass And watch that eye get swollen cuz I'm playin' punk niggas like Beethoven So bust a cap or swing and die Fuck Yul Brynner, it's still The King and I Cuz where I'm from the sun don't shine so One-Time hope I only bust one rhyme But I bust one more for the suckers last year I was Ruthless, now I'm Lenchin' mothafuckers And you'll see in a tree, MCs and crews Now they're lookin' for me, King Tee, and Pooh Now every nigga that crossed me's soprano cuz I played their ass like a fuckin' piano.. [King Tee] Yo, check this out, we got my homeboy Breeze in the motherfuckin' house from the L.A. Posse, and he got some shit to holler Come on, man, bust this shit [MC Breeze] Well, I'm-a take the mic like it was a jack move Run with the beat as long as the track grooves Hot as lava, organized like a seminar serve you, your crew, him, and them and a couple of rap-saps who think they can get butt You slipped and shit, so nitwit, just get the nuts Killin' your high hopes, watchin' you write notes better walk a chalk line, not fuckin' a tightrope Rap slicker, thicker, quicker than others, then I stop swift Shift from 1st to 5th, while you stop to shoplift Take the mic stand whenever the duty calls if I bust a nut for every rhyme I had, I'd get blue balls Serious as drama, I'm-a watch her say "Me too." You're shorter than Michu, your rhymes are see-through You're nothin' like GQ, transparent, I made it apparent I'm here to wax and tax the incoherent Cuz B-R-E-E-Z-E will eas-i-ly re-main to be-e a top MC When you see me, I wear a beanie, and not a Kangol Now you got played, like a fuckin' piano [King Tee] This is just a sample of three black Nig-roes who grew up in the heart of the ghetto Doin' what we had to just to make ends meet some steal for a livin', some stand on the street just slang. Some gang-bang, but big deal They say in Compton, you gotta kill or get killed Mothafuckin' police pull ya over, slam ya down then tell ya that your hood is their town And I ain't goin' for no shit like that; cuff me up, take me to jail, I'll come back Talkin' much shit, cuz I talk what the fuck I feel a few weeks in the county ain't no big deal So a punk like you can't fuck with me that big ballin'-ass nigga named King Tee You think ya can? I don't think that you can, though Peace to Ice Cube and Breeze, and the fuckin' piano The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Tha Triflin' Album Song: Drunk Tekneek Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (Well alright) Oh shit [ VERSE 1 ] Many, many asked if I knew the way to go I thought I knew the answer, it seems I wouldn't, so I picked and I picked, for the label I searched I slipped and I tripped for the pop, it didn't work So now I take the stage of my what? 3rd comeback Now I know the tricks of the trade, and where the slum's at Blows to the chest, buckshots from the guage Page after page King Tee takes the rage Lord have mercy when I pick up my pen Then I ask the Lord to forgive me for my sins Cause I get drunk when I get trucked ( *shots* ) There go some gunshots, wait - I gotta duck (Get down, fool, get down...) What everybody runnin fo'? (Awww shit!) Can't take the plug of a .38 slug Can't take the drug from the teenage thug So I'ma break loose and do a flip-flop top And land on my feet and show a drunk tekneek (Couldn't walk a straight line) (Ladies and gentlemen, I...) (Couldn't walk a straight line if you let me crawl) (Leanin to the side) (I know I'm drunk, man) (Leanin to the side, people everywhere) (Well alright) (Wants to get funked up) [ VERSE 2 ] M-M-M-MC's seem to get souped when they group With a big name, but see, none of them is game For the royal, loyal, the one that stole yo Coupe De Ville when you thought you could chill On my street, with your freak, to freak me, the freak Played out along the week and fell steep in the creek So I'ma put my crown upon the peak And do it just for the thieves with the jeeps I know you feel scared, I got a criminal path For a laugh I watch devils get whipped by Shaft Pooh has a mack-10, E-Swift's in the Benz with a glock Takin some young girl's cock I grab that geno-St. Ides by the stack Never smoked crack, but I drunk a lotta 'yac Mostly by the cup, grabbin my nuts to the beat Hey yo, it's the drunk tekneek The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee (feat. Tha Alkaholiks) Album: The Trifilin Album Song: Got it Bad Y'all Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Ladies and gentleman, that nigga King Tee and the al-cum-a-holiks Verse One: J-Ro Pooh-butts play the rear cause I'm makin yapes The rhymes ain't no thicker than a, skittle grapes A lot of girls would like to thank me, for the hanky-panky On the mic I hold a belt, now I know no one could spank me It took a long time for the people, to hear my rhymes Seems like I been rappin since my birth in '69 Sorry to keep you waitin, I run rhymes like Walter Payton I get a rhyme like spokes on a Dayton But I won't knock off, because I just rock off the beats to get funky, like when you take your sock off To all the white folks I would like to say howdy And to all my brothers I say peace quit actin rowdy Wack MCs in ninety-two, ew you need to take a rest the public don't you aim the best you're softer than a hookers chest raps, I make em, snaps, I make em For duties movin booties cause I shake shake shake em And I got rhymes, funky funky rhymes E-Swift hold the needle down with nickels and dimes I drink Olde English, St. Ide's and Mickeys When it's time to roll I throw on my black dickeys On the mic I get wicked, like Wilson Pickett I get the place jumpin like a cricket when I kick shit I'm from the West coast but don't sleep home-stimpy Even if I was a paperboy you still couldn't rip me I walk up and chalk up pairs like the Knicks I'm all in the mix like snares, and kicks When it comes to rhymes I get loose like belt buckles Those who chose to oppose this nose is felt knuckles (Where you goin' to?)  To the tip (And what cha bout to do?) Bout to rip Some people use the word funky too loosely And just how many rappers say they kick it like Bruce Lee (What's your favorite brew?) Olde E (And what it make you do?) Go pee It used to be about rhymes, all about rhymes Now rappers rearrangin, and changin like times I got it bad y'all, I got it bad y'all When it comes to the pen and the pad y'all I got it bad y'all, I got it bad y'all When it comes to the pen and the pad y'all Verse Two: E-Swift Back the fuck up, gimme room to breath Not too many niggaz can flip the rhymes like these I freak the technique as if it was a bitch Got more soul than the pit with a fifth Pitch the ball, so I can beat it with the bat Talk some shit, so I can smoke ya with my gat I'm feelin kind feelin kinda feelin kinda feelin kinda feelin kinda buzzed off a sack of chocolate tie My my my ho, I like to rip the shows up Smack the hoes that walk around with they nose up Run to the liquor store, before they close up Buy a few 40s, cause daily I get to' up Sit at the crib and write RIGGY RIGGY rhymes Line after line after LIGGY LIGGY line Yo I can get funky, buy my tape and bump me To the break of dawn I hit the bud and pass it on Hangin at the park, shootin craps on the weekend My brown bag is wet cause my tall can is leakin Starin at the cops, beatin up on Rodney While a pack of O.G.'s steppin to me tryin to rob me Just because I'm dope, niggaz wanna smoke me On the mic I get funky while you're doin the hokey-pokey Dance steps, I think that you should leave to Paula Alkaholiks is the shit, E-Swift's the smooth bawler Is slangin these rhymes like a rock Life ain't shit but money and a glock Don't punch a clock, but I cock a fat knot So I can smoke a lot of pot that I roll up with tops And ya ain't heard shit yet, I'm just gettin warm Like hot butter on, SAY WHAT?, THE POPCORN I'm headed to the top, please give me my props My beats are fat as fuck so bump my shit in your box I love to hit the skinz, but then again WHO DOESN'T I love to hit the herbs cause it leave me feelin buzzin I dedicate this chumpie to the poets who can wreck And to all the nottie dreads I gots to give them nuff respect (Where you goin' to?)  To the tip (And what cha bout to do?) Bout to rip Some people use the word funky too loosely And just how many niggaz say they kick it like Bruce Lee (What's your favorite brew?) Olde E (And what it make you do?) Go pee It used to be about rhymes, all about rhymes Now rappers rearrangin, and changin like times I got it bad y'all, I got it bad y'all When it comes to the pen and the pad y'all I got it bad y'all, I got it bad y'all When it comes to the pen and the pad y'all Verse Three: King Tee Up jumps the man with the loot Rockin like a troop with the Alkaholik group Everything is kosher, got a little taller Livin kinda phat cause King Tee's a bawler I just, irritate the wack, leave em so confused When I'm checkin on the mic with the ones and twos Sneak you a peek of the drunk technique Can't stand up, need to take a seat Baby baby baby it's the Alkaholiks But I can freak the mic no matter how ya call it Metaphors grand, and I'm the great man Drink a whole fifth YES I CAN YES I CAN CAN The girls call me dick-em-down Got that title rockin for the crown Catch y'all later, around next weekend I'm a Alkaholik and I'm late for my meeting The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Tha Triflin' Album Song: On Tha Rox Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [King Tee] Check this out Hey, I knew this nigga named Johnnie Walker A nightstalker, a big shit-talker Even though he liked a lot of vodka (say what?) he was from Tennessee, sprung off Hennessey Makin enemies fast - in L.A.N. they didn't play (what?) He got into a Tanque/tangle with +Ray+, he had on too much gray Ray had a Strawberry sister named Daquiri Johnnie politely her ass behind the back three Now, all four uncles E&J wanna tossi Martini and Rossi had to get the niggaz off me He got jacked for his Dana's, in other words  (give it up nigga, give it up!) He caught the Nighttrain and blasted his Thunderbird with the pistol, him and Cisco, couldn't stand him cause he caught him lickin Brandy off his sister named Kandi At this point he had more bad luck than a trash truck He lost his girl, Remi spent his last buck up Remi caught him shootin game at Elayne, so now flowers and champagne don't mean a damn thang Remi ended up runnin off with Martin He was wanted for arson for startin fires in Carson So Johnnie hired a gun named Rum, and paid him 151 and the job got done with a thirty-eight straight to the face He caught him in a six-pack and got they ass back Up close he made 'em post and broke all their glasses (?) and Rum threatened their families with matches He felt he needed more men just like Gin So he packed his strap and started claimin Silver Satin From then on in, anybody caught bailin down Seagram's 7 was bound to get sweated Except Bartyles and James, cause they was cool He knew 'em from school when they didn't bang and made moves Turns out, he never reached the top They found his ass at the beach "on tha rox" {*ocean, sound of seagulls, closing DJ scratch*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Tha Triflin' Album Song: Just Flauntin' Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Hay-ya! 'sup Got my homeboy Jazzy Ren in the house This is the mighty King Tee And my homeboy DJ Aladdin is in the place Blunt-smokin Mike And I'ma flaunt these lyrics right here Moves - I got moves for the mind Kind of weary but if you hear me, you'll find No one could conquer the Kingdom I resurrected Perfected this, watch out, there's a hectic Man on the stage, screamin out a page I wrote The type of shit MC's wanna quote And get broke off somethin real swell Cause I can tell you try to swell when you bail But you ain't big, don't try to stick out your chest Just phantasize you bein the best Not a clear picture, huh, not vivid Mediocre MC's can't deal with this And what you're hearin now is Tha Great (Is that right? - Oh yeah, he's back, for haven's sake) Yes, I'm comin, I'm bringin what you're wantin It might sound like I'm goin off, but hey, I'm just flauntin (Suckers try to knock him but they never succeed)	--> W.C. Back at home I got a throne where I sit Piecin up metaphoric bits My style is the quiet, cool gangster type But when the 40 hits, it gets hype Niggas can't understand and trip When I be rockin that old school shit That I used to play when I rolled like a professional Hittin side to side in my fo' Flauntin the technique just like when I speak My words come above the average peak E can get swift with a scratch ( *E-Swift scratches a quote* ) People keep askin: does King Tee still have his Coupe? Or will he flip and make a song like 'Knockin' Boots'? Come on, hop, picture that on a flick I ain't goin out like a trick No matter what you do, I always pop up, troop (Like what?) Sort of like if I was wild rumour And this is how you pump it when you're livin in Compton Cause it ain't about nothin but flauntin (Suckers try to knock him but they never succeed) Yeah, I'm just flauntin' (Suckers try to knock him but they never succeed) Break it down (Suckers try to knock him but they never succeed) Come on Now homes! (What up?) Homes! I need headphones to hear the funky tones No more switchin, I'll pitch the bitch and Now we're gonna swing With the Coolest King The imperial I'm the one that makes you go buy your stereo So you can hear me flow And bro, on the microphone I'm a flexer You got played, and on the mic you're a extra I go deep for the dope style and I stay sharp Frame my lyrics up like art MC's keep on runnin cause my tracks are stunnin Back in '85 is where I spun, and Up jumps the crowned royal King of Cool Rap And when I rock the joint, they be like "Who's that Fly rappin nigga?!" and rappers be like, "Pull the trigger Let's assassinate King Tee Tha Great" But faith keeps me on top of the crop With a 40oz. of beer and a blunt full of pot And this is for the suckers that be frontin It's King Tee Tha Great, in '92 I'm just flauntin Baby! Just flauntin' I wanna say peace to my homeboys DJ Aladdin and DJ Pooh My homeboy MC Jazzy Ren Blunt-smokin Mike Youknowmsayin? And we outta here On out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Tha Triflin' Album Song: At Your Own Risk (Budha Mix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I'ma bust it off like this for Compton Yo! Whassup? Yo.. what's happenin, what's happenin? E-Swift, you cuttin the records nice boy DJ Pooh whassup man? We all chillin Yo, yo, J-Ro's in the house, we all cold coolin out y'knahmsayin? And I'ma bust it off like this for Compton Look who sprung up, comin the fuck up I came in the place to let you know what's up with a bunch of trunk jewerly Two or three fat gold chains, ring plates with my name on 'em Yeah I rhyme fly, real fly Hobbes I wear Nike's cause I run from the cops Pops taught me lots he said "Toys are for tots" At four, bought me a box, when I was six I wore a jock cause, my jimmy was gettin kinda big At nine I was a kid but I took my first swig Hugged that Olde English beer So my peers wouldn't think that I was queer Yeah, right off I got the title of a gangsta Pranksters run because they know that there ain't a person, runnin a verse on like this, hahahaha.. Whassup? This at your own risk, sucker "This at your own risk.." This at your own risk! Uhh! "Marley Marl remix.." This at your own risk SUCKER! "This at your own risk.." This at your own risk! "This at your own risk.." This at your own risk! People always say, "Are you the King of the West?" But there's always some pest who try to put you to the test even though, they know I'm King, I'm on a higher level I even dust the church and sold they soul to the devil I mean really, how you think I'm livin? On the strength I'm livin like Thanksgiving So yo, whassup turkey, tryin to jerk me? Your rhymes don't work see, you can't hurt T The almighty individual, you said you knew but I don't think you really know about the K-I-N-G super cool mack daddy I drive a Caddy, and I'm livin fatly Had me on stage in a rage Yellin was what ya know, that's how I get paid Made my mark but rappers still insist, to diss but yo it's at your own risk sucker "This at your own risk.." This at your own risk! C'mon, SUP? "Marley Marl remix.." - "Marley Marl remix single of.." "This at your own risk.." This at your own risk! "This at your own risk.." This at your own risk! Bust the break! {*Marley Marl cuts and scratches*} Verse three! Is another one for those to remember  King Tee is the champ, smashin all contenders For those who disbelieve, just step in my direction I'm snappin arms, legs and even necks and suckers who thrive to drive me crazy You know the ones who front tryin to amaze me Take it as a warnin cause I'm hopin that you don't diss But get a load of this, it's at your own risk.. sucker! "This at your own risk.." This at your own risk! "This at your own risk.." This at your own risk! "This at your own risk.." This at your own risk! "This at your own risk.." This at your own risk! {*Marley Marl cuts and scratches*} C'mon get funky, get, get funky C'mon c'mon get funky Ahh oh, ohh yeah get funky Aww ooooooh shit! This at your own risk (This at your own risk suckers) "This at your own risk.." This at your own risk! 	Yeah, E-Swi.. "This at your own risk.." This at your own risk! 	Ahhh.. "This at your own risk.." This at your own risk! 	Aww you're doggin it man "This at your own risk.." 	SEE-YA! {*Marley Marl cuts and scratches to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Ice Cube Album: The Triflin Album Song: King Tee's Beer Stand * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash *  this song was originally a St. Ide's Malt Liquor commercial   it's appearance on promotional St. Ide's mixtapes caused   public outcry, and both the tape and the commercial were pulled [King Tee] Now step up, to the King Tee's beer stand And let me know what beer is grand No no wait, I got somebody that might convince ya Hold up hold up wait [Ice Cube] Once again it's on, I'm goin out the front do' Ice Cube in the glass house, headed for the sto' To get a beer that's better than the rest The S-T-Period-I-D-E-to-the-S And it'll put hair on your chest In the black can, so won'tcha grab a six pack and Get your girl in the mood quicker Get your jimmy thicker, with St. Ide's Malt Liquor [King Tee] Hold up hold up So when you get a forty, roll to the spot Hug and kiss your girl and screw the cap off the top And get a taste of the beer that makes you tingle And just remember that jingle [singers] Here's something that sweepin the nation by surprise It's that fabulous malt liquor they call St. Ide's The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Nefretiti, Mad Kap Album: Tha Triflin' Album Song: We Got Tha Fat Joint Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Wrap Then pass that joint ( *in the background* ) Where the joint, man? Somebody got it I ain't got it Check it out y'all Mad Kap's in the house Nefrettiti's in the house And she finna kick it like this Come on now Come on [ VERSE 1: Nefretiti ] So just call me the spark, held by the flame Once again my beats make white boys reclaim A stain on your brain, and yet I'm stayin the same Bust another rhyme, move into the hard time My lifeline revolves into a circle of zero And like for real I never liked no superficial hero Now this joint is fat, so spark up that fat joint And yes, you best believe I'm born again to prove my point To say the least, I know you know that hip-hop won't stop I smooth will get wreck, then pass me the joint Pass it around Pass it around Pass it around	(2x) [ Motif ] Improvisation is the key to this freestyle Hip-hop style, while jazz in the meanwhile Stride, glide, and all that good stuff Ride to the rhythm of this jazz, it's rough You're crippled in the brain from a late night feature The government is run by the beast and the creatures Hanger for the hook-up, for the jab it's junk They're comin in your speaker with the funk-fu-fu-funk Some want you to say today I can't fit on one caper Take out the seeds and begin to rollin papers Then I roll the blunt or a spliff or a fattie Feelin like a hood with a beanie in a Caddy I love my herb, I love my money, cause I'm young, matty Never eat the pork, cause it's much, much too fatty So come down, selector, and give me my props I'm runnin through a field of marihuana crops I'm thinkin, all the green, fat, crazy, stinky buds Flow on the instrumental, cause this rhyme is not a dud [ Coke ] Gettin crazy blunted, and you'll never say I fronted On the raps, cause I take the track and run it Into the ground, I'm ghetto clown number one Rhymes are kinda fat like two tons of fun Smash, boom, bam! and I never sound flam It's that nigga King Tee with the Mad Kap band Gettin stupid high off the chocolate ghetto thai So pass the dutchie on the left-hand side King Tee and Nef, and the rhymes are on point But now it's time for Coke to pass the fuckin joint Pass it around Pass it around Pass it around	(5x) [ King Tee ] Now here comes the bomb... Pass it around, throw some flex in Peek-a-boo! I mean - ooh! I be fresh when I do that, but wait - who dat? It's the King Mad Kap, Nefrettiti's the queen With the sound of Africa to the streets Somethin the Man can't cheat And make it pop, cause we're already poppin So I'm whistlin, sittin on the dock by The bay, singin 'ay-hey,' can you copy? Boomin like a jeep, deep with my posse What's up, sister? yeah, it's Mister K-i-n-g Tee, I brung a mixture Of ruff rhymes, I drove by to shoot the pop rap Cause you know you gotta stop that Bullshit, but when my pull hits, it's on point And I got the fat joint Pass it around Pass it around Pass it around	(4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Tha Triflin' Album Song: Where'sa Hoe Sat Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Warning.. you must use, Jimmy Hat condoms" [King Tee w/ a voice modulator] HahahahaHAA! Ahhhhhhh.. Where's the hoes at? Where's the hoes at? Where's the hoes at? Where's the hoes at? Where's the hoes at? Where's the hoes at? Where diggy diggy diggy where's the hoes at? I'm elastic, bendable plastic If I ain't witcha then you need your ass kicked Fuckin bitches that smell like trout Dumb nigga, whatcha thinkin bout? Where's the hoes at? Where's the hoes at? Get butt-naked and fuck, I want my clothes back But if the hoe's wack, take the hoe back Street beat hooker, I ain't got no crack Ahhhhhhh.. Where's the hoes at? Where's the hoes at? Where's the hoes at? Where's the hoes at? Where's the hoes at? Where's the hoes at? Where diggy diggy diggy where's the hoes at? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Deadly Threat, Ice Cube Album: Tha Triflin' Album Song: A Hoe B-4 Tha Homie Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Yo nigga, let's go scoop up some of these hoes at the 'Paradise', man Hey man, ah - I'm engaged now, man What? I'm engaged To that bitch? Aw man, don't be talkin about my woman like that Oh, now you're gon' trip on me Wait, wait, hold up, hold up [ VERSE 1: King Tee ] How you gon' go and put a hoe before me? When I'm the one that helped your broke ass on the streets 'Damn, I'm starvin, what you got to eat? I'm short, I need a place to sleep' Oh, but amnesia, that damn skeezer Made you forget who was down witcha I thought birds of a feather flock together And don't a damn thing change but the weather But now I know the real, I guess I had it all wrong We used to hit the Ides until the shit was all gone Where was she when you needed niggas off your ass And who'd you come to get to go blast? Not that once-a-month-bleedin, always on her knees Suckin every Tom, Dick and Harry like a berry I seen her with a trick at the Motel 6 And you still tryin to get that bitch Afro Fix She got you by the nuts, playin with your wiener Wrapped around her finger when the last time you seen her Well, when you do, bust her lip And if you don't, you'se a bitch So sit down when you piss, muthafucka (It's a shame, but it ain't no thang to me) --> Deadly Threat [ VERSE 2: Deadly Threat ] The bitch got you gone, talkin on a phone Tellin muthafuckas when you see me, it's on But little do he know that she a zero And I'm still her favorite superhero See, I got the 411 on a hoe Just like I was tellin you before You're just a piece of the mission Guess where her lips been? I told you don't be kissin, but you don't listen [ King Tee ] Yeah, Jaws (Jaws) Jaws the only hoe I ever saw That could suck a basketball through a straw She don't like niggas with Nissan trucks Unless they got the monster bumps [ Deadly Threat] That's right, honey, bunny's money-hungry And she'll frame ya, she's out to getcha Get the picture, cause the bitch'll Take you for a long-ass ride like the hitcher So don't be surprised if they find you in a ditch With your guts hangin out lookin like Top Ramen And when I see the bitch, I'm bombin Cause she's a false tenderony, plus tossed balony And she ain't your home, she's a hoe Don't put a hoe before the homie (Hey yo bitch, you better tell em) --> Ice Cube [ VERSE 3: Ice Cube ] Who's wearin the pants, who's wearin the pants, nigga? If you ask me, I think that her dick is bigger Than your little dick, and I'm tellin you, Jay The bitch got you locked down like Pelican's Bay Now I told you if you fuck with the hoe She's guaranteed to have you trippin And me and you set-trippin I told my muthafuckin crew To kidnap the hoe, and they came back with you [ King Tee ] I can't fade a nigga that's bitch-made Kool-Aid pumpin, tell a bitch somethin She'll have your ass cookin dinner While she's lettin every nigga in her hood run up in her [ Ice Cube ] Got you runnin like Bruce Ginner, and the hoe be Pussy-whippin your ass like Toby Now you act like you don't know me Only a mark'll put a hoe before the homies Word - this muthafucka is different Yeah Tell me your secret Not just any secret Just answer one question for me, baby Do you love me? I love you Very, very, very, very much Baby Can I come pick you up and take you shoppin? Spend all my money... I love you I love you Don't put a hoe before the homie The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Tha Triflin' Album Song: Blow My Sox Off Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (Suck my dick) Yeah Check it out y'all I see Tha Alkaholiks just stepped in the house In the middle of vocals Check this out Bobcat's in the house Big Mac's in the house And all the bitches in - Check - wait Speakin of bitches, you know Check this shit out [ VERSE 1 ] Hoes don't know, man, hoes don't know All they have to do is blow my socks off and go And ain't no need to kick it, cause we're not goin out No movies, no grub, no pancake house I thought you knew the deal, I thought you knew who I was I spring for the budge, so you can get a buzz If you're a real cutie we can hop to the snooty And I slap that and tap that and wax that booty Just ask all your friends, they'll tell you the proof Give your sole to the lord and hand me the boots Cause I can make em scream, I can make em holler Don't ask me for no change, cause I won't give a dollar Cause bitches be trippin when you ain't got the ends You ain't got the Benz, well, you ain't got the skins So I don't play the games, cause these hoes been tossed Straight out, you little hooker, just blow my socks off (Gobblin up nuts, sort of like a humming bird) --> Ice Cube (Suck my dick) (Suck my dick) [ VERSE 2 ] Blow it, baby, blow it, then lick them nuts Boy, you drive me nuts, socks fly when you suck My ding-a-ling-a-ling-a-lingy, long like a slinky Let me reach around and tease your nipple with my pinky Tramp, don't front, I know you're out there skeezin Kam said you do it like 'every single weekend' Walkin round the club straight lookin for a trick But Tee'll never slip, cause I never trick my dick Hoes try to flip sayin that I look tacky Even though I'm dipped in a fresh pair of khakis And got the nerve to say I'm bony and I'm phoney Just because I won't take your ugly ass around my homies Cause I know you wanna fuck the whole crew First Starvin and Bobcat, Wavey and Pooh So I don't play the games, cause these hoes been tossed Straight out, you little biatch, just blow my socks off (Gobblin up nuts, sort of like a humming bird) --> Ice Cube (Suck my dick) (Suck my dick) [ VERSE 3 ] Like I said in the first verse, I can make em holler And King Tee won't turn down nothin but the collar Not lookin for a lover, just a good dick sucker Jimmy'll rise when I hear the lips pucker Suckin and smackin, gaggin and slurpin Grab you by the head, cause your tongue keep workin A bitch'll stand up and say that she don't give head That bitch'll suck your dick like she was bein cum-fed So (blow me, blow me) even though you don't know me (Show me, show me) and then show my homie And I don't play the games, cause these hoes been tossed Straight out, you little hooker, just blow my socks off (Gobblin up nuts, sort of like a humming bird) --> Ice Cube (Suck my dick) (Suck my dick) Yeah Straight out to all them Compton hoes Ya know what I'm sayin Bobcat's on the funky track Tha Alkaholiks in the house And I'm out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Tha Triflin' Album Song: Where'sa Hoe Sat (Cont.) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Warning.." [King Tee w/ a voice modulator] Ahhhhhhh.. Where da hoes at? Where da hoes at? Where da hoes at? Where da hoes at? Where da hoes at? Where da hoes at? Where da hoes at? Where da hoes at? Please can I go, huh, please can I go? I don't wanna kick it in your pocket no mo' I need some pussy bad, I need some pussy bad And I don't give a fuck if the bitch is on the pad Mr. Applebaum, you gotta put me on to fuck Anita, pump up the bass and not the tweeter Huh, I really need her, huh, I really need her Or if you know another bitch then I would like to meet her Huh Where's the hoes at? Where's the hoes at? Where's the hoes at? Where's the hoes at? Where's the hoes at? Where's the hoes at? Where diggy diggy diggy where's the hoes at? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Tha Triflin' Album Song: Triflin' Nigga Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	{*opening skit: man talking to girlfriend in car*} [M] You won't have to worry about anything when you're with me [M] cause I'm.. (?) reliable (?) 	{*while he's speaking, thug runs up and opens his car door*} [T] Nigga WHASSUP nigga? Get out the car nigga! [T] Give me your jew-els, fool! [M] What, what do you want from us? [T] You and your BITCH, nigga! 	{*car door slams*} [T] Get out here.. nigga you better get off this motherfucker punk [M] Look.. look out baby [M] I'm not givin up anything! You're just gonna have to.. 	{*gun blasts*} "Screamin!" 	{*second skit: argument between thugs over money*} [1] Where my motherfuckin chips at nigga? [2] Yo homey I already told you nigga I'd have it Friday nigga [1] Man FUCK what you told me nigga! [2] WHAT?! Nigga, fuck you motherfucker [1] Nigga what's happenin then nigga? Nigga! 	{*beatdown starts*} [2] Awww shit!! 	{*beatdown continues*} [King Tee] I gotta leave this crazy place, but my feet won't budge The niggaz always ask am I a Crip or a Blood? I am what I am and that's all I can stands I can't stands no more so I'ma scram Sell me a couple of ki's and buy a crib far away A place that the map don't say Cause I'm gettin kinda timid, at first I was with it Talk about jack moves, I did it I took cars, snatched jewelry, and boy I'd run with the colored rag over my gun And there was times I had to pop fools {*BLAM*} because they didn't believe that the glock rules When I say get out, get out! And I might not shoot Then I'm off to put your Dayton's on my Coupe But nowadays I have to figure What goes around comes around for the triflin nigga 	{*third skit: G's discussing a hit*} [1] There the nigga! [2] Nigga nigga fuck that, I'm gonna shoot this nigga right here [2] Man, watch this 	{*gun being cocked sounds*} [2] I ain't got time to be playin with this motherfucker nigga [2] Show this nigga what time it is nigga [1] Yo yo hold up [2] Nigga watch out nigga [1] Come on man [2] Nigga watch out nigga {*incomprehensible*} [2] Fuck that nigga man, fuck that nigga [1] We don't need to get indicted [3] Yo yo the nigga got a gat!! [2] Nigga fuck that nigga nigga! Nigga FUCK that nigga! [2] Nigga FUCK THAT NIGGA! 	{*BLAM! BLAM! BLAM-BLAM-BLAM!*} [2] NIGGA FUCK THAT NIGGA!! [King Tee] Back in the days I used to stand on the block with my box Watchin my boy run up to cars and sell rocks He was young and bold, lot of money and gold Kept a gat on hold in case suckers tried to roll A car stops, he trots, yellin here comes the cops He's only sixteen, but he's braver than his pops His mother and father, smoke crack like I drink brew Survival's on his mind so he serves them too School isn't important, he's importin big packages across the border, a little shorter than a million quarters All the women ride his jock like a jockey He says "I'm on top, there ain't a cop who could stop me" but confidence, is his best defense At night he carries a gauge he fit inside of his trench He says "A punk try to run up, I'ma pull the trigger" What goes around comes around for the triflin nigga! 	{*fourth skit: a drug deal in progress*} [1] What's happenin man you got those birds? [2] Yo you got the money homey? [1] Aiyy man whatchu gonna ask me somethin like that fo'? [3] Look man, fuck all the bullshit [1] Man here you go right here man [2] Show the money dawg 	{*briefcase is opened*} [1] Nigga, there you go, so what's happenin? [?] I like that, we in business [?] Man - fuck you nigga, this is a jack, it's a jack nigga [?] Always gettin him, hey what's up? [2] Nigga, strip down, get butt-naked nigga [King Tee] I heard one-time wanna peel my cap for the gangster rap to make niggaz start fightin back But I don't even give a fuck Pass the AK, and one-time better duck {*automatic fire*} Cause I don't give a fuck about a piece of tin I [*scratch*] shit off your chest and then grin And move on to the next motherfucker Cops ain't nuttin but the Klan undercover And they be lynchin motherfuckers up nightly That's why they need mo' motherfuckers like me To stand on the scene and pull the [*trigger*] cause I'm a triflin nigga 	{*fifth skit: passengers in a car*} [1] Yo yo, yo they got the lights on, that's the cops [2] Aww god damn! [1] Pull over! [2] Y'all just chill out, y'all just chill out, y'all just chill out [2] Chill out alright? Here he comes, here he comes [C] Can I see yer driver's license registration and proof of insurance? [2] What did I do officer? [C] Get get your hands on the wheel! [2] Man what did I do? What you talkin about? [1] Man fuck that nigga man [?] Blast that motherfucker, blast him! 	{*BLAM, BLAM BLAM BLAM, BLAM*} 	{*car peels out and takes off*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Tha Triflin' Album Song: Black Togetha Again Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch And that's how we do Smokin em muthafuckas No justice, no peace then, Mr. Policeman Save a life for your kids and your wife No more donuts and coffee And I'll be back once I get off these concrete streets Infrared scope and I'm mad as fuck I'm on the roof tryin to duck from the pigs, cause they suck Pick em all one by one, cause they all got a strap Tryin to beat us with the stick and the gat Lookin at the news and now I see pals Carlton, Koons, Hearns comin up sooner than he thought It might be at a stop light or maybe at the station Either way it go, I'm stilll makin bacon Stuff him with a apple in his mouth, make sure he's gaffled Tie his ass up and bring him back to my castle Throw him in the dungeon, leave his badge and his gun In the car, turn it upside down, burn it up And let it blaze, all I got left is one guage I slung all the ones that I brung from the gun Store, I gotta get at least three more And I could give a fuck what you think I got em for And all the King's hoes and all the King's men Go try to put this shit black together again Come on 12 whites on a black, what's next? Pull a man out his truck and get stretched I got a grudge with the judge Cause he don't show no love for chocolate fudge He only likes vanilla But we do all the work like Cinderella? And I'll be damned if I get paid at a minimum wage While they afford to eat like a smorgasbrod feast And leave us here down in the dumps The place where Donald Trump would get his ass jumped Slavin at Mickey D's for 4 bucks and a quarter And can't afford a Big Mac with a soda The biggest crooks, the biggest thugs there ever was Was the ones that they vote for and hope for Quicker than a zig-zag, they got big bags Fill em to the ceilin, now who's doin the killin? Then they point the finger at the young male black Workin two jobs, so he gotta sell crack So all the King's hoes and all the King's men Go try to put this shit black together again Come on Let's do it like the wild wild west Take off your holster and your gat and let's scrap But Porkey the Pig don't wanna get em up Unless you got your hands in some cuffs Will I break the law if I break your jaw? Turn around take two steps and draw And make sure your plastic kill Cause I came to get busy for real So when you jump in my fo' Make sure you slam the do' And no bullshit on my flo' Cause all the King's hoes and all the King's men Help put this shit black together again And I'm Audi The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Tha Alkaholiks Album: The Triflin' Album Song: Bust Dat Ass Typed by: nelly@itis.com King Tee: I'm the man that'll bust dat ass, I'm the man that'll bust dat ass J-Ro: Naw, I'm the man that'll bust dat ass, I'm the man that'll bust dat ass (say what?!) E-Swift: Naw nigga, I'm the man that'll bust dat ass, I'm the man that'll bust dat ass Hook: I'm the man that'll bust dat ass, I'm that man that'll bust dat ass King Tee talking: Yo check this out. This is Tha Alkaholik crew. E-Swift didn't they say it couldn't be done? They said King Tee couldn't bring out the Alkaholik crew (but we doin' it). Yo, it's the fresh shit. The dope shit for 1993. Tha Alkaholik crew. I'm gonna bust out like this, here we go, come on. King Tee: Now bust it, I'm a try to freak it with the drums Alkaholik funk, bass for the trunk And I'm kinda crazy, stupid and hey I can do the nasty and drink like a sailor I'm real smooth, free from germs Even walk away when my homie smokin' sherm Cause this is how I kick it, hoes got to lick it It's Tha Alkaholiks and J-Ro is wicked E-Swifts mad, cause he Got It Bad King Tees phat and I sport a blue rag For the little whips and the honey dips It's gang truece so I put away the clips Baby baby baby I might flip Got to get it on, let my backbone slip If I fall back then give me some gas If you try to play me I'll bust dat ass Hook (x4) J-Ro: Put the mic down clown, you can't get down Jump around stage like your name was Charlie Brown When the kid is played out your rap record is finished Deminish, you couldn't come strong if you ate a gang of spinish Popeye, you could never drop by, you can never stop by Cause you can never top I I got to hold back now I'm out before your turf Because I want it all like the nigger Greedy Smurf It's time to scoop the wack up, E-Swift bring the track up (alright) Punk you better pack up, cause the unit got my back up You're a mic stand, got a steady woman But I been in more sheets than the Klu Klux Klan I'm the J to the Ro, and I want to make it clear That you're rappin' like a queer so why don't you get on out of here With the alley cat coat wearin' Hush Puppy shoes ? seen you with (punk you ain't shit!) King Tee and the Liks blowin' up like gas I bend your rhyme over, I bend your rhyme over  I bend your rhyme over, I bend your rhyme over I bend your rhyme over, then I bust dat ass Hook (x4) Talking: Tha Alkaholiks, Tha Alkaholiks, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, Tha Alkaholiks. Straight for 93. Rippin' shit up. Tha Alkaholik , now you join E-Swift Hook E-Swift: I fiend to get busy like a bee, check 1,2,3! E-Swift and Tha Alkaholik crew with King Tee (baby) Bangin' niggas out the box, drink my scotch on the rocks And I'm makin' more hits than the motherfuckin' cops I'm kickin' lines like Tyson kickin' ass Niggas can't laugh, I put your neck in a cast (whoa) Yes, I"m the man with the skills to talk shit And I'm back by the crew that none of y'all can get with So back to the lab to fix your demo Or get played like Sega or Nintendo Simple as that, give me a beat that's phat And watch a nigga jump on a motherfucker like cheese on a rat It's strickly, dirty underground ass funk That's busting out the weak 15's in your trunk So don't be scared, be prepared when it hits The average motherfucker can't hand with the Liks Hook (x4) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Tha Triflin' Album Song: Tha Great Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (Really like to rock the funky beats) --> Chuck D [ VERSE 1 ] The majestic great from the head to the toes I ain't in a gang, I'm in my favorite clothes But I can scrap with any enemies or foes Cause I'm champion, just ask all my hoes Please don't push, or you wish that you didn't We're goin toe to toe, and it ain't no kickin My moves are kinda slick and my punches be stickin So put up your dukes, you little half-priced chicken Don't brother-brother me, cause I ain't your kin I'm aimin for the end, and I'm off that gin Tee came to separate boys from the men If I see another dance step, I'm shootin for the chin I sag when I stroll, cause I'm known as a hood I fuck real good, got trophies for the wood Hub City hangin, I love shootin fakes So bitch, make way for King Tee Tha Great Come on (say yeah) (Check it out y'all You don't stop Keep on) --> Big Daddy Kane [ VERSE 2 ] Back on the block I got juice with the gees I was writin rhymes while they picked up ki's Yeah, I got homies that be throwin up b's And I got family that be throwin up c's But to the O.G.'s it's all about paper Let's sling these birds and gangbang later I gotta be the great, cause ain't nobody greater A obvious rhyme would be E-Swift is on the fader Since I'm out west I bought a holster for my glock Sittin on the roof [censored] at the muthafuckin cops And the fuckin bitches that's burnin in a cock And Lord forbid, don't let me see my pops Cause it'll be a buck-buck, and another buck-buck I don't give a fuck, he left mom duke stuck No remorse, cause I love shootin fakes So run, nigga, run, here comes King Tee Tha Great The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: IV Life Song: You Can't See Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [King Tee] I run that old gangsterism on the normal The name is King Tee, I pack guns like it's formal With the utmost respect I be chillin Knockin MC's out cause I'm the best in this building I be the G-R-E-A-T, plus majestic Magical, radical, the technique is hectic I, floss upon the scene in the front and back Caddy Yeah, here goes Big Daddy, heh In my trunk I keep a whole fifth of 'gnac in there with some extra hollow points for my strap Cause I bust on fools, I shoot down fools that front The last of the few with the funk King Tipsy, who flips the, rhymes like I'm crazy You know these artificial gangsters can't fade Tee The original G, from the C-P-T I'm no joke on the funk fool, you can't see me 	"To all my people with the funk.." (Yeah)  You can't see me! 	"To all my people with the funk.." ".. where ya at?" You can't see me! 	"To all my people with the funk.." ".. where ya at?" 	"To all my people with the funk.." ".. where ya at-at-at?" [King Tee] Huh, I'm really into girls with fat cats Hoochies, and hoes, and some hoodrats I take 'em to the Snooty Fox for the spin but if they real proper, we hit the Comfort Inn I grab a fifth of Tanqueray and some Squirt A fat bag of chronic then we're coolin like Levert Turn on the porno flicks just to set the mood Toss the bitch up and leave her ass in the room Cause a bitch ain't shit like Snoop told it All I do is toss and let the next man hold it I chill at the bar because that's the spot where a bitch'll get ten dollars just rubbin on the cock Yeah, Tee bein a trick won't work You won't spend my money on no (??) and that's real, comin from a real-ass G I'ma just toss yo' ass like a salad beatch, you can't see me 	"To all my people with the funk.." ".. where ya at?" You can't see me! 	"To all my people with the funk.." ".. where ya at?" You can't see me! 	"To all my people with the funk.." ".. where ya at?" 	"To all my people with the funk.." ".. where ya at?" [King Tee] Now I'ma take the third verse to the neck then ask who's next and, ask who wrecks? I bring Tha Alkaholik spirit to the room Down two 40's, then hit the boom Release all your doubts cause, I'm what it's about The funky drunk man, in front with the stout And niggaz wanna test the fashion cause I bring passion, for those who's askin I don't trip I just, hit the switch for the funk shit I don't fuck with the punk shit I slang my rap like crack, and niggaz be cluckin A quick blast for the buck then they spark, and yo oh, peace to Mark for the beat from Carolina to the Compton streets They'll know, the original G, from the C-P-T I "Act a Fool" on the funk boy, you can't see me 	"To all my people with the funk.." ".. where ya at?" You can't see me! 	"To all my people with the funk.." ".. where ya at?" You can't see me! 	"To all my people with the funk.." ".. where ya at?" 	"To all my people with the funk.." ".. where ya at?" {*scratches ad-libbed to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ DJ Pooh, Rashad (The Boogiemen) Album: IV Life Song: Super Nigga Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DJ Pooh] It's the P-double-O-H in the sky I don't need a cape cause I'm already fly like a skydiver, a nigga got drag like a race car driver, plus I'va spit saliva, liver, than McGyver ("BAM!") Bump mo' bitches than a drunk driver Faster than a crackhead, mo' powerful than a loco when I gotcha in a chokehold I'm here to rid the city of them wack-ass groups Them wack-ass lyrics with them wack-ass loops They fakin like gangsters, turn into a Crip-tonight/Kryptonite They don't faze me, cause we can still fight But look, it's all about comin (up) up (up) up and away without bummin But a nigga don't need no Wonderwoman, hmm, I wonder who she been shuckin and jivin and fuckin Or some bitch named Lois cause the hoe is the lowest and she's Whiter than Snow is ("Too much of that Snow White!") I think I'll fly back to the hood Kick it with the homies where you know it's all good I'll be the first superhero with a strap I know I'm all that.. ("It's a crow, it's a bat, no it's..") [Rashad] The Super Nigga Boogieman is out to make a killin So fuck wastin time leapin over tall buildings Cause I can get loose like fluid Like diarrhea - I can, run right through it I see through walls, 'specially at the malls Ladies dressing rooms is where my duty calls A lot of super niggaz be trickin they powers Givin hoes money, and flyin 'em flowers (But can you think of one thing you ever gave a hoe?) No cause we Super Niggaz, not Captain Save-A-Hoe So back on up look, I'll catch yo' ass so quick and letcho' ass know we the wrong super niggaz to be fuckin wit I flash like lightning, powerful as bombs I flied back twenty years ago and fucked your moms And now it's ninety-fo', ain't shit changed but now you call me daddy, when you call my name Cause youse a silly mortal, you ain't down for combat I'ma Super Nigga, and you an Uncle Tom cat When I'm rollin through the hood they wonder is he the nephew, of Aunt Kizzy or Dizzy Gillespie, and the rest be like "That's the guy that's super, the fat track mover" So wack MC's come step to these nuts and get your crews cut below half, nigga do the math I'm the M-A-N, mayne I got a fly bitch with an invisible plane Me and her be doin some X-rated shit When I get the skins, in the cockpit She be callin everything from mommy to Jesus Just ask the homies, cause them niggaz can see us Cause them super niggaz too, from the crew So please stay tuned, for more adventures of.. a Super Nigga [King Tee] Mr. Insane King Tee motherfuckers from the boondox I bust the drunken style on my corner with the boombox I'm badder than the baddest inmate at (?) Retarded, but let me show you what this can do Create fright, niggaz scared to touch the mic I shock 'em, amazed cause the wino rocked 'em The best yet to like really catch wreck on the scene O.G. from the Alkaholik team I just scream (AHHH!) let my backbone slip Gotta get it on then take another sip Make it hip, a feeling MC's won't forget Bust crazy rounds then load another clip (well bust it) Like R. Kelly, "My mind's telling me no!" But fuck that, I kick the ill flow And deep down, I know niggaz is jeal' cause I'm pullin all the hoes and dickin 'em swell But hey, cut the crap, cause like herpes I'm back to give you what you want, I don't front or skip rap with the bo, ba-ba-bye, the wicked with Tha Likwit I'm wild like a winner with the lot-to ticket But kick it, you could grab a comb and try to pick it The nappy head sound comin from the underground Oh shit it's the great, the man with the strap I know I'm all that.. ("It's a crow, it's a bat, no it's..") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ E-Swift Album: IV Life Song: Duck Typed by: nelly@itis.com King Tee: Hey! Here comes the funk of the future And I can rock a rhyme from Perquorma to Hoover The westside kid, quick to do a bid Just watch me cock the glock and make room Shit man I got a 12 guage with the infared scope I found a Tec 9 it use to be a radio But now I'm a G, psycho, crazy Fuck what you say and buck buck and I'm suazy In my rag coup, front and back and it's quick Punks with bump and that 3 wheel shit Cause that's all you need when you need to be poppin' Bust a U-turn on 3 wheels by the cops and Damn if feels good to be triflin', you know what I'm sayin' cuz? Who got the wallet, cause I'm buzzed I got the black mack-11, sendin' fools to heaven Get the fuck out my way, this is Compton fool just... Hook: Duck!Duck! I'm about to bust some rounds. Duck!Duck! I'm fiendin' to bust some rounds. Duck!Duck! Yeah, I'm about to bust some rounds Duck!Duck! King Tee: Yo check it, they be like "He's a maniac!" Yeah, bitch ant that's real, get the fuck up out the car and just peel Yo punk I said right before I crash you in the grill With the ass of my glock, watch the blood spill Gangstas got love the nigga King Tee Just ask 'em who's the great weight, just watch 'em scream me Quick with the punch, rollin' like clunch Coming with the real shit, runnin' with a bunch of crazy niggas with wires Hammers and plyers, your money and your blood Plus the daytons and them tires I be goin' so low, you can't get under Niggas can't see me, ask Stevie Wonder, blazed in the chronic Bumpin' Delphonics, and my shit's screamin' like that group Onyx But hey, I'm the man that'll Bust That Ass open When I was young me BB gun even has a scope so... Hook King Tee: God damn it's King Tee with the funky bumrush Smoke a lot of herb, but I never hit the dust I can wreck them efx cause I ain't got my check baby This ain't no punk shakin' shit, I'm goin' crazy I think I'm goin' out of my head (say what!) I said I think I'm going out of my head, so E-Swift Since you rule in the cuts, give me the gun and just duck, come on E-Swift: Yo, I got a black case but it ain't for the mase It's for the 4-4 I use to blast you in the face Cause I be actin' kind of triflin' like my nigga Tela Cock the hammer blow you out your socks and your Filas Which way did he go? Which way did he go? Niggas don't know, I got to play the down low Punks jump up and get blasted to the ground So motherfucker duck, I'm about to bust a round Hook The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: IV Life Song: Let's Go Dippin Well it's a hot hot Sunday jump up around a quarter to ten Had to run and get this blunt that I left in my Benz I lit the shit and caught a early mornin buzz And called my nigga E 'What up loc?,' 'What up cuz?' I'm thinkin bout pullin out the trey for performance And maybe hit a few corners I let the batteries charge while the kids stood waitin For me to hit the switch and floss the Daytons I tap my shit, yo, my shit was hot So I drove her straight down to the wash spot They shine my shit up real glossy Suckers starin but my shit jumps like Kriss Kross G So fuck what ya heard cause my trey does flips The superclean three with the lifts I guess I got my whole day planned and I'm trippin Quick to hit the switch so let's go dippin Let's go dippin, dippin through the streets (repeat 3X) Now I'm rollin cocked up, flossin down the street I took Imperial to the beach But before I arose on the scene I saw the individuals rollin like a team Drove a little bit futher saw mafia for life Without a doubt everything was tight But they gotta watch out for the King Cause I can make my sixty-three sing No pigs round, no I ain't no sucka I'm doin sixty just hangin this muthafucka More Bound To The Ounce is what counts so I show it Even if it means I gotta total it Swervin from lane to lane A Cadillac just ain't the same If you don't know what I mean and ya sittin Come on, get in, let's go dippin Let's go dippin, dippin through the streets (repeat 3X) I felt like Cube cause today was a good day For me to act the fool in my trey I'm not worried bout a sucka tryin to stick and rob I just buck em down with my thirty-odd Creeped up to the beach, packed to capacity Hoes walkin by 'Hi Your Majesty' I said I'm not Young MC but what's the flava I played it like Troop cause I'm not ??souped?? I park my shit on three wheels cause I'm ill Compton's on the set with the real deal This one's for the riders all around the world Dippin through the hood wit your girl Bumps in the back, sunroof top Niggas lookin crazy so I'm reachin for the gloc Every hood knows where the blood and are crippin Ain't nothin like a Sunday out just dippin Let's go dippin, dippin through the streets (repeat 3X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: IV Life Song: 3 Strikes Ya' Out Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*whispered*} Love me.. give me love.. Give me love food.. Give me love, so that I can.. kill.. Give me love, because I can.. kill.. He's not real.. (the devil) and she must die.. Die.. (he is the son of man, he is the son of God) {*beat drowns out whispered vocals*} [King Tee] Three strike you're out they're makin niggaz behave No more slaps on the wrist gettin 90 days Welcome to the next level, it's the new world order Snatch ya like a tractor, might kill ya for a quarter I put that on my moms, that's on everything I love Nigga what? Catch a L, make you cry like a dove So sucka free is the only way for me You don't get paid just for bein O.G. We've been had, we've been tricked, we've been played right when we, went left, for what? We shoulda stayed Stressed all the homies just to show they mean business Rushed 'em with the quickness, killed 'em with the sickness Tried to save his life, give him CPR, huh Somethin for the lungs, fat African drums So clear up your sinus and keep your nose clean Khakis so hot it makes the one-time stop Three strikes, you're out, then a nigga pays We in the cage, black man is bein slayed Three strikes, you're out, then a nigga pays We in the cage, black man is bein slayed [King Tee] Get with the lyrical miracle whippin up gingerbread cookies out you rookies, huh I can't stands no more, grab the floor Hit the deck when I let loose the tec (c'mon) 'Nique, freak any beat nigga Westside 106 (?) Street, uhh The loco's, chocolate like cocoa Get your punk-ass balled up in the trash (AHH!) You stepped on my stars, motherfucker say sorry This wild style's like lion country safari This is for my loc's back at the Ponderosa Check my file, bring it to trial Get with that new, ninety-fo' shit Yes it's funky like a jackass, don't even trip I got pages and pages of metaphoric phrases Too complex for the human eye to catch It's the, gangsta boogie, do you want a example or do you just wanna taste a sample? Out of control, gone, warped, zoned, toned Hand me the heater, I need the speakers Sparks, flames, no name but peep game Smoke like a choo-choo train It's the criminal minded nigga King Tee with the Westside Riders, comin creepin crawlin like spiders We've been bit by the dog, call the catcher stretcher Judge Fletcher betcha, raise your blood pressure The unsolved mystery, mixed up our history Put us in the twist, we no longer exist, like .. dinosaurs dissapeared, then it's like .. mine and yours dissapear, so it's like servin soon, here comes your doom Right when the world go ka-boom, so am I sane, or, sick in the brain? Or do everybody style sound the same? (Yep) [Chorus] - 2X [Outro] Yeahh... beat terrorist.. (?) TR, the funk ignitor My nigga King Tee with the funky West shit right? Check this out.. Beat terrorist, beat terrorist, beat terrorist, beat terrorist, (?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: IV Life Song: Down Ass Loc Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [King Tee] Well it's the musically drunken King Tee, with the fifth of funk Guaranteed to make you jump like my 12 gauge pump, huh I've been around since the days of the Sugarhill groove Bust it out with "Act a Fool" When I was seventeen, made some mad-ass green Bought a six-fo' and some more gold things Had to play the part for the G's on the block so I bought a blue rag, bought a black glock Ran with the bunch that was out to get paid The Westside of Compton over where the dead laid On Greenleaf and Central, where niggaz get mental for a dollar, makin punk niggaz holla I used to kick it on my front porch, drinkin some 'gnac while the homies stripped cars in the back Lifestyles of the short and broke Ain't worried bout shit, cause I'm a down ass loc [Chorus: repeat 2X] So break the nigga off when you come to my hood Cause the little B.G.'s, is up to no good Jackin motherfuckers for they Dana Dane's Got 'em jumpin out they shit like the House of Pain [King Tee] Yeah, a young man with the grown man's gun Tryin to stay full while he's livin in the slum I used to bang on fools like I was goin insane from a notorious Compton gang It's King Tee, strapped "IV Life" Cause I don't trust niggaz, I use the middle finger for the trigger Ease back, watch bullets, flock through the sky for the homies that died, and don't know why It's the crazy motherfucker with the hot-ass tec Makin hard niggaz hit the deck Lifestyles of the short and broke Ain't worried bout shit, cause I'm a down ass loc The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Tha Alkaholiks, MC Breeze, Xzibit Album: King Tee IV Life Song: Freestyle Ghetto Typed by: OHHLA.com, dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Xzibit] Ay, what the fuck man? (*laughter*) See, look, look, uhh [Verse One: Xzibit] I grab the mic and start breakin down niggaz without no problems Broadcastin live from the bottom Ain't no mic checkin worse, kick some rhymes if you got them But if it's whack, I draw back the cap for the peelin Shoulda stuck to rock dealin cause it's the blood stealin, super villain Chillin, stayin high like the ceilin See there ain't enough room for the both of us See it's a showdown, throw down, your best style I'll bust (yo) I write rhymes that make niggaz throw they sets up Couldn't hold my style if you had a pair of handcuffs In all disrespect I'll snatch you by your neck and do a suplex and step So nigga you can check my credentials Just hard rhymes and instrumentals Xzibit smash you wit a dental and a loaded pistol No longer lookin in the window I'll bust a field wit indo Killin quarts of beer, Sadie's outta here... [Verse Two: MC Breeze] Like a fuse, start spreadin the news It's ninety-four and Breeze is givin niggaz the blues I paid my dues, and now it's time to go on to the next mode Make room for the kaboom, cause I'm about to explode And drop bombs like a B1, cops I seize none And niggaz step up, I soak emcees son Three seconds to detonate, you betta evacuate No time to hesitate, you fuckin featherweight I ain't the type to pick up the mic and catch the stage fright I'll pull a gauge if I ain't paid right To the promoters on tour Short me a buck and a buckshot and the barrel is yours! I'm psychopathic like Manson, ain't wit the dancin But still I get more Cheers than Ted Danson More dough than Marino or roles than Pacino You beatin me? Yhat's only in your dreams ho I'm not sayin I'm unbeatable, I'm sayin I'm untouchable Livin comfortable just like a Huxtable plus I'm rollin with the crossroads Move in fast foward, while you other suckers stuck in a pause mode I goes deep like a great white, but I'ma stay black No matter how high the pay stacks, or if my rep gets bigger You might get take this nigga out the ghetto, but not the ghetto out this nigga [Verse Three: J-Ro, Tash] For the balls, basketballs, microphones gas and grass (hey) Some of the few things J-Ro likes to pass 93 mandingo, 94 I'm the pharaoh cause I'm b-b-bad to the bone marrow I get wild, with more styles than the martial arts I need weed, I roll more grass than golf carts April ninety-two you know the Ro was a looter Now I'm writin raps on my laptop computer J-Ro the tittie fiend, rap dean, wearin green Been on the scene, since the age of thirteen I learned I had to earn the mic, now's my turn I got Furious Styles like Larry Fishburne With the bitches tunin me in like it's the Young and the Restless Next up to bust my shit from the L-I-K-S's Yes it's the freshest with lyrics rough around the edges I'll smoke you on the mic like a pack of Benson Hedges But.. hold up wait, I'll bust rhymes that'll circulate That'll "Wake yo' punk ass up" like MC Eiht Cause I been rockin rhymes since the roof was on fire So point me to the bitch who's the dopest butterfly'er I'll make her break it down like she Patra when I catch ya Broadway is on the tables while I throw these lyrica at'cha So.. slow down before ya fuck wit my sound You better do the hokey pokey and turn yourself around [Verse Four: King Tee] Now me watch get Doggy like Snoop, funky from my group Make them wanna shoot, for various loop Fool, I got plots, bustin at the cops Gettin what I got, blowin up the spots Checkin out the scene, somethin like a dream How I become a king, hittin and stuffin all green Coolest of the cool, a God damn fool Breakin up the rule, I'm from the old school So ay, busters speach, no wait busters preach Signed by the each, trickin for the preach Known to be the boss, tipsy off the sauce Drunk off the funk cause Tha Alkaholiks floss The real situation, so peep what your facin The Zulu Nation on your nubians nation  Ready for the war, walk without a girl I'm livin cherry mood with the diamonds and pearls... You know what I'm sayin Some of that old black shit, you know what I'm sayin Comin from the West coast side, you know what I'm sayin That crazy shit Back off with that all other bullshit, what's up Jermaine My man Breeze is in the motherfuckin house tonight you know what I'm sayin My man Xzibit, yeah, Tha Alkaholik straight pumpin shit straight at you From the signifyin Crew you know what I'm sayin Day-alight, yeah, yeah, yeah  Check it out y'all? comin down tonight, broad way Jamboree, this shit is straight pumpin, word up Excuse me, excuse me, excuse me Let me do a motherfuckin back up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: IV Life Song: Way Out There Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Let's give it up for the fabulous {*scratched: "King Tee*} Fa-fabulous {*scratched: "King Tee*} Let's give it up for the fabulous {*scratched: "King Tee*} Fa, fa-fa-fabulous {*scratched: "King Tee*} [King Tee] All aboard the mothership, prepare to set sail Lyrics fat, swell as a killer whale Enemies approachin, identify yourself They're raisin up the flag, backin up they get to blast Open fire, cannons let loose Shut 'em down like the spruce goose Captain aye aye, they still floatin Give the order - blow they punk ass out the ocean, got 'em Drink hit the dank as they sink to the bottom Schools of sharks circles then the sea turned all purple Even Jacques Costeau punk-ass was scared to go And that just goes to show to uhh, let you know, uhh As I chill again like Gilligan and the Skipper A nigga kickin it with two hoes like Jack Tripper Swabbin the deck, just stabbin in my cabin Rubbed the magic lamp and out popped Aladdin like "What's happenin?" I said, "What's up? I want my rhymes to be the dopest Ala.. cadabara.. hocus pocus You think they can see me?" He said, "Nope not really cause the fog's in the air plus you're way out there" When you look up in the sky, ohh me oh my It's a bird, it's a plane, it's a god damn shame Tela come wicked and you best beware You will see when he kick it that he's way out there [King Tee] My style pattern's unique, exquisite, so come visit Exhibit A through G, through Z, E-N-T Stuck your equilibrium on activate Captivate the ear and then his eyesockets upon my pockets I left him in suspense, who's the, tribes and crews? Competition none exists bitches be blowin me kisses Others fall like missiles, the cap was artificially flavored My first verse, it quenched your thirst For instance, I'm makin people boogie but yet from long distance, causin it to interfere with your hemisphere Flee, it's a G recipe It get you hooked, havin fits off my shit [King Tee] They wanna wipe us out! I think they hate us Killers with the pencils and the papers and erasers I'm comin through ya living room boom, shok-a-lok-a boom Shake ya whole area, break your sound barrier So wake up if you sleep cause like a clock I tock I'm tickin Early bird, get the worm, and I stopped slangin chickens but I still be kickin facts, black, black on black crime Why the hell you jackin me? I don't have a damn dime My skills kill you like a deer with my spear When it rains it pours he fell from the tier off the third floor The pieces of the puzzle huh, figure it out And start fuckin around and we'll be diggin you out And it's just that simple put the thang up to your temple And now you got a permanent dimple It's King, Tee, the name nigga and don't get snotty Better knock on some doors and ask somebody (yeah) So fuck that other shit and grab my hand with all your might cause I'ma show you what that West coast like The flavor's unbelievable, nutritious, delicious Nigga when the Tee get loose it gets vicious [both parts scratched ad lib for four bars] Let's give it up for the fabulous {*"King Tee"*} [Chorus] - 2X {*"King Tee" scratched*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Nikke Nicole Album: IV Life Song: Let's Get it On Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [singers] Let's get it onnnnn.. it's time to get down Let's get it onnnnn.. it's time to get down [King Tee] Huh, for your convenience I'm fully equipped with the madness Plus I bring joy to the sadness Mr. Insane chose to bring the noise I flex out the best out, and I brought my boys for the function, wait bring the pumps and the bumps in Niggaz wanna trip I got pumps in my trunk then I rule all I survey, bust a move Ain't nothin changed but the god damn groove I bring forth fat shit on the money Homies wanna trip but I'm chillin with the honies My girl (?) and Nikki Nicole, gets papes I brought Sable just for old time's sake The real ruler wrecks records, I mean wrecks wombs But now I got the psychadelic tune I dedicate this to my true black sisters Niggaz bump this while they rollin on them twisters [singers] Let's get it onnnnn.. it's time to get down Let's get it onnnnn.. it's time to get down [King Tee] Yo I told you man I don't play around with the music I'm funkdafied, blowin up acoustics I'm rather remarkable when I kick the matter Skilled in the field of rough grammar I electrify and intoxicate the moment I branch out and crush my opponent It's +Super Nigga+ in the skies, wild mannered Reportin on the sound, you got to gets down like I toldja, and peep you can write it in your book Cause, yo - that's that shit with that Soul Train hook, yeah The blackness gets stronger, the soul gets deep Make room for the Alkaholik Sheik I persist to be the infinite all-time great I'm told that my name gained weight since the past, so hell, let me take it on the blast Yo yo, pass the rug before I bust my ass [singers] Let's get it onnnnn.. it's time to get down Let's get it onnnnn.. it's time to get down [King Tee] Hey nig bust the funk, I feel somethin comin +Tales From the Crypt+ or I might just be buggin No propoganda, I stand outstander A +OutKast+, like them kids from Atlanta I perform microphone exorcism on rappers I cast out the demon from them bastards And oh Nikke, you did the track, what's the plan? Step to the mic and show these hookers how to slam [Nikke Nicole] Flash for a style, Nikke is the picture Open as I enter, I'd like to send a track that's fat, constant non-stoppin From Brooklyn to Compton, my shit is stompin .. I like to parlay on the Ave Every now and then smoke a blunt, sip a Heineken I know a King named Tee, Tha Alkaholik "I can rock a rhyme no matter how you call it" Produce hits from the bassment I make loops, if they're used, I replace 'em Nikke Nicole, the soul sound, bring the whole crew We can all get down.. [singers] Let's get it onnnnn.. it's time to get down Let's get it onnnnn.. it's time to get down Let's get it onnnnn.. it's time to get down Let's get it onnnnn.. it's time to get down {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Sledge * Album: IV Life Song: Check the Flow Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * not 100% sure this is the MC's name We got them, Sledge, (?) ruff heads (check the flow) King Tee's on the set (check the flow) When niggaz try to get high-tech (check the flow) The dialect's on the flex [Sledge] Watch this, when I shine I bring rain Clouds, bust storms, yo, this ain't the norm When I perform, I get you up out your seat Get down with the real deal skills, then chill Then show your ass how to get amped, then lamp Stretch, flex, then tackle what's next Cause MC's, that luck up, need to hush up who can't brush up, on their rap style, shut the fuck up Then duck from the one that gets buck-wild I chop your ass in half, with a smile Big grin, all teeth, for those who got beef Fuckin with me ock, you're six feet deep Down in the ground, alone with no sound while I'm up here CHILLIN, top billin And illin, on all those, who oppose I wanna take one more shot, strike a pose, uhh! [King Tee] Smash, here comes the one that talks trash to garbage MC's, who try to diss me and my crew - the ill ville animal cannibal backbreakers, government amputators Bounce to this if you think you know the hits And all you gassed-up critics, put the brakes on the shit Cause I'm tired of this, and I'm tired of that Motherfuckers sayin King Tee's shit was wack But in fact, my rhymes crack backs and make money stacks by the truckload, now let's go for the gold So strap on your seatbelt yo and let's go And get down, to the sound that burns quick Cause I'm about to burn rubber, on this number and any MC who claims his style is legit Suckers wanna try me? (I know not why Tee) I light that ass up like the 4th of July G, uhh! [T] Check the flow, check the flow, check the flow yo [S] Check the flow, check the flow, check the flow yo [T] Check the flow, check the flow, check the flow yo [S] Check the flow, check the flow, check the flow [Sledge] Capital S-L, crooked letter humpback fuck that thump that, shit that's never wack Cause this goes out too all the niggaz that we rushin To hear the shit I'm bustin over ruptured percussion It ain't my fault that I'm layin niggaz down like asphault and blow your ass away like chalk, dust Then crush your monkey-ass unto the side Cause wrecked dialect is causin lyrical genocide [King Tee] I stress facts like IRS wants tax from anyone claimin that they're livin, kind of fat You see, I could get sick in the thick of shit I turn my toes up, when it goes up, my foe's butt Hey nigga back-steps, even you can get hit I'm more crankier than a bitch on the shit! Niggaz get heated cause they just got defeated by the two man team, the Sledge and the King, uhh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: IV Life Song: Advertisement Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Christian Brothers man.. {*burrrp*} Excuse me (Watch your manners man, what the fuck is wrong with you?) [King Tee] Check it out ("keep on") boo-yaow! Ah one-two, yeah bust it bust it.. What the fuck is goin on man? Ah one-two, who's comin through the door? Oh shit, well there he is! Tha Alkaholik funk in person  Yo, what should I do? Play like Heavy D and "Don't Curse" He's a mean one, no a clean one, he's the King hon  {*sniff*} I smell blunts  Hey, ask him has he seen one! It doesn't look like he has blunts in his handles Looks, more like, a fifth of Jack Daniels  Look what you dropped! Some crazy-ass shit for listeners Up against the wall with the bitches Damn, I wonder why he don't want the Chronic like snoop  Because he's from Tha Alkaholik group! (Oh yeah yeah that's right) There's one thing that can be certain  What's that? They be mixin Tanqueray with the Squirt and downin St. Ide's like water, oops (??) WHAT? (??) water, y'all can get looted Cause King Tee with the stupid fat funk, hey  What is this? Advertisement.. Hah.. ah one-two  Yeah, when you're in that Benz It's advertisement.. That's some shit, shit! Yo, ah one-two (yo yo yo)  Did you peep his walk? Yeah he walks real cool I guess that bulge in his coat is a tool  Yeah but for what? For those who don't know who he is The neighborhood jackers that bumrush kids  But yo I think he's straight, it looks like a 9 millimeter Yeah POW-POW, nice to see ya  Look he's stretched like he just got released from the county With a gang of little hoochies all around me  Well he always been a pimp Haha, yeah that's true Some say they bob with the K-Swiss shoe  Aww, you're buggin Nah man, that's the truth They say, Tela got hoes like Luke  FUCK LUKE! Yeah his records kinda shitty King Tee'll bust rhymes for the whole city  He's from Compton Yeah, just like Most Wanted  He drives a grey beamer with the blue pearl on it It's advertisement Ah one-two.. uh! Ah one-two..  {*scratching "Keep on"*} Huh, yeah, ah one-two.. Well, guess who got the fat shit for 1994?  Who is that? Alkaholik crew  Yeah I seen 'em on tour That shit's wicked, wait, oopsy-daisy, here's your ticket We paid $20 to see E-Swift mix  Yeah he wrecks shop Yeah that kid is kinda groovy Rip the turntables then step with a cutie Just get down, get down, the man like Ed Lover  Yeah, take his picture for the cover Advertisement! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Act a Fool Song: Act a Fool Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ VERSE 1 ] It's Friday night on the streets of L.A. I'm goin out, been hangin round the house all day So i take me a shower, dress like a big daddy Stop at the Arco, put some gas in my caddy Armor on my wheels, shine up my daytons Check my 12-gauge, I see jackers just waitin Got in my car, rolled up the tinted glass Looked for my Zapp tape to pop in my dash Can't find it, forget it, went under my seat Found my old fired tape of the song "Knee Deep" So I popped it in, then I pumped it up Love hearin funk because disco sucks Body got chills when the basses started poundin I took off because I'm goin to town, and Won't be back till mornin, don't have to go to school (Better get ready) I'm finna act a fool [ VERSE 2 ] Now I'm on the move, got a grand in my pocket Reached for my phone, plugged it in the socket Heard the dial tone, so I dialed up Aladdin He answered the phone and said "What's up?" I said "What's happenin" He said, "Where you been? I been tryin to get in touch The party's in Watts," I said, "I don't give a fuck" "If you wanna go, just wear neutral colors If anybody asks you, just tell em you're my brother" Stopped at the store to buy me a Cisco A 40 ounce and some crackers by Nabisco [Amount] and I pulled out a 10 And said, "Fuck it, Supersacco and gin I'm finna act a fool" [ VERSE 3 ] Now I'm drivin down Compton on my way to get Aladdin Feelin like a pimp till my tape started draggin It's a old tape anyway, it ain't no thing Pulled it out and slapped in Dana Dane Got to Aladdin's house and I honked my horn He said, "When we comin back?" I said, "6 n tha morn" So he got in the car, lookin half-dead So I gave him my Cisco and took the 40 to the head Now I'm feelin tipsy, and I'm headed for Watts But wait, what do I see sittin at the bus stop? Sexy Susanna, had a butt that kills Pretty long hair, but they say it's not real Aladdin yelled (these fake or real?) she threw a rock in my glass So I got out my car and drop-kicked her ass I checked out my window, everything was cool She was lucky I was nice and I didn't act a fool [ VERSE 4 ] We finally arrived at the party, drunk as a jerk Got out my car, pressed the kit so the alarm, would chirp After that we made our way, I tried not to fall Couldn't walk a straight line if they let me crawl Got to the door, and what spots my eye? My homeboy Mr. Prince, and he's smokin some Thai So I stumbled his way and said, "Hey, pass the jay" I took a hit for my mouth spray This girl asked me to dance, but I told the hoe no Cause she was on my tip cause of my big gold rope But it seems she got offended - that's splendid Before she starts somethin, I just slap her and end it Cause I feel like a gangster, and I just don't care About a girl with fake drag, fake eyes, fake hair Fake clothes, fake nails and all that fake jewelry All she wanna do is tell her friends that she screwed me I get nutty, act a fool when IIwant to Run up when I'm drunk and I just might pump you Take your car, your wife, keep talkin, your life Beat you down and have you smokin the pipe (You know why?) cause I'm cool (Well, kill me! Shoot me, muthafucka!) (I gotcha) (Oh goddamn) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Act a Fool Song: Bass Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [King Tee] Yo Pooh, let's.. drop.. some.. Bass, to make the walls shake and vibrate the floor, just like an earthquake King Tee is back again, but with a new topic I wouldn't listen too close cause it's toxic A new format, complete with the tool Even though I transform, I stay cool For me to get taken, how would you figure it Right off the bat, if you thought so would be ignorant or just stupid, or cold dumb I play lead vocals, Pooh plays drums Keith does cuts, suckers get torn but I gotta break, here comes the horns.. {*samples and scratches*} Bass, to make your heart shiver I know you, remember back when I used to wear silver but I gave it a toss, cause I was told that you're not a real b-boy, without real gold so I, went downtown to see how much is the thirty inch dookie It's quite a bit of money for a big gold chain Throw him a thousand then he hand me some change and now I'm cooler, in other words I got it goin Sway to the side, while I'm showin a professional skill that I put together with perfection I gotta clear my throat, punch in the horn section! {*samples*} Cause I need some BOOM, to crack the walls break the windows, shake the room When I'm done take my photo, this is how it go though King of cool lyrics, and I'm solo As a rhyme preacher, shoulda been a teacher Let the bass reach ya, and let it beat ya Never givin up cause I persist to be the dopest I wouldn't take it as a gag or a joke it's serious, bass drum kickin like a ninja You wanna dance to death, (?) send ya If you say that I'm the coolest I'll probably say "Truly!" But at this time I represent Keith Cooley {*samples and scratches*} Verse four, the part where I get it off then, try to rush it cause the studio costs I mean the main idea is BASS and you probably get a bruise when it's at your face, so don't get mad or either angry at me I'm just a lyricist, and my name's Tee The supreme cool kid who puts life in the mic I need bass from a drum, to hell with the pipe! Casanova Fly guy, funky fresh in the flesh and to those who don't you best believe I'm the best If it's fashion I'm flashin, just like the drums {"Hold it now.." - ".. here it kiddy come comes!"} {*samples*} Now Keith! (Yeah) How you livin homes? (L-l-like, like this..) Now everybody in the disco if you're feelin alright and you know King Tee's the MC of the night Don't front, get up, let me know what's happenin Keith does the scratchin for the King Tee's rappin I'm from Compton though, I travelled the nation and from every different state I get different condescation I'm the {k-k-king..} so just give me some space Back up and just let {cool drop that bass!} {*scratches*}  {cool drop that bass!} {*samples*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Ice Cube, MC Breeze Album: At Your Own Risk Song: Played Like a Piano Typed by: OHHLA.com [King Tee] King Tee's drunk again. Yo, check this out: awww shit, aw shit I wanna dedicate this song to all them motherfuckers out there that-that-that-that-that-that-that (not again) perpentratin'...perpetratin'... perpin' tratin' Wait, rewind (eh but yo...King Tee, man, what is this? What is this?) Some cool shit for the King's anthology and when I'm done, don't expect no apology Stupid motherfuckers shoulda stepped when I warned 'em I'm from the Boondocks of Compton, California I'm just anxious to whoop some ass I went to high school, but I flunked every class So what makes you think I give a fuck about respect? I'll put your bitch in check, and I'll bet you won't run up, son of a punk and a bitch, too I shoulda did a drive by on you and your crew Cuz ya'll be poppin' some shit that's unheard of For you, what's the word? Uh...(wack!)...it's murder, son When I be crushin' your hood with a passion and I ain't talkin' that Action Jackson When I come you better run for ammo or get played like a fuckin' piano.. And yo, we got my homeboy Ice Cube in the house from the motherfuckin' Lench Mob (what's up, nigga?) and yo Ice Cube, I heard you're a singer now man what's up? Yo, yo... [Ice Cube] Do-Ray-Me. But I don't sing, mothafucker I kick shit with the King, mothafucker Ice Cube will clock the cash, rock the mass and if you run up, I'll sock your ass And watch that eye get swollen cuz I'm playin' punk niggas like Beethoven So bust a cap or swing and die Fuck Yul Brynner, it's still The King and I Cuz where I'm from the sun don't shine so One-Time hope I only bust one rhyme But I bust one more for the suckers last year I was Ruthless, now I'm Lenchin' mothafuckers And you'll see in a tree, MCs and crews Now they're lookin' for me, King Tee, and Pooh Now every nigga that crossed me's soprano cuz I played their ass like a fuckin' piano.. [King Tee] Yo, check this out, we got my homeboy Breeze in the motherfuckin' house from the L.A. Posse, and he got some shit to holler Come on, man, bust this shit [MC Breeze] Well, I'm-a take the mic like it was a jack move Run with the beat as long as the track grooves Hot as lava, organized like a seminar serve you, your crew, him, and them and a couple of rap-saps who think they can get butt You slipped and shit, so nitwit, just get the nuts Killin' your high hopes, watchin' you write notes better walk a chalk line, not fuckin' a tightrope Rap slicker, thicker, quicker than others, then I stop swift Shift from 1st to 5th, while you stop to shoplift Take the mic stand whenever the duty calls if I bust a nut for every rhyme I had, I'd get blue balls Serious as drama, I'm-a watch her say "Me too." You're shorter than Michu, your rhymes are see-through You're nothin' like GQ, transparent, I made it apparent I'm here to wax and tax the incoherent Cuz B-R-E-E-Z-E will eas-i-ly re-main to be-e a top MC When you see me, I wear a beanie, and not a Kangol Now you got played, like a fuckin' piano [King Tee] This is just a sample of three black Nig-roes who grew up in the heart of the ghetto Doin' what we had to just to make ends meet some steal for a livin', some stand on the street just slang. Some gang-bang, but big deal They say in Compton, you gotta kill or get killed Mothafuckin' police pull ya over, slam ya down then tell ya that your hood is their town And I ain't goin' for no shit like that; cuff me up, take me to jail, I'll come back Talkin' much shit, cuz I talk what the fuck I feel a few weeks in the county ain't no big deal So a punk like you can't fuck with me that big ballin'-ass nigga named King Tee You think ya can? I don't think that you can, though Peace to Ice Cube and Breeze, and the fuckin' piano The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: At Your Own Risk Song: Ruff Rhyme (Back Again) Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Yo Pooh, man What you build in there, man? (Ah - one of those hypso-change-o-calypso-beat-a-matics) (There'll) (be an-) (other ruff rhyme)	--> Rakim (When I'm done) (There'll be another ruff rhyme) Another package from your slick Royal Highness Pay attention, so you won't have to rewind this Put yourself together for another funky clip I bring a lotta magic, but this ain't no trick It's pure skill I possess in my possession A crazy rhythm and my funky horn section And Pooh hyped up this funky ol' track So I thought about it, I'm comin (I'm back) (When I'm done) (I'm back) (When I'm done) (King Tee is back again) Now let me talk to ya to the best of my ability About the kid that's rockin this facility I bring to you peace and tranquility Don't try to front, cause I know you feel it, see My beats are masculine, I think that there hasn't been A better groove to keep you like dancing, man I feel thankful to feel there ain't no Sucker tryin to gank my spot, least I think so But I don't sweat, cause I can stand on my two feet Hold the mic and just curse the beat I don't complain about the crowd I attract Roll out the red carpet, I'm comin (I'm back) (When I'm done) (There'll be another ruff rhyme) (King Tee is back again) (There'll be another ruff rhyme) (When I'm done) (I'm back) (King Tee is back again) Well, this might seem odd You ask who taught me, well, it musta been God Cause ain't none of y'all cool like me The impressario, majestic Tee Some rappers are scared of me, they say when they dare to be Threatened, well, keep on steppin, I'll be prepared to be Jacked, Jack, cause your rhymes don't match You got bold when I left, now I'm back To stomp you, cause you stomp wrong, so I'ma stomp on Fool, you forgot, I'm from Compton This is just a taste of my album, really nothin Just to show you I'm back (I'm comin) (When I'm done) (There'll be another ruff rhyme) (King Tee is back again) (There'll be another ruff rhyme) (When I'm done) (There'll be another ruff rhyme) (King Tee is back again) (There'll be another ruff rhyme) (Back again) (back again) (back again) (There'll be another ruff rhyme) (There'll be another ruff rhyme (When I'm done) (There'll be another ruff rhyme) (Ruff rhyme) (Ruff rhyme) (Ruff rhyme) (When I'm done) (There'll) (be an-) (other ruff rhyme) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Act a Fool Song: Payback's a Mutha Typed by: jhsantos@sol.com.br (Intro) See,not long back when I was seventeen When I walk in the jam Suckers look at me mean They wouldn't give me respect Told girls I was wack You shouldn't have did that brother I'm here for the payback (verse one) They spreaded rumors about the king They said that I was a front All my rhymes are wack All my cuts are bunk They said I live in a slum My father's a bum They said my sister's a crackhead My brother's drinkin' rum But I didn't let it bother me Took my time Sat at the kitchen table Wrote my rhymes And now that I'm eighteen,I'm not a kid no more I could walk in a nightclub and wop across the floor I'm a show you I'm good Make you wish that you could do the things that I do If I could teach you I would See,back then you didn't like me I stayed in your path See my name on a flyer You giggle and laugh Tell people I'm soft when I could really get off You didn't know it,now I show it I'm the Hip Hop boss See,people like you are known for fakin' Frontin' and bluffing and perpetratin' Biting and lyin' and always waitin' For me to come around and see how much I'm makin' See,money I got, 'cause I'm a pro at this trade You thought you got away But you're about to get paid You told girls I was wack Shouldn't have did that brother Look, I'm King tee and my payback's a muther (scratch freestyle) (verse two) As I talk you get madder Because the crowd starts to notice A professional rhymer,yeah,you must know this I'm cooler than most Most of all I'm so cool Never smacked on the crack Because I'm too busy in school See,I just think you're jealous And you envy my style You hear my rhymes,say it's weak But in your mind you're sayin' "wow" Tell people I'm ugly and I got big lips But as I walk by your girl She wanna ride king's tip Going down in fame just remember my name Not a sapoe with a afro A king with a brain If a sucker gets beef And wanna battle,let'em come We'll discuss it over lunch And drink some one-fifty-one After that I set a trap Even though I feel tipsy The crowd starts to clap And I ain't even got busy I'm great Some even say I'm a genius You said my crew was wack You haven't even seen us So I'll get you back Can't survive too long Tellin' lies about the king But I could take it I'm strong Got a Emmy in rap for usin' my cool strategy Rappin' was nominated to get a Academy The girlies I get,suckers probably get mad at me But I don't care King tee is the baddest,see Fila's my trademark I'm going for a medal Letting off some steam Like fire to the kettle Sportin' real gold and a baseball cap You better look out punk I'm here for the payback (scratch freestyle) (verse three) See,I'm macho supreme Head honch of the team Numero uno Kadafi of the Hip Hop scene I could be a cool rebel I'm already tuff Dominate rap artist Never spoke on a bluff Down and I'm hard When I'm rockin' I'm smooth I get a trophy for mostly doin' B-Boy moves Affiliated with a posse Let me go down to the list Scotty Dee,Keith Cooley And cold crush Chris Vatchiek's a pro He's also down with the krew The master mind of the drum Dj Cool Pooh If you ever get souped up You'll look like a poot butt You'll ask me to stop And I ask you to do what I won't stop till I paid you back By the time I'm through with you You'll wanna smoke some crack Because I'm the King tee There is no other Ya better get ready My paybacks a muther (scratch freestyle) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: At Your Own Risk Song: At Your Own Risk Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash .. it's at your own {*repeating, getting louder*} .. it's at your own .. it's at your own .. it's at your own .. it's at your own .. it's at your own risk SUCKER! Yo! Whassup? Yo.. what's happenin, what's happenin? E-Swift, you cuttin the records nice boy DJ Pooh whassup man? We all chillin Yo, yo, J-Ro's in the house, we all cold coolin out y'knahmsayin? And I'ma bust it off like this for Compton Well - look who sprung up, comin the fuck up I came in the place to let you know what's up with a bunch of trunk jewerly Two or three fat gold chains, ring plates with my name on 'em Yeah I rhyme fly, real fly Hobbes I wear Nike's cause I run from the cops Pops taught me lots he said "Toys are for tots" At four, bought me a box, when I was six I wore a jock cause, my jimmy was gettin kinda big At nine I was a kid but I took my first swig Hugged that Olde English beer So my peers wouldn't think that I was queer Yeah, right off I got the title of a gangsta Pranksters run because they know that there ain't a person, runnin a verse on like this, hahahaha.. Whassup? This at your own risk, sucker Uhh! This at your own risk, sucker.. P-Puh, Puh-P-Puh-P-Puh-Pooh man fuck it! People always say, "Are you the King of the West?" But there's always some pest who try to put you to the test even though, they know I'm King, I'm on a higher level I even dust the church and sold they soul to the devil I mean really, how you think I'm livin? On the strength I'm livin like it's Thanksgiving So yo, whassup turkey, tryin to jerk me? Your rhymes don't work see, you can't hurt T The almighty individual You said you knew, but I don't think you really know about the K-I-N-G super cool mack daddy I drive a Caddy, and I'm livin fatly Had me on stage in a rage Yellin was what ya know, that's how I get paid Made my mark but rappers still insist, to diss but yo it's at your own risk sucker Sup? It's at your own risk Aiyyo, E-Swift, bust the break Verse three is another one for those to remember King Tee is the champ, smashin all contenders For those who disbelieve, just step in my direction I'm snappin arms, legs and even necks and suckers who thrive to drive me crazy You know the ones who front tryin to amaze me Take it as a warnin cause I'm hopin that you don't diss But get a load of this, it's at your own risk, sucker! Yo, it's all about me and DJ Pooh and E-Swift Rockin the house, y'knowhatI'msayin? We got Walkman in the house We got J-Ro in the house We got (??).. {*echoes*} Y'knowhatI'msayin we cold chillin y'know I wanna send this record out, to the Piano Man Piano Man, won't you play somethin for me Aight, get busy, right here, c'mon c'mon Get funky, get, get funky, c'mon c'mon Get funky ass oh, ohh yeah Get funky, aww ooooooh shit! It's at your own risk suckers, knowhatI'msayin? Yeah, E-Swift, scratch that in Awwww yeah.. Aww you're doggin it man, y'knowhatI'msayin? SEE YA! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Act a Fool Song: Guitar Playin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pooh] Hey King Tee since this beat is kinda rockin I'ma let you rap and get the suckers cold clockin So yo loc', hear the beat I'm displayin (Yep) But now - "listen to the gui-tar playin" {*E. Sermon*} "listen to the guitar playin" {*E. Sermon*} "One, two, three.." [King Tee] Yo, now if you're hip to me, then I guess you heard "Bass" but I got another instrument to flaunt in your face It's not a flute or a trumpet, don't beef cause you love it A funky guitar rhythm that Pooh sampled and cut it So for those who really know what dope stuff sounds like If it sounds good, sounds funky, or sounds hype Put your ear to this and let me know what you think Yo Pooh, bust the guitar while I grab me a drink "listen to the gui-tar playin" {*E. Sermon*} "listen to the gui-tar playin" {*E. Sermon*} [King Tee] Now to many people this tune is like fazin Get the crowd dancin with the funkiest persuasion Hypnotizin suckers with some personal-fication Get the crowd movin (c'mon) motivation See I'm like a symbol to MC's I'm a father No wait, I'm a lyricist, better yet a saga Enough about the King cause you know I get far I played with the "Bass" now I'm messin with the guitar And the way that it sounds you say "Shucks!" It can't be real how the player just plucks on the strings, it rings yo, it's like the funkiest rhythm Pooh brings the drums with the sticks to hit 'em It's not ballet jazz punk rock or swing it's dope rappin brought by the T apostrophe King And if I was in school and this was an assignment I wouldn't type it or write it I'd just rhyme it Cause rhyme is what I like I got a metaphor background A punk jumps up, I bust a verse, he sits back down Huh - I wrote a epic, I hope you accept it Fly stupid rhymes I composed and perfected I'm down with some people that know what they're doin Darryl and Bobcat and Dwayne and DJ Pooh and Keith Cooley is cool see, I'm the coolest person Somebody drop the guitar before I start cursin "listen to the gui-tar playin" {*E. Sermon*} "listen to the gui-tar playin" {*E. Sermon*} [King Tee] So, as it looks, the people like it The funky guitar tune that we ignited Pooh, I mean really, suckers be stumblin when they hear the funky guitar strummin You know frankly, I think this cut is kinda musical just like my "Bass" song, but don't get them confused though The guitar gets your mind in the funky kind of state, huh and my bass makes the walls shake (yeah) Suckers can't come close with what I got goin what I be doin, what I be showin How I be conquerin and how I keep rulin What makes the King Tee stay so cool and where I get my Fila's from, how I learned my slang How could I afford such a big gold chain and fly girlies tempt me when (?) wanna hit me Why I drink brew til my body gets tipsy To ask all the questions that I just spoke though It's not magic or a hoax I'm just loco I like bustin on the funky dope track Smooth like T, mo' powerful than a gat Now that you know what's goin around (c'mon) here comes the funky breakdown That's smooth man, that made me laugh at all these suckers man You laughin too Pooh? (ye-ye-yeah, hahahahaha) "listen to the gui-tar playin" {*E. Sermon*} (hahahahaha) "listen to the gui-tar playin" {*E. Sermon*} (hahahahaha) Yo Pooh, yo Pooh, break it down for a minute Let me talk to the party Now yo, me and Pooh is feelin real hot right now y'know But we want y'all to know, that see, me and my crew we from Compton, y'all heard about Compton? Scratch Compton (Compton!) Aight, see that's where we from (Compton!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: At Your Own Risk Song: Diss You Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (Hello) I should diss you [ VERSE 1 ] Excuse me, lady, you're lookin real nice Where you been, I been lookin for you all my life So how's about lunch with a winner? Then again it's kinda late, so what's up with dinner? At my place or my place or my place or my place By the fireplace or the candle light About 7, or make that 8 o'clock tonight Make up your mind, let's wine and dine Get with me or back up off my line Cause I can't wait for you to call me You're steppin on your suit the very second you saw me I thought you said that I'm the only one That can send chills up and down your - ehm Gold rings and estate, too (Hello, is this you?) Man, I should diss you Yo, I been waitin all night long And you didn't even ring my phone I should diss you Since you tried to play me like booty I just feel that it's my duty I should diss you So don't give me no excuse But before I cut you loose I should diss you And there's nothin you can say And there's nothin you can do I'ma diss you I'ma diss you Diss you [ VERSE 2 ] You claimed you would stick like SuperGlue But you're low, down and dirty, so I'm dissin you Yeah, I'm dissin you, I won't be missin you I won't be kissin you, I hope you're listenin, too Cause I realized that I'm real fly So (see ya) later (bye) Cause you only get one chance at this You played me wrong, so I'ma diss you, miss For the fact that you thought that I could get done The K-i-n-g Tee ain't the one So miss me with all that stuff you're talkin I know you're sorry, but keep on walkin On about your business, I'm almost finished Tyin up loose ends, and Let the door hitcha where the dog should bitcha Even though I should dissed you I shoulda dissed you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: At Your Own Risk Song: Can This Be Real Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Yo What's up King Tee's in the muthafuckin house Got my homeboy Young Floyd in the house J-Ro's in the house But yo [ VERSE 1 ] Now here's somethin everybody can relate to I know you hate to, but I feel great to Be the man to shake you, awake you and make you Stop sleepin, and I do what it takes to Bring a screechin halt to the snoozin First listen to the jam before you start choosin And refusin, sayin you can't hack it You never even bothered to take it out the jacket Put it on the turntable, have a listen Then if it's wack, start dissin Now I understand why you're dissin my cut So I spit in my foot and stick my fist up your butt Cause you have no business, really in this And I have no time for that diss-diss I shoot a rhyme at you like I'm shootin to kill And you can do is ask yourself (can this be real?) [ VERSE 2 ] Now this song, I dedicate it to the sleepers Nothing real hard, just a little teaser For those who told those that the King Tee was done with No, not quite, yo Pooh - pump it Suckers don't front, I know it's me you admire I take your girl, set her soul on fire I use the mic like a gun and my rhymes like ammo I go Tyson while others go Rambo Pooh-puts are warned, break north while you can, bub Give up rappin, join my fanclub I'm the rap reverend, hip-hop evangelist Yo, I can handle this, pass me the canabis Pro rap artist, and my rhymes are kinda raunchy Start with somethin smooth, end with somethin punchy See, I can rock, funk, rock, reggae or salsa Heavy metal or some soul, disco at the casa Just to the point of a vinyl convention Tee does the rappin, E does the mixin So if you're still sleepin, yo, that's ill But when you're awake - what's your question? (Tell me, can this be real?) Let me see if I can bust this one off Right here One take [ VERSE 3 ] As I resume with my rhymes, or should I say continue You got the nerve to try to pretend you Don't like what I'm doin or sayin so far But usually when I'm done you're satisfied, of course I don't front or fake, don't base or sniff Don't rob or steal or shoot dice and pimp Cause I love to hang out with my posse and chill You might think I'm a thug, so think what you will I got a girl with a curl, and a homie named Sonny Never smoked crack, cause the shit smelled funny King Tee, my alter ego, there's not to be a sequel Suckers try to diss me when I entertain the people Hey, I'm a murderer, your girl, I'm servin her You feel like beefin - hah, the nerve of ya I hit you so hard, it make your mother feel dizzy Back up, punk, the King came to get busy (Tell me, can this be real?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Tha Alkaholiks Album: The Triflin' Album Song: Bust Dat Ass Typed by: nelly@itis.com King Tee: I'm the man that'll bust dat ass, I'm the man that'll bust dat ass J-Ro: Naw, I'm the man that'll bust dat ass, I'm the man that'll bust dat ass (say what?!) E-Swift: Naw nigga, I'm the man that'll bust dat ass, I'm the man that'll bust dat ass Hook: I'm the man that'll bust dat ass, I'm that man that'll bust dat ass King Tee talking: Yo check this out. This is Tha Alkaholik crew. E-Swift didn't they say it couldn't be done? They said King Tee couldn't bring out the Alkaholik crew (but we doin' it). Yo, it's the fresh shit. The dope shit for 1993. Tha Alkaholik crew. I'm gonna bust out like this, here we go, come on. King Tee: Now bust it, I'm a try to freak it with the drums Alkaholik funk, bass for the trunk And I'm kinda crazy, stupid and hey I can do the nasty and drink like a sailor I'm real smooth, free from germs Even walk away when my homie smokin' sherm Cause this is how I kick it, hoes got to lick it It's Tha Alkaholiks and J-Ro is wicked E-Swifts mad, cause he Got It Bad King Tees phat and I sport a blue rag For the little whips and the honey dips It's gang truece so I put away the clips Baby baby baby I might flip Got to get it on, let my backbone slip If I fall back then give me some gas If you try to play me I'll bust dat ass Hook (x4) J-Ro: Put the mic down clown, you can't get down Jump around stage like your name was Charlie Brown When the kid is played out your rap record is finished Deminish, you couldn't come strong if you ate a gang of spinish Popeye, you could never drop by, you can never stop by Cause you can never top I I got to hold back now I'm out before your turf Because I want it all like the nigger Greedy Smurf It's time to scoop the wack up, E-Swift bring the track up (alright) Punk you better pack up, cause the unit got my back up You're a mic stand, got a steady woman But I been in more sheets than the Klu Klux Klan I'm the J to the Ro, and I want to make it clear That you're rappin' like a queer so why don't you get on out of here With the alley cat coat wearin' Hush Puppy shoes ? seen you with (punk you ain't shit!) King Tee and the Liks blowin' up like gas I bend your rhyme over, I bend your rhyme over  I bend your rhyme over, I bend your rhyme over I bend your rhyme over, then I bust dat ass Hook (x4) Talking: Tha Alkaholiks, Tha Alkaholiks, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, Tha Alkaholiks. Straight for 93. Rippin' shit up. Tha Alkaholik , now you join E-Swift Hook E-Swift: I fiend to get busy like a bee, check 1,2,3! E-Swift and Tha Alkaholik crew with King Tee (baby) Bangin' niggas out the box, drink my scotch on the rocks And I'm makin' more hits than the motherfuckin' cops I'm kickin' lines like Tyson kickin' ass Niggas can't laugh, I put your neck in a cast (whoa) Yes, I"m the man with the skills to talk shit And I'm back by the crew that none of y'all can get with So back to the lab to fix your demo Or get played like Sega or Nintendo Simple as that, give me a beat that's phat And watch a nigga jump on a motherfucker like cheese on a rat It's strickly, dirty underground ass funk That's busting out the weak 15's in your trunk So don't be scared, be prepared when it hits The average motherfucker can't hand with the Liks Hook (x4) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//king_tee/actafool/coolest.kgr.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//king_tee/actafool/coolest.kgr.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ MC Breeze, Mixmaster Spade Album: Act a Fool Song: Just Clowning Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash .. "It's the joint!" [King Tee] Yo whassup, it's King Tee on the vocals I rock the coolest rhymes, from here to Acapulco I drive a Cadillac, not a played out DeSoto Look I'm fin' to pose, photographer take my photo Cool is back, in fact I'm comin exact It's MC Breeze and King Tee, and Pooh on the track So we all got together, and thought of a freestyle Gather round the stage, and come see how pros go for what they know and get paid for it And I brung along the Breeze, so you can enjoy it .. and to fans I'm an idol It's me and Breeze, "Just Clowning" is the title Get up what's happening? I'm a King, not a Captain Do the most coolest rappin, talk smack I'll be gat'n I'm the King Tee punk, and I don't talk junk But I do smoke blunt, love rappin to funk You know the mic is like a vine I swing on it like Tarzan I drink a Coke and hit a note like Barbara Streisand Step up, fess up, stand around and get down to the song "Just Clowning".. .. "It's the joint!" (repeat 4X) [MC Breeze] Well I happen to be, hopin to be, a big-timer A dope rhyme and you won't find a nother MC who can get with this program Served by no one, I mean no man You say I'm good it's the truth, you're not soupin I take it as a compliment and keep troopin Unlike most you know I never stop flowin My name is MC Breeze cause I'm the master at blowin rhymes and lyrics, that is my specialty I'm high-fidelity, you can't mess with me Don't even think you can just sneak up on bein number one, is a high that I'm stuck on I'm on a mission, wishin, all the time you spend that you would make a legend or a monument I'm not souped up, or a pooh-butt I only lay my voice on a track that Pooh cuts A beat is like food for thought so I eat it I'm feelin kinda hungry Pooh so just feed it Keep the bass poundin I like the way it's soundin Pooh is gettin ill while me and Tee are "Just Clowning" .. "It's the joint!" (repeat 2X) [King Tee] I've been rappin for a while, I'm acquirin chapstick Like a magician with the mic I do a hat trick I don't wear a cape, or perform at a sideshow Let me hit the 40 cause my throat is kinda dry yo When I'm on stage it's like a Broadway play King Tee and MC Breeze and Jennifer Holiday But Breeze, my throat's gettin so' {*rasping*} Get on the mic and won'tcha give it a go [MC Breeze] Clowning, is like actin ill sometimes But when I ill, I like to say a dumb rhyme to increase my fame and star stature I'm like Anita Baker I'm caught up in the "Rapture" Hittin like bolos when I go solo Last name is spanish but yo, I'm not a cholo Keep the bass poundin, I like the way it's soundin Pooh is gettin ill while me and Tee is "Just Clowning" [King Tee] But but but Breeze.. you know me and you can clown right, right? We gotta see if.. Mixmaster Spade can do it .. "It's the joint!" [Mixmaster Spade] Well it's Tuesday night, I got nuttin to do I guess I'll get on the phone and call DJ Pooh Say "Whassup Pooh? Are you beat?" He say "Forget that stuff, let's hit the street" Since I got a Caddy, and you got a Z I can roll witchu, or you can ride with me I say "We goin to a club that's dynamite" (WHERE?!) The Red Onion on a Tuesday night I walked in and glanced, shook a few hands Grabbed the baddest broad, then I commence to dance I looked the DJ, and said "Whassup?" He said "Spade's in the place and he's +DOIN THE BUTT+" Now I'm back to the rap that we have at hand I'm the Mixmaster man with the master plan I slapped the girl on the butt then she started to frown And .. [King Tee] Yo Spade, cool out! Man, we "Just Clowning" .. "It's the joint!" (repeat 4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee (feat. Tha Alkaholiks) Album: The Trifilin Album Song: Got it Bad Y'all Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Ladies and gentleman, that nigga King Tee and the al-cum-a-holiks Verse One: J-Ro Pooh-butts play the rear cause I'm makin yapes The rhymes ain't no thicker than a, skittle grapes A lot of girls would like to thank me, for the hanky-panky On the mic I hold a belt, now I know no one could spank me It took a long time for the people, to hear my rhymes Seems like I been rappin since my birth in '69 Sorry to keep you waitin, I run rhymes like Walter Payton I get a rhyme like spokes on a Dayton But I won't knock off, because I just rock off the beats to get funky, like when you take your sock off To all the white folks I would like to say howdy And to all my brothers I say peace quit actin rowdy Wack MCs in ninety-two, ew you need to take a rest the public don't you aim the best you're softer than a hookers chest raps, I make em, snaps, I make em For duties movin booties cause I shake shake shake em And I got rhymes, funky funky rhymes E-Swift hold the needle down with nickels and dimes I drink Olde English, St. Ide's and Mickeys When it's time to roll I throw on my black dickeys On the mic I get wicked, like Wilson Pickett I get the place jumpin like a cricket when I kick shit I'm from the West coast but don't sleep home-stimpy Even if I was a paperboy you still couldn't rip me I walk up and chalk up pairs like the Knicks I'm all in the mix like snares, and kicks When it comes to rhymes I get loose like belt buckles Those who chose to oppose this nose is felt knuckles (Where you goin' to?)  To the tip (And what cha bout to do?) Bout to rip Some people use the word funky too loosely And just how many rappers say they kick it like Bruce Lee (What's your favorite brew?) Olde E (And what it make you do?) Go pee It used to be about rhymes, all about rhymes Now rappers rearrangin, and changin like times I got it bad y'all, I got it bad y'all When it comes to the pen and the pad y'all I got it bad y'all, I got it bad y'all When it comes to the pen and the pad y'all Verse Two: E-Swift Back the fuck up, gimme room to breath Not too many niggaz can flip the rhymes like these I freak the technique as if it was a bitch Got more soul than the pit with a fifth Pitch the ball, so I can beat it with the bat Talk some shit, so I can smoke ya with my gat I'm feelin kind feelin kinda feelin kinda feelin kinda feelin kinda buzzed off a sack of chocolate tie My my my ho, I like to rip the shows up Smack the hoes that walk around with they nose up Run to the liquor store, before they close up Buy a few 40s, cause daily I get to' up Sit at the crib and write RIGGY RIGGY rhymes Line after line after LIGGY LIGGY line Yo I can get funky, buy my tape and bump me To the break of dawn I hit the bud and pass it on Hangin at the park, shootin craps on the weekend My brown bag is wet cause my tall can is leakin Starin at the cops, beatin up on Rodney While a pack of O.G.'s steppin to me tryin to rob me Just because I'm dope, niggaz wanna smoke me On the mic I get funky while you're doin the hokey-pokey Dance steps, I think that you should leave to Paula Alkaholiks is the shit, E-Swift's the smooth bawler Is slangin these rhymes like a rock Life ain't shit but money and a glock Don't punch a clock, but I cock a fat knot So I can smoke a lot of pot that I roll up with tops And ya ain't heard shit yet, I'm just gettin warm Like hot butter on, SAY WHAT?, THE POPCORN I'm headed to the top, please give me my props My beats are fat as fuck so bump my shit in your box I love to hit the skinz, but then again WHO DOESN'T I love to hit the herbs cause it leave me feelin buzzin I dedicate this chumpie to the poets who can wreck And to all the nottie dreads I gots to give them nuff respect (Where you goin' to?)  To the tip (And what cha bout to do?) Bout to rip Some people use the word funky too loosely And just how many niggaz say they kick it like Bruce Lee (What's your favorite brew?) Olde E (And what it make you do?) Go pee It used to be about rhymes, all about rhymes Now rappers rearrangin, and changin like times I got it bad y'all, I got it bad y'all When it comes to the pen and the pad y'all I got it bad y'all, I got it bad y'all When it comes to the pen and the pad y'all Verse Three: King Tee Up jumps the man with the loot Rockin like a troop with the Alkaholik group Everything is kosher, got a little taller Livin kinda phat cause King Tee's a bawler I just, irritate the wack, leave em so confused When I'm checkin on the mic with the ones and twos Sneak you a peek of the drunk technique Can't stand up, need to take a seat Baby baby baby it's the Alkaholiks But I can freak the mic no matter how ya call it Metaphors grand, and I'm the great man Drink a whole fifth YES I CAN YES I CAN CAN The girls call me dick-em-down Got that title rockin for the crown Catch y'all later, around next weekend I'm a Alkaholik and I'm late for my meeting The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Mixmaster Spade Album: Ruff Rhymes * Greatest Hits Song: Ya Better Bring a Gun Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ VERSE 1: King Tee ] They live on the street and they hustle for fame Some kill for a livin, some sling cocaine Because it's now a lifestyle and a full-time job And if you live in Compton, it's like at McCobb From block to block everybody's bad And if you don't know where you're at, then your life's been had Cause they walk in the street with intentions to meet Some sappy lookin punk with Fila on his feet And if you try to act tough, well Mr. Tough, you're through Cause everybody's a family, if not, they're a crew I'm here to give some advice advice (Run!) Cause if you're ever in Compton, you better bring a gun Yo, here come my homeboy Mixmaster Spade Man, what's up, man? Hey man, ain't you from Compton, man? (Ah yeah) Alright man, tell em what's up, man What you used to do [ VERSE 2: Mixmaster Spade ] I used to cut up the beat on the two turntables Now I'm rappin on the mic, cause I'm willin and able When I'm on the mic I take no slack And everytime that you see me I'm tearin a gat I got .380s and .22s You messs with me, I'm gonna bust on you I got a .357 and a M-16 They call me Master Spade, and Tee's the King Now Compton is the city where the homeboys stay Rollin in a different car everyday Can't roll too hard, gotta watch my back Cause if I don't, I just might get jacked Now Compton is a city of a lotta fun (Can't walk down the street  (Can't walk down the street Can't walk down the stree without my gun) [ female voice ] Now you know this just don't make no kinda sense [ VERSE 3: King Tee ] Now the next place is kinda risky if you're walkin with your mother Y'all can get shot if she wears the wrong color They're all from the old school, nobody's modern The place I'm talkin 'bout is the Nickerson Gardens You can get away with murder, cause they murdered the cops Cause they said they tried to run a bumrush on Watts But they took control, slingers walk real tall While real down gangbangers write their set on the wall If I was you I wouldn't visit here, it's like hell And if you get robbed, who you gonna tell? I'm only here for advice advice (run!) And if you're ever in Watts, you better bring a gun [ VERSE 4: King Tee ] Now you got a nice car with a brand-new paintin Rag top convertable with all-gold Daytons You decide to take a ride down the Crenshaw strip You stop at the Fat Burgers to feed your lip You got your sounds bumpin, playin Zapp and Vibe A skeezer comes your way, you say, "Let's take a ride" So you're cruisin Crenshaw with her, you're goin to bail A brown Cutlass pulls up, they put a gauge to your head They say, "(Get our your car) if you value your life (And leave your money) if you love your wife" Now you're standin in the street lookin like you're on crack And you say to yourself: I can't believe I got jacked You call the police because your car they stole But when you get in touch with them, they put you on hold Your car is gone, nothin could be done So next time you cruise Crenshaw, YOU BETTER BRING A GUN! Alright, I wanna thank Mixmaster Spade for comin out to rock with me (And Greg Mack) the Mack Attack And I also wanna thank J-Ro and Sweet Tooth for comin out rockin (And DJ [Name]) And I wanna thank Scotty D, Cold-Crush Chris And DJ Pooh, the Hip-Hop Gangster (When he say beat em up he don't be bluffin) Word And oh yeah, I forgot somebody Unknown! (Yo man Who blew up that McDonald's on Central and Rosecrans, du?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Dr. Dre, Ice-T Album: Thy Kingdom Come Song: Intro/Thy Kingdom Come  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro] owwwoww Damn (*Laughter*) give me that That means every.... Everybody in jail gotta lock it up (*Cell Block Locked*) [Dr. Dre] Aiy, dog! Like we always do about this time.. [Ice-T] Yeah, this Ice-T, nigga The L.A. player And right now, you are about to witness Some of the most impenitence, incredible, magnificent "yeah" pimpin, hustlin, playin' of all times I'm talkin about my nigga King Tee's LP, bitch Thy Kingdom Come This what you been waitin' on (*sample of Police Sirens*) this nigga ain't on his first Rolex "yeah" this nigga done hittin' switches and smackin bitches since day one Hoe, act like you know I could buy my self a Goddamn Space ship Fly all over you motherfuckers (*sample of Police Radio*) Just drop shit on you, like this King Tee's album motherfuckers "yeah" This is the motherfuckin real shit, bitch Thy Kingdom Come Nigga, this nigga done walkin on the water Pimpin, throwin' some hoes out of the movin' vechiles Goddamn, what the fuck you got to do? Do we got to bring the game to you on a motherfuckin silver platter? Do we got to enforce feed this shit into you? Or you just gonna sit back and listen to this L.P.? Nigga recognize, learn somethin' increase your wealth, learn how to knock a bitch This is the real shit Peep game, for real... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King T Album: Thy Kingdom Come Song: Speak on It Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ VERSE 1 ] Introducin the Westside Strangler, bangin with the fixtures Mashin in this hot Coupe De Ville with blue twisters I just got it waxed, now I'm true without a doubt Dippin down Alondra on my way to the south The big homie [Name] bet a g, a whole ounce He said it wasn't hot, I made him watch the back-bounce Ah, back in traffic, feelin like the last pimp Hit the three-wheel, made a left on Kemp I dropped by my old crib just to see it's all good The little homies moved in the spot with Lil' Wood See, niggas this way don't give a damn about you hoes We find real estate in the midst of robbin yo's With Benzis and trucks, plenty cavi for the clucks Keep a eye on who's who and muthafuck what's what For all gees who got it poppin in they hood for the moment It's the gangsta King T, show me love loc, cause I'ma speak on it [ CHORUS ] Ah, that's that gee shit (mobbin through your hood) Move on gangstas, move on Move on gangstas, move on Ah, that's that gee shit (mobbin through your hood) Groove on hustlers, groove on Groove on hustlers, groove on [ VERSE 2 ] Man, the night comes and a gangsta's intuition I hops in my 'burban, limited edition I'm lookin for a Lakewood hoe, that's my mission I'm through with fuckin Hawthorne tramps, they be snitchin What will it be, Pepper's or that spot Paradise? They keep a flock of girls but you gotta dress nice Suckers, I'm a gee, I got some ( ? ) I ain't touched Feathered Borsalinos with Armani in my clutch Nigga what, raised by ballers, I'm legit And if you don't believe, ask Freeway Rick You don't believe Rick, well ask my homie Big Jess Or his brother Big Droop, OG's, nothin less It's many niggas drinkin that gangsta juice But I done seen none of y'all when it was time to truce And I was at [Name] Park squashin beef with opponents While your ass was at your mansion eatin pussy punk, speak on it [ CHORUS ] [ VERSE 3 ] These busters better recognize what's comin Dancin on D's with the Alpine humpin Every since the child knew the ways to live foul Now I bust rhymes like a cool criminal Alcoholic chronic-smokin niggas know the deal Gun-totin, mouth-tapin niggas know I'm real I represent the West to the fullest extent A Southern California Hub City resident Yes yes y'all, it's not a secret no more I got lyrics out the ass and they all hardcore Like that, comin with that West Coast strap Guaranteed to civilize a nigga talkin smack What you wanna do us, do your dance like you do it This one's for my people up in Texas, watch em screw it Tight conversation hits the speakers for the moment But if your ass can't comprehend fool, speak on it [ CHORUS ] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King T Album: Thy Kingdom Come Song: Stay Down Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Yo Sup Dedicated to my homie Lil' Terry Rest in peace Front Hood Crip That nigga DJ [Name] a/k/a Lex Diamond 151 Piru, knawmsayin? [ VERSE 1 ] Not long back when I had this cool friend who got paid And I'ma change the names to protect who's afraid Let's call him Butch, he was superior to crooks He ran the books and killed niggas for they looks But peep it, this nigga told me secrets bout life The struggles of the black and the luxuries of white The shit was trife, my nigga's game was ass-tight And eh, really the only older nigga that I liked I took heed while this boss player took the lead As he explained why niggas was addicted to greed He looked tipsy, mashin in his black 850 "I hit a lick T, now all my niggas out to get me And this is us, you the only nigga I trust Cause when it's on, we the only niggas to bust" No diggity, I know how niggas be around town But when they talkin bout mashin on a homie, I gots to stay down [ CHORUS ] God please shine your light cause my people are sightless And nothing's positive when you're far from righteous We're born in a world of negative and greed And every day for somethin dumb I watch a young black bleed Our kids that sell drugs, was raised to be thugs Raised to love hate, raised to hate love And in the years to come I hope my people get hip Stop killin off each other, let's get this grip [ VERSE 2 ] And everywhere we went, man, we was strapped like goodfellas With fresh Karl Kanis I floss Armani sweaters While Butch, he bragged about Colombian connections Fuckin with the Mexicans who dress like Texans A veteran, and although I seemed mesmerized I glanced and saw the look of fear in his eyes He taught me: "Sometimes you can't trust your own people They turn on ya, and all this shit's illegal I gave up dances, bullshit type romances Dress the fanciest, takin penitentiary chances Now the baby gees wanna drop me to my knees Damn, niggas tryina stick me for my ki's Well good luck cause loc, I don't give a fuck I put that on the set, I leave these young fools touched With hollow point slugs through your mug young clown You're speakin on dippin in my riches, you best to stay down" [ CHORUS ] [ VERSE 3 ] And as years went by, my nigga kept his game in gear He moved to Atlanta, I pursued my career Sometimes I reminisce the ways we did dirt Cookin up chemicals, shippin out work He kept in touch, he said he bought a five on dubs "And when you get a chance nigga, come rock my club These hoes get tossed when I floss on my boat Don't sweat no hotels, I bought a crib by Too $hort It don't stop till the wheels break loose I heard they tripped out and killed my nigga Big Bruce It's all good, he's seein things much greater Them niggas involved laugh now, cry later" I know what's happenin, my nigga always spoke wise Some people gotta grind, get the loot and organize He closed the conversation, would I always be around? "You need somethin, hit me, God bless loc, stay down" [ CHORUS ] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King T f/ Baby S Album: Thy Kingdom Come Song: Skweez Ya Ballz Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ Baby S ] All of y'all sit back, relax, I take you to the olden time When rap rhymes wasn't the only thing I had on my mind Pushin nickel sacks of stress, oh how can I get rich? Hm - turned on the mic and turn out yo trick, don't switch Stayin true is what I'm in this game to do Cause Hollywood seems to get around like the flu [ King T ] Yeah and most of all most of y'all bitch-made So Baby S and King T emerge from the shizznade And put it in the air like the chronic you smoke The Westside baby loc and T goin for broke So like peep it how we deal it, keep it if you feel it All the set-trippin, kill it, it only takes a minute For ah King Tee to set the party at ease Grab the Silver Satin, roll up some weed Snatch a hoodrat with a proper-ass weave And dash to the floor and boogie with the rest of the gees [ CHORUS: Baby S ] To all my niggas, get involved To all my bitches, get involved And if you're down with smokin stress, chronic weed or cess Grab your dillznick and squeeze your balls To all my bitches, get involved To all my niggas, get involved And if you're down with smokin cess, chronic weed or stress Grab your dillznick and squeeze your balls [ King T ] Hey Baby S, I get stressed with these punks on the tube They wanna be me (me) they wanna be you  (They wanna-be's) That's the only thing that's true I swing through, hit em with the bomb like Pooh When I'm dippin in my hood with my powder blue Brougham Ticklin the switches, Daytons all chrome Can't leave it alone, keep em bouncin at the crib But hold up Baby S, tell em what you did [ Baby S ] I touched the blue moon, my body feels numb Cause busters playa-hatin on the way I choose to come One love for my family, immediate killers The ones I trust to count my figures while I'm sippin on liquor Blazin on some sticky green where I'm put up on the scene Up and down, King stuck up in some young teen So many dream, we fiend for a woman with cream Dippin in my gangsta lean like your video screen [ CHORUS ] [ Baby S ] Now listen, what you hear is not a test It's that realer from the West named Baby S And I got the gangsta gangsta hit Makin lil' busters wanna write and other brothers fight But they can't sound like the niggaroe supreme Droppin bombs every time I done stepped on the scene Seems my only dream is for platinum plus And in God we trust, I gotta do it in a rush [ King T ] Trust we gon' bust, trust we gon' sell Cause all through I-A plus the county jail That nigga King T known for stackin his mail Sittin in ( ? ) waitin on my bail California, haters let me warn ya Them two killers gamin up on ya King T and Baby S navigatin through the West All hoods, all sets, some gees on deck [ CHORUS ] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King T f/ Dr. Dre Album: Thy Kingdom Come Song: Monay Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ King T ] I never wanted to work for muthafuckas  That told me what to do, so I did my own thing Sometimes shit got thick, but I made it through Now I'm stackin chips everytime the phone ring I'm in a world of liars and carnivores Caught between fires, dope dealin suppliers But I must maintain, think on a level much higher This shit ain't worth a 25 to lifer People always askin me how I made it in this trade Papparazzi got my biz front page Well, all I gotta say is it's a good livin' Beside cars and women this shit gets the bills paid [ CHORUS ] (People of the world, what we're livin for?) That money (money) fast money (money) yeah (People of the world, what we're dyin for?) That money (money) fast money (money) yeah (Everybody's goin crazy for) That money (money) fast money (money) yeah (Fuckin with your head, I can get some of yo) Money (money) cash money (money) yeah [ Dr. Dre ] How many niggas can say they got they own Got they shit together, got a a nice stash to do whatever Ah, you're sittin at home, hatin on the next man That's makin cheddar, tryin to get his shit together I dreamed of hittin licks when I first got in the mix Way back when DJ's was heavy in the crates for breaks And ain't a damn thing changed  But me movin out the firin range to a plushed out estate Small technicalities y'all heard for years Niggas with the problems always out to battle me But I gets my swerve on, don't give a fuck It's just a nigga talkin shit about his bullshit salary [ CHORUS ] [ King T ] Since talk is extra it's cut short like Webster's Show me the money or invest this I'm street smart, fuck a lecture Messin with mine'll get you put on a stretcher Lock your jaw like a pitbull apply the pressure Straight bout it, buildin ideas with self-made millionaires To get the dancefloors crowded Hah, how's that black, limousine pull up on the scene Ladies clean, deja-vu's of a wet dream I got enough cream to cater women For any chick that can fade me more than Henny Plus the remedy to make that hard shit At the end of each quarter I'm reapin the largeset harvest If I ain't in L.A. sippin Aliz Plottin how to make a meal ticket in a day All I gotta say it's a good livin Besides cars and women this shit gets the bills paid [ CHORUS 2X ] The root of all evil And I got a gang of that shit Whaaaat! (Money makes the world go round Money makes the world go round) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Thy Kingdom Come Song: Da'Kron Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [King Tee] While these other cats are flashing their guns I got my barrel down your throat, you're coming up shook I brought that gang bang boogie, you must've mistook me for a coward, I'll wet you with the tech nine shower And man I gives a damn who the fuck you down with Who part of town and shit, you get your crown split fucking with the Likwit expansion assassins Heard about them fo' older anthems, now speak on that These fools got that home grown rap I got da kron, talking bout the bomb, say what? I got the hood rats shaking they tails to excel cause Aftermath laced me with the shit that won't fail I used to rock the module sitting in the county jail now I'm fresh out balling on bail These fools better check the credits, I'm hanging platinum on the walls While your baby mama playing with my balls, yes y'all [Chorus] {X2} I got the da kron, talking bout the bomb Say what? I got the hood rats shaking they tails to excel I got the da kron, talking bout the bomb Say what? Cause Dr. Dre laced me with that shit that won't fail [King Tee] Somebody let me out this cage, I feel like I'm about to burst Snatching props and reps just like it was your mom's purse First thing's first, I'm the King {where you from?} The streets of Compton {what?}, a nigga stay down {right?} Say what? I represent the khaki wearing, weed smoking Gun toting, never broke niggas from L.A. to Oakland Talking that shit will get you nowhere, cause I hear no, or fear no Roll up and you be the last action hero I'm from the land of the calm breeze, palm trees Low riders rolling on roadies Drop tops, crooked cops, carjacks and earthquakes, chronic bud, yeah nigga all that The place where Gs be hitting switches And I'm down with a gang of niggas but I got a gang of bitches Kids from birth born and bred to be hustlers Sipping on the {?} to say I got it going on Aftermath, I represent it to the fullest Spitting at hoes like my tech nine be spitting bullets passed ya, I blast at ya, faster Somebody gassed ya now you lay before your pastor These other clicks know they ain't fading us cause even Treach said my niggas was the craziest Remember before I told ya bring a gun cause it ain't where you're at, it's where you're from fool [Chorus] {X2} [King Tee] Y'all niggas don't know me, low key Riviera Coming through your hood with the terror I got it rocked up, I got it locked up, locked up Fools in they trunk chopped up, nigga like "what?" Posing, cause I know these niggas scoping the Rolex full of ice frozen I think around eighteen karat golden Can't match what I'm holding, pockets stay swollen Casinos in Reno to blow dough in Niggas stay out our pimp business cause you hoes ain't knowing about the years that I paid dues, hoes that I ran through Niggas asking going platinum, I plan to So kick back and let the King pull rank No need to gas me up, I'm already on a full tank So roll it up, light the bitch and inhale Cause Dr. Dre laced me with that shit that won't fail [Chorus] {X4} [King Tee] Yeah, for my niggas on the west side Roll it up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Too $hort Album: Thy Kingdom Come Song: Big Boyz Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [King Tee] (Too $hort) Ey $hort (What's up mayne?) Ah nothin' man, just sittin' up here man Drinkin' on this big Hennessy What's happenin' with you? (Over here smokin' on this big weed and my big joint sittin' on 20's) Yeah, yeah, if they can't hang with the big boys they need to stay off the turf, you know what I'm sayin'? (That's right... I feel the same way mayne Put it down like this) [King Tee] Me and the players roll tight, sleep all day and play nights Blowin' 20 G's with ease at big fights Keepin' clamps on the crap table, I be runnin 'em Man I got problems but cash ain't one of 'em I stomp out in trucks with humps that bump blocks Flossin' in The Bay with $hort and big shot Wonderin', what else could a nigga go buy What other bitch could we toss up and get high Niggaz might lie but I'm a player by nature Work a hoe quick for the paper So haters feel the vapors, yeah take a hit from the bomb (Chronic) I brought a whole pound, stay calm (Bionic) East Oak-town and Comp-town Fuck gettin' down, we vex, we been down And fuck anyone who thought my shit was for punks like Richie Rich said, you don't want no funk [Too $hort] I'm from the Golden State, Californ-I-A You think you already know what I wanna say Bitch recognize game when ya callin' a pimp You see this shit don't end so I'm ballin' again That's what I got my Benz and the Lexus for You know a nigga like to fuck, bring some extra hoes If you thinkin', California livin' is fake There's some real ass niggaz in this big ass state I took a four hour drive up Interstate 5 Did a hundred miles an hour with a bitch on my side I wasn't trippin' off shit 'til I blew my woofers Ridin' back to Oakland with two fine hookers [King Tee] (Too $hort) Big boys, with big dicks and big wheels Big bank accounts, big cribs on big hills (Livin' like players for the '9-seezy) Mackadelic King Tee (With ya nigga Too $heezy) [King Tee] Ain't nothin' but G's and pimps in this pal Chokin' on the bud and drinkin' Cristal Big boys with big hats Big cigars with big bank and big straps Haters say that I'm a trick 'cause I let my bitch drive my 6-heezy Now I'm on the mic with Too $heezy Livin' life easy, million dollar deals and connections Drunk in your V.I.P. section (Rollin' up on the side in your GS, homie you don't know me) The Rolly on the arm cost forty A baby loc Goldy, mackin' at them hoes at the bar (Baby I can make yo' ass a star) You on the Metro? Let's hit this X.O. and let's ride The wide-body's parked outside Playalistics, I'm on these hoes hoods for '9-7 God I hope players go to Heaven [Too $hort] Hell yeah, she said - "I know why they call ya $hort Dog" "But why you always gotta be so hard on us women?" What a nigga gotta do? Treat a young lady like a prostitute Cause that's how we livin' in the '9-0s I'm tired of y'all savin' these fine hoes If you ever see a lady, treat her with class But these disrespectful bitches, beat they ass And don't hesitate to represent the game right Cause it's cool to go home to your same wife every night And never say shit about mine I be seein' your bitch out all the time Smilin', starin' at me, nigga what's up? I know your bitch, if I want to I could fuck But I'm all about my money so keep your punk hoe And let the funk flow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ DJ Quik, El DeBarge, Frost * Album: Thy Kingdom Come Song: Let's Make a 'V' Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com * DJ Quik is credited but only produces the track, does not rap [King Tee] (Frost) Ha, you know what? Quik, Quik, niggas ain't gon' understand this How did we put this together man? Niggas ain't going... Kid Frost, what's happening? (What's up loc?) Go fuck with these hoes man (Come on Tee, let's do something) Some jumping (Hahaha yeah) I'm looking for a ten, and honey I spends, no hassle Tryna buy the world while you lay around my castle Get you laced with Tennis bracelets as well Wearing diamonds, carry-on Chanel Sipping Cristal with Michele while you rolling in my six Folks cannot joke that daddy's rich No need to bitch, you want your own whip? Don't argue Now you roll a three-twenty E with the guarders Hit the club scene in a limousine stretch With big fame shining on your Lex No more county cheques, with the King with that bomb sex and sweetheart you never know what's next Check, the homies in the hood say my cape's on flight But we be smoking eighths all night, and that's alright Shake a lil ass, I'll bite Spend a little cash I might, just make sure... [Chorus: El DeBarge] {X2} Let's make a V tonight and do it to the morning light Cause I wanna take my time to do this thing to you [Frost] You hear your lady whisper bout me and you wanna scrap about it See I wear Versace too but I never rap about it Wear my Rolex tucked with me near my cufflink Bernini A woman show me promos of her pose in some bikini Kid Frost'll tell you girl, you know who we are Sipping on some white straw, dipping in a white car Tryna make a V, and if you don't get it that means to hit it Split it, and don't be playing with it We ain't nothing but playboys, it's a lifelong gift And I'ma be a player till I can't get a stiff And now we're talking autographs, tears and laughs Champagne with King Tee, going platinum on Aftermath I'm parking the Benz baby, let's get a silver spur And go out on a double date, you, me and her and her Got you all covered cause I got a three-pack Break a mountain, pulling backs the shaft Now let's do that... [Chorus: El DeBarge] {X2} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Playa Hamm Album: Thy Kingdom Come Song: Tha Game (It's Ruff) Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Playa Hamm * vocoder voice effect] Compton, oh It's rough... (Compton, Compton) Rough... (oooooh) It's rough... (it's so rough) Rough... (Compton baby) [King Tee] Last big baller standing, King Tee loco Simply down the Hennessey while others snort coca Just tryna live my life like a G supposed ta Mash in something brand new, breaking off the corner I went another route, there's so many claiming killer And ballers what it's all about? Getting all the scrilla All these haters in the world wanna try to kill ya So if you're strapped at all costs, playboy I feel ya I've been around the world through every hood scoping Young Gs just drowning in the game soaking Puffing hydro, tryna hold it in but choking Steady locing, not too many plans spoken Never let your left hand know what your right hand got Play a move for staying on top, the hustle don't stop And some of y'all can't get enough But your homie King Tee's here to put you up The game is rough [Chorus: Playa Hamm * vocoder voice effect] {X2} It's rough... (you can get some when you need some) It's rough... (but if you take some you better leave some) [King Tee] Part two of the game deals with the ladies Stick they ass out when they see my big Mercedes Or you could ride, then I'ma turn you out baby Having you dancing at the coast, drunk, looking crazy But some fellas fall victim to your player clutch Got your fingers full of ice, ain't never fucked And I ain't the type to like fight and tussle And like that nigga Jay-Z, I +Can't Knock Your Hustle+ [Playa Hamm] Still ain't no leeway, we play for keeps, P's up Hookers thinking we gon' ease up? Eat these up Bust cum and we collected, check it bottom to top All I got for 'em is some jism and a blow pop Girls behind my zippers, where I'm keeping what they want Maximising in the Aftermath and making it rough [Chorus] {X2} [King Tee] Fo' sho' I lace the funk up like a fiend Uncut, throw it on the triple beam It's on hump, walking, tryna make my cream Battlecat, Playa Hamm, oh and I'm the King [possibly Battlecat; does not sound like Playa Hamm] Oh wait excuse me King Tee, I'm like your favourite fan and that record "Act a Fool" was like my favourite jam Not to ride your ball sack but where some hoes at? Tee youse a cold mack [King Tee] Playa and you know that It's real, here loc, hit this doja Try to lock in everything that a nigga told ya Stay sucker free, come and fuck with me, I'll show ya On dubs with that big V-12 boulder Show 'nough, homie it's only full bloom Conversation straight from the throne And all my niggas is rich, roll thick and live plush and we never take these streets for granted cause The game is rough [Chorus] {X2} [Playa Hamm * vocoder voice effect to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Killa Ben (AKA Sharief) * Album: Thy Kingdom Come... featuring Dr. Dre Song: Real Raw  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * Appeared on Dr. Dre's L.A.W. (Lyrical Assault Weapon) as Sharief [Intro: Sharief] The Aftermath is ready to work it out  Yo King Tee "Yeah" you ready to work it out?! The Aftermath is ready to work it out It's Sharief, I'm ready to work it out We are here, to tell the world, just who we are Shocking females, cause we are superstars Let me tell you [Sharief] Aiyyo, niggaz got problems thinking they can take Sharief They be leaving the club with no fronts like Michael Spinks On a stretcher like the page format, head bath Bubbling in the bathroom niggaz just kick that ass First right kick, and three strikes you out I'm brutalizing the posse boys be on the shadow with doubt Like brass knuckles, crazy hard rugged and rough Raw rebel on raw charts, and poetry punks [King Tee] They be like.. Who was that with them custom made rhymes? West Side styles for the mind Plus, the lyrical wit, the spiritual hit, to safe your soul Leave you trembling full of holes Fresh from Comp-town, and man I got clowns for the speeches Rugged dialect in effect with cool features Out west by beaches with freak shit It's Brooklyn in the house  ----> Junior Mafia Where Sharief lives [Sharief] Brooklyn, New York I stalk New York when it's time to hawk Leaving out the talk, outline the while chalk after dark Stiletto for your slaughter, disorder your tape recorder  can't handle.. the Reprecussion in.. Flex-tex Soon as I knock, outfox any crew, crush the paddles  And burn rap devils that's Hypothetical I swing a shank in your sector I stop your crew to come through like a metal detector  (*beep*) [Chorus: Both] It's Real Raw, we're giving you more and more So East Coast, what the fuck is you waiting for? It's Real Raw, we're giving you more and more So Down South what the fuck is you waiting for? It's Real Raw, we're giving you more and more So Mid West, what the fuck is you waiting for? It's Real Raw, we're giving you more and more So West coast, what the fuck is you waiting for? [King Tee] They say the King comes through when they clutch Can't no man touch, what this young man busting up We won't even discuss who's the shit I chase Emcees like Raimo chase dick Admit, you was the one who thought your style was legit And I was the one that called your shit counterfeit King Tee got the glitch, to rock this bitch Took a Limo' to Brooklyn cause I'm rich [Sharief] My mind is known for murdering X-Raw Sound Grenades, blowing up on your tape recorder  (*Explosion*) Sheriffs dispel Bust crazy dose for smoking camophones shank swing, and slice brains open So your cool aspiration is getting seizure I dig inside your brains without using an Sneizure It's critical conducive brain damage, bust I'm robbing out your name for life, you're getting stucked [King Tee] I'm not a beginner but a winner hands down Loc is on the mic and the whole fucking town Pick up the mic and let's go a couple of rounds You contended; fucking with the best pound for pound King Tee, I'm mashing through the Westcoast  A lot of niggaz fill the trigger but don't come close I'm serving all you fools in less than one ?? Cause all that shit that you're woofing I been there, done that! [Chorus: Both] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King T f/ MC Ren Album: Thy Kingdom Come Song: 2 G's From Compton Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Say what Tell me somethin Where the gangstas at?  Where the hustlers at? [ King T ] Now relax your mind cause all the drinks is free And get down with the sound of K-i-n-g And MC Ren, I bet you're like, "Where them niggas been?" The backstreets of Compton checkin ends Original residents, I'm off Caldwell and Kemp About a hoe short from a pimp With the gangsta walk limp I tossed up the hat by the Raiders Now I'm crocodile and alligator Tryin to get my paper, man, they say King T was ( ? ) The alcoholic funk from Tha Liks, bust this From Alondra to the top block of Central I'm known for crackin niggas' dental Loc, I'm like mental, my attitude starts to get mean Now Ren's ( ? ) with the King What we gon' sing? Some old gangsta spiritual theme Hell naw, lyrics gotta cling [ MC Ren ] Niggas be lovin em Compton niggas, put the West Coast on the map Now every bitch nigga and they mama tryin to rap Go check the Real Nigga tree from the CPT You got them Niggaz 4 Life and that muthafucka King T The Villain be down with the King like Joey Simmons Niggas in Compton'll make your ass see sparks like Robin Givens Or you can go for a ride in a trunk While I'm hangin with the King while he's sittin on a tow-truck My big dick still live in khakis since day one I got a gang of nigga shit, go and play one My nigga still Tha Coolest, now we makin pussies hot If you ain't from Compton, nigga gotta shake the spot Got a big fuckin pot for me to piss in Cause all the bomb shit a nigga make, hoes listen Nigga, fuck shows, I don't have to be seen You makin demos, I'ma make that cream [ CHORUS: both ] Watch the gangsta boogie, watch the hustlers get paid And watch all these freaks get played Two gees from Compton, originals from back in the days Lowridin 64's and rag treys [ MC Ren ] Niggas in the streets bump my shit in parking lots While they fuckin in backseats from Riverside to Watts Me and the King, nigga, ain't nothin nice Niggas Hollywood, turnin into hoes like Heidi Fleiss Butt-naked like they hot from some sherm Kissin groupie-bitches with a mouth full of sperm While Ren help the King lay claim to a city Cause niggas tryin to rule sound shitty I'm dedicatin this to Compton niggas inside Y'all can bump this when you niggas wanna ride You niggas ain't knowin I got vaxines for wackness Niggas close by that make yo ass fade to blackness So nigga, the Villain be droppin shit like this and I slide I got my bitch, the King's on my side It shouldn't have to be like that But it's where you're from, not where you're at [ King T ] Another heartless attack, there's a cool locomotive on the track Cavi vocab by the batch, I serve it like crack What, they huddle up for the double up, Bombay I do this shit all day What the dizzneal, these fiends who stressin They think I'm from the Westside with no connections I run it in perfection, protection be the Tec-9 fully Kick rocks or get popped by the bully The Aftermath terror begins soon as I grace the throne Don't fuck with the microphone, leave it alone Man, check this six-foot gangsta baritone spark From ( ? ) down to Kelly Park It's respected, we keep the dancefloors hectic (here it is)  I know it's not what you expected (but it's square biz)  Locs from Hub City, Capone and Frank Nitty Gets down with a brand-new Compton sound [ CHORUS ] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Dr. Dre, Shaquille O'Neal  Album: Thy Kingdom Come... featuring Dr. Dre Song: Shake Da Spot Typed By: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Sample of Dr. Dre's California Love] California love --> Roger Troutman Switch -----------> Fredreck Cali' ------------> Roger Troutman [Verse One: King Tee] Don't call it a come back The gun clacks at these young rookies Grab my Mac 10, make your back yard boogie They call me big King tookie I run the yard, from Rigman to 5th Ward  I bring it hard and official, fools run from the hoodlum Six hundred ways to drive, choose one A new one nigga, like me got the blue bun I'm heating with the tool gun Two one, too many niggaz wanna be a G like me They wanna slang their D like Tee Aiy, what you needing, catch me in that S-Class speeding On the 110 doing 110 metering G'd up, pump this when you smoke your weed up I'm sipping X.O. from the cup in the cut Cause nigga if the party ain't hot King Tee'll shake the spot  [Dr. Dre] Shake it Cali' [Chorus: Shaquille O'Neal] From Compton to Watts King Tee'll make it hot Dope shit to Cacka blocks, What you got? South Central to Inglewood, any hood From Long Beach to HollyWood, it's all good Even for my Ese's from East L.A. You go to Riviera, Karama, ?? From Pasadena to west Kavena, through the Valley King Tee'll shake any spot, in Killer Cali' [Verse Two: King Tee] I got so much trouble on my mind And now they gangbang when they rhyme The King Tee is serving with the best of styles Catching clips of the restless child The Alkaholic Don, I probably be the first to bomb.. The Wild West, just can't keep calm ?? in my palm, can be some cryst-al of a 'don (Chandon) Or a fifth of a problem Solv' Tipsy, honey missed me, players ain't tricking at night But hit me, if the player ain't hitting right And up jumps the chrome on a 4-door Brome Cock strone looking for your home I will make you well known You busters can't touch my cash, I'm so lavish in the Aftermath Best time to do a stop, cause baby if the party ain't hot King Tee'll shake any spot [Dr. Dre] Shake it Cali' [Chorus: Shaquille O'Neal] [Verse Three: King Tee] I'm coming straight outta Compton Haters acting like they want something But King Tee and brothers stay dumping Have your spot jumping You're dealing with the Westside function And niggaz on the East wanna welcome Ain't no pretending, women wanna hold my hand And guess how many diamonds on my Rolex band Boo! you can't bear it, less than two karats Trying get sex while whipping my lexus It's unreal, Tila gets money done deal X.O. to spill, dress to kill Steady stacking my meals cause I don't like cheap thrills  Hoodrats wanna know what our silk sheet spells Dizzell, to follow to the Cando  on the beach in Brando puffing Chron-do on top.. and baby if the party ain't hot King Tee'll shake any spot [Dr. Dre] Shake it Cali' [Chorus: Shaquille O'Neal] [Outro: Sample of Dr. Dre's California Love] Shake, shake it baby, baby, baby Shake it mamma, shake it mamma, shake it mamma Cali, cali, Cali, Cali Shake it, Shake it Cali Shake it, Shake it Cali  Shake it, Shake it Cali -----> Roger Troutman The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Thy Kingdom Come Song: 6 in Tha Moe'nin Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [King Tee] Six in the mornin', awakened by a knock on my door Grabbed my fo-fo' before I put my feet on the floor and yelled "Who is it?", peeped through my blind just a smidget My nigga Bone stood in some cold black lizards (What's up!?) Nigga how ya been, what ya doin'? (Ah, some niggaz havin' problems with my money so I flew in You know this kid Juan, got a sista named Chatan? Live up in the Palms sellin' chronic by the tons) As ya mention, he got that woodgrain Expedition 60's tried to kill him but they missed him They said that nigga got a big mouth, boastin' bout some hustlers that he hit from Down South, what's that all about? (That nigga's crazy, show me where he hang, it's all gravy Put on some clothes, I'm double parked in my Rolls and niggaz hate me) I feel ya baby, let me grab this linen And slip on these sandals with the ostrich all in 'em (Man call them stripper hoes, tell 'em call all they people I hear that nigga hidin' out, trickin' at the Nikko) Don't worry 'bout a thing (Yeah I need to calm down) Well let me grab some mary jane, get higher than a plane (Do you still got that glock that I gave you on the block? Some funk was 'bout to pop then you ran up in that spot) Ah shit, I forgot all about that heat Bone I got the stash spot in my Brougham (Well nigga it's on) [Chorus #1] "Who the fuck" - "Who the fuck is this?" "Big black motherfucker with G's" (It's King Tee) "Who the fuck" - "Who the fuck is this?" "Big black motherfucker with G's (It's King Tee) [King Tee] Lookin' shady, doin' 80 (babay!) Don't temp me The weed smoke floatin' like the Bentley Lay back on a gangsta mack strictly (Man just wait 'til I catch that young fool that tried to get me They says he probably rollin' around like he ownin' the town Not knowin' I'm down, not knowin' I clown) *phone rings* Well loc, them stripper hoes just hit me That nigga at the Century Club playin' Big Willie Dancin' with the Cristal, the hoe had the nerve to say a nigga missin' out (What?! Who the fuck is that?) (Tell them stripper hoes to pop that twat and keep 'em hot) And when he come out (Loc, that nigga gettin') *gun shot* [Chorus #2] Ooh, his first mistake was He had to do the crime He had to hustle mornin' to the night If, he would have known then The things that he knows now He might not have got that time in Wayside The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Crystal, Dr. Dre, RC Album: Thy Kingdom Come/The Ruthless Chronicles Song: Step On By  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Crystal, RC] When you're welcome, just step on byyy One day, one day, one day, one dayyy I might be the one that makes cryyy [Verse One: King Tee] Ha ha, yeah, I'm sitting on throne Dre and King Tee, they make their green hundred flown Sipping the 'gnoc inside my hot Lo-Lo Trying to get in the spot where players ball Got a page from some booty, pressed, they sending me call I've seen a.. tight lady Diva  A cold milk complexion, mixed like the Margarita With a crew of girls with Jungle Fever Told Dre: I'ma meet them inside So I jumped out my depth, slipped the essay attempt Approach this chick to see what's happening Her reaction was like.. She the biggest thing sins T. Jacksons "WHAT!!" I froze, James Bond in sift mode But y'all be knowing how it G rode Cause it'll be on when the bar closed ?? those trying to hustle for a fame Sipped some rim, then she tried to push off to her friends That's why material girls, you can't treat them like queens They be that Hollywood type, that like to make a scene [Chorus: Crystal, RC] It's the materical things that he's giving That he's giving How come you really say that you have to live it? Ooohhh woohh, I'm the one that's giving  Yeaahhh, boy I don't wanna hurt your feelings Awwwww wooow yeaaahh, step on, step on, step on, step on by See, what you need to do is step on by Step on, step on, step on, step on by Step on by!! [Vese Two: Dr. Dre] Camouflaged in the lounge of the club I peeped the bar, honies got their little buzz Trying to get plugged Won't slip the way to adapt, to approach me asking If a have a lady franking, she's from outta town pursuing acting You knew the drama, her body have just uhh.. gave her..  the name Groupie so I played her like a movie Extra Heard her pride like the Nutty Professor She was cute but it's more than looks to get me seduced Tried to get her with respect while she tried to get fly Tripping getting loud, spilling drinks on Karl Kanis Hold Up! I'm in a chilling, sipping wine and illing Intellectual conversions; is talking plans of building  Clean cut what, how does that sound? A gentleman, plus his spiritual background;  that's how I get down Just think up of all these honies that be thinking corrupt Before I can caught up and lust; I tell them all you best adjust [Interlude: Crystal, RC] Step on, step on, step on, step on byyy You got to keep stepping, babyyy Step on, step on, step on, step on byyy Ought on byyy Step on, step on, step on, step on byyy You got to keep stepping on byyy Step on, step on, step on, step on byyy Yeaaaahhhhhhaaaahhhh!!! [Verse Three: King Tee] Pimp Daddy, Gangster stroll, drinks on me Be so gold cause the game has been good to Tee Ladies see the clout, now they wanna know what I'm about Tailor suits, players won't even pull their petty cash out The way players ball; we get the honies off the bar And sort them to the dance floor Like LB, I was sure the first one you tried to diss You know the time, but never one slugged on the wrist She clopped while the Mot popped, fake gritting all over her face She had the lop of the top But the player like Tee known she out loot Had to take game and flip it, turn around with the digits Thinking to myself when will they learn! You swing your ass like a dog, every dog will take a turn Looking at how she's trying to be fly Cause the same thing that makes you laugh  Will be the same thing that makes you cry [Outro: Crystal, RC] It's the materical things that he's giving That he's giving How come you really say that you have to live it? Ooohhh woohh, I'm the one that's giving  Yeaahhh, boy I don't wanna hurt your feelings Awwwww wooow yeaaahh, step on, step on, step on, step on by See, what you need to do is step on by Step on, step on, step on, step on by See, what you need to do is step on by Step on, step on, step on, step on by Can you feel this baby? ~ I believe it I can truely see that I'ma have to live it, yeahh ?? had somebody somewhere, yeah, yeah,  Somebody who truely needs me Somebody who truely needs me Don't be no foool, baby The one you trust can make you cry The one you trust can make you cry So say bye bye, ohhh, bye We gotta keep on moving and stepping on byyy! Awwwowww, yeaaahhhh We gotta keep on moving and stepping on byyy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ RC Album: Thy Kingdom Come Song: Big Ballin' (Playin' 2 Win) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: King Tee] ha, on the lay back [Verse 1: King Tee] Straight hustlin' going on, now, let's begin The master of the ceremony just walked in With his little homies and the fifth of Hin' No hatin' in my game cause I'm playin' to win Now, niggaz need to know I've been a G since six Breakin' fools off when they step up in my mix Catch a young nigga with some brand new kids Many comin' up out of him, holdin' his lips Just a real young nigga but I threw them like spinks Blew them black Gulf hats and turned to your slings Moved up the Leather Coat got my bitch wearin' wings Sittin' in the Coupe` - smokin' pounds a day Just because I got chips I remained the same Niggaz recognize the real when I'm shootin' my game A bullet in your chest won't be no strange But if I put it in your brain it won't be no pain Ballin' out of contral and I can never get choked I got a loaded Chrome .45 that I tote Asked any hustler: T be goin' for broke? Undercover with the locs and them luxury spoke But, when it's time to floss I hit the safe for some ends Choose between the Caddi' or the Lexus or the Benz I told you at the top, now, I tell you again Straight hustlin' going on, let games begin Let's get down [Chorus: RC] It's that's how'd you can't deny Everything we do is fly I'm big ballin'- playin to Win Just the players stayin' true Blowin' Chronic smoke at you Everything is ballin' [Verse 2: King Tee] Soon as I pull the Lex-o out the garage Player haters run to get the fuck out of the Dodge I tried to shoot to gain but they tried to act hard They chose is live small while I gots to live large Don't tell these hoes that I'm broke, nigga please I never leave my crib without at least three Gs Lookin' like a nigga just shift twenty ki's Keep myself distant from tiks and flees Keep type of tire bald head like Shenay Fuck tellin, Condo Rolex is parvay King Tee is the nigga that them punks can't fade They're tryin' change each hood as I'm tryin' to stay paid (*female laughter*) I treat the Benz like the old girl friend Hook that hoe up and let my niggaz take a spin You said you got the chronic, I break out the skin Hustlin' going on and I'm playin' to win Get down [Chorus: RC w/ variations] Got my whole crew comin' down Sippin' Mo' and dodgin' clowns I'm big ballin' Awww yeah, just a hustler playin' true Blowin' Chronic smoke at you Everything is ballin' [Verse 3: King Tee] Straight fact, I push up on the mic with more heat Warning mothafuckers that we can't be beat From Compton, on up to east Long Beach That nigga King Tee makes the drive-by complete (*Gun Shot*) I know you've been told, we got the Westcoast sold I know you've been taught, we can't be caught So if you're lookin' for them T's on the westside trippin' Probably in the Rag '64 just dippin' The ave is so hot, the CD keep skippin' While the little homies on the block checkin' the grip So come on by, and throw your set real high Niggaz get smoked tryin' to fuck with my supply And I supply, what you can't go by That westcoast gangster funk, it won't die Niggaz might lyin' but I tell you the truth The Hup City is in the house, settin' fire to the roof Let's get down [Chorus: RC w/ minor variations] Yes, that true, you can't deny Everything we do is fly I'm big ballin'- yeah, oooh Just the players stayin' true Real with Chronic smoke and you Everything is ballin' Everything is been ballin' [Outro: RC] Nah, nah, nah nah nah, We're big ballin' Nah, nah, nah nah nah, We're big ballin' Nah, nah, nah nah nah, We're big ballin' Nah, nah, nah nah nah, We're big ballin' Nah, nah, nah nah nah, We're big ballin' nah, nah, nah nah nah, We're big ballin' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Dr. Dre Album: Thy Kingdom Come Song: Where's T? Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Dr. Dre] Ay, ay, ay where the fuck did Tee just go? [Chorus: singer] {X2} Where is Tee? And what's going on? [Over Chorus: Dr. Dre + (King Tee)] Where the fuck is Tee? (Right here, here I come y'all) Which way did he come? (Here I come) Which way did he go? (Hah, over here) (Hah, here I come) Yeah, kick that shit [King Tee] Set out to check my trap, twist the mode on grind Tryna soothe my brain with my money or my mind Besides busting rhymes, I'm real good at doing crimes Infected with the code of the street and gang signs What's that line? Fuck a bitch, won't make a nigga rich I make a nigga switch from shot calling to a bitch Off the wall, my niggas never heard of y'all Can't trust 'em, all up in the mix near hustlers Stop fronting, I came to represent the W Hood rats, top dogs and thugs too Thought you knew, but obviously not, you're through You need protection from King Tee's resurrection Peep the session, loc get the full +Tee+ spoon Swallow it fast cause I'm about to leave soon for the moon, smoking big bubble toots In the suburban, sipping on the 'gnac Now we swerving past moms, gang affiliated rap stars in motion, tryna get paid for the potion Top notch, the killer with the Rolex watch with many karats, step up on the stage and straight tear it into pieces, ain't a greater man except Jesus who can touch me, bet a hundred thou' you couldn't bust me The original Likwit rough grammer Protected by the gat and bandana, who am I... [Chorus] {X2} [Dr. Dre] Ay you know what... Looking at my Rolex, it's about that time to crack open the Hennessey and roll up a dime Line after line, I'm blowing your mind Disrespect and get the nine to your spine A gang of niggas try but they never come close to the big time player living like I'm supposed to So when you see me rolling in the Testarossa You can best believe I got the strap in my holster Mobbing son, popping +Robbin-son+ like +Sugar Ray+ Put your gun away or get done away like fait Got beats and stock cops, you never see the props stop Steady dippin, stripping emcees like a chop shop Now who wanna get with the black Frank Nitti? I ran through your city and left with my boots shitty Nobody gets looser than this producer Coordinate tracks that's live, three or four cars to ride Oh, coming out of L.A. regulating the West coast East coast and between coasts, then I'm ghost I know you're bobbing your head cause I can see ya But you can't see me, the D-R-E and the King Tee [Chorus] {X2} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King T f/ Kool G Rap, Tray D Album: Thy Kingdom Come Song: Nuthin Has Changed Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ King T ] Cause a nigga been drinkin that muthafuckin XO Haha! "Nothing has changed"	--> George Clinton [ King T ] I guess they really didn't care how famous he is Cause every time I hit the mic I kick gangsta shit Known to be the alcoholic funk, best believe it The Rolex, low key, gotta see it Took it from a nigga, barely had the finger on the trigger Comptown Hub City slicker Servin like a gee, what, the BG hit a stick? Now he yellin "Westside Crip!" Man, slap that fat bitch with the millimeter Old sweet Nina, you don't wanna see her God damn, let me tell these fools who I am Every letter worth a hundred grand King T's the best, man, I won't front or tell a lie The best man you got gon' die And all these young niggas talkin bout how they servin it tight Well, this is Westside Compton fo' life Biatch "Nothing has changed Even the bang remains the same (In the pocket, right smack dab in the socket) We still needs to funk (In the pocket, right smack dab in the socket) Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo-woo Nothing has changed (nothing has changed)"	--> George Clinton [ Kool G Rap ] Black mafioso, my mafia family's loco Coockoo like Cocos, we leave hoes widows like Yoko Fingers on puppet strings the logo Blowin those with too much sinoco Leavin em motionless like photos We gets the dough, though You know, condos in Alcapulco Suites in ( ? ) We creep and flood the street with mountains of perico Underworld costra nosa Nothin but blood oathes and thugs and soldiers Hearse chauffeurs and dirt blowers Playin you close to touch you with the toasters Fill you with slugs just like a thug's supposed to In my arena you meet the Glock Seventeena Nina the Screamer, the soul redeemer Body steamer, head with lead cleaner The sweet dreamer, niggas bust caps with fully gats Put two in your hat and leave your ass flat takin a nap And it's like that The G Luciano/King T finale  That's how we be wildin with our Cali cats New York stylee "Nothing has changed Even the bang remains the same (In the pocket, right smack dab in the socket) We still needs to funk (In the pocket, right smack dab in the socket) Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo-woo Nothing has changed (nothing has changed)" [ Tray D ] Word mane, my brain contain so much game it's pathetic Got niggas eatin my shit up way before I said it Recognizin ours in this to be respected Accepted for the vicious style I step with Punks'd rather exit than ever to flex with The serial killer eatin niggas for breakfast I jack the slipper for the chippers he flipped Then I check the clip and flip it if his wish is to trip Keep my enemies in mysery, they can't get rid of me I been a gee from elementary to penitentiary They mention me in all speeches Cause I represent Long Beach to eastern far reaches The hard thesis, ain't nothin soft in the scripture I picture gettin richer with the risk that's adventure Cash and hoes and fashion clothes and blastin foes And mashin in assassin mode, it don't stop "Nothing has changed Even the bang remains the same (In the pocket, right smack dab in the socket) We still needs to funk (In the pocket, right smack dab in the socket) Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo-woo Nothing has changed (nothing has changed)" "Or is the way that you picture me Colored by the way you've been treated in a situation that comes to mind" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Mike Dean, Whoz Who  Album: Thy Kingdom Come Song: The Original  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Mike Dean Talking] Aiy, check this out I heard two sounds of my home boy Pinky telling me They got motherfuckers out there yelling: Why do you see them when you can see their friend? [Prelude #1: King Tee] We gonna go down south Some of that south funk, you know what I'm saying? What you really know about the dirty south? Ha ha, check this out [Verse 1: King Tee] Man, let the summer begins, the heat excites my westsiders Ain't nothing but Gs and Lowriders Dipping in tightest, indoed out, benzoed out Fool, what got the Hen' no doubt My friends show out, we stack up ends and roll out Make sure the Chronic smoke blows out Them tricks got no clout Cause they're hating how we serve it Don't test T, Loc, it ain't worth it The satellites go circuit, zooming in or how you work it And killers make the world standstill, picture perfect Infinite since the infantile of the child Mamma said the baby gone wild, so I'm like Ta-dow How you like your chickens hotter mile I slang it like it's going out to style Now, I'm in traffic, any block these rims will turn Take you niggaz from the burn [Chorus: Whoz Who] Now, if you wanna be a player baby And if you wanna be a G King Tee is the player second baby Because you Can't fade me I'm the original When I made Gs and brought the Mo'  Trunk tight making these niggaz know I'm the original [Prelude #2: King Tee] Watch the chin check, yeah, ha ha [Verse 2: King Tee] Now, I was taught, half heart, half the money and survive "Beware of them player hating marks and disguise" Stay wise, these whores are crying look you in your eyes "And set you up, cause money lives forever lowride" No surprice, that's why I'm Hub City everlasting Any disrespect, I'm blasting Old School fashion, a pair of the Desert Eagles in the Regal Designator hollow point diesels, running down your peopls And I don't bluff, I stand tough and roll deep Blessed by the homie Big E, rest in peace I keep the phone calling out I got the neighborhood spoiling high, scolding And I'm lost in the Gangster ways The Gangster Mades, they wonder where this gangster lays Hey, out west, where the best rest and chill  And chant Makaveli lives [Chorus: Whoz Who] [Verse 3: King Tee] And as the world turns, I still recieve scars and burns I'm out west, my niggaz wear curls and perms Time just ticks while little Gs grab guns for mix Cause murdering a fool ain't shit to them I want money and rims and big jewels Gs have heart, have money no rules Is what we've been taught And killers they don't talk for the hood, we all faught And some outlined and choked Sometimes I see murder then I cry, maybe I'm high But the glocks live-by Plus, I struggle with keeping my game wrapped tight And mashing on the next player hater on sight Because my state of being, my only obective Cause I shot the Sheriff and that punk detective Run and tell them, King Tee is bailing with 'Dre Represent yourself through your shit that bump all day [Chorus: Whoz Who w/ minor variations X2] Now, if you wanna be a player baby, and if you wanna be a G King Tee is the player second baby, because you can't fade me I'm the original When I made Gs and brought the Mo'  Trunk tight making these niggaz know I'm the original The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Thy Kingdom Come Song: Got It Locked (Video Edit) * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * Taken from BET's RapCity top 10 Once again it's the shadiest In the 80's when you was pushin Stadias I was rollin on Mercedes with the alias, daily Throwin up my radius Maybe it's why the ladies afraid of me Don't know what to say to me But she's intrigued by the diamond cut watch The black silk socks, the videos, and [edited] and buddha parties in the docks that's where the 80 foot yachts is And you can hear the bass for blocks Fool wet bar just to fade ya Left behinds keep blowin up my pager And it's a freaky scene, chains and whips Only bring the squeaky clean [edited] that came to mix with Tha Liks, the authentic, [edited] scented Limo, windows tinted, so you can't see who's in it There's no limit to how many mics get tore a minute If the party's crackin then I'm in it Chorus: repeat 2X We got the party locked down, whatchu wanna do Ladies wanna dance, homies do too Don't even bring a strap to this King Tee'll make ya clap to this Now you're rollin with the King, flossin with no flaws in the ring tossin to leave jaws in a sling often The scrilla peeler, cabbage clutcher, kitty luster [edited] toucher, [edited] hustler Rush the dancefloor, see a [edited] that make me wanna 'be the one with you' like Usher Plus the cluster, the type black in the bar back was cool, the front and the back was cool So we do, Cognac for two that make the King wanna Act A Fool (remember that?) Playa haters hot, cause I got, more gold than Willie Gault an' them, I ain't faultin them But Let's Talk About Sex like Salt n' them I won't end, you want in, let's not pretend I get the party hot like the cops walked on your block (Whassup?) Cause King Tee got it locked Chorus Some of y'all still don't know what King means, it means ruler Cas-tle dweller, old schooler with the wine cellar and a drawbridge, my troops got ya crew hostage While I'm gettin [edited] ? a sausage Y'all kids wanna know how the boss lives Crib, saucy like ribs And I got first dibs, soon as you crack the bottle Toss it back til it's hollow, mackin everything from hoodrats to supermodels, never subtle Save your rebuttal, you couldn't get play in a huddle So ladies tell your man tonight, you can't tonight He gotta use his [edited] tonight, I guess I planned it right We can smash out in the glass house Hit the hotel, pull the cash out I give it til ya pass out, then slide back to the spot Cause Aftermath and King Tee got it locked Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Likwit Crew f/ King T, Xzibit Album: 3 Strikes soundtrack Song: Where Da Paper At Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [King T] Now to make it interestin it's me, King Trife Big Ballin' Nigga for bout half of my life Whether on my knees prayin, blowin on the dice Bet King T'll throw it to you precise I need +CASH+, gotta live it like it's no limit Like it's in season, no scrimmage Flossin twenty inches, on concrete and won't leak See me on the street I won't speak Cause I'm all that - and what crews despise to the 600 backboard on 2-K-5 +CASH+, honey like, "Whoo, they live!" Should I, peep or slide Boo you better decide I heard tonight's open bar, I'll be passin you by with a platinum Presidential light splash in your eye All these haters mad doggin, you know they won't last cause fuckin with these Westside thugs.. .. you gotta have a lot of +CASH+ Chorus: 1 + 2 {B.I.G. sample} 1 - repeat all 2X {Where da paper at?} I got to get it {Where da paper at?} You know I need it {Where da paper at?} I got to have it 2 - start with +CASH+ {Where da paper at?} I got to get it {Where da paper at?} You know I need it {Where da paper at?} I got to have it {Where da paper at?} I got to get it {Where da paper at?} You know I need it {Where da paper at?} .. [Xzibit] Yo it's the Clash of the Phillie Titans The shit I'm writin be excitin and start niggaz to drinkin and fightin You niggaz be bitin, Xzibit steady lighten it up I suggest you show some progress and tighten it up You see how many niggaz be rollin like the end of the planet is gonna happen tomorrow, never beg steal or borrow Just deliver the powers(?), steady knockin off bitches blunts and Hennessey bottles - straight ahead, full throttle Never follow nobody cause I'm a leader myself Never workin for no cracker like a Keebler Elf I did it for delf, niggaz wanna look for the best Pull out your U.S. map and look to the West I pull up ?? your forty-five bodyguards won't stop us from seein your black ass and makin it ours Tinted our cars, platinum bars, weed delivery run I roll big chronic with chunks of hash to puff with my +CASH+ Chorus 1 + 2 [J-Ro] King T, X to the Z, and J-Bizzy Well known for takin girls home and gettin busy Known for the flow when downsizin a four-oh and hittin SUV's hooked up, by 3-1-0 And I can't stands no man smack dab in the middle of me and my plan? I blast with either hand Why don't you try Cortizone ten I heard it helps when your neck wrist and ankles, is covered with wealth But I couldn't tell you how to treat that hole in your chest Shoulda wore a vest, now you just a motherfuckin mess I used to have a .22, my khaki's I was saggin em Now I'm sportin Polo, and a .44 Mag-a-num Shameless plug - Likwit Crew, DJ Pooh Make you booboo in your Fubu, runnin right through you Staple Center niggaz, box seats, beers and cheers while you watchin in black and white with foil on the rabbit ears Chorus 1 + 2 [Tash] So if you owe CaTash some dough, you best go rob a Denny's I don't care where it's from, I'll count ten G's in pennies Cause I'm shifty when it comes to puttin food on my plate Rap it ain't my only lick, but I push it like weight +CASH+, multi-mill', fuck chasin a deal I'm by the freeay with a sign that say "Will kill for scrill" Dollar bills is who I chase in this rap race of drama If she owe CaTash some dough, I might kidnap yo' momma +CASH+, peep how far I came along I charge twelve G's a verse, so that's 36 a song Niggaz got it all wrong, y'all got this ballin distorted If you gotta ask the price that means you couldn't afford it +CASH+, fuck the acre, we want the paper Tash just bought a skyscraper in Jamaica Fuck y'all little fakers tryin to ball with Big Tash We put the mask down, this West coast don't fuck with our +CASH+ 	Yeah man I seen you on TV, I love your records man 	You're just all over the place 	Why don't you let a brother hold somethin real quick? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MC Eiht, King Tee, Dre'sta Album: 10th Anniversary Tribute (N.W.A - Straight Outta Compton) Song: Straight Outta Compton Typed by: nemesi_@libero.it  [MC Eiht] Geah C'mon Geah Straight outta Compton, crazy muthafucka named Eiht, fool (geah) From the gang called C-M-W When I'm called off, I got a sawed off (boom boom!) Squeeze the trigger, and bodies are hauled off You too boy, if you fuck with me One Time's gon' after come and get me Off your ass, that's how I'm goin' out (geah) With a gat (c'mon, uh!) Gots pointed at (geah) Niggas start to mumble, they wanna rumble Mix 'em and cook 'em in a pot like gumbo (geah) Goin' out on a muthafucka like that with a strap, that's pointed at your ass So give it up smooth Ain't no tellin' when I'm down for a jack move Here's a murder rap to keep you dancin' With a crime record like Charles Manson (c'mon) Tec-9 is my muthafuckin' tool Don't make me act the gangsta fool Cause me and you can go toe to toe, no maybe (that's right) Knockin' niggas out the hood daily Yo weekly, monthly, yearly Until them mark-ass fools see clearly that I'm down, it's the capital C-P-T Marks can't fuck with me! So when I'm in your neighbourhood, you better duck Cause Eiht Loc, is crazy as fuck As I leave, believe I'm bustin' But when I come back, fool (c'mon) Geah you know it's Compton [King Tee] Straight outta Compton Another crazy-ass nigga Punks I smoke, yo, my rep gets bigger I'm a bad muthafucka and you know this But these mark-ass niggas want show this But I don't give a fuck, I'ma make my snaps If not from the records to jack in and craps Like burglary, the definition is jackin' But when illegally armed it's called packin' I shoot a muthafucka in a minute Find a good piece of pussy, and go up in it So if you're at my show in the front row I'ma call you a bitch, or a dirty-ass hoe You'll probably get mad like a bitch is supposed to But that shows you slut, don't get close to a crazy muthafucker from the street Attitude legit because I'm tearin' up shit King Tee controls the automatic for any dumb muthafucker, who want static Not the right hand cause I'm the hand itself  Every time, I pull an A.K. off my shelf  Security is maximum and that's the law K-I-N-G Tee and I'm raw See, cause I'm the muthafuckin' baller And double baller tossin' up the ??? Ah, that ain't a place without a clue And once their ass is in the scope, their ass is through Look, you might take it as nigga simple But a nigga like T is on a gangsta tip Straight outta Compton [Dre'sta] Straight outta Compton Another brother that'll smother your mother And make your bitch think I love her Dangerous Muthafucka raise in hell And if I ever get caught I make bail See I don't give a fuck nigga That's the problem I see a muthafuckin' cop I don't dodge him But I'm smart Lay low, creep a while And when I see a punk pass I smile To me it's kinda funny The attitude showin' nigga drivin' But don't know where the fuck he goin' just rollin' Lookin' for my lil' nigga Eazy I just blast, they never seize him Ruthless; never seen like a shadow in the dark Except when I unload And with the strap I blast, no hesitation You hear the screams of the one Who caught the last penetration Feel a little gust of wind and I'm jettin' But leave a memory no one'll be forgettin' But what about the bitch who got shot? Fuck her! You think I give a fuck about a bitch? I ain't a sucker! This is the autobiography of the D And if you try to fuck with me You'll be taken, by a stupid-ass nigga that I'll smother Beggin' like a muthafucka Straight outta Compton The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Act a Fool 12" Song: Act a Fool (Compton Mix) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Skit #1: Sample of Old St. Ides TV Commercial] I got something to say, man, you dig? I mean you cats been up here rapping  Ain't saying nothing about the real thing, you know what I mean? Now, I got something to say, man The real soul brother.. HEY!! [King Tee] It's Friday night, on the streets of L.A. I'm going out, been hanging around the house all day So I'll take me a shower, dress like a big daddy Stop at the Arco, put some gas in my Caddy Armor on my wheels, shine up my daytons Check the 12 Gauge, I see jackers just waiting Filled up my tank, slapped on the Gas cap Police scooped on front, rolling back [Skit #2: Police Officer] (*Sample of Patrol cops sirens*) When we reach up the corner, put your hands on your head.. [King Tee] Just because I wear Khakis and a big old poke I'm either in the gang or either sell dope So I said what the Hell? - just to show ain't fear ya Search inside the car, but don't mess up in the interior And when you all done and everything is cool You better call Swat cause I'm finna act a fool [Break] [King Tee] Now I'm on the move, a few grand in my pocket Reached for my phone, plugged it in the socket So the roam lights, so I dialed up Aladdin He answered the phone and said "What's up?" I said "What's happenin?" He said, "Where you been? I said the boys had me jacked They searched the whole car but they couldn't find the Gat So if you wanna roll, I'll be there in the Jeepie So throw on some locs, some silk shirts and some dickies Stopped at the store to buy me a Cisco A 40 ounce and some crackers by Nabisco A pack of (Alcohol Trademark) then I pulled out a $10 Oops! - forgot the Supersacco and Gin I'm finna act a fool [Break] [King Tee] Now I'm driving down Compton on my way to get Aladdin Feeling like a pimp 'til my tape started dragging It's a old tape anyway, it ain't no thing Pulled it out and slapped in Big Daddy Kane Got to Aladdin's house then I honked my horn He said, "When we're coming back?" I said: 6 in the morn' So he got in the car, looking half dead So I gave him my Cisco and took the 40s to the head Now, we're feeling tipsy and we're heading for Watts Boy, what do we see sitting at the bus stop? Sexy Susanna, had a butt that kill Pretty long hair, but they say it's not real Aladdin yelled (this is fake..) she threw a rock in my glass So I busted a U, must she broke out fast Checked around my back but everything was cool She must have knew the King was out acting a fool, fool [Break] [King Tee] We're finally arrived at the party, been like a jerk Got out my car, pressed the kit so the alarm would chirp After that I made my way, I tried not to fall Couldn't walk a straight line if they let me crawl Get inide the party, suckers staring at me down I stared right back, except I stared with the frown Get in the middle of the floor with my gangster stand Now, we can either get a love or grap a freaky and go dance This girl asked me to dance, but I told the freak no Cause she was on my tip cause of my big gold rope So she tried a lot of talk, just made a little scene I said: Listen up! - you dirty old scandalous dope fiend You're talking to a gangster and I just don't care About a girl with fake drag, fake eyes, fake hair Fake clothes, fake nails and all that fake jewelry All you wanna do is tell your friends that you screwed me I get nutty, act a fool when I want  Run up when I'm drunk and I just might stump  Take your car, your money, your super liquid girl  Cause my attitude is.. I like to fool on the world [DJ Pooh Scratching Quotes below] On the streets of L.A. ---> King Tee I'm finna act a fool -----> King Tee On the streets of L.A. ---> King Tee On the streets of L.A. ---> King Tee I'm finna act a fool -----> King Tee On the streets of L.A. ---> King Tee On the streets of L.A. ---> King Tee I'm finna act a fool -----> King Tee On the streets of L.A. ---> King Tee On the streets of L.A. ---> King Tee I'm finna act a fool -----> King Tee On the streets of L.A. ---> King Tee The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Drama 12"/The Aftermath Lost Tracks Song: That's Drama Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: King Tee] To all my real niggaz in the house, check me out Without a doubt, Aftermath! Ha ha [Verse 1: King Tee] See, back in '93 when Eazy-E was alive Gs hit the spot to show the world how to ride But ever since he died, man, I felt shit But this time to get these fruads delt wit Y'all niggaz got shaked, mad cause y'all niggaz is fake I'm sick of all them lies telling you take Known damn where you frauds are made, or wanna be You'se a prankster, made a little money turned gangster You're feeling paranoia? - yeah loc, I got something for ya It's real life, triffling niggaz all up on ya Now, who you're scaring? - who you're daring little whinny? With your played out locs and beanie I'll knock you out, let me show you what this Westside is about Fuck them whores, get money, get clout But so many boast about this and that And what they would do with that empty strap Load your gun, that's if you even own one You're throwing up signs where you from, never heard of you Kill the murderers and _Bust Verses_ at your way Cause King Tee has set tripping on the bay [Chorus: King Tee] Y'all fools got drama, talking out your brain for fame It's to put the Bitch Made for shame These fools throwing up westside, known that they never gangbang Much less "F" around with the hood they claim That's drama, talking out your brain for fame It's to put the Bitch Made for shame These fools yelling out westside, known that they never gangbang Much less "F" around with the hood they claim [Verse 2: King Tee] Extra.. Extra, hear the whole scoop about your group They faker than them birds with whoop, it ain't real The ship might sail, but when the truth hits the light Your punk ass probably can't fight Telling all your gangster tales over your played out beats Woofing like you're coming from the streets But when I'm at your back with heat, there's no room for explaining Stripped like a bitch for campaigning  I'm aiming at these fools who didn't pay their dues like W.C. Experience to rough and hard times like RUN D The Triffling King Tee is back with the twelve gauge I'm finna act a fool, niggaz felt the rampage  Worldwide, with Pooh and Bobcat and Black Devin I've ripped _Pay Back_ in eighty seven Swear it ends, I bring the real gangster Bis' unconcealed Your whole background will be revealed [Chorus: King Tee w/ minor Variation] Y'all fools got drama, talking out your brain for fame It's to put the Bitch Made for shame These fools yelling out westside, known that they never gangbang Much less "F" around with the hood they claim That's drama, talking out your brain for fame It's to put the Bitch Made for shame These fools throwing up westside, known that they never gangbang Much less "F" around with the hood they claim [Verse 3: King Tee] They call me Big Balling, suckers can't fade King Tipsy Alkaholic gypsy, murdering these sissies Diss me, I'll find that ass up real crispy Glock Nine, talking to you now, baby kiss me  Caution, let me dress that ass for your coffin Often, I bring it to these fools quite awesome I ain't nothing to fuck around with Cause baby, I'll leave you worthless like thirst I came through to break it down for my coast The land of the big dogs and the C-Locs Ain't to be trusted, so raise on up  Before your punk ass probably get stuck You little bitch.. [Chorus: King Tee w/ major variations] You got drama, talking out your brain for fame It's to put the Bitch Made for shame These fools yelling out westside, known that they never gangbang Much less "F" around with the hood they claim That's drama, talking out your brain for fame It's to put the Bitch made for shame These fools yelling out westside, known that they never gangbang Much less "F" around with the hood they claim That's drama, talking out your brain for fame It's to put the Bitch Made for shame These fools throwing up westside, known that they never gangbang Much less "F" around with the hood they claim That's drama, talking out your brain for fame It's to put the Bitch Made for shame These fools yelling out westside, known that they never gangbang Much less "F" around with the hood they claim Artist: Get the Fist Movement Album: Get the Fist 12" Song: Get the Fist Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [King Tee] Get a taste of the heat while I burn down the streets Time to recognize who wore the white sheets Gafflin me up and I'm fightin cause they got me Known as a King knowin what they did to Rodney I know you know the deal, it's open season on my race I'm black and I'm proud to be lootin in your face But yet I'm real smart, cause see, it's a plan To lock up and shut down the black man [Yo-Yo] Yeah, you can play that role like you ain't with it if you wanna But it's on to the break of dawn I said it's just 'a few good men' when we were fightin I guess it'll be more good men now we're united Now all of a sudden they wanna bring in troops Niggas in my hood been gettin loose and buckin fools But now we're gettin wiser, you can tell by the fires That they're fed up, the war is on us [MC Eiht] What happened to the drive-by killings? Ain't nothin poppin no more cause brothers now chillin From every hood to block to corner to street Not black-on-black, the other color gets beat Mh, I guess it's time for brothers to turn the page and Let out some rage and bang a Caucasian Geah, MC Eiht got the pale face runnnin scared Gang of blue, fuck the white, I'm down with the red [B-Real] Doin dirt, at the time I thought it couldn't hurt So I became a jackin expert Lootin, scootin uptown cause they're shootin up a clown That fuckin pig in the blue suit  That pig, sow, buster-ass copper Pointin my bazooka at your pork chopper You passed me a lump just a month back That's why I got my hand on the pump, jack [HOOK 2x] You can get with that, or you can get with this You can get the boot, or you can get the fist [J-Dee] Heary heary, y'all come kick it, man I never thought I'd see a thousand Crips in the Nickerson Gardens, pardon my manners I saw the Bloods and Crips wavin big black banners Bandanas tied, straps on their side Cause in the projects it was a lotta black pride And I remember the time I couldn't answer my pager Cause if you were slippin your enemy come and gauge ya [KAM] It's the KAM and Watts Up, damn, this is like a dream It feels good, cause every hood is on the same team Archrivals got the five-o's kinda nervous They layin in the cut but I know they wanna serve us And I'm certain it's hurtin Daryl Gates He rather have a brother pressin California license plates While the media gets greedier for ratings It's 12 o'clock at night but I'm rollin gold Daytons And it's cool cause ain't nobody trip but the cops Deep jeep bass comin from the rag top [Threat] It took more than a letter to pull us black together But that goes to show you, never say never I seen the tape, I didn't have to see it twice Never seen nothin like it in my life, 12 blind mice Is this the end, where we begin Makin friends with Mister Chen? From the dirt to the streets to the avenues Way, way deep, deep in the Zoo [Ice Cube] Would you believe Not guilty, the filthy devils tried to kill me When the news get to the hood the niggas will be Hotter than cayenne pepper, cuss, bust Kickin up dust is a must I can't trust a cracker in a blue uniform Stick a nigga like a unicorn Born wicked, Laurence Powell, foul Cut his damn throat and I smile  [HOOK 2x] You can get with that, or you can get with this You can get the boot, or you can get the fist The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Bud'da, Dr. Dre Album: Got it Locked 12" Song: Got it Locked (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Dr. Dre] Bump bump, ha ha ha Make it bump, bump bump Bump bump, said what? Bump bump, yeah Yo, kick this shit homie!! Ha ha ha [King Tee] Once again, it's the shadiest In the 80's when you was pushing Stadias I was rolling on Mercedes with the alias Daily, throwing up my radius Maybe it's why your ladies afraid of me Don't know what to say to me But she's intrigued by the diamond cut watch The black silk socks, the video is on the pock Let's move the party to the Doc Dre at 80 foot yachts is And you can hear the bass from blocks Fool, wet bar just to fade ya Whores left behind, keep blowing up my pager And it's a freaky scene, chains and whips Only bring the squeaky clean tricks that came to mix with Tha Liks The authentic, Indo is scented Limo, windows tinted, so you can't see who's in it There's no limit to how many mics get tore a minute If the party's cracking then I'm in it [Chorus: Bud'da X2] We got the party locked down, what you wanna do? Ladies wanna dance, homies do too Don't even bring a strap to this King Tee'll make you clap to this Word up, y'all -----> Quote from a previous record [King Tee] Now, you're rolling with the King Flossing with no flaws in the ring Tossing to leave jaws in a sling, often The scrilla peeler, cabbage clutcher, kitty luster Tiny toucher, not a buster, hustler Rush the dancefloor, see a whore That make me wanna "Be The One With You" like Usher Plus the cluster, the type black in the bar back was cool The front and the back was cool So we do, Cognac for two That make the King wanna Act A Fool (remember that?) Player haters hot, cause I got more gold than Willie Gault and them I ain't faulting them, but let's talk about sex like Salt and them I won't end, you won't gain, let's not pretend I'll get the party hot like the cops walked on your blocks (What's up?) Cause King Tee got it locked [Chorus: X2] [King Tee] Some of y'all still don't know what King means, it means ruler Castle dweller, old schooler with the wine cellar And a drawbridge, my troops got you crew hostage While I'm getting head at their grapes and sausage Y'all kids wanna know how the boss lives? Crib, saucy like ribs, and I got first dibs Soon as you crack the bottle, toss it back 'til it's hollow Mackin' everything from hoodrats to supermodels Never subtle, save your rebuttal You couldn't get play in a huddle So ladies tell your man tonight, you can't tonight He gotta use his hand tonight, I guess I planned it right We can smash out in the glass house Hit the hotel, pull the cash out I'll hit it 'til you pass out, then slide back to the spot Cause Aftermath and King Tee got it locked, yeah!! [Chorus: X4] [Outro] We gotta get in to you, aww wweee We gotta get in to you, aww wweee We gotta get in to you, aww wweee We gotta get in to you, aww wweee We gotta get in to you, aww wweee We gotta get in to you, aww wweee We gotta get in to you, aww wweee The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Defari Herut Album: The Ruthless Chronicles Song: As Life Goes By Typed By: Dy_face@hotmail.Com [Intro: King Tee Talking] Ha ha, yeah Stop My man Herut We came to put a little trife in your life Yes Sir, ooohhh, spill a little game Spit a new game [Defari Herut] Understand one thing Study the game, look at your frame, nothin' remains one second gone things'll never the same Livin' with change, we all want a mension and reigns But can't explain, why homeless have to remain! Give up on life, yeah right, I struggle and fight Fight for my life, for sure nigga, fight til I die For my Hip-Hop, we smoke burnin' the sky It's reddin' my eye, turn the key startin' my mind Now they came high, Snakes in the grass tell lies Babylon rock, Babylon will burn in fire Burnin' desires, liquor, gushs, Rims and Tires Higher then high, we blow 'til our lunks expire Firmin' desires, Hennessey and light green pyres Higher then high, we blow 'til our lunks expire (*Coughing*) Some of things gonna blow my mind Tryin' to figure them now while I'm gettin' high ?? the life shippin' Champagne, every time I tried Some of things gonna blow my mind Got to get some stacks, got to smoke this fry Steady some stress searchin' that Turnin, back as the life goes by [King Tee] I'm ballin' out control, way before the first tape sold A nigga stayed ballin, I ain't never went gold Cuffed by the cops, but a nigga never told Tila kept chips, somethin' fresh to roll Niggaz need to stop hatin, niggaz need to start prayin' Thinkin' God they ain't facin' what I'm prayin' Big Time Crooks, with them Mad Dog looks With the trigger, on you Hollywood ass niggaz Like I said before, I balled half my life Kept it Gangster for the ones locked down, singin' through the night And you was just tryin' to make it right Beat your little ones and your wife Hold up, I rather slang big crack and big macks any day Niggas did that to live fat anyway So you'll take a few grips to your homeboy's bitch That slut got back then she snitched, damn! [Defari Herut] I will, architect the life to build I won't, sleep cause it's real in a field I do, pledge allegiance to my crew I don't, love with a chosen few I can't, strive to be the best of man I can't, fear God's master plans So I know, I only got one life to live [King Tee] Yeah, and with that, we live day by day It's for the moment, focusin' in one opponent Can't really leave too much rules so upon us I'm a hard, and punks show up to get dart Fifteen years on the set and still hard Still got some old money buried in the yard Police, straight a head, young nigga don't clinch He chose to play the game, young nigga don't snitch [Chorus: til fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Bad Azz, Da Homie E, Young Maylay Album: The Ruthless Chronicles/San Andreas: The Original Mixtape Song: Ghetto * Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * re-titled as 'Inna Ghetto' for 'San Andreas Mixtape' [Intro: Unidentified Artist] (*Coughing*) Na, La La La La La, ghetto awww Na, La La La La La, ghetto awww.. awww awww [Verse One: King Tee] Man, let the summer begin, the heat excites my westsiders Ain't nothing but G's and Lowriders Dipping in the tightest, indoed out, benzoed out Fool, what got the Henn' no doubt My friends show out, we stack up ends and roll out Make sure the Chronic smoke blows out Them tricks got no clout Cause they're hating how we serve it Don't test T-Loc, it ain't worth it The satellites go circuit, zooming in or how you work it And killers make the world standstill, picture perfect Infinite since the infantile of the child Mamma said the baby gone wild, so I'm like Ta-dow How you like your chickens, how to mild I slang them like it's going out to style Now, I'm in traffic, any block these rims will turn Take you niggaz on the burn [Chorus: Unidentified Artist] We're cracking bottles, we're popping Es Life is crazy in the ghetto, awww  We're stacking money, we're blowing trees Ain't shit for free in the ghetto, awww awww awww [Verse Two: Da Homie E] The invincible (For Sure) in the ghetto, still active Plotted these whores, find that attractive Those in high-heels with skull skills Constantly boozed and popped pills (YEAH!!) Hand me your big bills, fat faces High top chucks with the fat blue laces (YEAH!!) Been many places, dodged many cases Dip Hundred Spokes, used to be laces [Verse Three: Young Maylay] We stay in new shoes, green sleeves, white jeans We choose to be.. in wide Ts like me (YEAH!!) Lock down the street, high bopping beat Homies hold their own heat, 45 under my seat Gold and chrome and gold Dees with my hat to the back Box knocking and Gangster rapping And ohh.. no problem to jack for what we lack  I'm liver to have cheese, weed, cavie and strap [Verse Four: Bad Azz] We're hollering at you, nigga, you should holler at us back Get a rattle in a sack, plus, a mottle or a bract Pop a collar with a mack, for a scholar with a gat Get a dollar off a jack, let him blow off his sack It's nothing to a boss, but tomorrow hit me back So now need his raps, it's hard with no snaps When you call got a flat, nobody calling you back You can't blame a nigga out there, holding his right They treat a nigga the same if you're balling in this raps I'm falling them back, we're all in a patch If you think we're all that, I stand tall cause I'm black My heart is tact, I'm smart when you lack I got a diamond cause that You're pushing a car full of whack It's an art not an act, play the part by the bats The King and I always making spark where we at The party has been started while you're parking your 'llacs [Chorus] - repeat until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Boss Mack Album: The Ruthless Chronicles Song: Let it Go Typed by: Dy_face@hotmail.Com [Intro] [King Tee] Give me some more volume.. [Boss Mack] King Tee, pass me that drink, nigga [Boss Mack] All you motherfuckering pimps [King Tee] (*Toke*) Woow, ha ha [Boss Mack] All you motherfuckers, cause this is motherfucking.. All the motherfuckers, cause this is motherfucking.. All the motherfuckers, cause this is motherfucking.. All the motherfuckers, cause this is motherfucking.. [King Tee] Alright, we got it [Chorus: Boss Mack] Gangsters, whores, alcohol, drugs, ecstasy, blow It's a wild life, wild out niggaz let it go Gangsters, whores, alcohol, drugs, ecstasy, blow It's a wild life, wild out bitches let it go [Verse 1: King Tee] Hold up! The sin sets in a smoke filled room And all the Rotwelliers hollering at the moon Someone is coming, with eight karat diamonds on his jewels (Who was that?) the rebirth of the cool Finally resurrected, with the game of life profected Cause the strain of my voice gets noised on the record transmitting That nigga takes a blow and keeps ticking The Hop-Hipping, balling nigga from the Liks and Now listen, if you fuck back in your Coup Roll around your neighborhood finna hit the loop Just react, throw your neighborhood like that Whoever set trip gets ripped off the map Take precautions, when you're at that light launch coughing of the herb Macking at them whores on the curb Bump this, now you're feeling paused up, ain't ya? My name is King Tee, I'd like introduce you to some fucking to.. [Chorus: Boss Mack] [Verse 2: King Tee] Uhh, King Tee, I spit the game since I came out I'm from the city where them niggaz known to bang out And everyday we hit the town, pull the Range out King Tee, the master plan in turning the game out Making money is in my blood I started from nothing to coming up, nigga what? Perusing my dreams for bigger thing Wild in the being, bitches get stuck, got ball in the bling About ten Karats how old in the ring Niggaz hate cause their bitch bow to the King And down to do the damn thing Feel me nigga? - I gots to keep it gangster Cause player haters hate a nigga with paper And fuck you haters, I be doing the majors And make it happened like ticking the lakers And how you figure, you can stop the dude? Cause I'm a vet at this shit and got a lots to pull So keep it gangster [Chorus: Boss Mack] [Verse 3: Boss Mack] Yo, yo, yo, this shit is whore can't start it out Young niggaz seen too much Young Buck had dreams and really living it up But it was just an older dude tapping green too much Hundred stacks, gold money, they done cleaning it up Ride for the coast, die for the coast and pose This is real life, nigga, you can't press pause I saw the rough, real tough, ragged and raw Down in the place they call the gutter, maybe tougher than all My own grandpopps was a fiend chasing the Rock Take a big hit, waiting for the pain to stop Basically, these streets awaking me, I mean mistaking me Now, I'm standing straight into the face of the beast You can't be ready, Freak Freddy, the Boss speak heavy And ride whores like the scretch nutty We're at the hotel waiting for the paper to come Break the bread and take the shit like Big Pun And it don't cheat us.. [Chorus: Boss Mack] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ DJ Pooh, Mix Master Spade Album: St. Ides TV Commerical * Song: St. Ides  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.Com * on DJ Drank's "Greatest Malt Liquor Hits" [DJ Pooh]  Aiy man, what's up?  Why don't you get us a Forty Ounce Let's go get an Eight Ball [King Tee]  Man, Eight Ball!! I don't drink no Eight Ball no more, Man [DJ Pooh]  You don't drink Eight Ball Let's give a hit y'all (*A great round of applause*) [King Tee] No Man [DJ Pooh:] Alright! [Chorus: King Tee]  I drink.. St.. St.. St.. St.. St.. St. Ides St.. St. Ides.. St.. St.. St.. St. Ides St.. St. Ides.. St.. St.. St.. St. Ides [King Tee] Yo, now listen up close and set the Eight Ball aside For a Stronger Malt liquor, it's called St. Ides I usually drink it when I'm out just clowning Me and the home boys, you know, be like downing  Cause it's stronger but the taste is more smooth I grab a Forty ounce when I wanna act a fool If they told you King Tee drinks Eight Ball they lied [Chorus: King Tee]  I drink.. St.. St.. St.. St.. St.. St. Ides St.. St. Ides.. St.. St.. St.. St. Ides St.. St. Ides.. St.. St.. St.. St. Ides I drink.. St.. St.. St.. St.. St.. St. Ides St.. St. Ides.. St.. St.. St.. St. Ides St.. St. Ides.. St.. St.. St.. St. Ides [M. Spade] Do you wanna go to the liquor Store? [King Tee] Come on, Spade [M. Spade] And get some St. Ides, baby, get some St. Ides [King Tee] Mellow Baby!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee f/ Yo-Yo Album: St. Ides Commercial * Song: You Need a Six Pack  Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com * on DJ Drank's "Greatest Malt Liquor Hits" [Intro: King Tee] Yo, this is King Tee I got my Home Girl Yo-Yo in the house She wants to tell you about the St. Ides brew You know what I'm sayin?! Yo-Yo [Yo-Yo] There's no way you can skip the subject You drink St. Ides simply cause you love it Admirin' it, and I'm the one who inspirin' it St. Ides is in the house Ladies, let's try this Gets you in the mood, makes you wanna oohh Girl, I'm tellin' you Have your soul relax, you came or back around up And you'll be goin' for six pack Better than your ordinary This what keeps you mellow honey Drinkin' it on the open up, it's garanteed to save your money Have you on the door, can't say no or why you add it Grab some for Yo-Yo There's nothin' to see, the super St.  St. Ides Malt liquor is the best in the streets G [Outro: Yo-Yo] Ha ha ha yeah, Yo-Yo Stompin' through the 90s Ladies, don't be afraid to go out there and tell your man: Aiy look, you need a six pack You know what I'm sayin?! St. Ides The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Tee Album: Thicker Than Water O.S.T. Song: I Don't Wanna Die Typed by: Thugsta@gmx.de [Verse 1] Just another night in my Philly  Will get dreams ain't worth a penny We celebrate life every night, toast a (?) I feel it in me, it's frustratin' enough  to watch the lil' homies on the grind tryin' to come up. But look at me: the older generation O.G. Tryin' to shake these nine-ounce into a key Thinkin' major, knowin' all the time I need to save ya; the anger I thank the feds for playin' on my pager!  Huh, but in still I smash out without fright And raise the six hundred headlights through the night Keep it tight! My reputation stands well Cuz all the good niggas are either dead or in jail Let's ?pretend? For one second hustlas who had riches Stop flossin' for these fake ass bitches Puttin' all these G's turned snitches but it's (?) these days Ya homeboy will put you in ya grave Chorus: [2x] And I don't wanna die but if I do Homies, don't cry! I did so much dirt I should fry And, loc, sometimes I don't wanna come outside But I'm all G'up, so let's ride! [Verse 2] I wake up every morning the same ?Hollowed? with my grains  Peepin' out my window for the change But all I see is pain. I sold out my soul for the game Familiar. Dat's why I gang bang, dat's why I slang caine. I gots to maintain for what's I head My baby-momma bringin' mo' drama than the feds. But I ain't scared of all the automatic full of lead I'm proof for the livin' walkin' dead! I'm rollin' wit some niggas prepared for anything, anywhere Anytime fag in the hood are over there. Dat's my outlook on life until it ends A pocket full of chips and a Benz. Shakin' all them so-called friends because they scheme and they plot To lay me down and get what I got We're runnin' off their spots wit glocks and fo-fo's like vets And before I leave I cross out their set! Chorus: [2x] Interlude: "But, you know, it's like everybody I hear   wanna be a tough guy killa, a gangsta, you understand?  But, ah, most of the gangstas and killas I know (?) dead" [Verse 3] I don't wanna die but I see the devil's walkin' his flame (?)  Callin' my name like he know me I pray dat god (?) his (?) foe me, show me a sign! I be right here on the front line in this war zone Tryin' to get mine before it's time. But as I step over bodies dat I peeled The vision hell's angels and the field (?)  Wavin' at me, getting close witta fat grin on the (?)  But they always take the niggas dat I killed G, the situation is ill, I feel my turn's probably next Dat's why I sport a bulletproof vest, but I stress All it takes is one shot to the dome Now your family's sittin' in the front row when you're gone Chorus: [4x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The West Coast Rap All-Stars Album: We're All in the Same Gang Song: We're All in the Same Gang Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (with help from liner notes) {*gun is cocked and fired*} (I'm King News and I come to you with the truth The mean streets took six more lives overnight all the result of gang-bang stupidity By the way, you gangsters should know one of your victims was a three year old girl Well, you gang members, you still don't get it, do ya?) (With your badself) [King Tee] It's straight up madness everywhere I look Used to be a straight a student, now he's a crook Robbin people just to smoke or shoot up Used to have a crew cut, now he's a pooh-put Dropped out of school and he joins the neighborhood gang Hangin on the streets sellin caine To his own people Now when I say people I mean color You a stupid muthaf... I'm tryin to stress the fact that you're dumb Get yourself presentable, son, and just come Together, you better, cause pretty soon it's gonna be too late A message from King Tee The Great [Body & Soul] Sisters, since we are the mothers of this earth It's time we start being good mothers from the birth Of our children, no time for sleepin Teach em to fight and win for the right reason It's your time, it's your life, live it Proud to be black, young and gifted Lifted by the knowledge and takin the right route Gang violence needs to be wiped out A-l-m-i-g-h-ty C and E-z-i-r-e We see the f-u-t-u-r-e Should be a positive thang Body & Soul and you, we're in the same gang [Def Jef] One and the same Everyone came in the same chains Caught with the same aim Brain games and names changed To protect the innocent by-stander Lies, slander and the master-planner Destroy the black male Crack jail and semi-automatic For static if the crack fails So since we all talk the same slang Stop killin, my brother, cause we're all from the same gang [Michel'le] Don't you know we've got to put our heads together? Make the change cause we're all in the same gang [Tone-Loc] Now as a youth I used to get my bang on And on the ave get my part-time slang on Upon a time for me was no joke though They knew I was crazy, so they labelled me Loco Khakis creased, golf hat, feelin sporty Low ridin and tossin up a forty Thinkin in my mind that no one could handle us The downest brothers ever touched Los Angeles I found life was much more suitable Cause I'm the brother that makes black so beautiful I ain't slippin or down with a head trip I'm talkin to all the Bloods and all the Crips Throw down your rag and get on the right track, man It's time to fight, unite and be a black man Tone-Loc is on a positive change Cause remember, we're all in the same gang [Above The Law] Bein the pimps that we are We're here to speak on a situation that has gone too far Here at home in the ghettos of LA Where a young black brother's not promised to see the next day Cause we used to clock on the streets before we made beats But fools just lay and prey on the weak It don't depend on the color of a rag Cause if you got what they want you know they gonna take what you have Cause violence don't only revolve from drugs and thugs And gangs that bang Most times it's a political thang Yeah, a couple of spots'll get popped And if the government wanted to freeze it it could all get stopped But they don't because they want it like that Because the system been set up to hold us back Yeah, Above The Law means that we can do whatever So why don't we stick together? (You got it) [Ice-T] Ice-T rippin the microphone the way I do Listen close, my brothers, cause I'm talkin to you The problem is we got a suicidal lifestyle Cause 90 percent of us are livin foul and wild I say job, you say ([Hen-G:] bad joke I rather jack another brother, watch the gun smoke) Livin in the fast lane flippin like you're insane You won't stop until your blood runs down the street drain I got an idea, give me a minute And if it makes sense, then get with it What if we could take our enemies, feed em poison Undereducate their girls and boys and Split em up, make em fight one another Better yet, make em kill for a color All my brothers need to know one thing No matter what you think, we're all in the same gang [Michel'le] Don't you know we've got to put our heads together? Stop the fighting (Make the change) Because we're all in the same gang [Dr. Dre & MC Ren] Yo, we're not here to preach because we're not ministers We're tellin like it is cause Ren and Dre is like sinister Reality speaks for itself when it's spoken A basehead cluck can't blame nobody for smokin Yo, bullets flyin, mothers cryin, brothers dyin Lyin in the streets, that's why we're tryin To stop it from fallin apart and goin to waste And keepin a smile off a white face N.W.A never preachin, just teachin The knowledge of the streets to each and All that don't understand, that's why we came To let you know that we're all in the same gang [JJ Fad] The J double, F, the a, the d, that is And if you want the solution to the quiz What's black in black, yo, and kills another? An ignorant sucker that isn't labelled as a brother But another So now it's time we evolve And get together and solve it Cause the world is revolvin Around a terrible situation One will kill another for a reputation So it's time we stop and realize that we're all the same Yo Dre, tell em (We're all in the same gang) [Young MC] Brothers killin other brothers I thought the idea was to love one another? Open up the paper to one more death If y'all keep this up then there'll be no one left I try my best to set an example Sayin hype lyrics over hip-hop samples Not just a bragger to boast but to inform Cause we're livin in the calm before the storm You see, I believe that the children are the future But what's it all about if in the future they shoot ya? We're all human beings, if we're cut we'll bleed And I want to see all young people succeed Do 9 to 5, not 5 to 10 Just go to work and not the state pen Cause you live better when you're out there free And that's comin straight to ya from the Young MC [Digital Underground] I'm in a rage Oh yeah? Yo, why is that g? Other races, they say we act like rats in a cage I tried to argue, but check it, every night in the news We prove them suckers right and I got the blues America... Get busy, Humpy The red, the white, the blue and The blue and the red For Clips and Bloods The white for who's got you doin Time bustin caps on one another The Underground's down for peace among brothers Kill a black man? What? Yo, what are you retarded? Tell em, Hump Yo, do you work for the Klan? Do what you like Unless you like gangbangin Let's see how many brothers leave us hangin [Oaktown's 3.4.7.] The gang that should hang is the one that contains The sisters and the brothers who are all in the same frame of mind Now listen, get loose, it's unity time Yeah, yeah Peace is a presence that we all need The future's in our hands, in word and deed I'm Terrible T and I'm Sweet LD We're 3.5.7. totally [MC Hammer] Kickin on the ave 'bout a quarter to 9 All the homies gettin blind in an eight ball line Now on this tip they started runnin at the lip Jumped in their deuce and took a little trip Hit the block about 12 on the tick The windows went down and the nines went click People started yellin, bodies started bailin Bullets cold flyin sendin some to hell and It's gotta stop, we don't need all the violence Peace in the hood and a moment of silence We got together not for ego or fame We got involved cause we're all in the same gang [Eazy-E] Last but not least, yo, Eazy's no sell-out And if you can't hang in the streets, then get the hell out I'm not tryin to tell ya what to do You have your own freedom of choice who to listen to You knew good from bad, fair from foul, right from wrong Now your mother's singing that sad song (My baby ain't never hurt nobody!) But he still got smoked at Bb's party But you're not the first or the last You're nothin but a short story from the past You're dead now, not number one but a zero Take notes from Eazy-E, the violent hero [Michel'le] Don't you know we've got to put our heads together? Don't you know we've got to put our heads together? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tha Alkaholiks f/ King Tee, Q-Tip Album: Coast II Coast Song: All the Way Live Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Tash Caps get peeled rolling in my force field Like a nine with hollow points I keep rap flows that's ill So when you walkin down the block you better watch who you approachin I'm not your R&B singer, so ain't no need for vocal coachin Just a forty and a roach and I'll admit you rock the units While y'all niggaz couldn't move me if you worked for Starvin Students Downin all beer types, from St. Ide's to Red Stripe (yipes!) The menace stuffin mics down motherfuckers windpipes Has returrrrned, to burrrrn, it's time y'all niggaz learrrrrn I neaturalize y'all niggaz like relaxer in a perm with flows that go against the grain with a story so compellin I should mind The People's Court, snatch the mic from Doug Llewellyn and host my own show, after Bill Cosby comes Ricooooo! Transmitting live to all my black people Catch my drift, I'm down with my nigga E-Swift My name is Tash, I'm from the group that you don't wanna fuck with Never shy, sippin on some why ask why Smokin thai with this bitch that's more fly than Jasmin Guy Hooked up with John Q so let me do my thiiing while niggaz rock the play shit that they bought from Chess King But still, I train rhymes to flip like a seal Niggaz say my rhyme skill on the steel is unreal But all I do is chill and swing it when I bring it Oh shit that's my nigga show these niggaz how you figure Verse Two: Q-Tip I bring it to your chest pour all the way live And deliver ill verse guaranteed to cause highs When we start rappin heads roll like Patton With the flood blood clot the Alkaholiks rhyme a lot Yo I'm like Grimace when I'm on this rap scrimmage ANd I got this magic wand to make your puny soul diminish The Abstract delivers, I be the Queens nigga on point Mary Jane ain't nuttin but a joint They called a nigga up to add a little bit of flavor Now I'm cuttin and slashin like Luke's light saber Yeah, what? You trapped in the zone Where MC's get seared and all spots blown And in this rap shit a nigga need to be thicky I fuck with the crew who downs the deuce deuce Mickey's I'm from the rotten apple, y'all niggaz can't grapple And love to the Liks, hit your ass like a tackle [Pow, bust my liquid-ass style  Peace to Mad Lib and my nigga Wild Child] Verse Three: J-Ro Yo put in the disc E While I hit the whiskey [Bust a rhyme off the head J] The nigga missed me I'm in this rap game so I'ma aim to be best It's fresh, but off the head it's like the dunk contest I don't walk the street, I roll my Jeep in an instant I rock the beat to sleep like an infant The Likwit crew, comin like this on you With that four minute Olde English piss on you You're bustin dumb raps off the cap, oh shit But I got the pen and pad locked down like a pit I let the, ink submerger, into the thin wood sheets Beats make my head bop, so I'ma rock it for the streets I fill all my days with big butts and boom I let my pants hand cause my big nuts need room I'm not old school, or new school, I'm modern school, I'm ditchin When my girl starts bitchin I gets got like a kitchen I fly down like the Chi-town wind Cause I got the iller noise to make the hardcore grin When, the saints come marchin in I'ma roll right by em in the fly Lincoln Roughneck niggaz wanna box me down Cause I got the ladies lookin like Foxy Brown The Liks bring the beer Tip sticks it in your earholes I drop the mic and strike the Heisman pose Verse Four: King Tee Hardcore G, I get hardcore man From the underland a fuckin wonderman, bam Lunatic potential, an isperential differential Confidentially smashin instrumentals On this tune I bring raps of doom to the mic And put my rear shit in flight, peep If the drunk funk don't wanna hump in your trunk Man you got some motherfuckin junk The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tha Alkaholiks Album: Coast II Coast Song: Bottoms Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Tash Yes yes yes yes yes yeah-he-ha-ha-ha! Back to drown ya'll motherfuckaz! Who we got, we got, we got We got the Liks, we got the Liks, we got the Liks Cause MC's in ninety-five, MC's in ninety-five MC's in ninety-five that think they rock like MC's in ninety-five, MC's in ninety-five MC's in ninety-five that swear they rock live Verse One: MC's in ninety-five they need way more rehearsin They write they booty kyrics then they add they little curse in YOu're not a true hip-hop person Spend a little time with your rhymes and quit makin wack versions I send this shit out to all them niggaz from that group With the ninety minute demo sounding just like Snoop You better bizzay, your ass up out my rhyme zone Fore I leave you on the ground broke up like pine cones You're rootin and tootin but ain't did no shootin while the freshest hip-hop, it curses verses like a wicked witch Disaster, cock the rhyme flows back to kill To get me out your system takes more than Golden Seal Cause I bust so many flows I gotta file my shit in columns while MC's be goin down like Olympiads that slalom, rock-bottom I got em, left without no watchers While I be housin niggaz like they put up for adoption I rock loaded, I never get promoted But through the bullshit my crew stays devoted While you be bustin lyrics bout the funs y'all niggaz toted I'll be standin like a b-boy with both arms folded But no exucses, I still get the loosest When RIco's in the house tryin to grab the mic and juice this So back the fuck up like we told you last time Cause it's the Liks in the house with the ninety-five rhymes Chorus: Repeat 4X We can do out thing (we can do our thing), bottoms up! Verse Two: J-Ro I wake up, kill a roach, call the homies, hit some weights Reminesce about the shows we did in fourty-eight states Banned in the rest, but we was on tour with who De La, and Quest, we made the crowd say yes (yes) Now it's like fuck, Make Room, move your ass out my way Bay-bee, bay-bee WIth all these hoes around clwon, why you wanna bang? Let's have a celebration like Kool and the Gang I bring it all the way back, like a punk return I rock some spots and call more shots than Chick Hearns The only MC I like is Amante I was drinkin Asi Spumante wit cha auntie Bust them lyrics shots from the AKG When it comes to style and finesse, I'm the epitome Hit a beat, make em all retire, flyer higher than a jet, like Stet I'm on fire Causin pain like a runaway train you don't stop Drop the track, now watch it flow back to the top I'm the J-R-O, not J-E-R-U And you know what we came to do, bottoms up! Chorus Verse Three: King Tee When you hear screams, that means King Tee walked in The advertisement, and that nigga's bent Raise up off the wall, bitches Last Call Ready for the ruckus, pushin motherfuckers off the stage Teela's got a brand new gauge So Make Room, for the crew with beats that I got a complex I guess I bust best with stress A mess, don't bring that shit to the West, cause Uhhh, I bring drama, like Jeffery Dahmer Choppin up MC's with they mama Ah-hah! Oops I made a funny with the dozens The one-est, who busts rough rhymes for the cousins Super Nigga's comin! Faster than a bullet Leapin over buildings, wavin at the children And don't even trip cause the Alkaholiks funk don't cease Tash I'm up out this piece Chorus (repeat until fades) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tha Liks f/ King T Album: X.O. Experience Song: The Bubble Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Nigga quit playin with the god damn drum machine Motherfucker (ha) yo.. [Chorus: repeat 2X] Wherever my crew go, same old scenario Takin over every show, rockin on the radio-ohhhhhhhh Oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh, oh-oh, oh [E-Swift] It's Tha Liks you know our repoitoire, we party y'all We treat every day like it's fuckin Mardi Gras (y'know) Y'all done started somethin you just can't finish Ten years deep in this game called rap business We takin hip-hop back, it's gettin unbearable Y'all done disrespected the game somethin terrible My Likwid Crew shower you, with rhymes that's uncomparable Beats so ridiculous it just ain't fair to you We act stupid off the tonic and whiskey Smoke so much weed you might think I'm a hippie In the club drunk with my nigga King Tipsy Lookin for some hoes that we can toss like frisbies Bail through the club belligerent like, "Bitch Please" (damn) Tab at the bar is already like six G's Everywhere we go, I roll with the same old gang Doin the same old thang, again and again [Tash] Niggaz know.. (y'all niggaz know).. On your marks get wet, three vets is on the set It's nine years in the game and we ain't lost a step yet We still in full effect with drunk rhymes that make the world spin (While you starin at me nigga) Nigga, I'm starin at your girlfriend Women see us out and think my click is too obnoxious Cause we bail around the party like we off a couple notches We off a couple vodkas, homegirl, we Likwid niggaz Take the time to get to blow us, tell yo' friends come kick it with us Ha ha, all jokes aside, we slide slippers Money fallin out my pocket like I robbed nine strippers Tash is, "Animal House" like Jon Belushi I'll be drinkin all the sake while you eatin all the sushi (damn) (Whattup nigga?) It's still the same situation Tha Liks be gettin head from the same bitch you datin Ratin us a 9'll be a waste of your time We tens with big ends so let the games begin (y'know) [Tash] Niggaz know.. y'all niggaz know.. Niggaz know.. y'all niggaz know.. [King Tee] Yeah, yeah! Imperialistic without doubt, the King'll blast your character out So stop playin with it, you fadin in it I stay with it, let me present the crown sound Constricted with the Likwid, the ticket round town The wicked wild sound unleashed out the cage Plus the Alkaholiks got the bar on stage Get pissy, Tipsy got a baggy full of cavi J-Ro put D's on the Mavi' Swift got TV's in the Caddy Tash kept it all factory The Likwid far from tacky Even if I step in the Sky Bar, K-Swiss and hard khakis Y'all niggaz better be happy, let me bubble [Tash] Niggaz know.. niggaz know, y'all niggaz know.. Niggaz know.. y'all niggaz know.. {*E-Swift scratches "Tha Liks" until almost the end*} [Chorus - partial] Wherever my crew go, same old scenario.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tha Alkaholiks f/ King Tee Album: 21 and Over Song: Bullshit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: J-Ro (Whooo! Hah hah!) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah we kickin it Uhh uhh uhh we kickin it Yeah yeah we kickin it (Whooo!) Yeah yeah we kickin it Yeah, Cali in the house Huh, uhh, Fred in the house Check it out, BULLSHIT! Verse One: J-Ro I'm J-Ro the man, I'm gettin down I gets mo daps than H. Rap Brown I drive the hoes wild cause they love the way I talk You can't drive me crazy cause I'm close enough to walk I bust threes like Terry Tegall, get higher than a eagle You're just a dirty pigeon, BSn bout religion I don't give a damn if you don't eat ham You grab the microphone and reguse to slam I make a nigga scared to grab the mic behind me I kick shit so deep King Neptune couldn't fine me Yo, can I get a go J-Ro? (Go J-Ro!) To let me know if I can flow I probably be doper if I smoked crack like you But Swift and Tash'll beat my ass until I'm black and blue Cause I ain't with, no way out shit I'm tired of this one-hittin played out shit Some niggaz rock like the Liks... BULLSHIT! Uhh, I hate big tits...   BULLSHIT! We'll never make another hit... BULLSHIT! I don't drink cause I quit...  BULLSHIT! Come on (Whooo!) Yeah yeah yeah yeah We kickin it (hold up) we kickin it We kickin it Baby youse my one and only... BULLSHIT! Baby that's a true fact...  BULLSHIT! Uhh, I never leave ya lonely... BULLSHIT! Yo, I'll call you right back... BULLSHIT! Verse Two: J-Ro, King Tee Baby don't take the blame youse a real cool dame But now that I made you call my name you just don't look the same From the middle of the bed I bang your head like a rock n roller On the way out, I smacked a nigga with my pistol-a When I met you I sure wishin aye tower You hopped on my dank like there was no tomorrow All I wanted was some sexin, now you want affection Damn I hate to see your ass comin in my direction Wait here, I'll be right back, I'm goin to get a spliff You know I'm goin through your ass like Emmitt Smith Well oh snap! Here goes a fashion That's incredible, with the style That I learned back as a younglin, where's the beef Don't sleep, I used to run around with the creeps Ain't no tellin, Jack told Helen About a lot of people so I'm runnin for the border And get me a taco, gin and sako Mom and pop yo, I'm rockin this shit! It's not a plan I wrote the book called style Taught the child how to stand when he piss Be a man, go fuck Jan The white man's tan, bring back MC Shan And I rhymed every word...  BULLSHIT! Wackest style you ever heard... BULLSHIT! Outro: For the beats sake, rock on rock on For the beats sake, rock on rock on And you go Whoooo! Grand groove, grand groove (Alkaholiks y'all, alkaholiks y'all) Uhh, take it back now Cause it's fat now, that's how I bring it back now Whoooo! Grand groove grand groove This one dedicated, to all the motherfuckers out there Bullshittin This wonderful bullshit how would you make a record          BULLSHIT! I don't smoke no     BULLSHIT! I don't drink no     BULLSHIT! I don't fuck no     BULLSHIT! This one goes out to the P-Town And all over, yeah baby, yeah baby, Compton baby Everybody in the house And we out... Alkaholiks... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tha Alkaholiks f/ King Tee Album: Likwidation Song: Funny Style Typed by: OHHLA.com J-Ro: Yo, I'm from Killa Cali I wrote this rhyme in an alley The tall can MC stepping fresh out the valley I'm hella fresh comin straight through your chest I blow a hole in you soul, I'm constantly on a roll Cuz in order to survive, you gots to have drive Like a rental, but I'ma call you Ben cuz you gentle My crew's blowin up like a Pinto Hip hop's gettin rotten but we stay fresh like a Mento So put it in your mouth We gonna show you what this rap shit is really all about We gonna turn this bitch out like Goldie This cut will still bump when it's an oldie And if we still ain't sold platinum or gold That'll be the bigges lie you ever told me, hold me...back Black, I snack on the wack and wash it down with a fifth of Yak It's like that and that's the way it is You can ask his to stay out my biz Girl, I'm off the hook, plug me into your adaptor I'm sending wack rhymes to the rafters Turn up your skill factor, you bitin rhymes like a Raptor You thought we was through but this is still the first chapter Before I go, can I get an "Ooh Ooh!" It's J-Ro, baby, from the Likwit Crew Chorus: repeat 8X Funny style King Tee: Now watch me run amuck And gun em up with the shit Rebel rhymin from Tha Liks Alkaholistics all true with no tricks The infrared pointed at they lips And man they don't speak, they keep the conversation petite They shit is weak, I'm concrete like the beat Bust that ass, super nigga jeep class Me last in the game, no problem Sit and drink a fifth with my nigga James Robinson Check your alcoholic pulse while its throbbing The Likwit Squad, the entourage Get exquisite, get addicted, get Xzibit Fellas wanna test King Tipsy but its risky He probably slap a nigga in his mouth like a bitch. G So kick rocks and step back by the mile Them sober niggaz act funny style Chorus: repeat to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Alkaholiks, Tha Album: 21 and Over Song: Likwit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Tash I hang MC's with my noose, watch me get loose The nigga flippin more styles than Snapple got juice Cause I'm too hot to handle, got more soul in my pinky Than a niggy pickin his afro and I left the skin not stinky The freshest, yes it's, the rhymer with the bottle Kickin it with my homie like Lamont do with Rollo Live at the Apollo, they still couldn't do it Cause even in New York the crew be buzzin off the fluid So testing [one], testing [two], testing [three] Too much Olde E will make you pee As you can see I'm the Alkaholik tipsy off the whiskey Get with the clippers never nappy like Misty I didn't grow dreads, cause dreads is for the rastas Tha Alkaholik click straight knockin out imposters Gots to roll deep like ants at a picnic Get with the crew that's flowin like Likwit Verse Two: J-Ro Every night I pray to god please, no more wack MC's I catch a few z's, wake up and bust these I get over like a high jumper, freaks be on my weinie Cause they know I'm packin more shit than Bandini The freshest on the map servin raps with all fixins  E-Swift does the mixin, pockets fat like Rickie Nixon [Ain't no party like a Alkaholik party] So don't be a nitwit, get with the Likwit [ah yeah, ah yeah] Yeah a little louder a little louder a little louder One two one two yeah just like that, yo Yo, [flowin like Likwit] Ahh yeah [ahh yeah ahh yeah ahh yeah] flowin like Likwit Owwwwww, King Tee Verse Three: King Tee Here comes the Lik, or should I say Likwit As I gets funky on a track that my nigga E-Swift did Rollin with the Alkaholik group, call me trooper Run of the mill skills got your neck in the noose but hey, I be the K-I-N-G Tee for short Big ballin nigga playin rhymes like a sport Wicked when I kick it, yeah that's the ticket Tossin up a forty still buzzin off the Likwit Verse Four: J-Ro You ain't got enough skill, to fill up a cup So niggy won't you just shut the [hold up] The girls call me dookie man cause I'm the shit can't you smell son I gots more freaks than Prince Rogers Nelson I can't be stopped I got hip-hop wreckin powers I gotta say what's up to my buddy Ricky Flowers We got that Likwit funk, we get drunk with the .... [hell motherfuckin yeah] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tha Alkaholiks f/ King Tee Album: Firewater Song: Over Here Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I make this shit look easy nigga Y'know? Yeah, uhh, look [Tash] I make this rap shit look easy so fuck a rocket scientist Just tables and a mic and Tash'll rock them old appliances Alliances was formed in California, swarmin The West coast is back so it's finally dawnin on 'em The West coast ain't went nowhere but up the street To get a half ounce of kush, a couple bitches and the heat Freaky-Ric(k)y be the system, cause my style is extra popular Your girl think it's sexy when I'm drinkin beer on top of her Crazy as a baby but the grown CaTash get it J-Ro and King Tee we represent the click Likwit I would fix it if it's broke but we far from broke homey Above the law so the cops can't plant no coke on me Only way to stop CaTash is, jump out the bushes Or snipe me through a window while I put away the dishes But that'll never happen, I'ma dyin at this rappin You won't make it to your car before the straps start to clappin [Chorus: all samples quoted are Beastie Boys] You know how we get down ("Kick it over here") We show no fear, that's how we ("Kick it over here") You might wanna visit and ("Kick it over here") But then you disappear, cause it's amped over here Yeah, that's just how we do it round here You might wanna show up and ("Kick it over here") West coast 'bout to blow up, you scared call the cops All hell breaks loose when we ("Mmmm, DROP!") [King Tee] I drove in with a few rowdy friends, new body Benz King Jaffe ends, my rims don't spin I'm the type of nigga had it poppin in the pen You the type of nigga I was sockin in the chin But look I bought the bar then, 'gnac and gin Gran Marnier, nigga mixed with Henn The King ain't trippin cause I just don't grin My crew ain't snitchin dog, they just don't bend So, don't stress, doja, straight to the chest Now hold it, get loaded I'm the bomb young stunna, that old new old school dude 88, fin' to "Act a Fool" And your boy been ballin, nigga been brawlin Nigga been haulin, nigga been lordin Terrorize set by section, Tha Liks'll make a killin They mention King Tee's in the building? [J-Ro] Alkaholiks hold the title, real American Idols No chance for survival for the Likwit rivals Lookin at my timepiece, it's about to hit noon And I just kicked a dimepiece up outta my room And it's been a couple minutes and I'm gettin lonely I need another Cali-rony who only smokes the stony Green like green tea, I sip the Likwit Alkaholiks in the house, y'all punks evicted Go get folded up like the cuff in my jeans Ever since I was a teen, I made music for the fiends Y'all make music for the mentally lean In the land of the blind, the one-eyes man is king J-Ro flow is tropical, scientifical, topical I read a whole novel while I'm puffin an optimo California carnivore, wild as a wild boar We'll do an album, pick a tour, while you hangin at the liquor store The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Xzibit f/ King Tee, Soopafly Album:	40 Dayz & 40 Nightz Song:	Don't Let The Money Make You (bonus track) Typed by:	pthijssen@freemail.nl Intro: [An interview with Xzibit] [I] I want to ask you, what is more important to you guys?  All the money that you guys are talkin' about?	  Or the artform? Or, what is more important? The Lyrics?  Or the leather sized stuff? [X] I think, what we tryin' to do is device a way that the   artform and the money is like on a equal level.   You know what I mean, that, that like he said, is a fine  line where gotta pleas the crowd or pleas the artists   that are listenin' to you. And pleas the real hip-hop  underground people that, that, that is looking for that  you know, that real shit. It's only a certain way that  that you can go up and doin' it Verse 1: [Xzibit] Xzibit keep it on deck Live, vinyl, CD or cassette Whatever you select I keep you bouncin' like a bad cheque See I should have a trigger tattooed on my neck To represent the heat that I repeat Now you can take the highs out of the beat But never take the rucked out of the rhyme Or tribalize, look into the eyes of the emotional Your whole style is promotional A dead giveaway to me is just another business day Xzibit here to stay My life, a tribute to the A.K,  you wanna play A situation only one man can walk away from The same way he came When I spit flame, it spits flames like your middlename So why do I say fuck the fame Because it come and go The industry's a pet without refused to be that gigolo I put the dope in, got fo's and tatoos Niggas make ya money But let the money make you Hook: [King T] x2 We make, make money, money Take's money to survive The meanin' of life with statted chips is stay alive Cause it's all about the C-notes Gonna be fuckin' when you're rollin' this too Don't let the money make you Verse 2: [Soopafly] It's Soopafly,  comin' with that gangsta shit That shit that only gangstas be gettin' gangsta with The pimps, hustlers and the players know the rank I get Never have to get no money from the bank, I get shit I Stomp down your whole compound Takin' all the shots Device from the few I'm rise Let the others drop I elevate  Who drop when a dime never got me straight I'm still goin' for broke I push you to the stroke And one man loc and say high Smokin' to keep an open, mind Focus on military time provokin'  The G in me, nigga (?) when he tried to step the Soopafly AZ you are shit Now gettin' down with the Pound Now who can shake it till it break ground Many motherfuckers are greedy There's only one thing needed like E.D.I, Amin / I mean business When it comes to the cash, I'm movin' quick  (Xzibit: Any other nigga eat a dick) Fuck type shit Make ya step back Soopafly, hit like crack Life is a jet Maintainin' the top figures deliver The raw, rugged likwidation that be runnin' the river Now, whether if a nigga step up  Be prepared to kick your rap up Try to die in line for you cheque, huh nigga Hook: [King T] x2 Verse 3: [Xzibit] So when I die,  bury me upside-down So the whole world can kiss my ass Live fast Sippin' from my bottomless glass of Hennessy, straight So I catch you (?) Xzibit comin' down like a saint So prepare for the judgement day Be careful what the fuck you say Rhyme these parts Amadeus and Mozart, the love for the arts and crash Paragraphs to bust niggas in half That's what I fuck with (?) time to get my duck sit Miss me if you try to make a buck with I mean a quick buck, only got bad luck Black cash every black trash Never relax, never get attached to anything That's not gonna hand so life I come back like Christ Pacific natural ice With Sharif makin' sure R&B, was well done Might live by the gun,  but keep livin' through my livin' son Hook: [King T] x4 Outro:  [King T] We make, make, money, money, make, money, money, money (x4) We take money, take money, take money, money, money (x4) [Soopafly] Don't let this money make you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Xzibit f/ King Tee, Tha Alkaholiks Album: 40 Dayz & 40 Nightz Song: Let it Rain Typed by: pthijssen@freemail.nl Intro: Judge: 	"Alright, your charged with public intoxication,  	 alright listen" Convict:"There's a thousand people out who're drunk" Judge:	"Okay, I understand that" Hook: [J-Ro] We O-W in the whole zone The Likwit Crew is on the microphone Let it rain brother (3x) Xzibit do your thing Verse 1: [Xzibit] You get permanently put on your ass, like Teddy Pendergrass Whenever you trespass on Alkaholik territory (Yeah, Yeah) More savage than any rapper on your roster I regulate, extortin on ya R&B label mate Xzibit rates the state Cross me or cause me, fuck jiggy and flossy I'm tryin to keep the government off me Dodgin hard time and house arrest Whatta you expect, findin' what ya never forget Cause you're sellin wolf tickets that your ass can't pay What I display, skill last found in Cassius Clay In this prime time, hustle for mine Used to nickel and dime Doin felony crime, but now I bust mine Instead of bustin' at enemies when the sun go down Me and my niggas with a fat one Smoke 'em all down to nothing Crushin rappers, bare Witness like Jehovah Swore we haven't been sober Since 21 and over Hook: [Xzibit] We O-W in the whole zone Likwit Crew is on the microphone Let it rain brother (4x) We O-W in the whole zone Likwit Crew is on the microphone Let it rain brother (2x) Let it rain King Tee do your thing Verse 2: [King Tee] When the Likwit hits my soul I get conceptions to make the microphones explode The drunk mode, sippin X-O from the straw King Tee broadcaster raw Optical intoxication, flood your video station Scramblin any playahation But some of these fools got tricks in they boxes So I blocks it, pull they whole set out the socket Tha Alkaholiks rock shit Any which way man I got shit The Alkaholik don, king from Babylon With some fatal shock shit In this district, I'm listed as the mystic majestic, I gets hectic What you expect, shit The Likwit comity Believe me loc, things will get shitty Ain't gon look pretty Commin' from the likwidation squad Smoke weed, drink hard, my god Hook: [Xzibit] We O-W in the whole zone Likwit Crew is on the microphone Let it rain brother (4x) We O-W in the whole zone Likwit Crew is on the microphone Let it rain brother (2x) Let it rain J-Ro do your thing Verse 3: [J-Ro] Fuck that East-West mess I'm gettin' rest last We make the crowd say "yes, yes" Faster than the SS Impala, you got beef than holla My crew sticks together like Richy and Dollar We got the boom-boom claats, shakey like Don Knots They bitin like a room full of pits and rots I got that old school soul Called take it back like repo And I got foes on my shelf like homes T-Paul I'm C-Bo, that's my homeboy Rico Posted up with three French bras at the need bowl I got dressed wit the speed of a cheetah, finished up my two liter Hopped in my 2-seater Sunshine, drivin' down fine Walk a 1 on 3.9 They playin oehh so fine Got 'em on the fifth floor Knocked at the door Xzibit's in the house and he brought three more "What the fuck is goin' on in here, What's happenin', Where we drinkin' at, These my homegirls right here,  What y'all drinkin' right now, fuck that, All we got  is Hennessy" Hook: [Xzibit] We O-W in the whole zone Likwit Crew is on the microphone Let it rain brother (2x) Let it rain Rico do your thing Verse 4: [Rico a.k.a Tash] And up next, we got the Likwitest It's so drunk, it's ridiculous When Tash got the mic,  I swing my shit like Jack Nicklaus I'm spinnin' this with niggas that slept on Likwidation Cause no matter where you go, They know the reputation CaTashtrofy I punk lyrics with spunk I'm like the renegade of funk That get that ?bumstick? krunk So if you watch your ship sunkin Fuck you with the drunken Than come a little closer Let me head you somethin I bomb with a wig blowin up your click Now take your pick, you can kiss my ass or suck my dick Cause this is how we comin' in 1998 The Alkaholiks, X, and King Tee the great "It's the Likwit Crew, King Tee, Mister X to the Z, Ah,ah, Alkaholiks, Likwit motherfucker came to tore the house down" Hook: [Xzibit] We O-W in the whole zone Likwit MC's on the microphone Let it rain brother (4x) We O-W in the whole zone Likwit Crew is on the microphone Let it rain brother (2x) Let it rain Let it rain Outro: [Xzibit] Yeah, yeah, yeah, huh Won't stop, Can't stop It's the L-I-K's What, Mister X to the Z What, Black John McClane Huh, Defari Herut on ya too King Tee, King Tipsy Huh, and the whole fuckin' click Yeah, realize you can't understand this shit right here Everybody get live, yeah Everybody get live, yeah Uhuh, uhuh, yeah Uhuh, uhuh, yeah Uhuh, uhuh, yeah Uhuh, uhuh Keep it, what, keep it movin' Let it reign nigga And we out [rain and thunder on the background] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Xzibit f/ Butch Cassidy, Defari, King Tee Album: Restless Song: Loud & Clear Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Xzibit] Yeah.. Addicted to life, had to pay a heavy-ass price Sacrifice worth waitin on the platinum and ice I'm precise with the merchandise, came back like Christ to change the game, while y'all niggaz remain the same Clear the lane, comin through like Kobe, you can't hold me You can't stop me, ever since I dropped "Paparazzi" I done watched the game unfold into some hideous shit Like every idiot that can spit be droppin a hit I transmit for the convicts, committed, never bullshitted Shadowbox, detox, my own worse critic It's like tryin to squeeze water from rocks I negotiate the neighborhood stops and clean your clock with a glock Sick of niggaz screamin they hot, but really they not Beatin you all to the ground like six L.A. cops Put your fist up in the air if you ever been shot and lived to tell about it, never leavin home without it, c'mon [Chorus: Butch Cassidy] There's no one out there, for us, to fear I'll say it loud and clear.. Who can say they're close, to us Speak now and you'll be brought, to tears [King Tee] They probably saw me on the 91 East, gettin off on Central with the rag back, lookin like life's so simple Tela take a loss, still floss, all bets If Trife can't cover the house, call X Likwit crew brothers, Blues Brothers Move somethin, make killers do somethin, f'real The bitch-made often politic with the skill Now shit's all twisted, unlisted Guns fixed it, best not speak about the Likwit We gifted, twenty-four hours and still lifted (*X*: Bitch keep your vagina) We drunk and ain't interested Bitches come a dime and a dove, we ain't trippin it Standin at the bar, soft-styled in the cut "Ooh, boo wait, I think you had too much!" Bitch what? Act right and pour it in a cup The West and Eastside keep smokin them blunts, niggaz [Interlude: Butch Cassidy] Let's get with it, I was born to trip Stay on the lookout, ain't no time to slip We ain't for games and shit Change your spot, cause we're known to dip No time for chasin hoes I'm on a mission cause my cash is low There's no need to speak on those Doggy rags are the gangsta's clothes [Defari] There's two sides of my family, both sides from the ghetto Pops Finnish choco-late, moms Mississippi yellow Caramel, Cherokee black man, with a pedigree of excellence Together we rise, no time for seperateness My grandfather Snake was a Jake, or a jack of a smack to a bird who don't know how to act Straight hustler, Mississippi moonshine smuggler Good ol' wrangler in his day with that attitude of "Fuck ya" [Xzibit] Built to run forever, X the infinite First line of defense to smash through the immigrants Can't straddle the fence, it's all or nothin Close the curtain, shut down your whole production Don't be scared, be prepared, niggaz do be bustin without thinkin; I mastered the art of hard drinkin Yo, you wanna stop the X, try your best I'm still fuckin with your pockets like the IRS, so yo [Butch Cassidy] Gather all around, to see how we display our vicious skills I done seen and heard, enough Let's prove the West coast is for real .. speak now and you'll be brought to tears .. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Xzibit f/ King Tee Album: At the Speed of Life Song: Positively Negative Typed by: nelly@itis.com King Tee: Now let me introduce whose first The nigga that's been down  with the set since birth Whatever it was worth I checked in on the norm Since a juvenile callin'  Shots in the dorm Moms said you better get right Or shake the spot I chose to break and be a rollin' stone Like pop Stashin' the rocks by the gats With the Gs So I can talk crazy when the narks yell freeze! I don't fight the feelin' Gotta hustle with a passion Comin' cross state to put you down  With some action In actuallity I keeps it real in the streets Remininsin' younger days Over gangsa ass beats And I, Hit the weed Til myeye balls bleed While my life is corrupted By lust and greed Serve you anything from cocaine  Up to speed I came with the drank So here's five on the weed Xzibit: See kids don't belong Up in grown folks buisness The Likwit niggas rollin' through with a thickness Sickness bear witness Like tequlla without a chaser  It burns going down  Niggas guarenteed to drown Legendary sound From the west coast underground The mighty King Tee And Mr. X to the Z, see Never underestimate the power  Of the X man Dismantle your plans Or just catch you with a back hand Xzbit bring it to you live  With the know how Cool in a gang And ain't about to change My lifestyle Catchin' bodies in this uphill battle But Xzibit unravel Have smoke will travel I bust Teflon rhymes Into the crowd, bitch You anin't Steve Rif So stop trying to get Loud You need to pump your brakes to avoid the collision Xzibit still winnin'  Unanimous decisions King Tee: It's going down  Once again everybody lay down Run your money and the jewels To the front without a sound The infamous supreme King Tee Glad to meet ya Derranged in the mothafuckin' brain Through ya speaka and hey I walk around the hood lookin' looped Strapped like a mothafuckin' Desert strom troop Niggas be like "King Tila How you get that Benz?" By sending birds to Oklahoma City To my friends I slang my gangsta funk Through the night Sometimes I fight Like I'm the ghost of Eric Wright Compton is where I dwell It's like hell Slangin' the shit that got the smokers  In a spell And all my homies live lives Like crooks Rich and infamous Hoes wanna look but get shook Cause we don't trust you hoes You'll have a nigga fucked up  With a bullet through his clothes Positively nothings positive Negativity positively how we live Positively nothings positive Negativity positively how we live Xzibit: Ladies and gentlemen Undivided attention Xzibit get you open like Nicole Brown Simpson It's the... Most dangerous things next to grizzles Unsolved mysteries Xzibit hit you penetentary style Quick sharp and straight to the neck I'm heavy on your chest I'm all up in your life Like stress The coast that resides to your left Whre niggas perpitrate And catch a fate worse than death And like Cyanide I'm hard to detect Got more desighns and stragiht lines Than an architect King Tee chapter four Verse seven reads Xzibit shall come and break down humanity Niggas lose ther're sanity  Trying to handle me Dysfunctional member of the Alkaholik family The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ant Banks f/ Spice-1, King Tee Album: Big Thangs Song: West Riden Intro: Yeah, Young jock up in this beezee Claiming and representing that S-P geezee shit Putting it down with my nigga the big bad ass Spice 1 and King T High siding and westside riding Got my nigga from the feezee up in this beezee We doing big thangs in the nine seezee Kicking bitches in the booty and pointing out their duty Yeah any motherfucker that wanna try us knows where to find us Motherfucker King Tee: This shit couldn't get no harder Niggas is about to make me flip and commit manslaughter All my dreams result to nightmares So I walk around the hood strapped like I don't care Truth or dare, I dare you to dis the west coast The truth is them niggas will split your vest loc With hollowpoint slugs, Crips and Bloods, we come deep And roll in those Range Rover Jeeps I was a made man at fifteen years Cuz momma didn't raise no faggotty queer I got paid fronting bad colors in the ninth grade And on the westside is where I play Straight sick, when my big uncle smoked dip And grabbed his four four and took me with him on a lick And sure as the sun will come up and just shine The niggas couldn't believe the Rolex was all mine Spice-1: Yeah divine niggas the lexxy shine and the fetty Motherfuckers ain't ready, see they won't hold their heads steady when we come with the fifty caliber Desert Eagle Feeling you motherfuckers over slugs equal You these diamonds on the pinky, Rolex up on the wrist Next nigga run up on me for my pieces is catching whole clips No sucker to the G-A in me You fail to realize sometimes that I dump on G-P Black Bossalini, King T-E-E and S-P-I Born to die, westside riding staying high 187 proof a ma-a-mack ten shooter Hope the ba-a-black talons go right through you Been mobbing since a youngster, laced like hundred spokes Ain't no rules in the game, niggas die and go for broke  He didn't no I was strapped, he didn't no I was ready  Blow a hole in his chest and take off with a nigga's fetty Chorus: Real killers on the westside don't be fooled We in the sun where the kids wear their vests to school Soft niggas don't survive they be taking a dive (West Side) Refuse to leave them player haters alive Real killers on the westside don't be fooled We out west where the kids wear their vests to school Soft niggas don't survive they be taking a dive (West Side) Refuse to leave them player haters alive King Tee: Ah yes all the way to niggas in projects That heard about the King that be strapped with two techs Rolling in a Lex with them twenty inch chrome rims Trying to find a ho for some trim Laid back, smoking on the doja loc At the light all the hos watch me cough and choke Young player, can I take a ride with you Hell no, can I trust my life with you You look shady just left four ??? with four babies And I can hear your ass screaming save me Trick I'm in a zone guns, clips and chipped up phones And Vibe tapes of old love songs straight gone Dipping and giving a fuck at who's tripping  Catch a nigga at the airport slipping Huh, what a shame send his ass back from where it came in a casket  California love turned drastic I'm come G'd up, niggas getting beat up And I'm smoking all their dirt cess weed up King T's G style got them hiding Cuz this is what we call west riding Spice-1: See some of the haters try to fade you partner, but ain't nobody coming close I keep some scissors up in the cut, so give me ten feet at the most Ain't no generic artificial, Realer than you can imagine Passing out in the back of limos with a lap full of cash and mashing Dreaming of mad tales, with waterfalls in swimming pools I'm living the life of a rap star Eighty thousand dollar cars, jaccuzzi rooms with minibars Hit the casino dropping fetty on tables smoking Cuban cigars You need to quit Sprinkle a motherfucker that will leave you split Tore back ass out bringing you your hat Flat broke, talking about fuck that nigga S-P-I But you can't go one on one Spice 1 because I'm born to die I gets medieval up on they ass like punk bitches in ditches The gangsterism resulting in murderism Bailing up in your hooptie at the gas station  You facing the killer for real-a punk ass nigga Where the scrilla Jacking you for your shit, taking your ends pull off my mask Hitting the corner, hopping up in my Benz with your cash Mobbing I mash out, you ass out Left you shot up in your seven-trey glasshouse Chorus West side Riding while we getting higher That's the way we do it West side Riding while we getting higher That's the way we do it On the Westside The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ King Tee, MC Ren Album: Stoned Raiders Song: Southland Killers Typed by: people_equal_lovely@hotmail.com Intro: [MC Ren] Yeah, y'all know what the fuck this is MC motherfuckin' Ren up in this bitch nigga Yeah, all y'all bitch-ass niggas out here talkin all that shit We 'bout to drop this motherfucker on y'all like this (*gun being loaded*) Punk ass niggas out here, nigga We some Southland Killers in this motherfucker (*gun is cocked*) (*GUNSHOT*) [MC Ren] Niggas all acrosss town, up in the suburbs While niggas makin' faces like The Rock on the curb  Nigga People's Elbow, the loud-mouthed hold  And groupie niggas bangin' for passes to the show (Can I get in?) Big-ass cheques wit' plenty of O's (O's) And hoes wit' big lips doin' what they suposed (yeah) Didn't have shit 'till I started to bust And y'all got shit 'cos of my balls are cussed Ren and Cypress Hill, they ain't liver than us  Nigga Legendary Villian, who started the fuss Nigga double glock, cocked, get your shit rocked Get your crib knocked, nigga have that rib popped Under bosses and trouble, they under my rubble Clone motherfuckers, always the villain, like The Hubble Fuck your bubble, I bust them shits Plaques and shit, grab my dick, spit these hits  Chorus [B-Real] All, my niggas, do you wanna ride wit' us? (Do ya wanna ride wit us?) (Killers!)  Throw your clips up, man we's about to bust (Man we's about to bust) (Killers!) Cy-press, Hill click, yeah we ready for war (Yeah we ready for war) (Killers!) All y'all niggas, better just hit the floor (Killers!) [King Tee] I'm close to the best thing, on the West Wing Blown out your set, flames when the best sing It's a rep thing, haters feel they chest pain They feel it in they heart, I was there to test things Didn't arrest (?), the bullet-proof vest team These niggas shoot first they they askin (?) names It's less strain  It's all real, I bet fame, it's a chess game Wrong move and it's checkmate (That's right)  I might sound funny out here  But really, niggas get money out here  And hey, everyday is sunny out here So listen, don't play dummy out here King try for bust make your whole pack run Stacked enough cash so now I stack guns Fat ones, all cold and black ones  Southland Killin', it's just how that's done  Chorus [Sen Dog and B-Real] You can try to ride with the Hill, lie on the Hill but when your shit (?) is when die on the Hill We get, hot on the heel, rely on the steel When your paper gets pulled and you design is steeled Like you, signed the deal, or signed over your will [Sen Dog] BUSTERS GET SLAYED...! [B-Real] ...when you fuck around with Real Take time to feel, what I'm tellin' you hoes (Tellin' you hoes) You couldn't fuck around with me if I was sellin' you blows Just goes to show the incredible skill tell Bitch nigga, now you trapped under my wig well Gettin trampled, DUMPED on and thumped on Scraped on the six-five with the HAND ON THE PUMP SONG [Sen Dog] Don't even fuck with these Southland grandes We the vatos that run on Los Angeles Call me Mad Dog, if you think you know me If you're not sure then turn around and LEAVE SLOWLY! Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ King Tee, RC Album: The Aftermath  Song: Fame  Typed by: OHHLA.com Fame, I'm the man that takes things over  Fame makes me loose, hard to swallow  Fame puts me there where things are hollow  Fame  Fame  It's not your brain, it's just the flame  The bitch is gonna get your ends  SLAIN!  (You know I need the money, I will get the money  Cos I need the cash, hey c'mon gotta get it)  (You know I need the money, I will get the money  Cos I need the cash, hey c'mon gotta get it)  Chorus: RC  Fame, what you like is in the limo  Fame, take it now there's no tomorrow  Fame, what you need you'll have to borrow  Fame  Fame  Nine is fine, it plays for time  I'ma lemme hit you from be-hind  Fame, Fame  Fame  A bullet for me, I bust it for you  I love it when you grab my gun  Fame  Fame, what's your name? What's your name? What's your name?  Say my name? Say my name? Say my name?  [King Tee]  The world's famous, rugged with the superstar persona  Rough designer, the chubby alcoholic rhymer  Big timer, I'm known in places I haven't even been  Executed styles behind men  Oh God, I preach that old Hudd City gospel  My look's hostile, hittin Remy from the bottle  The fame is like I'm possessed wit game  And everywhere I go, hos screamin my name  But I'm rollin, not that my bald head's swollen  I'm towin, ya fixed up, they'd rather see ya broken  I'm scopin often where the spotlights shine  Me and my crew drinkin tryin ta have a good time  But folks watchin, wearin khakis or Versace  They try to mack me, caught up in the papparazzi  I'ma look what the hogg had become  A top notch nigga with the fame game  Outro: RC  Is it any wonder, I'll reject ya first  Fame Fame Fame Fame  Is it any wonder, your heart's too cold to fool  Fame Fame Fame Fame Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Defari, Xzibit, Knoc-Turn'al, Time Bomb,   King T, MC Ren & Kokane Album: The Chronic 2001 Song: Some L.A. Niggaz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [MC Ren] Yeah nigga, MC Ren up in this motherfucker (West West y'all) Yeah, L.A. niggaz L.A. niggaz rule the world nigga Y'all niggaz gotta recognize, yaknahmsayin? Niggaz don't wanna peep game, yaknahmsayin? But this shit come all the way back around here My nigga Dre, droppin heat box on y'all bitch-ass Yaknahmsayin? You gotta recognize L.A. niggaz, connected all over the motherfuckin world, nigga Recognize this [Time Bomb] Now in my younger days I used to sport a rag Backpack full of cans plus a four-four mag G'd from the feet up Blued up from the sewer's how I grew up Loc'n, smokin and drinkin til we threw up (threw up) At Leimert Park, taggin, hittin fools up Ditchin my class, just to fuck yo' school up You don't wanna blast, nigga tuck yo' tool up But don't sleep, y'all niggaz quick to shoot you Now there's another motherfucker with no future But Time Bomb much smoother when I manuever, dope like Cuba Got em jumpin {*King T starts speakin, indecipherable*} [King T] I'm comin "Straight Outta Compton" with a loose cannon Smoke big green, call it Bruce Banner Watch your manners, at last another blast from the top notch From way back with the pop rocks, I pop lock witcha Picture this, Dr. Dre twistin wit Tha Liks and Hittman bought a fix Don't trip, it's a Time Bomb in this bitch Here it tick tick tick tick {*BOOM*} Wait a minute it's on, I tell it like a true mackadelic Weed and cocaine sold seperate, check it From sundown to sunup -- clown done run up The Aftermath'll be two in your gut, nigga what? Chorus: Knoc-Turn'al, Kokane We roll deep, smoke on weed drink and pack heat Requirements for survival each day -- in L.A.! It don't stop, we still mash in hot pursuit from the cops Analyze why we act this way -- in L.A.! [Hittman] Gimme that mic fool, it's a West coast jack move They call me Hitt - cause I spit like gats do cock me back Bust caps for my max crew, at Fairfax who used to wear Air Max shoes, that's true But I grew up where niggaz jack you, harass you Blast you, for that set you claim (where you from?) Mash on you for your turkish chain, C.K. B.K. Blued up or flame, I ran wit a gang I helped niggaz get, jacked for they Dana Dane's My pants hang below my waistline I look humble wanna rumble? (yeah yeah) I bang though, like Vince Carter from the baseline don't waste my time Fuck a scrap in killa Cali, AK's and 9's One-time's, sunshines, and fine-ass bitches Hawaiian thai, drive-by, six-fo's on switches [Xzibit] I was raised in the hood called WHAT-THE-DIF' Where the brothers in the hood, refused to go Hollywood Slugs for the fuck of it Anybody hatin on us can suck a dick If I catch you touchin mine you catch a flatline, dead on the floor Better than yours, drivin away gettin head from a whore It's AvireX-to-the-Z Fuckin with me might get you banned from TV, cassette and CD it's all mine the whole nine the right time Multiply, we don't die, the streets don't lie What, so neither do I, I'm bad for your health like puttin a pistol up to your face and blastin yourself [Defari] Five in the mornin, burglars at my do' Glock forty-five in my dresser drawer Let em come in BLAOW he see the thunder roll Roll with niggaz, who by fifths by the fo' and bruise by the case SLAP YOU in the face with the bass, Dr. Dre laced Likwit Kings wit Sedans and gold rings Haters fold the style, but can't find no openings Chorus [Outro] In L.A. That's how we ride (4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ King Tee Album: The Aftermath Song: Str-8 Gone Haa Woo Dedicated to the up city Straight West Coast nigga, ain't no pity Put holes in niggas, real pretty Real shitty like a black Frank Nitty I give drugs to the thugs price-free Handed down the game by that nigga Ice-T No doubt players like me recognise the great King Tee, about twenty grand a ki Ah, that's that G shit, no doubt about that Statutory lyrics is how I rape the rap And get your niggas off my back and no, GOD, ya don't pull a strap, cos (*gun shot*) FUCK THAT! I'm very precise when I shoot straight out the roof of my Lexus coupe Ya wanna blame Tha Alkaholik group but, naw, that nigga Tela must've hit the loot Cos he's actin real loonie and I don't give a fuck cause I'm drunk and I'm a G like Spoonie The hoodrats wanna do me So if you've got'cha county cheque give it to me Chorus: Now baby, don't trip, it's King Tee with the gangsta shit Ain't fuckin with nothin but them platinum hits And the two dog groan, a 50 gat to your dome That nigga on the mic str-8 gone *repeat* Huh, so I guess I earned the title 'OG' Been down for ten years, this my fifth Lp I'ma get this one easy A real motherfuckin G, R-rock Tee Now all these fools talkin 'bout they some killers car stealers, big time drug dealers Bitch ass niggas keep it real, don't lie You ain't killin shit and they gon' let shit die You ask "Who the hell am I?" They call me 'Big Bone' and on my worst night I fades em all And I come thru ya hood like a locc ass G Rip any fool that calls hisself an MC It's only one way, let's have gun play I make it play, nigga, fuck what you got to say I got a mad crew of murderers, ex-burglars Puttin soft niggas outta service Chorus: Now baby, don't trip, it's King Tee with the gangsta shit Ain't fuckin with nothin but them platinum hits And the two dog groan, all the fuckin chips blown That nigga on the mic str-8 gone Baby, don't trip, it's King Tee with the gangsta shit Ain't fuckin with nothin but them platinum hits And the two dog groan, sittin on chrome That nigga on the mic str-8 gone My whole crew lives illegal Strapped with the bulletproof vest in the front and back Regal Smokin that sticky green grass Hittin switches, bumpin on cuts from the past We smoke leaf cos we live like G's Super-soft niggas become enemies I hit a lick on the East for ten ki's now everything I drive is on Deez I'ma make you believe, I gotta put it down like a real nigga should My dope spot in every nigga's hood I don't waste time, I need to get what's mine Fourteen shells from behind Leave you in the blind, str-8 paralysed from ya spine A partner of organised crime Ya hear it all the time but now ya gotta hear it from the truth til my nigga Karl Phat's respect due Chorus: Now baby, don't trip, it's King Tee with the gangsta shit Ain't fuckin with nothin but them platinum hits And the two dog groan, 50 gat to the dome That nigga on the mic str-8 gone (repeat 4X) And I'm gone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube, Threat, KAM, WC, Coolio, King Tee, J-Dee Album: Death Certificate Song: Color Blind Typed by: mrmaj@juno.com [Ice Cube] Here's another day at the stoplight I'm lookin in my mirror so I can see who can see me South Central is puttin Ice Cube to the test With four brothas in the SS I can't go around and can't back up So I gotta peep game layin in the cut Is this a jack or a kidnap? Since I'm never ever slippin I fully strapped I grab my gat out the glove Now, do these fools got a problem with me? Or do they got love? So when the light turns green, I don't bone out I wanna see what these black men are all about Cuz if it's my time, I'm just short If not, I'm pluggin they Super Sport First they get behind my ride... Then they switch lanes to the left side I'm scopin out the one smokin indo Comin up fast, rollin down his window He threw up a sign, I put away my nine Fool, cuz I'm color blind [Threat] Killa Cali, the state where they kill Over colors cuz brothas don't know the deal And they'll cap you, not if they have to But if they want to, first they might confront you But every nigga on my block can't stop  And he won't stop and he don't stop Not to the bang bang boogie, but they like to gangbang And rookies ain't the only ones that drop Some say the little locs are gettin a little too loc'ed And when it comes to dust, they kick up the most Say the wrong word  then whistle down the street to your homies like a bird Bust a u-turn, come back and get served nigga For the women, it don't matter how loud they blouse get But men, the wrong color outfit, could get your mouth split It's a shame, but it ain't no thang to me Cuz I slang these thangs like a G It's on, is anybody killin for the summertime I gotta get another nine, even though I'm colorblind [KAM] I'm fresh outta county on bail And no sooner do I get out, seems like I'm right back in jail For some gang related activity Cuz everyday, different fools try to get with me For no more than a color, or territory Can't rehabilitate 'em, that's the sheriff's story So what's left, the judge goes deaf When you try to tell your side And you ain't blue eyed Boy you better duck cuz the book is comin' And just hand your car keys over to your woman Because it aint no sunshine where you headed And the shit'll drive you crazy if you let it But now, I got time to think Because they hit me with everything but the kitchen sink And I ain't even shed a tear Cuz believe it or not, they got more love for me here Now picture that, but on a black and white photograph Cuz brothas, you don't know the half On the streets I was damn near outta my mind But ever since I've been down I'm colorblind [WC] Now here's the game plan, yo, at a quarter to nine I was told to peel a cap on the other side Yo, young and dumb, full of come up, a baby loc I gotta put in work for the hood and that ain't no joke [Coolio] Stable and able but I'm not ready and willin Cuz I'm only 13 and I ain't never did a killin Grabbed the A.K. and jumped in the G ride Started up the bucket and headed for the other side [WC] Yo, spotted the enemies, now I'm on a creep tip Hit the 5 dollar stick and then I put in my clip [Coolio] So, I jumped out the car and no matter what the cost I had my mind set on sendin niggaz to Harrison Ross [WC] Caught one from the back and I looked in eyes  Thinkin should I peel his cap, or should I let him survive Yo, I'm trapped in the plan designed by another side [Coolio] I ain't contributin to genocide (why?) Cuz I'm colorblind [King Tee] Niggaz in the hood ain't changed And I've finally figure out that we're not in the same gang Cuz, I walk the alleys of Compton with nowhere to turn Every which way I get burned baby Lou wears blue, Big Fred wears red Put 'em together and we color 'em dead Dead, dyin, gettin smoked like part of the fun They get smoked just to show how many come to the funeral [J-Dee (Lench Mob)] I understand how all my homeboys feel Cuz I was shot and to this day, I pack my steel Cuz I was born in a certain territory Where you don't talk only the streets tell stories With blue and red bandanas on the street And if you slippin, you'll be six feet deep Cuz me and T-bone, we pay it no mind And for the rest of the mob, we stay color blind. . . The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ King T  Album: The Seventh Deadly Sin Song: Check Your Game Typed by: mart666@xxl.ee Chorus:  It's 99 players check your game Make sure them young boys respect your name  Keep your heaters at close reach cocked and ready  Cause the streets will catch you slipping, rock ya steady  Watch your back with your homies that you feel is real Your homeboys from your crew, yeah them the ones that do you  The suckas that got the player hater venom I wanna take 'em outside and lay some slugs up in em [King T] When they need work They call the cali drug expert Smashing in a six hundred dollar bill burnt Looking flossy living costly Off the edge, out of state  They gots to break bread, for sho  I needs mo' ice drops for the lexo Briggetts sets blow when I'm sipping the mo' Freelancing, trying to build a mansion  And stay faded Have hoes walk around my crib butt naked...  [Ice-T] True, pop the remy kick back and let the players represent  High floss true boss game and take aim These sucka wannabe's Nigga please - you're green I'll bend hoes on the downlow - banks obscene  Wanna chill with these niggas, bet you wish you could  And suck game out my ass like sponges  I run this  You can't fuck with the steelo You niggas wanna be low When I'm on the east I play ceelo  Cash flow  One track mind serial hustler  Quick to break a buster ya snitch bitch?  I'll dust ya  Bentley ballin' bastard  No hustler faster  Game maker  I knock a white bitch and break her [King T] But Ice, Chronic got me bruising my brain  But soothing my pain, I'm true to the game I got my mind made I gotta be that rich motherfucker Set it up so my grandkids don't suffer  The phat hummer  The phat drummer - what's your choice?  Trying to find a sister with a voice  Make her moist  I'm throwing up the W  Bringing trouble to  Those in sight King T and Big Ice  Chorus:  [Ice-T]  But T that's trippin' and that ain't my sport I'd rather lamp in my crib and flip the Robb report And set my v-dozen on the streets Bump my beats Cause when I'm twisting my dubs Can't nobody compete Imagine this:  A hundred G 'lex on your wrist  Imagine this:  About ten karrots on your fist Imagine this:  All dime hoes on your list Ha - that shit would be nice But your name ain't "Ice" - kid...  I'll screw the silencer on - rock you softly How you gonna step to me kid? You grew up off me  TV, Movies, and Records and Tours So many busters wearing Versace I don't wear it no more...  [King T] But this will be a classic  Many facets to get that ass kicked  The alchoholic Don, call me King Tragic  Watch me speak the magic Watch me teach that old habit - full of havoc  And Ice'll tweak the mix when it statics People pay Just to have me stay  And say a verse  I'll freak a couple words unrehearsed  Then I burst  I mean I bust From all angles  Guarunteed platium on your single [Ice-T] Yo T, I really must admit I'm blessed  Master V does some other shit TV's in the head rests  Never wear no vests because I got mad love  I catch respect when other niggas catch slugs  1, 2 I bust shit to load guns to Beats for the hoodlums  Somebody's gotta do'em Fed's screw 'em Faggot's got my whole crib bugged  Mad tapps on the phone cause I deal with the thugs  Drugs? never No, the Ice is too clever  I'm overseas Checkin G's Nigga please  Ballin' since the 70's - yeah baby  Blew up in the 80's  Now you niggas hate me You can't see me motherfucker your focus is off You can't be me motherfucker, you're broke and you're soft  Too many niggas try to pert my lifestyle - romancing  I was kickin game while them kids was breakdancing  Overlord - so why the wack niggas ain't dead? Probably because my aim is over nigga's heads/  East coast - west coast, I play the whole map and bounce/  They got a benz but live in their mom's house...  Chorus  [King T] To all my G's rock on get your ride on - when you hear it The forbidden Gangland lyric Player Haters fear it Get you right up close near it Possessed by the Eazy-E spirit Ice-T set the limit And niggas won't cross this line suicide - and niggas won't cross this nine in your mouth puffin' with my niggas down south what the fuck this really all about? man.. I'm coming out front and back, 98 brougham All you fake G's stay home Leave that shit alone King Tee's back on the throne And that nigga on the mic - straight gone Cra-zy, y'all niggas wanna know the real deal? I'll freestyle and smack you in your grill Bomb lyrics, no special effects or gimmicks The Syndicate will put you in the mix - biatch... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice-T f/ DJ Aladdin, King Tee Album: You Played Yourself (Promo 12") Song: You Played Yourself [Remix] Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro] Bust this ----> DJ Pooh [King Tee] Aww yeah, what's up Aladdin man? [DJ Aladdin] What's up King Tee? [King Tee] Aww, we're chillin' man [DJ Aladdin] Aww, yeah?! [King Tee] My man Ice asked me to come to do this remix, man Do you wanna join me man? [DJ Aladdin] Aww, you know that, you know that [King Tee] Yo man, you know man, you're gonna combine with my man African Islam with some hypes [DJ Aladdin] Aww, yeah [King Tee] You know what I'm sayin? [DJ Aladdin] That's right, that's right [King Tee] You know, You know my man Ice He man, he's a.. [Hook: DJ Evil-E scratching quote below] Panther ----> Paris Panther ----> Paris Panther ----> Paris Panther ----> Paris [Verse 1: Ice-T] This is it, dope from the fly kid The Ice mic is back with the high bid Suckers you've lost, cause players you're not Gangsters you ain't, you're faintin, punk, if you ever heard a gunshot Yo, the pusher, the player, the pimp gangster, the hustler High Roller, Dead Pres' folder Is cold lampin' like a black king on a throne Evil E... turn up the microphone So I can ill and break on the rollin' tape Another album to make? - Great Islam turn the bass kick up a bit Hype the snare, now I got a place to sit And ride the track like a black mack in his 'llac Hit the corner slow where the girls are at And kick game the way it should be done How you gonna drop science? You're dumb Stupid ignorant, don't even talk to me At school you dropped Math, Science and History And then you get on the mic and try to act smart Well let me tell you one thing, you got heart To perpetrate, you're bait, so just wait Til the press shove a mic in your face Or you meet Boogie Down or Chuck D Stetsasonic or the Big Daddy And they ask you about the game you claim you got Drop science now, why not? You start to sweat and fret, it gets hot How'd you get into this spot? You played yourself [Chorus: DJ Evil-E scratching quotes below] Just steppin' Yo, yo, you played yourself ---> Ice-T Just steppin' [Verse 2: Ice-T] I'm no authority but I know the D-E-A-L When it comes to dealin' with the females What you got they want, cash is what they need Slip sucker and they'll break you with speed But you meet a freak, you try to turn her out Spendin' money's what I'm talkin' about But you fool out, your pockets got blew out And after the date, no boots, you got threw out Mad and shook cause your duckets got took Call her up, phone's off the hook But who told you to front and flaunt your grip? You can't buy no relationship You played yourself... [Chorus: DJ Evil-E scratching quotes below] Yo, homeboy, you played yourself... [Verse 3: Ice-T] I'm in the MC game, a lot of MC's front And for the money they're sell out stunts But they claim that they're rich and that they keep cash Yo, let me straighten this out fast Two hundred thousand records sold And these brothers start yellin' about gold? You better double that, then double that again And still don't get sooped, my friend You think you've made it, you're just a lucky man Guess who controls your destiny, fans But you diss them cause you think you're a star That attitude is rude, you won't get far Cause they'll turn on you quick, you'll drop like a brick Unemployment's where you'll sit No friends cause you dissed them too No money, no crew, you're through You played yourself [Chorus: Ice-T w/ minor variations] That's right, you played yourself You played yourself Yo, yo, you played yourself [Verse 4: Ice-T] You got problems, you claim you need a break But every dollar you get you take Straight to the Dopeman, try to get a beam up Your idle time is spent tryin' to scheme up Another way to get money for a jumbo When you go to sleep, you count Five-O's Lyin' and cheatin, everybody you're beatin' Dirty clothes and you're skinny cause you haven't been eatin' You ripped off all your family and your friends Nowhere does your Larceny end And then you get an idea for a big move An armed robbery... - smooth But everything went wrong, somebody got shot You couldn't get away, the cops roll, you're popped And now you're locked, yo, lampin' on Death Row Society's fault? No Nobody put the crack into the pipe Nobody made you smoke off your life You thought that you could do dope and still stay cool? Fool, you played yourself [Chorus: Ice-T w/ minor variations] You played yourself Ain't nobody else's fault You played yourself [King Tee] Yo, yo, yo, yo, what's up Aladdin? You think Ice-T's gonna like this mix? [DJ Aladdin] I think he'll like it, I think he'll like it [Outro: King Tee] Yo, yo, this is some hypes up You know what I'm sayin? Check this out, If you don't call this mix, then you want out mixed You know what I'm sayin? If all y'all rid out, you know what I'm sayin? You played yourself See y'all! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Frost f/ King T, Kurupt Album: That Was Then, This is Now Vol. 1 Song: Outlaws Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kid Frost] We toss the heinas in the back, through the sun rooftop Blowin big out green, check out my gangsta tint Me and King T, with a fifth of Hennessey And the homey Kurupt about to blow shit up So roll shit up, if you got a sack of that good Have you trippin like some sherm when we bounce through yo' hood We make it happen, from the nickel plate to the platinum It's real shit, think of it, just musical rappin [Kurupt] Check it out I'ma tell you what it is when you're fuckin with a gangsta like me Throw some gold feet on the MC Bounce up and down the street with a trunk full of beats Swervin up a one-way, dippin on a Sunday Not givin a fuck nigga Frost and Kurupt Nigga motherfuck a bitch nigga, dip and hit a switch nigga Whatchu wann' do, blaze a ounce with a nigga Blaze up a stick and bounce with a nigga 	You fuckin with some outlaws 	(gangstas/what) packin on pistolas 	Eses load up, with them East side soldiers 	Roll up a fat one and pass it around 	Hide the stash and cash, when my dogs hit town {repeat 2X} [King T] Man let the summer begin The heat excites the east siders Ain't nothin but G's and lowriders Dippin in the tightest, indoed out, benzoed out Fool we got the Henn no doubt My friends show out, we stack up ends and roll out Make sure the chronic smoke blows out Them tricks got no clout, cause they hatin how we serve it Don't test T-Loc it ain't worth it, I serve it [Kurupt] I'm tired of these bitch made niggaz Actin like they comin through with hammers and triggers I'll pull your whole card, nigga you ain't hard Your homey's a bitch on the left with dick on his breath I make fo's hop, what the fuck do you do I done smacked around bitch niggaz just like you A gangsta's a gangsta and that's all I'll be What you wanna do homey, chest blew through homey 	You fuckin with some outlaws 	(gangstas/bitch) packin on pistolas 	Eses load up, with them East side soldiers 	Roll up a fat one and pass it around 	Hide the stash and cash, when my dogs hit town {repeat 2X} [Kurupt] Get high, fuck erything I'm blastin on site Throwin up the hood for life Movin in loco-motion, heated cause it's on These niggaz done came through and invaded the zone [Kid Frost] Now ain't no mercy when we dealin with these putos Ask the homey Kurupt, he said the feelin is mutual We lay em down on site, on GP Hit em up for la raza and for DPG [Kurupt] I got a cannon for the bustaz, fuck the world Gangstas and cascades, perms and curls The M-16's bitches, 16 switches Impalas, drops and pop collars [King T] And ain't nuttin changed, still standin by the bar Drunk as a motherfucker, shinin like a star And if you took a glance let me tell you what you saw A god damn fool, yes yes y'all 	You fuckin with some outlaws 	(gangstas/..) packin on pistolas 	Eses load up, with them East side soldiers 	Roll up a fat one and pass it around 	Hide the stash and cash, when my dogs hit town {repeat 2X} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Marley Marl f/ Tragedy, King Tee, Grand Puba, Def Jef, Chubb Rock Album: Marley Marl In Control Volume 2 Song: Keep Control (Chorus) Keep control... (Tradegy the Intelligent Hoodlum) When I made arrest the president, America ate me Spoke the truth that the gov't hates me They labeled me a prejudice poet I'm speaking the truth as I know it I hold on but it's hard for me to handle Too much lies, corruption and scandal Cops want to kill a brother or two Who do you call when the gang wears blue I ain't going out like an Uncle Tom man My gun is loaded and I'm itching to pull the trigger I'm marking for death as a funky rhyme sayer Corruption flows from the cops to the mayor Mali troops will run through your resident In my hand will be the head of your president All you fess that made a check to throwdown Will rise up for a political showdown Chorus (King Tee) Yo, King Tee stepping in on a dark tip Open your eyes and your mind and get a grip Of the ropes and chains that kept us Since we were black they didn't want to except us But it's ok, I got my own plan 'Cause yo, I ain't down wit your program The natives cook, wash and clean And to the rubbers that throw in the scene M-A-N-D-E-L-A Now you got a chance to hear what he say Since they kept him locked up for so long 'Cause his skin was black and his mind was strong But we need to all stand together though And let the red, black and green show Become aware of yourself before it gets too late Another message from King Tee the great Chorus (Grand Puba) Yo bust it Hung wit the flip, got a ?dooby? wig Now she thinks she's all that shit, her man got zits Hon living lovely, Miss Gouchi Even got a Benz when she drives around wit all her friends Ugn, miss quick fast in a heedy Speedy, speedy, speedy, the bitch is greedy Spend so fast, she got caught wit 4 kids And the man caught a nice thick bitch Now the bitch is on skid Screaming how she hates her kids The move for the bitch is a thing quick and easy Think slick, she better get wit the wick 'Cause foul, foul, foul is your style You tried to run the race but you lost by a mile See it everyday, it's the same old sorry song How long must this go on Chorus (Def Jef) Power now or never, together forever And ever, sever make it endever To enlight your brother when I recommend to extend a hand Expand it then wish strength to fend Black women and men from the white power structure They stucked ya in, stoled your culture and fuked ya And you gave birth to a nation You freelabel laid America's economic foundation Blood, sweat and tears and fear for years But now here was a peer to give you shift in the gears The turn of the tables, knowledge and ables Us to escape the sterotype wit the labels And years of classroom fables, fiction Fallacies all sorts and fabrications ?For sarge? even fuss Star Spangled story, stigma and stunts Chorus (Chubb Rock) I know this 11 year old kid named Jeffery Cowen And knowing his father slowing And his mother is hoeing And now should he be growing He's too young to be sewing he should just chill and be flowing I know he was being malested and sold And his mom for being infected Never check it, so I invested My time and made sure little bro was looked at Pops got evicted, not a smack Pumped his fists and being that I'm a ?fugiless? The bum got done by the one And little Jeffery, no more tears left and drip Mixed wit seaman on his lip, emotional trip It confuses and bent ill thoughts In the soul of the youngster Is daddy a monster That raw creates lip songs and heartache pain Drys and open your eyes for the insane Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Muggs f/ King Tee, Xzibit Album: Muggs Presents * The Soul Assassins II Song: You Better Believe It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Xzibit] Yeah, yeah! Yeah, we keep it bouncin like this Yeah, huh, we keep it movin like Listen, listen, look.. The most wanted man in America, I +Soul Assassinate+ your character Quickly embarass ya as easy as fuck! Pressin my buttons nigga is just like pressin your luck China-white, a hundred percent, pure uncut Detonate, Little Kuwait, I'm blowin shit up Go ahead, make your mistake, and throw that punch I'ma pull this forty-four Mag and make you strip then walk down the street naked, some gangsta shit Make it complete, I yell dance, shoot at your feet (Dance nigga!) Niggaz be weak, I found out you talk in your sleep Since you a bitch, you came back, went in for more cash Baseball both of your legs, I'll trip on your ass [Chorus: Xzibit] You never stop me cause you movin too slow And we not the motherfuckers that you thinkin you know It ain't the dollars it's the principle of it so love it or leave it Forever hardcore, so you better believe it In all black, full metal jackets that make you move back Move units the same way I used to move crack You never stop me cause you movin too slow And we not the motherfuckers that you thinkin you know [Xzibit] Yeah, yeah, most of the time I'm totin a nine in my waistline or behind this close to my spine I write these, negative fines, and heat for lines Last seen in a black trenchcoat, at Columbine Peep the design, make your remains hard to find I ain't afraid to exchange fire, just cross this line Most niggaz got guns but still don't know how to aim right I remain tight, sleep in a coffin, avoidin daylight [King Tee] We sit upon a plateau, with guns and cash flow Sadaam and Castro, terror to the last blow I mash dough and half these cats you ass slow It's relative, and all positively negative It's like, cuz flashin his gat, thinkin he cute while I'm paranoid, cookin that loot, urgin to shoot +Assassinate+ the +Soul+ and bring life A fascinatin flow by King Trife, listen I'm in a fucked up position, my baby momma keep bitchin Niggaz is dry snitchin, and switchin Not to mention, my cousin cookin crack in my kitchen So why the fuck you think my braincells keep flippin? Plus most niggaz round these parts got weak hearts Call theyselves thugs when they let the heat spark You mark, cross me and pay that tax Punch you in the mouth and take that gat, motherfucker! [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Breeze, Candyman, Conscious Daughters, Ice-T, KAM, King Tee, Sir Mix-A-Lot, Threat Album: Where Are They Now? (Remix CD) Song: Where Are They Now? (West Coast Remix) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro] This is the Court DJ Exclusive.... [Nas]  Aiyyo, check it out This is Nas, is Hip-Hop dead or is it still alive? Ha ha ha, well, check it out Right about, I'm ridin' with my homies from the West Side West Coast ------> Showin' love West Coast ------> I asked where are they now? West Coast ------> 2007, they right here, here, here Where are they now? -----> KAM [Breeze]   Yo, it's time to rhyme, keep it in mind I'm gifted, with the script, the dough, the lift And if it's, rough enough to keep the crowd  Wonderin' Breeze and L.A. Posse, Where Are They Now? Still layin' in the land of the Palm Trees Warm breeze, sippin' on Don Pees, still chillin' with King TEE Snore on MCin, pass the CVs creen Gettin' money of the words I spit, yo, Still Gee-in'  Still the young somber, now, a nigga got a baby girl Tryin' to raise her right and guide her through this crazy world Still got a slow flow, and fast rap snow Swervin' twenty years, still gettin' asked about cheques Still, spittin' the truth, when I mention the youth On how they be professional, when they step in the booth And never coppin' the Mic, so you can hear me clear Nas wondered, yo, where are they now? I'm right here G [KAM]  Goddamn, that nigga KAM back on the scene With the O.G. west, on the same team Hittin' corners in a Six Trey Choverlet Rag-Top Impala, gettin' Dollars everyday For pushin' heavy Yay, through this Rap Shit Fuckin' with niggaz I done put L.A. on the Map wit So that the Legacy'll last long We're givin' it up, for all the homies that done passed on And can you check Bobcat file He can tell you who we are, what we did and where we at now This bullshit, nigga's tired of that Fools runnin' their mouths, so Where the South side riders at? [Chorus: Breeze, KAM, Nas, King TEE]  Everybody is talkin' about the South and the East Coast But what about the West Coast? West Coast ----> Everybody is talkin' about this South and the East Coast But what about the West Coast? West Coast yeah, Nas's ridin' with you right here The Who? West Coast [King TEE]  Aiy, aiy, watch your resurrect from the jump House shoes, Khaki suit, wild gauge pump Black Raider hat with Bitch Please on the side Central and Green leaf, Nineteen Eighty nine  Just in time, King TEE pushed the line The G's had to have it, Eazy and 'Dre have it I was a damn fool, now dudes wanna act it Where Are They Now? - he's still active We go back like the Jerry Curl Shag We pull this from the Gate, Battle cat was from the Aves I was in that green 64 with the Rag Pull back, and slow motion, Tila show's openin' They're lookin' for that West Coast Torjan Thought to be an X-ed out but I'm just postin' Blessed to be the best, that cracked the West Coast open King Tila back mothafucker, it's a rap [The Candyman]  Ugh, Ugh, The CA- to the N-D-Y-The-M-A-N I still nut in your mouth, not in your hand I love to hear the story, again and again But it originated from this man, The Candyman Damn, it feels good to hear my West Coast pears Makes me wanna shed a tear for the ones who ain't hear I was just a young player in this Westside streets Motivated to be innovator like Ice-T King TEE, Toddy TEE, R.I.P. that Mix-Master-Spade MC Trouble, Lootie, Part DEE And it's a trip to witness trap Rack Brought up on that first album cover with Eazy-E doin' that shit wayback Hell yeah, we need a new West, Dirty South respects I remember doin' shows out there They never tripped of the West Side Spendin' all their chips at the best buyin' Givin' like they just don't care [Deadly Threat]  No more snakes can get away Dumpin' with them funky rhymes Yet, that's MC Deadly Bet, they play them on the Radio all the time I love my folks, I love my G's They can't kill Cali' - they love my weed West Coast done it, East Coast did it Then the South came with it like let's go get it Threat, go and spit it like the ones before The Battle Grammy came and took all the glory I got an Army like Uncle James, K-Dee, AY pumped the jam Bobcat, Battle Cat and DJ Pooh, L.A. - S.C. but we say Zoo It's still never rained or snowed in Cali' We're gettin' blunted in the back of the boilin' Alley, like.. [Chorus: Breeze, KAM] Everybody is talkin' about the South and the East Coast But what about the West Coast? West Coast ----> Everybody is talkin' about the South and the East Coast But what about the West Coast? Where are they Now? [Ice-T] This is it, dope from the fly kid Ice Berg bang for the West, servin' the life bid West Side nigga, for life, Ride-Or-Die I get so Gangster, I stay so fly Saggin' my Khakis, raggin' my flag Nigga break out the gun, bitch, let's play tag Everyday in the street, some body called be Cube I tell him that's my loved one, but this Ice-T, dude I come from that Crenshaw stripped, you heard? Sway cripped up chrome when the 64 lift up It's hard to rock a party, L.A. don't like nobody Nigga's rather pump the trucks and dump shotie  [Sir Mix-A-Lot] I'ma show my nigga Nas, what I got in my garage Yeah, I'ma publishin' this large What a Fountains in my yard The Posse left Broadway to get them on the glass I got class, but still I like the fat ass Mix-A-Lot sheenin' with this S-Class gleamin' Aggressive Pimp leanin, marked the game like the Demon From Tvs to Movies, Hollywood use my shit Seven figure years keep comin, who's your pimp? F4-30 with this black battle shifters That's made of out bliffter, I'm still takin' pictures And I'm lovin' all you sisters, Mix'll never disrespect you West Side vet, you need your paper, I'll connect you [Chorus: The Conscious Daughters, King TEE] Everybody is talkin' about the South and the East Coast But what about the West Coast? West Coast ----> Everybody is talkin' about the South and the East Coast But what about the West Coast? The who? [The Conscious Daughters]  The West Coast It's the rhyme spittin' team You never hittin, the legendary, all time great phenomenon female, monarch, hittin' charts Flowin' automatic nines, spittin' shoe like darts Blowin' bitches apart It's The Conscious Daughters, still stompin' over soil Holler at your folks, the females that's royal  Bay Area, OG's, still gettin' cheese  Like besidin' all the block with 'Pac and Eazy-E (*echoes*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nefertiti f/ Nikke Kixx, King Tee Album: L.I.F.E. - (Living in Fear of Extinction) Song: Trouble in Paradise Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Nikke Kixx Uhh, yo Trouble, this is for you G Some crazy shit, but I gotta do what I gotta do Verse One: Nikke Kixx Her booty bang bang, gotta keep the flow so you know my girl Trouble Always on the elevated motivated kind of level Cause, down down to the ground as I feel when I heard the news Guess I got the blues, bust the next move I check, then I wreck, then I got upset Couldn't fade the fact, she would never be back Damn... I fell to my knees and I asked the Lord please; then I boo-hooed waitin for the big suit, so what's the next move, huh? While I reminesce, while I reminesce, yeah From show to show to show to show, ya know My girl Trouble yup, always kept such a fat flow Gotta get a grip, gotta get a grip, uhh And I will always make you mine, in time this is for you G, the T-to-the-R-to-the-O to-the-U-to-the-B-to-the-L-E, rest in peace And I'm kickin it for you in ninety-three Here I go, here I go Verse Two: King Tee Not to get the eyballs drippin But when They Reminesce Over You, I be trippin It seems like two days back We was chillin in the studio, peepin out a track Talkin on the blahzay blah tip Yo, here comes Trouble with the hit Not too many could last They flunked when Trouble talked class They say God works mysterious ...but I'm curious It's like a tasket a tisket, girl you ain't missed shit Tryin to get a meal ticket and stay fit I know you're upstairs chillin And when you was here you made a killin Rest easy in peace, don't be agitated From King Tee, it's dedicated Chorus: Big Mac We're gonna miss you Trouble, we're gonna miss you (repeat 8X) Verse Three: Nefertiti Trouble, Trouble, Trouble Back in the days, and ahh we used to rage and ahh so put the pages, I fight back the tears and cry Not singin no sad song,just lettin out my feelings cause umm, Trouble's gone whether who's right or wrong I'm comin at cha Ya see what I mean, it's left to me to pave the way I walk the walk and steady leavin back my state of mind Tryin to recreate the scene and wonderin why Call Motown, let em know we doin a Trouble song The posse's deep we growin stronger than stronger than strong It's a deep thang, if you can't hang, don't try to swang You're not able to see you could never be down with me We're doin a song to blow our horns, yo it's not to mourn Consider me bein born, but over your death I'm torn So good everlasting, I'll shout it out I'm thinkin of past things you said that helped and watched me out West coast mobbin, niggaz that thought that we was nothin Pooh makes funky tracks it's the chronic so keep on puffin it Teela's got That Triflin Album that them niggaz be lovin Yo-Yo's still real loco, gettin them speedin tickets And kickin them funky lyrics I'm keepin the vibes alive, I gotta keep them vibes alive I hope you watch me strive.. the rest of the time alive I keep the spirit in my hand, I hope the record shall slam Damn, I'm thinkin about Trouble, MC Trouble The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Toddy Tee f/) DJ Pooh, King Tee, Mix Master Spade Album: The Ultimate Collection Vol. 1 Song: The Genius is Back Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (Rock) (steady) (Rock) (steady) [ King Tee ] Now stop, listen, don't go no farther My name is King Tee, I'd like to introduce my partner Focus your eyes cause my homie is hot (I'm Mix Master Spade and I'm ready to rock) (What you're gonna do when you get out of jail?)	--> Tom Tom Club (You can make it illegal 100 different ways)		--> Mix Master Spade (What you're gonna do when you get out of jail?) (Jackin all cars with bumper kits)				--> Mix Master Spade (What you're gonna do when you get out of jail?) (We're all goin down drinkin nasty 8 Ball)		--> Mix Master Spade (What did you say your name was?) (I'm Mix Master Spade and I'm ready to rock)		--> Mix Master Spade [ Mix Master Spade ] Now welcome, party people, I'm so glad you're here I want the girlies in the front, my homies in the rear I'm not Dr. Jeckyll nor Mr. Hyde Whoever told you that, they told you a lie You been waitin and waitin as I can see So treat me like the pope and bow to your knees Cause the genius of the mic is back again So get on the phone and go tell a friend I been away for a while as you all know Now I'm back on the mic doggin the show So you listen to my style, whaddaya say? (We never heard a DJ rap quite that way) Well, Pooh is so fresh, he cuts so def He transform the beat from right to left I got gold around my neck that will never fade The name on the chain is Mix Master Spade [ DJ [Name] ] Now stop, listen, my name ain't Rover My name is DJ [Name], I'm about to take over I'm not a doctor or lawyer nor a physician Like a Space Shuttle I'm on a mission Homeboys and girls, don't be afraid Because I'm down by law with Mix Master Spade You never heard my voice because I just begun But soon to be the best MC (under the sun) (under the sun) (under the sun) (under the sun) (Now old grey-hair granny ain't here no more) (Now old grey-hair granny ain't here no more) [ Mix Master Spade ] Well, you thought grey-hair granny had an overdose She's out there teachin those ballers how to roll, you know She's sayin, "Listen here, my man, you wanna make some dough? You got to have cash, I guess you know So she gave him a pack (and then he said) It's cocaine, not lemonhead So you're standin on the corner and you hide your stash You put it on a tree or on the grass And when the cars roll by ( ? ) (Put your hands in the air) and go: "What you need?" [ DJ Pooh ] Now stop, listen, I wanna show ya A scratch I invented, perfected, I know ya Can't front and tell me that you heard it in Philly Silly, you (dumb hillbilly) I make the beats for Spade and King Tee They say the funky fresh rhymes for me My name is DJ Pooh, I'm down to do Whatever it takes to make the people say "oooh" (Cuttin up suckers)	 (Cuttin up suckers) (Cuttin up suckers that's) (cuttin) (with me)	--> Milk Dee [ King Tee ] Hey Pooh, man, what's up with Mix Master Spade, man? What's wrong with him? [ DJ Pooh ] I don't know, man People passin all these rumors around, man The dude around the corner... ( [ King Tee ] Aw man, that was so wack Yo yo Spade, tell em what's up [ Mix Master Spade ] You been frontin on me time after time Saying rhymes that you knew were mine I can't complain because you're bitin me You just let me know that I'm the better MC Feel the bass as it goes on On and on to the break of dawn Cause I'm furious, deadly just like ( ? ) You sucker MC, it's you I slay Step back, you suckers, cause it's my turn Just call me your teacher cause you're here to learn You got to go to school to make it these days You stay in class and get you some A's You come see Spade and you get a degree Your major in rap technology We got King Tee and DJ [Name] Toddy Tee and me, the '88 superstar You learn how to mix with a beat that's hot DJ Pooh, Joe Cooley and Dance-A-Lot And if you pass our class, young boys and girls We'll welcome you into our rapping world Sho' shot, body rock Come on, everybody, get ready to rock Sho' shot, body rock Come on, everybody, get ready to rock [ Spade ] What's up, Pooh Where we from? (City of Compton)		--> Ronnie Hudson (City of Compton (L.A.)			--> Ronnie Hudson (L.A.) (L.A.) (California)		--> Ronnie Hudson (California) (California) (California) (Good old Watts)		--> Ronnie Hudson The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Union f/ King T Album: The Union Presents: Organized Rhymes Song: King T (Cali Expert) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Ha hah No deezee, heh When they need work, they call the cali drug expert Smashin in a six hundred dollar ?bill burnt? lookin flossy, livin costly, and off the edge Out of state, they gots to break bread fo' sho' I needs mo', ice drops for the Lex-o Baguette sets glow when I'm stippin the Mo' Freelancin, tryin to build a mansion and stay faded Have hoes walk around my crib buttnaked The gravy train, chronic got me losin my brain but soothin my pain, I'm true to the game I got my mind made, I gotta be that rich motherfucker Set it up, so my grandkids don't suffer The fat Hummer, the fat drummer what's your choice Tryin to find a sister with a voice, make her moist My thirst runs deeps as Lake Tahoe in the black Tahoe 911 codes all over the Bravo Ain't nuttin but tabledancers and strip models, they bring bottles but trip, niggaz at parties grabbin they best friend Tryin to dodge, from the Aftermath entourage No camouflage, fine linen, fine women Busters get slugs in em I twist my spliffs with the green, I make a sick scene scream through some six by nines and fifteens Tighten my rhymes like bitch jeans Mix my dimes with ginseng, controllin this thing Rock on, get your ride on when you hear it The forbidden gangland lyrics Playa haters fear it, get you right up close near it Posessed by the Eazy-E spirit Dr. Dre set the limit, and niggaz won't cross this line it's suicide, and niggaz won't cross this line In your mouth, puffin with my niggaz down South What the fuck it's really all about me I'm comin out, front and back, ninety-eight Brougham All you fake G's stay home Leave the shit alone, King T's back on the throne and my niggaz on the mic straight gone, CRAZAY Y'all niggaz wanna know the real deal? I freestyle and smack you in your grill Bomb lyrics, no special effects or gimmicks The Aftermath'll put you in the mix, beyotch! Hah, Organized Rhyme in effect Peace to my nigga Nino The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Xzibit f/ Tha Alkaholiks, King Tee Album: Napalm Song: Louis XIII Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Xzibit] Never has it been this bright Gotta tell bitches, get out of my sight Bitch, you're blocking my light [King Tee] Ha ha ha, I'm in Vegas, front seat at the fight I'm an Alcoholic, so you know I'm getting it right [J-Ro] Louis the 13th [E-Swift] Hennessy black when I'm thirsty I like my liquor, dark milk chocolate Hershey [Xzibit] But first we, gotta bang loose For the niggaz that's been waiting on it Patiently debating, even hating on it, bitch [King Tee] I started this gangster shit House shoes and the shotgun, check the pinks [Xzibit] The hangover is over, Tila created Tha Liks [King Tee] So tell the whole world to suck my dick!! [E-Swift] Real shit, the addiction that you can't deny Twelve steps to recovery, or else you die [Xzibit] Yeah, this is for you and I Fly, pelican, fly, fuck trying to get by Or we can put that bullshit to the side and kill them [J-Ro] L-B Cool S Put a flicker out in Sweden out in a H&M dress [Tash] So what makes a motherfucker so damn fresh? [Xzibit] We on the coast, yeah, you know to the left [J-Ro] Louis the 13, back down original, pack-town originator I'm full of Forties like the G-Thang refrigerator [Tash] Getting paper with my neighbors like that Clippers and the Lakers Drinking Jac' next to Jack, courtside at the Staples [Xzibit] Affiliation is vital for survival, we rolling The caravan pull it up with a million trucks [King Tee] And I'm feeling like a million bucks A all-star nigga still in chucks [J-Ro] Louis the 13th [Tash] You can say what you say, just spell Ca-Tash right Still got a lot of Louis leftover from last night [J-Ro] We alcoholic minded, DJ rewind it Bitches in liquor, we only fuck with the finest King Tee your highness [King Tee] I'm timeless, y'all niggaz is spineless Drinking everything on the wine list [Xzibit] So yeah nigga, come and catch this fade Or break bread and we can all get paid [J-Ro] Louis the 13th [E-Swift] I got 14 courts, all sorts of imports Premium spirits, mixed with marked lyrics [Xzibit] Don't fuck with Xzibit, I will crush your frame Say my name, I will hunt you down like Saddam Hussein [King Tee] I'm crown royal, coming out the Compton soil Niggaz in the kingdom stay loyal [J-Ro] It's the old English, linguist, distinguished genius Always got a cup in my hand [King Tee] Louis the 13th [Tash] Let's have a conversation about my present situation I don't need to be a star, I got my own constellation [Xzibit] Professional inebriation, we're having a celebration A live nation and heavy rotation [E-Swift] Patience, Hold more information than a free mason It's a secret society, never try sobriety [J-Ro] SS Bugatti, live with the Illuminati Crawling on your corner, picking up the bodies [Xzibit] We crash the party [King Tee] Low lows and Harley's [Tash] Mixed with Bacardi [E-Swift] Man, fuck everybody [King Tee] Yeah, and I'm feeling like a million bucks To all my real niggaz raise your cups [E-Swift] Louie the 13 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Xzibit f/ DJ Quik, King Tee Album: Full Circle Song: Poppin' Off Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com In the club drinkin' with all my homies And ain't no worries tonight 'cause we poppin' off Don't bite me, but if you wanna fight me It ain't hard to find me, just know I'll be poppin' off Slow motion, GT rollin', your bitch she knowin' She'll tell you we poppin' off Ain't nothin' when X shit jumpin', to get the hoes fuckin' They know we be poppin' off [Xzibit] Uh-uh, I know you gettin' high cause you keep on starin' and your eyes don't lie That shit you wearin' and your friends keep darin' There's enough to go around and they don't mind sharin' Get between your thighs, make ya exercise You ain't gotta waste no time with no 'fuck me' eyes I'm like all day long up in ya Take a break, make a drink, roll the 'wood, let the games continue Uh, (you make me so hot) - you better than the rest of them bitches I'll bang your back out in every position I never listen to the shit niggaz say How you're easy to spread, like to pop pills and fuck all day But baby that's alright with me If you thinkin' long-term, bitch that's what it ain't gon' be So just shake what your mamma gave ya And I'ma give you what your dad gave your mom to make ya In the club drinkin' with all my homies And ain't no worries tonight 'cause we poppin' off Don't bite me, but if you wanna fight me It ain't hard to find me, just know I'll be poppin' off Slow motion, GT rollin', your bitch she knowin' She'll tell you we poppin' off Ain't nothin' when X shit jumpin', to get the hoes fuckin' They know we be poppin' off [DJ Quik] Now riddle me this... Whenever I hit her hard in the middle she piss Do I take that as normal and watch her play with her tits? I'm confused, I feel so used - and I got the dick Now what am I doin' here? She tell me she wants to keep the condom as a souvenir And that's kinda weird to me I guess this ol' fuck session ain't what it appear to be Because the concierge has just brought the bill to me I go 200 miles per hour on a street bike And 9-0 beats per minute on a sweet mic Whenever I get with bitches I lose a little somethin' Sperm by the zones, we keep it hot and goin' Xzibit we got it flowin', don't even approach us, you only get roaches How you gon' smoke with us nigga when you can't even focus Cause we don't break bread with bitches, we take head from bitches Cause niggaz be gettin' dead from bitches for bein' In the club drinkin' with all my homies And ain't no worries tonight 'cause we poppin' off Don't bite me, but if you wanna fight me It ain't hard to find me, just know I'll be poppin' off Slow motion, GT rollin', your bitch she knowin' She'll tell you we poppin' off Ain't nothin' when X shit jumpin', to get the hoes fuckin' They know we be poppin' off [King Tee] This big black baracuda type nigga Last of the old coupe pack type niggaz Last of the honcho and Flint type niggaz Big Tweet, Big Pete, pimp type figgas It's like a jungle and I'm King Tee the tyrant Demandin' all bitches stay silent - fuck snitchin' I'm the violent - pilot for your child hall riot Where niggaz pull swords like pirates Hoes get i-rit, I mean irate Tee-la let a bitch eat, put some dick on her plate You better get yo' ass some muscle and go hustle Get up on the grind, stop fuckin' with mine For the umpteenth time, I'm a baller by nature Schooled by the best, fuck a hater Never lay low, let 'em know, out of mind, out of sight But for damn sure you'll catch me with the homies tonight We just - In the club drinkin' with all my homies And ain't no worries tonight 'cause we poppin' off Don't bite me, but if you wanna fight me It ain't hard to find me, just know I'll be poppin' off Slow motion, GT rollin', your bitch she knowin' She'll tell you we poppin' off Ain't nothin' when X shit jumpin', to get the hoes fuckin' They know we be poppin' off 