The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Hardcore Song: Intro In A-Minor *Sound of a car driving on a busy street* Taxi Driver: Alright, sir, which side of the street would you like to be on. Patron: Yeah, that one. That side right there. Taxi Driver: Yeah, okay. The taxi driver is heard pulling over to let the man out. Taxi Driver: Okay, that will be four-ninety please. Patron: Yeah, yeah, here's five dollars. Keep the change. Taxi Driver: Oh, fuck you! The car door slams shut and the man is heard walking. Box Office Worker: May, I help you? Patron: Yeah, ah, can, can, I have one for Little Kim. Hardcore. Box Office Worker: That will be ten dollars. He hands her money and then walks through a door. Box Office Worker: Fuckin' weirdo. *Lil' Kim's Big Momma Thang is playing in the background* Concession Stand Worker: Yeah, may I help you? Patron: Yeah, ah, can I get a small order of popcorn, and ah, ah, a large order of butter and just like a lot of napkins please. Concession Stand Worker: Butter? Anyway, am, will that be all? Patron: Yeah, ah... Concession Stand Worker: That'll be six-ninety-five. The patron hands another bill over. Concession Stand Worker: Ah, man, why this shit so slimey? Patron: Huh! The patron is then heard walking from the concession stand into the screen room. Lil' Kim and a man are heard moaning and having sex. Porno music is heard in the background. The patron unzips his zipper. Five seconds later and a  splashing noise is heard as the patron begins masturbating. Patron: Yeah. Yeah, baby. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Come on, baby. Yeah. Yeah. Mmm. Yeah. Yeah. Kim. Come on, Kim. Come on. Yeah. Yeah.  The moans from the screen and the splash sound from the masturbating patron continue. Patron: Yeah. Come on. Kim. Kim. Yeah. Yeah.  Work it, bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Lil' Ceas and Jay-Z  Album: Hardcore Song: Big Momma Thang Typed by: lionclaw@bellsouth.net You got it goin' on, wha wha Uh, wha wha You got it goin' on, wha wha Uh, wha wha You got it goin' on, wha wha Uh, wha wha You got it goin' on, wha wha Verse One: Lil' Kim I used to be scared of the dick Now I throw lips to the shit Handle it like a real bitch Heather Hunter, Janet Jack-me Take it in the butt, yah, yazz wha I got land in Switzerland, even got sand in the Marylands Bahamas in the spring, baby, it's a Big Momma thing Can't tell by the diamonds in my rings That's how many times I wanna cum, twenty-one And another one, and another one, and another one 24 carots nigga That's when I'm fuckin wit' the average nigga Work the shaft, brothers be battin' me, and oh Don'tcha like the way I roll And play wit' my bushy Tell me what's on your mind when your tongues in the pussy Is it marriage  Baby carriage  Shit no, on a dime shit is mine Got to keep 'em comin' all the time  Chorus (Lil' Cease, Lil' Kim) Killas be quiet, my nigga bring the riots Tough talk, tough walk, shit is tired You wanna be this Queen B, but ya can't be That's why your mad at me Killas be quiet, my nigga bring the riots Tough talk, tough walk, shit is tired You wanna be this Queen B, but ya can't be That's why your mad at me Verse Two: Jay Z How B.I.G. and 'Un' trust you in the studio with me Don't they know I'm tryin' to sex you continuosly Pull a high power Coup make, you jump ship  Leave who you wit', I'm with the Roc-A-Fella crew Trip you for the cheese, tear your boom up Spread a ill Boomer, make you flip on Little Ceas Pushin backwards, get the doe from your platinum hits Rock Little Kim hats and shit I gets down and dirty for the doe I got love and Big know it He must got the studio bug Probably, as we speak he's on his way up the street With the M.A.F.I.A. thugs and all types of heat But I ain't tryin' to beef, I'm just tryin to eat Horizontally, the way I hold my iron, sweet And, no, my niggas, but I like the sound Lil' Kim and Jigga, it sound like figures Chorus Killas be quiet, my nigga bring the riots Tough talk, tough walk, shit is tired You wanna be this Queen B, but ya can't be That's why your mad at me Killas be quiet, my nigga bring the riots Tough talk, tough walk, shit is tired You wanna be this Queen B, but ya can't be That's why your mad at me Verse Three: Lil' Kim Before I caught some niggas disease, got caught with his ki's Big scooped a young bitch off her knees Threw me at high priced Beam's Face on tv's, platinum CD's Shit, I never faught Saw a nigga whah, pussy greased up Stack the g's up, keeps the knees up What the fuck, stay fillin, half a millin Geneva Diva, yeah, I throws it down Lay around, clown the clock stops for no one Never 68 and owe 1, takes one to know one Better off wit the Playboy magazines uh, fuckin' wit da Don Push the keys, G's threes for pape's Yeah, I ride crate state to state Lieutenant takes mad dimes from New York to Anaheim While you daydreamin' wine, I'll just keep gettin mine And I'm married to this Ya'll strategy misses still plannin weddin's M.A.F.I.A. also deadens all the bullshit Any type of threatens to pull shit, uh Chorus Killas be quiet, my nigga bring the riots Tough talk, tough walk, shit is tired You wanna be this Queen B, but ya can't be That's why your mad at me Killas be quiet, my nigga bring the riots Tough talk, tough walk, shit is tired You wanna be this Queen B, but ya can't be That's why your mad at me Killas be quiet, my nigga bring the riots Tough talk, tough walk, shit is tired You wanna be this Queen B, but ya can't be That's why your mad at me Killas be quiet, my nigga bring the riots Tough talk, tough walk, shit is tired You wanna be this Queen B, but ya can't be That's why your mad at me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Puff Daddy Album: Hardcore Song: No Time Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Puff Daddy Heh, heheheh I got, no time for fake niggaz Just sip some Cristal with these real niggaz From East to West coast spread love niggaz (that's right) And while you niggaz talk shit we count bank figures (say what?) I got, no time for fake niggaz (uh-uh, uh-uh) Just sip some Cristal with these real niggaz (uh-huh, uh-huh) From East to West coast spread love niggaz (that's right) And while you niggaz talk shit we count bank figures (he-heh) 1-  ("How you figure that your team can effect my cream?" - B.I.G.) I got, no time for fake niggaz (uh-uh, uh-uh) Just sip some Cristal with these real niggaz (uh-huh, uh-huh) 2-  ("I rely on Bed-Stuy to shut it down if I die" - B.I.G.) From East to West coast spread love niggaz (ha hahh, that's right) And while you niggaz talk shit we count bank figures (let's go) Verse One: Lil' Kim Yeauhhh, I Momma, Miss Ivana Usually rock the Prada, sometimes Gabbana Stick you for your cream and your riches Zsa Zsa Gabor, Demi Moore, Prince Diane and all them rich bitches Puff Daddy pump the Hummer for the summer I follow -- in the E-Class with the goggles 96 models, Bad Click on the stroll (Tell em how we roll) Cruise control Nuttin make a woman feel betta than Berrettas and Amarettas, butta leathers and mad cheddaz Chillin in a Benz with my ami-gos Tryin to stick a nigga for his pe-sos If you say so's, then I'm the same chick that you wanna get with, lick up in my twat Gotta hit the spot, if not don't test the poom poom nanny nanny, punanny donny, heyyy! Chorus: Puff Daddy Heyyy, no time for fake niggaz (uh-uh, uh-uh) Just sip some Cristal with these real niggaz (uh-huh, uh-huh) From East to West coast spreadin love niggaz (that's right) And while you niggaz talk shit we count bank figures (he heh) 1-  ("How you figure that your team can effect my cream?" - B.I.G.) I got, no time for fake niggaz (uh-uh, uh-uh) Just sip some Cristal with these real niggaz (uh-huh, uh-huh) 2-  ("I rely on Bed-Stuy to shut it down if I die" - B.I.G.) From East to West coast spreadin love niggaz (that's right) And while you niggaz talk shit we count bank figures Verse Two: Puffy (Kim moaning in the background), Lil' Kim How you like it baby? Uhh, from the front Uhh, from the back, give that ass a smack Bet your man won't do it like that Can't work the middle, plus his thing too little Let me grab your ta-ta's, do the cha-cha Work down your ta-ta's do the cha-cha Make you scream Pa-pa You da best, Da Da Now watch mama, go up and down dick to jaw crazy Uhh! Say my name baby (okay) Before you nut, I'ma dribble down your butt cheeks Make you wiggle, then giggle just a little I'm drinkin babies, then I cracks for the Mercedes Act shady, and feel my three-eighty *gun cocks* or the raven, oohwee I see Your girl ain't a "Freak Like Me", or Adina Huh, can't fade the rhinoceros of rap (say what?) Lil' Kim pussy (uhh) how preposterous is that? (ha hah!) Chorus: subst 'Got' for 'Heyyy', minus B.I.G. samples Verse Three: Lil' Kim Uhh, right back at cha, the one Cleopatra (say what?) Diggin in your stash (Niggaz think they gonna get some ass) No money money no licky licky -- fuck the dicky dicky and the quickie, gimme your loot Your Mac-11 then shoot Your game ain't sweet, John Paul peeps shouldn't compete, if you can't wet it, forget it Don't sweat it, I bet it'd make ya cum smooth if you let it Huh, you can't stop a bitch from ballin Ha-ha to la-la to drive-by's they be callin, and you ain't know While you be kickin that old shit (talk to me) we makin hits Platinum and gold shit (we don't stop) I stay draped in diamonds and pearls Beside every man is a Bad Girl (That's right... nine-six Bad Boy c'mon) Chorus to end, broken down by four line groups   1st group: w/o B.I.G   2nd group: w/o B.I.G.   3rd group: B.I.G. sample #1 twice   4th group: B.I.G. sample #2 twice + voiceover     Spread love, c'mon   5th group: B.I.G. sample #1 twice   6th group: B.I.G. sample #2 twice   7th group: w/o B.I.G. + voiceover     As we proceed, to give you what you need!     We continue on!   8th group: w/o B.I.G. + voiceover     Uh-uh, uh-uh, c'mon!     Hahah   (fades into 9th group) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Hardcore Song: Spend a Little Doe Typed by: OHHLA.com Baby I missed you. - I missed you too. I waited a long time for this. - So why you ain't come see me, no commisary or nuttin. I ain't wanna see my bird in no cage. But I'm ready to take care of you now. - Now, after three years? - Three motherfuckin years, nigga you know what {*gun cocks*} [Verse One] Hasta la vista, bye bye, kiss ya kid It's the gangstress, what you think this is nigga Calm yourself, it's just a little robbery You got strickin with the poverties, starvin me Call me sunshine, pussy spread like the rainbow Spectaculous, miraculous I practice this for a livin like the buddhism yom yom rain ge ki Ask Tina, love ain't got shit to do, with me and you Or the 44 under the pillow with the dildo I like to play while I'm workin and that's for certain, keep jerkin, I ain't done with you Lights, camera, curtains, in a second The show begins, invite your family and friends They gots ta see this, oh they wouldn't believe this You got stuck and left naked with a hard penis [Chorus: repeat 2X] It don't take nuttin for you to love me baby It don't take nuttin for you to love me If you're feelin like I do then I know you want it too It don't take nuttin for you to spend a little doe [Verse Two] i heard about the carjacks and all the contracts out on me, by your man Big D Stink Gucara I bought his life for 3 G's then some watches, then wet him like galoshes No need to be mad they already gone Him and your hitman had somethin goin on We caught him done at the Shark Bar up in Mark's car You know the place where the willies are Always frontin in they ???, sippin Dom P's and Cristies I reminesce how it used to be On the run from police we bust shotties out of mazerattis Bloody bodies in the tel-ly lobbies When in need I lie for you, cry for you You know this down ass bitch woulda died for you [Verse Three] And I remember, how you said you loved me with a passion, high fashion, who you askin to keep the tum numb, from index to thumb Push the V's with the coke from the DT's Dope take the titties from city to city I ain't seen a G off none of them ki's At ease, when the cops came you gave them my name Said if Ii didn't snitch you'd make a shorty rich Bitch I copped the one to three just to see If all the yayo and boy carryin on the Peter Pan and Maryland was worth the bitch marryin this nigga I so worked so hard for Choose my life to be hardcore lost in the field no more Gats I couldn't feel no more And now I'm the shit Go by the name of Lil' Kim, The Queen Bitch And M.A.F.I.A.'s the click, instead of playin Don Dinero I shoulda been scheming on your cream in the meadow Don't pay to be nice but it's nice to pay And if you die before you wake may your soul God take The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim * f/ Lil' Ceasar and Notorious B.I.G. Album: Hardcore Song: Crush On You * Lil' Kim does not appear on the album version of this song UNDEAS Lil' Ceasar, the bitch pleaser Uhh... uh, check it Verse One: Lil' Cease Yo I be buyin em V's, so all my girls be eyein Cease Comin backstage, dyin to get pleased You got me, I rock thee, Versace and linen While you stop your grinnin wit bunch of foxy women Why you speed ball with cards, that's invalid I get clothes, custom made, from a stylist Cruise in my Lexus Land with no mileage While you walk the street until your feet get calloused Take you on a natural high, like a pilot It be all good, toss your clothes like a salad When it's all over put your vote in my ballot It's my diner, I'm Mel, and you're Alice Spend a night, in Lil' Cease palace It be all good as long as you don't act childish While you standin there with the Crist' in your cup If worse come to worse keep this on the hush, uhh   Hook: Notorious B.I.G. I know you seen me on the video (true) I know you heard me on the radio (true) But you still don't pay me no attention Listenin to what your girlfriends mention He's a slut, he's a hoe, he's a freak Got a different girl every day of the week It's cool, not tryin to put a rush on you I had to let you know that I got a crush on you Verse Two: Lil' Cease While you tryin to catch Sea Breeze, I'm in the PV's All chrome D3's, decked out TV's CD's with crazy bass, keep my lady laced Don't be fooled by the baby face I hope ya not, cause your thighs got me hot Only one plan, that's to rise to the top I told you before, when I first pursued I want a interlude, in the nude Or we tastin like food when we get in the mood Listen girlfriend we don't mean to be rude But anything I touch come straight to the rear I take chickenheads like the Playmate Of The Year Cause when I first met her, she had the Lex and the 'tegra Game real good, sex was even better I got it for the cheddar once I hit it in the sack Cause I'm Cease a.k.a. Long Dick from the back   Hook: Notorious B.I.G. Verse Three: Lil' Cease Yo shorty won't you go get a bag of the lethal I'll be right here just chillin witcha people You know Junior M.A.F.I.A. was just a preview I know I had you open, so why I'ma leave you Especially when I know yo' man is fee-ble  It's Cease Degenaro, you know how we do My game is tight, we do the same every night I'm smooth as the words that come from Frank White You messin with city kings with glissy rings That's gonna show you good time pretty thing Cause you was spotted, in the club lookin exotic by somebody, short, dark and chocolate You got it? Any plans to tape yo we stop it Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah we all about a profit I'm the right dude to get you in the nice mood Flossin rocks the size of ice cubes   Hook: Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 4X to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Notorious B.I.G. Album: Hardcore Song: Drugs [BIG] Never a flaw [Kim] A different kind of high [Kim] Yaknow, feel me on this, huh, uhh Ladies and gents Your dopest host presents extravagence in the ladies' frame, leavin cum stains Niggaz remain in awe, when I brought a Dillinger Throw it to ya jaw, uhh Never a flaw Never before, have you seen such magnificense in the black princess, yesss Flow's phenom, I'm the bomb-diggy Ask Biggie, keep a dedicated squad wit me Call us the Gabbana girls We dangerous, bitches pay a fee just to hang with us Trust, niggaz lust Without a bank account, I doubt we could swing that route Feel me out uhh, I'm used ta hangin wit boosters, in the best name brand with the in-sane clan, man listen My position is lieutenant Like a block of hash, got the burners up in it Percent it, I send it back to ya greasy Freak it arabic style, sha-muck-daha-steesy To please me you got to be well off Bust a shell off, wit a tattoo that starts off Chorus: Notorious B.I.G. Damn Ma, I love you like the lah, the ganja Sensimilla, can I feel ya All I wanna do is touch ya The ultimate rush, you're drugs baby (repeat) Uhh, to my niggaz that trick a little To my bitches that suck dick a little While they niggaz lick the middle, I'm the Don y'all High driven Jean Paul Cartier wear Yeah, enough glorifyin Lyrically electrifyin, bitches by lyin bout the clothes they be buyin Some stores won't even let you whores in Til I begin to embarass that ass and get crass Kim surpass, all crews Bitches still drinkin booze I sip Cristal and Landcruise Recieve all the oohhs and the ahhhs, the jewels and the cars Slick nigga, I'm stickin you Baby Pah, uhh Yes indeed, flows first class and yours is coach like the bag, the Prada mama Jog five miles a day then I hit the sauna My girls rock Chanel and smoke mad marijuana Chorus Inhale this, clench your fist Then ya, feel the mist through the uterus Can ya, picture this Life without me, wake up you're having bad dreams cause ya fiend for a toke My crew tote Tocques and mink coats On the cell with the boat What you thought, we get caught and get bailed out Fuck the jailhouse, Hennessey on the rocks is all we got as we sail out, entrepeneurs Cristal pourers, be glad we ain't takin yours Boring huh, I'm warnin ya Style waits for no bitch, a dream bitch when I fuck with scratch and sniff Now I stacks the shit, practice it So no bitch can tax the shit, miraculous So I can relax a bit, and get my toes licked The drugs nigga, a-hah hah hah! Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Kim Album: Hardcore/High School High soundtrack Song: Queen Bitch Typed by: OHHLA.com If peter piper pecked em, I betcha biggie bust em He probably tried to fuck him, I told him not to trust him Lyrically, I dust em, off like Pledge Hit hard like sledge-hammers, bitch with that platinum grammer I am a diamond cluster hustler Queen bitch, supreme bitch Kill a nigga for my nigga by any means bitch  Murder scene bitch Clean bitch, disease free bitch Check it, I write a rhyme, melt in your mouth like M&M's Roll with the M.A.F.I.A. remember them? Tell em when I used to mess with gentlemen Straight up aposttles, now strictly niggaz that jostle Kill a nigga for the figure, how you figure? Your cheddar would be better, Beretta inside of Beretta nobody do it better Bet I wet cha like hurricanes and typhoons Got buffoons eatin my pussy while I watch cartoons Seat the loon, this rap Pam Grier's here Baby drinkers beware, mostly Dolce wear Frank kill niggaz lives for one point five While you struggle and strive we pick which Benz to drive The M.A.F.I.A. you wanna be em Most of y'all niggaz can't eat without per diem I'm rich, I'ma stay that bitch Uhh, who you lovin who you wanna be huggin Roll with niggaz that be thuggin, buggin In the tunnel in Eso's Sippin espresso, Cappuchino wit Nino On a mission for the lucci creno I used to wear Moscino, but every bitch got it Now I rock colorful minks because my pockets stay knotted C-note after C-note, Frank Bo hold fifteen plus the caterer you think you greater, uh (You niggaz got some audacity  You sold a million now you half of me  Get off my dick, kick it bitch) Check my pitch, or send it persona And I'll still stick your moms for her stocks and bonds I got that bomb ass cock, a good ass shot With hardcore flows to keep a nigga dick rock Sippin Ziffendales, up in Chippendales Shop in Bloomingdales for Prada bags Female Don Dada has no broblems spittin cream with my team Shit's straight like nine fifteen, y'nahmean? Cruise the diamond district with my biscuit Flossin my rolex rich  Shit, I'm rich, I'ma stay that bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Hardcore Song: Dreams Gimme all the rhythm and blues niggas then rock the shots of liquor they make me cum quicker rub between your belly like jelly R.Kelly you think you ballin but your body's callin free fallin all in fuck the bumpin and grindin have you jumpin and whinin while I'm climbin i be doin groups like Troup body rockin H-Town or Horace Brown watch out now Baby face can pay da rent and cook me five meals what the deal on that Prince cat he be lookin kind of fruity but he can still eat the booty Brian McKnights tight Joe is lookin kinda slow and oh what about D'Angelo I want some of that brown sugar and what watch this rap bitch bust all over ya nuts like Chorus: Dreams, dreams, dreams of fucking an R & B dick (dreams of fucking and R&B dick) Dreams, dreams, dreams of fuckin and R&B dick I fuck mike sta flyway fuck dem LaDae cats and one on dem resemble Craig Mack I need a New Edition I need some Men of Vision pussy eatin position to go to shower pissin I made my Intro getting fucked in the Pinto now Im skin deep in da Lexus Jeep peep da Queen sista if I would fuck wit Mista they'd be lickin blackberry molasses out my asses Jason who da fuck time ya wastin I got no patience for little dick tastin I'd rather go Solo so I can get some Heaven and be the fuck out After Seven All for One and One for All I swear to God I'd never fuck with none of yall and if ya Immature than Im out the door I'm on fire gettin head by the Harlem Boys Choir. Repeat Chorus I couldn't find a mall with Kenny Lattimore Montell Jordan ain't scorin Tevin Campbell niggas like to shamble make him an example with this pussy sample her we go you didn't know Joe was my hoe Tony Rich my bitch I got the 112 nuts to bust so just open wide and when Im done give me a high five. Repeat Chorus You can touch me and tease me as if my name was Case We got to drink a pace for me to participate don't playa hate you didn't school with me Im icin Bryson that dude down with Groove Theory Repeat chorus til fades The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Hardcore Song: M.A.F.I.A. Land Typed by: hood4life@yahoo.com [Lil' Kim] Yeah....uhh In the M.A.F.I.A.'s Land ya'll Where loyalty is everything {*thunder sounds*} The M.A.F.I.A. forgives but never forgets Let me tell you In the MAFIA's land where there's one boss and one clan Yes mans they surround us like steaks in pans All 'em wanna be the man right hands wash the left hands Loyalty's priority in this fam Where life's initiated ain't no givin' it back Once you in it like Bennet you'll soon be lieutenant Like me the Don Juan Miss Yvonne the sweat-a the money gett-a  Copin mad cheddar Stevie's all Wondering how I got in this position One day Frank was fishin' for competition expidition Number one, his name is Barry Madanno Push the phat Milano '96 mission cost ya barizano I lay gently in the Bently through binoculars he seemed popular Givincci socks Cartier coolats H-class rocks and charms like Bohemians Sick like lukemians, receding hairlines Watch how genuine his gold mine decline When Frank pops the wine, I cocks the nine Niggas peeped it from behind and slipped their clips in quick One chick named Nick thought she was the shit  Tried to play Big Poppa, don't worry  Minutes before I dropped her the blow! blow! blow! Like a parol-e the bitch violated So how you like it coffins or creameted chorus: There ain't a day in my life that rolls by That I don't get high, sit back and won't cry I used to roll hard with tons of bitches But now it's just me and my niggas, whah (repeat) [Lil' Kim] Street murders, thug parasites We official no fake gators Coppin' fire arms with dug missles We leavin scar tissue That nigga Barry still aggy about that slut Mob nigga what! threw the gang sign up The nigga chuckles, just slip the loot On my belt buckles and cracked his middle nuckles Damn how could a deal for a couple mill Result to such violence  And throw our whole shit off balance Yet still, they pat me down from all angles Trapped inside this devil's triangle  Like Bo I had the Jangles And movin' slow to slide up on these Mexicans One cross eyed and hunchbacked The other must be mixed with black The third nigga had missin' teeth and tatto tear drops Long hair, chest for like a bag of rocks Before this chops  I grabbed the keys to locks, the jewels and the rocks The cream in the box, etc. etc. etc. and it don't stop I got away with everything, the cash and the stash chorus: [Lil' Kim] So now I'm titled mission acomplished My man was astonished He looked as if there was a foul aroma in the air Stinkin! I know what this nigga thinkin' Damn she's too little, too pretty, too quiet The bitch is hired, mob's wife for life Diamond heist with Trife, contracts on your life We increase the price, uuhh So guess who the bitch is, but for now I be the mistress chorus: The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Lil' Cease Album: Hardcore/Sunset Park soundtrack Song: We Don't Need It Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au [Ceas] Yea-uh, fuck that, yo, I want some pussy tonight I think I wanna fuck my bitch Goldie and shit Only because she got some money for me and shit I think about fuckin her And go fuck my other bitch that live in fuckin big houses I don't know what the fuck I'm gonna do, but check it How you spell cash? C's and some hash At last, a nigga kickin game full blast How you want it, diamonds or dime-elles Jansport bookbags and bags from Chanel And seebeeaki, smellin up my Kawasaki Jawns by Versace all them joints by Jockey Clock me workin real hard for a nickel He drive a tricycle and his pants too little  And his shoes too little Won't you get with the clique with the big ass dicks That make sure your kicks fit The real shit, true, balla pack steel shit The nigga with, the movie and the mill shit Mass appeal get me in the clubs for free So all you got to do for me is just Make your way to my king sized bed  And lie on my pillows and my Gucci bed spread Keep your pussy, I got other plans instead Just gimme some head, gimme some head Chorus: Ceas: If you aint suckin no dick we don't need it, we don't need it Kim: If you aint lickin no clits, we don't want it, we don't want it Ceas: If you aint drinkin no nut, we don't need it, we don't need it Kim: If you aint lickin no butts, we don't want it, we don't want it [Lil' Kim] Some bitches do and some bitches don't Ride a dick til he bust-shit I know I won't Niggas cum too fast for me A waste of a good dick if you ask me I like a nigga like to put his back in it If it's a weave fuck around and pull a track in it All I get, few strokes that's it This bomb ass shit's got your cigarettes lit Who me, forced to use plan B, masturbate, play with the pussy This nigga here bust off snorin He straight, I knew this date would be borin I wanna wake him up to do his duty Nigga use that tongue, click the booty, click the booty You wanna steal the pussy like a thief Now kiss the lips without the teeth So I could bust a nut or two come clean like Jeru Goodnight to you too boo Chorus [Cease] Nine out of ten women, want to spit, on the skin of Blake Carrington But I need much more to get raw, dick to jaw, dick to jaw You drinkin' babies, don't wanna hear baby stictly (yes boo) Well if he cum up on your chest slow If not then your not down with me Little Ceasar, Van Clef, or B.I.G. Capone, Nino, or Bugsy Don't ask Kim for a date, she want her pussy ate Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Hardcore Song: Not Tonight I know a dude named Jimmy used to run up in me Night time pissy drunk off the henny rimmy I didn't mind it, when he fucked me from behind It felt fine, 'specially when he used to grind it He was a trick when I sucked his dick Used to pass me bricks, credit cards and shit Suck him to sleep,I took the keys to the jeep Tell him "I'll be back," go fuck with some other cats Flirtin', gettin' numbers, in the summer, hoe hop Raw top in my mans drop Then this homey Jimmy, he's scremain "Gimme," Lay me on my back, bustin' nuts all in me After ten times we fucked, I think I bust twice He was nice, kept my neck filled with ice Put me in Chanels, kept me out nice Cold suckin' his dick, rockin' tha mike It was somethin' about this dude I couldn't stand Somethin' that coulda made his ass a real man Somethin' I wanted, but I never was pushy the motherfucker never ate my pussy Chorus: I don't want dick tonight, eat my pussy right 	Uh, uh, uh, uh Lil' Kim, Lil' Kim, bring it to me now I know a dude named Ron Doo push a Q Had a wild crew on Flatbush and Avenue U Had a weedspot, used to pump African black He used to, seal his bag so his workers wouldn't cap I used to see him, in the tunnel, with fuckers at dawn Whisper in my ear he wanna get his fuck on I dug him, so I fucked him, it wasn't nuttin' He wanted me to suck him, but I didn't, I aint frontin' The sex was wack, a four stroke creep I jumped on his dick, rode his ass to sleep He called next week, askin' why I aint beep him "I thought your ass was still sleepin." He laughed, told me he bought a new Path Could he come over right fast and fuck my pretty ass? I'll pass, nigga the dick was trash If sex was record sales you would be double plat The only way you seein' me is if you eatin' me Downtown taste my love like Horace Brown Tryin' to impress me with your five G stones I give you ten G's nigga if you leave me alone, screamin' Chorus The moral of the story is this You aint lickin' this, you aint stickin' this And I got witnesses, ask any nigga I been with They aint hit shit till they stuck they tongue in this I aint with that frontin' shit I got my own Benz, I got my own ends, immediate friends Me and my girls rock worlds, some big niggas Fuck for car keys, and double digit figures Good dick I cherish, I could be blunt I treat it like it's precious, I aint gonna front For limp dick niggas, that's frontin' like they willy Suck my pussy till they kill me, you feel me? Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Hardcore Song: Player Haters *Sound of people talking in background* Hater #1: Hey yo Hater #2: Whatup, baby? Hater #1: That little stink ass bitch, Kim, them little snake    niggaz, man, I don't like that bitch    I can't stand that bitch Hater #2: Yeah, I see that bitch Hater #1: That's my word yo, that's my word, son    But yo, on the real though, the bitch do be havin    some cheddah and the bitch be rockin some ice    Know what I'm sayin? Hater #2: I'm sayin, I see it Hater #1: I be seein her floatin with little niggaz here now    and then, know what I'm sayin? Hater #2: What, them little bitch ass M.A.F.I.A. niggaz? Hater #1: Yeah, them little faggot ass niggaz Hater #2: Them niggaz pussy, kid Hater #1: I swear to God, if I ever see them niggaz rollin down    Gates Avenue I'm gonna lay one of em on the strength    You know what I'm sayin, you know how we roll baby Hater #2: No doubt Hater #1: But, am, yo what's up, you wanna get this paper or what? Hater #2: No doubt Hater #1: Cause they, I'm sayin, I know they sweet    You know what I'm sayin? You know how they get down    Know what I'm sayin? Hater #2: No doubt Hater #1: I'ma hold them niggaz down, one a them niggaz move a    inch, I'm lacin em straight up and down, I'm puttin one in    they cabbage Hater #2: No doubt let's make it happen, kid Hater #1: Aight The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Larceny, Notorious B.I.G., Trife Album: Hardcore Song: Fuck You Typed by: HWREITZ@prodigy.net, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Trife] Nine shots greet ya, greet ya; hang with Lil' Cease-ah But don't sling pizza, pizza The gat carryin, rap barbarian Ninety-six Blake Carrington I brings the most dangerous diseases Trife please MC's of all types Homosexuals, dykes, intellectuals like my flow, my charm Wifey on the arm and stay fuckin other bitches Style never switches Inhale, exhale, bail Nino Brown out  for shootin up a townhouse in Hempstead, kids fled Rumors was dead, no beef with no cliques Niggaz don't want shit, Trife impresses Lexus GS's, chicks in iceberg dresses Who the best is? MAFIA But faggot niggaz wanna spoil it Stop me from having marble faucets and gold toilets I force it down your throat like sodomy; mama proud of me Cause I stopped killin niggaz for free [Lil' Kim] Uhh, uhh The Anne Klein sportin coke, snortin niggaz lovely I keep my pussy fresh like Dudley; watch the show  as my flow bubble over like Mo's and Cristal's Ain't scared to bust my pist-al, sippin hard on Cristal Dream accounts, large amounts Cause Frank don't play with lai money, get high money Ready to die Grady, no if's, and's, or maybe's I'm not your average lady; put that on my 380 Me and my bitch catch flights to Texas Niggas call us Crystal and Alexis Bump into some hoes that be in Houston boostin Trunk full of Donna Karan in the rental LeBaron Uh, who us? We just swervin, in the dark blue Suburban Drinking Bourbon, with Heinekens for the chaser  Police'll never chase us we too fly for that Processed and fingerprinted we too dime for that I be, flirtin for certain, wearin short skirts and but ain't no dicks insertin see, that's the difference  between me and other bitches, they fuck to get they riches I fuck to bust a nut, Lil' Kim not a slut I gotta reputation to look out for Plus my boss is a outlaw [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhhh... motherfuckers think they tough guys Motherfuckers better hold hands steppin up Faggot ass motherfuckers They really ain't no true players [Larceny] Death comes to those that oppose the clique  Dick-riders get off the dick cause, Larceny got guns for y'all And if I get bagged my lawyers got tons of ones for y'all Catchin cases, niggaz pull they macs out Niggaz getting mad cause I dug they backs out Then I blacks out, start shootin kids Cribs is vicious, makin my escape jumpin bridges Malicious - sometimes the danger taste delicious Rule number three don't take love from no bitches You know what makes me much stronger than you I can take pain much longer than you So what you gon' do when I run up in that ass-crease How you wanna spit a grease? {*echoes*} Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Cee-Lo, Redman Album: The Notorious K.I.M. Song: Lil' Drummer Boy Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Bailiff] Will the court please rise? Judge Funk Doctor Spock residing [Prosecutor] Your honor Lil' Kim is a threat to society She has shown a blatant disregard for the law And has killed six fine law enforcement agents in the line of duty For the vicious acts She should be punished to the fullest extent of the law [Lil' Kim] Pardon me your honor May I address the bench? They try-na assassinate me like they did to Larry Flynt * Coughs Excuse my persona I may be hardcore but I'm not Jeffrey Dalmer Ever since I killed ‘em I ain't been in trouble since It wasn't my fault I acted out of self-defense He killed my best friend (Who's him?) I mean them They was all dressed in blue and they want me dead too They had real grenade bombs inside of their palms And a whole bunch of guns wrapped tight in their arms See them bastards woke me up when they broke my alarm I was getting my ass licked by this cat named Tom (Stop!) I heard three guns cocked that's when Tom dropped They sent the bow and arrow right through his tank top (Oh she's lying!) Lying? Blood was gushing on the floor Fingerprints all on the door Need I say more? Pulled out the remote can and shot blows after blow Ploom! Queen off her toes They fell down like dominoes I think it was the Matrix, I mean it was the Matrix What was I do? Sit back and just take this? Yo I tell you now If I lose this debate Like in Dead Presidents I'm going out like Lorenz Tate See I ain't gon be stupid I'm gon take all y'all to the shift I should be able to say what I want What the fuck I plead the fifth (Now Kim, Kim) Fuck that Cee-lo I got to save the world The first female king and they mad cause I'm a girl [Cee-lo] Uh with all due respect your honor Excuse my client's temperament Who has had social intelligence? With so much innocence we have to implement She was slightly out of place But if you grant us a grain of your grace I'll assure you it's only stress due to the severity of the case Imagine for a minute, yourself in the same shoes The same sense of survival and the same nothing to lose Your children, your lovely wife I mean look at her The only thing she's guilty of is having no choice in the matter [Kim] Lord I cry, I cry From the things that I've seen That I've seen And Lord I cry, I cry From the things I've seen, ooh If you only knew the things I've been through Oh yeah You'd know why You'd know why I cry, I cry, I cry [Redman] Order! Order! Order! Order! Order! Order! Order in the courts, I'm examining her thoughts And the notes on why you started slaughtering the fort The men dressed in blue they were undercover cops Hungry to see another black motherfucker shot They ran up in your spot and no one gave the orders Even Tom was tapped with a mic and a tape recorder (He was in on it too!) Yeah (I should've known) Yeah (Objection your honor) Yo objection overruled I know the news they tried to pay the grand jury To give you life sentence with parole up in thirty Now that's dirty, surveillance and you debate Fuck Will! Now you're the new Enemy of the State Angela Bobbett's cake compared to you And Junior Mafia that clique ain't scared to move So they took precautions Grenades from all force and Professional marksman with four fours of war hymn But you stopped, dropped, rolled and duck Shot back other bitches would've folded up Now that's my kind of bitch I know I'm the judge But I love that bitch And I'm coming with her Creme of crop and me I'mma hold her down Resign with A-K's so we blowing the trial Look it's a setup Yo Kim come on (I'm right behind you baby) Yo Kim come on (I'm right here with you man) [Kim] Lord I cry, I cry From the things that I've seen That I've seen... Artist: Lil' Kim Album: The Notorious K.I.M. Song: Custom Made (Give it to You) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*first 30 seconds: woman moans as beat slows down*} [Lil' Kim] I gets right to the point -- no time to play around When it comes to this cheddar -- lay a nigga down Bust shots at his Rover if he dare come back around Pay me on time or I gots to take mine At first I seem friendly; but that's just in me I warn you -- when I blow, it gets a little windy You make me wanna fight you, I ain't nothin like you Y'all "Paper Thin," my shit recycled They call me Lil' Kim, a.k.a. Cover Girl Sometimes I feel like I'm from another fuckin world Niggaz buy me glass slippers and diamond fingernails and awwwww, shit, I got it all in this bitch Chorus: Lil' Kim (based on B.I.G.'s "Gimme the Loot") 2X  Goodness gracious, the papers!  Where the cash at? Where the stash at?  Nigga pass that! We rollin in tinted Nav's TV's in the dash, see we love the cash [Lil' Kim] To all my bitches in the strip club -- shakin they ass (I ain't mad, do your thing mami!) Get that cash! And all my hustlin niggaz still out on the ave. Fightin over blocks and who got the best rocks and "Goodness gracious," the struggle never stops The things we all do to keep our pockets filled with knots People fuck to my music -- they say it's pornographic My Billboards is nice; one day gon' be a classic I fuck with dudes, with "Members Only" jackets that sleep on brass beds, with money for a mattress "Gettin' Money" bitch, and I roll with dimes Take pictures with our nines on the cover of New York Times Tattoos down our spine with the the picture of a dime Cuttin niggaz short like inmates for phone time Everything I get is -- custom made Niggaz, wanna get laid; I, gotta get paid (The papers..) {*woman starts moaning again before the chorus*} Chorus 2X {*woman keeps moaning while beat fades out*} Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Puff Daddy Album: Notorious K.I.M. Song: You Can't Win Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com * * for verification mail this author or janis@betatesters.com [Puff Daddy] Ladies and gentleman (Come on throw your hands in the air like this one time) One-two, this thing on right here (We ain't gonna stop) Can y'all hear me out there? (And we want every one in this motherfucker to get out their seat) Ladies and gentleman without further adieu (It's our time) I'd like to introduce to you, my bitch [Lil' Kim] Fuck that, bitches don't deserve to rap I'm back, and I'm about to murder cats Trying to take my crown, I ain't letting that go down I cop the four pound and go the whole twelve rounds, yeah You broke hoes need to throw in the towel Life's a wheel of fortune and y'all can't buy a vowel Who me? That's none of your concern Like ashes in the urn, more money to burn Damn my ass is firm, stay away from germs Pussy flawless, get wetted in worms If you only knew like Aaliyah How your man be hawking me and stalking me When he fucking you he see me Every crack valve or record he sell I get a piecey Easy, believe me, my words is credible Ask Nat Cole huh, I'm unforgettable Don't let the QB get a hold of your guy Sex him well, get him high, he might fuck around and die 1 - [Lil' Kim]   I guess you know by now who's number one   Brooklyn, Brooklyn that's where I'm from   (Number one)   So if you got beef better think again   (Number one)   Cause you can't win   (You can't win) Repeat 1 Your so called vendetta was light like birds' feathers Even with an umbrella, you can't stop my hurricane I moved on to bigger and better things Y'all still making minimum wage First on stage, like the ever I graze Leave you amazed And keep the fifth by the rib cage All you jealous ass holes is rebellious ass holes Still trying to recoup from the first album ass holes You's a gangster, prove it Wanna shoot me, do it That's word than Jerry McGuire I'll set that ass on fire That's how you work with barbed wire Carve my name in your face Pour gas-o-line on you and drop you at the gas station Y'all chicks ain't blind, I shine like polyeurotheme Cocoa butter crème That's the gleam of drugs baby like codeine Low self esteem, eh-eh, the flows excellent Your's is satisfactory return them to the factory I mean practically, the shit is whack for me Mama bear, finally out of hibernating Here to tell you chicks to stop tailgating Repeat 1 (2x) [Lil' Kim] It's the B-I-G-M-A-M-A Often tipsy, cabin in Percipsy I've been in this shit since Biz hit the, one-two Nothing left to do Move it in there, cathedral ceilings Don't come to my house, it might hurt your feelings P Diddy introduced me to the business side Fired me a few mill and a couple of oil spills That's how we do it, you chicks is no thrill Doin' it Flinstones style, car with no wheels Still on tricycles, riding bicycles Our diamonds be so white they look like icicles I'm getting sick and tired of hearing all these rough drafts On the countdown, don't make me laugh Got my own company, I'm chief of the staff They say we twins then I'm the better half I'm nasty worse than Howard Stern This court is adjourned And now it's your turn bitch Repeat 1 (2x) [Puff Daddy] Can you feel me? I just wanna know if y'all can feel me I just wanna know if y'all can feel me out there It's not a game, we're back And this time we're not going anywhere Number one, that's my bitch Recognize! Ya feel me? Yeah, yeah, yeah Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Mr. Bristal Album: The Notorious K.I.M. Song: Suck My Dick Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@Hotmail.com Uh, uh, uh Uh, uh, uh To all my motherfuckin' gettin' money hoes Used to clothes And all my ghetto bitches in the projects Coming through like bulldozers No, we ain't sober Bum bitches know better than to start shit Niggas love a hard bitch One that get up in a nigga's ass quicker than an enema Make a cat bleed then sprinkle it with vinegar Kidnap the senator Make him call his wife and say he never coming home Kim got him in a zone beating they dicks Even got some of these straight chicks rubbing their tits *laughs What? I'm loving this shit Queen Bitch! What bitch you know can thug it like this? Imagine if I was dude and hittin' cats from the back With no strings attached Yeah nigga, picture that! I treat y'all niggas like y'all treat us No Doubt! Ay yo, yo Come here so I can bust in ya mouth 1 - [Lil' Kim](Mr. Bristal)  (Ay yo, come on here bitch)  Nigga FUCK YOU  (No, FUCK YOU BITCH)  Who you talking to?  (Why you actin' like a BITCH?)  Cause y'all niggas ain't shit  And if I was dude  I'd tell y'all to suck my dick Repeat 1 [Lil' Kim] No, no, no, no All I wanna do is get my pussy sucked (Nigga!) Count a million bucks in the back of an armor truck While I get you fucked up off the T.O.N.Y. The BX, the chron-chron And the list goes on and on (On and on and on) Like Erykah Badu Once he drink the Remi down Ooh I got this nigga now He asked me did I love him I said what came to mind like niggas be doing Yeah baby, I love you long time Look I ain't tryin' to suck ya I might not even fuck ya Just lay me on this bed and give me some head Got the camcord layin' in the drawer where he can't see Can't wait to show my girls he sucked the piss out my pussy Been doin' this for years, no need to practice Take lessons from the Queen and you'll know how to mack this Niggas know he gave me all his cake I peeled the Benji's off and threw the singles back in his face Repeat 1 (2x) [Lil' Kim] I'mma keep it real For the dough I might kill I'm try-na see my face on a hundred dollar bill Met this dude name Jaleel at this Abdulla fight He said he'd pay me ten grand just to belly dance Cum all on his pants I met him at the studio He showed up with his homeboy named Julio I said 'Whoa! Who's the other guy?' Hope you know you paying extra for this fuckin' third eye Something about him, I knew he was a phony Put the burner in his mouth 'Fool, Give me my money!' He was just a nigga frontin' like he knew mad stars In his homeboy's whips like he got mad cars Niggas ain't shit but they still can trick All they can do for me is suck my clit I'm jumpin' up and up after I cum Thinkin' they gon' get some pussy but they gets none Repeat 1 fade out Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Mario 'Yellowman' Winans Album: The Notorious K.I.M. Song: Single Black Female Typed by: catsfan1@hotmail.com Yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah, and it don't stop Yeah yeah, and it don't stop Yeah, and it don't stop B.I.G., rock-rock on Uh huh, and it don't stop Yeah yeah, and it don't stop Yeah, and it don't stop Queen Bee, rock-rock on [Lil' Kim] Sometimes a gal forget cout, hoo hoo hoo hoo Ain't that the truth, frontin' like they bulletproof Lil' Kim this, Lil' Kim that She rap but stay bangin' Lil' Kim tracks Your career is on the rocks again Yeah, I'm back on top, what? You forgot Queen Bitch, W-W-W-dot-com Read the 27th Psalm, sing along The Lord is the light of my salvation Thou shall fear when He calls So when you MC's come to eat up my flesh and blood Ya'll all will stumble and fall (ha ha!) Still that's not all, bitches have the gaul To be writin' my rhymes, said B.I.G. write my rhymes My nigga gone now, so who writin' my rhymes? No disrespect, ya'll bitches seekin' publishing checks [Mario] (Lil' Kim) If I'll tell ya, I'll tell ya now (Queen Bee, Queen Bee) Would you keep, just keep on feelin' me (Wha? What?) If I tell ya, I'll tell ya how I feel (If I tell ya how I feel) Would you keep bringing out the best in me? Stop stressin' me [Lil' Kim] Keep my jewels frozen like they've been in the freezer Haters - if that don't please ya, I don't need ya Even Mom Dukes live in an igloo Bought my whole crew businesses for Christmas Yeah, I see ya'll! Colorful minks and things Polars on ya shoulders, about a half in ya rings Once, got to switch my pitch up Pin-stripped suits with gauders with vests Black pearls around the neck Come on, ya'll chicks can't be serious How's the weather down there my dear, I'm just curious Been the sex symbol since Jack B. Nimble You can never be me, you can only resemble Copped the presidential suites for weeks, ya'll just a day out One ass picture in a magazine, I gets a layout My nigga gone now, so who writin' my rhymes? No disrespect, ya'll bitches on them publishing checks [Mario] (Lil' Kim) If I'll tell ya, I'll tell ya now (Queen Bee, Queen Bee) Would you keep, just keep on feelin' me (Wha? What?) If I tell ya, I'll tell ya how I feel (If I tell ya how I feel) Would you keep bringing out the best in me? Stop stressin' me [Mario] Stop wastin' all of your time Doin' all that rappin', cuttin' or writin' Don't know that she's the Queen Why can't you see? Ya'll should just believe Everyone's trying to tell you [Lil' Kim] If I talk freaky - then that's my business If I dress freaky - then that's my business Got folks praticin' how to spit like this Sexy C-E-O makin' hits like this HUH?! I know you pissed, but take some advice from me In five years, you'll be as nice as me But right now, nah, ya'll ain't ready I'm a single black female and this goes out to Heddy [Mario] (Lil' Kim) If I'll tell ya, I'll tell ya now (Queen Bee, Queen Bee) Would you keep, just keep on feelin' me (Wha? What?) If I tell ya, I'll tell ya how I feel (If I tell ya how I feel) Would you keep bringing out the best in me? Stop stressin' me If I'll tell ya, I'll tell ya now (Queen Bee, Queen Bee) Would you keep, just keep on feelin' me (Wha? What?) If I tell ya, I'll tell ya how I feel (If I tell ya how I feel) Would you keep bringing out the best in me? Stop stressin' me Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Grace Jones, Lil' Cease Album: The Notorious K.I.M. Song: Revolution Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil' Kim] S-W nine millimeter, check Long-nose double barreled rifle, check Semi-automatic infrared laser beam shot, check Alright Puff, I'm ready to go Threw the clips around the shoulders, toasters in the holster (Kim let's go!) Slow down bab' bro You with the rap Rambo, Tony Montana Here's a hammer, a camera and a "Life After Death" bandana Here take it - in case I don't make it cause if my life don't end, I'm damn sure gon' fake it The way I see it, mmm, sexual In the gunfight, two on three, you on me Dawg, I got shit to make the world shake One mistake, BLAOW, start a earthquake Fuck them niggaz, them niggaz dust to me and if I knock Cyrus off that's a plus to me And the funny thing about it, I'm a bitch and got niggaz runnin from me, like the Olympics And I'm told my man Gutter I'ma get him And every shell I spit, is guaranteed to hit him, BLAKA Chorus: Grace Jones Pre-ssure down below.. fire in de hole.. Lose control.. got nowhere to go.. [Lil' Kim] I heard Cease and Puff callin like the Holy Tabernacle I'll be - down in a minute, I'm drinkin a Snapple [Lil' Cease] A Snapple? Bitch I got bombs and shit Grenades and razor blades and alarms and shit You better come on, girl, throw a hat on that weave I'm tryin to catch this nigga Cyrus, 'fore him n his boys leave They at this resteraunt that serve African food where you allowed to smoke weed and the waiters is type rude You see, I used to date this bitch from Botswana Half-African but she looked like Madonna Aiyyo check it, she had a tiger for a pet I'll never forget, the resteraunt is where we met And her girlfriend Lizette, that bitch is a freak I used to fuck her in the ass while my girl was asleep and she the one who told me where these cats is at I can't wait to get the gat and holla back - Kim c'mon! Chorus [Lil' Kim] Uhhh, uhhh! Uhhh We came to a red light, gave right-of-way to pedestrians Two black and white lesbians (Hey hey baby) The nigga Puff ready to holla at these bitches (Hey baby let me holla at you for a second) I'm like, "Yo DAWG, them bitches down with them niggaz" And never would the drugs make the bitch slack up I got HIT MEN, spreaded through the resteraunt for backup And we communicate through headsets and walkie-talkies Them niggaz just bitches like my Yorkie Pigs like to forfeit, we on point like snipers Cyrus and his Doolies, is Clueless like the movies All I can think about, is how he killed my man Smiles Cut his head off, masochist style Yeah, Cyrus did it, Cyrus the Virus they call him When I finish with him PLEASE, his name is Swiss Cheese My main focus, is his righthand man Mouse Sheisty and two-sided, profession - dickrider And his boys, they seem to be all on his dick I mean the whole situation is really makin me sick And when Cyrus got up, and dipped off to the bathroom We started suckin niggaz up like a vacuum Bullets flyin nonstop, and bodies droppin Puff yelled, "AWAY!" That's the cops then My trigger finger started itchin Then Cyrus came spittin from the kitchen and next second, you missed it Listen, it's soundin like the 4th of July Like the solar eclipse is lit right in the sky I can't believe this guy, he won't fall over Holes is in his body the size of cup holders One more shot, he's over, shit Puff, I'm empty (Here, I only got one shot left!) But I'ma hold my breath, til he fall to his death but he was helpless,  this little kid squeezed off in his pelvis Chorus 3X w/ ad libs (to fade) Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Sisqo (Dru Hill) Album: The Notorious K.I.M. Song: How Many Licks Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@Hotmail.com [Sisqo] Hold up So what you're saying is, oh (Niggaz got me pissed like Lil' Kim) You want to get freaky again, aight A-ooh-ah-ooh Oh, oh, oh, oh [Lil' Kim] I've been a lot of places, seen a lot of faces Ah hell I even fuck with different races A white dude - his name was John He had a Queen Bee Rules tattoo on his arm, uh He asked me if I'd be his date for the prom and he'd buy me a horse, a Porsche and a farm Dan my nigga from Down South Used to like me to spank him and cum in his mouth And Tony he was Italian (Uh-huh) And he didn't give a fuck (Uh-huh) That's what I liked about him He ate my pussy from dark till the mornin Called his girl up and told her we was bonin Puerto Rican papi, used to be a Deacon But now he be sucking me off on the weekend And this black dude I called King Kong He had a big ass dick and a hurricane tongue [Sisqo] So, how many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? (Cause I've got to know) How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? (Tell me) How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? (Oh, oh) How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? (Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh) [Lil' Kim] This verse goes out to my niggaz in jail Beatin they dicks to the double-X-L; Magazine (uhh) You like how I look in the aqua green? Get your Vaseline Roll some weed with some tissue and close your eyes Then imagine your tongue in between my thighs 	{*Moans*} Baby.. ohh.. yes ohh! Jailer.. open up.. cell, block, eight 	{*sexual sounds*} Alright nigga, that's enough Stop, look and listen; get back to your position Kim got your dick hard, startin fights in the yard Hotter than a Pop Tart fresh out of the toaster Niggaz do anything for a Lil' Kim poster Eses, Bloods, Crips, all the thugs  Up North in the hole, they all wanna know [Sisqo] How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? (Tell me, ha) How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? (Tell me, oh yeah) How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? (Oh, oh) How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? (Oh, oh, oh, oh) [Lil' Kim] If you drivin in the street, hold on to your seat Niggaz, grab your meat while I ride the beat And if you see a shiny black Lamborghini fly by ya (Shoom!) That's me the Knight Rider Dressed in all black with the gat in the lap Lunatics in the street - gotta keep the heat Sixty on the bezel, a hundred on the rings Sittin pretty baby with a Cash Money bling 12 A.M. I'm on the way to club After three bottles I'll be ready to fuck Some niggaz even put me on their grocery lists Right next to the whip cream and box of chocolates Designer pussy, my shit come in flavors High-class taste niggaz got to spend paper Lick it right the first time or you gotta do it over Like it's rehearsal for a Tootsie commercial [Sisqo] How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? (Tell me, ha) How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? (Tell me, oh yeah) How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? (Oh, oh) How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? (Oh, oh, oh, oh) How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? (Tell me) How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? (Let me know, let me know) How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? (Oh, oh) How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? (Oh, oh yeah) How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? (Yeah) How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? (Oh, oh) How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? (Baby tell me) How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the? (Oh, oh, oh) How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Notorious B.I.G. Album: The Notorious K.I.M. Song: Notorious K.I.M. Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@Hotmail.com [Lil' Kim] (Notorious B.I.G.) What? Here's another one What? (Uh-huh uh) What? Uh! Here's another one (Uh-huh) Uh! Uh! Live from NYC it's Q.B. The heavy weight champ female emcee Girls say they different but uh see In all actuality they wanna be me This chick running around with this stink ass gap And them fake ass raps having panic attacks You ain't a star And your record company know that How you make all this money you just fart and blow it? I'm a business woman now so I'm not concerned I'd bet on Lil' Cease before you and your Firm If this was back in the days I would've been snatched you I'm getting money now Them bitches in the hood they can have you Stop paying these niggas to write y'all shit For the right cream I'd write a hot sixteen Better be careful what you say to me That same shit you shit I'mma make you sniff [Notorious B.I.G.] It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow Uh, uh-huh, uh, uh [Lil' Kim] Uh, uh, uh, uh Everybody wanna Shyne off of BIG Get it, Shyne try-na sound like him when they rhyme You ain't a murderer Nigga please come off that I'm next up to bat motherfuckers get their jaws tapped Bum ass nigga don't even know how to bust a gun ass nigga You dumb ass nigga Rappers acting out the late Frank White's path Once they get in jail they get fucked in the ass Never snitch, never send a nigga to jail I'd rather find him by a boat doing the deadman's float We gangsters Real gangsters b Gun in the greenroom up at BET We gangsters Real gangsters nigga Kill you and cut the head off your babysitter We gangsters We gangsters bitch Even more dangerous now we're filthy rich [Notorious B.I.G.] It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow Uh, uh-huh, uh, uh [Lil' Kim] Uh, uh, uh The moral of the story is this You ain't queen bitch And you ain't BIG dick Now I'm pissed niggas on some "10% Dis"  Well shit I'ma break it down like this Lot of rappers in this game That's cool but uh Only one of us could rule You see its sort of like being in school I'm valedictorian y'all in the audience And I've got nine hundred and ninety-nine votes You got nine hundred and ninety-nine notes You local bitch I'm worldwide Can't you see? Open your eyes I got you by a landslide Y'all mad cause niggas love my style Colgate smile, I'm a bad bitch child Cats be frontin' like they one tough cookie All my real g's do the gangsta boogie [Notorious B.I.G.] (Kim) It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow Uh, uh-huh, uh, uh (Uh, uh, uh) Artist: Lil' Kim Album: The Notorious K.I.M. Song: No Matter What They Say Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Puff Daddy] Uh, yeah Queen Bee, 2000 Come on 1 - No matter what people say  We got it going on  Who cares about what they think  (Won't you come and)  We are the number one  (Come and show me how you do that baby)  No matter what people say  We got it going on  Who cares about what they think  (Shake your body to the rhythm)  We are the number one  (If it drives you crazy) Everywhere I go red carpet Gave the keys to valet tell 'em to park it Then I jumps out the Azure, a Lil' Kim aura Girls making faces like Ace Ventura And my B-A-D G-I-R-L-S is in the stretch LX Ain't shit you can tell us Even got some of these niggas jealous But tonight ain't about the fellas Bvlgari perfume from a mile ya smell us Model agencies say it's easy to sell us We got sex appeal, I'mma keep it real If I didn't have a deal I'd still be worth a mill', uh Depending on how I feel I might go on a heist So at my wedding I can throw ice instead of throwing rice We fly like kites never gettin' into fights I got a whole bunch of dikes on ninja bikes Repeat 1 [Lil' Kim] I'm just trying to be me Doing what I got to do So why y'all keep hating on me and my crew [Lil' Caesar] Yo I'm saying Q.B. Look at them and look at you [Lil' Kim] TRUE! If I was you I'd hate me too Louis Vuitton shoes and a whole lot of booze Every other week a different a dude and other crews I make offers nobody can refuse You might even see me on the channel nine news I get paid just for laying in the shade To take pictures with a glass of lemonade My rocks shine like it was dipped in Cascade (Uh-uh, Kim been fly since she was in the fifth grade) Wake up in the morning to breakfast from a maid Wanted me so bad you went and copped the bootleg Y'all niggas played like a high top fade Some of the shit I hear I don't know how it got played Y'all rock Versace and y'all went out and bought it I rock Versace and y'all know I ain't paid for it My fam deep with security in the jeep When the Queen come in town everything shut down Repeat 1 [Puffy] Breakdown, uh Let's dance come on Let's dance come on I see you let's go Yeah, Queen Bee, do it like this [Lil' Kim] I'm the highest, your highest title, numero uno I'm not a Puerto Rican but I'm speakin so that 'ju know 	{*Rakim* "This is how it should be done.. 	 cause this style, is indentical to none"} The hip, hop, the hippie, the hippie to the hip hip-hop a ya don't stop to rock it to the bang-bang boogie to up jump the boogie to the boogie to the boogedy beat Now what you hear is not a fake It's the real Lil' Kim, Queen Bee (That's right) Now I know y'all heard other females rap But they ain't got nothin on me Cause, y'all take to my rap cause my rap's the best A hundred and fifty thou, sixteen bars nothin less (Nothin less) So to y'all haters, I paid y'all no mind In fact I'ma give it to y'all one more time like.. [Puffy] Uh yeah, what? Come on, bounce, what? Repeat 1 fade out Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Notorious K.I.M. Song: She Don't Love You Typed by: TwstdFlava@aol.com (dials phone - phone rings) [Kim] Hello? [Girl] Hello   Is this Lil' Kim? [Kim] Who's this? [Girl] Don't worry 'bout all that   I found your number in my man's pocket [Kim] Well shit bitch!   Give it to him then!   No wonder the mothafucka hasn't call me yet!   Look at your fuckin' groupie ass   Stealin' numbers and shit [Girl] Wha? Fuckin' bitch!   I'mma see your ass at the mothafuckin' concert [Kim] Does she do it like me? Does she work that body? Throw that ass like pu-pump-pump-pu-pump that hottie Do she handle it like she got a deep throat? I mean suck that cock 'til she start to choke Does she like to have sex high off the X? Try it with me and tell me who's the best Does she like to wear thongs that you can eat? Do she fuck your brains out 'til you fall asleep? 1 - Bet you she don't fuck you  Like you know I fuck you  And I bet you she will never do, oh  All the things I'll do for you Is she drop-dead fine? Does she like it from behind? Is she fly? Do she got a style like mine? Does she slurp it, rub it, jerk it, ride it? Tell you how you feel when you inside it You love me, and I know she know Cuz everytime I come around, she be like "let's go" Girls know not to leave they man around me I get my hands on 'em He puttin' rent and a Benz on me Repeat 1 I'm the queen of Rap, there is none higher Did she tell you that? The bitch is a liar People spend doe to see me spit fire And niggas give they life to be with me for one night I let you come in me, while you stick it in the booty Lick the nut off, then stick it back in the coot, see I bet you she don't even know how to kiss And I bet you ain't never been fucked like this Repeat 1 Repeat 1 And I bet ya, and I bet ya baby And I bet ya she don't fuck you And I bet ya, bet ya, bet ya baby And I bet ya she don't fuck you No, baby Repeat 1 to fade Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Notorious B.I.G., Puff Daddy Album: The Notorious K.I.M. Song: Queen Bitch Pt. II Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@Hotmail.com [Puff Daddy] Yeah, uh Yeah, uh-uh, uh-uh Beotch! Come on, yeah Uh, uh He-he y'all ain't ready Come on now, turn me up a little bit Every thing you heard Yo that's my word You play the herd And repeat every word It get on your nerves To see how we swerve Watches that shine Dimes with his and her furs Straight from the curb To the suburb In the black suburb Plucking birds, getting served Y'all ain't never learned How this world turn Thought it was over, huh Now we returned! To whom it may concern When you're hot you burn Maybe it wasn't meant to be Or it just ain't your turn The rules also stern Nigga get what you earn And we still move in silence Nigga ya heard? [Lil' Kim] Y'all know who y'all are Wanna battle? Better call an end to all that shit You legit? Spit a bar What? See I won the show Got the illest flow Finding loads of bank rolls in my underclothes It's the original And everybody know I rock diamonds that's red, white and indigo I'm undroppable, untoppable You can't hold me down Don't you know I'm unstoppable Niggas wanna run up in my pussy like a Pap smear I'mma tell you know, just like I told you last year Niggas ain't stickin' unless they lick the kitten, huh Too many bitches just be licking the dick and And I'm a picky one I like my dicks rock hard Not the sticky ones that taste like slaw Oh something missing The shower pissing All up in your mouth What? You think I'm kidding? Cause everything we do (That's right) We got a right to (Come on) You criticize me we despise you If what they say is true We the baddest crew I'm far from broke So why should I be mad at you? [Notorious BIG] (Puff Daddy) Uh, uh Pardon my French but uh Sometimes I get kind of Peeved at these weak emcee's With these supreme baller like Lyrics I call 'em like I see 'em g Y'all niggas sound like me (Beotch!) Pardon my French but uh Sometimes I get kind of Peeved at these week emcee's You niggas got some audacity You sold a million now you're half of me Get off my dick, kick it bitch (Beotch!) [Lil' Kim] (Puffy) You must be out your mind Or you must be high Fucking with the Teflon bitch from the Sty No where near shy see I make you cry The way I rock you to sleep like a lullaby (Oh yeah and by the way) (You got one more day) (All you got to pay boo you got something to say) Yeah bring it on bitch You ain't strong bitch Thought you'd be around long Wrong bitch Got nothing but love (But when push comes to shove) We turn to thugs (And we put on them gloves) Commence to licking slugs You ain't giving up More bags zipping up Fake thug, nigga what? [Notorious BIG] (Puff Daddy) Uh, uh Pardon my French but uh Sometimes I get kind of Peeved at these weak emcee's With these supreme baller like Lyrics I call 'em like I see 'em g Y'all niggas sound like me (BEOTCH!) Pardon my French but uh Sometimes I get kind of Peeved at these week emcee's You niggas got some audacity You sold a million now you're half of me Get off my dick, kick it bitch (BEOTCH!) Pardon my French but uh Sometimes I get kind of Peeved at these weak emcee's With these supreme baller like Lyrics I call 'em like I see 'em g Y'all niggas sound like me (BEOTCH!) Pardon my French but uh (All hail the king and queen) Sometimes I get kind of Peeved at these week emcee's (2000 baby, Bad Boy) You niggas got some audacity You sold a million now you're half of me Get off my dick, kick it bitch (BEOTCH!) (Rock on and on and on) Artist: Lil' Kim Album: The Notorious K.I.M. Song: Don't Mess With Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil' Kim] See.. some niggaz don't know how to act.. so I'm about to get on some Left Eye shit and start burnin down niggaz cribs When we met, I can't front, I was all in your shit even though I was a bitch playin hard to get Cause see I never felt this way in my life It didn't take long before you made me your wife Shoppin sprees and puttin money in my pockets Pictures of you inside my heart-shaped lockets And my girls, knew you wasn't no good They told me bout them broads you was fuckin in the hood You said I was a diamond, and you was like a pearl So daddy how could you do this to your baby girl? Memories, is all it brings when I look at my rings and "Heartbreaker" is the song I sing (c'mon, c'mon) Chorus: interpolation of Pat Benatar's "Heartbreaker" Heartbreaker, dream maker Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a (Yeah, uh-huh uh-huh, you don't wanna mess with me) Heartbreaker, dream maker (Do you know, who I am?) Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a (Don't be messin with me) Heartbreaker, dream maker Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a (Hehe, yeah, you don't wanna mess with me) Heartbreaker, dream maker Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a (You don't wanna mess around) [Lil' Kim] Breakfast in Paris, dinner in Milan Sex on the beach, yeah we had it goin on Then one day you hid my birth control pills Said the way I sucked your dick it had you head over heels When you got rich I helped you run your company for eleven years, and now you wanna dump me? And just to think, I was about to have a baby for you and then some bitch you was fuckin said she was havin one too? You wrong! Nigga dead wrong, you know the song "Don't know what you've got til it's gone" After the fight, the other night, and we both went to jail I burnt all your clothes up, I was "Waiting to Exhale" (That's right) Chorus: interpolation of Pat Benatar's "Heartbreaker" Heartbreaker, dream maker Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a (You don't wanna mess with me) Heartbreaker, dream maker (I'm the Queen Bitch) Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a (Don't be messin with me) Heartbreaker, dream maker Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a (Hmm, you don't wanna mess with me) Heartbreaker, dream maker Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a (Yeah, now hold that) [Lil' Kim] Now I'm back to my old ways, like in the old days Flirtin, not givin a fuck, what? Got you lookin in the mirror sayin, "Damn!" Sick thinkin bout the next man fuckin this tight pussy Niggaz want me, even though they got a honey If I'ma be number two, they givin me some hush money Ask Whitney, I learned how to break a heart from you cause when a woman's fed up, it ain't nuttin you can do I'm that Bitch, don't you ever forget Witchu when you rich or when you ain't have shit Now he cryin, he beggin, "Kim let me come back" Like Mark Morrison, "Return of the Mack" baby! Chorus: interpolation of Pat Benatar's "Heartbreaker" Heartbreaker, dream maker Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a (You don't wanna mess with me) Heartbreaker, dream maker Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a (Don't be messin with me) Heartbreaker, dream maker Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a (Y'all niggaz don't wanna mess with me) Heartbreaker, dream maker Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a (Cause I'm not the one) Heartbreaker, dream maker Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a Heartbreaker, dream maker.. you're a Heartbreaker, dream maker Love taker don't you mess around with me, you're a Heartbreaker, dream maker.. you're a Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Junior M.A.F.I.A. Album: The Notorious K.I.M. Song: Do What You Like Typed by: dmxx67@hotmail.com [Intro] QB ya shit shit is crazy yo Can't fuck wit you Fo real They can't fuck wit you They can't fuck wit you What's wrong wit ya'll bitches man What's wrong wit ya'll niggas man C'mon The fuck is wrong wit ya'll niggas Where you at nigga C'mon nigga Where you at Where you at nigga c'mon [Verse 1 Larce "Banger" Vegas ] Yo Check em out Yo yo yo When it's murder on my mind, I do it all the time Got tombstone flow, wit a casket rhyme Your gats is plastic, I got platinum nines With gold shells Banger Vegas tap ya spine I'm the type to spaz out and take back what's mine Rep for my hood niggas slingin crack and dimes Half is mine So you know it's half my time In the pen or the box Wit my man on the ox We gon do it like we did it on the block Let's roll Like wit 60's 30's 40 niggas wit me Rep ya hood Rep ya block Rep ya city This is me talkin, without the Remy in me I kick it from the heart, that's why niggas feel me Show ya'll the true meanin why Banger act willie Cause I start to spaz and smack a bitch silly They call Leo Ganza wit the twin nine millis Yea niggas Chorus: All (Lil' Kim)  Do what you like (We don't give a fuck) Go head and fight (All my bitches grab a nigga) And fuck tonight (It's ya muthafuckin world) Do what you like, do what you like Do what you like  Bust of the nine  And fuck tonight  Do what you like, do what you like [Verse 2 Lil' Cease] Ayo yo ayo This is for them niggas frontin, don't really want it My 32 bullets got all ya names on it Hit em in the brain, niggas slain Layin dormant Iced out grenade, wit the big chains on it New Years blimp Wit B.I.G. name on it Iceburg sweaters wit Kim name on it Cease-A-Le Tee wit big blood stain on it Every time I sign a check, I sign a thug name on it Niggas got rhymes but they flow's so borin No stage shows, so forget about tourin Mad at my team cause my niggas stay scorin All you gotta do is make a false move and it's warnin My guns bust Niggas get wet when it's pourin Rain down long like Kim gettin dressed in the mornin Five star general, spit a uzi at ya coffin Run up in ya crib without a search warrant Chorus [Verse 3 Bristal ] Once again it's on The muthafuckin psychos M.A.F.I.A. Bitches feel us, we the realest My Bed Stuy niggas is who I ride for Send that ass slow like I ride a six four I'm what ya kids admire Don't wanna see retire Got bitches in the pen and in the church choir Got a new attitude for the Y2K Same shit nigga try me I'ma blow em away [Verse 4 Lil Kim] Ayo move out the way Bris I'm about to hook off Sick of muthafuckas tryna play us lick we soft You have any idea how many words I shook off I'm not havin uh no I'm not havin it You heard what I said, don't make me raise my voice And I know ya'll don't want me to call me boys M.A.F.I.A. we break rules in the club My whole crews in the club And girl, don't you hate when bitches be wit the friends Dancin all wild Bumpin you again and again Yea I know That some real punk shit Fuck that I ain't tryna hear that drunk shit Bitches like that get stomped out You know the rules, beat a bitch till she conk out Lady what we fear nigga you like Give em a pussy invite It's aiight maybe get ya pussy sucked tonight Chorus Outro Lil' Cease (Lil' Kim) (Ya'll need to cut it out 'fore ya get stomped out) Yea muthafuckas All my niggas get high and fuck tonight It's our muthafuckin world (Ya'll need to cut it out 'fore ya get stomped out) Yea Big shout from the house Yea Queen Bee M.A.F.I.A. style B.I.G. Forever baby Brooklyn We gonna let ya'll know Do what you want Do what ya like nigga It's 2000 YaknowwhatI'msayin All hell to the Y2Kim baby GB It's yo turn All you hoes make a u-turn Aiight Represent niggas Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Lil' Cease, Puff Daddy Album: Notorious K.I.M. Song: Off the Wall Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Lil' Cease] Now get your back up off the wall Dance come on Now get your back up off the wall Dance come on Now do it! [Puffy] (Kim) Queen Bee, Bad Boy baby (Uh, uh, uh) Let's go! [Lil' Kim] Ah! Ready or not here I come I'm a Bentley y'all something like a Hyundai Wear more skins than Crocodile Dundee Tasty like a sundae (Take that!) (Mmm-da-da) Eat it like a Kit Kat Forge a climax, replay back Lil' Kim records hit the streets DJ's wanna spend that back like Me and Lil' Cease is the real tag-team While most of y'all broads is just drag queens It's gonna take years before you match our cream And only in your dreams can you see what we see [Lil' Cease] Now lend me your ear, listen closely I wear these jewels like a rosary This is how the rap game is supposed to be One king, one queen things supposed to be Now get your back up off the wall Dance come on Now get your back up off the wall Dance come on Now do it! [Lil' Kim] Niggas lean left Bitches lean right Come on, you gotta ride 'em baby Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Mmm-da-da, mmm-do-do Mmm-da-da, mmm-do Mmm-da-da, mmm-do-do Mmm-da-da, mmm-do It's the years 2G, things about to change Trade in that Range, get a motherfuckin' plane Your girl is lame, huh what? Want a bitch like me what, huh? If it's diamonds you want Baby I got 'em Money in a briefcase Who needs a wallet? Be a pigeon nigga you sound retarded I'm the girl with more green than St. Patrick's Day A house by the bay so what do you say? Me and you, nigga like running Roulette The game is strip poker, is you ready to play? Make it last all night and I'm ready to stay Put your money and your jewels up one at time And if you lose this game all this shit is mine What you got? Full house, triple ace and two kings Royal flush beats ten jack, here give me I win give it up! [Lil' Cease] Now get your back up off the wall Dance come on Now get your back up off the wall Dance come on Now do it! [Lil' Kim] (Puffy) Niggas lean left Bitches lean right Come on, you gotta ride 'em baby Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Mmm-da-da, mmm-do-do Mmm-da-da, mmm-do Mmm-da-da, mmm-do-do Mmm-da-da, mmm-do When it comes to status call me Dr. Ruth I ain't a prostitute I just speak the truth Dicks I like 'em fat like a pickle Hard like nickel, juicy like a Popsicle Niggas mention me for a sexual reference Lil Kim's everybody's sexual preference A bitch like me gives it on the first date Why hesitate? I ain't got time to wait! Cause uh y'all know how I get down (How you get down?) Niggas from the East know how I get down (That's right!) Cats from the West know how I get down (West Side!) From the North to South say can you get down! [Lil' Cease] Now lend me your ear, listen closely I wear these jewels like a rosary This is how the rap game is supposed to be One king, one queen things supposed to be Now get your back up off the wall Dance come on Now get your back up off the wall Dance come on Now do it! [Lil' Kim] Niggas lean left Bitches lean right Come on, you gotta ride 'em baby Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Mmm-da-da, mmm-do-do Mmm-da-da, mmm-do Mmm-da-da, mmm-do-do Mmm-da-da, mmm-do [Puff Daddy] Queen Bee, 2000 Get your backs up off the wall Dance come on Dance come on yeah Dance come on Notorious K.I.M. J.M. come on B.I.G. come on forever come on (Just dance) Come on (Just dance) Come on (Just dance) I see you come on yeah Come on Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Notorious K.I.M. Song: Right Now Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com *laughs* ("Queen Bee" shouts in the background) I need you, got to have you Yeah whatever I was sitting at the bar When this real horny guy came over (Hi how are you doing? How are you?) He said won't you let me take you On a ride in my Range Rover I said you can't be serious My Bentley's right outside Plus your breath smells like shit anyway 1 - Oh I need you, oh  Gotta have you, oh  Just wanna touch you, oh  I need your love, yeah  Right now Everybody's on the dance floor And this fool is still behind me I am dipping through the crowd now Hoping that he doesn't find me He said baby where you going? (Lil' Kim I love you) Then he grabbed me by the hand And dipped my body to the ground And said Repeat 1 Do-do-do-do Do-do-do-do Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do Dut-dut-dut-dut Dut-dut-dut-dut Dut-dut-dut-dut-dut-dut-dut-dut See the party don't stop till the casket drop Like a six double O with the plastic drop Damn is that all you got Hmm baby give it one more shot Got a body like what-what Watch me shake my butt, butt-butt Like it when you sing that song, oh I know you wanna see my thong Repeat 1 Right now, right now I need your love baby I need your love baby Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Lil' Shanice Album: The Notorious K.I.M. Song: Aunt Dot Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil' Kim] .. My Aunt Dot left a glock and some blood on my sheets Told me clean the shit up, then she hit the streets Even though I'm her niece, she copped me a piece Wack-ass caliber, nickel-plated with the silencer What? She don't know I like my guns pretty? Like my boy Castor Troy with the twin-glizzies I heard a knock at the door {*knock knock knock knock knock*} To my surprise I saw these two familiar eyes Who are you? [Lil' Shanice] Whattup? I'm Shanice, don't remember me? [Lil' Kim] She called me by my government name, Kimberly Who sent you? [Lil' Shanice] My mom sent me; her name is Dottie She packed a note in my knapsack along with a shottie [Lil' Kim] Hmmph, she was cute; and mad fly She had the Prada knapsack, with the hat to match Bavari hiking boots, with the mink bubblegoose and I could see she was admiring my Minski suit Then she handed me the note [Lil' Shanice] Here - read this [Lil' Kim] I just stared her up and down cause I couldn't believe this - then I opened it It said, "Bitches is out to get you; your so-called friends, put a bomb in your Benz. I'm on a mission now to do some harm to your friends. They know where you live, so evacuate the crib. And oh, the little girl, that's your cousin Shanice. Since I can't be with her, I need you to babysit her. Besides; she looks up to you - you're her idol - and tomorrow is her first violin recital,  and she would be more than happy if you could take her. Peace, my number's on the back of the paper, hit me later." Damn.. what went wrong?  Can't we all just get along, and make hit songs?  Bitches all up in my ass like a thong If this was a show, y'all hoes would get "gonged" Cause if it's on, then it's on, bring it on What the fuck you waitin for? C'mon, let's get it on What? What's takin you so long? I got plans for the future to bring back your head like Medusa Chorus: Lil' Kim (repeat 2X) Girls be actin stink, and mad funny Y'all bitches bleed like me, on the monthly Can't stand the pain then pop a "Humphrey" I know it hurts.. (I'm killin y'all) [Lil' Kim] Uhhh, we in the Range in this fucked up weather It's snowin and I'm tryin to put the whole shit together How Laverne, she always wanted to be like me and dress like me, and look like me and Nicole, it's like she lived in my house Askin me for money, day in - day out And last but not least the grimiest one Tayesha She planned it all, come to find out her name is Keisha C'mon Shanice I'm takin you to my house in L. Conn. (I wanna go with you!) Uhh, be quiet, and we'll get along fine [Lil' Shanice] C'mon please, I wanna be just like you 600 Mercedes, and 380's in my doll babies Crazy baguettes in my barettes; and, H-class rocks inside my Baby G Shock Fuck Barney and Lambchops; I don't love them hoes! But anything goes when it comes to bankrolls Diamonds on my toes, X-and-O's Versace hottie in designer clothes Scoop Lil' Nique and Jus, then take 'em to Toys'R'Us Make em spend they cheese then kick 'em out and take the bus I'm the S-the-H-the-A-the-N-the-I-the-C-the-E but all my friends call me Miss Little Queen Bee What what? I like the green, know what I mean? Ever seen The Professional? (uh-huh) Well I can clean [Lil' Kim] You know what? I like you; little big person but rule number one - no cursin Anyway, what you know about that? You too young for that, when I was your age I woulda got hung for that Then I picked up the phone, to call my Aunt Dot so she could fill me in a little more about the plot Hmm.. nine-one-seven, eight-five-eight, two-one-two-two "Hello?" Yo, what's the deal? Why these bitches buggin out;  I mean, what's this all about? "See it's sorta like what Tonya Harding did to Nancy They don't want you to win no more Soul Train they don't want you to attend no more And I guess that's why, they ain't your friends no more The other day, when I was comin out the grocery store I saw the bitch Nicole in front of the salon next door" For real? "Yup, then I choked the bitch out At least one to the heart, tied up her hands and feet Through her in my backseat, then I dumped her on a dead-end street The other two? Yeah they still linger But don't you lift a finger, I'ma get 'em so just pray I come home and when we hang up, get rid of your phone" Whoo! When Aunt Dot comes, oh brother It's like five Bloody Mary's, one after another Hmmph, she have you stressed, no wearin white, no sex And when she get vexed, you guess what happens next Cause them other two girls, that's still on the menu is the reason why the story is to be continued.. Chorus Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Mary J. Blige Album: The Notorious K.I.M. Song: Hold On Typed by: magoousher@aol.com [Kim - Verse One] Oh how it hurts, like child birth The wounds heal slow, you just don't know At times, I don't know what to say And all I do is pray, day to day But still, I feel my strength might die Like right now, I'm tryin' hard not to cry Even when I close my eyes, I still see it Damn, I just don't believe it The bad times I buried, like the cemetery Unworthy people playin' beneficiaries A lotta people eatin' off of one man's death Don't you worry B.I., I'ma ride to my last breath You killas, caused a lotta devastation You have no idea what you did to this nation I fuckin' hate you, excuse my frustration But just when I'm about to quit, God tells me to just [Mary J. Blige - Chorus] Don't you give up, be strong Hold on, hold on Things are gonna get better Tough times, they last so long Hold on, hold on If you believe, they will get better [Kim - Verse Two] Frank White, the man with the money and the fame Passed away, now bitches wanna claim his name I been with my nigga before he came in the game No one's, no V's, we used to take the train Just us and the Mafia goin' out to parties I guess back then we was real nobodies But he was my nigga, and I was his bitch I rolled hard with him, how could I forget him Had beef with yo wife that ain't patched up But still got love for your kids Even wrote 'em in my will And I'ma make sure the fam keep a decent meal No matter what I got to do, or who I got to kill Shit is real, baby, there ain't no appeal If I'm fucked up, imagine how Mrs. Wallace feels Sometimes I sit and think how it would be if we was married Of if I woulda kept the child that I carried So to my ladies, don't think I haven't walked in yo shoes Or thought this was only happenin' to you, righ' Here's my shoulder, you can lean on this boo Cuz trust me, I know exactly what you're going through [Repeat Chorus] [Kim - Verse Three] So I guess you know the story of how it all ends Depressed, stressed, don't know who's my real friends One thing's for sure, I can count on my mens D-Roc, Money, L, Lil' Cease, and PD My whole B.I. family, remind me of you We miss you so much, I love you so much Never thought life without you would be so rough But I know we gon make it We ain't happy, but we fakin' And to New York, thanks for the support And all our real fans, I'm shoutin' out the whole land This is somethin' young kids just won't understand How they took away this beautiful man Who shared so many memories I could go on and on, but a song can only be so long It's been hard, but I told God that I put up a fight So here's a Long Kiss Goodnight, Frank White [Repeat Chorus w/ ad-libs] Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Notorious K.I.M. Song: I'm Human Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com Ha! Ha! A queen is not a queen, because she is felt But a queen is a queen, because failure has not stopped her Take it from me, the queen of all queens WOMEN, are taking over for the new millennium Oww! What the hell do you want from me? I'm just tryin to be all that I can be I'm a god damn legacy Thanks to B.I.G. and Puff Daddy The first lady runs the world now They impeached the president from his residence No one drops bombs til I say so One-two, one-two-three GO! 1 - I'm human, you're human  So they said but inside we're all animals  I'm human, you're human  So they said but inside we're all animals How dare you accuse me and my family Fucking clones, LEAVE US ALONE! Me and Puff is like Janet and Mike You make us wanna "Scream," know what I mean? Yeah, yeah; I know y'all rather see us dead No more platinum plaques certified lead We got too many chips for y'all Queen Bee, Queen Bee make hits for y'all Take a breath, inhale, exhale till there's no more left In the name of the father, son, and daughter Here comes the new world order! You can't stop it Mother Earth this my universe When worse comes to worse (Uh-huh) I call the shots (Uh-huh), stack all the lots (Uh-huh) Pack all the glocks, take the safety off lock FIRE! Repeat 1 La, la, la (sing!) Can I jingle it baby? Go ahead baby Can I jingle it baby? Go ahead baby HMM Take it out let me sit on it If you can't make it wet just spit on it Ah don't stop till it rise to the top Promise you won't drop till the cherry go *POP* And if it doesn't fit then use your lips Oh here it comes, what's my name? QUEEN BITCH Repeat 1 La, la, la, la Repeat 1 till end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Havoc Album: La Bella Mafia Song: Hold it Now * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * set to the beat of "Paul Revere" by the Beastie Boys [Havoc] Now here's a little story I got to tell About a gangsta-ass bitch, y'all know so well It started way back, in history With Lil' Kim, Junior M.A.F.I.A., and B.I.G. Go Kim! Go Kim! (hold it, hold it now) Go Kim! Go Kim! (hold it, hold it now) Go Kim! Go Kim! (hold it, hold it now) Go Kim! ... WHOAHHHH! [Lil' Kim] Now here's a little story I gots to tell Bout the first rap bitch to rock Chanelle Tought you how to get money and pop Cristal Even gave y'all tips on ridin cock as well The Beehive, sticker say "better beware" If it's buzzin in the spot you know my boys is here (bzzzz) Cause we in the parkin lot, you know the toys is there Pushin drop Bee wagons, two doors, ya hear? Hold it now, the Queen's sittin in the chair Now y'all wanna dress sexy and dye your hair? Will the real Kim stand up? It's frauds in here I'm bout to pull the plug on all y'all broads this year (Lights out!) [Chorus 2X: Lil' Kim] When we come to the clubs they be like (hold it, hold it now) When we pull up on them dubs they be like (hold it, hold it now) Where my bitches and my thugs gettin right (hold it, hold it now) Come chill in V.I.P. with us for the night - WHOAHHHH! [Lil' Kim] Now all my all my all my bitches rub ya titties (if ya love Biggie) And all my niggaz grab ya dicks if you feelin a bitch I'm in the middle of the dancefloor (go Kim, go Kim) killin the shit With the Belve', tryin not to spill any shit You know the Queen show love when I'm up in the club I like to play with my coochie when I'm up in the tub You a, sensitive thug, lemme give you a hug Y'all thirsty-ass niggaz take this bottle of bub I'm the, First Lady, so I can't lose Because of me y'all rock rhymes in high heel shoes Lil' Kim the Grammy winner get love worldwide Now hold that, yo Havoc, let the beat ride [Lil' Kim] And since Frank White taught me how to play the game La Bella Mafia, nigga I play to reign They put my album in the street like they pump the 'caine I'm like bleach - Lil' Kim leave a permanent stain! I'm feared in my country like Saddam Hussein I might give a, little head to {"hold it, hold it now"} All we ask is y'all show respect Cause we don't want talk, big homey, just cut the check! Now I'm sittin outside in my 6.6 Just signed a lil' deal bout 6.6 Used to transport bricks and make 6.6 If you look in my garage I got 6 joints Go Kim! Go Kim! (hold it, hold it now) Go Kim! Go Kim! (hold it, hold it now) Go Kim! Go Kim! (hold it, hold it now) Go Kim! ... WHOAHHHH! {*beat continues to end with "hold it now" and ad libs*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: La Bella Mafia Song: Doing it Way Big Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*dice rattle*} {*dice rattle*} C'mon dice {*dice rattle*} {*dice rattle*} C'mon dice [Lil' Kim] Throw on a Hollyhood Wear by Lil' Kim You know the Queen Bee known for (doin it way big) We take trips to Mekenos, Greece just to shop, we don't stop (doin it way big) This is for my millionaire glub golfers Comin up like Halle and Denzel, winnin the Oscars Y'all get y'all diamonds from Jacob, I ain't mad at ya I get mine straight out the Kimberly Gold Mine in Africa I smack niggaz 'cross the face with a Centurion Card who don't believe I'm (doin it way big) In the Contintental T, magnolia B .. (man, she doin it way big) I'm comin through Hummer stuntin, and I'm frontin Workin that LaBurke and, Ermez bag Only multi-millionaires who know about that be like.. (damn, she doin it way big) [Chorus: Lil' Kim] Anything we do we do it B.I.G. Every move we make is always B.I.G. And the number one rule, think B.I.G. And the best rapper's still B.I.G. (one more time now) Anything we do we do it B.I.G. Every move we make is always B.I.G. And the number one rule, think B.I.G. And the best rapper's still B.I.G. [Lil' Kim] Pull out the G-55, Cavarolet Oh by the way I'm (doin it way big) Eight Alpine speakers, custom made H-R-E rims (uh-huh, doin it way big) The chinchilla blanket, the black diamond anklet It's made out of farragut faggot, try to yank it Got all glass, Benz in all class I do it big, my first kid gon' have a crib all brass This is, exotic y'all, I got it y'all Every color lizard watch from Scotty y'all Private jets, Tiffany silverware sets I got shit department stores ain't even get yet I drop, 30 or more in Christian D'or They gotta, close the store and let me shop some more We go to, Broadway plays in six white Rolls Royce (now that's what you call doin it way big) [Lil' Kim] As long as I'm here, I'm gon' keep doin it, doin it how I do it When I do it best believe I be (doin it way big) We greet our guests at the door with champagne and cigars that read (doin it way big) Chrome on the doors, stone on the floors Fourteen karat gold, paint on the walls We swim in pools with marble waterfalls Ball baby or don't ball at all My bathroom is Chanel, my bedroom Louis Vuitton And office decorated in, Ralph Lauren I got a, Versace couch and pillows I sleep on With the matchin rob and slippers, I beg to differ LaPerla lingerie, cause it fits my body Get with us, we know how to throw a party And you can't get in, without a QUeen Bee members only jacket that reads (doin it way big) {*dice rattle*} C'mon dice {*dice rattle*} (one more time now) {*dice rattle*} C'mon dice [Kim] And the best rapper's still B.I.G. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Governor & Shelene Thomas (Full Force) Album: La Bella Mafia Song: Can't Fuck With Queen Bee Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] It's a new day And all you gossipin backstabbin habitual haters You're all history (hissss-to-ry) So you can hate, or hail the Queen (all hail, the Queen) But it don't matter (but it don't matter) Cause you ain't got nuttin, for us (you ain't got nothin.. for us) So as long as you live, remember this [Chorus: Shelene Thomas] You can't fuck with Queen Bee.. Queen Bee.. Queen Bee! All you haters will see.. see.. see! [Lil' Kim] Don't be mad, I can't put this - money in a casket I can't put these - cars in a box with the ashes I can't take these diamonds with me when I day I can't build that pretty white house in the sky I know you wishin that you wrote this song But these same words comin from you, would be a joke You better off takin heed from your boy Jada I know you, hate dyin - but you gon' die a hater I got a vision, I think for the future baby pah Y'all nearsighted, lotta y'all, can't see that far Rocks like the street light - baby watch 'em glow Red yellow and green - don't know whether to stop or go I'm a chameleon, I got many styles of rhymes Like a bottle of fine wine I just get better with time From "Hardcore" to "Notorious" you studied my flow And still.. [Chorus] + Governor ad libs [Lil' Kim] Whether ya, slingin the rock or you got a wicked jump shot Or just a fiend for this Queen Bitch of hip-hop Kimmie bag dudes from the barbershop to the car show The industry, down to Wall Street They ask: [Governor] What is she like, what does she need? What is her type, I wanna give it to her, tell her please Be my girl, I'll give her anything Whatever her heart desires, in this whole world [Lil' Kim] Just cause you ain't a millionaire don't mean you can't compete You ain't gotta be filthy rich, but you can't be cheap I like a man that can stand on his own two feet Got a strong business mind, straight out the streets He gotta have security, power and wealth Cause I can do bad by my God damn self And if you spiritual, got a good heart and can make me laugh And can fuck.. [Chorus Two: Shelene Thomas] + (Governor) You can get with Queen Bee.. (y'all can get with Queen Bee) Queen Bee.. (yeah, ye yeah) Queen Bee! (awww) Take you to ecstasy (she gon' take y'all to ecstasy) Ecstasy.. (do it to 'em Queen Bee) Ecstasy! (Yeah.. it's yo' time baby, it's yo' time girl!) [Lil' Kim] Ain't nuttin gon' change, my name, gon' get bigger It's in the cards for Lil' Kim to get richer, and richer So like it or not, I am who I am When I die hold my body in the Brooklyn Museum Now take it to the bridge [Full Force] + (Lil' Kim) Baye-ya-da, da, da-da-dahhhhh (Don't that feel good?) (Full Force sing the break one more time, c'mon, c'mon) Baye-ya-da, da, da-da-dahhhhh (Don't that sound so nice?) [Chorus] + various ad libs by Kim and Governor [Chorus Two] + ad libs by all artists [Shelene] + (Governor) Gotta let 'em know Let 'em knowowwwww (let 'em know Bee!) Can't see the Queen (Give it to 'em Bee) Queen Bee (give it to 'em Bee) Queen Bee! (yea yea, yeah) (Governor) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Lil' Shanice Album: La Bella Mafia Song: Shake Ya Bum Bum Typed by: AccessKimmie@yahoo.ca [Chorus: repeat all 2X] Bum chicky, chicky bum Shake ya bum bum {*repeat 3X*} Bum chicky, chicky bum Bum chicky, chicky bum [Verse 1: Lil' Kim] We 'bout to crush all competition Ain't no chance for ya'll Lil' Kim and Shanice, we 'bout to dance on ya'll Like a flow in the club, it don't matter where you come from USA to UK, shake ya bum bum Sean Paul dime, keep my hair done all the time Even got a manicurist in the booth while I rhyme Initials on our jackets like Laverne and Sheryl Kids rock my Queen Bee logo like a PowerPuff Girl We stay on tour from summer to winter And we rockin' public schools and daycare centers Uh, united we stand, divided you fall D flawless necklace look like a disco ball Whoa, ya'll don't really want it with the whole Beehive We goin' down in history, the illest gangstas alive Put ya hands on your shoulders, push 'em up, push 'em up If you feel it in your bones, shake it up, shake it up [Verse 2: Lil' Shanice] Now I know I ain't grown, but that don't stop me From shakin' my anus See I'm 'bout to blow, I'm soon to be famous Now me and Lil' Kim on the same track is crazy Matter fact you can call that amazing Back to back, shakin' our bum bums Picture us in the war, back to back shakin' off dum-dums In YO, that's where I come from My talents official, act up, the hounds'll come get you You can catch me on my toes in them D&G flip-flops Hopin' outta mommy's new bergundy six drop What, I can't stop what I do for real It's like for ya'll I just got to prove my skills Oh, I got a ring filled with all baguettes Nails done, fresh do, be no regrets All I ask is that ya'll show respect While I do my thing And shake it up with the coolest Queen, uh (Uh) [Verse 3: Lil' Kim] + (Lil' Shanice) or *BOTH* Jack Be Nimble (Jack better be quick) It's the Queen and the Princess (Jack ain't spit) Like that news van *There they go again* (On NBC to) *Nickalodean* Sophisticated bad girls (Ya'll them mad girls) Ya'll them birds everybody done had girls While dudes sendin' me diamonds and pearl sweaters (They little brothers send me sneakers and love letters) Next to Bill Gates, I'm tryna be runner up Like the elevater shaft, baby girl is comin' up (It's the ill collaboration from the Brook to the Yonks) No more franks for this ma, now it's lobster and conck To my kids in the hood, this one's for you (Grown folks and grandmas can shake they bum bum too) So come on (Come on) Come on *Come on with it now, get up, get up Get up and get down with the get down* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Swizz Beatz & Mashonda Album: La Bella Mafia Song: This is Who I Am Typed by: AccessKimmie@yahoo.ca [Intro] Swizz Beatz (Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?) I introduce to you (Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?) The Queen Bee (Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?) She hold the crown in this game (Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?) Ladies and Gentleman... [Verse 1: Lil' Kim] It's the worlds famous, Lil' Kim, Queen Bee I am who I am, you just can't change me No matter what you do, you can't take the hood out me People been around me for years, don't know shit about me Dedicated, like Muslims makin' selat People steady try to make me into somethin' I'm not That's why I had to cut the grass, so I could see the snakes Copped the house on the hill so I could see the lakes What you thought? I'm a girl, couldn't make it alone Time to turn the heat up and get back in the zone One day my hairs orange, the next day it's green The trendsetter's back on your TV screen [Chorus: Mashonda] This is who I am (This is who I am) This is what I be (This is what I be) People runnin' 'round (People runnin' 'round) Tryna change me (Tryna change me) Oh, no, no, no, no (Oh, no, no, no, no) No, no, no (No, no, no) Oh, no, no, no, no (Oh, no, no, no, no) No, no, no (No, no, no) [Verse 2: Lil' Kim] About five feet even, kinda small in the waist Rap's sex symbol, real pretty in the face So what I got even bigger titties than the lakes Still a sophisticated lady with millions in the safe Switch up flows like I switch up my clothes More than Wilt Chamberlain switched up his hoes I'm a profectionist, gotta stay on my toes Anything goes when you play with the pro's I got everybody rappin' about jewelry and cars Lil' Kim give you a platinum sixteen bars I'm the real thing, ya'll kareokee stars This is who I am [Verse 3: Lil' Kim] I'd rather be dead and rich than broke and livin' Without rap, I probably woulda been sellin' dope in prison With some Vera Wang khakis and Nolteychucks Suckin' the warden's dick in the back of the bus But God made me what I am today So I say things ya'll afraid to say Just 'cause you got a head start that don't make you strongest He who burns last, burns the longest Fuck what they say about me Fact is I'm the legacy of B.I.G. The Queen of New York, let's get this straight I'm about to be elected mayor of 718 [Chorus 2x] [Outro during Chorus Swizz Beatz] If you in the club You are listening to the sounds Of the *scratch* Queen Bee baby Ride the bar, Queen Bee baby Mashonda on the hook I go by the name of... the Monster Swizz Beatz You are listening to the Queen Bee Bee baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Mr. Cheeks Album: La Bella Mafia Song: The Jump Off Typed by: Gemini_2050@hotmail.com [Intro: Lil' Kim] (Mr. Cheeks) Whoa! (Whoa!) Whoa! (Yeah) Aiyyo Tim man this the jump off right here man! (Jump off!) Whoa! (Whoa!) Whoa! (Whoa!) Whoa! (It's Queen Bee nigga) It's the jump off (Come on) [Verse 1: Lil' Kim] (Mr. Cheeks) I been gone for a minute now I'm back at the jump off (Jump off) Goons in the club incase somethin jumps off And back up before the hive let the pump off In the graveyard is where you get dumped off All we wanna do is party (Woo!) And buy everybody at the bar Bacardi (Woo!) Black Barbie dressed in Bulgari I'm tryin to leave in somebody's Ferrari Spread love that's what a real mob do Keep it gangsta look out for her people (For her people) I'm the wicked bitch of the east, you better keep the peace (Aiyyo!) Or out come the beast We the best still there's room for improvement Our presence is felt like a Black Panther movement Seven quarter to eights back to back with 'em (Back to back) And I'm sittin on chrome seven times platinum [Chorus: Lil' Kim & Mr. Cheeks] This is for my peeps, with the Bentleys, the Hummers, the Benz Escalades twenty three inch rims (Oh!) Jumpin out the Jaguar with the Tims, keep your bread up And live good, East coast West coast worldwide All my playas in the hood stay fly And if your ballin let me hear you say right (Right) [Verse 2: Lil' Kim] (Mr. Cheeks) It's Lil' Kim and Timbaland niggas shit ya drawers (Come on) Special delivery for you and yours (Now) I rep for bitches he rep for boys (Uh ha) If you rep for your hood then make some noise I got my eye on the guy in the Woolrich coat Don't he know Queen Bee got the ill deep throat? Uh! Let me show you what I'm all about How I make a Sprite can disappear in my mouth....HO!!!! Shake up the dice, throw down your ice (What) Bet it all playa fuck the price Money ain't a thing throw it out like rice Been around the world cop the same thing twice Rub on my tits (Huh!) squeeze on my ass (Oooh!) Gimme some UH!!! step on the gas (Ah) Pop the cork and roll up the hash (Roll it!) You know what we about, sex, drugs and cash [Verse 3: Lil' Kim] (Mr. Cheeks) Enter the world of the Playboy pin up girl Buttnaked dressed in nothin but pearls You wanna meet me cause ya, know I'm freaky And ya, wanna eat me cause ya, say I'm sexy Got a man in Japan and a dude in Tahiti Believe me sweety I got enough to feed the needy No need to be greedy I got mad friends that's pretty (Hey!) Chicks by the layers (And) all different flavors (Woo!) Mafioso that's how this thing go (Yeah) Now everybody come get with the lingo Shake your body body, move your body body (Body body) On the dancefloor don't hurt nobody body (Body body) I'm the one that put the Range in the Rover When I'm steppin out the Range yo it's over Comin through in the Brooklyn Mint gear We 'gone do this just like Big Poppa was here [Outro: Mr. Cheeks] Yeah, to the what, yeah, oh, yo, keep your bread up, yeah, and worldwide And stay fly nigga, yeah man, right right right right, Queen Bee, LB Two thousand and, fuckin three, why not? we makin it hot She back at it, why wouldn't she be? come on, yeah B.I.G. Freaky Tah, yeah yeah yeah, L's, light 'em, oh... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: La Bella Mafia Song: This is a Warning Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {entire song set to the melody of R. Kelly's "A Woman's Threat"} [Lil' Kim - speaking] Yo.. I just don't understand Lately, it seems like.. I don't know It just seems like.. it seems like Everybody wants [Lil' Kim - singing] My style, my life, my blood My shoes, my clothes, my gear My watch, my rings, my chain My cars, my money, my home My body, my sweat, my tears My power, my fame, my strength My shit, my this, my that Bitches, please! [Chorus: Lil' Kim] If you don't stop; Someone's gonna find yo' ass dead (this is a warning) Someone's gonna poison your food (this is a warning) Someone's puttin tags on your toes (this is a warning) Someone better pray for you (this is a warning) Someone's gonna get yo' keys (this is a warning) Someone's gonna open your door (this is a warning) Someone's gonna creep in your house (this is a warning) And put the {*chk-chk*} straight in your, mouuuuuth ... This is a woman's, THREAT (this is a woman's) [Lil' Kim - singing with "whoa, whoa whoa, whoa" repeating] Have you ever heard the story, about the M.A.F.I.A. tip See Big Poppa was shot, a long long long long time ago And when he was killed, he left me with the throne And now it seems like, everyone wants my blood [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Lil' Kim - over Chorus] Don't stop, no no You'll be sorry Keep doin it, you'll see You'll be cryin I know, whatchu doin Cause I'm watchin Hohhhhohhhohhhhohoohohohhhhohohhhhhhh OhhhhohhhohhhhohoohohohhhhohohhhhhhhOhhhhohhhohhhhohoohohohhhhohohhhhhhh OhhhhohhhohhhhohoohohohhhhohohhhhhhhOhhhhohhhohhhhohoohohohhhhohohhhhhhh {*laughing*} Aiyyo! {*snickering*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Missy Elliott Album: La Bella Mafia Song: (When Kim Say) Can You Hear Me Now? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kim] Can you hear me now? [Lil' Kim] All of a sudden, everybody wan' bang with us Don't they know them Gotti kids are dangerous? Come come now, y'all need to stop Niggaz better hold they head 'fore they body rock I got, soldiers in every town That'll come see y'all like "Black Hawk Down" I ain't playin with you motherfuckers (RAAAAAAID!) I'm sprayin you motherfuckers If gettin money is a crime, then I confess Ain't about money? I could care less When you see us comin know it's time to collect Niggaz be like, "Here come the IRS!" Kick down doors, shoot through walls Queen Bee's a movement, fight for the cause Got a bite that's bigger than "Jaws" With or without my boys, I still make noise [Chorus: Missy Elliott] New York - when Kim say, "Can you hear me now?" That's when y'all turn it up Midwest - when Kim say, "Can you hear me now?" That's when y'all burn it up L.A. - when Kim say, "Can you hear me now?" Y'all make them cars jump Dirty South - when Kim say, "Can you hear me now?" That's when y'all get it crunk! [Lil' Kim] My last album, some of y'all wasn't ready for it Alright, I slow it up, put the brakes on for ya I know what I'm doin, I ain't losin my mind I'm just so advanced I'm ahead of my time You all stuck at the back, I'm ahead of the line Even in the dark, I'm still gon' shine You'll see what I mean in 2009 I kick outer space raps - ILL RHYMES Live guitars, nigga fuck cars I'm tryin to buy a spaceship to get to Mars Look out the window, and reach for the stars It's a new day, Lil' Kim's in charge Got a big dick, I'll bone you out Like money in the bank, loan you out If you ain't straight I'll comb you out Lil' Kim and Scott Storch be zonin out! [Lil' Kim] Ain't wanna do it, but now I got to pop my collar You actin like y'all real tough act to follow I got medallions the size of a half a dollar And about to buy my best friend a beauty parlor I know y'all don't wanna see Kim on top Please stop worryin about what I got What the fuck y'all know about the {?} I rock When I'm cookin, keep your hands out my pot Them boys ain't bad and ain't no bitch greater Stop tryin to use me as a respirator I'm the same bitch on the escalator And I still ain't got no time for you fuckin haters I might start my day at Piarage' Or with a Mafia meetin at the Brooklyn Cafe "Okay, y'all wanna play?" Like 9/11, you gon' remember this day [Missy] New York - "Can you hear me now?" Midwest - "Can you hear me now?" L.A. - "Can you hear me now?" Dirty South - "Can you hear me now?" "Can you hear me now?" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Twista Album: La Bella Mafia Song: Thug Luv Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Mm-hmm, ye-yeah.. [Twista] Here come a bitch with the fly puss', and a nigga with the fly dick In the Mickey and Mallory mode, rollin through the streets on 24's On krunk screamin, "Die bitch!" Bout to shut yo' shit down, anybody that opposes to payin us a fee false If the straps don't bleed y'all We put stitches in yo' motherfuckin dome like a league brawl (Come and roll with this) Take a journey to the realm of the truth when I bust this It's the Duke and the Duchess Leavin haters 'buked and on crutches Niggaz you cannot touch this It's a new collaboration of Thug Luv between the Thug Queen and the Thug Lord More power than a drug lord Meant to be because we love each other the way we love war Gotta rider bet hug yours, cause I'm full of ambition and ammunition and a 50 like I smoked a sticky stack of hash Ain't no missin on no critical condition Murderin is the mission and we can bust a itchy atcha ass Feel the flow when I drop it Don't when to stop it, I'm goin pockets and layin bodies down Feel adrenaline from me and Kim and them We got it sewed from Brooklyn to Chi-Town See the artillery, we don't fuck around with silly games, plenty thangs Nigga plus I got an illy aim, stick 'em up, steal his chain Then I spill his brain, then I feel his pain Some of the consequences when you dealin with a plug thug And I'm backed up by the Queen, we gon' take over the world Whatchu know about Thug Luv? You can't fuck with us; do it like a hustler Gotta keep it gangsta, can't no one collide with us All my true thugs and all my real bitches Won'tcha come and ride with us Do it like a hustler Gotta keep it gangsta, can't no one collide with us All my true thugs and all my real bitches Won'tcha come and ride with us [Lil' Kim] It's the T-W-I-S to the T-A, K to the motherfuckin I-M Bout to shut yo' shit down  Other albums come out ain't NOBODY gon' buy them Now who gon' deny them? I'm scared of myself, don't nobody wanna try Kim Y'all know you done fucked up (now whassup - y'all better come roll with us) Who's you Mister? It's Lil' Kim and Twista (and we about this) For those who doubt this, the game is ours (we gon' run you up out this) What a wonderful feeling when you're stealin a million But the billion jackpot's what I aim for Get your hands in the air, put 'em up, keep 'em high Don't want no problems - JUST GIMME WHAT I CAME FOR! Pull up on your block, eight straight Hummers Bout to have it locked, eight straight summers Bank account hold eight straight numbers Ain't no room for you whack newcomers We the people's choice because we kick that nasty "Hardcore" shit that you wanna hear Can't fuck with us, hands down we win best murder rap of the year Pounds to the misters, hugs for the miss Bombs in the mail, sealed with a kiss All my bitches pop that thing like this All my niggaz wave that bling on the wrist Some of the consequences when you dealin with a plug thug And I'm backed up by the Duke, we gon' take over the world Whatchu know about Thug Luv? [Twista] Kim is yo' flow hot? [K.I.M.] Like a gun shot [K.I.M.] Twist' is yo' flow cold? [Twista] Well I think so [Twista] Kim do you got dranks [K.I.M.] Crist' by the box [K.I.M.] Twist' do you got smokes [Twista] Well I got 'dro, now baby we can roll [Lil' Kim] Do it like a gangsta, creepin like a murderer Strapped while I roll on chrome Lookin for the ones we at war with When we see 'em we gon' aim for your dome [Twista] Hear me Ma we can run this Earth together, come up worse than ever Havin big dreams while we back up this work together Let's set up shop on the block now, takin over yo' tip Even if we gotta slang dubs Go to war because I love blood, with a Queen by my side Whatchu know about Thug Luv? [Chorus Two: Lil' Kim] Do it like a hustler, Lil' Kim and Twista Might as well ride with us Male groupies, girl groupies They're all gon' side with us Whatcha gon' do, it's the Duke and the Duchess You need to give it up We gon' take over the world Whatchu know about Thug Luv? [Chorus Two] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ 50 Cent Album: La Bella Mafia Song: Magic Stick Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: 50 Cent] I got the magic stick I know if I can hit once, I can hit twice I hit the baddest chicks Shorty don't believe me, then come with me tonight And I'll show you maaagic (What? What?) Maaagic I got the magic stick [50 Cent] I'm a freak to the core Get a dose once, you gon' want some more My tongue touch ya girl, ya toes bound to curl This exclusive shit I don't share with the world I have you up early in the mornin, moanin Back shot, proper or low can't stop us Been a fiend for this since Rakim made hits Get the position down pat, then it's time to switch I'll rock the boat, I'll work the middle I skeet it up, straight beat it up.. .. and I ain't in the hood with my toast out loc'n I'm in the telly workin up a sweat strokin Tonight's the night, you can fall in love You can call your mama right now, tell her you met a thug I pop a lot of shit cause I can back it up My left stroke's the death stroke [Chorus: Lil' Kim] I got the magic clit I know if I get licked once, I get licked twice I am the baddest chick Shorty you don't believe me, then come with me tonight And I'll show you maaagic (What? What?) Maaagic, uh-huh uh-huh I got the magic clit [Lil' Kim] Lil' Kim not a whore But I sex a nigga so good, he gotta tell his boys When it, come to sex don't test my skills Cause my head game have you HEAD over heels Give a nigga the chills, have him pay my bills Buy matchin Lambo's with the same color wheels .. and I ain't out shoppin spendin dudes C-notes I'm in the crib givin niggaz deep throat Tonight Lil' Kim gon' have you in the zone Girls, call ya crib, I'm answerin the phone Guys wanna wife me and give me the ring I'll do it anywhere, anyhow, I'm down for anything Couple of humps, give a nigga goosebumps This junk in my trunk ain't made for chumps When Lil' Kim's around you don't need to lie It's the "Drugs" baby, I'm makin ya HIGH!! [Chorus: 50 Cent] + (Lil' Kim) I got the magic stick I know if I can hit once, I can hit twice (I am the baddest chick) (Shorty you don't believe me, then come with me tonight) (And I'll show you maaagic - what? What?) Maaagic (uh-huh, uh-huh) (I got the magic clit) [Lil' Kim] + (50 Cent) Now put your face in it I know you sprung off in your tongue, I know you tastin it (Sex ain't a race) But I have a thug nigga breakin records And the time is (one minute, six seconds) (Magic stick) I got the magic bop HAVE THAT ASS TRICKIN AFTER ONE BACK SHOT (The gifts, the ice, I like that a lot) The minks, the leathers, the CL drop [Chorus: 50 Cent] [Chorus: Lil' Kim] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Styles P (The LOX) Album: La Bella Mafia Song: Get in Touch With Us Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*scratched: "Now you've seen this before; don't, don't tell me what's been happening. Okay, just let me sit here, enjoy(?)"*} [Lil' Kim w/ scratched in samples] Yea yea yea yea - I'm back Aw yeah - I'm back I'm back, and I'm about to murder cats Aw yeah - I'm back I'm back Yea yea - I'm back I'm back, and I'm about to murder cats [Lil' Kim] If you see a 745 and a body that's wide Take a peak and make sure ain't nobody inside Fuckin with the Bee you might not make it alive Cause it's MURDAHHH; ain't talkin Irv and Ja Y'all sleep on baby girl, I seldom frown Spit the shank out my mouth, and bust you down Biggie left me the torch, so I'm holdin it now And you sick cause I'm a bitch and I'm holdin it down If Styles say get you, without no doubt I'm a set you real good then I'm airin you out Rep your coast, we got the crack, one hit you overdosed That shadow that you see, that's my motherfucker Ghost (Whattup nigga?) S.P., Lil' Kim, we in it to win it Do a bid for my crimey, that's my co-defendant And you snitch niggaz tryin to get a nigga locked up Come through in the ice and truck and tear your whole block up [Chorus: Lil' Kim w/ scratched in samples] + (Styles) Fuck that, bitches don't deserve to rap - yea yea yea yea And I'm about to murder cats - aw yeah And I'm about to murder cats - yea yea yea yea (She Bonnie, I'm Clyde) (I kill your mom and watch you stand there traumitized) Fuck that, bitches don't deserve to rap - yea yea yea yea And I'm about to murder cats - aw yeah And I'm about to murder cats - yea yea yea yea (It's the Ghost and the Queen, motherfucker get in touch with us) [Styles P] You know the Ghost'll steal your soul from you Lil' Kim'll pull the four and leave a motherfuckin hole in you I need an antidote.. to take away the pain I gotta smoke weed or crack a nigga canteloupe I used to dream of this (I used to) but now I got the money and the house and the shit seem meaningless (What's it all worth?) If the grind don't ever stop (huh) Then my mind won't ever stop, nine won't ever stop (uh-uh) They say you too violent (fuck you) I say you too silent You scared to represent, I'ma make the news column This is Holiday and Lil' Kim (yes it is) Bust your gun, sell your crack, puff your weed, drink a lil' gin (Go ahead) Watch the drama ride (watch it) she Bonnie, I'm Clyde I kill your mom and watch you stand there traumitized You can't fuck with us (sho' can't) you think you could? It's the Ghost and the Queen, motherfucker get in touch with us [Styles P] It's the Ghost [Lil' Kim] And the Queen [Styles P] I'ma shoot at most of your team [Lil' Kim] And I'm leavin with most of your cream [Styles P] Nigga knock off the riffin shit, understand that [Styles P] I'ma kill a made nigga [Lil' Kim] And I'ma kill the witnesses [Styles P] Y.O. nigga [Lil' Kim] Crooklyn bitch [Styles P] Nigga bust off your hammer [Lil' Kim] And cook them bricks [Styles P] If you really had dough like you said you did [Lil' Kim] We woulda run up in your crib and been took that shit [Styles P] If I want a nigga dead then I'm doin the shit [Lil' Kim] And your girl right behind you with the oo and the fifth [Styles P] It's the Queen and the Ghost, who shit this tight? [Lil' Kim] Yeah Frank is the King, so call me Ms. White [Styles P] And I ask niggaz who wan' dance [Lil' Kim] And I got his back like that bitch from "True Romance" [Styles P] S.P. the Mack Milli' [Lil' Kim] Q.B. the Tech [Styles P] Got the +Money+ and the +Power+ [Lil' Kim] Now where's the +Respect+? [Styles] It's the Ghost and the Queen, motherfucker get in touch with us The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ 'Big Hill' Album:  La Bella Mafia Song:   Heavenly Father Typed by: ImJusABabiBoi@aol.com [INTRO] Heavenly father... Creator of all things I humble myself... As I bow to the throne I pray for love, joy, peace and happiness [REPEAT 2x] I pray for love... I pray for love...  I pray for love, joy, peace and happiness [VERSE 1] They say the closest ones to ya  Be the ones that sneak up behind ya and stick the knife through ya That's why now I keep my friends to a minimum Check for the ones wit the venom on they tongue 'Cuz niggas is snakes, they hugs be fake Steal from they best friend at his own wake I did all I can do and I took all I can take This is it, crossin' me was ya biggest mistake And was it enough that I split 20% of what I make? Was it enough that I cut niggas half of what I bake? Ain't enough that I almost lost all my bread Bailin niggas out, keepin' a roof over our head Enough is enough I wash my hands I'm done wit it I ain't playin wit u motherfuckers come wit it Keep the fam together God knows I tried But shit ain't been the same since B.I. died [CHORUS 1] (I pray for love... I pray for love...  I pray for love, joy, peace and happiness) Every day... every night Keep the fam together God knows I tried (I pray for love... I pray for love...  I pray for love, joy, peace and happiness) Every day... and every night Shit ain't been the same since B.I died [VERSE 2] Lil' Kim the first rap bitch to shake up the charts Act like I ain't the leader of this Million Bitch March Who got y'all rockin' the Prada The Gucci, Dior, Chanel, Versace and Louis  Please, I'm the reason this rap game is unisex I'm the reason bitches want bigger breasts Show some respect where respect is due (Without who?) Without me there'd be no you These next few lines it to you women abusers Last nigga I was wit... straight fuckin' loser Niggas think 'cuz you give 'em ya heart They can... dissect it and rip it apart Mm-mm, not I, one nigga's in my eye Payback's a motherfucker, put that on the Stuy You lost a good bitch nigga you can't front Lil' Kim is EVERYthing a man could EVER want And that's real  [CHORUS 2] (I pray for love... I pray for love...  I pray for love, joy, peace and happiness) Every day... and every night Mm-mm, not I, one nigga's in my eye (I pray for love... I pray for love...  I pray for love, joy, peace and happiness)  Every day, yo... every night Payback's a motherfucker, put that on the Stuy [VERSE 3] When the... money is gone (So is ya friends) When the... gas runs out (there goes ya Benz) They just don't make my breed no more Nobody lives by the code of the street no more I don't deal wit the nonsense, I'm keepin' it real Wanna do business wit me? Get in touch wit Hill ["Big Hill"] That's right any questions? No you can't ask me Put ya name and ya number on a letterhead and fax me U want Kim? Name the location 75 grand and that's just for conversation [Lil' Kim] I'ma remain loyal while y'all crumble like the foil  It's tradition to rock diamonds in my crown, I'm royal Niggas ain't believe in me, they thought it was over Baby girl risin' up like the early mornin' sun Y'all think y'all know but y'all have no idea What the fuck I been goin' through these last 7 years [CHORUS 3] (I pray for love... I pray for love...  I pray for love, joy, peace and happiness) Every day, yo... and every night They just don't make my breed no more Word, that's it... (I pray for love... )(Every day, yo) (I pray for love) I'm the last of the Mohicans...  (and every night) after me  there will be none... (I pray for love...) (I pray for love, joy, peace and happiness)... and every night Nobody lives by the code of the street no more [Lil' Kim talking] I'm sayin... I just wanna be happy, that's all I don't ask for much It makes me happy to see my people smile you know what I'm sayin I ain't a hater, I don't even like sayin' the word (Nobody lives by the code of the street no more) I'd sacrifice everything I got right now to have my man Biggie here wit me You see that's just how I am 'Cuz I'm a rider (Keep the fam together god knows I tried) What good is it to have everything if you can't share it with the one you love? If you can't be wit the ones you love... then love the ones you wit Don't take nobody for granted You ain't promised tomorrow Karma's a motherfucker I'm appreciative (Payback's a motherfucker, put that on the Stuy) La Bella Mafia 2003... Suga Shaft, the Beehive... We comin'... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Reeks & Bunky S.A., Vee & Goldie of the Advakids Album: La Bella Mafia Song: The Beehive Typed by: AccessKimmie@yahoo.ca *scratched* Fuckin', fuckin' Fuckin', fuckin' Fuckin', fuckin' Fuckin' with the Teflon bitch from the Stuy [Verse" 1 Lil' Kim] Ms. White, that bitch with a thousand looks Come through with a thousand crooks I just know what it takes to get this money like Blow Catch a body, get a face lift, disappear like Pablo Ya'll niggas think I won't jump in the heap Well let's dance, you lames are finished I serve all ya'll cowards like a game of tennis Act like you want some of this and I'll give you the business You see the yellow and black, you know what it's about Wrinkled assed niggas gets ironed, to straighten you out I got thugs in the east, thugs in the south That'll stick with the aisly and whip piss in your mouth I kept 'em on a leash and now it's time to let 'em out Better pray to Jehovah, the game is over Don't ever, ever, ever, ever underestimate Lil' Kim the postergirl at 718 Ride outta town with my nigga, holdin' his weight After it's cooked, chopped in eights the size of plates You bitches ain't been through shit, you just minors What you know about stuffin' half a bricks in your vagina It's the dick licker, it's the baby sipper Ain't a bitch alive can make a nigga cum quicker Baby girl's pussy get wetter than a shower cap Got my mans back like a Jansport napsack And Queen Bee gon' bring you nothin' but heat Homicide is lookin' for me for killin' these beats You in the wrong department, this the upperclass section You hoes is startin' to irritate me like a yeast infection Good heavens, somebody get the Monostat 7 And hit me why don'tcha, hit me why don'tcha The boss lady, I hold it down for my badies Rappers better run and hide 'cause here comes the Beehive [Verse 2: Reeks] It's your boy, Money Cash, I get love in the streets Breathin' dro colored Benz's with dutch colored seats Lay in the crib on Tuesdays, duckin' the sweep Nigga jump off, then get pumped off your feet I'm like Rostein, low key and brilliant with numbers I'm tryna blow sticky in Brazil with the Hummer If you spittin' and I'm grippin' this tech Then that's 32 shots, our throwback's like Mitchell and Ness Man, I'm a project nigga, still piss on the steps And keep the brim on my fitted a little twist to the left I play the block, fifth in my sweats, reppin' my set It's Rossie from the pharmacy, get it correct  [Chorus: Lil' Kim] {*scratched*} The Beehive Fuckin', fuckin' Fuckin' with the Teflon bitch from the Stuy Fuckin' with the Tef-Teflon bitch Beehive Fuckin' with the Teflon bitch from the Stuy Now putcha hands around your mouth and holler out The Beehive [Verse 3: Bunky S.A.] Yo, it's Bunky S to the A, and my guns ain't warm Beatin' niggas close to death with my house slippers on You ain't a thug cocksucka, you a coward to front Fuck your project, your building got flowers in front Every chick I roll with, OZ in the cunt I was OT in Mass, pushin' flower for months Sprinklin' gun powder, oughta put a haze on my blunt I spit a hundred and fifty bars when I'm blazin' 'em out 'Cause I can do that with razor blades stuck in my mouth Forget a hotel, I'm fuckin' shorty right on the couch Any rap shit I ever barked on, to hot to handle And my rims bigger than lower Manhattan manholes Listen up for 2003 tan rover Stash box hold guns like Afgan soldiers Wanna murda 16, well we the niggas you call Queen Bee and Gotti Kids, muthafuck all ya'll [Verse 4: Vee] Uh, yo Vee The Kid, that's the name I earned in the streets 'Cause my bars so hot, it be burnin' the beats Melt my pen, I have slugs meltin' your chin When I throw you over the bridge, they helpin' you swim And you better wear a metal hat when you rappin' on stage Or have my bullets like e-mail, packin' your waves Or snatch your face off like I'm Nicolas Cage And it could be five of ya'll, puttin' eight in your grave 'Cause niggas think they hard, but they softer than bread When them shells hit your throat, you be coughin' up lead The next step is to off you, dead I'ma cut your fuckin' head off and have Kim auction your head (Beehive) See the kid don't rap for love, I rap for cheques Even if I know you, I demand respect And if I put you in the body bag, your man is next The Advakid and Queen Bee gon' leave the game in a mess (Beehive) [Verse 5: Goldie] It's young Goldie, the Advakid, put you to rest I ride around with two 38's tucked in my sweats A pump in trunk and a nine under the seat Enough ammo to blow the earth from under your feet (Beehive) And we got cake for killas like Hyde and Jeckyl Snippers put red dots on your face like freckles Don't make me have to reach for the lead You'll think the bullets was rain drops how they all hit your head I'm that slim kid that they say is probably hot She only with me 'cause of what she think I probably got Am I gon' be with her for long, probably not Unless you're cute and suck a dick like a lollipop Niggas talk about guns and they just bust caps Niggas talk aboit ki's whey they just flip packs When it come to my money, suggest you gimmie that 'Cause you know bullets fly in pairs like Petey Pab (Beehive) Now putcha hands around your mouth and holler out The Beehive The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: La Bella Mafia Song: Came Back For You Typed by: Gemini_2050@hotmail.com [Intro] Good evening ladies and gentlemen, I am the one and only Queen Bee After me there will be none, but you could call me Miss White Most people know me as, Lil Kim the head of the La Bella Mafia Oh, shoutout to my girl Victoria Gotti and the whole family stay up [Verse 1] This time around I ain't takin no shit, this time around I never get bit This time around I switched up my flow Got rid of the pits and put rotts by the do' This time around it ain't like befo' This time around I'm gon' crack ya jo' The feds is watchin me so I can't do much Speak the wrong words bitch and you will get touched I'm back on the scene my favorite color is green I'm buildin a empire got a whole new team Pimp game is strong, raps is just harder than they ever been You can never win Made my way through Hollywood fashion world adores me Music's my first love a nine to five bores me Love me or hate me Lil Kim come through My fans across the world I came back for you I came back for you All incarcerated scarfaces gangstas with the fed cases I came back for you, all my fans across the world holla at your girl I came back for you Everybody's waitin on me all these bitches hatin on me I came back for you, the mink rockin Benz coppin keep the bottles poppin [Verse 2] It's the real hip hop mami check the facts I'm sick of all you acts with your bubble gum raps Like the sand in the hour glass you out of your time Tried to go against the queen is you out of your mind? Even be at number two, your chances is slim Cause when God made Adam, he should've made Kim I gave a few passes but I never forget It's enough I got to put up with this Doo Doo Brown chick Now you and you wanna come at me from all sides I'm gettin money, don't think I just be lettin shit slide I'm very concerned with fashion ain't my fault y'all don't know how ta Rock this Hollyhood thang y'all need to let me style ya Come back, to the light ma, I started the shit How soon we forget I'm the heart of the shit So keep your tacky ways and go back to your stripper days As long as I'm around, you gon' bow down I came back for you All incarcerated scarfaces gangstas with the fed cases I came back for you, all my fans across the world holla at your girl I came back for you Everybody's waitin on me all these bitches hatin on me I came back for you, the mink rockin Benz coppin keep the bottles poppin [Verse 3] This time around either your in or your out This time around you better watch your mouth This time around you gon' hang or bang This time around you better do your thang Cause I'm the best that ever done it, the best that lived it I ain't no overnight success goddamnit I was born with it The Prada mama, the Dolce and Gabbana drippin The Blue Hypnotic Martini Mimosa sippin Y'all better team or get it together Or you, you and her can get it whenever Huh, I got a army y'all can't harm me If the show was on the other foot you probably try to starve me Don't get your life tooken I know I got you shooken This Bed Stuy fly girl came back for Brooklyn The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: The Naked Truth Song: Spell Check Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [20 seconds of instrumental to open] [Lil' Kim] I'm the L-I-L to the K-I-M And not B-I-G, R.I.P. ba-by I, rep BK and the, N.Y.C. Don't no bitch do it like I D-I-D And, since nine-six a chick been on TV Like, MTV and, BET So T-R-L and, one-oh-six I'm in heavy R.O. when they play my shit Momma push whips like BM Dubs And your B.M. trip when she see me in the club The man, five-oh, I don't see him in the club Cause he out in the CT with a dick in his butt Y'all stay OT while I stay O.C. That's, out the country with the A-R-A-B's With my girl M to the O to the E She ride like a soldier, that's my co-D I'm "Bella" to that death and, don't ask why Cause the "Mafia" is P-U-S-S-Y And I'm more nigga than them bitch-ass guys Cause they took the stand, on the D.A.'s side [Chorus: Lil' Kim] I'm the B-A-D-D-E-S-T Chick in the game - what the fuck I gotta spell it out? I keep it G-A-N-G-S-T-A What more can I say - what the fuck I gotta spell it out? BK's finest, straight out the S-T-U-Y And the girl stay fly - yo what the fuck I gotta spell it out? It's the Q-U-double-E-N B-double-E Hoes wanna be me - what the fuck I gotta spell it out? [Lil' Kim] I'm in the Lamb' or the Ferrari when I'm M.I.A. Take the Spyder down the strip, when I'm in V-A The game slow, gotta put a little work in D.C. I ball like I'm WNBA's M.V.P. On, ESPN or, NBC I like it raw like my boy the late O.D.B. Stop pullin out them burners on them DVD's You gotta body a motherfucker to, impress me My boys keep the M-A-C in the SUV And they air somethin out on the, A-V-E I'm in the B-E-N-Z doin a buck-oh-three Tearin the clutch down on the B-Q-E Get at niggaz quick if they try to move me A.S.A.P. like, T.I.P. You get chopped and screwed, honeygirl don't play Nigga we "Ridin' Dirty" like U.G.K. [Lil' Kim] Make a wish when you see me like a falling star Give a lot of y'all careers, CPR First lady at the top of, R-A-P I'm on my T-O-E's gettin that D-O-E B-I-G, M-O, M-M-A No info, for the, D.E.A. Federal agents mad cause I'm flagrant Tapped the cell, and the phone in my basement The IRS tryin to take my pay And plus I'm bein spied on by the C.I.A. I locks it, I'm toxic like DDT My flow get'cha high like PCP I'm number one downloaded on your MP3 I bang on you niggaz like an MPC I make a nigga nut in his DNG's Cause no one do it better than the one Q.B. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: The Naked Truth Song: Lighters Up Typed by: Bklyn_stand_up@yahoo.com * * second single, send corrections to the typist [Verse One] I come from Bed-Stuy Where niggaz either do or they gone die Gotta keep the Ratchett close by Someone murdered Nobody seen, nobody heard it Just another funeral service Niggaz will get at you Come through shinin', they yap you In broad daylight kidnap you Best get clap through Police stay on us like tattoos Niggaz only grind cuz' we have to Money is power Sling crack, weed, and powder Fiends come through every hour Its all about that dollar And we no deal with cowards Weak lamb get devoured By the lion in the concrete jungle, the strong stand and rumble The weak fold and crumble Its the land of trouble Brooklyn home of the greatest rappers BIG comes first then the queen comes after Now put your lighters up (Bed-Stuy) Put your lighters up (New-York) Put your lighters up (D.C.) Keep putting your lighters up (Philedelphia) Put your lighters up (Detroit) Put your lighters up (Chi-town) Keep putting them lighters up No matter where you from, put your lighters up [Verse Two] Now, let me give you a walk through Show you what to do and you dont do Where its not safe to go to Them boys approach you Better say quick who you close to Dont come through if niggaz dont know you Cuz' people is talking The streets is watching The G's is lurking Stash the nine in the garbage The life of a hustla The life of a gambler Dice game, kill more niggaz than cancer You know who you fuck with Brooklyn dont run, we run shit Roll up and just bumrush shit We dont play that Out in Bk, not at all, For a pound leave your face on the wall R.I.P in memory of, Never show thy enemies love We get it on where we live You better have a pass, when you cross that bridge Welcome to Brooklyn Put your lighters up (L.A.) Put your lighters up (V.A.) Put your lighters up (Texas) Keep putting your lighters up (New Orleans) Put your lighters up (St.louis) Put your lighters up (A-T-L) Keep putting them lighters up No matter where you from, Put your lighters up [Bridge] Damn homie I'm so tore And I dont think I'm ever gone somke no more And I dont think I'm ever gone drink no more But fuck it bartender you can give me one more (We in the club like) Damn homie I'm so tore (Lighting the dutch like) And I dont think I'm ever gone somke no more (Passing the bub like) And I dont think I'm ever gone smoke no more (Back at the bar like) Fuck it bartender you can give me one more [Verse Three] See, BIG done told you Im the hottest bitch on the planet Biggest sex symbol, since Janet Theres a Nolte bandit Laying in the cut like a bandage Come through Fulton St. in the vanquish Doing them damage And if you dont understand it Then let me give it to you in spanish Soy la senorita mas Linda del barrios y lo es abo tu eres despacio Still over in Brazil, Sipping Mescotto You must of forgot though So Imma' take you back to the block yo Put you on to how we rock yo Some are boosting 12-year olds prostituting Hit-men hired for execution, Theres no solution Niggaz still piss in the hallways Fiends get high on em' all day The youth them bang at the cops off the roof If you dont know my town is the truth Welcome to Brooklyn Now put your lighters up (New Jersey) Put your lighters up (Boston) Put your lighters up (B-More) Keep putting your lighters up (Miami) Put your lighters up (Puerto Rico) Put your lighters up (Kingston, Jamaica) Keep putting them lighters up No matter where you from, Put your lighters up [*Repeat Bridge*] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: The Naked Truth Song: Shut Up Bitch Typed by: jasonrossrogers@gmail.com * * first single I heard she mad rich, I heard she dead broke I heard she sniffin' coke - SHUT UP BITCH!!!! Ayo Kim can spit, man she don't write her shit Nah Biggie wrote her shit - SHUT UP BITCH!!!! I heard she goin to jail, I heard she out on bail She done fucked up now - SHUT UP BITCH!!!! Why she got her nosed fixed, why she got bigger tits Why is y'all on my shit damn - SHUT UP BITCH!!!! [Verse 1] Everybody talkin', all these haters hawkin' Paparazzi stalkin' takin' pictures while I'm walkin' Damn can't a bitch breathe, gimmie room please I'm in the paper e'ry day if I piss or sneeze I used to ride in a rental Lebaron Now you can catch me in the SLR Mercedes McLaren (Hey Kim what up) Gotta put the doors up, haters pick ya jaws up I'm in the Trump International, 30 floors up (so high) You ain't payin' my bills, so you ain't sayin' nothin' Ain't keepin' it real then you need to stop frontin' You say you got this but we don't see nothin' And people if you feel me get this whole shit jumpin' (Get it jumpin' bitch) Used to talk about the way I wore my clothes  Now every chick look like Lil' Kim in they videos Now don't come around here with that Wendy Williams shit Get yo facts straight or shut up bitch I heard she mad rich, I heard she dead broke I heard she sniffin' coke - SHUT UP BITCH!!!! Ayo Kim can spit, man she don't write her shit Nah Biggie wrote her shit - SHUT UP BITCH!!!! I heard she goin to jail, I heard she out on bail She done fucked up now - SHUT UP BITCH!!!! Why she get her nosed fixed, why she got bigger tits Why don't y'all get off her shit - SHUT UP BITCH!!!! [Verse 2] I hate that people starin' 'cause this chick stay appearin' In somethin' made with German enginerin', rack-n-pinion steerin' Homes with french doors and heated marble floors Whores heated 'cause Momma back and hotter than before Big bank, hold rank like the late Frank I does what you can't, I'm everythin' that you ain't I'm La Bella Don, the biggest bitch in the biz So dont hate me nigga, it is what it is You ain't payin' my bills, so you ain't sayin' nothin' Ain't keepin' it real then you need to stop frontin' You say you got this but we don't see nothin' And people if you feel me get this whole shit jumpin' So don't believe e'rythin' you hear Just like a q-tip, niggaz be all in ya ear, 365 days of the year Shit I done heard it all throughout my career (what they say?) I heard she mad rich, I heard she dead broke I heard she sniffin' coke - SHUT UP BITCH!!!! Ayo Kim can spit, man she don't write her shit Nah Biggie wrote her shit - SHUT UP BITCH!!!! I heard she goin to jail, I heard she out on bail She done fucked up now - SHUT UP BITCH!!!! Why she get her nosed fixed, why she got bigger tits Damn y'all stay on her shit - SHUT UP BITCH!!!! [Verse 3] I just keep climbing up the ladder, y'all never stop my swagger All this petty chitter-chatter only make my packets fatter Some peoples jobs just to talk about Lil' Kim Let's face it, I'm a way of life for all of them Tabloid magazines rate worst and best dressed They got some nerve when the ones who do the ratings look a mess Star Jones don't like me, she cheap and I like the best Damn, it must feel good to Payless You ain't payin' my bills, so you ain't sayin' nothin' Ain't keepin' it real then you need to stop frontin' You say you got this but we don't see nothin' And people if you feel me get this whole shit jumpin' You know niggaz hate to see another nigga eat Quick to put another niggaz business in the street I wish they'd shut the fuck up, damn good grief You know your mouth's a cage for your tongue if you just close your teeth I heard she mad rich, I heard she dead broke I heard she sniffin' coke - SHUT UP BITCH!!!! Ayo Kim can spit, man she don't write her shit Nah Biggie wrote her shit - SHUT UP BITCH!!!! I heard she goin to jail, I heard she out on bail She done fucked up now - SHUT UP BITCH!!!! Why she get her nosed fixed, why she got bigger tits Man get off my girl's shit - SHUT UP BITCH!!!! [Outro] Haha I know it's killin' you bitches, I know it's killin' you She's back, oh my God You had a voodoo doll and everything, worthless bitch You just knew, 'Don't let her come back Jesus, please don't let her come back' But she's back bitches Haha, okay look, just, on the count of three Stop focusing on her and think about you for a second Now ain't that depressing, ain't it depressin' See, that's why don't nobody talk about you Ain't nothin' to talk about Get yourself a hobby bitch, learn how to make a quilt or sumin' Ha, is it really that you hate you? That's what it is ain't it, just punch yourself in the mouth then bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: The Naked Truth Song: Whoa Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Lil' Kim] My niggaz, pull triggers, stack figures whoa whoa whoa Snitch niggaz, broke niggaz not my niggaz no no no In the club we, sippin Dom P, sittin lovely oh whoa whoa Sexy ladies, goin crazy, cause the beat's like whoa whoa whoa [Lil' Kim] Fresh out the federal building To Bentley Coupes with the convertible ceilings It's the black widow, call me Miss White I done been through it all, shootouts and fistfights Crooklyn bitch, you go wrong I get right Back with a classic, now gimme six mics Can't reach me on the phone, then send a bitch a kite Man I do's it in heels or a pair of crisp Nikes Stand behind Martin Luther King, but I'm more like Malcolm X Guerillas beatin on they chest, get it right on Malcolm X Just keep the peace, cause if cowards show me disrespect My niggaz put his soul to rest and I don't wanna see you stressed Champagne at my campaign, Kim for mayor Told you I'm the same bitch from the escalator And I ain't trippin off you rats and investigators Get your envelopes, time to address the haters [Lil' Kim] Me and my team, we tryin to own casinos So we can all cop dreams like Pacino's Come through in the oh-six Benz-itos The feds tryin to shut us down like Nino We keep it goin man, we keep it goin man Won't stop, can't gotta keep it goin man See I do it for the fans, they'll never understand While they goin off course, me I'm stickin to the plan Feel the movement, it's a whole new crew FUCK Junior M.A.F.I.A., that chapter is through Them faggots done did somethin that they cain't undo Whoever ridin with 'em they can get one too Coulda copped to a one to three do Still took it to trial, even though I blew Crooklyn style, that's how we do it Ill gangsters and ain't got to prove it [Lil' Kim] Now a party ain't a party 'til the Queen come through You know where I go, man the team come too Pull up in the Phantom or the V-1-2 Lil' Kim's that girl, even got her own shoe In the club with my clique though, glass full of Crist-al In the jail jumpsuit, still a bad bitch though Rose from the ghetto it was hard from the get go Then I showed the hood the world ain't just made for rich folk Get'cha little dance up, BK stand up Straight to the dancefloor, everybody hands up Throw it up, get down, fellas hold your pants up Ladies throw it right back, tell that nigga man up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Denaun Porter Album: The Naked Truth Song: Slippin Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [20 seconds of instrumental to open] [Chorus: Denaun Porter - singing] Now don't you know that they want to, catch you Slippin with no protection Lead you in the wrong direction Every nigga around you is a reflection Of you when you were at your lowest point in your life Cause niggaz wanna catch you slippin (Don't let 'em catch you slippin) They wanna catch you slippin (you've been slippin, slippin) [Lil' Kim] No more Mrs. Nice Bitch Niggaz done, flipped the script and got on some sheist shit Sellin they soul when love is priceless They kicked me when I was down and stuck in a crisis I kept it all in and now I'm 'bout to erupt Man, FUCK the law the whole system's corrupt A street grudge put me in front of a judge But I stood there like what, the Bee don't budge It's a foul game, no such thing as fair play And real niggaz get railroaded everyday Words misconstrued and used against you Then you get screwed when it's time to sentence you World cavin in, it's a shitty sitch-i-ation A year and a day, three years probation Public humiliation, poor representation Guilty by association [Lil' Kim] I'ma stand up type, grew up in the projects And that's worth more than material objects A lot of things when they know you got it You a target, and now they tryin to get in the pockets Lawsuits, lawyers prosecute for profit Meanwhile the media promotin the gossip I had to say it, cause I'm that real with it You shinin like a star, then you gotta deal with it And dudes pick to take these groupies to bed Better watch it 'fore they write a book about like Superhead Fuck 'em and leave 'em then they after your paper Put a hole in the condom and say that you raped her See you can be a rapper, athlete or an actor Believe me, these devils find a way to get at'cha All it takes is some green and your face on the screen Fuck it, just say I took one for the team [Lil' Kim] In these streets you gotta sleep with one eye open And watch for the snakes and the Jakes approachin Cause it could be the ones that you laugh and joke wit The ones you smoke wit, and sold your coke wit I set you up for the right piece of change And have your brains on the dashboard of the Range Too often, I seen a nigga layin in the coffin All cause some shit was blown out of proportion Everywhere you go you gotta move with caution Cause the rap game ain't much different than the crack game It's the new hustle, gotta have brains and muscle Get too much money and these haters wanna touch you Now I can see why they all on me Niggaz do dirty work, the shit fall on me Not only do you gotta watch the boys in blue But the niggaz in your crew you gotta watch them too The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: The Naked Truth Song: All Good Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*Biggie samples: "It's all good" "Gangster" "Uh, uhh" - repeat for 21 seconds*} [Lil' Kim] Every word I utter, I feel strictly gutter That's why I touch more green than Tiger's putter So you mad motherfuckers mutter what you wanna I ain't worried 'bout none of ya and I'll say it in front of ya I hear the snakes hiss, talkin reckless Thought I'd let it go and I wouldn't stress it Haters in the street, y'all worse than the press is And they all wanna hang like the charm on my necklace I guess things just ain't the same for gangsters How a snitch nigga make a record called "Wankstas" Everything these haters do just to degrade ya Only made me strong, I say thanks for the favor Now the D.A., wanna give me time in the feds I'm from Brooklyn, I could do that time on my head Come down with my weave straight sittin on bread At the gate, gettin picked up in a new Coupe {?} [Chorus One: Lil' Kim] "It's all good" - If you drivin or ridin the bus "It's all good" - In the struggle and the times is tough "It's all good" - It don't matter you can ride with us "It's all good" - It's all good "It's all good" - If you hustlin and huggin the block "It's all good" - Workin 9 to 5, punchin the clock "It's all good" - It don't matter how you get that guap "It's all good" - It's all good [Lil' Kim] See I know how it feel to wake up fucked up Pockets broke as hell, my nigga need bail It's been a couple weeks and he been sittin in a cell The only way to reach him through phone calls and mail Balloons stuffed with lah up in the chocha Now my man in the can gettin money and gettin high He used to keep my fly he had the 6 I had the 5 So you know a chick gon' ride or die for her guy At age 14 I was puttin in work At age 16 I was movin that work Gettin paid for drivin state to state Smugglin weight, prayin I don't bump into Jake I travelled through a few places with the burners in the suitcases, thank God for Big Damn right I love the life I live Cause I went from negative to positive and it's all [Chorus Two: Lil' Kim] "It's all good" - Niggaz run around stuntin and frontin "It's all good" - Talkin shit but ain't sayin nuttin "It's all good" - It's aight cause they time is comin "It's all good" - It's all good "It's all good" - They hatin on me but they copy my style "It's all good" - Cracked a smile when they saw me on trial "It's all good" - You know you can't keep a good bitch down "It's all good" - It's all good [Lil' Kim] Cowards huff and puff but won't blow shit down I come through like two airplanes in midtown Nigga my get back's the get down Hit the big nigga first and make the rest sit down They all talk loud, when they see you they quiet down Faggots violated I wish they'd try now Just watch how they bitch up, story start to switch up Punks gettin left off right where I pick up Picture in Vogue, Spring/Summer issue Shoot game official like a ref with a whistle You know when I do it I'm doin it monumental Leave you speechless kinda like an instrumental They ask me if I know what true happiness Do I ever feel regret for all the things I did? Hell no I love the life I live Cause I went from negative to positive and it's all [Chorus Two] .. [Biggie samples] .. [Chorus One] .. [Biggie samples to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: The Naked Truth Song: I Know You See Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "What you see, is what you get" [Lil' Kim] Ay - I know you see me on the screen now - riiight I know you see me do my thing now - true Tryin hard not to stare, actin like I wasn't there to you Can you see me now? Am I clear to you? On the red carpet in Mark Jacob's clothes You see me fashion week, front row at all the shows In your favorite fashion magazine they feature the Queen On the cover of Don Divas, doin spreads with Eva When we walk down the street, dudes call us the covergirls We stand out when we next to them other girls I don't bend easy, budge or break Trust me, ju don't want it with the female Scarface Your girl come through twirlin in droptop 'Rossa Me and my la familia like a "Goodfellas" poster You see I'm somethin you never seen befo' I know you see me cause I'm somethin that you came to know, ohh [Chorus: Lil' Kim] Dipped fresh, hoppin out of a Rolls In the town, ballin out of control V-V-S's set in platinum and gold Standin room only, all of my shows Applebottom bustin out of my jeans On the screen with the man of your dreams Front page of your new magazines Ay show some love, papers stack, I'm the Queen bitch [Lil' Kim] And you should see me in the summertime, stretched out in one of my droptops all you hip-hop bitches borderline I'm livin off of your man, he supportin ma you'd kill me if I give you the chance, bitch I was born to shine While you on your grind I'm on, beachfront property Thirty-eight snub nose, keep the snitches off of me Look the rest of your life, ain't gon' find a bitch as raw as me Grateful's what you oughta be, I heard somewhere it cost to be the boss and I paid it, floss with the greatest Ball outrageous the broad is amazin In the 6, grippin woodgrain lane changin You coach flyin hoes need boss bitch trainin I'm muy caliente, sizzlin hot flame In private planes to Spain and you barely maintainin You ain't talkin millions you ain't speakin my language The Queen of the game and can't a damn thing change it [Kim singing] What you see is, is what you get Lil' Kim Queen Bee is real, as real can get I'm a certified hustler, so cut that check Raised in the streets of Brooklyn, what you expect? [ad libs for 24 seconds] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ The Game Album: The Naked Truth Song: Quiet Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [22 seconds of instrumental to open] [Chorus 2X: The Game - singing] When the sun goes down and them guns come out Them niggaz that was talkin they won't run they mouth When them shells start poppin, bodies start droppin (It's so quiet you can hear a rat visit a cop) [Lil' Kim] Do you see what I see, can you hear what I hear All these stu-di-o gangsters, year after year With these gimiicks I can't take it they ain't real so they fakin it How did they make it in this game for so long I know what's right from what's wrong, I know what's soft from what's hard I know a federal case, from a publicity charge Man I FOUGHT tooth and NAIL to keep them PUNKS out of JAIL But hoes wanna go to COURT 'til I pay them for they NAILS Who you tryin to be? Man it couldn't be me My man spent guap and bought me my Continental T You spent your advance on your Continental T I know you sick when you clean your RIMS you still see a Bee And we see you a LIAR, tryin to DENY HER Jackie O. proved you FAR from a FIGHTER Comin at ME bitch you playin with FIRE I ain't gon' come back at you, I'm comin at your GHOSTWRITERS [Lil' Kim] I hear 'em talkin like they gangster material But I don't see it man their gangster's invisible The hot iron's what them gangsters put into you 'Til you laid up and your gangster's on critical SHOTS get into you bleedin like my men-e-straul And if I don't like you then I will pretend to It's the ones that befriend you that TURN up against you In the court of law and drop a DIME like Sprint do Supposed to be tough huh? 'Til them boys touch ya Chump muh'fuckers start confessin like Usher I cut you off cause I knew I couldn't trust ya Lame ass bustas, backwards-ass hustlers You fake phony, you always was lil' homey Big lil' son bab' boy like Jody I put you under my wing, bought you your first Roley Nigga I helped raised you, why would I play you? [Lil' Kim] You see it always be them ones talkin this and that How they knife game ILL and they gun go CLAP Them niggaz rats, they run and they trap 'Til they run in a trap, and there's no comin back It be the SAME ones talkin 'bout the guns they sparkin The dogs never bite but do a whole lotta barkin A whole lotta growlin 'til the wolves start howlin They pitbull shit, man them niggaz straight cowards Got 'em scared to death, pissin in they trousers Always was a bitch that's why I sent his ass flowers Thanks to the Queen he can share 'em with his team You can run top speed BUT YOU CAN'T DODGE THE BEAM Got a CLEAN 16 and my spit game mean Don't be fooled and deceived, everything ain't what it seems You act like you don't know what side of town this realer Niggaz softer than chinchillas but on wax they killers [Chorus] - 1/2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Millie Jackson Album: The Naked Truth Song: Durty Typed by: princebee718@aim.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Millie Jackson] Due to the fact that there are ,some people Like the lady over there said she was Who thinks I'm dirty I really couldn't give a shit 'Cause ya'll by my records Them same ones that be talkin' 'bout I'm dirty Be buyin' my shit and hidin' it [Verse 1: Lil' Kim] While all di dutty nigga dem sit around and judge me All dem a chat bout, don't even budge me cause Mi no owe nobody no explanation I convert it over to di almighty one When dis bad gyal come out We jus run dem in di morgue and dem caan't come out some a di gyal 'em need to jus shut dem mouth some a di dutty niggaz need to jus shut dem... Lil' Kim stay hot Pull up with my nigga in the eighty foot yacht Man this hatin' don't stop Real recognize real you studio gangstas kill me I know my vets in the game got to feel me 'Cause from the gate I *brrrr-raaa* down the door Like Eddy Murphy I gave it to you raw Two-piece bikini, Fendi mink draggin' on the floor Kim been the first lady since I dropped Hard Core A lot of these hoes livin' vicariously through me 'Steada doin' them, they'd rather do me Watchin' them is like a Broadway play Sittin' next to the Queen Is the closest they'll ever get to Brooklyn Why ya'll frontin' you know who the best be I'm the reason why the game so sexy Tha originator, tha trend creator Bitch, you dun know you haffa respect me [Interlude: Millie Jackson] I know what you mean, she's such a fuckin' lady Yes I am, that's right, I was raised that way [Verse 2: Lil' Kim] Now if a man want it, make 'im pay down pan it Man want it, make 'im pay it down Now if a man want it, make 'im pay down pan it Man want it, make 'im pay it down No money no love, sistas, no money no ugh, heard dat No money no love, sistas, no money no ugh So don't preach to me 'bout singing All I want is mah self respect You see your words don't mean a thing Show me a man, who neva sin yet, uh-uh The feds pinched me for shootin' But instead they indicted me for my fuckin' music This jealous muthafucker and this prosecutin' dyke bitch Probly go home, listen to How Many Licks Stay away from 5-0, that's that hiphop cop These cheese eatin' rodents really got the game caught You see when you on top, niggaz want what you got Even though they idolize you, they still critisize you So don't preach to me bout singing , I, I am just a woman You've got your feelings I got mine, I'm only human And I gotta go down as a gyal who know how to get it on I've gotta go down as a gyal who know how to get it on I'm tryna go down as a gyal who know how to get it on I...gotta go down as a gyal who know how to get it on So if mi waan fi skin out and gwaan like mi bad That's just between me and mi God And if mi waan fi shack out and gwaan like mi bad That's just up to me Now if a man want it, make 'im pay down pan it Man want it, make 'im pay it down Now if a man want it, make 'im pay down pan it Mon want it, make 'im pay it down No money no love, sistas, no money no ugh, heard dat No money no love, sistas, no money no ugh So don't preach to me 'bout singing All I want is mah self respect The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Bun B, Twista Album: The Naked Truth Song: We Don't Give a Fuck Typed by: da_only_baller@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Take that nigga chain, we don't give a fuck Hit that nigga up, we don't give a fuck Jack that nigga truck, we don't give a fuck We don't give a fuck, he ain't down with us Take that nigga chain, we don't give a fuck Hit that nigga up, we don't give a fuck Jack that nigga truck, we don't give a fuck We don't give a fuck, he ain't down with us [Verse 1: Lil' Kim] I Brooklyn Bounce nigga, in Dirty South down to the ATL Rep B.I.G. to death, betta watch what come out ya breath We thuggin', thuggin', we thuggin' Honey girl Queen B double E-E I'm heatin' up in oven, no bitch is comin' like me We get by, we get crunk, we spit fire, we got pumps We get high, we get drunk, we got heat for ya'll punks Can't find you layin', my fam is not playin' Gotta get that money, that money, that money, money You don't want no problems man, none if you get outta lane We comin' like the Taliban, poppin' like a collar man Cowards want to violate, then we got to demonstrate You faggot niggaz tellin', when we see you we be yellin' [Verse 2: Bun B] Bitch I been trill ever since the day I came out my mommas cock Come on down to that Dirty South, you gon' see I got it locked I can go on any block and on any hood and on any town Runnin' deep with money and jewelery and holdin' myself down Connected to every heavy nigga across the U.S My cocaine is the whitest and my diamonds are the bluest My city is the trillest and my niggaz are the truest Got everything to gain and nothing to lose, so let's do this We load 'em up, cock 'em back, let 'em go we knock 'em off Cut off all his cake, rocks, and eggs, this nigga block 'em off It's B-U-N for UGK, straight up out that B-A-T Holdin' it down for K-I-M, reppin' for Pimp C, let's see 'em bitch [Verse 3: Twista] Big cars, big trucks, big nuts when it comin' up off the dust Think it's funny 'til he comin' up out the club Gonna getcha money when I'm comin' up out the cut If I catch a nigga slippin', I'ma tell a nigga know that shit Then I snatch that chain When he leave his friends, I'ma get him out his ends And his Benz, make him cash that train Come out the dark and get the lights on Turn together, get it up Take his watch, take his bracelet, take his dust, take his truck I can't help it to get itchy if I see the nigga ballin' Nigga yes ya'll then I gotta get a piece of that Steady figure with the Jacob in the bezel with charm Well come over hear I got a little heat for that AK-47 and the Desert Eagle with a sawed-off pump Got a what, an E-95 with leather grip And a Mac-11 comin' out the trunk Got what, a black ski mask and leather gloves And duct tape I can get what I want Got what, when the Queen and the Twist ride on them bitches We don't give a fuck The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Maino Album: The Naked Truth Song: Gimme That Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Four.. three.. two.. one [Chorus: Kim] + {Maino} Gimme that good dick (give it to me) gimme that good dick (uh, uh) Gimme that good dick (give it to me) that fine-ass good dick (yea, yea) {Gimme that pussy} (give it to me) {gimme that pussy} (yeah, yeah) {Gimme that pussy} (give it to me) {that bomb-ass pussy} [Maino] Yo, now every lil' slut with a butt wanna jump on me I'll teach 'em how to hump when they fucks with me I ain't done at one nut, bitch I dump all three Slurp it all up when you suck on me cause see I got the cleanest, meanest, penis Ask Keisha, she the one who seen dick Keish' told Pam, Pam can't keep a secret So all the hoes know my dick game quite decent Tie 'em up, hit 'em with wax from candles Don't stop, I get it like Luther Campbell I'm the damn dude, that will ram you so damn hard it'll leave your ass blue Meat slinger, my meat stings ya Bitch thought I stuck her with a damn meat cleaver Want me to freak ya? Wait for me to skeet ya Dick comes around once again like Easter Bitches flash me they thong and panties Then they ask me to do the nasty Wanna thrash me then don't walk past me And when you pass me just holla at me and say [Lil' Kim] Now see don't no bitch do it better than Kim And no bitch pussy stay fresher than Kim Everybody's man wanna get with Kim If you don't believe me bitch just ask him Cause see, I got the tightest, rightest vagina Even got my name on the menu at the diner Guys extend G, with my goodies I'm the only bitch in the world that got two pussies Sex Queen Bee and no bitch could come after Dudes stay hard, don't need Viagra My beehive gags ya, when it grabs ya Pussy get wetter than the whole Niagara Boys get hooked first time they taste this I lick dudes in all the right places G's got cases, tempted to take this Kitty cat so mean turn dudes into rapists Niggaz flash me they jewels and cash and then they ask me to do that nasty Wanna thrash me then don't walk past me And when you pass me just holla at me and say [Chorus] - Maino first, both ad libbing throughout [Maino] + (Kim) Some like me to do 'em rough and show them (Some niggaz like me to run and stroke them) Some like objects down they throat and (I get 'em all strung out and open) Yes I wrecked 'em down to the rectum Dick like tetanus shots, I inject 'em (Pussy is power, listen man) (My chocha's tighter than a traffic jam) That's tight (Coochie like drugs, I'm a thousand grams) (Got fiends from New York to the islands) Damn Had a bitch that wanted me to cuff her to the bedpole Seen my dick, and thought it was the bedpole (One dude went crazy y'all) (Cause after he hit, he swore that my clit could talk) Some broads they can barely walk when I'm done with 'em Call the ambulance man to come get 'em (Niggaz flash me they jewels and cash and) (then they ask me to do that nasty) Wanna thrash me then don't walk past me And when you pass me just holla at me and say The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: The Naked Truth Song: Kitty Box Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil' Kim] Yeah... honeygirl... Queen Bee Lil' Kim... 7 you ready? Good Cause 7's my lucky number [Chorus: Lil' Kim] Wanna lick get a taste of the dip, in my kitty box Wanna play for a day dad-dy? In my kitty box Wanna lick get a taste of the dip, in my kitty box Wanna play for a day dad-dy? In my kitty box (My kitty box, my kitty box, my kitty box, my kitty box) [Lil' Kim] I'm goin to Miami, stylin, whylin Shinin, in diamonds, they're sizin me up My bikini, Gabbana, heels, Prada You know, I like, it sexy Boys holla when they pass me, call me and harass me They love me cause I'm nasty, but classy If you're ballin put your bid in, you broke, forget it You're just another doll chasin the Kim I'm in heat like a cat, I'm in heat like a cat If you want it then you better come and get it [Lil' Kim] Picture Lil' Kim masturbatin in a drop Picture Lil' Kim tan and topless on a yacht Picture Lil' Kim suckin on you like some candy Picture Lil' Kim in your shirt and no panties Shirt and no panties... {*moaning*} Picture Lil' Kim in the pool skinnydippin Picture Lil' Kim in the 69 position Picture Lil' Kim dancin on a stripper pole Picture Lil' Kim in a Playboy centerfold Playboy centerfold, Playboy centerfold Playboy centerfold, Playboy centerfold [Lil' Kim] Lil' Kim's got that potion, my box'll have you open I'll drown you when I'm wet like the ocean You crave it, you want it, you want it jump up on it So you can play in my box 'til the morning I'll let you play in my box 'til the morning You can play in my box until the morning I'm in heat like a cat, I'm in heat like a cat If you want it then you better come and get it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Snoop Dogg Album: The Naked Truth Song: Kronik Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Snoop Dogg] Aiyyo Queen Bee, it's Big Snoop Dogg Why don'tcha blaze up some of that sticky icky icky icky icky icky icky ICKY! (Yeah Snoop, I feel you man) (That package of Lil' Kim just be CALLIN me) (Somebody help me, please!) {*somebody, somebody please*} [Lil' Kim] Tell you why I'm so damn fly One hit of me and you'll be so damn HIGH Plus I got that hydro flow (so sexy) Come and get yo' head right (nigga) He's an addict of my pillow talk Hourglass body and my runway walk I got a sweet tooth for the chocolate guy See him lickin on his lips with his chocolate thai He'll have my wrists lookin like rainbow bright Once he stick his pipe in this atomic light Lil' Kim have you fiendin fo' mo' Get you higher than a jar of that {??} [Chorus - Snoop singing w/ help] Girl yo' shit's the chronic (chronic chronic) {*shit's the chronic baby*} Like a strawberry bag of weed {*like a strawberry, bag of weed I*} One hit of the chronic - woo, OWW! Brother, she'll put yo' ass to sleep {*she'll put yo' ass to sleep*} {*ahh, na na*} [Lil' Kim] My sugar daddy from Brooklyn just sent me a page He tryin to come blaze some of this watermelon haze Pretty girl keep him home for days Bustin nuts and seein circles from this bag of sweet purple Homies out in L.A., call me Lil' Sticky Got G's walkin with my name on they dickies Get'cha higher than Amsterdam, God is my witness I put the red light district out of business They want me off the streets, they say I'm illegal I'm more potent than a pound of sour diesel Lot of copycats, don't make that mistake That homegrown shit'll give yo' ass a headache Who's that peepin in my window Tryin to get a toke and a sniff of this indo This bag of Kim have you ready to spark shit I'm the hottest product out on the market [Chorus] w/ different ad libs [Chorus Two - same people] I'm addicted to the chronic {*said I'm addicted to it, baby*} Baby girl what'cha doin to me {*what'cha doin me, what'cha doin me*} Ain't nothin like the chronic {*ain't nothin like it nah nah nah*} She'll put yo' ass to sleep {*she'll put you right to sleep, 1-2-3*} [Lil' Kim] I got the fiends lined up coppin my shit twice Nookie get you so nice I got to raise the price Got dudes puttin up they cars, cribs and ice Centurions, for a hit of this Lil' Kim Toppa toppa my Jamaican bredderns Rude bwoy dem come holla at a legend Throw your dutchies in the sky if you're fresh from yard Honey girl leave ya 'round the morgue (honey girl) Sayin damn ma, I love you like de lah De ganja, sensi-milla Can I feel ya, just wanna touch ya I told y'all before I'm the ultimate rush The chronic nigga [Chorus] w/ all new ad libs [Chorus Two] w/ new ad libs [ad libs to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Sha-Dash, T.I. Album: The Naked Truth Song: Get Yours Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Hey throw your bottles in the sky if you're gettin yours If the rims on his ride ain't as big as yours You gettin money what'chu hatin on my niggaz for? Hey get your mind off of mine and get to gettin yours Throw your bottles in the sky if you're gettin yours If that other bitch's ass ain't as big as yours You gettin money what'chu hatin on my bitches for? Hey get your mind off of mine and get to gettin yours [Lil' Kim] Boss lady pull up in the back of the Maybach Chaffeur behind the wheel, feet up, leaned back Readin the newspaper, honeygirl put a hurtin on 'em Haters like a bad act, I just close the curtain on 'em Play all day on the Siruis, radio Satellite TV, who do it like me? In designer outfits, while sellin the tag Yves Saint Laurent boots, Yves Saint Laurent bag Keep the Pokeman in case a big bitch think I'm ass Eatin through her stomach like a gastric, bypass Bitch you better buy a pass and you better have the cash When you in my town you got to see me to buy a pass Number one rule, think B.I.G. 50 grand for the girl to sit in V.I.P. The spotlight is on me, I'm the one they wanna see They give they money to Kim like I'm H.S.B.C. [Sha-Dash] Yeah, well it's young Dash to all those who don't know The boy who stay hot when his jewels is so cold Killer screwface and he cockin that fo'-fo' Wanna ice grill? Better holla at Paul Wall Is all that called for? Whole crew do it up Champagne, threw it up, 'til niggaz threw it up Cruisin up, tinted up, gotta be some star Don't know what to call it, they say it's a truck car You been with a chump pah; like Ashton was the first one to "Punk" y'all Have yo' ass holy and resemblin Spongebob Like an old album, you happen to come for us You guys get dust off It's the young boss, show you what the imp us for Family and friends be the only ones missin boy Sayin that you rich and all, tell me what'chu bitchin for Maybe cause I'm gettin mine - well is you gettin yours? [T.I.] You don't really want it with the nigga right in front of Tip Have you duckin on the shit, wanna let the burner spit Get bucked bitch, give a fuck who you run and get King of the South, Pimp Squad Clique runnin shit Bricks in the pipeline, sold in the nighttime Take a lifetime to find a flow that's quite like mine 40 cal's and 45 glocks, I don't like nine Mac-9 and automatic flatten niggaz lifeline I'm already rich, use the rappin as a pasttime Grand Hustle bitch and I ain't settle for the last time Other niggaz settle down cause I don't bag mine You see me pull it I'ma blast, I don't flash mine You niggaz livin check to check but I don't cash mine Deposit it and let it sit cause all the cash mine Been goin easy on you rappers I'ma mash now Niggaz throw your bottles in the air and put the glass down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: The Naked Truth Song: Last Day Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: repeat 2X] When it's my last day, then it's my last day But until that day, you can't take away How they scream my name, how I pimp this game Critically acclaimed, until my last day [Lil' Kim] Y'all better stand up or sit down, cause I'ma be here Pull up a beach chair and pop you a Becks beer I'ma live it up, 'til I'm a hundred with gray hair Glass house in Bel-Air that's, high up in the mountain Golden gates, and the brass water fountain 'Til my last day, I'm goin hard And I ain't slowin up, 'til the Heliport's in my back yard 'Til my whole team sign they name on that black card 'Til I bring New York back, 'til I show you where I'm from 'Til I show you how it's done, show you why I'm number one 'Til my peeps is out the hood, 'til I buy my moms a jet 'Til I own my first island and cash a trillion dollar check 'Til I'm at the top of Forbes' richest lookin kosher With my name and my picture, right next to Oprah In negotiations with Bill Gates and his broker 'Til I'm with Jehovah it ain't over 'til it's over [Lil' Kim] Besides God, what the fuck should I fear? The only one could stop me is that chick in the mirror I built my career on, blood sweat and tears And I'm still here, gettin stronger each year Cause what don't kill me, could only help build me I guess all that dirt just made me more filthy If being loyal's a crime, then I'm so guilty If you was missin a spine you'd still have to feel me Some came and went but your girl is everlasting 'Til the day I'm gasping (gasping) And niggaz droppin tears on my Versace casket And I'm, reunited with Big, like nigga what happened? Shit got drastic, I missed you with a passion By now they should realize I'm not the average rap chick Ain't nuttin they could do now to stop my shine This is God's plan homey, it ain't mine [Lil' Kim] Until my heartbeat stops, my flesh goes numb And the last breath leaves my lung, I'll be The big Q.B., the problem in Prada The bitch that these rap hoes wanna become I been hated on many times, adored and idolized Check your stats, I'm all that, bottom line It's all there in black and white, read it and weep I'm the, perfect example of keepin it street Cause when it's all said and done and at the end of the day My actions spoke louder than whatever they say Yeah I'll rep the hood, stood the test of time So a cell'll hold my body and never my mind So, never mind any of y'all petty tactics I'm gettin fetty, movin through them tax brackets Bitch you gotta be kiddin me, Kim's the epitome I'm the ghost of Big so you could never get rid of me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Ms. G.O.A.T. Song: Ms. G.O.A.T Typed by: irun323@aim.com   Let's smoke some lah, to this Mardi Gras I'm the dopest female that you've heard thus far It don't get no betta, than the trendsetter Got a track for these rats (Tryna steal her cheddar) Shake my thing all the boys start to sign Shawty is a ten, think about me in his dreams Nympho manic, head like a brainiac For those who slept Lil' Kim is back And better than before, you thought it was impossible Haters is sick need to check into a hospital Prayin for my downfall like it was a Sunday But it's over, you only get five minutes to shine Now the game is mine The streets crowned ya girl Miss Greatest of All Time So follow me and I'll lead you the right way Just sing along to the words I say   Dude these chicks sour, getting worse by the hour And at the same time I'm cakin' up by the minute But when you sick a ho and I can show you 'bout pimpin' I'm tryna put you onto game, pay attention To how to grind, I'm bout a dollar now a dime I'm color blind, to everything except a dollar sign Bottom line, your career I break up And take your shine like the feds did to Jacob Well well well, I'll be damned I shouldn't have to tell you who I am But I'm the notorious K-I-M Your flow's got flaws like a chipped diamond Oh yes, I've been watchin you, copy me My spot's safe, got it on lock and key I'm who you wanna be, but you can't be who you're not The first lady G.O.A.T dot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Ms. G.O.A.T. Song: Miseducation of Queen Bee Typed by: irun323@aim.com It's funny how money change the situation You can talk greasy on the radio station They hatin' cuz I'm the creation My song spun in heavy rotation Some wan' play Queen Bee like she dumb I burn rappers like tannin' under the sun Everything you did has already been done I'm the first lady there's no comparison Since the trail I've tried to avoid violence But if they come test we run for me gun Let the Bee buzz if you don't wanna get stung Kim been this way since, day one I fear none but my status will scare some Haters keep makin' false accusations Always got my name in they conversation Disloyal fools I'm still the champion You might win some but you just lost one (x9) Now now my attitude's turned cold Girls sell they soul just to have my flow Like Keyshia Cole they just need to let it go The game to be sold and not to be told Wisdom I hold ‘til the youth gets old To the hopeless now I'm on hope road Dudes floss cash and they know they in debt Never play the ho, Queen Bee be the pimp Can't slick talk I done heard that shit Can't lie to a liar I reverse that shit I run the club called the Players Residence I'm not only a client, I'm the president Did the crime now the time you can't handle it But ima play it out to it's full out extent I came from the Stuy project tenement Style wild like a child off punishment About me everybody got opinions A lot of rap chicks but I'm still number one Must be prepared cuz the rain soon come You might win some but you just lost one You might win some but you just lost one (x5) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Ms. G.O.A.T. Song: I Get It Typed by: VibeWithMe@gmail.com I get money, I-I get money I-I get, I get, I get, I get (Don't ask me how I get it, it get it aiight) I get money, money is got (Ah, ah, I get it) I-I get money, money is got (Ah, ah, I get it) I-I get money, money is got (Ah, ah, I get it) I get money, money is got, money-money is got (Yeeeeeah, I run New York) I get money, money is got (Ah, ah, I get it) I-I get money, money is got (Ah, ah, I get it) I-I get money, money is got, money-money is got (Ah, ah, I get it, yeeeeeah, I run New York) The bank don't stop 'cause they put me in cuffs Still made money up in the can, what the fuck I'd have a babe by you baby, if you a billionaire Write the check before I cum, just sign right here I'm gon' stay rich I ain't gon' die tryin' to spend my shit I'ma die tryna spend your shit Nowadays these rap niggas on some feminine shit So I guess Queen Bee gon' be the man of this shit Laughin' at these rap bitches on some amatuer shit They better off makin' a livin' on some janitor shit Who the hell is this chick? She been out kinda long Had one hot song, I'm sorry I missed it Too busy being +Conceited+, puttin' on my lipstick Takin' trips out in Cali, chillin' with the Hiltons Yeeeeeah, I'm chillin', Kim top billin' With the top down, trowin' money through the ceilin' I get it, the lifestyle that you only rap about I live it, my man buy cars that you hoes be rentin' I'm classy like a Phatom, you a Honda Civic Lil' Kim got your whole bank stopped, I get it I-I get money, money is got I-I get money, money is got I get money, money is got, money-money is got The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Ms. G.O.A.T. Song: Chillin' Tonight Typed by: irun323@aim.com YEAHHHHHHHH I'm chillin wit my nigga tonight I'm chillin wit my nigga tonight YEAHHHHHHHH I'm chillin wit my nigga tonight My girls goin' out tonight, (YEAHHHHHHHH) but Ima fall back tonight Me and my man takin it in tonight... yea we gon get it in tonight We gon smoke something, drink something, toast something So he can beat the pussy up like it stole something Get it poppin all night til like 4 somethin And then we right back at it 'round 6 somethin It's supposed to be girls night out So you know he got my girlfriends cursing me out Sayin that I'm whipped and he turnin' me out No need for the gym cuz he be workin me out For me, he got a huge appetite Lick my ice cream like a tasty delight The bond between us is tight I heard Duve poppin tonight but... I ain't goin to the club or hangin wit my girls I'm chillin wit my nigga tonight R. Kelly got a show, but I cant go I'm chillin wit my nigga tonight Victoria Secret lingerie on Layin up wit my nigga tonight We bout to get it on, turn off the phone It's all about my man tonight Tonight its just me and my boo Candlelight dinner, sippin some wine too Lingerie see-through you know how I do Playin slow jams to set the mood Some Marvin Gaye, Luther Vandross, a little Anita In the bed laughin at Martin and Gina All eyes on us like we Brad and Angelina, no one can come between us The things he do give me the chills Like writin out I Love You in hundred dollar bills He don't even think about playin the field He in ecstasy without takin a pill He treats me like a queen I love the way he courts me Makin love in the Ferrari he just bought me Playin play station, fight night I heard Stereo poppin tonight but... I ain't goin to the club or hangin wit my girls I'm chillin wit my nigga tonight R. Kelly got a show, but I cant go I'm chillin wit my nigga tonight Victoria Secret lingerie on Layin up wit my nigga tonight We bout to get it on, turn off the phone It's all about my man tonight From the bed, to the kitchen, to the living room couch We done blessed every room in this New York penthouse Miami estate, house by the lake We ain't watchin pornos we watchin our own sex tape I pour the Henny all over his jimmy So when he stick it in me, he's drunk off of Kimmy I make a nigga bust faster than a semi Cuz Kimmy get the jimmy rock harder than a penny (UGHH) Full body massage, champagne bubble bath Then we make love on a bed made of cash He can't get enough, he's always ready to smash He love how I'm shaped just like a hourglass His niggas is tight he chillin with his wife But they don't come before the love of his life We in the crib havin a pillow fight I heard Lotus is poppin tonight but... I ain't goin to the club or hangin wit my girls I'm chillin wit my nigga tonight R. Kelly got a show, but I cant go I'm chillin wit my nigga tonight Victoria Secret lingerie on Layin up wit my nigga tonight We bout to get it on, turn off the phone It's all about my man tonight The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Ms. G.O.A.T. Song: It's Kim Bitches (Get That Money) Typed by: irun323@aim.com Y'all know who it is (NEW MONEY!) It's me bitches! Back up on the scene is the microphone fiend Fuck keepin' it clean, I'm keepin' it real green WARNING! She's hazardous, ghetto fabulous You can't see her with binoculars (You cannot see her dog) I'm keepin' it hollyhood out in Hollywood Put ya lighters up if you rollin' that backwood (put 'em up, put 'em up) Once again it's on, ya girl's back in the zone Maybe it's the beat or the seven shots of Patrone Like Cypress Hill I'm insane in the brain My niggas, clear the lane I'm comin' to bring the pain (She comin'!) Time for a change, yall all sound the same Y'all all makin' it rain, we makin' it HURRICANE Like a good meal, I hit the spot This is why, this is why, this is why I'm hot (This is why she hot) What you cowards forgot? I'm stayin on top I'm kinda like your album, ain't never gon' drop Y'all got gun and ain't never gon' pop You already know the motto, ain't never gon' stop I'm always on that green light, tryna get my team right Back to back 550s that's crème white Red diamonds like a inferred beam light My soldiers masked up like it's Halloween night You know the Apple Bottoms get the jeans fittin' tight Marsheanio bra got the titties sittin' right You know JT had a sexy track But it's gon' take Lil' Kim to bring sexy back It's me the trendsetter, 24-7 Star sweater 24 karat gold on astar leather, best thing since Donetella We in the club and our table's bottled up like a wine cellar Let's get this mozzarella, money is time fella The Queen reign better get under my umbrella Ella, ella, aye, aye, aye It's the Mafia La Bella Ella, ella, all day, aye...YEAAA Kim still gutta mayne American idol before Ruben Studdard mayne My sex appeal make you stu-stu stutter mayne My CD all in ya crib like brudda mayne I'm seasoned with all the right spices I'm the whole pie, yall just slices I'm hotter than Tabasco sause When God make it rain it's too cool me off Get that money, get that money Don't stop huggin' the block Get that money Get that money, get that money Don't stop huggin' the block Get that money Cuz I'm bout to own the charts When I pop my collar, man I'm extra heavy on the starch Extra heavy on the wheels, extra heavy on the watch Jewelry like Henny extra heavy on the rocks My dudes on the grind extra heavy on the block You know I like my men extra heavy with the guap You lookin' for the dude leavin the club in the Galado I'm lookin' for the dude leavin' in the helicopter So we can toast, overlookin' the coast Just think about that next time you flyin' coach Yea I came home, lil' meat on the thighs I'm eye candy, real sweet on the eyes Yea I fucked wit Nas, hypnotized B.I Damn, they even thought I'd marry J like Blige But naw, Kim keep two steepin' Two fo' seven is what I'm reppin' Lil' Kim for mayor, fuck with a real bitch Queen Bee nigga get with the real shit You need a fix? I'm the one to holler at Ya stocks went down, you can't get a dollar back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Kim Album: Ms. G.O.A.T. Song: Fuck You Typed by: KaleinaRaiin@hotmail.com Fuck you This is for them hoes that hate Pardon my french but I just wanna say Fuck you This is for them snakes that smile in your face Pardon my french but I just wanna say Fuck you Go head tell em why you mad Cause you broke and you sad And ain't no body tryna fuck you So I just wanna say.... F-U-C-K you Does my sexiness offend you You hoes ain't friends but they try to pretend to Snakes in the grass tryna strike against you Tell em why you mad cuz Im fly like jet blue They even try to go thru what i been thru But they need to catch up cuz they in my rearview I kick a bitch ass in my Jimmy Choo shoe But you ain't even worth sweatin out my hairdo I tell em screw you bitch go to hell You sayin my name tryna get your shit to sell And even tho your girl been away got low like Chappell I'm back in the club got everybody yellin Fuck you This is for them hoes that hate Pardon my french but I just wanna say Fuck you This is for them snakes that smile in your face Pardon my french but I just wanna say Fuck you Go head tell em why you mad Cause you broke and you sad And ain't no body tryna fuck you So I just wanna say.... F-U-C-K you Go head tell em why you mad What you spend on your rent I spend on my Louis Bag Im high class shoppin on Fifth Ave You keep the tag in your clothes so you can take it back Mad cuz you're broke and you're lookin for a fix What you want my autograph and you wanna take a pic Tell em why you mad cuz you lookin real pissed Jealousy is a diesease and you lookin real sick Need to see a Doc Your girl on top Lotta bitches want my spot but I got it on lock Headed to the bank Imma get it non stop When they play it in the spot let everybody holla Fuck you This is for them hoes that hate Pardon my french but I just wanna say Fuck you This is for them snakes that smile in your face Pardon my french but I just wanna say Fuck you Go head tell em why you mad Cause you broke and you sad And ain't no body tryna fuck you So I just wanna say.... F-U-C-K you Kim real Im just sayin what I feel You hoe's faker then a three dolla bill Now the Queens back you already know the deal Only time you gettin burn is when you on the tredmill Ewwww it's like they always on they period Tell em why you mad go on tell how you furious You chicks crack me up don't nobody take ya serious I laughed at em like Eddie Murphy Delirious Listen here don't hate me hate the person in the mirror So please keep that fake ass shit from over here And everybody put your middle fingers in the air And we gon tell them haters Fuck you This is for them hoes that hate Pardon my french but I just wanna say Fuck you This is for them snakes that smile in your face Pardon my french but I just wanna say Fuck you Go head tell em why you mad Cause you broke and you sad And ain't no body tryna fuck you So I just wanna say.... F-U-C-K you FUCK YOU! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Ms. G.O.A.T. Song: Rock On Wit Yo Bad Self Typed by: irun323@aim.com   I rock on with my bad self cuz it's a must Kim blow past hoes tell 'em 'Eat my dust' Cuz um, I gets busy with my bad ass Straight from Brook-lawn, Vietnam, Baghdad Cuz I'ma get you high like that stick-icky one time One verse from the Queen is like sniffin' a line Higher than a fever, ya best believe her This young viva senorita flow tighter than a two-seater Lyrical murderer, I'm servin' these haters like a waitress Back to the basics I got the game in a chokehold, better take a No-Doze Sleepin' on Kim is a no-no (UGH) The capital Q-B, now take it to the E-E I'm bringin' things to light but you still can't see me I flows like the monthly you can't cramp my style Can't take the pain here's a Motrin child You already know it's Ms. G.O.A.T Numero U-N-O, now here we go I rock ruff n stuff though they put me in cuffs But still I (Rock on with ya bad self) I rock ruff though these punk niggas talk too much But still I (Rock on with ya bad self) Think ya hotter than me? YALL STUPID Ain't no doubt about it I'm the UNDISPUTED Lyrical champion, dough I stack it My verse crazy I write with stray jackets You can't hack it, some try to backstab I drive by them haters while they try to flag cabs Hate to brag but fuck it why shouldn't I 'Gini with the top off, why wouldn't I I was tought by the streets so how couldn't I See right pass niggas like BIG's crooked eye BOOM! BAM! GOT DAYYMMM! I'm hittin' so hard I be shakin' the land KIM GET IT CRUNK Like the speakers in ya trunk, got you feelin' drunk Off the rhythm that I give 'em Spit that venom, in 'em, honey girl be killin 'em Yea, I put that on my unborn kids Kim run this shit, man you know what it is I rock ruff n stuff though they put me in cuffs But still I (Rock on with ya bad self) I rock ruff though these punk niggas talk too much But still I (Rock on with ya bad self) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Alicia Keys Album: Ms. G.O.A.T Song: No One (Remix) Typed by: ayame_tenshi@hotmail.com [Lil' Kim] Yeah, this goes out, to that dude Yeah, you know who you are I love you baby, where do I start? 'Cos words can't explain the love I feel for you, nobody can't change it When I was falling you ain't let me hit the pavement you bright up my life baby, you my Las Vegas My sunshine on my rainy days (rainy days) a little love from you take the pain away (pain away) When I'm feeling stressed out, depressed, without a doubt On my worst days, you bring the best out Even when we break up, that's for the make up Sex be the best, for days we be laid up He even cook me breakfast on 'a wake up I swear it's like a fairytale made-up Bonnie & Clyde, noone can separate us And we gon' ride out til' the feds come take us (yeah, yeah) My King, I'm his Queen, 1st Lady Us against the world, just me and my baby [Alicia Keys] You & me together, through the days and nights I don't worry cos' everythings gonna be all right People keep talking, they can say what they like But all I know is everything's gonna be all right No one, no one, no one, can get in the way of what I'm feeling No one, no one, no one, can get in the way of what I feel for you, you, you Can get in the way of what I feel I know, some people search the world To find, something like what we have I know, people will try, try to divide something so real So til' the end of time I'm telling you there ain't no one No one, no one, can get in the way of what I'm feeling No one, no one, no one, can get in the way of what I feel for you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Black Friday Mixtape Song: Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Shit is all different now man Back then, they used to pay homage For pavin the way, for makin it easier to do what they do now But what they do now? They run their mouth But you know what? Actions speak louder than words [song from "Coming to America"] She's your queen to be A vision of perfection An object of affection to quench your royal fiiiire Completely, free from infection to be used at your discretion Waiting only, for your DIRECTION!! Your queen, to, beeeeeeeeee! Queen, to be A queen to be forever to quench your royal fiiiire [repeat 3X] She's your queen to be A queen to be forever to quench your royal fiiiire [Outro] Young Big Mike the Ruler Queen Bee Lil' Kim Black motherfuckin Friday The talkin is over ladies and gentlemen Fendi roll them drums The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Black Friday Mixtape Song: Pissin On Em Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] New! Lil' Kim It's called Pissin On Em You know what we doin here Let's go Big Mike [Chorus: Lil' Kim] Shitted on 'em, I'm just pissin on 'em Spittin on 'em Put-put-put-put your middle fingers in the air if you did it on 'em Shitted on 'em, I'm just pissin on 'em Spittin on 'em Put-put-put-put your middle fingers in the air if you did it on 'em [Lil' Kim] I just shitted on 'em All these bitches is my pets I keep a tight leash around thy necks Bitches try to bite, take they ass to the vet Put em right to sleep like they popped a Xanax Uhhhh~! Ye-ye-ye-yeaaah, I be shittin on 'em {*hachs loogie*} Spittin on 'em Kimmy go in, I go extra hard I swipe your whole life with my debit card [Lil' Kim] The Lamborghini turns into Megatron Got 'em blue in the face, A-A-Avatar I be shittin on 'em, diarrhea You bitches looking burnt, gonorrhea Same bitches throwin shots, but tryin to be her I guess it's all politics, Condolessa I'm the first lady, her majesty Ra-ra-rap's royalty bitch, now you work for me [Lil' Kim] All you clones had your shine like cubic stones Now the show is over, Jenny Jones Toss 'em in the +Lake+ like +Ricki+ bitch And I stay on this money, like a pyramid Yeah, I've been about a check hoe You stole your whole swag, you worse than a klepto I just blow 'em kisses, X and O Got 'em sick to they stomach, Pe-Pe-Pe-Pepto All you bitches is some bums I fill your cup up with change You hoes should be rappin on the #4 train The price of your mother's house I paid for my Range Uhh~! And that's an auto-biography I swear these hoes be obsessed how they copy me Laxative flow, I'm shittin on 'em constantly And I leave a stain like I ain't wipe my ass properly Eww! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Black Friday Mixtape Song: Hustle Hard Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] (Aw shit!) Another day another dollar my homey (It's that Hustle Hard right here man!) You already smell, you know how it go (It's cold outside) Same old shit, just a different day But feel the +Aftermath+, even +Dre+ [Chorus: Lil' Kim] The same old shit, just a different toilet It is what it is, sometimes I cain't call it I need another house - another coop I'm tryin to buy a alley, so guess what I'ma do? Hustle, hustle, hustle hustle hard {*3X*} Closed mouths don't get fed on this boulevard [Lil' Kim] Million dollar deposit Half a mill' in my closet Phantom milky white chocolate If the roof is on then I chop it S1 on my finger But it's still real in that Beemer I just bought the new M6 while they customizin my Gina Can we pull up at your party Maybachs, Ferraris Ducatis 'n Hollys Pink seats in Bugatis Don't nothin move 'til I say so We all about them pesos IRS, nigga we the mob We hustle hard, cocaine dough Gatless 'stead of topless Ain't them bitches solid? My mens bought me that white rose and I ain't talkin flowers Occupied you workers What'chu worry about what I'm earnin? Money I keep burnin As the world keep turnin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Fabolous Album: Black Friday Mixtape Song: Killin Em Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Biggie Smalls] Where Brooklyn at? {*4X*} [Intro] Let's touch the pavement quick This shit right here is for the whole East coast [Chorus: Fabolous] You whassup girl, ain't gotta ask it I dead 'em all now, I buy the caskets They should arrest you or whoever dressed you Ain't 'gon stress you, but I'ma let you know Girl you be killin 'em, you be killin 'em {*3X*} Girl you be killin 'em, uh uh OHHHHHHH!!!! [Verse One: Fabolous] You ain't gotta worry 'bout her, shorty straight Been chasin her for two days, First 48 A bad bitch cost, she worth every cent She look like the best money that I ever spent Just watchin my cutie pie get beautified Make me want better jewels, a newer ride Louis Vuitton shoes, she got too much pride Her feet are killin her, I call it shoeicide Ha ha, lookin good has it's sacrifices Chilly weather bring four figure jacket prices Her body nice, face dime Give you that iPhone 4, face time Shorty in the streets, still handle the home Enough class for wine, still handle Patron When them other hoes call I hand her the phone And she hand 'em the tone, uh uh OHHHHHHH!!!! [Verse Two: Lil' Kim] It's Kimmy Blanco, fly girl mercenary See the closet like a chinchilla cemetary Dade-saus made out of crocodiles You couldn't find these shoes on forensic files (Girl you be killin 'em) dirt nap time CPR couldn't bring 'em back, flatline Polo cardigan, when I yacht cruise Michael Kors shades, Louis Vo shoes I'm the new trend, I'm what's in You hoes out of season, Kim's the reason Gucci bicycle, I'm ridin on your broads Prada backpack, mountain climbin on you broads Dior mascara, Leron lip gloss Creamy 101, I teach you how to floss Killin 'em like an abortion place Somebody wrap they casket in caution tape (It's done here~!) [Outro: Fabolous] You be killin 'em (Had to let you know) You be killin 'em You be killin 'em, girl you be killin 'em, uh uh OHHHHHHH!!!! (All the ladies, to all the ladies) You be killin 'em (I like to congratulate you) You be killin 'em (Congratulations) You be killin 'em, girl you be killin 'em  And you just came from the gym clothes In a fitted cap and some Timbos And a pair of flats well trimmed toes Camera in the mirror BBM pose Still killin them hoes, you still killin them hoes You still killin them hoes, uh uh OHHHHHHH!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Keri Hilson Album: Black Friday Mixtape Song: Kimmy Girl Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Black Friday season... long awaited... (Do the Kimmy Girl rock) Kimmy whattup baby? (Do the Kimmy Girl rock) You know what it is... What's my name? [Lil' Kim] My name is Kimmy, flyer than a Frisbee Boys comin at me wanna see me in my mickies Might do a little datin, like my girl Chili But I'm already taken, married to Mr. Benji Wetter than a river, sweeter than a Swisher My Jimmy Chus cuter than the girl that's wit'cha Everybody's starin, might as well take a picture Mail to the haters, now sing it with me ladies [Chorus: Keri Hilson] All eyes on me when I walk in No question that this girl's a ten Don't hate me cause I'm beautiful {*2X*} My walk, my talk, the way I drip It's not my fault so please don't trip Don't hate me cause I'm beautiful {*2X*} [Lil' Kim] It's only one QB, Bed-Stuy beauty If looks was a killer, I'd probably be an uzi They be hatin on me cause they men tryin to pursue me I'm somethin exotic, she's hardly a cutie I'm flyer than a G6, sweet like peaches Bottom like an apple, I know you wanna eat it He got a huge appetite and I'm the one to feed it I'm Michael Jackson +Bad+, tell that other bitch to +Beat It+ [Lil' Kim] CT, D.C., do the Kimmy Girl rock Yeah, uhh ATL and Miami, New York to L.A. All my girls, let me hear you say Ahh, uh-huh, do the Kimmy Girl rock Yeah, uhh All over the worrrrld, all over the worrrld If I forgot y'all please don't be mad at me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Black Friday Mixtape Song: Gimme Brain Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah (touchin all five boroughs with this shit) Step into my rainforest (Shout to Amadou out there) Step into my rainforest Yeah only for the sexy people (It wouldn't be right if I didn't touch it) Step into my rainforest Yeah, yeah Step into my rainforest, uh-huh You see, I'm wet [Lil' Kim] Step into my rainforest I'm tryin to see who gon' make it make it rain on this, tornado pussy Can you make it monsoon, honeymoon Now we fuckin like a bride and groom You want a taste of honey? I need to see the money You wanna see the spread? You gotta spend some bread Them racks in your pants, that'll make me dance Now fill the bag with cash, come on hop up on this ass Make it rain trick Make it, make it rain trick Make it rain trick Make it, make it rain trick Gimme brain trick Gimme, gimme brain trick Gimme brain, make it rain Gimme brain trick (I'ma need some brains bitch) {*2X*} (Need some brains bitch) (I'ma need some brains bitch) (I'ma make it rain bitch) {*2X*} (Make it rain bitch) (I'ma make it rain bitch) [Lil' Kim] This kitty ain't for rowboats, even Titanics get washed away He put his head between my legs and he washed his face Come and scuba dive, inside my deep blue sea Wanna ride this tidal wave? You gotta pay a fee Lick on the clit, I'll lick on the dick Ride or die bitch, I sit on the shit Can't get it wet, I spit on shit Spit on spit on spit on the shit Suck it up sit back on the dick Doggystyle back it up on the dick Get a grip on them hips, bite on my lips Take it out, cum right on my tits You want a taste of honey? I need to see the money You wanna see the spread? You gotta spend some bread Them racks in your pants, that'll make me dance Now fill the bag with cash, come on hop up on this ass The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Birdman, Nicki Minaj Album: Black Friday Mixtape Song: Grindin Makin Money Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] This my nine to five Still livin how that I like Grindin makin money {*4X*} [talking over Intro] Shit was all good just a couple years ago Ha ha, Birdman, featuring Lil' Kim, Nicki Minaj It's called "Grind and Get Money," let's go [Lil' Kim] I grind all day gettin money Damn it take all day to count the money I'm in the freezer, neck full of icicles I'm a dime, you other chicas need a nickel Who dat in that Phantom - Kimmy! Or maybe in that Maserati or that S-150 Or in that Bugati, you can't fuck with me I do this for my niggaz on the grind There'll never be another me, what you out your mind? I get it poppin when it's money on the line Damn near dropped a house on my wrist for the shine Louboutin, Fendi, Dior all the time I snitched in the Louis store, yeah I dropped the dime Got Baby and Big Daddy Slim on the line The way that we ball, some sayin is a crime But we don't really care, I continue gettin mine Cause this my nine to five [Chorus: repeat 2X] All day, this my nine to five Still livin how that I like Grindin makin money {*4X*} [Birdman] Yeah, just like that brotha Shinin in the do', CM.. B Back on my stunna shit, flyer with a extra clip Flyer in the new whip, ball hard the matchin whip Keep my shorty with me shit, make sure she flip that shit Ride around deliver shit, get some of this money shit Hustle all the time and she shine when we hit the bitch Ball in the club every night like we do this shit Uptown soldier, known high roller Brought her tour overseas, now she all over Hurricane hit that bitch, now we had to do that shit Bounce right back in my hood with some new shit Everyday sunshine, keep my tool all the time Blowin out the pound, everyday the money on the grind [Nicki Minaj] Yo, aiyyo, eenie meenie miney moe, I'm pi-pi-pickin hoes to pucker up and kiss my ass under the mistletoe Yes I am about my cake, just call me Entermann's I keep a gentleman, first nine Benjamin Don't mess with Washington, don't mess with Abraham Patty cake, patty cake, better get the bakers man Frosted Flakes is on my fingers Fruity Loops is on my wrist Fruity Pebble, Barbie pendant, don't forget to ice my kiss! Now where my girls at? That stack money That Young Money, that Ca$h Money I work the red carpet, you CLEAN the red carpet Go get your vacuum, don't you get me started~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Black Friday Mixtape Song: Racks Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] New Lil' Kim freestyle, Racks... Shout to the whole ATL, shout to the whole Dirty South Black Friday man, Big Mike Let's go [Lil' Kim] What'chu got? (Racks on racks on racks) What they got? (Racks on racks on racks) What'chu got? (Racks on racks on racks) What they got? (Racks on racks on racks) What'chu got? (Racks on racks on racks) It's cash season and we, comin, to collect Got racks on racks on racks, just count about a hundred stacks Just came from the bank, I'm goin right back Headed to the mall, we gon' spend it all The {?} always call, wood all in my palm Like Blake Griffin I ball, like Chris Paul I ball Like Carmelo I ball, should be playin in the all star Cause I'm a rock star, international rock star No matter where we are, we goin right to top And they {?} by far, dancin on the bar We shinin from afar like these rocks in my {?} Stayin fresh to death VVS's on my neck It's the IRS, and we all about the checks YC... what'chu got? (Racks on racks on racks) What'chu got? (Racks on racks on racks) We got (Racks on racks on racks) S.O.D. (Racks on racks on racks) What'chu got? (Racks on racks on racks) What they got? (Racks on racks on racks) What'chu got? (Racks on racks on racks) What they got? (Racks on racks on racks) What'chu got? (Racks on racks on racks) What'chu got? (Racks on racks on racks) What they got? (Racks on racks on racks) What'chu got? (Racks on racks on racks) [Lil' Kim] New {?} team, Mafia's the King I'm ridin through the A, bumpin that YC Racks on racks on racks, money stand tall like Shaq Still gotta work for the block, still gettin money from the trap It's the IRS and you know we don't play If you spittin candy bars then it's fuckin +Payday+ Quarter brick, half a brick, whole brick, AY~! 20 bricks apiece set the whole clique straight It's more in the oven, we let them pies bake And this is my party so we all eatin cake A Rolly apple red now {?} in my drank Like Cheddar Boy rapped, I keep a trap boy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Lil Boosie Album: Black Friday Mixtape Song: Pussy Callin Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil' Kim] + (Lil' Boosie) I'm your pusher girl, I'm your pusher girl (You ever had a piece of pussy mayne, that be on yo' mind like money?) Lil' Boosie, Lil' Kim be {Lil' Boosie - hold your head you know what it is} {Shout to the whole crew, name of the shit right here is called Pussy Talk} {Aiyyo ladies you know Kim got'cha, let's go Big Mike!} (Pussy, pussy, pussy, that pussy keep callin me) I'm your pusher girl, I've got it Bubonic, a-tomic (get me in trouble, that pussy keep callin me) Yeah, I've got that bomb shit (Get me in trouble) [Lil' Boosie] You ever had a piece of pussy so good and tight That you hear that pussy talkin at night? C'mere, lingerie drive you crazy when she put it on Safe sex but sometimes I hate to put it on Make me moan, grab my back and pull me deeper in She catch 3, I catch 2, now I'm sleepin in Miss Virginia take her time when she hit that head She pull her long hair back and sit between my legs It blow your mind when you got a dime Who rub your nuts when you fuck her from behind I ain't lyin~! Somethin special 'bout her Got me sneakin out the house like a fuckin mouse And that pussy's so wet for me, she my ecstasy Crazy!! Pussy damn near better than your old lady I probably need to stop answerin the phone Fuckin her I'll fuck around and have my family gone She get me right when we fuck, yeahhhhh She put ice on my nuts, yeahhhhh Got me textin and shit, I ain't never text befo' Got me eatin that pussy I ain't never ate befo' That pussy keep callin me (keep on callin me, keep on callin me) Get me in trouble That pussy keep callin me (keep on callin me, keep on callin me) I know I cain't lover her, but  that pussy keep callin me (keep on callin me) (Keep on callin me, keep on callin me) The pussy keep callin me (keep on callin me, keep on callin me) Get me in trouble [Lil' Kim] My pussy on his mind, like a fitted cap He stay on my line, like a phone tap He strung off the cat, he love to stroke it My strawberry haze, he wanna smoke it And she turn into a tiger if you provoke it Watered down pussy, super soak it I leave him solid as a rock, turn his dick to stone You know that kind of pussy, that break up happy homes Like a cockatoo/cock-or-two, I ate up all his bread Addicted to my top, he call it crack head I love his +Doggystyle+, I call him +Snoopy+ His friends say he fiend out, they call him Pookie [Outro - over Chorus] Can't forget, {?} Chris whattup? Luch whattup baby? Big Jeff, Freezo, Noel, Shorty Dupree Elvis, Priest on the boards whassup? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Black Friday 12" Song: Black Friday (Nicki Minaj Diss) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, Nickolye16@aol.com {*Excerpts from Angie Martinez Hot 97 interview with Nicki*} [Angie Martinez] It's funny 'cause you know when asking people what they wanted to know I mean, clearly, you've been having this thing with Kim And, I don't know just thinking about you and where you were from And that you're a rapper and I'm thinking, sure I know things have gotten crazy People are assuming even though you say it's not specifically about her That Roman's Revenge is... [Nicki Minaj] Roman's Revenge? [Angie Martinez] Roman's Revenge is directed at her? [Nicki Minaj] You know, she just really jumped out the window And, you gotta be careful when you pick fights And that's what I've learned in this business, you just never know [Intro: Lil' Kim] SHUT THE FUCK UP!!!!!!!! [Verse One: Lil' Kim] Who the fuck want war!!! Fed-Ex beef straight to your front door It'll be a murder scene I'm turnin Pink Friday to Friday The 13th Aight you Lil' Kim clone clown All this buffoonery that shit stops now!!! Time for you to lay down I'm sick of the fraud I'll put hands on this bitch like a spa massage We all know your last name is what got you your job You's a put together gimmick somethin like a collage Since you puttin on a show you 'gon get the applause (CLAP CLAP) Lift your frame like a fuckin garage!!! (YEAH!!!) This hood shit you and Drake ain't built fo' This the shit the other bitch almost got killed fo' I'm still countin what Hardcore generated Bet my shit keeps spinnin like it's syndicated Corny broad I'll leave you bloody like you menstruated Your hot air ass bitch should've been deflated  This ain't a championship fight I been the greatest See the fact is what you doin I did it Lames tryin to clone my style and run with it That's cool I was the first one with it You's a Lil' Kim wannabe you just hate to admit it I'm the blueprint, you ain't nothin brand new Check your posters and videos, you'll always be number two I've seen 'em come, I've seen 'em go, still I remain Sweetie you goin on your 14th minute of fame I'm over ten years strong still runnin the game Cut the comparisons I'm in the legendary lane Fightin for a spot child please I'm solidified  With my hands tied you couldn't beat me if you bitches tried Either you're high or sippin that shit Wayne on I get top dollar for whatever my name on Go stick your head in a tornado, brainstorm I drop bombs, Flex, napalms Black and yellow, will pull up in your ghetto Gisseppe's when I step out, posted up in stilettos Pussy's so pink like my kitty's sayin hello If I whistle they'll pistol whip you in all five boroughs I'm from Brooklyn, I'll be everywhere comfortably Now who pumped you and told you to come romp with me? You the type to run your mouth and then run from me I'm poppin off in your hood with no company C'mon, Queens ain't showin you no love I was there the other night poppin bottles with the thugs You're like Washington heffer, I'm Benji You got a buzz right now and I had a frenzy (Still do) Oh yeah, welcome to the fam, Fendi You need to stop, you're not hot, you're a burnin match That means the end is near soon, copy that? Ohh, I see they really got you gassed like I'm a thing of the past Better slow down dummy, you 'bout to crash Stink pussy hoe! I'm givin you a bath The momma, the hand and I'm comin for yo' ass Ha ha, who you think you gettin past? I see +Right Thru You+, your whole shit is made of glass {*glass breaks*} {*Nicki Minaj's "Right Thru Me" plays:  "You see right through me, how do you do that?"*} I draw back I'm a Brooklyn thorough bitch, rep for my borough bitch Never been the type to have beef and try to settle shit I ride out 'til the wheels fall off And my niggaz squeeze 'til the last shell go off Fuck your whole team, all I see is a bunch of weirdos You's a airhead bitch, scarecrow Ha, ain't nothin old but my money bitch Ha ha, this is grown liquid acid "Benjamins" by Daddy you Young Money bastards You and Diddy, sorry bunch of swagger jackers I mothered you hoes, I should claim you on my income taxes Bobby Fischer in the flesh, talk about a great So on my next move, I'm yellin CHECKMATE! {*sniffs*} I smell a massacre! I'm Charles Manson, you don't stand a chance with her Jeffrey Dahmer and you lookin like lunch to me 'Bout to kill all you bitches like Ted Bundy Leave your whole head red like Peg Bundy You're hilarious, thanks for all the laughs! You're garbage, so I'm takin out the trash You, shit on me? C'mon baby girl Ain't enough ass shots in the world You're a nuisance, you probably steal my new shit But you could never fuck with me so chuck it up, deuces! All around the world I ball like a ball team I stack chips, call me Mrs. Rothstein Trix is for kids Silly Rabbit, you're my offspring Kim more anticipated than a LeBron ring... {*echoes*} [Outro: Lil' Kim] I mean, I know I know you guys ask me, if, Roman's Revenge was about Kim And, no, it's, not about Kim, actually if Kim thought it was about her I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry I apologize Kim, I, I don't know I just temporary insanity, I lost my teeth and my mind Oh, I, my mind and my teeth, my teeth get in the way of me... literally... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Red Cafe, Rick Ross Album: Black Friday Mixtape Song: Faded Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I got a feelin, a real good feelin I'm gon' be faded The bar is open, we just bought it I'm gon' be faded Let the champagne po-oh-oh-our Po-oh-oh-our, po-oh-oh-our Let the champagne po-oh-oh-our Po-oh-oh-our, po-oh-oh-our [talking over start over Chorus] Ricky Rose', Red Cafe, Lil' Kim Faded Remix, let's go Kimmy! [Red Cafe] Yeah, what else? Damn I look good! Somebody take a photo I runs my hizzouse, you can ask JoJo Yank fitted on, my money on Jeter My girls all dimes, Lou' Vuitton divas I'm fly like an overnight letter Shorty sleep with me make your overnights wetter Better I'm faded (I'm faded) And tonight I'm gon' get wasted See to e'rybody listenin, it's on I'ma get it in I can say whatever I'm a taxpayin citizen Middle finger up, I don't got a conscience I just go hard like the trio from Yonkers Head honcho, kush in the console Bad Boy, now they shook like Cosmo's I'm all that, e'ry day all black That Ciroc on deck, so I'm faded off that [Lil' Kim] Yo, yo, yo yo Bottles on me 'til the whole club faded I'm in the V.I.P. and I'm white girl wasted A rock star, party like Van Halen Phantom come with a chaffeur so I don't valet it Nah~! We celebrate, pour the Rose', let it flow To a new year, new money and some extra O's Let's toast to new cars, fly condos IRS we the Celtics and I'm Rondos Yeah bottles in the air like luggage and jet cargos We keep the champagne comin 'til the bar closed These S1's keep the Dom on chill I just blew 50 like a shady deal I'm faded, me and my peoples we wasted Yeah, yeah Mo' bottles in the V's, cookin up mo' cheese Got a feeling it's gon' be a good night like Black Eyed Peas [Rick Ross] Yeah, it's Ricky Rose', yeah Let me slide on 'em homey It go like this Two homes on the block, each one mill' And this ring on my finger is a +E One+ deal Canary yellow stone, cain't be faded Fatigue bell 45 made for the Navy Y'all niggaz ready to grapple down your building I'm livin chillin, arms wrapped around a Brazilian In the presence of a Don be cautious but calm Cain't be faded, two pills, a charm She licks on my chest, readin tats on my arm Hit her from the back same time her mind blown Speechless, so she scream in silence A real bad boy and all my speeches violent The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: Black Friday Mixtape Song: Lights Camera Action Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] The lights, the lights I'm 'bout to turn up the volume on all y'all Extra high, I want y'all to hear this Turn up the volume on all y'all But you didn't hear everything But you didn't hear everything, but you didn't hear everything If you people real you can have it for the rest of your life We make love honey - all of the lights If you people real you can have it for the rest of your life We make love honey - all of the lights [Lil' Kim] I'm in the bed, legs spread I'm doggystyle, layin on my head Turn all the lights up, I want you to see All inside, you gon' remember me Stick your fingers in, light my cheeba hand Now the lights is out, like you in the party and Imagine afterparty, come celebrate with me We can have an orgy on these ballers and would believe Fat skinny short long you just gotta turn me on Keep it crackin 'til the dawn, broke is how I send 'em home Cop lights, flashlights, spotlights Strobe lights, street lights... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Keri Hilson Album: Black Friday Mixtape Song: Buy U Music Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] (One for the paper, and two for the money) We takin no prisoners, Black Friday baby... Lil' Kim, Big Mike, Big Fendi I don't know what's goin on baby What the hell is goin on baby Used to take me to dinner Used to take me shoppin now you askin me for my paper It's my money, boy my money I bet you'll never ever get another dime from me No you can't use the phone, baby I think you need to get your own... [Keri Hilson] Was lookin for a man to hold me down So how'd I end up with youuuuuu? Yeah, baby youuuuuuu And as hard as I try At times it gets hard, payin all these bills The note on the car, so I don't need no broke broke boy tryin to holla holla So baby shut it up, please show me the dollars [Chorus: Keri Hilson] One for the paper, two for the money Brand new bags, new shoes, yeah I want it All my girls, fly girls get money {*2X*} One for the paper, two for the money Nails did, hair did, yup yup I want it One for the paper, two for the money All my girls, fly girls get money [Lil' Kim] Nope I ain't checkin for you broke ass niggaz Kim only checkin for the dope boy niggaz No no no I'm not a go-gold digger I'm just tryin to say I got my own lil' nigga Six-deuce Benz, you know the grown folks nigga Niggaz like stock they got they own vote nigga No middle man, hang your own coat nigga Title to the Ghost, no car note nigga Can't pay my rent wit'cho compliments And I don't need a man with no accomplishments Uh-uh, no whip, no job, no credit Me and you is like Alzheimer's, forget it If you was my sugar, I'd be diabetic Your game like a old book, I already read it It's money on my mind boy and you just a headache I need a man with the full package like FedEx Kim lil' bitches, Mafia La Bella Money old like champagne in the cellar Boy you need to split, like a cigarella You ain't treatin me like a ATM teller So fuck your lil' cheese, I got my own cheddar So when they make it rain I open up my umbrella Dior glass slippers, call me Cinderella Your bank account like these new artists, undeveloped [talking over Chorus] Shout to all the supporters you already know what it is Shout to all the haters equally it's all good @LilKim on that Twitter @BigMikeRuler on that Twitter @BigFendi on that Twitter #BlackFriday man Artist: Too $hort f/ Lil' Kim Album: Booty Call soundtrack Song: Call Me Typed by: Sancha707@hotmail.com (KIM): Hello? (SHORT): It's Too Short baby wassup (KIM): hhmmm mmmm, you tell me (SHORT): Shit, i'm comin out that way tonight, i'm tryin ta get with you (KIM): Oh, really? (SHORT): Wassup, yeah (KIM): You know i waited a long time for this (SHORT): Well look, as soon as i get there i'ma call you aight? (KIM): Bring me what i need? (SHORT): yeah (call me, just call me) (CHORUS) when you need some one to talk to, someone to fuck you (call me) satisfaction guaranteed, (just call me) i'll give you what you need (X2) (SHORT) My plane touches down at eleven forty-five I'm comin thru, want you bout to show you why i got the game from the pimps and players you goin feel me, baby when i get there I'm a give you what you want so i could get what i need we could get hella freaky while we smoke some weed We don't need champagne, fuck the gin and juice these nigga's know what Short Dawg and Lil' Kim can do imagination is a understatement anything you can think of we could make it big money hit records watch us get reckless we butt-naked, we never sexless And when i get there, you know it's time to fuck cuz all night long ain't long enough ta come up it's just us ya wanna know sumthin it's a big dick tight pussy thang make us both cum (CHORUS) (KIM) Everybody know the Queen gettin down and dirty drive you crazy like a 730 it ain't a secret rumors they could keep it You know there's only one ghetto Queen with a guillotine real bitch that carry gats by the spleen Na mean? Some bitch is on the other line, answer that if it's a booty call cancel that you want pure satisfaction i'ma handle that all i need is a candle and the porno channel lubricate the top, now i'm startin to sweat peel my Gucci sheets back so they don't get wet now check it Adjust ya phone volume Lil' Kim is shore ta bring the nuts out ya imagine me suckin blood out ya like a hickey, i love the phone quickie i slip myself a mickey, now thats the proper set off You could reach out and touch ME MCI style Kim and Short fuckin Cali bed sty style Tell me what you want, i'll tell you what i need You could fuck me til i bleed Oh Short i'm bout ta OG (and i like it) (CHORUS X2) SHORT: You say it's cool ta fuck baby jes open up KIM: Well since you showed up what's the hold up? SHORT: The blunts ain't rolled up, let's mix sex with the weed smell KIM: then ride me nigga like you do them V-12's I'll be yo SLK and you can drop my top SHORT: And i'll be all up in the cock from midnight to six o'clock The way you suck dick you off the heez-ay KIM: Get off yer kneez-ay, they say you are what you eat baby SHORT: This ain't no 69 it's more like a 138, everytime we have sex it's  like watchin dirty tapes, yer my personal, private porno star ya wanna see us fuck buy the tape at the corner store Queen Bee gettin stung by Too Sheezee I'm smokin indo, buzzin with the breezee I'll teach you all about the nigga's from the O-A-K we take the money and the pussy cuz we sho' don't play (And i like it) (CHORUS X2) (laughing) (KIM): HhmmmM (SHORT): And I'm lovin it (KIM):HOw much? (SHORT): How much? (KIM): yeah (SHORT): It's like this every time (KIM): I know your good MMMMMMM (SHORT):my dick...in your.... (KIM): is that what you wanna talk about (SHORT): some of this gonna make it on to the record (KIM): talk to me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Kim f/ Lil Ceaser Album: Summertime Shooutouts (DJ Clue) Song: Big Momma Thang ("remix") Verse One: I used to be scared of the dick Now I throw lips to the shit, handle it like a real bitch Heather Hunter, Janet Jack-me take it in the butt. Yah, Jazz whah I got land in the Switzerland, even got sand in the Marylands Bahamas in the spring, baby, it's a big momma thing can't you tell by the diamonds in my rings that's how many times I wanna cum, twenty-one and another one, and another one, and another one 24 carot nigga, that's when I'm fuckin wit' the average nigga word to Shaft, brothers be battin' me and oh don'tya like the way I roll, and play wit' my pussy tell me what's on your mind when your tongues in the pussy Is it marriage  baby carots  shit no, on a dime shit is mine, got to keep em comin all the time Why? Lil Ceas Chorus: repeat 2X killahs be quite my nigga bring the riots tough talk tough walk that shit is tired you wanna be this queen B but ya can't be  thats why you're mad at me Verse Two: Hoes think I'm foul call me the bitch shitter the lyrical gonna take a miracle  like Denise Williams bitches get ill, by the 6 shoota gunz we got a lotta, you can't see me not-a-lot want it raw dog well you best to see Poppa get your tit's licked, wouldn't it be glourous if you you give head to Notorious, then say my crew   you just a wanna be down wit my clique, bitch just a dick suckin nasty ready for some ass let me stress the tattoo on your breats  B.I.G., your rockin my property, P.Y.P. play your position know I got ya wishin you neva started dissin plus I give head better than you pussy get wetter than you, fuck better than you  I dedicate this song to ya ass like R. Kelly and that twin Pac up in your belly Chorus Verse Three: saw a nigga whwh, pussy greases up stack da skeeza, keep em knees up what da fuck stay chillin, pack a million Geneva diva yeah, I throws it down lay around clown the clock steps for no one never 68 and owe 1, takes one to know one better of wit da Playboy magazines uh, fuckin wit da Don pussy tease, here's three for takes yeah I ride crate state to state Lieutenant then it takes mad dimes, from New York to Anaheim While you day dreamin wine, I just keep gettin mine  and I'm married to this Y'all our strategy misses still planin wettins mafio also deadins all that bullshit any type of threatens to pull shit unh, ooh yeah who shot ya, huh who knows but they gotcha unh, fed up, uhh wet up uhh maybe next time keep your head up Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Mona Lisa Album: Don't Be A Menace.... Song: Time To Shine mmmmmm (uhh Junior M.A.F.I.A.) It's my time to shine (peace to all originals) ohhhhh (peace to all those gone) yeah Junior M.A.F.I.A. the click! whooooo Verse One: Lil' Kim Blessed by the God, so I be the Earths Queen Bee Bitch, Poppa keep my rich In gun tottin', keep floatin' in them automobiles Pack with steel, engines filled with Benjamins I got half a mill stashed in the boat station For womenizers and a hand full of hoes that hate me But lately, it seems pople make the world go round From A's to Z, I break 'em down alphabetically Pethtically, I puts the pressure In ya Jones that you fall Motorol burner Flip ya jacks and ya snitch ass back, to the cell of your block HDM lock, and I wish you would stop All that baulin'!, cryin'! .....lyin'! Cause this black Queen is shinin', you didn't know I was Lieutenant Bitch, well that's primary You just a secondary secretary, envy against me Because I stay laced in Ellen Tracey, Dolce & Gabanna And people love me for my style, my personal Niggas got wow, and once I have my chow Bet I just sit back and enjoy, the optimism given from a girl to a boy (that's what it's all about) chorus (Mona Lisa) It's my time to shine Been down for much too long I've gotta get mine JM and Kim keep movin' on It's my time to shine Been down for much too long I've gotta get mine JM and Kim keep movin' on yeah Junior M.A.F.I.A. click yeah Junior M.A.F.I.A. click Verse Two: Lil' Kim We all know what it means to be broke, breaking niggaz off For some ends and weed smoke, some like to mix it with coke Trees I like 'em fine, straight up marijuin' And I'm put the lent in ya dents Then you'll be stressed out with no dollars and no cents Dressed in gear from last year, that you bought Before you quit ya job at the airport Thinkin' you gon' make a mill from this rap game But you labeled as a lame and it's a damn shame No fame, no name, show no shame Who's to blame (tore up in ya frame) Now you wanna lick a shot cause you ain't got Get props, runnin' up in weed spots Just a little gets to make game (make the game) So you put the steam and the jewels in the stash Quick fast, get mad Cause ya man's in my whip, honey button ya lip Cause my click is too dense, it's all about the guns, the ones Just another day that the Earths used the Suns chorus (Mona Lisa) It's my time to shine Been down for much too long I've gotta get mine JM and Kim keep movin' on It's my time to shine Been down for much too long I've gotta get mine JM and Kim keep movin' on bridge (Mona Lisa and Lil' Kim) hey baby it's about time to shine we're movin' on keep it going strong can't stop what's going on hey baby it's about time to shine we're movin' on keep it going strong can't stop what's going on (JM and Kim keep movin' on) chorus (Mona Lisa) It's my time to shine Been down for much too long I've gotta get mine JM and Kim keep movin' on It's my time to shine Been down for much too long I've gotta get mine JM and Kim keep movin' on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: R.L. f/ Lil' Kim, Snoop Dogg Album: Dr. Dolittle 2 soundtrack Song: Do You Wanna Roll? (Dolittle's Theme) Typed by: chris.wilcock@btinternet.com * * send corrections to the typist [Snoop Dogg] It's somethin about the West Coast, that makes me thank the East Eastside! Eastside! And somethin about the West Coast, that makes me bang the beat HELP ME SING IT! [Chorus: R.L.] Do ya wanna roll, in my six fo'? Let's have some fun baby, let's have some fun Oh we'll get low (we'll get low) and dats for sho'! and hop on dubs baby and have some fun, now check us out! [Verse One: R.L.] From when I met you at the roller rink Cotton candy with her Shasta drink Braced with caress that were white and pink All the kissing we did, was on the cheek Remember, like yesterday We'd hop on our bikes and just ride away Knew you'd be mine some how, some day And I'ma say I do [Verse Two: Snoop Dogg] Three, bottles of Moe', doe, models fa sho' We havin a good time avoidin one time Layin in the sunshine its all gravy! Dipped it, hit a switch, what's crackin' baby? Ride with me slide with a double-oh, sip on this moe'moe Get your bubble on, bring your girlfriends All y'all can come along Cause we'll be doin this all summer long In the Cadillac beatin' up some Battlecat Dogg youse a fool baby lemme handle that Oh you don't drink so you don't think You ain't gon' win you don't speak, you ain't no freak cause I can turn you, learn you and burn you up Gimme the cup sit down and shut up! I be damned we done run outta Mo' again Here we, here we go again! [Verse Three: R.L.] I gotta Chevrolet, white walls and them Twenty inch thangs in the coupe with Snoop Gettin juiced orange juice top down And feel the sun rays feelin kinda good right know Right around my hood right now Lookin for somethin to do like a barbecue It's too hot to be in the house A little bit of music and a couple of babes A little bit of drank and a game of spades Take your kids to your mama's house Sure know what I'm talkin bout, it's about to go down! [Verse Four: Lil' Kim] Aight aight, I admit I'm type picky Take trips to Cali, strictly for the sticky I'ma get get it crunk anywhere I go why you smooth haters actin' like y'all don't know From barbecue's to barmitzvah's O.G.'s crack the O.E. while they listen to me Cris' on the table, chronic in the air Come on pass that shit like that's that shit We doin Battlecat pump this in the Sony The Bee showin love to the westside homies Give you somethin you can feel, real recognize the real... Cause it's, cause it's somethin bout the East Coast that makes us wanna squeeze mo' For those that don't think that we ride We gon' show you how we do the damn thing We gon' show you how we do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Junior M.A.F.I.A. Album: Get Money 12" Song: Gettin Money (Get Money remix) Biggie's Talking intro Repeat 6x Mafioso Little Ceas: How you figure that your team can affect my cream Gold and platinum. Black since I stepped on the scene Kn - I mean. Peep the scene: Jacoooze full of women. She hittin me and him and him much love like wembelton While niggaz screamin killa I'm overseas in my villa Wit my masseuse struttin illa frank switch the plan. Cock the Lexus Lan See cutta, Rockafella 4 hundreds and betta Little Ceas push threes with fives in his eyes not that I'm gon cry for Mary Blige I die for my niggaz packin steel Chicken heads with sex appeal reveal sexual acts up in Capone's Ac The Chocolate Dime watch the Mafia shine -unh Girls git your own, can't touch a dime of mine Biggie  And if you don't stop, then we won't stop Continuously to git (git money) You can be as good as the best of them but as bad as the worst so don't test me (get money) You better move over (get money) Little Kim: Big Momma, keys in Tiawana Some call me Donna Karan or Armani Gats for the poonani For brown nose pussy crushers Cap peelin others. Ignorant muthafuckas. Drive a Benz or Miata. This honey's got a sweet peniata. Six shotta Little Kim the Black Erika Caine -in Who remains in Chanel frames and Animals of all kind. Russian Fendi sables with matchin pool tables Read the Label - MAFIA Admirin my shoes by Gucci I be eatin sushi, playin with my coochi Countin lucci. Nigga I got banks to rob Convertable Saabs. I'm married to the mob Biggie  Biggie Smalls: Frank White the desperado Used to rock the all black Movado The all black Eldorado. All that and a bottle of Don P Niggaz can't harm me, I keep the army. Is Brooklyn in the house? - Without a doubt I'm the rapper with clout everybody yap about check it out: guns I bust em Problems with my wife: don't discuss em Coups and lier jets I lust them Finger prints I dust them. Recent address Stuck you for your stash in your pissy mattress Your mom's a actress. Didn't wanna show me the thing It's okay, she was old anyway. I display Hot 97 rhyme ready. Cocked Mac-11, line steady. Like Tevin Campbell I'm ready to do what I do Continuously to git  You can be as good as the best of them... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Lil' Cease, Snoop Dogg Album: How Many Licks (Promo) 12" * Song: How Many Licks (Remix) Typed by: dmxx67@hotmail.com * apparently also on a DJ Clue "Hev E. Components Part 1" album [Snoop] + (Lil' Kim) Yeah (uhh) Whassup baby? (uhh, uhh) You wanna lick sum'in? (This, is, the, G-mix) Don't be scared.. I don't bite Lick sum'in, lick sum'in, lick sum'in (uhh) Get ya lick on (This, is, the, G-mix) [Lil' Cease] + (Snoop) (When I'm fuckin off gin I'm invincible) Don't love no hoe (That's my principle) Cause ahh.. (Bitches come) And ahh.. (Bitches go) That's why I get my nut and I be out the fuckin do' Say knick, knack, give ya dog a bone Which one of you broads Cease can take home Cease is a freak, big brown and large Fuck with the hoes, big light and tall It take two to make the thing go right Strip, flash, titties, ass Oh, no, Cease-A-Leo baby All up in that ass, you so crazy I'm a freak from the heart and I'll fuck for y'all And your mouth hit the spot where I rest my balls I pimp to die, and my mob pimp for me That's why Cease never eat chicks for free, you feel me? [Chorus: repeat 2X] How many, hot licks does it take? Mami, how many hot licks does it take (I don't know, I don't know, just keep on lickin it) But how many, hot licks does it take? [Snoop Dogg] Break breakin a bitch Take takin a bitch, to a whole 'nother level and shit Man, I didn't really wanna take her there Because, she kept on pullin on my underwear I don't send for hoes, I pimp for hoes I do this for dis and dose "Figaro, Figaro.." Nigga we got hoes, we got hoes.. we got hoes Fo', five, six, seven.. licks Now mami, lick it again Eight, nine, ten, eleven.. twelve Now tell all your friends Bring Keisha, Evette, and Shamika too Brandy and Sandy and lil' bitty Candy And we doin this all night long Get ya pick on lick on, and your proper freak on [Lil' Kim] (This is the G-mix) Ladies and gentlemen, pimps and hoes I'd like to present to you (This is the G-mix) The winner of the Gangstress of the Year Award Introducin the Queeeeeeeen.. I don't need no introduction, they know who I be Female mack with the gangsta rap How many licks niggaz just not knowin So a bitch like me don't stop flowin My money green and it don't stop growin Ice like the winter and it don't stop snowin M.A.F.I.A., that's the crew that I bang for Grew up in the hood now what the fuck I'm gon' change for Vuitton sweaters wit leathers and amourettas Berratas inside of but still nobody do it better Huh, ya never seen this stroke of genius Put the cleanest meanest lips on ya penis It's like that once you lick the kitty cat Niggaz don't know how to act, leavin diamonds in my ass crack Now all my niggaz now, all my bitches now C'mon like Nelly, c'mon take it down down [Chorus] - repeat to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Jay-Z Album: How Many Licks 12" (Promo) Song: Queen Bitch 2 (Remix) Typed by: chris.wilcock@btinternet.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lil' Kim] Listen to the don There's nothing you can do To make me run away from this game here, this game here And there is no emcee To put the competition to Kim no, Kim no Yes I'm telling you from the start I will break your little heart (uh huh) There's nothing you can do So just respect the don There is no word you can say That it would offend the Kim no, better listen I'm gonna, murder them, murder them Any competition I'm gon' murder them I'm gonna, blow off they whip blow off they whip All you frontin' emcees, I'm gonna, blow off your whip When I'm gone, you will appreciate my shit When I'm gone, you'll wanna spit my lyrics But I'm gwan, I'm not gon' put up with this I swear to God, you jealous niggas make me sick See, I ain't got all day Some-fuckin'-body gon' pay Got things to do and places to be I'm 'bout to take back what's owed to me Live from Bedford-Stuyvesant The livest one, we right here, we right here, we right here [Jay-Z] All y'all, let it go, no disrespectin Hov' Four years since Doubt drop, eleven million records sold Five nigga, volume two Dogs who be grinnin, then they Try to get out of line, four cases pendin' Three niggas got it coming, say May-June Six albums dropped cock-suckers stay tuned It's Jay everyday, no days off No jewels drippin' and I took the shades off You wanna ruck with me? Slug you one comfortably Put you back where your stomach should be (ill) I'm dangerous when tempted, best left alone Best believe the gun got Tourette Syndrome Beretta sounds like 'Berreepp' when it's thrown You're heading for a cold place, youngin', dress warm Too much hustle, too easy to touch you Little fucks you, go play PS Jay, PS B-R-double-O-K L-Y-N, stay out my way Me and P.S. L-I-L to the K I to the M, B.I. to the end Chorus: [The Notorious B.I.G. (sampled)] Pardon my French, but uh Sometimes I get kinda, peeved at these Weak emcees, with these Supreme balla like, lyrics I call em like I see them G You niggas sound like me Pardon my French, but uh Sometimes I get kinda, peeved at these Weak emcees Y'all niggas got some audacity You sold a million, now you half of me Get off my dick, kick it bitch [Lil' Kim] Love for BI? Then bust one in the sky Haters watch your back We might bust one in ya eye It's going down tonight So don't get outta line Enough men've tri-ed But 'nuff men-a di-ed Biggie crowned me, Miss Queen Bitch forever Even left me this thrown and an iced out tiara What?! What the fuck, who the fuck, wanna fuck With this Brooklynite bandit Blow you off the planet This girl, never troubled no-one But if you trouble this girl It gwan bring-a bum bum (wha?!) What a bum bum Repeat chorus til fade w/ Kim: Bum bum BI bum bum What a bum bum What a bum bum The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Junior M.A.F.I.A. Album: I Need You Tonight 12" Song: Realms of Junior M.A.F.I.A. Part II Typed by: SkrachVynl@aol.com Chorus: Lil Caesar One two y'all, you know I rock ya Step in the realms of Junior M.A.F.I.A. *repeat x2* One two y'all, uh, uh Easy livin, bitches givin pussy like it's free My GS3 gleams perfectly Lil Cae's get flour like the stems Land's and Lexus' flexed with the M-A-F-I-A Blunts make my day Friday to Friday stay-be baby plus stylus, sippin on Berry's iris My windfall- be rich by sixteen Swimmin in CREAM, fuck a dollar and a dream Saw her knockin all ho's, dancin a machine, uhh True bawler, bitch case might call her A little shorty but I like my bitches taller Nastiest, the flashiest, you got bust past your shit while Big fuck your bitch Uhh uhh, while your nigga take flicks Uhh yeah Junior M.A.F.I.A. clique Chorus: Cheek Del Vec One two y'all, you know I rock ya Step in the realms of Junior M.A.F.I.A. *repeat x2* One two y'all, uhh uhh uhh Verse 2: Cheek Del Vec I admit back in the days I did stupid shit Now I changed, I'm in to bigger and better things like rockin Cuban change, bitch copped the range Del Vec was set with the Lex and diamond rings Pop Moet with my bitch when it rain Drink away the pain, got mad stress on my brain A little nigga rolled for dough Copped ki's across seas and sent a memo from a Cuban kid named Sallio selled mad pulito Coppin 'bout four bricks then I called Nino Meet me at the airport, feds is on the stalk Almost got caught cause the dumb bitch talked How much you makin? What we're doin, wouldn't live that How much my V cost and where my cash stash at But the feds still couldn't get nuttin JM I'm still stuntin and frontin Chorus: Lil Kim One two y'all, you know we rock ya Step in the realms of Junior M.A.F.I.A. *repeat x2* One two y'all, uh, uh Verse 3: Lil Kim Time to make moves, and cruise to the bodega Grab enough G's while niggas master the Sega In the crib getting high all night Whippin all on you vics clique feel tight So you say "Whose, Little Kim, the hit chinquer" Pull the grass, fast cash and money maker Do you deal well it's the female  Mafia Member, whippin that ass in December, remember Terrified of this goddess, who be that artist Hittin dick the hardest, Anne Klein don  Coochie cutie, Chanel number 9 for the booty, now you wanna stare?  This butt's for studs all the rocks that I wear Ice just be freezing while I'm breezing, it's the season For Land Cruisers, drug users All around me Junior M.A.F.I.A. steam on Strap up 'fore these niggas act up, uh And I'll be sittin at the top  While you takin all your rate out state In 8-5-0s I, be sippin Moey in the sky On the way to the Bahamas in silk pajamas, with all the Big Mama's Yeah and for you jealous ass hoes, I keep a rose in my clothes Uh and there it goes Chorus: Larceny of the Snakes One two y'all, you know I rocked 'cha Step in the realms of Junior M.A.F.I.A. *repeat x2* One two y'all, uh uh Verse 4: Larceny If I told ya once I told ya twice Love take ya life with this shot gun  Another game over night Ask my wisdom I gets up in them Quickly make straight niggas Turn strictly dickly Got fucked by the buck wild Juve Screw me, can't a nigga do shit to me I rep tillit, snake bitch feet it Larceny I steal it, change more for villit nigga Keep your money in your pocket, watch me rock it Slinging drugs on the corner What's you bank stop it, 9s I cock it Armed robberies, don't ask me why you girl's slobbing me I'm schoolin niggas while your straight foolin niggas Niggas frontin, I'm straight blood poolin niggas Doin ya'll niggas "Un guard" you aint hard Ya'll niggas cotton balls, I'm stickin all of yall The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Mobb Deep, Mr. Cheeks Album: The Jump Off (Remix) 12" Song: The Jump Off (Remix) Typed by: JrRogers@eastlink.ca * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Lil' Kim] (Mr. Cheeks) Whoa! (Whoa!) Whoa! (Yo', it's goin' down now) Aiyyo Tim man this the G-Mix right here man! (Jump off!) Whoa! (Whoa!) Whoa! (Whoa!) Whoa! (Queen Bee, Mobb Deep) [Verse 1: Lil' Kim] I been gone for a minute now I'm back at the remix Lil' Kim, Mr. Cheeks, M-O-B mix Pump the Jag, come through in the V6 By the end of the night, I'm in the G5th All we wanna do is dance The way I eat tracks, call me Ms. Pac-Man And if the fans don't fit in the minivan Murk out in somebody's Sedan You thought the Sprite can was off the meter Imagine what I'd do with a two litre You see my nipples gettin' hard through the wife beater Fuck the tele, we can do this in the two-seater Got every color diamond in the cross I ain't scared to crossover, ya'll niggas is soft My man follow me everywhere of course To hear my theme music, muthafuckin' "The Jump Off" [Chorus: Lil' Kim & Mr. Cheeks] This is for my peeps, with the Bentleys, the Hummers, the Benz Escalades twenty three inch rims Jumpin out the Jaguar with the Tims, keep your bread up (It's the Jump Off) And live good, East coast West coast worldwide All my playas in the hood stay fly And if your ballin let me hear you say right (Right) (It's the Jump Off) [Verse 2: Mr. Cheeks] Ayo, I do it no other way but the live way Hoppin' in my truck, brand new Porsche in driveway How I'm livin', ball out 'til I fall out Brawl out, bitch niggas we call out I run with a mean pack, sticky green jack Mobb Deep and 'em, we fam, got the Queen back Peep the situation, the jump is jumpin' off I'm on the low in the cut touchin' somethin' soft Ain't nothin' like it, sex, weed and cash I love gettin' smashed, I love hittin' ass Floss back, smells good and toes out Bought the bottles of Hen rock, and Moes out Every spot we go in, it blows out Queen Bee got hot shit, yeah no doubt Listen, we keep it poppin' in here Ain't no stoppin' in here [Verse 3: Havoc] It's the Jump Off remix with Mobb up on it Since Quiet Storms niggas had them blocks, had them corners Them glocks, them revolvers, them problem solvers Niggas fallin' in love with these hoes and fallin' Yo', this is Havoc talkin' to a professional nigga Talkin' 'bout guns, though he just ain't credible Come to sets with Lex and the duke And here's the catch, if you never had that itch You won't squeeze for the scratch You know how many in the hood bleedin' for that While you talkin' out your ass and are weak with the tech Lil' Kim is still that bitch Burn everything I love, let a nigga stunt on me and the grub We hide up in back of the club, you know we got a mint Somethin' to make a shotie look like a Snub Shorty if you ain't jumpin' it off, the fuck out The last ain't you ain't leave, buggin' the fuck out [Verse 4: Prodigy] My whole life is one party with millions of jump offs And Bunsy called before a nigga jump off Niggas wife be the next man jumped on She pissed at you, the man has some fault All she wanna do is feel loose And free to be herself, we fuck like animals There's a celebrity orgy at the crib Call Kim and the mo'fuckin' Beehive crew They got the whole bar and me armied Too much pussy, nigga be drunk of punnani A Brooklyn-Queens thing, when we get it poppin' Gun fire couldn't stop us from rockin' Certain niggas can't live they life They can't party with us, 'cause they scared of they own kind We in the jump off everytime Like eight or nine deep with them things and the whole nine [Outro: Mr. Cheeks] It's jumpin' off like that now Queen Bee, she back now Yo yo, Mobb Deep, Mr. Cheeks Ayo it's goin' down like this man The party's jumpin' off The G-Mix, the G-Mix The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim, Lil' Cease, Notorious B.I.G. Album: Not Tonight 12" Song: Crush On You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Lil' Cease Undeas (uhh... uh-huh) Lil' Ceaser (uhh... uh-hah, Queen Bee) Uhh (uh-huh, that's me) Uhh, check it (Lil' Kim) Verse One: Lil' Cease Yo I be buyin em V's, so all my girls be eyein Cease Comin backstage, dyin to get pleased You got me, I rock thee, Versace and linen While you stop your grinnin wit bunch of foxy women Why you speed ball with cards, that's invalid I get clothes, custom made, from a stylist Cruise in my Lexus Land with no mileage While you walk the street until your feet get calloused Take you on a natural high, like a pilot It be all good, toss your clothes like a salad When it's all over put your vote in my ballot It's my diner, I'm Mel, and you're Alice Spend a night, in Lil' Cease palace It be all good as long as you don't act childish While you standin there with the Crist' in your cup If worse come to worse keep this on the hush, uhh   Hook: Notorious B.I.G. I know you seen me on the video (true) I know you heard me on the radio (true) But you still don't pay me no attention Listenin to what your girlfriends mention He's a slut, he's a hoe, he's a freak Got a different girl every day of the week It's cool, not tryin to put a rush on you I had to let you know that I got a crush on you Verse Two: Lil' Kim Aiyyo shorty, won't you go get a bag of the lethal I'll be undressed in the bra all see through While you count your jewels thinkin I'ma cheat you The only one thing I wanna do is freak you Keep your stone sets, I got my own baguettes And I'll be doin things that you won't regret Lil Kim the Queen Bee, so you best take heed Shall I proceed? (Yes indeed!) I'ma throw shade, if I can't get paid Blow you up to your girl like the Army grenade You can slide on my ice like the Escapade And itchy-gitchy-yaya with the marmalade Who me? Not you, oh yes, who's he? I even dig yo' man's style, but I love yo' profile Whisper in your ear and get you all shook up But don't blush, just keep this on the hush   Hook Verse Three: Lil' Cease, Lil' Kim While you tryin to catch Sea Breeze, I'm in the PV's All chrome D3's, decked out TV's CD's with crazy bass, keep my lady laced Don't be fooled by the baby face I hope ya not, cause your thighs got me hot Only one plan, that's to rise to the top I told you before, when I first pursued I want a interlude, in the nude You know I love the way you feel-a, sip my tequil-a Works from the dealers, all in chinchila Heat up the clutch, seven-fifty deluxe Then we speed down the hutch, breakin trees in the dutch I'm not the one you sleep wit, to eat quick Want a cheap trick? Better go down to FreakNik You got to hit me off, buy this girl gifts of course So I look slick, in my six, with my Christian LaCroix   Hook (repeat 4X to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Andrea Martin, Lil' Cease, Trife Album: Money Talks soundtrack Song: Money Talks Just Tim-baland, and Lil' Kim (na na nahh-nah) Just Tim-baland, and Lil' Kim (uh, uh-huh, what) Just Tim-baland, and Lil' Kim (na na nahh-nah) Just Tim-baland, and Lil' Kim (uh, uh-huh, what) Yo, yo yo yo, this joint is strictly for heavyweighters not them playa haters, knahmsayin? Cause in the Commission, you ask for permission to hit em, uhh Verse One: Lil' Kim My man Blake flew me to the Erie Lake Introduced me to this heavyweighter, called hisself Drake First mistake, Jesus piece was fake But wait, he got singles in his cake, I ain't fuckin with him Number one rule, always keep your cool, even though you ain't a fool, and you see right through the nigga, how he figure? If he holdin less than six He gonna get the seven digits or visit, numbers in my Wizard? Duke ain't even worth the space Glass shoes and igloos put him dead in his place Damn Blake, can't tell this cat is a snake? I got 20/20 vision (uhh) funny money vision (uh-huh) No dough, no show, dodo, that's a no-no Just some famous words from the late Frank White I blink right, if your bank tight Duke wanted me to work for him, even flirt for him Wear a short skirt for him, he don't know I'ma end up hurtin him at the end of the day Shit, I got bills to pay, and it ain't my fault If money talk and bullshit walk, round one Chorus: Andrea Martin I'm in love wit ta mon, nearly twice my age I want to give it up anyway, because it more pay More time, more money, have it your way (repeat 2X) Know de money and the lovin is my style Me a forget it tonight Verse Two: Lil' Kim Mmm... uhh, UHH, uhh, uhh The play starts at 8:00, let's hit the venue Invited his man, and some bitch named Kendall Tried to style on em, shoes with the crocadile on em But the nigga still was corny, he bore me His preference was more sorta like soccer Me, I do operas with the Mali and the vodka out in Cali gettin proper, and I, betcha fifty My whole commitee stay shitty ask Smitty with the Desert E's One glance at the Benz-y make ya freeze Please, I got a mil on these, whatchu talkin? I... hate this nigga in the worst way And I didn't wanna be here in the first place But uhh, It's just vendetta for my man Do anything for the fam, I'ma go along with the plan Tryin hard not to throw him off And I know he soft, when I cough, it's to cover up a lie and the lie keep me full of empathy So when I shit on this nigga, he gon' still pamper me I see, this nigga ain't about nuttin, cause he keep frontin He must be up to somethin, round em up, here I come Uhhh Chorus Verse Three: Lil' Kim, Trife, Lil' Cease As the evening winds down, I'm making sure that my milli got rounds, plane ticket back to town, now I picked the place, Umberto's of course it's Italian where they confiscate, burners in they office Metamorphis anywhere, any year, who dare They the mob and they don't care, and I swear, while I'm contemplatin thinkin about later Here come the waiter with the phone in the tray, anyways "Is there a Queen in the house?" How could he say this out his mouth? I'm the only black chick with diamonds this thick, hopin it's my nigga Blake C. Cause sometimes these cat's like to fool you Check it, let me school you Remember when I said those niggaz robbed Leo Rolled on him, stuck him up in the black Geo They was creole, used to be a tight trio Til one fled with the dough, what's his name? (Rio!) I was a girlie lover, smooth undercover Played they hoes in tight clothes like they was no other Dumbin like the Jungle Brothers, til they caught me for my gems All I'm sayin is what he did to me, do it to him, is you straight? [Lil' Kim] You late, duct tape and cable rope Once I wrap it round his throat it's all she wrote, uhhhwha (oh oh) nah nah nah nah (oh oh) whookie whookie whooooo! (oh oh) (oh oh oh) nah nah nah nah (oh oh) wha! (oh oh oh) nah nah nah nah (oh oh) (oh oh oh) nah nah nah nah wha [bullshit walks, money talks] (oh oh oh) nah nah nah nah wha [bullshit walks, money talks] (oh oh oh) wha uh nah nah nah nah [uh, gotta get that money man, moeny talks] (oh oh oh) nah nah nah nah wha [bullshit walks, money talks] (oh oh oh) nah nah nah nah wha [bullshit walks, money talks] (oh oh oh) wha uh nah nah nah nah [uh, gotta get that money man, moeny talks] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Christina Aguilera, Missy Elliott, Mya, Pink Album: Moulin Rouge Soundtrack * Song: Lady Marmalade Typed by: dmxx67@hotmail.com * first single/video from Moulin Rouge Soundtrack [Lil' Kim] Where's all mah soul sistas; lemme hear ya'll flow sistas [Intro] Hey sister, go sister, soul sister, flow sister Hey sister, go sister, soul sister, go sister [Verse 1: Mya] He met Marmalade down in old Moulin Rouge Strutting her stuff on the street She said, "Hello, hey Joe You wanna give it a go?" oh Itchy gitchi yaya dada (hey hey hey) Itchy gitchi yaya hee (hee oh) Mocha chocolata yaya (ooh yeah) Creole Lady Marmalade (ohh) Voulez-vous coucher avec moi, ce soir (oh oh) Voulez-vous coucher avec moi (yeah yeah yeah yeah) [Verse 2: Pink] He sat in her boudoir while she freshened up Boy drank all that magnolia wine On her black satin sheets Is where he started to freak, yeah Itchi gitchi yaya dada (da da yeah) Itchi gitchi yaya hee (ooh yeah yeah) Mocha chocolata ya ya Creole Lady Marmalade, uh Voulez-vous coucher avec moi, ce soir (ce soir) Voulez-vous coucher avec moi (ooh) [Verse 3: Lil' Kim] Yeah, yeah, aw We come through with the money and the garter belts Let 'em know we 'bout that cake, straight out the gate We independent women, some mistake us for whores I'm saying, why spend mine when I can spend yours Disagree, well that's you and I'm sorry I'mma keep playing these cats out like Atari Wear high heeled shoes, get love from the dudes Four badass chicks from the Moulin Rouge Hey sisters, soul sisters Gotta get that dough sisters We drink wine with diamonds in the glass by the case     The meaning of expensive taste We wanna itchi gitchi yaya (come on) Mocha chocolata (what) Creole Lady Marmalade (One more time, come on) Marmalade (ooh) Lady Marmalade (ooh yeah) Marmalade (ohh) [Verse 4: Christina] Hey, hey, hey Touch of her skin feeling silky smooth, oh Color of cafe au lait, alright Made the savage beast inside Roar until he cried More, more, more [Pink] Now he's back home doing nine to five (nine to five) [Mya] Living a gray flannel life [Christina] But when he turns off to sleep, memories keep More, more, more Itchi gitchi yaya dada Itchi gitchi yaya hee (ohh) Mocha chocolata ya ya (ooh) Creole Lady Marmalade Voulez-vous coucher avec moi, ce soir (ce soir) Voulez-vous coucher avec moi Voulez-vous coucher avec moi, ce soir (ce soir) Voulez-vous coucher avec moi (ohh) Come on, uh [Missy Elliott] Christina Moulin Pink Lady Marmalade Lil' Kim Hey, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Mya Rockwilder baby Lady Moulin Rouge Ooh Misdemeanor here Creole Lady Marmalade, ooh yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ T-Boz Album: Nobody Do it Better Than Us 12" Song: Nobody Do it Better Than Us * Typed by: Prada001@hotmail.com, janis@betatesters.com * This was originally supposed to appear on "Notorious K.I.M."  but was only released promotionally as a single. [Lil' Kim] This is it this is the one That's what I'm talkin' about right here Yo Puff I don't think they ready for this one They ain't ready You ready? No doubt Yea me too Let's do it If gettin' money is a crime then I confess It ain't about money I could care less I used to be a B now I'm a C breast I get em hard you handle the rest My music like heartburn burn your chest Like a nigga stick the axe inside your backs You be like "What the fuck was that shit!" Gimme some more I love my fans Gotta make em dance Would I ever make a whack joint Not a chance Show my male friends call me M&M's Cuz my pussy melt in your mouth and not in your hands Just a bad girl always rockin' dimes With the see-who's-stockin' skaters with the Lizzy's Purpose with the deadbeats Usually spited by my Goldilocks While first movin' flocks I'm movin' drops Cop the Ferrari when I'm roomin' the range Two of the same it ain't a thang pocket the change Now I'm just doin' my thing enjoyin' the fame Why not ain't no other bitches hot in the game 1 - 	[T-boz] 	Nobody do it better than us 	Nobody do it better than us 	Nobody do it better than us 	Nobody do it better than us 	Nobody do it better than us 	Nobody do it better than us Lil' Kim yeah everybody knows me In a class by myself never where the ho's be I just avoid where all my foes be Cuz God damn muthafuckas is nosey Wanna know what I'm wearing What I'm drivin what I'm doin' Where I hang out at who the fuck I'm screwin' Damn I move way out to the boondocks So I can have a little bit of privacy You bought a tiny ass condo Way across the water with a telescope So you can spy on me You clowns belong in the circus Steady tryin' to hurt us Tell me what's the purpose They say I'm prejudice The only presidents that I fuck with Is the ones that's dead Like the big heads Never stingy with my Benji's Got enough dough to buy the West Indies Invest in Fendi's own Laurendi's Start my own doll like Mark & Mindy's Free all my niggas from the penitentiary Yea keep puttin' out records till the turn of the century Repeat 1 You got a 5 and I got a 6 Back it up What's wrong with this picture nigga Pack it up I need a 6 figga nigga (uh huh) Yours is big but mines is bigga Cuz the Benji's is what it's all about Do my ladies know what I'm talkin' about If my shoes cost more than your car Ha don't expect to get far You the kinda nigga that like to plot Call your friends tell em that you hit the jackpot I keep razors in my bras For all you womanizers That's how much I despise it's up I don't get it I ain't wit it Can't see how other woman did it Niggas screamin' gimme Can't get a penny Yea I got plenty But you ain't got any? Now picture me takin' my hard earned money Throwin' it away by spendin' it on a dummy All he gon' do is spend it on another honey I say let the nigga stay bummy I don't need a nigga I jerks it out Take it old school and smurf it out Give me a B and I'll merk it out Niggas know QB gon' work it out Repeat 1 Nobody As we proceed to give you what you need In 2000 baby And we rock on and on All hail the Queen All hail the King BIG forever and we won't stop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim, Missy, Angie Martinez, Da Brat, Left Eye Album: Nothing to Lose soundtrack/Not Tonight 12" Song: Ladies Night (Not Tonight remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {dice shakin} Uhh {dice thrown} yeah Uhh, here's another one, and another one Yeah Lil' Kim, the Queen Bee Verse One: Angie Martinez, Lil' Kim It's ladies night what, it must be Angie on the mic The Butter P honey got the sugar got the spice Roll the L's tight, keep the rhymes right Yo I just made this motherfucker up last night And uhh... I'm the rookie on this all-star team Me and Kim is gettin cream, like Thelma and Louise but on chrome, never leave that Brooklyn shit alone So if you say it's on then it's on Bang this in your whips Pack em call the roadie with the chips in the wrists Here's a french kiss *kissing sound* I dismissed all you chicks split six from the four-fifth Make you dance, ooowwww I stay focused, in the dopest Like a penny with a hole in it, y'all just hopeless And toke this, I ain't lye-in Niggaz tryin to knock me off, keep tryin All it takes is one phone call to my street team Promote that ass, like a soundtrack New Jack Ci-tay  Set It Off with the eighty-fitay Y'all missin the buck, with the fuck Bump Biggie in the trunk and the buck to my thorough bitches Lemme see ya do tha bankhead if ya richest It's the rap Mae West to Q-B And I got all my sisters with me Chorus: Oh this is ladies night, and our rhymes is tight Oh this is ladies night, oh what a night (oh what a night) Oh this is ladies night, and the feel is right  Oh this is ladies night, oh what a night (oh what a night) Verse Two: Left Eye Uhh, never the one, packin a gun Got some other raw chicks for that, lay your ass flat I be the one chockin ya paragraphs, with laughs Getcha back up on the right path Ain't no stoppin me ladies from club hoppin gets my rock on From flavors still frozen at Paradise joint Booty shakin with the glass in my left one Right hand sayin step-son To me my girls is fancy fly bitches Too my niggaz straight snitches, to them other chicos Lady pimp ain't havin that shit If you ain't got the cash to stash, suck my dick hoes Strictly a bell ringer  Lay another finger on this big bad one miss lady rap singer I be the one to blame as the flames keep risin To the top and it don't stop Chorus Verse Three: Da Brat Y'all see, how these bogus niggaz try not to notice the dopest bitches Approachin with good intentions but focusin on they riches If it's, too hot then get the fuck up out the kitchen Niggaz dicks, stay lifted when they thinkin of me Cause the rhythm I kick, puzzle them like arithe-ma-tic Fillin em with, sluggers off the nine milli luger click Bitches bust, we just, keep kickin up dust And you can spread rumors shit is makin me sicker than head tumors Humor me, by huggin me sayin you lovin me Playa phony niggaz be buggin, I can tell cause the thug in me wanna sell drugs and push keys Need to get me mo' of deez, VV's and M3's  Smoke weed from overseas pimped out styled Rol-eys Fuck the police keep my wallet obese Who the, Windy City woman still still comin and gunnin Straight from the Chi Tonight's the night for all the ladies, let's get high! Chorus Verse Four: Missy Aiyyo Kim, heheh, yaknowhatI'msayin ? I ain't even gon' leave without sayin sun'un on this track You ain't gonna use me to just be singin hooks What I look like? Patti LaBelle or somebody nigga? Heheh Check it out, uh huh, yeah Oh what a night  You should be like Missy 'stead of bein like Mike I like to ride pony's instead of ridin bikes Me and Lil' Kim got the rhymes to incite  I gotta catch a flight Aheheh, round three and shit Niggaz can't see us from Elektra to Undeas  Aaaaoooowwww niggaz wanna be us Heh I'm out he, ooh *ladies night, ladies night...* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Phil Collins Album: Urban Renewal (Phil Collins Tribute) Song: In the Air Tonite Typed by: chris.wilcock@btinternet.com What we gonna do right here is go back (go back) Way back (way back)- back into time (into time) Chorus: [Phil Collins] I can feel it coming in the air tonight Oh Lord And I've been waiting for this moment For all my life Oh Lord, Oh Lord [Lil' Kim] Keep still in the shit, killin the rhyme The Queen stay poppin the wine and cockin the nine For those who think they stoppin my dough Wanna copy my show, wha I'm switchin my flow, can't take it no mo' Oh you think I'm playin around I'm layin ya down Album drop, new millenium shuttin it down Better off givin it up, I'm rippin it up Spendin money, livin it up, not givin a fuck Hiding the tote, runnin the coast Makin niggas catch the Holy Ghost I'm realer than most, wha The trendsetter, the Brooklyn repper You know the routine Smoke you like a ciggarette-r We've been, out in a bit Y'all still talkin shit Ain't that a bitch? What part of the game was this? [Lil' Kim singing] Millions I'm holdin' Drop tops rollin' Diamonds on my neck And Bentley ballin' Me and my niggas gettin' high all day Straight to the top, cuz we on our way [Lil' Kim rapping] Comin' for y'all, comin' for y'all That's right I got something for y'all Something for y'all, wha God bless me, look at all I've been through It's my time, I can feel it, can't you? Chorus: [Phil Collins] I can feel it coming in the air tonight Oh Lord And I've been waiting for this moment For all my life Oh Lord Can you feel it coming in the air tonight? Oh Lord, Oh Lord [DJ Clark Kent] JM, JM Lil' Kim, Lil' Kim PC, PC Clark [Phil Collins] Well I remember.. [Lil' Kim] ...back when it used to be the eighties Said the world was gon' end in 2000 (that's crazy) I'm the only thing to fear For the new year New year, and if BIG was here (woo) Get the fans, we the ones to talk We die real on the streets So watch where you walk And you can find me, usually Talkin' dirty to a cat thugged out Or even kinda nerdy Lil' Kim, Lil' Cease and JM Taking over like a plague on a town All y'all can do is pray and watch it go down Like when the ball drop My fam's all I got, we keep it gangsta Comin' for y'all, comin' for y'all That's right I got something for y'all Something for y'all, wha God bless me, look at all I've been through It's my time, I can feel it, can't you? [Phil Collins] Well, if you told me, you were drowning I would not a lend a hand I've seen your face before my friend But I don't know if you know who I am Well I was there and I saw what you did Saw it with my own two eyes So you can wipe off that grin I know where you've been It's all been a pack of lies [Phil Collins] I can feel it coming in the air tonight Oh Lord And I've been waiting for this moment For all my life Oh Lord, Oh Lord I can feel it coming in the air tonight Oh Lord And I've been waiting for this moment All my life Oh Lord, Oh Lord [Clark Kent] Lil' Kim, Lil' Kim JM, JM *fades* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: What's the Word 12" Song: What's the Word Typed by: Gemini_2050@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Yo yo, aiyyo, yo Think it's bout time that I heat y'all up Y'all easy bake oven chicks, eat y'all up Like a ex pill I'm a keep y'all up And y'all ain't stop me from burn y'all just don't learn (What's the word?) She at it again (What's the word?) She in it to win (What's the word?) She back and she's stayin (What's the word?) The bitch ain't playin [Verse 1] And just when y'all thought y'all had the victory The one point game I fucked around and hit a three Swish!!!!! All fuckin net It's the fourth quarter your pourin down sweat Rap's M.V.P. don't you ever forget Since you came in this game are there any regrets? And y'all, dukes are lame don't let 'em back in What? You ain't heard? Keep at it again Yo it's cold at the camp, but I'm in it till it's over Notorious soldier thought I told ya Niggas is pissin me off right now But like that dance, I'm a shake 'em off right now Who's hot and who's not what's rap and what's not Whatever nigga I take your spot and your spot Move work from your block to your block The neighborhood better keep they fuckin door locked Beanie told y'all but I got proof I speak the truth, everytime I step in the booth Uh! Pretty things is all that I mean Better listen to the words that she sings (What's the word?) She at it again (What's the word?) She in it to win (What's the word?) She back and she's stayin (What's the word?) The bitch ain't playin [Verse 2] And now I could see why y'all all on me You need a hot remix you could call on me Niggas do dirty work the shit fall on me But I could hold that weight and still bake that cake We get it on in Brooklyn no lie Bed-Stuy holla back B.I. till I die!!! We get it on in Brooklyn no lie Bed-Stuy holla back B.I. till I die!!! Get money always but I ain't givin up rap Come on now, y'all should know me better than that I mean, this is somethin I'm a veteran at Buy me out, you need more cheddar than that Who's hot and who's not what's rap and what's not Whatever nigga I take your spot and your spot Move work from your block to your block The neighborhood better keep they fuckin door locked I'm the shit I'm the bread winner Who's the bitch I'm the big spinner I give 'em a taste they just want more Word on the street is I'm who they waitin for (What's the word?) She goin for delf (What's the word?) She bout to reinvent herself (What's the word?) She reppin the hood (Yo what's the word?) Yeah the bitch look good [Outro] I'm the shit I'm the bread winner Who's the bitch I'm the big spinner I give 'em a taste they just want more Word on the street is I'm who they waitin for (What's the word?) She at it again (What's the word?) She in it to win (What's the word?) She back and she's stayin (What's the word?) The bitch ain't playin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Da Advokids, Joe Budden, Lil' Shanice Album: What's the Word 12" Song: What's the Word (Remix) Typed by: webmaster@mattv.zzn.com * * send corrections to typist [Intro: Joe Budden] Jump off! The Remix Lil' Kim, Joe Budden Beehive, you see I.... [Verse One: Joe Budden] I'm on the grind, hit Harlem shake me (?) I ain't gotta problem lately, still see me hurting you rappers Low finger on the triggers, all my A-K work with the clappers Listen, anybody trynna rob me for jewels You must've seen that third story shit, you got me confused Go 'head, dukes keep laughin' dudes keep baffin' The only time I box in it, is in a new G-Wagon I ask niggaz to gimme that, had out album, but I want Biggie back Got against you and your faggot kid folk it's just me tearin' up the  disco It's all wrinkle gotta album that's better than your single It's real nigga, you frontin' your homie, you frontin' you phoney You know your boy gettin' done by the One and Only [Hook: Joe Budden] (Lil' Kim) (What's The Word?) He's up to new good y'all (What's The Word?) We keep it so good y'all (What's The Word?) Still movin' the herd (?) Still doin' the third [Verse Two: Lil' Shanice] You know me, Chanel popper boots, sweater to match A house by the lake with this cheddar from raps You see I need respect from the veteran cats They gotta understand I just won't settle for scraps And I'm hotter than I'm hot with a 5 and a 3 And a failure is not what I'm trying to be Uh! I got goals and I'm trying to suceed Understand I got people relying on me That's why I'm trynna be in it 'til it's over A notorious solider, when I'm older Shan is ?buying the sun? that's what I'm gonna do I got see y'all sweatin' every time I come through! [Hook: Lil' Shanice] (Lil' Kim) (What's The Word?) Shanice is what's poppin' (What's The Word?) I'm headin' to the top and (What's The Word?) When I get there I'm stayin' I do alot of jokin' but I'm not playin' [Verse Three: Da Advokids] Far from a role model, I pop and throw bottles Throw hollows out guns, got hoes in the nodels Love hoes that blow and swollow, knew my motto Live life like there's no tomorrow, my time is borrowed First time is borrowed, first shine is borrowed God knows, I got coke from Carlos Caught all them charges, they hyped up provido's The priest in courses in it, the plain close offices No stoppin' my Nacho's Minchaco And with the Roscoe, he pops slow No peace offer between beast in bosses Stay day dreamin' about palm trees and Porsches Blow bomb trees till I'm nauces Rubble air suits and air forces My hair braided gorgeous, from the pain and torchure Fame and the fortune, better think again (?) [Verse Four: Da Advokids] Now I can see why y'all on me You need nigga pop swift you can call on me Fuck, whoever gotta problem I ain't for the face This for homicide when they takin' the case Paper case, hustlin' from night till dawn It's Fourth of July everytime the mic is on I'm burnin' it up, kid gotta buzz on the street You playing yourself, swift suckin' your feet You the reason pigs is doin' twenty sweeps a week Any beef wit' Beehive and I'm twistin' the fifth Never pimp, know everyrule of break a bitch Shells die, look like I'm was jumping outta a cliff (Queen Bee!) Shorty told ya about +Money+ +Power+ +Respect+ And the guns that I can show, correct your step Bunkin' S to the A, just remember the name Matter fact, FUCK THAT, nigga take in your chain [Interlude: Lil' Kim] Aiiyo, who's hot and who's not, what's rap and what's not Whatever nigga I take yo' spot and yo' spot Move work from yo' block to yo' block The neighbour better keep their fuckin' do'r locked [Verse Five: Da Advokids] See we be on a track together it's flaming hot Got trucks custom made, to range a drop We need ta mantain cops and pay the bet We run the streets FUCK what the mayor says! Lotta niggas hate us like Star and Bun Cuz our pockets hold cash like Armour trucks And the arms is tucked, you better back it up Hold your nose, and your face and that be done This is our year, our game, I shine We shine, what's our name Advokids Go against the fam' and I gotta split your wig Treat you like a resta rhyme and spare your ribs [Verse Six: Da Advokids] See I break niggas heads like canaelopes Put holes in your body like vans and cokes Ya niggas broke, y'all hardly paid And I make ya arms hot like my holiday Niggas mad cuz I take their bitch, then break the bitch Make 'em "Roll Out" like I'm Ludacris Chill dawgs, you don't want the parts of me I break their bones you not a thug in harmony You now see Lil' Kim, you ass ain't safer Put the gun to yo' grill and relax your face This haters wanna smoke me nigga Cuz when they see the (?) face it's stiff like Tropheys nigga I spit bars that's hotter than hell And the kids trynna kick more chips than Taco Bell Beat niggas like guards in jail So when ya mom see ya on a box it'll be hard to tell And I sum niggas like ?guargimail? Since you gotta dirty mouth I'mma make you guard the shells, uh! [Interlude: Lil' Kim] I'm the shit, I'm the bread winner! Who's the bitch? I'm the big spinner I'm give 'em a taste they still want more Words on the street is I'm who they waitin' for [Hook: Lil' Kim] (What's The Word?) She at it again (What's The Word?) She in it to win (What's The Word?) She's back and she's stayin' (What's The Word?) The bitch ain't playin'! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B2K f/ Lil' Kim Album: You Got Served soundtrack Song: Do That Thing Typed by: da_only_baller@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Now what they go say Now what you go do, do that thing its on you Walked in the spot and I already picked one My dinner for the night is to get one or two, or three, five, six, seven if you leave it up to me I'm down to get down wit cha Wiggley, Jiggley, turn it all around would ya uhh ohh and let me give the money don't freeze be easy it's cool mommy There you go do that thing for me Let it go from yo head to ya shouldas get a drink and come over After that we go head to the rover Back it up, clap it up, switch it up, change it up Do that thing for me, Do that thing for me Flip it up, give it up, I'mma grip it up, while you rip it up do that thing for me Do that thing for me Give me a minute want a swig of this pimp juice I'mma be in it, when I'm in it there will be no use for games, no games I don't need a lot I got this on lock dog You so down The way you do it babe Put ya back into babe, uhh ohhhh can I get it on I got a lot in mine and that's about time [Repeat Chorus] Say Yo Yo, Say Yo Yo, Uh Uh, Say uh uh say ohh (say) ohh (say) ohh (say) ooh say do that then, do that then put it on me mommy if you ain't scared, say ohh... ohh [Lil' Kim] I make it bounce like my booty was a 64 I'm feelin nice off that Mally and Hypno All eyez on me, Q.U.DOUBLE E. N.B.DOUBLE E yo People scream Lil Kim real loud around me Doin that thing and it's a whole crowd around me Once I get the second one I'm goin' back in DJ bring that joint back again So I can take it to the floor once more before I hit that door like Big Daddy Kane, nigga I get +Raw+ Picture me standing nude by the pool Fool wake up you startin' to drool See I'm down, and I get it in with ya Like the 24's I wanna spin with ya Uhh ohh, you can get it daddy Switch it up, back it up, just for you daddy Back it up, clap it up, switch it up, change it up Do that thing for me, Do that thing for me Flip it up, give it up, I'mma grip it up, while you rip it up Do that thing for me , do that thing for me oooh, Omarion and Lil Fizz, J-Boog and Raz-B T.U.G. and Queen Bee, representin' B.K. and L.A. To the fullest, Chris Stokes we outta here baby, yeah, this is history boy... ya girl Lil Kim you can call me Miss Brooklyn and it's on, and it's on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim Album: ** BOOTLEG ** Song: Diamonds Typed by: Twhite@luca.com * This song was alleged to be on "Notorious K.I.M." but is  not on the final release version; possibly from a bootleg. Uh, uh huh Bad boy, Queen Bee c'mon, c'mon Verse One: Kim If I could make it rain, I'd make it rain diamonds  So all the girls in the world  could keep shrinining From princess cuts to emeralds to H-classes Yeah, I failed math, but bet I passed the E-class Went from Chanel number 5 to two point five The male rol's a resident, every rooms a president With the live in waiters, betcha haters can't match that You're six digits short to catch that Your're net year gross it 20 thow on commission My net week gross 100 mil in addition to to the Dow Jones, Stocks, restaurants out in Rome Plus all the over head and the interest on those loans Chorus: I want diamonds (She said she wants a man- to buy her a Lexuz Land) But that's all right for her But still it ain't enough for me I want diamonds She said she wants a guy To do it to her every night That's all right for her But you gotta go down on me Verse Two: Kim I had bitches rockin the red, yellow and blue wigs Cats in they raps tryin to act like Big Remember when Big told y'all Get Money Remember when Big said play them niggas like dummies Check it If I could separate all the game from the glory I'd rather be with Frank, but that's a different story Cause now a days niggas ain't sayin shit (word) Runnin off at the lips about what they gonna get And what they had in '86 I puts them on the spot Pull out the lab top With the receipt for the yacht What you got? Niggas be mute all of a sudden What, I pushed a button? Shit, that ain't nothin' Bridge:  I don't care if he's young or old Just make him very rich I just want someone that can spend dough  I want diamonds Yes I do And a house that's made of gold There's only one thing better than money Come into my bedroom honey Verse Three: Kim So we can have a drink or two Cosmos, if you ghetto this Buds for you Here's a few So he can be nice When I show him this ice  On my chest  That I bought with his American Express I'm a mess, never-the-less I'm authentic Ninety-nine percent B-K One percent N-J  Excuse me Cause what I'm tryin to say Is if you ain't thorogh Stay out my borough Cause when my gun burn, it's loud like Pairos And when it's your turn, you fold like Gyros And ya'll buy your suits in portions I get mine's from an auction Million dollar dress that belongs to the princess While ya'll shopping at Saks  I been there, done that Copt the sweater and the hat Chorus Bridge  (with adlibs) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Puff Daddy Album: Nobody Do it Better Than Us 12" Song: Nobody Do It Better Than Us (Remix) * Typed by: lionclaw@Bellsouth.net, janis@betatesters.com * This was originally supposed to appear on "Notorious K.I.M."  but was only released promotionally as a single. [Lil' Kim] (Puffy) (Yea) This is it, this is the one (That's what I'm talkin' about right here) Aye yo Puff I don't think they ready for this one (They ain't ready baby) You ready? (No doubt) Yeah me too (Let's do it) [Lil' Kim] If gettin' money is a crime, then I confess It ain't about money, I could care less I used to be a B now I'm a C breast I get em hard, you handle the rest My music like heartburn, burn your chest Like a nigga stick the ax inside your backs You be like, "What the fuck was that shit?!" Gimme some more I love my fans, gotta make 'em dance Would I ever make a whack joint? (Not a chance) All my male friends call me M&M Cause my pussy melt in your mouth and not in your hands Just a bad girl always rockin' dimes With the see-who's-stockin' skaters with the Lizzy's Purpose with the deadbeats Usually spotted by my Goldilocks While birds movin' flocks, I'm movin' drops Cop the Ferrari when I'm roomin' the range Two of the same, it ain't a thang, pocket the change Now I'm just doin' my thing enjoyin' the fame Why not ain't no other bitches hot in the game 1 - 	Nobody do it better than us 	Nobody do it better than us 	Nobody do it better than us 	Nobody do it better than us 	Nobody do it better than us 	Nobody do it better than us [Lil' Kim] Lil' Kim, yeah everybody knows me In a class by myself, never where the ho's be I just avoid where all my foes be Cause God damn muthafuckas is nosey Wanna know what I'm wearing? What I'm drivin'? What I'm doin'? Where I hang out at? Who the fuck I'm screwin' Damn I move way out to the boondocks So I can have a little bit of privacy You bought a tiny ass condo Way across the water with a telescope So you can spy on me You clowns belong in the circus Steady tryin' to hurt us Tell me what's the purpose They say I'm prejudice, the only presidents that I fuck with Is the ones that's dead, like the big heads Never stingy with my Benji's Got enough dough to buy the West Indies Invest in Fendi's, own Laurendi's Start my own doll like Mark & Mindy's Free all my niggas from the penitentiary And keep puttin' out records till the turn of the century Repeat 1 Uh uh, hold up, wait, hold up, wait a minute [Lil' Kim] You got a 5 and I got a 6 Back it up! What's wrong with this picture? Nigga pack it up! I need a 6 figga nigga (uh huh) Yours is big but mines is bigger Cause the Benji's is what it's all about Do my ladies know what I'm talkin' about If my shoes cost more than your car Hah, don't expect to get far You the kinda nigga that like to plot Call your friends, tell 'em that you hit the jackpot I keep razors in my bras, for all you womanizers That's how much I despise it's up I don't get it I ain't wit it Can't see how other woman did it Niggas screamin' gimme, can't get a penny Yeah I got plenty But you ain't got any? Now picture me takin' my hard earned money Throwin' it away by spendin' it on a dummy All he gon' do is spend it on another honey I say let the nigga stay bummy I don't need a nigga I jerks it out Take it old school and smurf it out Give me a B and I'll murk it out Niggas know QB gon' work it out! Repeat 1 Nobody do it better than us Nobody do it better than us [Puffy] (Lil' Kim) (Can't nobody do it better to you than us) Nobody As we proceed to give you what you need (Can't nobody do it better to you than us) In 2000 baby (Can't nobody do it better to you than us) And we rock on and on All hail the Queen (Can't nobody do it better to you than us) All hail the King B.I.G forever and we won't stop Roc-A-Fella Undeas Lil' Ceasar Brizz, Lil' C-Gutta, Money L Trife, nigga Blake C The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Junior M.A.F.I.A. (Lil' Ceasar, Notorious B.I.G., Lil' Kim) Album: Conspiracy Song: Player's Anthem [Notorious B.I.G.] Niggaz... bitches... Uhh Chorus: B.I.G. (Niggaz) Grab your dick if you love hip-hop (Bitches) Rub your titties if you love Big Poppa Gotcha, open off the words I say because "This type of shit it happens everyday" --> Slick Rick Verse One: Lil' Ceasar Check it out, uhh Now who smoke more blunts than a little bit? What are you a idiot? Listen to the lyrics I spit like M1's Got mad guns up in the cabin Cause Cease ain't the one for the dibbin and dabbin shit I make it happen, you got your ass caught All you saw was fire, from the Honda Passport or the M.P., what if you see, then I miss ya I blow up spots like little sisters G'wan grit ya teeth, g'wan bite ya nails to the cuticles Like Murray, my killings, be the most beautiful Junior M.A.F.I.A. click, thick like Luke dancers Niggaz grab your gats, bitches take a glance at the little one, pullin over in the Land Rover Playin Big Willie style with a chaffeur, yaknahmean? Stack the green, read all between the lines A nigga act up, makes the bastard hard to find Chorus: repeat 2X Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G. (How ya livin Biggie Smalls?) I'm surrounded by criminals Heavy rollers even the sheisty individuals Smokin skunk and mad Phillies Beatin down Billy Badasses, cracks in stacks and masses If robbery's a class, bet I pass it Shit get drastic, I'm buryin ya bastards Big Poppa never softenin Take you to the church, rob the preacher for the offerin Leave the fucker coughin up blood, and his pockets like rabbit ears Covered the wife, kleenex for the kid's tears Versace wear, Moschino on my bitches She whippin my ride, countin my one's, thinkin I'm richest Just the way players play, all day everyday I don't know what else to say I've been robbin niggaz since Run and them was singin 'Here We Go' Snatchin ropes at the Roxie homeboy you didn't know my flow, detrimental to your health Usually roll for self, I have son ridin shotgun My mind's my nine, my pen's my Mac-10 My target, all you wack niggaz who started rappin Junior M.A.F.I.A. steelo, niggaz know the half Caviar for breakfast, champagne bubble baths Runnin up in pretty bitches constantly The Smalls bitch, who the fuck it was supposed to be? Chorus: repeat 2X Verse Three: Lil' Kim I used to pack Macs in Cadillacs Now I pimp gats in the Ac's, watch my niggaz backs Nines in the stores, glocks in the bags Maxin mini-markets, gettin money with the Arabs No question, confession, yes it's the lyrical Bitches squeeze your tits, niggaz grab your genitals Proteins and minerals, excluse subliminals Big Momma shoots the game to all you Willies and criminals I kick the rilli with my peeps all day 325's roll by with the windows down halfway D-K-N-Y, oh my, I'm jiggy It's all about the Smalls and my fuckin nigga Biggie Bitches love the way I bust a rhyme Cause they all in line screamin one more time Niggaz, grab your dicks if you love hip-hop Bitches rub-a-dub in the back of the club, straight up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Junior M.A.F.I.A. f/ Aaliyah Album: Conspiracy Song: I Need You Tonight Typed by: chris.wilcock@btinternet.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One: Trife] Baby listen, bets to believe I can give you what you want and all that you need Mackin' all the ladies, from the fly to the shady Marquis diamonds, 600 Mercedes I'll fly you across the seas in a private jet Whisper shit in ya ear to get ya panties wet Honey I'll show you how good life can get Winin and dinin, non-chalant in the finest restaraunt Feed you lobster cause I'm a true mobster Lame niggaz bore ya, lay ya down in the Waldorf-Astoria Victoria Secret; lingerie, I like the freak shit Dim the lights, sex all through the night King sized beds, Satin sheets gettin' right Wear you out, leave my number by the phone When you wake up in the morn', I'm gone [Chorus: Aaliyah] I wonder if I take you home will you still be in love baby Because I need you tonight Wonder if I take you home would you still be in love baby Because I need you tonight [Aaliyah] Home, home Home home home [Verse Two: Lil' Kim] Uh! Do you know who I be? Lil' Kim the Lieutenant (that's right) Here to put it on you fools tryin to run up in it (What's the matter Big Momma, don't you like what you see?) Like my girl Mary B. you just ain't runnin' up in me, uh You got to give me what I need baby.. That's a drop top Z baby Martini and Rossi, Asti Spumante Dom Perignon so we can get it on Movado watch, Tennis for the wrists Nigga; you ain't ever seen no ice like this So now you know what you workin with, handle your business And keep coming with that stuff that I like (like..) Light a candle, I'm too hot to handle I see yo' eyes sizin' up my hips and my thighs Man I'll do things to you (uh-huh).. Vanessa Del Rio be 'shamed to do Chorus [Verse Three: Kleptomaniac] Mack ass nigga, smooth like Tom Cat in the zoot-suit Game's fullproof leavin parties with bitches in NFS Coupes Spittin' game, with or without the eye contact With or without contracts, layin my game down flat Kleptomaniac, rides any rhythm that you give him, I'm livin right Semi-precious stones, exotic bitches in skin-tights Hands-free mobile phone, showin women how to live life If that's your girl, she wasn't last night Made her life worthwhile, Benjamins by the piles Turn her frowns to smiles, livin Goodfella's lifestyle Nails done and hair, livin rooms with chandeliers Sex in a strech Lex, no cares for who wanna stare Yeah, now that's a real women for ya High execs and lawyers, pearls gems and Tag Heuers Bachelor degrees, bringin home bacon and cheese Freaky Saundra ain't afraid to get some dirt up on her knees Chorus 3X (repeats to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Junior M.A.F.I.A Album: Conspiracy Song: Get Money Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Fuck bitches, get money.. fuck niggaz, get money (3X) [Kim]	Hehehe [Big]	WHAT? Uhh, sex em up [Kim]	The fuck? That shit ain't even ?? big boy [Big]	Oh aight, you don't, you don't get none of that shit 	Uhh, check it out [Kim]	Bout to "get money" [Notorious B.I.G.] You wanna sip Mo' on my living room flo' Play Nintendo with Cease-a-Leo Pick up my phone say, "Poppa not home" Sex all night, mad head in the morn' Spin my V, smoke all my weed Tattoo on tit-tie sayin B-I-G, now check it You wanna be my main squeeze baby Don'tcha, you wanna gimme what I need baby Won'tcha, picture life as my wife just think Full length mink, fat X and O links Bracelets to match, conversation was all that Showed you the safe combinations and all that Guess you could say youse the one I trusted Who would ever think that you would spread like mustard? Shit got hot, you sent Feds to my spot Took me to court, tried to take all I got 'Nother intricate plot, the bitch said I raped her "Damn, why she wanna stick me for my paper?" My Mo-sci-no hoe, my Ver-sa-ce hottie Come to find out, you was fuckin everybody You knew about me, the fake ID Cases in Virginia, body in D.C. Woe, oh is me, that's what I get for trickin Pay my own bail, commence to ass kickin Lick in the door, wavin the four-four All you heard was, "Poppa don't hit me no more" Disrespect my click, my shit's imperial Fuck around and made her milkbox material You feel me? Suckin dick, runnin your lips 'Cause of you, I'm on some real fuck a bitch shit, uhh.. 	Fuck bitches, get money.. fuck niggaz, get money (3X) [Big]	WHAT? I see mad girls like you [Kim]	You seen mad girls just ACTIN hot [Big]	I'm tellin you though [Kim]	There AIN'T nobody like me [Big]	You just frontin, there's people out like that [Kim]	?? [Lil' Kim] Uhh, whoo! Get at me Whoo, I told you niggaz Niggaz.. betta grab a seat Grab on your dick as this bitch gets deep Deeper than the pussy of a bitch six feet Stiff dicks feel sweet in this little petite Young bitch from the street, guaranteed to stay down Used to bring work outta town on Greyhound Now I'm Billboard now, niggaz press to hit it Play me like a chicken, thinkin I'm pressed to get it Rather do the killin than the stick up jooks Rather count a million while you eat my pussy Push me to the limit get my feelings in it Get me open while I'm cummin down your throat Then, you wanna be my main squeeze nigga Don'tcha, you wanna lick between my knees nigga Don'tcha wanna see me whippin your 3 down the Ave. Blow up spots on bitches because I'm mad Break up affairs lick shots in the air You get vexed, and start swingin everywhere Me shifty? Now you wanna pistol whip me Pull out your nine, while I cock on mine Yeah what nigga? I ain't got time for this So what nigga? I'm not tryin to hear that shit Now you wanna buy me diamonds and Armani suits Adrienne Vitadini and Chanel 9 boots Things that make up, for all the games and the lies Hallmark cards, sayin, "I apologize" Is you wit me? How could you ever decieve me But payback's a bitch motherfucker, believe me Naw I ain't gay this aint no lesbo flow Just a lil somethin, to let you motherfuckers know 	Fuck bitches, get money.. fuck niggaz, get money (*repeat to end*) [Kim]	Wait a minute, wait a minute 	Back up, just give me that shit, this shit is mine [Big]	Oh you want my numbers and shit [Kim]	?? [Big]	Look, now you wanna ?? [Kim]	I'm all that bitch, don't ask 	You're fuckin with a bitch named Aphrodite [Big]	Y'all believe that shit? [Kim]	Just playin with you, worrd 	?? daddy is all that, oh word 	?? I'm talkin bout some presidents 	Talkin bout this motherfuckin cash [Big]	Whatever you don't think about this 	My nickname was Jesus in high school [Kim]	You don't even believe that shit! 	God don't believe that shit! [Big]	I'm the supreme being baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Junior M.A.F.I.A. Album: Conspiracy Song: Back Stabbers Smile in your face! Yeaaah! Back Stabbers! INTRO/CHORUS They smile in your face  All the time they wanna take your place The back stabbers!(Back stabbers) VERSE 1:(LIL KIM AKA BIG MOMMA) The Buda got my brain seein my own my blood stains Dental records checkin my remains,it's hard to explain First I see 'em then I don't, they disappear First she tried to slit my throat,now she ain't there I'm seein bitches in the mirrors behind me But when I turn around, they hard to find  See a little bit of weed and a little bit of greed Make a bitch wanna choke me till I bleed Now watch a bitch breathe from dum-dums That some young bum had to bust just for wreck Earn some self-respect,now should I tote a fo' pound 'Cause a clown wants my autograph Broken off that hash I think he wants my cash The Lexus and rings,give a sex simple and plain But these bitches is mad an' they niggas is bad So they scheme on a CREAM,you know Fuck the hos,bitches is detrimental,the guns is essential CHORUS x 2 VERSE 2:(LIL KIM) I'm having re-occuring dreams-bitches they want my CREAM They wanna be lieutenant so it seems,I can't sleep I see an image that keeps movin round and round my bed The shadow stops,points a Glock to my fuckin head I grab my pillow,crack the back window pull out the tre-8,bust three times at the gate LORD have mercy!The devil tryin to curse me  I keeps seeing shit that wasn't there in the first See bitches be livin mad fad-they fuck my man Steal out my crib,then come an' try an' shake my hand Yeah man,breakin you down one time I packs that shit for your ass,Chronic for your mind I keeps it real on all you bitches,I wish you keep your mind Off my motherfuckin riches Bitches,I'm tired of all you hos beggin me for clothes Bank rolls is all I knows,that shit is dead chicken-head! CHORUS x 2 VERSE 3:(LIL KIM) The morning's finally here,damn!What should I wear? Time to get dressed and do my hair,once again it's on Somebody's knockin at my door,but when I walk across the floor Just ope' it up,the motherfucker's gone I'm hearing voices in the back of my mind Better grab my 2,'cause this fool might get outta line I guess it's time to test this bullet-proof dress From putting holes up in my chest I'm lookin through the peep-hole to recognise the face I see three bitches and still I got to play it safe I hope my dress come in handy,but when I open the door Three little girls selling candy,ya see bitches is jealous Of Little Kim because my click is thicker than the rest of them All I wanna do is be rich and stay that bitch Clock dough on the law,y'know? CHORUS TO FADE The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 112 f/ Lil' Kim  Album: Room 112 Song: The Only One Typed by: d_dawg123@hotmail.com, janis@betatesters.com Kim: Ughh Puff: Yeah Kim: Ughh Puff: C'mon [Lil Kim] Catch me in the spot, low C's in the drop About half and ounce, the size of Zip-lock Knockin' the new One-one-deuce I wanna (intro)douce me and my old flame And his name is Bruce But blew my eye when his girl drove by Told me bye then he winked his eye  I'm too Don fo' this, too fly to curse Threw his jacket out first then BAM! Hit reverse [112] Oh, baby You need to know I've been in love And I've never known love like this  I need to know Just how you feel Let me know if this love is real 1 - 	I'm tired of wasting time on you 	So tell me what you wanna do 	Is it another man holding your hand? 	Why is this a mystery? 	Oh, baby can't you see? 	Girl, you're the only one I'll ever want  	The only one I'll ever need  	I'm tired of wasting time on you 	So tell me what you wanna do 	Is it another man holding your hand? 	Why is this a mystery? 	Oh, baby can't you see? 	Girl, you're the only one I'll ever want  	The only one I'll ever need Oh, baby I think it's time for us to grow We've been friends now for far too long The way you kiss, it turns me on Let me know if you feel this strong Repeat 1 Give me your love Don't you know that I, I need your love I need you here in my life, baby, everyday Baby, please, I'll take good care I'll take care of your needs I need you here with me [Lil' Kim] Pretend like we friends And do our own thing (c'mon) We can chitty-bang-bang But let the phone ring (I like this) From the first night, knew you wasn't true Ex-girl came through, she said she miss you (uh, huh) Panties in the bathroom sink, hot pink (hot pink) What's a girl like me supposed to think? (c'mon) I'm a Bad Girl (Bad Girl) You shady? I get shady (shady) To up your old lady and proposing us to stay still friends Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 3LW f/ Lil' Kim Album: A Girl Can Mack Song: I Need That (I Want That) Typed by: AccessKimmie@yahoo.ca [Intro: Kiely] Haha, 3LDub baby, A Girl Can Mack [Verse 1: Kiely] Yo, if you don't like expensive things Then you can bounce if you don't wanna get it together You could be out, 'cause I'm all about gettin' them things From the truck to the house, to the gear and them rings No doubt, coulda done it but ain't no hoe for you Now I try to tell you but all you do is sit around It takes more than hope and a dream I got a mean team puttin' in work to get the cream, what [Chorus: Lil' Kim (3LW)] Money and hot rides (I need that) The platinum and shine (I need that) The house and the gear (I need that) I'm sayin' baby (I... want... that...) [Verse 2: Adrienne (Kiely)] Life can turn you in so many different directions Then I got a mind to win (Can't remember why I got with you) I want everything, but I need to stay realistic I'm gonna live this dream (From hear on out, that's what I'm about) [Chorus 2x] [Verse 3: Adrienne (Kiely)] Boy I feel for you, you think you have it real easy You don't even have a clue (Can't remember why I got with you) I'm gonna do my thang, sorry if you feel rejected You need to do the same (From here on out, that's what I'm about) [Bridge: 3LW (Lil' Kim)] I need these things, you can't supply me It's too easy, for you to stop tryin' (Uh-huh) Get off your feet, do it for yourself (Let's do it) I can't stick around with shady feelings (Lil' Kim, Queen Bee, 3LW) [Verse 4: Lil' Kim] Jackpot, goodness gracious the papers Where the cash at, where the stash at Nigga pass that, up the bonds and stocks And the canary yellow D flawless rocks Introducing the Lil' Kim Shepard Watch I'm on fire, 'bout to turn it up a notch Keep ya yacht, I want ships inside my estate With FullForce written on the license plate Heliports and helicopters with gold propellers Tryna have more cheese then mozzarella I need stables, there's only one way to live (What's that?) Horseback ridin' in the back of the crib Two Indian braids like the Navaho Yippi iy ya, yippi iy yo Make this money, take this money Ain't no way you gonna take this from me, ow [Chorus 2x] [Breakdown: Adrienne (Kiely)] Uh-huh, (I... want... that...) If you don't want that baby, then you can't have me baby Don't depend on me baby, finally do ya own thing baby Ooh (I need that) Ooh (I need that) Ooh (I want that, want that, I want, I want that Want that, get that, I want that Get that, got that, I want that I want that, want that, I want, I want that) [Chorus 2x] [Outro Lil' Kim (Kiely)] (Uh-huh) 3LW (I... want... that... uh-huh) Get on ya feet boi The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Lil' Kim Album: Wanna Lick 12" Song: Wanna Lick Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Chorus: Lil' Kim] (50 Cent) You know you want me you probably wanna kiss this (BO!) Act like it's christmas and put me on your wish list (BO!) When it go down I'm a help you blow your whiskers (BO!) Put your lips on my lips and taste my honey (BO! BO! BO! BO! BO! BO!) [50 Cent]: You know you want me you probably wanna lick this (BO!) Girl I'm a treat everyday you can't get this (BO!) I'm busy man I be handlin my business (BO!) But we can get our freak on some quick shit (BO! BO! BO! BO! BO! BO!) [Verse 1: 50 Cent] Tonight's the night shorty you'll never forget this I dim the lights I get it right I'm like a pimp sick Down on the bed I make the clothes disappear quick I see through her shit it curl up pretty clear kid I'm turned on now I really wanna hit Kiss, her neck and nibble till I'm way down on her waist kid Man she's a freak I'm a freak I be freakin off When she come in with a friend I might take it off I got a fetish for the cheddar yeah I'm rich bitch That don't mean I'm runnin 'round buyin chicks shit You see the chrome doubt be shinnin on my new six My pinky ring my neck my ears and my wrist lit I like the ice I'm pretty nice on the dice trip Twice in a row you know, I got to get the dough My confidence is high, I know I could hit or lick My g's pretty good, I know I could get the bitch [Chorus: Lil' Kim] (50 Cent) You know you want me you probably wanna kiss this (BO!) Act like it's christmas and put me on your wish list (BO!) When it go down I'm a help you blow your whiskers (BO!) Put your lips on my lips and taste my honey (BO! BO! BO! BO! BO! BO!) [50 Cent]: You know you want me you probably wanna lick this (BO!) Girl I'm a treat everyday you can't get this (BO!) I'm busy man I be handlin my business (BO!) But we can get our freak on some quick shit (BO! BO! BO! BO! BO! BO!) [Verse 2: Lil' Kim] I'll be your wife I'll be your girl I'll be your mistress But if you ain't spendin that dough your gettin dismissed That mean you gotta keep me laced like I seemed stressed You can't expect nothin less from the Queen Bitch My doggystyle make you wanna jump on that (BO!) Just like a dog on that chase for the kitty kat (BO!) Man he's a freak I'm a freakI be freakin off (BO!) He pour the honey on me, and then he clean me off (BO! BO! BO! BO! BO! BO!) I take his breath away Kim leave 'em speechless I'm so wet I'll have a nigga feelin sea sick He in the streets all day but it's alright Cause he'll be back tonight, and in the next night And in the next night, because the sex tight I'll be his advil I gotta keep his head right He outta town and he feenin for me every night He's so addicted sendin for me on the next flight [Chorus: Lil' Kim] (50 Cent) You know you want me you probably wanna kiss this (BO!) Act like it's christmas and put me on your wish list (BO!) When it go down I'm a help you blow your whiskers (BO!) Put your lips on my lips and taste my honey (BO! BO! BO! BO! BO! BO!) [50 Cent]: You know you want me you probably wanna lick this (BO!) Girl I'm a treat everyday you can't get this (BO!) I'm busy man I be handlin my business (BO!) But we can get our freak on some quick shit (BO! BO! BO! BO! BO! BO!) [Lil' Kim]: (50 Cent) You know you want me you probably wanna kiss this (BO!) Act like it's christmas and put me on your wish list (BO!) When it go down I'm a help you blow your whiskers (BO!) Put your lips on my lips and taste my honey (BO! BO! BO! BO! BO! BO!) [50 Cent]: You know you want me you probably wanna lick this (BO!) Girl I'm a treat everyday you can't get this (BO!) I'm busy man I be handlin my business (BO!) But we can get our freak on some quick shit (BO! BO! BO! BO! BO! BO!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chrstina Aguilera f/ Lil' Kim Album: Stripped Song: Can't Hold Us Down Typed by: AccessKimmie@yahoo.ca [Verse 1: Christina] Hmmmmm So, what am I not 'sposed to have an opinion? Should I be quiet just because I'm a woman? Call me a bitch because I speak what's on my mind Guess it's easier for you to swallow if I sat and smiled When a female fires back Suddenly the target don't know how to act So he does what any little boy will do Making up a few false rumors or two That for sure is not a man to me Slanderin' names for popularity It's sad you only get your fame through controversy But now it's time for me to come and give you more to say [Chorus: Christina] This is for my girls all around the world Who've come across a man who don't respect your worth Thinkin' all woman should be seen not heard So what do we do girls? Shout louder Lettin' 'em know we're gonna stand our ground Lift your hands high and wave them proud Take a deep breathe and say it loud Never can, never will, can't hold us down Nobody can hold us down, nobody can hold us down Nobody gonna hold us down, never can, never will [Verse 2: Christina] So, what am I not 'sposed to say what I'm sayin'? Are you offended with the message I'm bringin'? Call me whatever 'cause your words don't mean a thing Guess you ain't even a man enough to handle what I sing If you look back in history It's a common double standard of society The guy gets all the glory, the more he can score While the girl can do the same and yet you call her a whore I don't understand why it's okay The guy can get away with it, the girl gets named All my ladies come together and make a change And start a new beginning for us, everybody sing [Chorus: Christina (Lil' Kim)] This is for my girls all around the world (Yeah) Who've come across a man who don't respect your worth Thinkin' all woman should be seen not heard (You can't get rid of us) So what do we do girls? Shout louder Lettin' 'em know we're gonna stand our ground (We standin' our ground on this one) Lift your hands high and wave them proud Take a deep breathe and say it loud Never can, never will, can't hold us down (Check it) [Verse 3: Lil' Kim] Here's something I just can't understand If a guy have three girls than he's the man He can even give her some head, then sex her raw If a girl do the same than she's a whore But the tables 'bout to turn, I bet my fame on it Cats take my ideas and put they name on it It's aiight though, you can't hold me down I got to keep on movin' To all my girls with a man who be tryna mack Do it right back to him and let that be that You need to let him know that his game is whack And Lil' Kim and Christina Aguilera gotcha back [Bridge: Christina] You're just a little boy, you think you're so cute, so coy You must talk so big, to make up for smaller things Said you're just a little boy, all you do is annoy You must talk so big, to make up for smaller things This is for my girls [Chorus: Christina] This is for my girls all around the world When you come across a man that don't respect your word Thinkin' all woman should be seen not heard So what do we do girls? Shout louder Lettin' 'em know we're gonna stand our ground So put your hands high and wave 'em 'round Take a deep breathe and say it loud Never can, never will, can't hold us down This is for my girls all around the world When you come across a man that don't respect your word Thinkin' all woman should be seen not heard So what do we do girls? Shout louder Lettin' 'em know we're gonna stand our ground So put your hands high and wave 'em 'round Take a deep breathe and say it loud Never can, never will, can't hold us down [Breakdown: Christina (Lil' Kim)] (Uh, ayo ayo, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh) Spread the word (Can't hold us down, c'mon, uh) Yeah we here, we back again, yeah Lil' Kim and Christina Aguilera Yeah (Can't hold us down, uh) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beenie Man f/ Lil' Kim Album: Fresh From Yard 12" Song: Fresh From Yard Typed by: Gemini_2050@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Beenie Man] Likkle Kim longside Beenie Man (Zagga zow zow zow) Buuuuuummbaaaaa!!! Star!!! Yo yo!!! America, carribean, a matter a fact the world, were comin at you Kim, where you at babe? [Verse 1: Lil' Kim] Gal flex, time to have sex Jump in a your lex steam a blunt pop a Becks Now you know that my style is rated XXX Just lookin ain't a gal you no have nuff respect I use to rock Sergio Tacchini, C And G bikinis Now I'm hot steppin in my Queen Bee collection Got gear to match my whips from monday to sunday Designers give me exclusives straight off the runway That's how it is, my shit is laid out Some of y'all show up but like jeans y'all fade out, whatever Fly out the crew hit the beach in Miami Niggas watch me shake my fanny in my iced out panties Beenie Man and Likkle Kim callin out (Beenie Man: Shout!!!) People from east, west, north, and south Say I'm the emcee with the nasty mouth Put that on my unborn kids, we do it way big [Chorus: Beenie Man] (Lil' Kim) Gal open up the legs dem wide and let me get inside that, and wuk you all night A who this gal yuh waan bite and kick up and a real like a man she waan fight alright Open up your legs dem wide and let me get inside that, and wuk you all night A who this gal yuh waan bite and kick up and a real like a man she waan fight alright From you a toppa toppa (Then throw dem bows) Toppa toppa (Let the diamonds show) From you a toppa toppa (Mi look good inna mi clothes) Toppa toppa (Badgirl nah fi pose) [Verse 2: Beenie Man] So mi go so, hear mi dappa man a nuh rapper Entertainer, worst man a real toppa toppa Do wah, pop your collar, no bother holla, Spend a thousand dollar, buy ganja and liquor cau wah Gal yuh brighter and yuh now together Chickenheads, and bout twelve hoochie mama When, car hot, clothes pop off, get it together The DJ seh we fresh from yard, Likkle Kim just buck a real old dog Last gal mi wuk she end up down at the morge Badman a real badman man a nuh fraud, hey, true, what dem seh [Chorus: Beenie Man] (Lil' Kim) [Verse 3: Beenie Man] Anyway, mi have girls from all nations really haitian and jamaican Woman a seh mi God's creation so dem waan mi consegation Send in application, waan mi qualification Line up on mi gate like mi a custom or immigration How when girl fi rule mon? Dem mad a could a gwaan man? Just slam up malaysian and mi send for indonesian Wife a puerto rican pon di hill mi buy a mansion Just buy a apartment from mi girl fi wah italian One deh drive a BMW I mention she a german And to each a di one mi send a bag a pound from over England Have girl on Netherland, african or Switzerland Bettin baby mother weh mi havefresh from yard, Likkle Kim just buck a real old dog This a badbwoy yah jump pon record Last gal mi wuk she end up down at the morge, mi can tell har somethin [Chorus: Beenie Man] (Lil' Kim) [Outro: Lil' Kim] (Beenie Man) Beenie Man and Likkle Kim callin out (Beenie Man: Shout!!!) People from east, west, north, and south Say I'm the emcee with the nasty mouth Put that on my unborn kids, we do it way big The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Benzino f/ Lil' Kim, Petey Pablo Album: Redemption Song: Rock the Party (Remix) Typed by: AccessKimmie@yahoo.ca [Intro: Benzino] + (Lil' Kim) Ayo (Benzino where you at?) It's Yellowman, Benzino wanna rock the party And we gonna bring this to the after party Queen Bee wanna rock the party Uh, uh, oh (Oh my God) Yeah (Benzino where you at?) (Bounce) Yellow City gonna rock the party (This is the G-Mix) Young Hef wanna rock the party, Petey Pablo Yellow City, yea [Verse 1: Lil' Kim] It's your girl Queen Bee with the poisoness sting Chinchilla draggin' with the diamond G-String Bouncin' on Lorenzos I'm the Bee with the wings Who the fuck want what? (What?) Bettin' it all at the crap tables, rip the casino From Vegas to Reno, me and Benzino We gonna rock the party and drink Bacardi, all damn night Awww watch me shake my ass like a fresh bowl of jelly Quite Bootylicious like Beyonce and Kelly Love to see guys with tattoos on they belly Let's get nasty from the car to the telly Ooh, I got my girls with me, so go get your boys Come ride with us, we on the tour bus If you treat us right, and you spendin' the night Then we gon' freak [Chorus: Benzino] + (Lil' Kim) We gon' throw the party, rock the party Then drink Bakardi, freak somebody Then leave the party to the after party y'all Now what ya'll gon' do? (We gon' take it off, we gon' turn it out It's hot in here, we gon' burn it out We gon' throw that thang, we gon' back it up Now what ya'll gon' do?) [Verse 2 Benzino] Benzino rock the city and you know I can't stop Back at the lounge with a mean Diddy Bop Shorty lookin' mean and her whole team hot Yo' what's up? Yo' what's up with ya'll? She sippin' cranberry with a splash of Belvedere What? Five carot 'conia ice in my ear Always drinkin' Coniac with ice when I'm here ... Nice Feelin' how 'Zino put's his game to the test 36, 24, I think you know the rest What's your secret ma? How you fit in that dress? ... Oh damn! Now it's gettin' heated and you know what's on my mind Me and you, outta hear, I think it's that time Make you tap out when I creep in from behind Now that's what's up, now everybody just [Verse 3: Petey Pablo] Hey hey hey hey Me met a bitch of my dreams, corn jack Come on, liquor inside my head like that Pants saggin', Carolina hat to the back I'm in New York City, can you hear me goddamnit Weavin' through the traffic, shootin' usual daps Tryna find Benzino, is it him in the back Bring it back, porn channel X on the back Be like hey hey hey, how'd she do that? Pretty headed woman, with her fine self Bow-legged cutey with her tight legs Tryna get outta here with her friend in the black dress Spread her hoochie coochie on my sun beam bread Now I been sayin' to myself, Petey Petey Get freaky, damn boy I can't even say it And I got no need to be scared Some things ain't supposed to be said [Bridge: Benzino] + (Lil' Kim) Yeah, we gon' rock Yellow City, we gon' rock The after party, we gon' rock (Now what ya'll gon' do?) We gon' rock, we gon' rock tonight Cuz a Yellow City party don't stop Uh, we gonna rock tonight Now what ya'll gon' do? [Chorus to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beyonce Knowles f/ Lil' Kim Album: Naughty Girl (CD-S Import) Song: Naughty Girl (Remix) Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Lil' Kim] Yeah, this is ladies night, once again it's on Your man actin' up, then leave him home It's the girl of the industry, called the rap Madonna More dangerous than a tank full of piranhas Courvoisier in my left arm, glass in my other hand While I rock that coochie like a rubber band I'm feelin' sexy in my million dollar Vicki bra Ay yo Beycone, how you feelin' ma [Beyonce] I'm feelin' sexy, I wanna hear you say my name boy If you can reach me, you can feel my burning flame I'm feelin' kinda N-A-S-T-Y I just wanna take you home with me Baby, the minute I feel your energy The vibe is just taking over me (ah) I start feeling so crazy babe Lately, a feelin' been coming over me I don't know what's gotten into me The rhythm's got me feeling so crazy, babe [Beyonce] Tonight I'll be your naughty girl, uh I'm callin' all the girls We goin' turn this party out I know you want my body Tonight I'll be your naughty girl Like callin' all the girls I see you look me up and down And I came to party [Beyonce] You're so sexy, tonight I am all yours boy The way your body moves across the floor boy I'm feelin' kinda N-A-S-T-Y I just wanna take you home with me Baby, the minute I feel your energy The vibe is just taking over me (ah) I start feeling so crazy babe Lately, a feelin' been coming over me I don't know what's gotten into me The rhythm's got me feeling so crazy, babe [Beyonce] Tonight I'll be your naughty girl, uh, oh I'm callin' all the girls, oh We goin' turn this party out I know you want my body Tonight I'll be your naughty girl Like callin' all the girls, oh I see you look me up and down And I came to party [Beyonce] I love to love you baby, I love to love you baby I love to love you baby, I love to love you baby I love to love you baby, I love to love you baby I love to love you baby, I love to love you baby [Lil' Kim] You know I rep the style when I chef the pie I'm back in the kitchen with the flame on high I see you lookin', baby what's cookin' Yeah, I'm lookin' like somethin' to eat Your man there lookin' like somethin' to freak Lickin' on his lips like I'm somethin' sweet Lil' Kim and Beyonce just tryin' to keep the flame lit And warm it up like Big Daddy Kane did [Beyonce] Tonight I'll be your naughty girl, uh I'm callin' all the girls We goin' turn this party out I know you want my body, yeah Tonight I'll be your naughty girl Like callin' all the girls I see you look me up and down And I came to party The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Rob f/ Lil' Kim Album: Life Story Song: Espacio Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com Dangerous niggas Uhh Black Rob shit Y'all don't know? Uhh Uhh Danegerous niggas Lil Kim and Black Rob yelowman P Diddy , the moment you all been waitin for Murder yeah , ha ha yeah [Black Rob] What y'all riffin about, hang em like they did in the South Dead wit ya dick in ya mouth Now what this shit is about, niggas sleepin Like I won't slip in ya house, and put my dick in your spouse Till you get home, I'm amped like a part of ya couch Then sit on me, that's what I'ma spit filthy Pretty swiftly, til them coppers come and get me Tried to tell his coward ass it's real Actin like I can't get through that Slomen Shield I'm a veteran, I'll take leathers and furs in front of him Safe cracker, moved from New York to Jers Still sending ?kites with birds? Nothin's heard, feds wanna tap my word Take vehicles off curbs, tools off herbs, jewels off of all you nerds You swerve, I splurge with all yall riches Comin to joke and blind all yall bitches Give respect where respect is due Keep frontin, and I'ma put the tech to you Coward CHORUS: Lil Kim and Black Rob Dame espacio Man back up off me Dame espacio Can I get a minute to breathe? Dame espacio That means give me space Dame espacio Damn back up off me [Black Rob] Like I'm just talking like I never did these things Snatch chains and rings, teddy bears from siblings I did things some of yall cowards might not imagine Like run in the stores, gun drawn, spasm Press the button bitch I'm not havin Or it'll your ?super? employee leave in a bag and Black wagon, bait boy I'm not braggin It's a promise, I'll take em to school like Nastradamus It's my thing do what I do best Want the treasure chest, and that dough in your girl breasts How dare you try to stash yours in your drawls What's mines is mines, what's yours aint yours Get his whip, watch how quickly I paint yours Watch poppi and them, hit it up with the paintballs Coward niggas, got the gall, thinkin I won't lamp in the hall Like New Year's and drop the ball, bitches! CHORUS [Lil' Kim] Where I come from, we all got guns Be a hundred of yall and we still won't run Call the cops, they still won't come We bang on niggas like we playin the drums These cats think they know me Black Well I hit em over the head and say "Homey don't play that" Listen to they rhymes and say didn't I say that? Damn, I'm the shit, it's like I'ma nigga they be bitin my dick Get on some old school shit, bitch run your kicks Go on y'all can have my flow I extort y'all hoes for all yall dough And by now I think all yall know Who's the winner, still champ by T.K.O. WHAT CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ Lil' Kim Album: Share My World Song: I Can Love You Typed by: OHHLA.com (Chorus) I can love you, (I can love you), I can love you (I can love you) I can love you, (I can love you), I can love you (I can love you) I can love you better than she can . . . I can love you, (I can love you), I can love you (I can love you) I can love you, (I can love you), I can love you (I can love you) I can love you better than she can . . . [Mary J] Sitting here, wondering why you don't love me,  the way that I love you and baby Have no fear, cause I would never ever hurt you,  and you know my love is real and I can . . . (Chorus) I know sometimes can get rough, but we'll make it. We'll make it through the storm and I know I will try to make sure that you can trust me And you know the reason why that I say . . . (Bridge) I can love you (I can love you) a little better than she can I know that you (I know that you) wish that you could be my man Cause I can love you better than she can (Chorus) [Lil' Kim] If I told you once, I told you twice, Q-B,  Throw the bootie, like a groupie for more ice Armor truck Heist, get a bonus like N'Bushe In love with you since the days of "Juicy" Now I watch you play Columbo, Picasso Tricks inside colassals, turn you castles to brothels, uh! Who you lovin? Who you wanna be huggin? Dippin on ya Ninja Honda with Tanisha and Rhonda, wha! You work more body than Jane Fonda, Physical fitness, Mary Blige be my witness Under pressure, I lie for ya, die for ya Luger by the side for you, right hand high for ya Because of you, I'm inheritin' trillions Buryin' billions, Bentley Coupe millions Playin' good samaritan, in the sheridan Crack the Dom P's and Remy's, you better hurry in Who's gone love you like I do? Huh? Wha? Who's gone treat you like I do? Huh? Wha? Mary Blige, Lil Kim, hah-hah Queen Bees, ah-hah, that's me That's right, Mary J, Lil K . . . [Mary J] Who's gonna make you feel the way I do? Nobody, nobody Who's gonna make you feel the way I do? Nobody, nobody (*fades*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bobby Valentino f/ Lil' Kim, Lil Wayne, Ludacris Album: Beep 12" Song: Beep (Remix) Typed by: VibeWithMe@gmail.com Beep beep beep beep beep Remix baby [Chorus: Bobby Valentino] Shorty been eyeing me (Valentino) She looking like she thinking about trying me (Haha) She want it she can't take no more (Yeah) I'm about to take her to my spot  I'ma get it hot she going, she going... (And let me) Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep (Hahaha) She gonna let me (Ooh) Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep I'ma tear it up when I Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep (That's right) She gonna let me  Beep, beep, beep, beep I'ma have her screaming like  Go, go, go, go, go, go (Come with me) I'ma have her screaming like Go, go, go, go, go, go  I'ma tear it up [Verse 1: Ludacris] Yeah, hahaha, LUDA She told me that she wanted to knock my socks off So I slid my three-thousand dollar crocs off She got her rocks off, and I got the cops off In my fire red lamborghini, hot sauce I was just a block off of Peachtree and Pharr Road, hey I scanned her over like her booty had a bar code, hey I made the car fold (yup) and then the car slowed Weeooo weeooo wee, I went into alarm mode, ooh 'Cause she was badder than the baddest of the baddestess Her butt was fatter than the fattest of the fattestess And I was glad it is, see what the saddest is So I can take her home and she'll see where the apparatus is Hey, in my private pool, yup her body drips dry She was bare foot, I did her in my flipflops Ooh, tick tock, the clock goes boom So we quickly Luda-christened every room LUDA [Chorus: Bobby Valentino (Lil' Kim)] Shorty been eyeing me  She looking like she thinking about trying me She want it she can't take no more I'm about to take her to my spot  I'ma get it hot she going, she going... Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep She gonna let me Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep I'ma tear it up when I Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep She gonna let me  Beep, beep, beep, beep I'ma have her screaming like  Go, go, go, go, go, go I'ma have her screaming like Go, go, go, go, go, go (Yeah it's your girl) I'ma tear it up (Q-U-Double E-N-B-Double E) [Verse 2: Lil' Kim] I back it up switch it up just for you daddy Dior lipstick, kiss your tattoos daddy *mwah* I'm with you for the night, just play your cards right I'll let you do some thangs to me Ummmm, on the hood of the Bugatti  Caesar picotti heels on my feet I'm in the drivers seat while you beep beep beep Who needs the freak of the week You with the freak of the century Open up the history books, it's gonna mention me Boys call me Candy Girl, aka the truth, haha Honey Girl, and for me he got a sweet tooth He gon' drown in my wet wet ooooh I hope that watch is waterproof [Chorus: Bobby Valentino (Lil' Kim)] Shorty been eyeing me (Hahaha yeah) She looking like she thinking about trying me (Thats what I'm talking 'bout right there) She want it she can't take no more I'm about to take her to my spot  I'ma get it hot she going, she going... Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep She gonna let me Beep (oh) beep (ah) beep (oh) beep (ah) beep (oh) I'ma tear it up when I Beep (oh) beep (ah) beep (oh) beep (ah) beep (oh) She gonna let me Beep (oh) beep (ah) beep (oh) beep (ah) beep (oh) [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] Bobby V, I got you Hey baby, my name ain't important Umm, for now you can call me The Motion Yeah, I need love like an orphan So I could be your bug-a-boo, no arguing Lil' mama let me beep beep like a motorola Now I'm in love knee deep but it's at her shoulders But being that I'm a G, I try to keep composure But I swear shorty got me weak like the weekend over From the window to the wall she get even lower Yeah, she got the game, I'm just trying to keep the score And I promise to be good and never leave it sore And if I do I promise I will treat it more  Gentle the next time and even more Will I lie or cheat, either or Shit I'd rather beep like a freaking horn And keep it blowing, aiight [Chorus: Bobby Valentino] Shorty been eyeing me (Oooooh) She looking like she thinking about trying me (Trying me no) She want it she can't take no more  (No more, no more, no more) I'm about to take her to my spot (Moooore) I'ma get it hot she going, she going... Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep She gonna let me Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep (She gon' let me beep) I'ma tear it up when I Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep (She gon' let me beep) She gonna let me  Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep I'ma have her screaming like  Go, go, go, go, go, go (Let's go baby) I'ma have her screaming like Go, go, go, go, go, go (Ohhh) I'ma tear it up I'ma do it just like this I'ma do it just like this I'ma do it just like that  Said I'ma do it just like that baby Baby, oooh, oooo Blu Kolla Dreams You gon' know the business, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Blu Cantrell f/ Fat Joe, Lil' Kim Album: Bittersweet Song: Impatient Typed by: JayR_Rogers@yahoo.ca * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Lil' Kim (Fat Joe)] (Uh) Blu Cantrell yo (Oh) Ayo Guch I'm goin' in dun (Uh) Sizzlin' where you at? [Verse 1: Lil' Kim] What's the deal baby pa, it's the hottie Lil' Kim You got my mind spinnin' like my Hollyhood rims You had a lotta women, but they not like me It's like I been trippin' on that bombazee I'm sick with the stick, shift gears with my lips Put your key in my ignition and put it in fifth The window's fogged up, and it ain't from the spliff Scratch and sniff and inhale this I got you seein' doubles and you can't tell It's the tag-team, Lil' Kim and Blu Cantrell The Hip-Hop and R&B Menage-a-Toi Two sexy thangs leavin' with engagement rings UHHH! I'm gettin' impatient, I need answers I'm ready to get busy like them Sean Paul dancers I can be a housewife or the freakiest hoe Yo, just gimme the light and pass the dro [Verse 2: Blu Cantrell] Possibilities are endless with you and me I know it will be okay, we could have everything Alone, it's you that's all I want Baby believe in us I've got to have your trust [Chorus: Blu Cantrell] Oooh, oh, you got me so, it feels so slow I'm racing, I'm so impatient Oooh, oh, you got to know, you got me so I'm chasing, I'm so impatient [Verse 3: Blu Cantrell] Baby I'm waiting, baby I'm waiting I'm so impatient It's unexplainable, something remarkable Never felt quite like this You win from just one kiss Let me know, 'cause I can't let you go Not with the love we made, not looking for heartache Baby I'm waiting, baby I'm waiting I'm so impatient [Verse 4: Fat Joe] Yeah, oh, uh, uh I ain't come to judge, I come to love In fact, I came to cum, not makin' love Girl you know the rules when you dealin' wit thugs And girl, it's me and you, stop chasin' a crush Uh, I know you want me don't ya You know you need me don't you Don't lie, I can see it in your eyes Thick hips, nice lips, right size Papi's big, but fit in between them thighs And it ain't about the box, it's 'bout the rocks And that Malibu view on the mountain top Just a few reason's why you feelin' the kid You know, spacious cribs, outragious trips Forget about ya friends, man they hate this shit If you gave them the power, they would make the switch Who knew those words I do would make you rich But for now Blu, you'se my impatient bitch [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mariah Carey f/ Lil' Cease, Lil' Kim Album: Rainbow Song: Ex-Girlfriend Typed by: apowers@hotmail.com [Lil' Cease] Ex-girlfriend how you been  Need the keys back to my bends Like Deborah Cox if we in love then we can't be friends Mariah, never duplicated, always imitated, gave you bad dreams During any sex you can't help but yell cease! Please, didn't I take you to benzes I'll break your heart, my sexual fantasy's a work of art Chill wit' Mariah, Kim and we on fire But we won't stop and we can't stop [Mariah Carey] Here we go again, I don't think you are just friends Stay away from her and then you'll see You don't need she, your love is all for me 1-	Ex-girlfriend stay away from my man 	You had your chance now it's gone 	So you know just have to move on 	Soooo here we goooooo 2 -	[Mariah Carey/(Lil' Cease)/{Lil' Kim}] 	Ex-girlfriend how have you been 	I don't think that we can be friends 	(Check yourself before you wreck yourself) 	Ex-girlfriend how have you been 	I don't think that we can be friends 	{Uh Queen Bee baby, Mariah and Cease} [Mariah Carey] We aren't gonna see you So don't go the places you've been He has more money, and richer friends Stop calling his house, or there are gonna be problems Repeat 1 Repeat 2 Is this a dream or could it be That my boyfriend is leavin' me I need he, and I need his live Ohhhhhhhhhh ex-girlfriend [Lil' Kim] Remember when you said that you would die for me All you ever did was lie to me  The day you said bye to me I was like alright, why would this bitch put up a fight Queen Bitch, he can't live without this Who's the one with the biggest tits  And best thrown fists Can't stop me, Lil' Kim the Queen Bee With Mariah, this girl is on fire  And I need the weed to get me higher and higher Knock me from the top, need sex to get me hot And if not you ain't gettin' no (shhh) better move on Ex, you know she ain't the best so why you always Starin at her breasts You need to move on before I do, and I can't live without you Repeat 1 Repeat 2 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chris Rock f/ Lil' Kim * Album: Bigger and Blacker Song: Monica Interview Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * All snippets of Monica's +responses+ are Lil' Kim record samples [Chris Rock] Thanks for the interview Monica Now Monica, everyone seems to think they know ALL there is to know about Monica Lewinsky -- but Monica, could you tell us one thing that people would be surprised to know about you? "I used to be scared of the dick; now I throw lips to the shit  Handle it, like a real bitch.." [Chris Rock] Very interesting! Now Monica, there seems to be a lot of demands on your time. Could you tell us what a quiet evening with Monica Lewinsky would be like? "Got buffoons eatin my pussy while I watch cartoons.." [Chris Rock] Hmm, sounds like fun! Now Monica, who were your role models? "Zsa Zsa Gabor, Demi Moore, Prince Diane and all them rich bitches.." [Chris Rock] Now in the transcript, you refer to the President as Butthead Did the President have any nicknames for you? "Poon-poon nanny-nanny, punanni danni.." [Chris Rock] Ahh, cute! Now Monica, you and the President had a lot of phone sex. What was the one thing that you would say to the President that would make him acheive orgasm? "Before you nut, I'ma dribble down your buttcheek  Make you wiggle, then giggle just a little.." [Chris Rock] Now Vernon Jordan helped you get a job What's the first thing you said when you met Vernon Jordan? "It's on nigga what? Pussy greased up  Stack the G's up, keeps the knees up.." [Chris Rock] So are you saying you had an affair with Vernon Jordan too? "I made my intro, gettin fucked in the Pinto.." [Chris Rock] Monica you appear to be having sex with everybody How do the interns treat you? "They be suckin blackberry molasses out my asses.." [Chris Rock] Now now that we're on it, how come you never had sex with Al Gore? "I got no patience for little dick tastin.." [Chris Rock] What about Ken Starr? "He be lookin fruity, but you still can eat the booty.." [Chris Rock] Now Monica, do you have any regrets about your relationship with the President? "Somethin I wanted, but I never was pushy  The motherfucker never ate my pussy.." [Chris Rock] Hey, here's the President right now, Bill Clinton! Now Mr. President, before we go, is there anything you'd like to say to Monica Lewinsky? 	* Eazy-E sample * "Bitch shut the fuck up!  Get the fuck out of here!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Keyshia Cole f/ Lil' Kim, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Just Like You Song: Let it Go Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [DJ scratches] [Keyshia Cole - Intro] You need to get if he don't wanna LOVE you the right way, he ain't gonna It ain't where he's at, it's where he.. WHERE HE WANNA BEEE, YEAH-HEAA [Missy Elliott] YO KEYSHIA! YES!! (Whoo!) Fire.. (uh-huh) I like this one right here This one for all my ladies y'all Holla! Uhhhhhhh-huh Let's go! I don't want'cho maaaaan, 'cause I got it like that But it ain't even gotta be like dat, eh-heh-heh-heh-heh Yo' man he be callin me back He say I'm fine and a matter of fact - heh-heh-heh-heh He ask how I do that that fit my jeans over Baby Phat Listen, I don't know the type of tricks he playin But I should warn you, I don't want yo' man (c'mon) [Keyshia Cole - Verse One] I understand why you wanna try to make him stay home late at night But if he wanna go, he'll be GONE no lie I can't explain how many times I tried How many times I cried thinkin about mine and where he might be (Baby, I don't wannaaaaa know) Remember when I gave everything I've got Couldn't get deep down inside How you love someone who didn't love me? (c'mon) But now I get if he don't wanna love you the right way, he ain't gonna It ain't where he''s at it's where he, where he wanna beeeee [Chorus 2X] If he ain't gonna love you, the way he should then let it goooo If he ain't gonna treat you, the way he should then let it goooo [Missy Elliott] When this song come on in the club, they gon be like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot And when they play it in the car, they gon' drop they tops like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (WHOOP!) They gon' mix it with Biggie, "IT WAS ALL A DREAM.." like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot Me and Keyshia don't stop, 'til the tick don't tock like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot [Keyshia Cole - Verse Two] Now understand why I take my time cause you come with alibis Tryna get me to see that's where you tryna be But I don't want your man! Your man's been callin me, tryna get me to see that he wants me to be with him but he ain't the one for meeeee But if you only knew (only kneeeeew) You would, do what you had to Finally see that (finally get the chance to see that...) You need to get if he don't wanna LOVE you the right way, he ain't gonna It ain't where he's at, it's where he.. WHERE HE WANNA BEEE, YEAH-HEAA [Lil' Kim] Uh, uh, uh Here's a little lesson, Lil' Kim don't stress 'em Kick 'em all straight to the curb like Beckham Broke wit my ex, he with her for now but little do she know, she's just a rebound (HEEY!) Callin my phone, she's so outta pocket I been there before ol' girl, you need to stop it When he's with you, he's wishin it was me You might be where he's at, but I'm where he wanna be Baby, BAY-BAY! [Missy Elliott] HANDS UP IN THE AIR!! When this song come on in the club, they gon be like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot And when they play it in the car, they gon' drop they tops like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (WHOOP!) They gon' mix it with Biggie, "IT WAS ALL A DREAM.." like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (that's right) Me, Kim, and Keyshia don't stop, 'til the tick don't tock like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot [Missy Elliott - Outro as music fades] YES... FIRE, BABY! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Keyshia Cole f/ Lil' Kim, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Let It Go 12" Song: Let it Go (Original Version) * Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com * - In this version, Lil Kim's verse is extended [DJ scratches] [Keyshia Cole - Intro] You need to get if he don't wanna LOVE you the right way, he ain't gonna It ain't where he's at, it's where he.. WHERE HE WANNA BEEE, YEAH-HEAA [Missy Elliott] YO KEYSHIA! YES!! (Whoo!) Fire.. (uh-huh) I like this one right here This one for all my ladies y'all Holla! Uhhhhhhh-huh Let's go! I don't want'cho maaaaan, 'cause I got it like that But it ain't even gotta be like dat, eh-heh-heh-heh-heh Yo' man he be callin me back He say I'm fine and a matter of fact - heh-heh-heh-heh He ask how I do that that fit my jeans over Baby Phat Listen, I don't know the type of tricks he playin But I should warn you, I don't want yo' man (c'mon) [Keyshia Cole - Verse One] I understand why you wanna try to make him stay home late at night But if he wanna go, he'll be GONE no lie I can't explain how many times I tried How many times I cried thinkin about mine and where he might be (Baby, I don't wannaaaaa know) Remember when I gave everything I've got Couldn't get deep down inside How you love someone who didn't love me? (c'mon) But now I get if he don't wanna love you the right way, he ain't gonna It ain't where he's at it's where he, where he wanna beeeee [Chorus 2X] If he ain't gonna love you, the way he should then let it goooo If he ain't gonna treat you, the way he should then let it goooo [Missy Elliott] When this song come on in the club, they gon be like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot And when they play it in the car, they gon' drop they tops like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (WHOOP!) They gon' mix it with Biggie, "IT WAS ALL A DREAM.." like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot Me and Keyshia don't stop, 'til the tick don't tock like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot [Keyshia Cole - Verse Two] Now understand why I take my time cause you come with alibis Tryna get me to see that's where you tryna be But I don't want your man! Your man's been callin me, tryna get me to see that he wants me to be with him but he ain't the one for meeeee But if you only knew (only kneeeeew) You would, do what you had to Finally see that (finally get the chance to see that...) You need to get if he don't wanna LOVE you the right way, he ain't gonna It ain't where he's at, it's where he.. WHERE HE WANNA BEEE, YEAH-HEAA [Lil' Kim] Uh, uh, uh Here's a little lesson, Lil' Kim don't stress 'em Kick 'em all straight to the curb like Beckham Broke wit my ex, he with her for now but little do she know, she's just a rebound (HEEY!) Callin my phone, she's so outta pocket I been there before ol' girl, you need to stop it Trickin on me when he tell you he ain't got it You don't get the picture? My picture's in his wallet (WOO!) Never ever thought I would leave him alone But I let a dog roam, now he wanna come home But I, don't trust him, though I still love him No longer want him, lookin at his cousin Kinda buzzin, loose off the Goose Got him on the chase like cranberry juice When he's with you, he's wishin it was me You might be where he's at, but I'm where he wanna be - baby, BAY-BAY! [Keyshia Cole] LOVE YOU! HEY! - Let it gooooooo... Let it goooooo-hoooo, let it goooooo-hooooo (Leeeeet it goooo...) OH.. (Let it go, let it go, let it go) It's where you wanna be.. (Let it go, let it go, let it go) [Missy Elliott] HANDS UP IN THE AIR!! When this song come on in the club, they gon be like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot And when they play it in the car, they gon' drop they tops like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (WHOOP!) They gon' mix it with Biggie, "IT WAS ALL A DREAM.." like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (that's right) Me, Kim, and Keyshia don't stop, 'til the tick don't tock like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot [Missy Elliott - Outro as music fades] YES... FIRE, BABY! Kim, Keyshia, and Missy... Don't get no hotter than that...ha! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue f/ Lil' Kim & Junior M.A.F.I.A. Album: The Professional Part 2 Song: Chinatown Typed by: dmxx67@hotmail.com [Lil' Kim] Yeah How many hitters can stand the rain (Queen Bee Entertainment I'm runnin shit now) This is only a test La la la la la (What We told you it was commin) La la la La la la la la (We in front of the scenes and in back of the scenes so what you gon do now) La la la [Lil' Kim] Bitches wanna front on me But know not to come to me I keep ten glocks Ten rotts up in front of me (grr) Like they sprayin sumin (Sprayin sumin) Like they sayin sumin (Sayin sumin) I gets my bark on like I'm DMX or somethin (What) My reach is like Louis stiff eighty-four Yours is like Evander seventy-seven slow Thanks to Taebo I'm thirty two and O When I catch a knock out bitches bring the cops out Two for five spots I tear the rocks out Pop the tops out then clear the spot out (Yea outta here) Nigga or bitch you don't want no problems (Fuckin assholes) My revolver is a quick problem solver Don't never think I'm slippin (Why) Bitch I ain't dumb I carry a stun gun inside of my hair bun Hatin ass niggas I treat you like a bitch Strap on a fake dick and stick you where you shit I got warriors that's three time felons Leave ya body swellin Leakin from ya melon And it ain't no tellin when the bodies start smellin Somebody took the story and sold it to Helen Kelly The guns and thing you sing about bring em out Like I thought y'all havin a gun drought I'm a millionaire I ain't rhymin for the cash I'ma relax and let my niggas get in ya ass [Banger] All ya'll niggas is narrow straight parrel Nigga like Banger make you swallow the barrel (Swallow it) Criminal I ain't tryna battle (Neva dat) on a ground or gravel Through four make the hollows travel [Bristal] I got Montana nines more tangled lines Who wanna wine and dine with Bris get in line I fight like I rhyme niggas thirsty to shine Can't jack mine I'm one of a kind [Banger] Die slow y'all niggas is dust like pyro You sleep with your eyes close Might as well be blind fold See how much my nine hold blast my one Dos tres to the cuatro cinco Reload bitch [Bristal] How you want it Head or gut You soft like baby butt (I like that) When these Brooklyn niggas come threw Their jewels they tuck For what Intimidated how we hop out the truck Or the S type Jag Y'all niggas straight fag [Chorus: Lil' Cease] This is for my niggas who ain't never have shit Ridin round town with gun in masses Copped out the ten years but only had six All the ghetto hoods with only one bad bitch [Lil' Kim] This is for my bitches who ain't never have shit Settin niggas up for all they stashes Love cats with Roleys and Carti glasses Nasty hoes who take it in they asses [Lil' Cease] I ain't gotta tell y'all niggas where I'm from I ain't never tell no bitch when I cum I'm far from a lame you will never see me run You know how we do it beef jump into it M.A.F.I.A.'s the gang max out the squadron Nine millimeter team Mack 11 mobs men Who said we ain't rich Kim's bling cost a fortune Queen Bee niggas shootin anything crawlin From now on it's on when I catch you niggas snorin Any fresh event you can bet niggas sportin Betta leave town catch a flight in the mornin Get the cold out ya eyes somebody bout to die Three niggas got beef three niggas got to go Hit em all in the row like tic tac toe Where you start is where you finish at Show y'all the meanin of fam Remember dat [Chorus: Lil' Cease] This is for my niggas who ain't never have shit Ridin round town with gun in masses Copped out the ten years but only had six All the ghetto hoods with only one bad bitch [Lil' Kim] This is for my bitches who ain't never have shit Settin niggas up for all they stashes Love cats with Roleys and Carti glasses Nasty hoes who take it in they asses The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Akon, Lil' Kim, R. Kelly, T-Pain, Young Jeezy Album: We Takin' Over (Remix) 12" Song: We Takin' Over (Remix) Typed by: ericavon00@hotmail.com [R. Kelly] + (Akon Talking) D-DJ Khaled!!! D-DJ Khaled!!! and Kels!!!!! D-DJ Khaled!! (Ohhhhh) D-DJ Khaled!!! (Konvict Muzik!!) Kels!! Akon!!! (Yeahh) The Remix!!! [R. Kelly] Listen!! All dressed up... ready to go!! All shined up... ready to glow!! Drop that top... ready to roll! Up in the club... ready to ho! Gimee that mic man I'm ready to flow! Kels takin ova bitch fo sho! Pop champagne ready for patrol! Fire that purple up ready to blow! Ima tell you like it is young fella Stay in your place where it be's young fella Singin ain't all I do young fella So keep it movin right along young fella!! Dont-Dont get mad cause-cause-cause Kels got girls showin him much-much L Akon tell 'em why we go excel... [Chorus: Akon] Cause We Takin Ova!! One city at a time! Said We Takin Ova!! One city at a time! Said We Takin Ova!! One city at a time! Said We Takin Ova!! One city at a time! [T-Pain] It used to be me 8-5-0 Ridge road and fiiiiiiiiiiiive hundred dollars ye-ye-ye-ye-yes TS we be the best we dress to impress with a sean john collar holla if you hear me, bad man coming fire come out, sugar man runnin gunnin, rubbin, push it to the limit of receipt finnin to jump off, jump it (ha) bad man again I'm the numba one shotta test the best get your whole block shot up this is why we hot get your whole block hotta like ha ha ha ha! I'm the man right now homey wait your turn you can't buy the shit that I earn trust me you don't wanna feel the burn like... ...hey hey hey hey hey!! [Lil' Kim] What that do bitch?!?! I got what you need Kim give it to you real The highs and the lows however you wanna feel You want that night out?I got that night grill You want that matrix?then choose the right pill fuck I think I do this shit for my health? same clothes every week and yall ain't seein my wealth on the low.i keep a bankroll like (Fresh!) cocktail dress by John Galiano in a restaraunt owned by Taliano's I'm a boss bitch my last name should be Soprano switchin up phones so them boys can't follow they tryin to lead me to the old adress I left a note too and ain't been back since I'm in a new state, a new place with new plates shit damn near a new face so by the time they try to build them a new case I'm gone like yesterday - what? [Young Jeezy] Look - I am the streets real niggas shit and thats word to meet you she like my wrist so she follow the rainbow now I'm switchin lanes she tryin to follow the lambo Can't keep up bitch follow the Range Rove' but be cool cause my goons in there and a couple of guns and a couple of clips and a couple of K's and a couple of bricks and then I throw it in the pot now what the fuck that cook like? Mark Jacobs don't know what the fuck I look like Hey -this a remix ain't it? Just copped a new 'rarri and I just might paint it Just copped a new plane and I just might fly it Just left atlantic mall and I just might buy it Stay strapped nigga don't even try it Pockets so fat I need to go on a diet [DJ Khaled Talking] Listen!! Hears to DJ Khaled the don of data.Big dog pitbull terror squad AKA the beatin novacain AKA we the best!!!!Danger on this track!! Marcella what it does!!This is the remix!!We the best... ...  God loves me... ... Listen!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Tomekk f/ Lil' Kim, Trooper Don Album: Kimnotyze 12" Song: Kimnotyze Typed by: accesskimmie@yahoo.ca * * send corrections to the typist [Intro Lil' Kim] Gib's mir rischtisch, gaaans egal wo Ow [Chorus 1 Lil' Kim (Troop)] Kimmie, Kimmie, Kimmie Can't you see Sometimes ya style just hypnotize me (And I just love your sexy ways I guess that's why they broke  And you're so paid) [2x] [Verse 1 Lil' Kim] I'm a big dog, ya'll don't wanna *uh* wit me I rule on th streets like a trucker B Move out my way when it's time to get paid What you know about hydrolics on the escalade We hit switches like they do in Cali Cept we ain't in 6-4s we low ride in dinaleys Lexus, Vipers, eatin' up the flo' Straight-out swordfish wit the TVO Since I been gone I know you miss my touch Well I'm back, wit the Armez Laburky clutch And the Harry Winstons, limited edition And a tri-color range, I'm off the chain Lil' Kim and Tomekk, we so hot we burnin' Give it to you in English, put it down in German Gib's mir rischtisch, gaaans egal wo Said 'Roll right or don't roll at all' Now, getcha walk on, getcha rub on All my Gs in the club, getcha thug on Getcha name back, putcha bling on Big ballas at the bar, getcha drink on Love to smoke out, getcha steam on Low riders hittin' switches getcha lane on Getcha game back, putcha mack on And if I hear you talkin' yak, getcha smack ob [Chorus 2 Lil' Kim] Kimmie, Kimmie, Kimmie Can't you see Sometimes ya style just hypnotize me And I just love your sexy ways I guess that's why they broke  And you're so paid [2x] [Verse 2 Troop (Lil Kim)] Ich bin horny,  Yell, ich geb´s dir von vorne Troop, Lil Kim, DJ Tomekk Wieder werd ich No 1, wah dan, wah dan, wah dan Bei dir gibt´s so viel zu sehn, da gibt´s keine Logik, Da gibt´s nix zu verstehn Kimmy, willst du mit mir gehn? Verlier meinen Verstand, ja, das muss ich gestehn Mein Feuer, das brennt lichterloh Von Karlsruhe bis nach Itzeho Du treibst es auf die Spitze, du  (Gib's mir rischtisch, gaaans egal wo) In der Küche auf dem Herd In der Scheune auf dem Pferd, ......?,  Und danach noch mehr (Gaaans egal wo) Und ich weiß es gefällt dir sehr (laugh) Kimmy, ich weiß genau was ich tun soll Und es ist ein tolles Gefühl oh wy [Verse 3 Lil' Kim (Troop)] Getcha walk on (Getcha rub on) All my Gs in the club, getcha thug on (Getcha name back) (Putcha bling on) Big ballas at the bar, getcha drink on (Love to smoke out) Getcha steam on Low riders hittin' switches getcha lane on (Getcha game back) Putcha mack on And if I hear you talkin' yak, getcha smack ob [Chorus 1 2x] Hahahaha, hehe, gaaans egal wo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fat Joe f/ Lil' Kim Album: Jealous Ones Still Envy (J.O.S.E. 2) Song: Porn Star Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Lil' Kim] + (Fat Joe) My lips is thick, my hips is curvy My body's sick, I like it dirty Work it baby (uhh) work it baby (uhh) Work it baby (uhh) hurt me baby (I got you moanin, like a porn star) (I'm all in, I goes hard) (Work it baby) uhh (work it baby) UHH (Work it baby) UHH! (Hurt me baby) [Fat Joe] I never seen a ass like that No I never seen a ass so fat, tat-ta-tat UHHH I'ma beat it 'til tomorrow And all I keep tellin her is shut up bitch, swallow Your legs is shakin, I won't hurt'cha Now you can be the star of that milk commercial Wipe your lips (uhh) wipe your tits (uhh) Brace yourself I'm 'bout to hit you with this UHH Ahh ha ha ha~! I couldn't say it Cause the radio station, they wouldn't play it I'm too perverted, I'm 'bout to hurt it The jury's all in, that pussy's murdered [Lil' Kim] Yeah, that right there, I'ma make it hot in here I'ma do a dance in my freaky wear, looky here How you want it daddy? Just let mommy know Bouncin on that thang like hydraulics on a sixty-fo' I got that juicy juicy, you gon' need a straw The platinum pussy show a nigga what he trickin for Skinny short thick and long when I ride that pony Make it rain and lightning on me, anything I want just buy it for me Cars and jewelry, I like expensive clothes My Puerto Rican baby can you pay my house note? It's that Murder Mami, Lil' Kim the Queen Bee I got that voyeur baby I'ma make you need me [Fat Joe] I go hard all in, get deeper and deeper I beat beat it up, I'm blowin your speakers .. and I ain't talkin 'bout a tweeter Puerto Rican to the core, no boricuas eat the krika Shit, I have you moanin Fuckin your best friends 'til 6 in the mornin She kissed a girl, guess what? She like it Oh that's your girl? Go 'head and wife it Now fuck her I did, I went and piped it Put her on that video where evr'-you all invited Fuck faces expressions get me excited That pussy make me work, I don't need a diet The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Lil' Kim Album: The Mix Tape Volume 2 Song: Kim Freestyle Typed by: lionclaw@bellsouth.net Mmm, mmm-mmm Check it out, the Queen Bee That's me My man Flex, he's up next Yeah, check it out Hey, yo Flex There's a lot of mufuckers out here that wanna be like us... real bad But we got to show them who's on top Nuhmean? Uh, check it out, uh Fellow bitches, adapt to any rebel wishes Check it out, the Queen Bee Lil' Kim, Yeah That's right Lil' Kim in the house Check it out Wit my man, Flex Uh Sometime a gal can get couth, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh! Ain't that the truth? Frontin like they bulletproof And those with no couth Get thrown off the roof, like Bishop with the Juice part-nah, let your noose loose Bitches got the audac-ity tryin to say they gettin cash like me, get ass like me You couldn't be as classy as me Even if you roll a Eva curtain and diamonds on the surface it just defeats the purpose Hoe, I'ma double bitch I lick dicks sometimes for the hell of it Who stack chips like computers never celibate Stash weed in Bermuda Look around, look around, the room's empty So, I guess that be me The Queen B, Double E I keep my foes close like I used to chop my hoes close But this cat named Gicanno's  Who used to call me bag lady Cause if you lick me from my index finger to the thumb, it shouldn't stay numb See, I live this life, you wish this life Dream this life, of royals Motherfuckers got you gas motor spoiled So what you gonna do when you run out of oil? Crumble like the foil This goes out to you Sealed with a kiss, the Queenuesche Uh, yeah, check it out Me and my man Flex; we just doin this shit			 That's why I'm up next, you know what I'm sayin? We been there The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Lil' Kim Album: The Mix Tape Volume IV: 60 Minutes of Funk Song: Rockin It Typed by: chris.wilcock@btinternet.com [Funkmaster Flex] Now! We're gonna do it Lil' Kim Style Shout to Hillary, D-Roc, Brooklyn, Lil' Cease, Junior M.A.F.I.A. [Lil' Kim] Yeah, uh You put your bliss in I put my wrist in, what's missing? I'm talking to you, cuz when I shine, I glisten Sure picked a fine time not to listen Now you fucked up, without a pot to piss in Is it me, or is the rap game different? Niggas makin' indirect calls, long distance Thinkin I'm gon' stop, I'm too persistent (uh huh) And I won't drown, I'm water-resistant Mmmm, Think about when you say my name This female rapper got a knuckle game I leave you all out of commission (uh huh) Me fall off? Under one condition (ooh) Ooh, They gotta find my body dumped in the sewer Black and blue-r, underneath horse manur-er C. Delores T., Screw her, I never knew her I'm good, like milk mixed with calugha Intimidated by the songs I made (why?!) You soft like suede, I'm sharp as a blade This ain't a phase, it's the way I was raised And I'm still gon' blaze when I'm old and grey, c'mon CHORUS: Rockin, Rockin, We keep it Rockin, Rockin, We just don't (We don't stop) Stop it, Stop it, Til this real (Til it's hot) Hot, Hot, Whatchu say?! Rockin, Rockin, We keep it Rockin, Rockin, We just don't (We don't stop) Stop it, Stop it, Til this real (We keep it hot) Hot, Hot, Y-y-y-yeah It's QB y'all, sweet and petit About five feet with the oversized heat (what) I've got the right shoes, you've got two left feet One's incomplete, tryna make ends meet Before the album drop, you want a sneak peak You're on the wrong block, this a one-way street Hundred grand petty cash in the hotel suite Move your feet, lose your seat, shall I repeat When the LaLa hits my eyes, red as a beet Niggas hungry? I got something to eat Open your mouth, swallow the skeet Mmm Ahh.. Bon Appetit Can you keep an errection? Cuz Kim got love and affection Let me shoot it off in your direction Only if you pass the inspection, the bassline Meet me in the mezzanine Matter of fact, hop up in my limousine You can trick or treat, like it's Halloween In my Lambourghini, with the green, high beams, squeaky clean The way I gargle like it's Listerine Just be messing up my Maybelline So stick it in me like a vaccine Then I can come clean, like hygiene, in a pocket full of dreams, uh! CHORUS: Rockin, Rockin, We keep it Rockin, Rockin, We just don't (We don't stop) Stop it, Stop it, Til this real (Til it's hot) Hot, Hot, Whatchu say?! Rockin, Rockin, We keep it Rockin, Rockin, We just don't (We don't stop) Stop it, Stop it, Til this real (We keep it hot) Hot, Hot, Y-y-y-yeah Now to the haters, the fake-ass Dons and Donettes I smack you hoes in the face with two techs You can be a redhead, blonde or brunette I ain't tryin to catch rec, I just want respect What the heck, I go to the bank with two cheques Yours and mine, when it's time to pay debts Finally, I can put all this mess to rest And I'm glad I got this bullshit off my chest And we can still go toe to toe, blow for blow Take it to the screen, like Joe Piscapo Go to award shows, lock down the first rows Our ice keep us froze like Eskimos We rock coliseums, submarines Infrared beams with the tank machines So hate all you want, radio gon' knock it We locked in a pocket, and I'mma keep rockin CHORUS: Rockin, Rockin, We keep it Rockin, Rockin, We just don't (We don't stop) Stop it, Stop it, Til this real (Til it's hot) Hot, Hot, Whatchu say?! Rockin, Rockin, We keep it Rockin, Rockin, We just don't (We don't stop) Stop it, Stop it, Til this real (We keep it hot) Hot, Hot, Y-y-y-yeah Rockin, We don't stop, Til it's hot, Whatchu say Rockin, We don't stop, We keep it hot, Y-y-y-yeah [Funkmaster Flex] Yeah.. It's going down, Queen Bee! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gucci Mane f/ Lil' Kim, Ludacris Album: Back to the Traphouse Song: Freaky Gurl (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] GEAH! This the So Icy remix Featuring Lil' Kim (LUDA~!) Yeah I got my Crown Royal, the Coogi on right now man Sit in my cell fiend, I'm good I'm comfortable You feel me? Now she's a very freaky gurl (yeah) don't bring her to mama (yeah) First you get her name (yeah) then you get the number (yeah) Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer {*2X*} She's a very freaky gurl; she get it from her mama (yeah) First you get her name (name) then you get her number (number) Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer {*2X*} [Gucci Mane] Gucci King, ding-a-ling, bet I make your back hurt Bet I make your cat squirt, bet I make your neck jerk Called Lil' Kim, told her better wear a tight skirt Bet I know your type work, bet I make you cum first Gucci Mane (yeahhhhhhh) bet we make a sex tape Put it on the internet, put it on my MySpace (well damn!) Gucci got a big stick, that can sing my ad libs Yeahhhhhhhhh, but you gotta be a Queen Bitch So icy trap star, fucked her like a porn star Brought my ace too, then I fucked her in her own car Face down, ass up, I'ma make her love me Probably don't love me but love to suck and fuck me Gucci wanna sex ya, tell me is you interested? Climb it good or hit it dog, I ain't even in it yet For the twenty minutes dog, I ain't even nutted yet Now she's braggin on me dog, I ain't even started yet [Chorus] - first half [Lil' Kim] I'm a very freaky girl, very freaky girl-girl Very freaky girl, very freaky girl-girl {*2X*} Ohhhh! You want a freaky girl? Welcome to Kim's world You ain't gon' wanna leave just like a kid at Disney World My deep throat have you spurtin like a water gun Coochie overflowin like somebody let the faucet run Bust one nut, I ain't done, I got mo' to cum Friends tell 'em all to come, we gon' have some orgy fun YEAHHHHH, chew on me like some bubble gum I lick you like a lollipop, won'tcha taste my honey bun? It's our little secret, just like my underwear You know pain is pleasure, can you make me shed a tear? Smack my ass, grab my neck, got him cummin everywear I'm a freak so I don't care, just don't get nuttin in my hair Now he callin me wifey, and he want to introduce me Takin me on shoppin sprees, he wanna buy me Gucci (Gucci) Do me like Bootsy on the back of his Suzuki And I ain't even sex him, all I did was let him eat my... COOCHIE! [Gucci Mane] + (Lil Kim) Hahaha, okay! (OHHH!) It's Gucci (Lil' Kim) [Chorus] - second half [Ludacris] LUDA~! I got some brain up in the front seat of the Hummer And if you can make it rain, then Ludacris can make it thunder I ain't messin with these lames, but I seem to make 'em wonder How I came and took the game for the past seven summers How your woman wanna get it from the front, from the back If she with it I'ma hit it from the side Give her what she want, in the 'llac She a freak and I can see it in her eyes She can go tit, for tat, it's so good that I make her wanna cry A little bit of this, a little of that for a two piece biscuit and some fries straight from Church's, your boyfriend's worthless Cause Luda goes DEEP while he barely scratch the surface She itchin fo' a scratch like she DJ J.C. If you lookin for your match BEITCH come and find me I'll be in the A-Town, I ain't that hard to find Put your legs up in the air and see the D.T.P. sign If you wanna meet my momma that's a thang I won't do You say motherfuck me, naw motherfuck YOU, know why? [Chorus] - first half [Lil' Kim] I'm a very freaky girl, very freaky girl-girl Very freaky girl, very freaky girl-girl {*3X*} OHHHHH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Gucci Mane f/) Lil' Kim Album: Burrrprint(2) HD Song: Lil Kim Speaks Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Kim] Ay what it do daddy? Honey girl, Queen Bee, Lil' Kim Ay cut that new Gucci Mane mixtape Burrrprint(2), HD baby Understand me? That joint G'D up Just like my Gucci bag! {*laughing*} So I guess that make me Gucci girl Yeah, ay Gucci baby miss you baby We need you hommmme free Gucci Mane! Free Gucci Mane Can't wait to see you potnah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Iconz f/ Lil' Kim Album: Street Money Song: Get Fucked Up (Remix) Typed by: chris.wilcock@btinternet.com [Lil' Kim] Committee 2000 baby Iconz, Queen Bee, The Remix (DJ Creole) C'mon (Chorus) [Iconz]{Lil' Kim} If you smoke weed now {uh} In this bitch hit you all wanna clown {uh huh} Got a drink that you cant put down {uh, uh!} When a fight, will the shit go down Get fucked up, (get fucked up) Get fucked up, (get fucked up) Get fucked up, (get fucked up) Get fucked up, (get fucked up) When see ?stable? cloudy scenary I'm high off greenery It could be in a VIP sippin' Hennessey With the trick rollin' exstacy Y'all know how these Iconz roll, Iconz flow Drop the system, stay hot like whoa We sure y'all know how we puttin' it down Iconz in the house I'mma shut shit down! Yeah, shut the shit down Time to switch now Crys in the glass to sip now X5, superstar, the Icon mamma Stepped out, tanked out and let's dada That's when I come with, run with Iconz clique, fly bomb shit For all my girls who be shakin' they ass Spendin' the cash, y'all keep sippin' on now, wha (hey) (Chorus) [Iconz]{Lil' Kim} If you smoke weed now {uh} In this bitch hit you all wanna clown {uh, uh} Got a drink that you cant put down {uh huh} When a fight, will the shit go down {uh, uh, the REMIX} Get fucked up, (bitches get fucked up) Get fucked up, (niggas get fucked up) Get fucked up, (c'mon get fucked up) Get fucked up, (everybody get fucked up) [Lil' Kim] Everybody talk fly, but ain't go no plane See me at the front row at the Knick's game Fuck smoking blunts, I take bones to the brain BLOAW! Nig, I got a good-ass aim Nobody get rich without me, now or never Whatever, you niggas need to get it together Icon, Queen Bee, so respect the game This shit right here made off the chain I'm just a fly girl Always rocking thongs with the see-through stockings Gators with the Lizzies Burners for the dead beats WHA?! Mafia, yeah we comin for all, comin for y'all That's right, I got something for y'all What you drinkin'? Me? I'm drunk off Bacardi Oh shit, let's crunk up the party  From New York on the way to Miami Everybody get fucked up, break it down now, BLOAW! (Chorus) [Iconz] If you smoke weed now (come on) In this bitch hit you all wanna clown Got a drink that you cant put down When a fight, will the shit go down Get fucked up, (get fucked up, niggas) Get fucked up, (get fucked up, niggas) Get fucked up, (get fucked up) Get fucked up, (get fucked up) Iconz, Queen Bitch, South dawg to dawn South Dade to Brook-lawn Pop ya Crys and Don I'm higher gone With sexy hoes flexin' thong Got five pounds of jewels round my neck and arm (huh!) Whole clique dime and dub You have the time Y2K, your time is up You prolly, find your sluts spendin' time with us In the hotel sippin little ?Grineda? Yeah, yeah, thugs in the MI Thugs, real dub, big ballin' in the MI Ladies shakin' their money, makin' more doe Iconz, the regulator We made number on the first drop, playa (Come on!) We get you fucked up baby We make you smilin' baby New ? Iconz we made it Right clique got this whole world shakin' (yeah! yeah!) If you smoke weed now In this bitch hit you all wanna clown Got a drink that you cant put down When a fight, will the shit go down Get fucked up, (get fucked up, niggas) Get fucked up, (get fucked up, niggas) Get fucked up, (get fucked up) Get fucked up, (get fucked up) Get fucked up, (bitches get fucked up) Get fucked up, (niggas get fucked up) Get fucked up, (c'mon get fucked up) Get fucked up, (everybody get fucked up) Yeah, Iconz ? Remix DJ Creole, Big Willie We gon' get fucked up West Coast (fucked up) East Coast (fucked up) Down South (fucked up) Worldwide (fucked up) Queen Bee (fucked up) The Committee (fucked up) Come on now (fucked up) Get up now (fucked up) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Intro f/ Lil' Kim Album: Funny How Time Flies CD-S Song: Funny How Time Flies (Remix) Typed by: Superwog2000@hotmail.com Funny how time flies when you're making love It goes on and on and on We just can't go wrong Funny how time flies when you're making love It goes on and on and on We just can't go wrong [Verse 1] Saturday night, I feel alright Heading to your place Kiss your lips, fingertips Slide down past my waist Feel the heat, rising me Just inside your drawers Throw me down, back to the ground Under and explore, yeah You keep my mind goin' baby You know what to do The way you slide down on me I get so into you Girl your love is what I need And I don't want to be missin' So do whatever you want to me tonight And let the time keep on slippin', slippin' Funny how time flies when you're making love It goes on and on and on We just can't go wrong Funny how time flies when you're making love It goes on and on and on We just can't go wrong [Verse 2] You got me hypnotized, mesmerized Inside your thighs, gonna take a ride In and out, just let it flow And I don't want to let it go I feel your body start to shiver Ready to deliver Can I get wet, can I get some baby Oh here she comes You keep my mind goin' baby You know what to do The way you slide down on me I get so into you Girl your love is what I need And I don't want to be missin' So do whatever you want to me tonight And let the time keep on slippin', slippin' [Verse 3 - Lil' Kim] I'm momma diamonds linin' Rolex shinin' niggas bustin' like a bitches hymen Lil' Kim excite all you freaks Bentaon sheets with the leather trim down the pleats bank rolls and Moschino pillow cases clocks with platinum faces, whatever the case is the sexiest, the dressiest, yeah it's the messiest the high genus the cleanest So why you peepin', creepin', sneakin' Dreamin' of sleeping with this queen bitch Didn't you wish for nights like this 5 subtract 3, heart beats in 2 see There's gonna be a lot of back scratchin', eye catchin' lit matchin, it's on if only we could just skeet all night Sip grandma yay, the hen rocks we getting ice but now its morning, yawning sure its a lil' early so go home to your girl or better yet call her up let her know You was with a gangstress left you anxious and vanquished Uh, Clarke Kent, Intro, Lil' Kim just to let you know Stop the slippin', the mo sippin' and let the (time keep on slippin') Funny how time flies when you're making love It goes on and on and on We just can't go wrong Funny how time flies when you're making love It goes on and on and on We just can't go wrong Funny how time flies when you're making love It goes on and on and on We just can't go wrong Funny how time flies when you're making love It goes on and on and on We just can't go wrong The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Isley Brothers f/ Lil' Kim, R. Kelly Album: Body Kiss Song: Body Kiss Typed by: JrRogers@eastlink.ca * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: R. Kelly] Ticka ticka yeah, ticka ticka uh Ticka ticka yeah, ticka ticka uh Ticka ticka yeah, ticka ticka uh Ticka ticka uh It's Mr. Biggs ya'll, ticka ticka uh With another hit, ticka ticka uh It's Mr. Biggs ya'll, ticka ticka uh With some freaky shhh..., ticka ticka uh [Verse 1: Ron Isley] Groove if you're ready baby (Whoop) For me to drive you crazy (Whoop) 'Bout to make you my lady (Whoop) Have you screamin' Ronald take me Now we about to play this game This freaky, freaky game And I'm gonna let you win [Chorus: Isley Bros] Baby, body kiss Meaning anywhere you want it I will kiss From your head down to your toes Just make one wish And I will kiss, from your *mwah*, and your *mwah* From you *mwah*, to your *mwah* [2x] [Verse 2: Ron Isley] Girl you haven't felt this kind of love for ages like (Whoop) Girl what I got for you is so contagious like (Whoop) Turn around and see that rear, embrace it now (Whoop) I'm about to lay you down and taste it now (Whoop) Now we about to play this game This freaky, freaky game And I'm gonna let you win [Chorus 2x] [Bridge: Ron Isley] From the club, to valet, to my crib, the driveway Body kiss is the name of the game that we play In the door, we go, now you're out, of your clothes Kissing you, all over, 'till you're screamin', for more [Verse 3: Lil' Kim] Say my name, Lil' Kim, it's you and me Go to the V.I. and make some honey Let me dance for you like a stripper in the club Queen Bee gon' take that money Let's do it in the Caddy, Sugar Daddy Watch a movie in the jacuzzi We can make an X rated version of (R. Kelly's) Feelin' on my booty (Whoop) Mr. Biggs, I really like how you kiss me From my *mwah*, to my *mwah* You really handle your biz (Whoop) I think I like this game, this freaky, freaky game And I wanna play again Mr. Biggs, Queen Bee [Chorus 2x] Body kiss, I will kiss Make one wish From your *mwah*, and your *mwah* From you *mwah*, to your *mwah* Body kiss, I will kiss Make one wish From your *mwah*, and your *mwah* From you *mwah*, to your *mwah* Body kiss, I will kiss Make one wish The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Isley Brothers f/ Angela Winbush, Lil' Kim, 112 Album: Float On 12" Song: Float On (Bad Boy Remix) Lil' Kim: Mr. Biggs, you know you got to keep me jigs Mr. Biggs, you know you got to keep me jigs Mr. Biggs chorus (112) Float on, float on, float on, float on (Don't you know I want your love, don't you know I need your love) Float on, float on, float on, float on (Don't you know I want your love, don't you know I need your love) Ronald Isley: Can't get you off of my mind Girl I've been thinking of you So lets not waste our time Tell me what you want to do Your body's hot for mine Girl let me hold you real tight Don't rush lets take our time I wanna love you all night Angela Winbush: You know just what to do Go down and taste my love I'll do the same for you You know what I'm thinking of Tonight I'm gonna cry Until I'm soaking wet Do every thing you like Baby comfort me chorus (112) Float on, float on, float on, float on (Don't you know I want your love, don't you know I need your love) Float on, float on, float on, float on (Don't you know I want your love, don't you know I need your love) Ronald Isley: Don't wanna stop this groove Just wanna keep goin on The way your body moves Oh girl I can't let you go Just let me come inside Until you can't take no more You're body wrapped on mine Now baby, let me explode Angela Winbush: You gotta give me some more I love the way it feels The way you caress me Take me to ecstasy Oh baby up and down Just hit it all around This love it feels so right Bring it hold me too Lil' Kim: Lil' Kim, you don't know what type of chick this is Number one all that of the mistresses Mr. Biggs you know you got to keep me jigs Even though it might mean stealing chips from kids (say what!) You know why mink coats is too high for you folks Give C-notes every time I get close Ya loosing it, acting like ya new to this Get true to this, make it shift in my uterus Sexing in the Ascamartin, when wifey comes home Get the dough and I'm departing I wanna see if you can make me scream I hate ya Give me back shots so I can sweat out my cream of nature (112) Don't you stop You turn me on I need release, whoa Love me here, touch me there Something to share chorus (112) Float on, float on, float on, float on (Don't you know I want your love, don't you know I need your love) Float on, float on, float on, float on (Don't you know I want your love, don't you know I need your love) Lil' Kim: Mr. Biggs, you know you got to keep me jigs Mr. Biggs, you know you got to keep me jigs Mr. Biggs (again with chorus and ad libs) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Lil' Kim, Puff Daddy Album: In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 Song: I Know What Girls Like Typed by: janis@betatesters.com [Verse One: Jay-Z] Peep the scripts, Scoped honey from the whip Jumped out like YO! Who the fuck you with? Flash the jewels cause that's the rule Damn I like a girl who spend a little cash for her shoes Face natural - can I get at you? Saw a spot on the body look nice with a tattoo With my name, but didn't want to jump the gun I Didn't Know how many niggas was humping hon I said I never seen a face like yours before And I been around some cute whores before That either me or my boys tore it up before So I'm hoping you different  Let you push the 6 And give you a different life and Baby if it's right jump on it in the morning And ride it 'til the night Want to buy you real jewelry when it hits the light Bitches'll momentarily lose they sight She said I know what boys like I know what they want I know what boys like, boys like I know what boys like I know what they want I know what boys like, boys like me [Verse Two: Lil' Kim] So want a cutie with a booty like POW! Deeper than a MILE! Earrings shine like TADOW! But I'm a real bitch so you know I do real things Only real bitches live like queens - Get it? Safety deposit in the walk-in closet Marvel Forts is for matching Rolls Royce's In the driveway from Monday to Friday I be the richest, shitting on these bitches While chickens cluck giving up the butt I plays the cut with the Daddy Warbucks You can call me a slut, who gives a fuck That's fine nigga shit, I'm a good with mine I can tell by your shoes you know what I want Fuck a pre-nup give me half up front My sex be the best so we split these costs You can stop saying mine And start saying ours I know what girls like I know what they want They want to sex me They think I'm sexy I know what girls like, girls like me I know what boys like I know what they want They want to sex me They think I'm sexy I know what boys like, boys like me [Verse Three: Jay-Z] Got the bomb place, fireplace John Blaze Victoria Secret lingerie, ice like Don Kay The price was like eight digits a long way, shit Got the beachfront view, V1 too Cop you one cop me one too On the place, jet ski's park by the lake No neighbors, make all the noise you want to make Invite your friends over Let 'em make their way through the Benz's and the Rovers before they reach the door Vacate, hey wait, a week or more First class to and fro, freakin off Got to have things locked, champagne popped Cruise around the world 'til the damn thing stop Cop Rembrandt, hang 'em, pay the lot Can't complain, we ballin, true or not ma? [Chorus: 2x] I know what girls like I know what they want I know what girls like, girls like I know what girls like I know what they want I know what girls like, girls like me I know what boys like I know what they want I know what boys like, boys like I know what boys like I know what they want I know what boys like, boys like me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly f/ Lil' Kim Album: The Best of Both Worlds Song: Shake Ya Body Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [R] Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh [Chorus: R. Kelly] + (Lil' Kim) Uh-huh (shake ya body body, move ya body body) Uh-huh (twist ya body body, switch ya body body) Uh-huh (dip ya body body, work ya body body) Uh-huh (any-body body, every-body body) [R. Kelly] Pub-o, drank-o, 'dro plus the Bev-o Hands in the air-o, holla like echo Tone's in the dub with, Momo and Poke-o Tone be like Kujo, I be like Cecil Fists rockin like "ADRIIIAN!" We come through like "Superfriends!" Tick-tock, tick-tock, it's six o'clock And the party won't stop, bout to hit the IHOP Got twenty inch mirrors rollin under the drop So clap that shit up y'all and make it hot [R. Kelly] New York, Chicago, Atlanta, L.A. Miami crazy like yippie-i-yae Rude boys in the club smokin on hay Smoke the choker weed, Cali and the Bay Real live niggaz - put y'all hands up Wanna get tossed - drink that liquor Who's got the industry locked - Kelly and Jigga Trackmasters - turn that shit up [R. Kelly] We got honies everywhere Corks off the Cris' poppin everywhere Partyin hard like we just don't care The best of both worlds, that shit ain't fair [Jay-Z] This shit ain't fair I, am, Jay, Hov' Mami shake ya body body, don't hurt nobody hottie It's me in the God-body, R. Kelly the John Gotti of R&B thug and me I would say I'm probably the hardest rapper to ever cop on poppy and put it in a song, ma how could you go wrong ha? ha? ha? ha? Worse than a armed robbery Know that I'm armed properly, whenever the arm's rocky You can go on clockin me, ain't nuttin gon' stop me High as Allah I be, movin in peace but I move with the piece, so them, dudes in the streets will never remove my piece, ha? ha?, got me Niggaz'll never get me, I never move sloppy Move with the glock-50, got some Tupac with me Let's not test my gangsta, just, raise your glasses Mami, shake ya asses, this is a thug classic [Lil' Kim] Make a hole make a hole and let the Queen come past I come through in the speedboat, with 808's in the glass Push big things here, bet most of y'all crash Back to trainin lightweights, you in the wrong weight class Haters, stay awake, fuck the Harlem Shake We "Slam" dance like Onyx, check my ebonics You got, heat nigga you thinkin we won't blaze? Gotta come hard cause these are the last days When I, do it I do's it, ain't no more to it (word) Ask Ice Cube I puts my back into it From car dealers to Macy's, the cashiers embrace me We train like the Navy for whatever the case may be I pass on the 6, they don't impress me much I want the bulletproof 7 cause the doors lift up They pick the best of all girls, so how y'all sound? I got the best of both worlds, holdin me down [R] Uh-huh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J.D. f/ Mase & Lil' Kim Album: Life in 1472 Sdtk. Song: You Get Dealt Wit Typed by: HJWESS1@msg.pacbell.com Mase [talking]: Just show me the Bounce J, once I get the bounce, I'mma be good. Niggas gon' hate me I get that. Then I'll have everything J.D. [overlapping Mase] Fuckin' with my dough is like fuckin' with my pride & fuckin' with my hoes is like fuckin' with my high That's two things in life that you just don't mess with Act like a trick & like a trick you get dealt with Mase Now I know you love my lazy flow but here come my crazy flow Do this shit 'cause it make me dough do it again to make me more Rich is only way to go givin' you what you pay me for What you lookin' shady for? Bitch you ain't got my baby hoe. Top down 64 radio AC blow They peep though think that automatically 'cause this nigga roll with Puff Daddyo he gotta be ridin' in a B-E-N-T-L-E but why? Cause you see a young nigga like me out doing it wanna come & put ya two in it wanna ruin it see me pursuin' it & wanna spend what's mine First you wouldn't give me the time now you gotta get in line Think that Mase gon' trick a dime you out ya fuckin' mind See I'm bout it bout it now is you with it with it? Bitch I don't care how you get ya dough you get it get it Now you can't claim to be a pimp & then go be committed Just like you hit it hit it man another nigga don' hit it uhhh J.D. [Chorus] Fuckin' with my dough is like fuckin' with my pride & fuckin' with my hoes is like fuckin' with my high That's two things in life that you just don't mess with Act like a trick & like a trick you get dealt with [Repeat] J.D. Hoes know to fuck with me & they'll be set fo' life lookin' nice sex right livin' in my paradise I been makin' millions since I was young & still clockin' still rockin' hoe hoppin' showin' all y'all niggas how it's done You know So So sell copies like Kinko's so ya better bend before ya go saying too much shit 'cause all I'm about is makin' dough & makin' mo' keepin' my glow sho nuff unlike yo' stuff I make the shit that keep 'em runnin' to the sto' Swappin' drop tops on the regular spittin' game on the cellular If I meet a hoe and the hoe ain't tryin' to fuck then the hell with her I'm tellin' ya Shit we do ya can't erase took a little change of pace me & Mase for the niggas that hate we still up in yo' fuckin' face. Chorus Lil' Kim Uhh Now why the fuck you keep blamin' me? You the one that try to shoot game to me Thug ass bitch you claim to be y'all hoes never meant a thang to me Frontin' ass niggas want to roll with us go with us spend a little dough with us got a crush hush on this slim chick with the wet lips & the set hips Too much smoke in the Lex' whip can't pick who I wanna sex with got more weed than a li'l bit Hydro ain't no bullshit Then I come through in the 6 drop me & Li'l Cease doin' the Wop Infrared clips filled to the top y'all niggas need to stop C-Can I say it again say it again? Better come through with a little more win B.I.G. is a slogan R.I.P. 'til I see ya again Ain't no tellin' in this life of sin how much dough you got to spend Take so long you got to bend Grab yo' man snatch yo' bitch fill them flames with them clips When the cops come stash the Indo better throw the weed up out the window Wannabe clowns got jokes ain't shit funny play y'all niggas like dummies click-click Show me the Money!! Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Cease f/ Bristal, Lil' Kim, Puff Daddy Album: Wonderful World of Cease A Leo Song: Play Around Typed by: lionclaw@bellsouth.net, janis@betatesters.com [Puffy] As we proceed To give you what you need B.I.G., mutha fucka's Lil' Cease, mutha fucka's [Bristal] Yo, handsome Hansun Got dough like the Hanson's Niggas come fast, went out like Helly Hanson Mr. Bristal, you will never catch me dancin' Often prancing, only in a mansion In the party, I'm high and drunk, I see you glancin' Never blow my cool, even if it's jammin' If shit hit the fan then I got the cannon Cock, lick-shots, leave 'em where they standin' You can call the cops, I never get ran in Call Blake C., ya'll get the understanding Who my man is, who the fam' is All that bullshit you talk? Can it, we own the planet It's a definite, niggas over money, reppin' it Armageddon it, destroy e'rything when we settin' it You delicate, far away in the country where you better get Assets in, nigga Ya'll need to get wit' some veterans 1 - 	[Big Harve] 	You don't wanna play around 	You don't wanna play around 	You don't wanna play around with me 	No more, I'll kill you 	You don't wanna play around 	You don't wanna play around 	You don't wanna play around with me 	No more, I'll kill you [Lil' Cease] Yo, yo, yo Niggas wanna start shit, push the button See the dough flip from the carpet Me and Bris' about to lock down the market Gats be sparkin', they lie too Not Crips and Bloods, it's Piru B-Roc I'ma die for you Till this day, I'mma ride for you And God forbid, gotta die too When you pull that gat, I'll be right beside you To guide you, on who to hit and not to If a nigga guilty, got to die too That's the real-la, you're talkin' to the roach killer For more scrilla About to upset New York like Reggie Miller Once they say you turn thug, you turn killer Man, it's hard to turn back when a nigga feel ya That's why they tell ya you're nobody 'til somebody kill ya That's why until ya play it back, don't get too familiar Cause if you get too close, my nigga's might fuckin' killa ya Nigga Repeat 1 while: [Lil' Kim] Another one The Queen Bee, extraordinaire Lil' Cease, commin' at'cha For the year 2000 and the new millennium, Uh Fuck all you hoes, I blows like flutes Bitches don't shake my hand, they salute the lieutenant Rich men kiss the back of the hand of the royal highness Pocohontas, Mafia's behind us, ballin' like Utah Didn't think a ghetto bitch could come this far From pushin' Buicks to candy apple red Jaguars Bitch think I'm rich, I could rock a fool blue suit A furry Kangol with some cowboy boots And still be the shit of the night When I come through You be on the side holdin' ya cups like the bums do Waitin' for the Queen to put some change in it I pull out a 'G' and drop it with a hundred grand left in my pocket I promoted this shit, so I got's to make a profit And all the ends are sins to my men's, down his prophet Me and Lil' Cease, it's part two, me partners Layin' niggas down like carpenters So pardon us, like Nike's, we just do it We ain't amateurs to this shit, we used to it And all the bodies I killed, keep 'em on file So when they anniversaries come, we pop Cristall Ask Bristal, the Golden Child, ta-dow Take it how I gives it, you talk it, you live it And don't forget it, bitches [Puffy] Stop tryin' to sound like her too, bitches Repeat 1 while: [Lil' Kim] Ya'll muthafucka's do not wanna play with us Ya'll don't wanna play with us We will fuckin' kill you Set the fucka's right I'll fuckin' kill you I don't give a fuck who it is You don't wanna play around The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Mo f/ Lil' Kim Album: Girl Next Door Song: 10 Commandments Typed by: JrRogers@eastlink.ca * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Lil' Kim] + (Lil' Mo) *One, two, three* Break 'em down Mo *Four, five* Break 'em down *One, two, three* Break 'em down *Four, five* (Don't leave your man 'round me True playa for real, ask my man Chuck D) Break 'em down Mo *One, two, three* (How you keep yo' man in check Gotta follow these steps) *Four, five* *Six, seven, eight, nine, TEN* Break it down [Verse 1: Lil' Mo] Ladies, I wrote me a manual How to keep your man, there's rules you must follow My 10 Commandments, oh oh oh Let me break 'em down for you Rule number one, never give 'em some on the first night Rule number two, never bring your man around your crew Rule number three, never call 'em first, let him call you Rule number four, never let 'em know your every move Rule number five, never tell 'em 'bout your past How many other lovers you had, how many other lovers went bad Make no exception, if you want it to last [Chorus: Lil' Mo] Girl you gotta understand it If you wanna keep your man whipped Follow my 10 Commandments And he'll keep coming back for more [2x] [Verse 2: Lil' Mo] Rule number six, never mix business with pleasure Rule number seven, never move in unless he tells you Rule number eight, never tell your friends about your bedroom Rule number nine, never let 'em know his shoe size Rule number ten, shoulda been rule number one Cuz if you give in on the first night Make sure you grind that thang, scream his name And he'll be yours for life Cuz I know you get excited, and you just can't fight it (And you wanna tell all your friends) But you gotta make sure love's intact If you don't remember I'll bring it back [Breakdown: Lil' Mo] + (Lil' Kim) Remember, there's no such thing (Break 'em down Mo) As giving him too much When it comes to lovin' your man (Break 'em down Mo) It can never be enough Cuz I know you get excited, and you just can't fight it (And you wanna tell everybody) But you gotta make sure love's intact (Break 'em down Mo) If you don't remember I'll bring it back [Verse 3: Lil' Kim] I been in this game for years, it made me an animal Me and my girl Mo wrote ya'll manuals A step by step booklet for you to keep... ... Your man in place and out the next girl face Rule number one, never give a dude money Girl don't be a dumby, let the homie stay bummy Cuz once he start, he won't stop that's it And all he gon' do is spend it on the next chick Rule number two, before you give him some, it's your way Shoppin', the new car, that's what I call foreplay Now don't get me wrong, respect your man But if dude get outta line, check your man Rule number three should been number one to me Never go down 'till he lick you 'round Your neck, your back, your pussy and ass crack (Feel me?) Four, five and six, very important lesson Keep your man guessin', never let him see you stressin' And if you love him, here's seven, eight, nine and ten Never ever, ever mess with his friends You see, follow these rules and you'll have mad bread to break up House on the beach, and mad trips to Jacob He'll be home at night, hookin' you a steak up And keep comin' back for more on the wake up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lox f/ DMX, Lil' Kim Album: Money, Power & Respect Song: Money, Power & Respect Typed by: jannunz@netaxis.com (Lil Kim) See I believe in money, power, and respect. First You get the money. Then you get the muthafuckin, power. After you get the fuckin' power muthafuckas will respect you. (Chorus [Lil Kim]) It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Help you sleep at night. You'll see the light. It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. (Sheek Louchion) Ayo my whole clique bout it, bout it. We take yours while you pout about it. Truck, step out the whore's wanna' crowd around it. You could see me on optimum TV. Go in your bathroom turn the light out. Scream! Bloody Mary, 1, 2, 3.  Sheek ain't your usual friend. About to setchu' up like Kaiser and walk straight at the end. I'm done wit' ice and charms. I'm tryin' my whole casket when I'm gone. Pull up wit' class on the don'. Once I meet em' I greet em'. Kiss his feet for freedom. Tell em' thank you lord. Cuz on Earth I was gettin' bored. Now resurrect me back to this cat called Sheek. So I can make this album. And get back the cats that's weak. Two thirty, six two. Me bust for you that's like a cat vs. a pitbull. Gun, know clip full, keep hunger. And plan for the future, cuz you figure you gon' be older way longer than you gon' be younger. (Chorus [Lil Kim]) It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Help you sleep at night. You'll see the light. It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. It's the key to life. (Styles) Only time could tell how the clock ticks. I'm really loved here but I'm still a hostage. Two personalities check the posture. Smoke out the mouth clear out the nostrils. You think of death but the life seem scary. I'm past the graveyard seein' people Hail Mary I ain't chillin til' I'm out parachutin'. Race my man in mountain climbin' for about ten diamonds. Twenty five thousand a piece. Fuck streets! Tryin' to own the island. Forget about wilin'. Try ridin' in the car that be glidin'. If I showed you where I lived you would think I was hidin'. Sling dick to chicks that don't speak English. Wake up in Trinidad, like fuckin' em rich. Come back. Private jet live on set. If you could shit gold like you split the decks. (Chorus [Lil Kim]) It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Help you sleep at night. You'll see the light. It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. (Jada Kiss) Yo nutin' but the hotness. Whenever we drop this. Monotonous for ya'll to keep hatin', cuz ya'll never gon' stop us. I keep my rocks spotless, and my hoes topless. Take time try to figure out who da Lox is. Fear no one. Kick rhymes like Shoguns. You scared to blow one. Get robbed wit' your own gun. If I don't respect you I'm ah check you. And if I don't kiss you I'm a peck you, right before I wet' chu. I sneeze on tracks an' bless you. I'm special.  And if you like workin' out, then I'm gon' stretch you. Husslin' is dead but we still get red. Turn the spots in the bakeries to get back bread. And ya'll said my monies spent. But it's in the Bent'. So when the feds come the dogs can't get a scent. For my story, self-explanatory  that I'm the hottest thing on the street. An' yall ain't got nutin' for me (Chorus [Lil Kim]) It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Help you sleep at night. You'll see the light. It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. (DMX) Arf, arf. This is a beat that I can freak to just drop the reals. Plus a nigga wit' the ill. Ya'll niggas know my skills. Ass from the grills get em' up, split em' up, wet em' up. And watch em' come get em' up, Set em' up. When you do dirt, you get dirt. Bitch, I'll make your shit hurt. Step back like I did worse. This ain't no fucking game. You think I'm playin, till you layin. To where? The junkyard decayin'. Mom's at home prayin' that chu comin' home. But chu not, cuz you sittin up in the trunk startin to rot. And hell is hot, I know because I'm here now Baby. It's goin' down baby. Git the full pound baby. And let off up in a nigga, especially if he think he bigga' than my muthafuckin' trigga'. Did I? Can I get my? Is it gone? DMX represent for one time. It's on. (Chorus [Lil Kim]) It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Help you sleep at night. You'll see the light. It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ludacris f/ Lil' Fate, Lil' Kim Album: Battle of the Sexes Song: Hey Ho Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Ludacris] If men sleep around we some playas but for women they be sayin [Chorus 2X: Ludacris] HEY HO! They be sayin - HEY HO! They be sayin - HEY HO! They be sayin - HEY HO! They be sayin - HEY HO! They be sayin - HEY HO! If men sleep around we some playas but for women they be sayin [Ludacris] Now I been ridin up in my Bentley coupe, stuntin with the top down Fo' 24-inch rims so heavy they hold the block down 24 karat necklace so heavy it hurt my neck Three things you can't take away from me - money, power and respect I got it and hold onto it, you knew that I never let it GO! You prostitute it, but money I never let it HO! Speakin of hoes, oh yes we meet 'em and we G 'em dude And we may see 'em but we wouldn't wanna be 'em dude I put my fist UP, I got the power girl I wash my nuts off, go take a shower girl It's been a hour girl, it's time to GO And if my neighbor see you while you walkin out my do' [Lil' Kim] Nowww, can't nobody do it like Kim, only woman that can do it like men VVS's be them gems - ho, now count that! My-my-my money comin in, bendin them corners on them rims Gold-plated checkbook, tell me how do ya bounce that? I, bounce into position like I invented the Kama Sutra But money make me cum, go and ask Luda! And women cheat better than men, we don't disturb 'em My motto is "What they don't know won't hurt 'em" We just do it like you do, see the roles done switched If I'm a ho, you's a ho, if I'm a bitch, you's a bitch Know that I'ma stay rich so fellas do what ya do Cause y'all don't fuck us, niggaz we fuck you! [Interlude: Ludacris] + (Lil' Kim) HEY HO! (Now we sayin) HEY HO! (Now we sayin) HEY HO! (Now we sayin) HEY HO! (Now we sayin) HEY HO! (Now we sayin) HEY HO! If men sleep around we some playas but for women they be sayin HEY HO! (But now we sayin) HEY HO! (But now we sayin) HEY HO! (But now we sayin) HEY HO! (But now we sayin) HEY HO! (But now we sayin) HEY HO! If men sleep around we some playas but for women they be sayin [Lil' Fate] She likes the night lights, bright lights, big spendin Lil' Fate been big pimpin pimpin So don't be mad at my raps and try and look at me funny Cause you know that most you ladies tradin sex for money So if you comin out the pocket then you might get laid That's how the rent, car note and cell phone get paid I bet the snakes all show, once you cut that grass And I'm a pimp, so it's time that I exploit they ass You see it's hoes after the party, it's hoes after the show It's hoes up in the lobby, it's hoes out on the stroll (Hey ho!) Here's some No-Doze, no dough, no sleep Ho, on your feet, if you don't work you don't eat! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mase f/ Lil' Kim, Puff Daddy Album: Harlem World Song: Will They Die 4 You? Typed by: jannunz@netaxis.com Yeah 1 - 	How many niggas that'll die for you  	How many get a quiche like the pie, wit you 	I ain't talkin' 'bout those that get high with you  	Niggas know, if a red's on ya head, then they ride with you   	How many niggas that'll die for you  	How many get a quiche like the pie, wit you 	I ain't talkin' 'bout those that get high with you  	Niggas know, if a red's on ya head, then they ride with you  [Puff Daddy]  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah  Well, I'mma ride for you, would you ride for me?  Well, I'mma die for you, would you die for me?  Obviously, we all know you type of cats  Let they man get struck, never strike back  Stay in the street, seven days a week  Shit get hot, you never blaze your heat  Stupid motherfucker wanna play me sweet  So I keep 'em on his toes, that way he never sleeps  Bigger than the king and the Pope, sling no dope  Call me anything but broke  When it's on, I guarantee my team don't choke  Want a war, you niggas better bring yo' force And when I say we won't quit, believe this shit  When I talk about a Benz, let you see the 6  And when I'm talkin' to a ho, let you meet my bitch  When Puff talk, you niggas take heed to this  Repeat 1 [Mase]  Yo, if you down to act, we came to scrap  We beef '89, still watch your back  A nigga smack me, I'mma smack 'em back  If it lead to the guns, then that be that  And lately, niggas that snake me, just make me  Wanna send 'em heat without AC  Thinks I'm sweet, taste me  How much you really want it?  Enough to put a mil' on it or your deal on it?  This year Cancun, guess who I'm going wit My own niggas, see I pay my own trip  Make my own chips, I copped my own 6  I knock my own shit, like I'm on my own dick  My day be short, need coke, raid the fort  I'm knocked by the cops, come blaze the court  And though niggas die for, go on the shelf  Disrespect and spend like a man below your belt Me, I always had, so I never go for self  Had thousand dollar bills with Teddy Roosevelt  Better slow down, tellin' you now, put the dough down  Kick your door down, surround the block  Where you go now?  Fifty shots spit at you and that is not a whole round  Way I leave the furniture, think it was co-found  Here's the low-down, messin' with Mase gotta go down  What more could I say but hey, guess you niggas know now  Repeat 1 [Lil' Kim] Motherfuckin' right I'mma roll with my motherfuckin' dogs  Bitches ain't around when it's time to go to war  This shit here, nothing to fuck with  I'm the same bitch all ya'll wanna try ya'll luck with  Lil' Kim spread like syphilis  You think I'm pussy?  I dare you to stick your dick in this  Chrome 4-4, inconspicuous in the 6-0-0, shit's ridiculous  Speak when you're spoken to and only with permission  Like E.F. Hutton, when I talk, niggas listen  So don't ya'll be mad at me, cuz I'm the Q to the B  To the motherfuckin' E-E  Copped my CD, now all ya'll wanna be me  See me on the TV, beds will dip in 3-D  Peep the CD, chromed out and phoned out  My shit is paid for, your shit is loaned out  I gets it on, money keep growin'  Ice fully glowin', plus I'm bad to the bone  In the danger zone, I hold my own when the pain is gone  Like a splinter I enter  So why should I throw my blows in those Do a bit upstate and take the weight for your troubles  My nigga B.I.G, I'mma ride for  But it ain't too many niggas that I'd die for  Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Methods of Mayhem f/ G. Clinton, F. Durst, Lil' Kim, Mix Master Mike Album: Methods of Mayhem Song: Get Naked Typed by: william_033@yahoo.com [Tommy Lee] Seventy seven million dollars made  From watchin' me cum under the sun On my vacation (after hours on Spectravision) shootin' My jizzy jizzum the woody  Has rissy rizen I ain't gettin' Paid to entertain your birthday showers Rockin my porno tapefor hours n hours Clitoris's are fearin me it's bigger than Ron Jeremy [Fred Durst] Cause it's them ass cheeks that meake my ass weak And I've been runnin' with the blueballs since last week And if you ask me I'll be glad to speak until we get butt naked And break it down with NASTY! [Lil' Kim] (Tommy Lee) Get Get Naked  Come on baby make it hot(Get Get Naked) Ride the cock until ya hit the spot *repeat 2x* [George Clinton] Roof roof Doin' it dogy style Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay  Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay Arf arf [TiLO] The little Geisha ho from tokyo aho said she Could blow ten dollas love me long time in a limo For really doh  I'm just try in to fly with the flows freak up some hoes Blow up the showsmake a little dough-ho I As if you didn't know back to the stripclub freakin' up some ho-ho's Swingin' my dingaling it ain't no thing [Tommy Lee & TiLO] It's those intergalatic ho's who come down in those Space probes five green hienas  Representin with no clothes  Mix Master Mike, Mix Master Mike  Makin' the pussy tight  No jimmy no gimme no lust In the Methods of Mayhem we trust! Its a must so rip off yer clothes and expose yer BUST! [Fred Durst] Cause it's them ass cheeks that meake my ass weak And I've been runnin' with the blueballs since last week And if you ask me I'll be glad to speak until we get butt naked And break it down with NASTY! [Lil' Kim] (Tommy Lee) Get Get Naked Come on baby make it hot(Get Get Naked) Ride the cock until ya hit the spot *repeat 2x* You only Love me when you want punanny [Lil' Kim] Queen bitch red lipstick  The all black harlot call me black Barbie  Fuck a blow job it's a motherfuckin' hobbie Under 7 inches uhh sorry  Minute men I can't fuck wit them  I like to ride the cock till you hit the spot Uhh come on baby make it hot Got a convertable drop the top Before we do a thing I want the diamonds and the rings The furs the minks the jewels the links You know I'm freaky so ya got to eat me and uh  I know you hate it but uh  GET NAKED! [Lil' Kim & Tommy Lee] You ain't lickin' this  You ain't stickin' this we don't want the dick Fuck the cunt games you girls can't complain  And I ain't leavin' til you're sleepin on the cum stains [Lil' Kim] (Tommy Lee) Get Get Naked  Come on baby make it hot(Get Get Naked) Ride the cock until ya hit the spot *repeat 2x* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ Lil' Kim Album: Da Real World Song: Checkin' For You Typed by: lolly_dandc@yahoo.com *Street noise in the background* [Lil' Kim - Talking] See it's two types of bitches in the world You gotta broke bitch, you gotta rich bitch That would explain what I am And what my girl Missy is We da rich motherfuckin' BITCHES! That's right Then you got a bitch like me Who just stand above all bitches That excludes my girl Missy, Mary You know what I'm saying But ya'll know what the fuck I mean I'm the Queen Bee-itch That's right motherfucker what? Ya'll gotta problem wit' it come see me A motherfucker ain't taking my title Or my girl Missy title or my girl Mary title What, that's right you see Only bitches like us are allowed to play a game a chess A real queen needs a king You damn motherfuckin' I don't nigga laying under me That I can't do for me what I can't do for my motherfuckin' self So when ya'll see me in the street This is what I want ya'll to do *Beat starts* Fix your lips, put 'em together nicely and say Say it along, say it along now Say "She's a BITCH!!!!" [Missy - Singing] I was walkin' real slow to the dancefloor He was lookin' at my ass and I turned him up I see him talkin' to his boy on his cellaphone I looked at him and all he could say was "Damn baby, bring it on" I talk shit but I come thru like a storm I keep my piece so sweet yeah nice and warm And all he could feel was this "Love baby" [Missy - Singing Faster] I don't give a fuck About what they think What they say They can call me a freak Call me anything they wanna name I don't give a, I don't give a I just wanna take him home Take him to the house And turn 'em him He ain't checkin' for you I don't give a fuck About what they think What they say They can call me a freak Call me anything they wanna name I don't give a, I don't give a I just wanna take him home Take him to the house And turn 'em him He ain't checkin' for you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeaor' Eliott f/ Lil' Kim Album: Supa Dupa Fly Song: Hit 'Em Wit' Da Hee Typed by: lionclaw@bellsouth.net Uhh Missy, yeah B.I.G. Ha ha, yeah, I like that [Lil' Kim] Uhh, it's the Q to the B to the double E, spittin' lovely And it don't stop, rocks shine through my tank top Where your bank stop, I deposit all the one drops (ha) Think not, excuse me but uh I like to flow Cause this joint knocks harder then Indicot and I be off the wall like the Lox, nightbox filled with Benjamins Me and my girl Misty gettin' pissy up in Bennigans Makin' all of you rappers begin again, like Fennigan Christians repent then sin again, girls wanna be my friend again Lay up in my crib up wit', get up in my linens and While Misdemenor hit notes like Sarafinna, I subpeona you To my funk grooves see, I hit you wit' the huhhh! She wit' ya with the heeeee! [Missy] It wasn't your car that had me all in love with you (you) Cause I've got my own ride and a trunk full of tunes (tunes) I drive through your hood And I hit 'em with chorus I hit 'em with the hee I hit 'em with the I stop 'em with the haaa (I stop 'em with the haaa) Let's drink to you and me, let's drink to you and me Meet me at the bar, heee haaa heee haaa [Missy] It wasn't your money that had me all sprung out (sprung out! sprung out sprung out) Cause I got my own account and my bills in large amount Aye hey hey I drive through your hood chorus I hit 'em with the hee I hit 'em with the I stop 'em with the haaa (I hit 'em wit' the hee, I hit 'em wit' the ha) Let's drink to you and me, let's drink to you and me Meet me at the bar (you can meet me at the bar) [Missy] Long Iced Tea slurp me swiftly, meet me at the bar What's up star? we know who you are Shit, no shit I thought you hadn't noticed The way I roll this Dutch, the way I roll this Dutch Niggaz love my style too much (ha ha) Duck, here comes the shot Bang Bang pllllllrrr! Drop, me and Timbaland like haaa we takin over blocks Like a one billion bitch march I hit em with the heee I hit em with the haaaa I hit em with the hee I hit em with the haa I stop em with the haaa (hee hee ha) I hit em with the heee I hit em with the haaaa I hit em with the hee I hit em with the haa Meet me at the bar (meet me at the bar) Tell me where the party at, where the party at toot toot (You know what I'm sayin', we about to be out like this) Tell me where the party at, tell tell me where the party at toot toot (for the year 2 thou, uh huh me Timberland remember me) Tell me where the party at, tell tell me where the party at toot toot (Lil' Kim, none of ya'll, none of them wanna fuck with us) Tell me where the party at, tell tell me where the party at toot toot (yeah we out nigga) music plays till fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ Lil' Kim, Mocha, Timbaland Album: Can't Hardly Wait Soundtrack Song: Hit 'Em Wit' Da Hee (Remix) Typed by: lionclaw@bellsouth.net Verse One: Lil' Kim Missy (B.I.G.), uhh (hah hah) yeah I like dat Uhh, it's the Q to tha B to tha double E spittin' lovely And it don't stop, rocks shine through my tank top Where your bank stop?, I deposit all of one drop (hah) Thank not, exscuse me but uh I like to flow cause this Joint knocks harder then Indica and I be off the wall like The Lox Night box filled with Benjamins (woo) Me and my girl Missy gettin' pissy up in Benigans Makin' all you other rappers begin again, like Finnigan Christians repent then sin again (woo) Girls wanna be my friend again Lay up in my crib-o-wit', get up in my limousine While 'Misdemeanor' hit notes like Sarafina I subpeona you to my funk room see I hit you wit' da huhhh, she wit' you wit' da hee Verse Two: Missy You're not good enough to satisfy me (uh huh, can't satisfy me) Even with yo cars and all the fly whips, I won't trip (uhh) Cause I got many guys that wanna buy me (uh huh) French cuts for my wrists to keep me hooked smooth out and dip I keep hittin' Chorus I hit 'em wit' da hee (I hit 'em wit' da hee) [Hit 'em wit' da hee] I hit 'em wit' da haa [This ones for you and me] This for you and me Play it in your cars (play it in yo car) Verse Three: Missy Just cause you cash a check and put in in da bank (uh huh) That don't make me want to go out and sleep wit' you (nah nah) I got my own ride and gas in da tank (uh huh) Thanks, but no thanks, I won't be needin' you I hit 'em wit' da Chorus I hit 'em wit' da hee [Hit 'em wit' da hee] I hit 'em wit' da haa This for you and me [For you and me, for you and me] Play it in your cars (play it in yo car) Verse Four: Mocha Uh yo uh yo, it be me M-O, on the M-I-C Repin' N.Y.C., the true V.I.P. And I can't see nobody, who can come this real Get it done this real, gettin' love this real Niggas love this feel, gimme a Dutch to peel Moc-ha takin' ov-er, cause I'm so ill Got used to talkin' shit, they not witnessin' it And while I'm spittin' like this Check what I'm hittin' 'em wit' Bridge Hee haa Hee haa Hee haa (I hit 'em wit' da ha) Hee haa Hee haa Hee haa (I hit 'em with' da hee) Chorus I hit 'em wit' da hee I hit 'em wit' da haa [This is for you and me] This for you and me (this for you and me) Play it in your cars (play it in yo car) Interlude: Timbaland Sometimes I feel like doin' a beat Sometimes I don't, uh huh uh uh Sometimes I feel like movin' my feet Sometimes I won't, wha uh huh Sometimes I feel like doin' a beat Sometimes I don't, uh uh uh uh Sometimes we make you move ya feet Sometimes we don't (yo yo yo yo) Misdemeanor Verse Five: Missy I'm comin' around the corna corna You think you tough, well let me see what you wonna wonna Cause on the mic I get it hot like Datoyna don't I I get the party jumpin' from 5 in the mornin' You wanna bumble wit' da Bee then let me see call her You wanna be a big balla, big spend-aholic I get the feeling that you tryin' to impress me One two one three, hit you wit' da hee Hee hee hee hee hee hee Outro: Timbaland Sometimes I feel like doin' a beat Sometimes I don't, wha uh huh Sometimes we feel like movin' my feet Sometimes we won't, uh uh uh uh Sometimes I feel like doin' a beat Sometimes I don't, uh uh uh uh Sometimes we make you move ya feet Sometimes we won't wha Uh huh, yeah uh huh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mobb Deep f/ Lil' Kim Album: Murda Muzik Song: Quiet Storm (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*rain and thunder in the background*}  [Havoc] In broad daylight get right.. Just been through it all man  Blood sweat and tears Niggaz is dead and shit {*music fades in*} What the fuck else can happen yo? I dont think much more son, word to mother yo We done seen it all, and been through it all yo Let y'all niggaz know right now  Word to mother, for real, for real [Lil' Kim] Queen Bee baby [Havoc] That shit is the truth [Lil' Kim] Lil' Kim, B.I.G. [Havoc] I'm not lyin.. Yo.. {*echoes*} Blowin niggaz wit rusty ass German things Keepin it thorough is our motherfuckin claim to fame Throw on your wetsuit, when it rains, it pours and all Hit em with the four Don't even know him from a hole in the wall Get at me, niggaz wanna clap me, snitches wanna rat me? Put it right where they back be Keep my Dunns close to me, enemies even closer Sendin kites with the Motorolas, yo Give 'em the cold shoulder with a hollow-tip to match Bad apple outta the batch, obsessed with gats Since a little dude, eatin niggaz food, buck-fifty's  Niggaz can kill me but they comin wit me How about that, send the Queen Bee to attack Only a fly bitch like that can leave em and laugh Rock em to sleep, make em think the drama is dead Yo I smile up in your face though I'm plottin instead [Lil' Kim] Uhh, uhh Chorus: Lil' Kim (repeat 2X) Yo it's the real shit, shit to make you feel shit Thump em in the club shit Have you wildin out when you bump this (hip-hop *echoes*) Drugs to your eardrum, the raw uncut Have a nigga OD cause it's never enough [Lil' Kim] "Hot damn hoe, here we go again" +Lyte as a Rock+ bitch, hard as a cock bitch This shit knock for blocks through hardtops in the parkin lots, where my nigga Rock like to spark-a-lot My Brook-lyn style speak for itself Like a wrestler, another notch under my belt The embezzler, chrome treasurer The U-N-O competitor, I'm ten steps ahead of ya I'm a leader, y'all on some followin shit  Comin in this game on some modelin shit Bitches suck cock just to get to the top I put a hundred percent, in every line I drop It's the Q to the B, with the M-O, B-B Queensbridge Brooklyn and we're D-double-E-P What? Y'all wish I lived the life I live Aiyyo Prodigy, tell em what this is Dunn Uhh, uhh Chorus [Prodigy] Yo, I could never get enough of it, yo that's my shit I need that shit, to boost my adrenaline  Yo rock that shit, that real life shit Makes bitches wanna thug it, makes the projects love it  We come through like, "Fuck it" Y'all want problems, persue it, let's do it Infamous Mobb bosses, check out the portrait  at the round table, my Dunn speakin with his Twin ghost It's gangsta how we rock, while you watch Attracted to our style, this is how we get down wit big jewelry and big guns  We get busy, it get grizzly, beat niggaz bloody Twist niggaz frontin, get to runnin  'fore the mens get to dumpin, the fans get to thumpin M-O-B-B, got the whole spot jumpin  When my niggaz step in the place Damn, you gotta luv it Chorus [Lil' Kim] It's the real Hah, it's the real baby, hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Lil' Kim Album: Life After Death Song: Another Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Big] Yeah... fuck you [Kim] Fuck you too! [Big] Fuck you bitch [Kim] Fuck you motherfucker [Big] You ain't shit anyway, fuck you [Kim] You ain't shit, you fat motherfucker [Big] Yeah, whatever whatever [Kim] Whatevah [Big] You wasn't sayin that when you was suckin my dick [Kim] You wasn't sayin that when you was eatin my pussy! [Kim] You a nasty motherfucker! [Big] Check it, uhh [Kim] Crab ass [Chorus One: B.I.G.] What do ya do when yo' bitch is untrue? You cut that hooker off and find someone new I need another bitch (another bitch), in my life [Notorious B.I.G.] Uh-huh, uhh, uhh I know he don't treat you like I treat you Time to explain your game is see-through Sex is lethal, I ain't gon' lie Means to get ya back, I ain't gon' try Like this y'all, my girl sucked anotha nigga dick y'all Light skinned with the chromed out six y'all Thought they was creepin, took trips to V-A every third weekend While you was sleepin, he hit you on the box Sixty-nine code non-stop Shoulda left ya then, but my heart said not You knew too much, the relationship grew too much You knew about the crack vials, means to be trialed Way I hid dough under the bathroom tile Waited for a while, thought you was my right thing Then things got frightening Peep the scene, sorta like Sam Rothstein Guess you Ginger, huh, go figure Never thought you could be a gold digger Take my dough and spend with the next nigga Asked my man Trigga, my ace boom coon Told me cut the bitch off 'fore the shit balloon Now I'm like Brandy, "Sittin in My Room" Pissy drunk listenin to Stylistic tunes Or the O'Jays, thinkin bout the old days My nigga's like, "Fuck that bitch, go play Baller, did she beep you? Don't call her Guess who I seen, that freak bitch Paula She was askin bout ya whereabouts Here's the digits, I know you can wear that out Tear that out the frame, ya game so tight You'll be all fuckin night" [Chorus Two: Lil' Kim] What do ya do when your man is untrue? Do you cut the sucker off and find someone new? I need another man, in my life [Lil' Kim] Mmm, uhhh, uhhh! Member when you said you would die for me, shit All of that was just lies to me Motherfucker shoulda never said bye to me Now you cry for me, like Jodeci It's like that y'all, my nigga hit another bitch from the back y'all Black nasty and mad fat y'all; shoulda seen the hoe Nigga pack ya shit, tou out the do', ohh What about the fight in the Mirage? I seen ya Benz, parked outside my sister's garage Said it was ya friend Rog, bullshit I ain't gonna keep puttin up wit the bullshit And still I, never sweat these bitches who be hanged like plaques on the wall and ya pictures Scalin fishes, my love is concrete Stashin ya heat in the passenger seat of the Nautica Jeep, we've been down for so long Still a bitch like me tryin to hold on Teary eyed, damn a bitch steamin Girls steady screamin, "Kim you need to leave him!" When I testified in court Couldn't think straight thinkin bout the bitches I fought over you, nigga half the shit you bought And fuck you, movin is my last resort You see nine outta ten niggaz, ain't shit One outta five niggaz suck a dick Ya mad at me, too bad she ain't as bad as me Choulda kept the freak bitch off my canape Now you see, ain't no pussy warm as mine Long as mine, ain't no love as strong as this When I sucked ya dick, it's like smokin a roach Uhh, why go from first class to coach? [Chorus One] [Chorus Two] [Chorus One] [Chorus Two] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Junior M.A.F.I.A. Album: Born Again Song: Biggie Typed By: nathantedder@hotmail.com [Lil' Cease] Queen Bee, and Notorious B.I.G. nigga The best that ever lived, the best that ever did it The best that ever lived it Cocksuckers, What's his name, huh? That's how we do it ya'll To all my niggaz in the house Bad Boy, Who we die for All day, everyday nigga [Verse 1] For the love of BIG, we bang out Since my man died, we don't hang out We blow brains out, we tear the club up pullin things out Mafia World, all my niggaz max out We Bad Boys, why ya'll niggaz cracked out Coward niggaz, most are burried down south Far from gangstas, really hush puppies Niggaz bearly speak when we discuss money Niggaz stay yappin when there's always somethin funny The realest niggaz never took nuthin from me Rock ice, stay jig, fuck with niggaz that got drunk, and hate kids Got niggaz on state bids, that hate movies like Rosewood and Matrix A yo, Biggie taught me well, Biggie told me how to flip bricks like cartwheel Chorus: Lil' Cease & Notorious B.I.G. [Lil' Cease] To all my thugs who puffed him To all my girls who hugged him You love him, yell his name.. I'd rather die on my feet, than live on my knees Nigga please, I cock and squeeze for.. Mafia [Notorious B.I.G.] Representin Bucktown Mack 11's cocked back, niggaz better duck down Face down, you know the routine, the cream Earings, you know the drama Biggie bring [Verse 2] For BIG I learn to grip aim and cock it Once I got it, I lock it Banger, big city boy with deep pockets See me speak, that paper better be the topic I like my ice frozen like the Antartic I'm quick to finish it, your good to start it And with the flashy colors on, you just a target, Waitin for a hard hit I like marine blue, marine green, roll with a mean team Meshed out, fresh out, and stay greams We big boys, we do big things, born in this county of kings I ain't got shit, I spread things, take things Fuck whenever my mood swings, from the summer for the winter to the spring My nigga ill's holdin it down for the beam Like BIG said, we do the real things, we still bubble and steal chains Still tustle, still struggle, we feel pain Still ride, still die for BIG's name (chorus) [Verse 3] For BIG I grip the cig, put six in your wig Not cause of what he said, cause of what he did When I hear that pop quiz, that's the way I was raised and thats the way it is for.. We roll like the Panthers, show our guns on camera Do jokes with police scanners, niggaz mediocre, full of dirt like hampers I roll with a bunch of niggaz that wear bandanas and rep... We kept it thurough, from the heart ripped the barrel B.K. style, see BIG howl, now Lets see who, wanna go against Mafia world Niggaz nuthin but squirels, they know we rep... Niggaz tryin to get a nut, hit in the head or below the gut Wood style roll'em up, get plucked, nigga what Go back to spend a ton, and know cats wit gold tooths Know my gat and bust for my nigga... (chorus) [Lil' Kim] Now when I cock back and squeeze, my Desert E'z Make you drop to your knees, barly able to breathe My bullets move in threes, one for Brook-lyn One for Mafia so take that, Uh, and this one's for... You know Frank kept me iced out Mink dragon, seven figures in my bank account All that material shit, ya'll still tryin to get it Uh, you fuckin pricks, get off his dick tryin to be like... All ya'll lame ass niggas keep my man name out your mouth Or get this shit right, check it, it's the B-I, double G-I, E Ya'll niggaz can't see Poppa, nor the Big Moma Who you love... for the Y2G, the two ten We got it sewn, we don't need ya'll help, we hold our own Cause this goes out to cats not tryin to give it up BIG missin us, shout him out... (chorus) (chorus into fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Lil' Kim, Puff Daddy Album: Born Again Song: Notorious B.I.G. Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Notorious B.I.G.] Yo, check it Call Lil' Cease Tell that muh'fucker to bring me some muh'fuckin weed for this hospital man fuck that Tell that reporter to go pick up ten thousand from Dez and go take about like twenty G's from Gino Tell that muh'fucker get this nigga next door up out of here Nigga be snorin all night I can't sleep (hehe) Call that big butt nurse with the long hair to come suck my dick (Bad Boy Big, c'mon) The doctor said I need about three weeks of recovery but the nurses is lovin me Sayin the best part of the day is my half Feedin me breakfast, and givin me a sponge bath Niggaz say I died dead in the streets Nigga I'm gettin high, gettin head on the beach Chillin, sittin on about half a million With all my niggaz, all my guns, all my women Next two years, I should see about a billion All for the love of drug dealin Got no love for the other side, fuck them tricks (fuck them) Any repercussion, Junior M.A.F.I.A. spit clips (that's right) All the time, Big Poppa kick the war rhymes Raw flows, and that's how it goes [Puff Daddy] 	NOTORIOUS! C'mon.. we are, we are 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! He is.. he is.. 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! This for my niggaz slingin thangs, had my ring encaged Truck, necklace, igloo ring and things For the bitches, who see them rims spin and grin That shit with the V-trim that win and the enormous fields disperse of rap On the road to the riches more furs to drag More niggaz to kill, than birds to bag Hit the jeweler and splurge the tab, uh Hops, out the truck like, "Trick, what up?" Call me Sean if you suck, call me gone when I nut That's the end of us, get your friend to fuck Untwist and bend her up, you know the deal Niggaz talkin real greasy on some ballin shit (that's right) Funny how quick these pricks forget Actin like I ain't the reason they traded they shit Switched that 5, copped that 6 (that's right) It's all good, you know who the clone is Fuck the Joneses, niggaz tryin to keep up with the Combses [Puff Daddy] C'mon y'all.. 	NOTORIOUS! We are, we are .. (what's his name) 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! He is, he is.. (c'mon, what's his name?) 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! [Lil' Kim] Who that queen bitch, keep her glass filled to the rim? The Notorious K-I to the M That's me, on MTV, no doubt Titty out like what - I don't give a fuck! Y'all know my attitude, can't stand my cologne Then stay your ass home, you and your chaperone Things done changed, but we continue to reign as the King and the Queen of hip-hop, me and B.I. Frank White still listen to all the (a)'ttention I'm by his side, with the chrome fifth, playin my position Sexy, young thing, from the ghetto That bitch rockin mics in high heel stilletos We takin over like Francis Switchin our styles like the hottest new dancers See, I let y'all live to stack a LITTLE paper Be glad I pushed my album back, I did y'all hoes a favor! [Puff Daddy] She did you a favor, c'mon now, yeah 	NOTORIOUS! 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! He is, he is.. (c'mon, what's his name?) Bad Boy baby, D.R. c'mon 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! We are, we are ..  Queen Bee baby, we are, c'mon 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! He is, he is.. (B.I.G. baby, he is c'mon) 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! We are, we are .. Bad Boy 2000 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! B.I.G. Born Again (he is.. he is..) and he won't stop 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! cause he can't stop, yeah, uh-huh We are, we are.. (Brooklyn baby) 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! He is, he is.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Lil' Kim, Puff Daddy Album: Born Again Song: Would You Die For Me Typed by: toyainva@hotmail.com [Notorious B.I.G.] Venue after venue, I've been through Coming to the telly, so I can bend you Send you to the store, condoms and more Jealous females, call you sluts and whores Could it be my hardcore metaphor Make sweat pour on the bedroom floor Open up the Lex door Jump on in, I'm kind of tired I'm a roll blunts while you spin You got your license, right? Alright, no swerving Hair blonde out, Madonna style like a virgin Splurging, Dom P., Ro-se Much foreplay, that's my forte Niggas see the ring, baguettes to death She looking for a man, honey he just left Violate me, he get beat to death Goodfellas squeeze every shell they got left Grand Marnier increase the don strength Two four-fifths within my arms length With a calm breath I say we gots to float Throw Little Cease the keys to the boat Tongue all down her throat, you know the routine Got my dick large like Bruce Springsteen And you mean too, eyes greenish blue Got the Coogi sweater with the bubble Fubu Beautiful, that's how the night goes Get out them tight clothes Get in some night clothes I invite those girls that smoke lye Keep it real with you You keep it real with I We be tight like frog's ass Have you screaming "Biggie, Biggie give me one more chance" [Puff Daddy] Would you ride with me? (Yeah) Would you lie for me? (That's right) Would you get high with me? (For sure) Would you die for me? (No doubt) (Repeat) [Lil' Kim] These hoes don't treat you like I treat you Like my contacts, I can see right through Don't they know me and you is stuck like glue? Queen Bitch means number one and two Wifey, ya'll ain't got to like me Go head and act dumb, you'll just catch a hot one Y'all know where I'm from Bucktown, lay your ass down You don't wanna play around (with me) Probably just mad because Frank chose me A fly cu-tie, you just a grou-pie Girls call my telephone just to hang up While me and you is in the crib, laying up Oh he ain't tell you that we live together And that we gonna have a kid together Whatever, me intimidated, never Anything you give to him, he give it right to Kim Anyway, I fuck better than you Give head better than you, pussy get wetter than you If I fuck another nigga, don't mean nothing B.I.G. is in my heart from the start Whether broke or rich, I'm a stay his bitch Chicks who used to be around, where they at now? (See I don't care bout them other broads) B.I.G. kept it real with me, and that's that [Chorus fade out] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Product G&B f/ Lil' Kim Album: Cluck Cluck 12" Song: Freak Freak Typed by: dmxx67@hotmail.com Yo uh yo uh yo yo Freak freak ya'll (TR) Freak freak ya'll (G&B) Freak freak ya'll (C'mon 2001) Freak freak ya'll (Refugees 2001) Toot toot ya'll (2001) Toot toot ya'll (They ain't ready) Toot toot ya'll (They ain't ready) Toot toot ya'll (Naw they ain't ready WHAT) Freak freak ya'll (They ain't ready) Freak freak ya'll (Yo they ain't ready) Freak freak ya'll (Yo) Freak freak ya'll (Ya'll know you ain't ready) Toot toot ya'll (They ain't ready) Toot toot ya'll (Yea c'mon) Toot toot ya'll (Hit 'em up) Toot toot ya'll (Said you wanna be with a bad boy) Freak freak (HOT) [Verse 1: G&B] I said enough to make you stop I spit game 'til the panties drop Ladies claim I'm a playa but I'm not I just know how to kick what I got And we can cruise in my cream drop top Set me up like a thief in the night Love the way them jeans fit that ass so tight So tight So if you wanna slide with me Baby come and take a ride with me Pretty eyes hypnotizing me Steal my heart like a robbery Oh oh [Chorus: G&B] Freak freak (Ya'll) Baby girl it's on Got the candles lit wit a bucket of Dom Toot toot (Ya'll) And when I beep my horn Drop top non stop 2 seconds now we gone Freak freak (Ya'll) You know how I get Tryna lay you down And see how rough we get Toot toot (Ya'll) And when I beep my horn Hop in witcha tricks in a velvet thong [Verse 2: G&B] HOT Tight jeans baby blue Tee top I see you took from your moms not your pops Body so sick make the traffic stop And if you want we can hit the next spot Bounce hop let our bodies interlock You best believe I'ma give you all I got And once I do I'ma have you on lock On lock If you wanna slide with me Baby come and take a ride with me Pretty eyes hypnotizing me Steal my heart like a robbery Oh oh Repeat Chorus GIRL COME HERE Repeat Chorus Life is what you make it So hold it my dear Hit me on the pager And I'll be right over [Verse 3: Lil' Kim] Tonight strictly Henny Ain't *fuckin'* with the Remy Cuz once the Remy in me *Niggas* wanna bend me I know a few cats Who would love to slide up in me Said Kimmy get the jimmy Rock harder than a penny *Nigga* that's your girl (Say what?) Let her go I'm a bad *bitch* And honey is so-so I'm on the celly-celly Wit my homegirl Mo Ayo check I got the hot Product called G&B I can feel *niggas* You know I got that freak in me Hottest thang this summer Best be believin' me (Shake 'em down Kim) Ya'll know *niggas* ain't ready Ya'll *?bitches?* ain't ready But am I right Teddy? (Yup yup) No diggity My name hold weight from New York to California Ask Ja Rule baby I'll put it on ya I'm a kinky girl I like kinky things FF on the corner 'til the kinky sings Word Repeat Chorus w/ Freak freak ya'll... Toot toot ya'll repeating throughout It's like a phenomenon It goes ON AND ON The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Lil' Kim Album: No Way Out Song: Don't Stop What You're Doing Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: 	Don't you stop it, don't you stop what you're doing 		You don't really wanna stop Eh eh 	Don't you stop it, don't you stop what you're doing 		You don't really wanna stop Eh eh Verse One: Puff Daddy Yeah yeah, uh-huh, check it out, yeah, c'mon Whether you like it hard or the live guitars Anything dropped if it's hot it's ours If it's not it's yours, we on the job Everybody eatin, everybody involved You can't stop that like you can't stop rap Bad Boy stop what's the chance of that? We don't stop, so check the, mansions and stacks And we don't have to answer to Jack No wonder we had this rap shit locked, for eight straight summers Pull up at the party, eight straight Hummers Six be the 6th 7th and 8th wonders Pop corks, we be the toast of New York And out West, we want y'all to understand All we wanna do is make you dance We know the song ain't done wrong when the party is hot Y'all don't really want us to stop, do you? Chorus Verse Two: Lil' Kim When it comes to the cheese, baby girl roll dough Fuck Domino's, strictly dice Bet you niggaz won't flow for this ice, notes is the price Lil sis' walk away with the dough, y'all niggaz still broke While my pockets on re-up Y'all niggaz shit on E, what a pi-ty Ain't it a shame how your man chose me And you wanna know why, it's mad simple Even in the winter, still pull a baller wit my jimmies Drive a Ta-hoe, wit plenty cash flow He know, anything I touch I blow And I crush a show, wit my luscious flow Gotta crew full of niggaz and a Lexus too All of them hold me down while I'm pressin you So who stressin who, and even though my nigga gone Lil' Kim and Puff Daddy keep keepin it on Chorus Verse Three: Puff Daddy Now you can pump this in your jeep, on an off road Pump this to your blows on the way to the tow Bang this til you're bein old when you at home on the six-four, sittin on chrome Yo we don't stall we ball while you playin the wall We in the middle of the danceflo', gettin off Gotta bunch of hot chicks gettin live with us At the end of the night they gonna slide with us I could tell y'all the rest but it's ob-vious To the top now, ride with us, c'mon We don't stop, we run the game, we don't watch every single region, we own blocks Never let up, you tell me, who do it better Every single I drop, at least two are better The song ain't the wrong when the party is hot Y'all don't really want us to stop, do you? Chorus 	Everything we make is hot 	Thought I told you that we never stop 	Keep risin to the top, yeahhh 	Keep risin to the top, yeahhh (repeat above four lines over another Chorus to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Lil' Kim, Mark Curry Album: Forvever Song: Gangsta Shit Typed By: devoncohen@hotmail.com, janis@betatesters.com [Intro] You're all a bunch of fuckin' assholes You know why? You don't have the guts to be what you wanna be You need people like me You need people like me so you can point your fuckin' fingers And say "That's the bad guy" So say good night to the bad guy Go on Last time you gonna see a bad guy like this again [Puff]	To be or not to be [Mase]	My mother's wrong [Puff]	That's the question, you feel me? [Mase]	My father was wrong [Puff]	They say I'm wrong 	So they say [Mase]	So they say [Puff]	Ha ha, come on 	It's like this right here [Mase]	To all my niggas, check this out 1 - 	[Lil' Kim] 	It's that, gangsta gangsta, gangsta shit 	It's that, gangsta gangsta, gangsta shit 	It's that, gangsta gangsta, gangsta shit 	It's that, gangsta gangsta, gangsta shit 	It's that, gangsta gangsta, gangsta shit 	It's that, gangsta gangsta, gangsta shit 	It's that, gangsta gangsta, gangsta shit 	It's that, gangsta gangsta, gangsta shit [Puffy] Ain't another crew like us That could do like us See the world from a view like us Still always come through like us They ain't true like us If they only knew like us It's less than a small few like us And they ain't pay dues like us Never on P's and Q's like us They don't move like us They don't have the right to choose like us Or get mad cause they ain't grew like us They ain't on cue like us They don't fit the shoe like us Don't know who's who like us (who dat?) Strangers, ain't aware of the danger They head's up wit thoroughbred cats That knock 'em back, they get the axe And a hard case to crack I'm a hard face to track Fast as they can test us We flip 'em on they backs, like that The many men that make us great must stay together Cause together, we're hard to break Repeat 1 [Mark Curry] Look out mutha fucka I tried to warn 'em You don't wanna double cross us Haven't you heard how many guy they lost with us You don't wanna floss with us Cause shit cost with us Ain't nobody boss but us We got force wit us, of course it's us It's no being better off than us And ain't a hotter source than us And these streets ain't divorcing us We ain't got no remorse in us Know to hold your horse with us No cuttin' shorts with us Here to stay, no abortin us, no extortin' us Between us we got the mic domain and artillery Therefore, it's all free reign, who's domain When shots ring, who remains, they refrain Who walks away with the gain Us Thorough niggas that's hard to top Together we're too hard to stop Repeat 1 [Lil' Kim] Ain't a bitch like me that can spit like me Who could say they rich like me They don't hold the four fifth like me Ain't a hit like me Nobody load the clip like me Cut coke and flip like me Make hit after hit like me Wear the title Queen Bitch like me Ya'll ain't good in bed like me And ya'll don't give head like me Plus your crew don't break bread like me Think about it, this a one shot deal Ya'll got one shot still When my gunshot peel, that's a one shot kill I'm so far ahead ya'll can't touch my land spread Cause most of ya'll is misled and underfed Hey, what can I say, I'm a little vain Now all aboard if you ridin' my train Choo chooo, throw it up and represent your gang Whether you from the east side (East side) Or the west side (West Side) Worldwide Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Lil' Kim, The LOX, Notorious B.I.G. Album: No Way Out Song: It's All About the Benjamins (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhh, uh-huh, yeah Uhh, uh-huh, yeah 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Uhh, uh-huh, yeah 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Goodfellas, uhh [Verse One: Puff Daddy] Now... what y'all wanna do? Wanna be ballers? Shot-callers? Brawlers -- who be dippin in the Benz wit the spoilers On the low from the Jake in the Taurus Tryin to get my hands on some Grants like Horace Yeah livin the raw deal, three course meals Spaghetti, fettucini, and veal But still, everything's real in the field And what you can't have now, leave in your will But don't knock me for tryin to bury seven zeros, over in Rio Dijanery Ain't nobody's hero, but I wanna be heard on your Hot 9-7 everyday, that's my word Swimmin in women wit they own condominiums Five plus Fives, who drive Millineums It's all about the Benjamins, what? I get a fifty pound bag of ooh for the mutts Five carats on my hands wit the cuts And some'n European figures, fuck the clutch, what? [Verse Two: Jadakiss] - (overlaps last two lines of Puff Daddy) I want a all chromed out, fuck bein a broke nigga Drinkin malt liquor, drivin a Bro' Vega I'm wit Mo' sippers, watched by gold diggers (uhh) Rockin Bejor denims, wit gold zippers (c'mon) Lost your touch we kept ours, poppin Cristals Freakin the three-quarter reptiles (ahahah) Enormous cream, forrest green -- Benz jeep for my team so while you sleep I'ma scheme (that's right) We see through, that's why nobody never gon' believe you You should do what we do, stack chips like *Hebrews* Don't let the melody intrigue you (uh-uh) Cause I leave you, I'm only here for that green paper which the eagle [Verse Three: Sheek] I'm strictly tryin to cop those, colossal sized Picasso's And have papi flip coke outside Delgado's (whoo!) Mienda, with cash flowin like Sosa And the latin chick tranportin in the chocha Stampedin over, pop Mo's, never sober  Lex and Range Rovers dealin weight by Minnesota (uhh) Avoidin NARC's wit camcorders and Chevy Novas (uh-huh) Stash in the buildin wit this chick named Alona (uh-huh) from Daytona, when I was young I wants to bone her (uh-huh) But now I only hit chicks that win beauty pageants (ahahaha) Trickin, they takin me skiing, at the Aspens (c'mon) Uhh, gangsta mental, stay poppin Cristal Pack a black pist-al in the Ac' Coupe that's dark brown (whoo!) Pinky-ringin, gondolas wit the man singin Italian music down the river wit your chick clingin to my bizzalls, player you mad false Actin hard when you as pussy as RuPaul [Interlude: Puff Daddy] C'mon, c'mon, uh-huh 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Uh-huh, yeah (repeat 4X) 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Now, what y'all wanna do? 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Wanna be ballers, shot-callers 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Brawlers -- who be dippin in the Benz wit the spoilers 	It's all about the Benjamins baby On the low from the Jake in the Taurus [Verse Four: Lil' Kim] - (overlaps last two lines of interlude) Uhh, uhh, what the blood clot? Wanna bumble wit the Bee hahh? BZZZZT, throw a hex on a whole family (yeah, yeah yeah) Dressed in all black like "The Omen" (say what?) Have your friends singin 'This is for my homey' (that's right) And you know me, from makin niggaz so sick Floss in my 6 with the Lex on the wrist If it's Murder, you know She Wrote it (uh-huh) German Luger for your ass bitch, deep throated Know you wanna fill the room cause it's platinum coated Take your pick, got a firearm you shoulda toted, suck a dick All that bullshit you kick, playa hatin from the sideline Get your own shit, why you ridin mine? (uh-huh) I'm, a Goodfella kinda lady Stash 380's and Mercedes, Puffy hold me down baby! Only female in my crew, and I kick shit like a nigga do, with a trigga too, fuck you (Big: Yeah, yeah, uhh, uhh, uhh!) [Verse Five: Notorious B.I.G.] I been had skills, Cristal spills Hide bills in Brazil, about a mill' to ice grill Make it hard to figure me, liquor be, kickin me in my asshole, uhhh, undercover, "Donnie Brasco" Lent my East coast girl, the Bentley to twirl (uh-huh) My West coast shorty, push the chrome 740 Rockin Redman and Naughty, "Oh where my kitty kat?" Half a brick of yea, in the bra, where her titties at And I'm livin that, whole life, we push weight (uh-huh) Fuck the state pen, fuck hoes at Penn State (c'mon) Listen close it's Francis, the Praying Mantis Attack with the Mac, my left hand spit, right hand grip on the whip, for the smooth getaway Playa haters get away or my lead will spray Squeeze off til I'm empty, don't tempt me Only, to Hell I send thee, all about the Benji's What?? [Outro: Puff Daddy] 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Uh-huh, yeah (repeat 8X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Beanie Siegal, Lil' Kim, Nas, Joe Hooker Album: Forever Song: Journey Through the Life Typed by: Wheels012@hotmail.com [Nas]	Yo, Yo [Puffy] Gansta, Gansta [Nas] 	Gansta Yo [Puffy]	That's Right [Nas]	Journey Through the life of some real niggas [Puffy] Some real niggas, You'll never see what I've seen [Puffy] When I sleep I dream of bodies in streams of blood Naked bitches, dead nigga's ghost, Feds with toast  Knockin' my door down sweat poor down my body  Roast from the heat so I soak my sheets Wake up shiverin', pull my hoe close to me, she sexy Every night is different pussy since my girl left me And I tried to make her stay with me, but I stay busy And her friends are cut-throats, they deep throat to lay with me I reminisce how I miss a stare in this space Resort to the lips of a stripper, sprayin' their face Lampin' in a mansion, home alone I hear footsteps, shit I kicks just not lyrics I hold a fifth, wonderin' if ten shots can stop spirits If nigga's try to rob me then I won't hear it Cause it's different from the streets, I'm missin' my hood now Missin' all the blocks cuz I'm surrounded by woods now It's supposed to be good now It's like I'm walkin' tight rope and can't look down Fire below me Now the fantasies I have for women are unholy Success, thousand dollar bottles impress Models with fat ass and big breasts Floor seats, Knicks vs. Nets, private jets Millionaire heir to Antigua, with Ananda, the MTV diva Nas, how do we survive all this mess? (I didn't survive) East vs. West the rap game where words became flesh A whole pound of herb won't desolve my stress Still I ride to the death, love hip-hop Cause Afrikabababa was def, a lot of respect Feel Me? Fuck to the rock Sean John jury I got the same hands of crap platinum and the crap pyramids Write about the black experience, sell it to Marimax Tell me if you feelin' that 1 - 	[Lil' Kim & Joe Hooker] 	Take a journey through the life of these real niggas 	The things that they seen it would thrill niggas 	If you've seen what they've seen, you would wonder 	Through the rain and the pain and the thunder 	By the time that you realized that it's goin' down 	You may find yourself going underground 	When they see that this life is upon us 	We would see that there's no one that we can trust [Beanie Sigel] You can never see what I see, motherfucker Beanie Sigel, the realest nigga from the streets was taught Stay cased up nigga, stay deep in court Reminiscin' on that cold cell, deep in thought Gettin' skinny, couldn't eat, cause the meat was poor Ya'll niggas couldn't live my life, I've been through it Streached up in hospital beds, fed fluid Two bullets hit my leg, one passed through it Saw the blood and the hole in my calf, looked through it My life's no joke, I don' played dice with soap Upstate the case niggas slice your throat Wear your boxers in the shower when you gaurd your soap I done seen the biggest nigga's in the yard get broke I done took blocks through war, took blocks for fall Took blocks to Wall for box of raw What you think 33 in the glock is for? Black fatigues, skullies and binoculars,  C4, block your doors, nigga's can't stop this war I show you faggots what this Swatz' is for Hidding spots in the door for the glocks is for Read the papers, '94 I took the cops to war Half of ya'll niggas livin' a lie Only reason you switchin' up your droid is cause you keep gettin' robbed I looked that nigga in the eyes before I send him to God Beanie Sigel, desert eagle, the realest nigga alive Repeat 1 [Nas] Aiyo, Aiyo, Gansta, Gansta The Bible has words that Christ wrote, evil men sacrifice goats I speak all my life under oath Since a kid, troublesome Thrownin' shit at little girls jump ropes Bustin' B-B Guns at stray cats, that was way back  Watched it die, covered in flies Then I picked up a stick, try to dig in it's eyes Makin' dirt pies, na, being buggy-eyed shit And every other nigga that rap, sound like my shit I wear chrome 45's with ice on the grip I don't shoot it, I roll with killers and criminals With heroin habits they picked up from the penile They let you have it, all I do is give them a smile Lifestlyes of the realest, you ain't ruthless you bitch I got a pine box just your size, I know it'll fit Your whole life's a mistake, stop holdin' the pen Kill yourself, come back as a man over again Cause in this lifetime I'm reignin', slay men Leave your whole body cold Your nails grow long, you get gray skin May this nigga rest in peace, Amen I run with brave men, straight out the housin', we wildin' Names engraved in the pavement Brick building, grown ladies jump off the roof Nigga get paged, then murdered at the phonebooth New York streets made me nigga, it's crazy nigga Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Lil' Kim, Notorious B.I.G. Album: Forever Song: Real Niggas Typed by: Rghryder00@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com [Puffy] I'm not wit none of that  Standin' around lookin' cool and shit I want you motherfuckers to jump the fuck up And have some motherfuckin' fun You understand what it means to be black? I have my man the Notorious B.I.G in the back I go by the name of the Puff Daddy But check this shit out  Four, five As we procced to give you what you need [Notorious B.I.G] Sick of momma screamin' that "Get a job, nigga" Pressed to the limit, gotta rob me a nigga Simple and plain, my man scooped me in the hoop Whispered in his ear, this is what we gotta do G Got to bang a nigga and bang a nigga good So I could cop a Benz and drive the fuck out the hood Cause baby mama screamin', your daughter twelve months Can't live life slingin' rocks and smokin' blunts Hangin' with the nigga's don't pay the bills And bein' broke at 30 give a nigga the chills So what we gotta do is creep and see a sweet vic Yo, you see that shit? (Hell yeah, I see that shit) Columbian, Dominican, yeah whatever Whoever he was, he had it tucked under the leather Two keys, twenty G's, nigga please Blew his brains out cause witnesses we don't need 1 - 	On the road to riches and diamond rings 	Real niggaz do real things 	Hanging wit the bitches is the song I sing 	Real niggaz do real things 	On the road to riches and diamond rings 	Real niggaz do real things 	Hanging wit the bitches is the song I sing 	Real niggaz do real things [Puff Daddy] Yeah, yeah, yeah I tote gats wit my nigga, clap wit my nigga Break bread and then break backs wit my nigga Jack wit my nigga, cock the latch wit my nigga Now how you gon' act wit my nigga? Just remember there's a gun to your dome And I will lick shots and run through your home Or better yet I put your son to the chrome Turn the music up and unplug the phone I will kill him, read my lips You too, motherfucker if I don't see no bricks See, I flips when I don't see no chips Yeah, nigga, I know you in pain, I don't care nigga I want the stash, keys, hash, weed, G's motherfucker, freeze Cock sucker, you better bring the things out  Before I blow your motherfucker frame out Nigga what Repeat 1 [Lil' Kim] Real big nigga's over here talkin' shit Yo fuck that, I'm gon' check these nigga's Fuck that, fuck that What you said? Speak up, I can't hear ya Oh, thought you was talkin' to us, um pardon me, my bad I shoulda known ya'll ain't wanted with these three time losers The open surgeons heart removers Niggaz think they gon' stop my ones Put a contract out and stop ya'll lungs We powerful, don't think that all we got is guns We buy out everything you claim, including your name Mama bitch squeeze the life out of ya'll nigga's Screw barkin', I take bites out of ya'll nigga's Crack open your safe then put a bomb to it Fuck shootin' windows nigga, I jumps through it With the all black hood, he beat a nigga 'till he hurl Then pull the hoodie off so he can see it was a girl When it comes to my nigga B.I.G  I wanna see all ya'll niggaz D.I.E On the road to riches and diamond rings Real bitches do real things Hanging with the niggas is the song I sing Real bitches do real things On the road to riches and diamond rings Real bitches do real things Hanging with the niggas is the song I sing Real bitches do real things Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Lil' Kim, Mario Winans Album: Satisfy You Remix 12" Song: Satisfy You (Remix) Typed by: KrayzieDMX@hotmail.com Lil Kim: THIS IS THE REMIX, As we procede, to give you what you need, 2000 muthafuckas, get loud muthafuckas. Chorus- Mario Winans, (Puff Daddy), [Lil Kim], {Ronald Isley} 1 - (I'm the light when you can't see, I'm the air when you can't breathe, I'm that feeling when you can't leave. It won't stop) 2 - [I like this, yeah this is the remix] Ohhh, anything you want I'm gonna give it to you girl, Along aside your body, make you open up your world, I wanna satisfy you, {Satisfy, satisfy} I wanna satisfy you. (1) [2] Baby tell me can we fuck all through the night (can we fuck?) Lick your body up and down, Make you feel alright {I can almost taste you}, I wanna satisfy you, (1) {I wanna satisfy you, wanna satisfy you} I wanna satisfy you. [2] Puff Daddy (Mario): I wanna hit the four seasons, lie with you, Roll backward, get high with you, Let the jet fall out the sky, die with you, Rock minx and stay fly with you, (ooohhh) Bonny and Clyde, ghetto bride, Push my love aside, get you right, It ain't physical, it's spiritual, Make a nigga feel like he went to heaven and died (heaven and died), C'mon Gangsta love, love how we chill together, And we reachin Brazil together, [2] Count mills together, Niggas front, get ill together, Playas hate, but we still together, A name, for me to praise, To my dyin days, and I see the grave, True love, me and you love, [2] So whatchu wanna do love? Chorus (with slight different adlibs) Puff Daddy (Puff Daddy): You make me feel like, I've been locked down for years, And ain't had none, Strictly magnon, Walk around the room neked (naked), and make dragon, Gangsta sarcasm, (That's right) Ask who's pussy is this? (Who's pussy is this?) Multi orgasms, catchin back spasms, [woman moaning] High off ex (ecstacy), rough sex, just so much, take that. [2] Plus together, nothin better, Uncomparable, can't measure, (can't measure) What I feel for you, my treasure, There through it all, thick and thin, take the pressure, Come, real bitch, feel this, real love, what an affair, My love, there to the nair (near). [2] Chorus - Lil Kim (Puff Daddy): How you want me baby? Butt naked on some rug shit? Or thugged out on some Cryps and some Bloods shit, It's your call, the queen do it all, Anything you do for me, I do 10 times more, Forget the small talk, let me sit on your face, Rockin moves like a hoola hoop around my waist, Pushin fantasies, can I fulfill your wish, Bet it's me with some niggas, or me with a bitch. [2] Whooo! Whooo! Time to get freaky, freaky, Get my Price cd, do me babyy. (Kim, I think you're the one for me, Let's get married so you can have a son for me.) Not now baby, stick your tongue in me, Make me feel good, I might let you cum in me, The way you call me mommy, ooh I love it, [2] Make me wanna go public, Tell the whole world that I'm your girl, Take pictures with our moms on the cover of New York Times, Grew up bad, just like his mom and dad, A real nigga is all I want, all I ever had, Things you do, give a bitch to choose, Like writing out "I Love You" in hundered dollar bills, Feed each other fruits like kiwi and mango, Rock kangos, while we do the durango, And when we fight, we both get bruised, Lie to everybody, say they matchin tattoos, My nigga got beef, ain't shit you can tell me, I cut a nigga's throat like Shaquita from Bellarmy. I wanna house in Africa, ??? in my back yard, Businesses surrounded by security guards, With a big ass club called "Kim n Him" And a crew full of dollars I can go spend with him. Chorus to fade. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Lil' Kim Album: Forever Song: What You Want Typed by: Rghryder00@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com [Intro] Ladies and gentlemen  We are gathered here today To join I see it, yeah Yeah, yeah I like this right here Yeah, yeah One-Two, One-Two, in the place to be As you can see I am the crush groovin'  There's a whole lot of stars be groovin' in here tonight  The record breaking and the record making Yeah, yeah, turn this up From the states to over seas Every city in between I hit the scene  Catch fire like kerosene Geting paid for more then a decade We been blazing, y'all wasn't ready for the PD invasion Caught you off guard, got bitches, got cars Healin' war scars, puff smoke out of the jar Catch flights to and fro, nigga who you know? No one important, just another nigga flossing Gotta seal, what I'm touching is real You just a clone wit' a production deal I sailed the seven seas and kept my head above the water Sorry I left you, but now I am back for ya But it's like we never bounced, platinum from word of mouth Hottest niggas out Alot better, the shit's too strong I'm home now, daddy's been gone too long 1 - 	[Lil' Kim] 	What you niggas want 	Wanna talk slick  	Wanna do shit, try shit, new shit 	Who you fucking wit' 	You and your weak clique 	Bitch you creep wit' got you in some deep shit 	You coppin' pleas now, it ain't a secret 	Trying to be niggas you can't even speak with 	You can't run, you can't hide 	Bad Boy 'till the day we die Tell they all like Jordan in the fall On top of the hill like Lauren, Killing 'Em Soft' What you grillin' me for? Kept my name good, we from the same hood Made some change, put the range wit' the stained wood Now chicks, they keep they eyes on me Wanna grind on me Haters plotting so I keep my nine on me You can't stop 'em when them shells is popping Look good to the public eye, your streets is watching At all times, put it all on the line  Without a care dreams of cream turn to nightmares No one to talk to, don't know who to trust Got your gun out and don't know who to bust It get like that though, when you stack that dough Can't run from it yo, that's when they get close So put up you guards, keep faith in God I promise y'all the world'll be ours Repeat 1 Your games amaze, but alot of ways, many choices Can't sleep, when I do I hear voices Speakin' loud and clear, wait 'till you come out this year So I listen back cause the street is missing that What a world we live in So cold I'm shivering, slipping Gotta work with what I'm given, shit Bitches is trifling, hands out grabbin' Niggas hating, scheming and back stabbin' That's why they hang around you, just to be seen Type to leave a gun fight wit' a full magazine No blood, not hit, chamber ain't warm What part of the game is this? And who's side you on? Can't be out for wealth and out for self, won't work Find yourself tucked and surrounded by dirt In a verse I show the whole earth my work  It got to get better because it can't get no worse Repeat 1 Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Queen Latifah f/ Lil' Kim, Macy Gray Album: Chicago Soundtrack Song: Cell Block Tango (He Had it Comin') Typed by: AccessKimmie@yahoo.ca * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Queen Latifah] Dana Owens aka Queen Latifah, yes I'm here to testify No, I gotta speak on my behalf, you don't even know what happened Can I just tell you what happened? [Chorus: Macy] (Latifah) He had it comin' (He had it comin') He only had himself to blame If you'd a been there, if you'd a seen it I think that you would have done the same [Verse 1: Queen Latifah] (Macy) I mean imagine, why was he hittin' his woman? Why was she takin' that? Now picture her fightin' back, picture the ass kickin' Think of his ass flippin' down the stairs And me at the top smilin', he shoulda stopped wildin' Now could you picture me tryin' to finish him off? See why I pictured me on this side of the law High heels leave holes, you'd a thought I was gunnin' Now the cops comin', I ain't runnin' (He had it comin') Girl you shoulda seen it, shoulda bobbed and weaved Before the cops came, got a coupla clean hits In word the ??? couldn't take the abuse But I couldn't explain that to the state troops But you know girl, yeah you go girl Plus I look real cute in orange jump suits This the story I'm tellin' and I ain't changin' nothin' I just needed you to know Your Honour [Chorus] - 2X [Verse 2: Lil' Kim] (Macy) Aiight aiight, let's get this over with Take the mug shot, hurry up the fingerprints What the blood clot? Lil' Kim aka Sofia Luchiani Keep your jump suit, I'm rockin' Armani Yeah, I bust at him once, but that was just a warnin' My lawyer will be here with bail money in the mornin' I'm not guilty, just tryin' to protect mine It ain't my fault he ran into my knife 20 times (He had it comin') Just my luck the bastard ain't die What you woulda did if every other day he blacked ya eye? Broke ya nose 'til it started bleedin' Kicked you in ya ribs, chocked you 'til you stopped breathing (Fuck) that, I'm sick of bobbing and weaving Threatenin' to kill me when I threaten to leave him I do a bid, 'cause ain't no way (Nigga) gonna do me like Ike and OJ [Chorus] - 2X [Verse 3: Queen Latifah] This is for the constantly accused, mentally abused How many of you been in my shoes before, aiight Or have you felt you caught the worse case Puttin' up wit his tired ass in the first place Why am I flippin'? I just bought them condoms I ain't used not one but there was two missin' Get a new mission, how to catch a cheater If he only use coach, you shouldn't smell ??? If you know he don't smoke, you shouldn't smell reefer If you catch him cheatin' you shouldn't yell either Run up on him quietly, took him out silently It might sound cruel, but you gotta love the irony So explain that, just came back off a trip And I come home to this, please He ain't followed the guidelines So forgive me Your Honour, he ran into my knife five times [Chorus] - 3X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ray J f/ Lil' Kim Album: This Ain't a Game Song: Wait a Minute Typed by: dmxx67@hotmail.com [Lil' Kim] Oh uh oh uh yea I dont think yall ready for this one The Queen Bee knockout collabo' And if ya don't know, now ya know [Ray J] I been workin all day (And now it's on) Pull up and don't pay (When the line is long) Girls in the club (You wanna f...) Ice grillin these thugs (Ya'll wanna thump) Is it cause I'ma shine (Major ice) I'm talkin about blind ya (Like Vegas lights) Never on the scene (Without my team) Cali sticky green (Know what I mean) It's on and poppin The DJ's rockin Chickens is watchin It's on tonight You had a long day yo Buy the champ by the caseload Pockets full of pesos It's on tonight Oh Wait a minute (oh wait a minute) Oh wait a minute (oh wait a minute hey hey hey) Girl wait a minute Oh wait a minute (oh wait a minute) Oh wait a minute (oh wait a minute hey hey hey) Yo you know the words say it (wait a minute) [Ray J] I been workin all day (And now it's on) Pull up and don't pay (When the line is long) Girls in the club (You wanna f...) Ice grillin these thugs (Ya'll wanna thump) Is it cause I'ma shine (Major ice) I'm talkin about blind ya (Like Vegas lights) Never on the scene (Without my team) Cali sticky green (Know what I mean) So much you go through Only problems know you Let's party like we supposed to It's on tonight There's not a righter way You've had a tired day Let's party the night away It's on tonight Wait a minute (oh wait a minute) Oh wait a minute (oh wait a minute hey hey hey) Girl wait a minute Oh wait a minute (oh wait a minute) Oh wait a minute (oh wait a minute hey hey hey) Yo you know the words say it (wait a minute) [Lil' Kim] Blaow! Tadow! Watch out now, uh-huh It's the Lil' one and I'm not Bow Wow Got trees roll it up, you a G throw it up Nigga slipped me his number on the low - I tore it up Oh wait a minute they playin my shit, slow it up What you outta Cris? Fuck it Mo' it up Y'all just rookies, poppin on the scene Be careful how y'all talk cause we pop them things Y'all should see us on the TV, rappin and actin Yup uh-huh look a little closer Yea that's us in the Millennium Testarosa People takin pictures, blowin our cover Papparazi gonna get you one way or another Hey wait a minute ain't that Brandy's brother? Straight from the Eastside, and that's how I ride Here's another one; Ray J, tell 'em where you from [Ray J] I'm from the land of women Sunny days chrome spinnin Juice and ginin It's on tonight If you feel you're another one Representin where you from Sex you're gettin some It's on tonight Wait a minute (oh wait a minute) Oh wait a minute (oh wait a minute hey hey hey) Girl wait a minute Oh wait a minute (oh wait a minute) Oh wait a minute (oh wait a minute hey hey hey) Yo you know the words say it (wait a minute) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ron Browz f/ Lil' Kim, Ludacris, Swizz Beatz  Album: Pop Champagne (Remix) 12" Song: Pop Champagne (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Swizz Beatz] (Ron Browz) Bounce! Bottles, in the, air, now!!! (Ether boy!!!!) Put your bottles in the air, now!!! Bottles, in the, air,now!!!  Put your bottles in the air REMIX!!! (Hey!!!!) [Chorus: Ron Browz] How we ball in the club I know you hate it (BROWZ!!!) Mami dancin on the floor all like she naked (KIM!!!!) When she lay down with you I know she fake it (LUDA!!!) All the girls give it to me I ain't gotta take it (SHOWTIME!!!) OHHHHHHHH!!!!! Pop champagne! (HEY! HEY!!!!) OHHHHHHHH!!!!! Pop champagne! (HEY! HEY!!!!) OHHHHHHHH!!!!! We pop champagne! (YOU KNOW WE POPPIN!!) OHHHHHHHH!!!!! We pop champagne! (NEW YORK CITY!!!) [Verse 1: Ron Browz] (Swizz Beatz) We need more bottles tell ma hurry up (WOOOO!!!!) Tell 'em Ron Browz here hottest in America (BOUNCE ON 'EM!!!) Gimme sixteen bars and you know I tear it up  Know it's me when you see this fur in your area And she call me all night cause you can get it up On my neck on my wrist everything is litted up Drinkin bottles of that Clique 'till I spit it up (YEAH!) Only get one life so you gotta live it up (COME ON!!!) (HEY!!!) If you in the things I'm in  Shorty we can be friends, shorty we can be friends Right now, I wanna see you dance, see you dance(GET IT GET IT! GET IT GET IT!) I wanna see you dance, see you dance (GET IT GET IT! GET IT GET IT!) I wanna see you dance, see you dance (GET IT GET IT! GET IT GET IT!) I wanna see you dance, see you dance (GET IT GET IT! GET IT GET IT!) [Verse 2: Lil' Kim] (Ron Browz) Lil' Kim in the buildin you know it's goin down Only thing besides money bring the dope boys out And I ain't even gotta bring my purses out When I'm with my dope boys everything is on the house (OHHHHHHHH!!!!!) Pop champagne! (OHHHHHHHH!!!!!) Pop champagne! (OHHHHHHHH!!!!!) We pop champagne! (OHHHHHHHH!!!!!) We pop champagne! I feel like strippin while I'm dancin on the couch Boys throwin money at me while they grabbin on there crotch I'm holdin that bottle like an Ace Of Spades model Champagne in my veins even put it in my douche bottle This Rose' got me wantin to freak out He sweatin crazy like he pullin the sheets out Red flag turn his spouse in the deep south Them jeans want it so I keep hittin the streets off Pop champagne like it's my middle name Drive the champagne range What we can't get we import it in the plane We hot, so I keep the ice in the chain Just incase the bottles ain't cold enough I take it off my neck and then I drop it in the cup Horny bitches wanna fuck So put your glass up Come out in the crowd and toast with Queen Bee and your boy Ron Browz [Chorus: Ron Browz] (Swizz Beatz) How we ball in the club I know you hate it (HANDS UP! HANDS UP!) Mami dancin on the floor all like she naked (HANDS UP! HANDS UP!) When she lay down with you I know she fake it (HANDS UP! HANDS UP!) All the girls give it to me I ain't gotta take it (HANDS UP! HANDS UP!) OHHHHHHHH!!!!! Pop champagne! (OH!) OHHHHHHHH!!!!! Pop champagne! (OH!) OHHHHHHHH!!!!! We pop champagne! (OH!) OHHHHHHHH!!!!! We pop champagne! (OH!) [Verse 3: Ludacris] I made the Forbes list yeah I know you seen it Eight figures so if I say it you know I mean it Every verse is fishscale I tripple beam it Then I freeze my hand up and pinky ring it Went from nobody on the block to superstardom I got women from Brooklyn, Queens, Bronx and Harlem Hit my crib on the Hudson only if your worthy I put three on there backs like a Iverson jersey LUDA!!! HA HA HA!!! I pop champagne!!! Girls I really love it how you pop that thang!!! Tell the DJ to never stop that thang!!! So you could back it up and just drop that thang!!! ROCK THAT THANG!!! LOCK THAT THANG!!! MAN NOT EVEN PATRICK, WILLIS CAN BLOCK THAT THANG!!! GOT MY BALLS AND MY BAT WHEN I COP THAT THANG!!!! TAKE IT TO HOMEBASE AND I SOCK THAT THANG!!! [Bridge: Ron Browz] (Swizz Beatz) If you in the things I'm in  Shorty we can be friends, shorty we can be friends Right now, I wanna see you dance, see you dance(GET IT GET IT! GET IT GET IT!) I wanna see you dance, see you dance (GET IT GET IT! GET IT GET IT!) I wanna see you dance, see you dance (GET IT GET IT! GET IT GET IT!) I wanna see you dance, see you dance (GET IT GET IT! GET IT GET IT!) [Chorus: Ron Browz] (Swizz Beatz) How we ball in the club I know you hate it (Bottles, in the air, now!) Mami dancin on the floor all like she naked (Bottles bottles in the air, now!) When she lay down with you I know she fake it (Bottles, in the air, now!) All the girls give it to me I ain't gotta take it (Bottles bottles in the air, now!) OHHHHHHHH!!!!! Pop champagne! (HEY! HEY!) OHHHHHHHH!!!!! Pop champagne! (HEY! HEY!) OHHHHHHHH!!!!! We pop champagne! (HEY! HEY!) OHHHHHHHH!!!!! We pop champagne! (HEY! HEY!) (NEW YORK CITY!!! WE BACK!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rupee f/ Lil' Kim Album: Do the Damn Thing (Remix) 12" Song: Do the Damn Thing (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Rupee] Salaam Remi, Rupee, Lil' Kim, The Queen Bee, to the club, uh, to the club [Verse 1: Rupee] Outside inside the place it rammed, dancefloor tight but we don't give a damn Man hold yuh gal, gal hold yuh man and Do the damn thing, do the damn thing Pop, that, Cris, no work tomorrow and you know I ain't drivin Excuse, me, miss, tell me what's your name and tell me what your drinkin No, sleep tonight, party goin on til six in the mornin The dancefloor's tight Yo! Just the way we like it everybody's jumpin [Chorus: Rupee] Get your freak on, do what you want, gal move your waist, give me a taste Get your freak on, do what you want, mash up di place, give me a taste [Verse 3: Lil' Kim] (Rupee) (Lil' Kim) To the sexy gal dem pop it like it's hot Wine pon yuh mate and show him what you got Rudeboys in the place and dem nah left they glock Anyone passa passa dem a bussin off a shot If they, feelin good then the party too packed We a toppa shotta we nuh tek back nuh slack If yuh, fresh from yard then (Barbados!!!) holla back Rupee and Queen Bee and we all one love I do the damn thing like a dancehall queen Dudes on me like a dancehall scene Me and my girls we like a dancehall team Droppin that ass like we at the Sunsplash Bossmen pop Cris if the money done spent If they rather drink Coronas then Seagram's Gin We don't leave the party til the damn thing end And back the next day and do the damn thing again [Bridge: Rupee] Gal move your waiiiiissssstttttt!!!! Wine all around and mash up di place Deal wid di caaaaaaaaaaaassssssssse!!!!!, yeah When I see yuh gal yuh put a smile upon mi face Inside di cluuuuubbbbbbbbbbbb!!!! Yo! Sippin on Hyp,Baribarks and Bub Bass like a suuuuuuubbbbbbbbbbbbbbb!!!!!! Yeah! Hip Hop, Soca, sweet rub a dub (Hey!) [Chorus: Rupee] Get your freak on, do what you want, gal move your waist, give me a taste Get your freak on, do what you want, mash up di place, give me a taste [Verse 3: Rupee] Outside inside the place it rammed, dancefloor tight but we don't give a damn Man hold yuh gal and gal hold yuh man and Do the damn thing, do the damn thing Outside inside the place it rammed, dancefloor tight but we don't give a damn Man hold yuh gal and gal hold yuh man and Do the damn thing, do the damn thing The sun is up, after the show it is the afterparty It, don't, stop, everyting nice and mi feelin irie We, don't care Nobody wants this session to end People everywhere, tomorrow night we do the same thing again [Chorus: Rupee] Get your freak on, do what you want, gal move your waist, give me a taste Get your freak on, do what you want, mash up di place, give me a taste Get your freak on, do what you want, gal move your waist, give me a taste Get your freak on, do what you want, mash up di place, give me a taste The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sauce Money f/ Lil' Kim Album: Middle Finger U Song: Touch Me, Tease Me (Hidden Bonus Track) Typed by: dmxx67@hotmail.com [Intro: Sauce Money] Man They just don't understand How hard it is for a young black male Still wanna beef We don't wanna compromise All we wanna do is take take take Ya better get some [Verse 1: Sauce Money] I'm in the streets with my thug love You know the block is hot Plus them niggas tryna set up shop Gettin' money in these streets is all I got Even if it takes me gettin' shot Besides what you riffin' for? Five Gs what I hit you for Can't believe you still want more I'm a thug boo you know thugs don't trick Just cuz I love you, you wanna drive the six Well that's too much shine, unnecessary flair No more arguing, take some dough for ya hair Just beep me 12 o'clock, I'll be right there To pick you up, don't ruin that I don't really be doin' that What you mean that's not good enough? I'm spendin' too much of time in the hood and stuff? In the drop chrome shinnin' flauntin' my crew I'm tryna get paid ma, what you want me to do? [Chorus: Lil' Kim] You gotta please me Touch and tease me Love me, hug me Rub me, squeeze me Kiss me, and never deceive me Show me, you gotta believe me Or leave me Please me Touch and tease me Love me, hug me Rub me, squeeze me Kiss me, and never deceive me Show me, you gotta believe me Or leave me [Verse 2: Sauce Money] You got some nerve grillin' me wit a frown a lot Attitude real stank, I ain't around a lot Can't understand why I'm outta town a lot I rap for big paper now, this ain't around the block Now you treat me like I'm cheatin', creepin' or sumin Sneakin' or sumin, late night keepin' 'em humpin' Why you look at Sauce funny? (What you don't trust a nigga?) I work hard, look at your diamonds.... them shits cost money Forget about your homies, they jealous of you I ain't really tryna hear what they tell us to do Besides half of them ain't even got no man That's why I'm goin' all out, puttin' rocks on your hand But you don't really care, you're spoiled and shit Talk slick like you drink baby oil and shit She got a 500 wit chrome, spoiler kit And you still not happy, man what's wrong wit chicks Chorus [Verse 3: Sauce Money] Enjoy your cut necklace, finer things Versace, Armani, diamond rings Anything you can imagine, if you mine let it No more school loans, your own line or credit Walk in closets, full link minks in 'em His and her rollies, extra links wit 'em Bottles of Dom, tennis braids for your arm Four-five workers for your beauty salon But you don't wanna hear that, you still not happy Shit, so what the industry's bustin' at me Car chases through Brooklyn, cop's on my tail Feds hit the spot, found it chopped on the scale Undercovers Ds hit the block for a sale For you or nobody else, I'm not goin' to jail Imagine, all of this inside of a day Just for your ungrateful ass, whatchu got to say? Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Skin Deep f/ Lil' Kim Album: No More Games 12" Song: No More Games Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@Hotmail.com [Lil' Kim] Uh, uh Clark Kent will make it hot [Clark Kent] Superman, Superman Lil' Kim is what'cha got Junior M.A.F.I.A. [Lil' Kim] Skin Deep in tha house Junior M.A.F.I.A. 1 - [Skin Deep]  Baby just stop  I'm so tired of playing  Stop, no more games  Baby just stop  I'm so tired of playing  Stop, no more games [Skin Deep] I'm on my way out So many things that you did wrong You fooled, you lied, cheated Now my love is gone And I gave you all I had in this world Not bad of me me to say it But I need it 'fore I go Ooh I can remember then, yeah You were going to the movies My best friend said he saw you But you were not with me Now I don't want no explanations Don't give me no excuse Girl I'm running you off Now for you constant love abuse Repeat 1 [Skin Deep] Well I gave you all the loving that you wanted baby But even though I tried it wasn't enough for you baby My heart was all that you needed Well now it's over and it's time for you to do it [Lil' Kim] Baby, it's the finest, dimest What'cha talkin' bout you wanna grind this? (Whoo!)Get to know me I need that full metal jacket like Tom Hanks Banks to chips B.I. pack the clips Junior M.A.F.I.A. sticks Any nigga try-na disrespect who I be Cause I roll with the B.I.G. In the six double O accell Shoes from Chanel I bet that female Can't you tell living well? Parachute goes feeling lucho Lil' Kim be solo papi chulo Wanna see me smile pop the Cristal So I can get my drink on And get skin deep on you creeps Try-na do me by takin' me to a dinner and a movie You just a big silly frontin' willie Babe roll you got to go Don't take it personal Full of games it's just one of those things [Skin Deep] No more games, I am tired of your silly lies No more games, I am tired of your silly lies No more games, I am tired of your silly lies No more games, I am tired of your silly lies I gave you all the loving that you wanted baby But even though I tried it wasn't enough for you baby My heart was all that you needed And now it's over and it's time for you to do it baby Repeat 1 You see baby check out Don't wanna be, don't wanna be Don't wanna be Don't wanna be a fool alone Repeat 1 till end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Will Smith f/ Lil' Kim Album: Willennium Song: Da Butta Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Will Smith] Uh, uh, uh What? Whoo! Ha-ha Yeah mic check Mic, mic, mic, mic, mic, mic, mic, mic Alright now let's go yo [Lil' Kim](Will) Here come the butter baby (I bring it smooth and hot) Here come the butter baby (Bringing it smooth and hot) Here come the butter baby (I bring it smooth and hot) What? What? What? What? [Will Smith] Here come the butter baby Bringing it smooth and hot Got the staff from K-B Singing this groove a lot So I got my spiral notebook Drink and pen And then abracadabra y'all, done it again Married but I flirt a little Siking the ladies In the videos I be bringing it like Mike in the 80s Level of success based on my level of risk You've been yelling for the lyricist Then reveling this Old school hip-hop a beat and a rhyme Some chapters and some verses, you seek and you find Look no further here I go, Big Will, Johnny Inferno Flame by hip-hop burns eternal All aboard on my train to fame Rappers hoping that it'd rain Trying to stop the game But rain can't stop me I got a coat in the crib Hey look y'all yellow bricks quit beefin' at the whiz, what? [Lil' Kim](Will) Here come the butter baby (I bring it smooth and hot) Here come the butter baby (Uh, bringing it smooth and hot) Here come the butter baby (I bring it smooth and hot) What? What? What? What? (Lil' Kim y'all what?) [Lil' Kim] Lil' Kim, Big Will give a damn how y'all feel Hate, but on the real, Big Will is seven mill If I wasn't on top I'd have a lot less ends I'd most likely have a lot less friends You know what I learned, let them keep talking Uh-huh, pull up in an Azure and watch them keep walking [Will Smith] Kim haters be making me wanna flip and react [Kim] No-no-no, chill Will and let me do that (alright) Huh, I gotta eat can't get with broke cats You know the queen like to be where the money at I'm the mother, y'all like adopted in this Call us Mr. and Mrs. Papadapolis When will y'all learn? Y'all just interns You gon' get what you earn, just wait your turn I rock telephones with the TV screens So I can have real phone sex Know what I mean? [Lil' Kim](Will) Here come the butter baby (I bring it smooth and hot) Here come the butter baby (Bringing it smooth and hot) Here come the butter baby (Yo I bring it smooth and hot) What? What? What? What? [Will Smith] It's the fun king, I've been doing one thing Running things for years, give me one swing And it's out of here, crack! Over the fence ladies and gents Keeping rappers impressed but depressed by my current events [Kim] Yes Lord! [Will] Big Will swinging the best sword What'cha flexing for, don't be testing me boy Messing with me boy, you're stepping on the root of a daisy I have you're girl saying [Kim] Will why you do that to my baby? Yo Will, what they looking stupid in the face for? What? I can't have rocks the size of a baseball Trust me when I cop I make sure mine cut glass Never spend my last, like a crack head for the blast Y'all can kiss my ass acting like you know me You ain't got a Rolley, take this one here you owe me All in together now, wrists looking better now Screw greyhound bound, I'm getting cheddar now [Will] Burrrr! When she step up in the scene! Who! Ice gleam, y'all scream, "Bow to the Queen!" Ring on her finger mad phat Leonardo DiCaprio saw it and caught a flashback *mouth noise* All you rappers wanna snap, Jazzy Jeff got my back *mouth noise* Lil' Kim bring it back, Lil' Kim press the rack [Lil' Kim] Yeah I'm short and sexy, my love's divine My name is QB and I blow your mind with the *mouth noise* When I step up, body lookin' hot All the music just stop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ The Lady Of Rage, Lil' Kim Album: I Wanna Rock (Queens G-Mix) 12" Song: I Wanna Rock (Queens G-Mix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Sample courtesy of "It Takes Two" by Rob Base & DJ EZ Rock] (Snoop Dogg) Right about now!!!!! (Oh yeah!!! If we did the kings mix) (it's only right for us to do the queens mix!!!) [Snoop Dogg] (Crowd Chanting): So I called two of my homegirls to get it in real quick like From the East Coast, Queen Bee and from the wild wild west coast The Lady Of Rage (SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!! SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!! SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!!)  [Chorus: Crowd Chanting] (Sample courtesy of "It Takes Two") (*Snoop Dogg) (**Lil' Kim) HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! (I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now) (*Let's rock y'all!!!) (**Hey Snoop daddy, I'm ya leadin lady on this one) HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! (I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now) (**Showtime!!!) [Verse One: Lil' Kim] Ev'rybody want a female rapper like Kim None of these bitches got swagger like Kim Don't believe that Biggie movie, that's not Kim!!! Girl that's portrayin me, that's not Kim!!! I got it covered like a Phantom umbrella Waitin on me to stop I plan like never I love it they never stop hatin boy I tell ya So today I'm slashin them in all Donnatella It's like money is my kinfolk Y'all trippin thinkin I'm a stop gettin dough Oh boy I get a rush as in the battle of the enzo Yeah it's Kimmy, AKA forever bad A hundred large in my forever bag They might be in denial, but y'all know who the queen? Call me dope girl, I got that new mean Oh yeah I'm in my bag, who want the drama though? I slam my checkbook down and tell 'em vamanos [Chorus: Sample courtesy of "It Takes Two"] (Crowd Chanting) (*The Lady Of Rage) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!!) (*HI!!! UH!!! YEAH!!!! YEAH YEAH Y'ALL!!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!! SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!! (*HI!!! UH!!! TELL 'EM WHAT I WANT DO!!!) (HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (*Right what? Right now) (HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (*Right what?) [Verse Two: The Lady Of Rage] It's ya homegirl Robin and I don't need Batman Comin off the head crazy, think I need a CAT scan (what?) No imposters, put you Oscars' in a trashcan I +Dropped the Bomb+ on you harder than the Gap Band 'Cause I, am, such a effin lady (effin lady) Ha! Out in space like Weezy F'n Baby (F'n Baby) {?}, you know my style is hardcore The roughness is neccessary, fuckin with the legendary Now let's address this (c'mon), who's the bestest? (Who?) This brown dame, the Lebron James with breasts-es (UHH!!!) Nutty when I spit it, like two steps from kookie CRACK -- and I wanna rock right now like Pookie Mama got a brand new swag and it's the freshest Mo'Nique on a beat, don't make me touch you, Precious! I spit a sick spell, like a shaman knows I slam the bottle back (and tell 'em what?) and tell 'em vaminos! [Chorus: Sample courtesy of "It Takes Two"] (Crowd Chanting) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!! SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!!) (HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now) (HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now) [Verse Three: Snoop Dogg] Boss Dogg chillin, lookin like a million Yeah, nigga got it, I'ma leave it to my chil'ren Tonight I'm on some other shit, and baby lovin it Hella fast, grip dey ass like the oven mitt I'm gooned up, boy! Rich as fuck, boy! Black and gold brakes, that's my truck, boy I'm on my Eastside, shit I'm workin I got the party goin, and it's jerkin My niggas all long, we rollin out deck Hoes gettin in, you betta pick a bitch 'Cause when I shut it down, the party's over wit She call me Superman, I'm on my +Soulja+ shit (YOOOOOOOU!) Boss Dogg, get 'em, I sick 'em and take 'em home West Coast bitch, I'm on my fuckin throne I'm giggin on these hoes, do 'em like dominoes And slam 'em on they back, and tell 'em vamanos [Chorus: Sample courtesy of "It Takes Two"] (Crowd Chanting) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!! SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!!) (HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now I wanna rock right now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Lil' Kim Album: Sexual Eruption 12" Song: Sensual Seduction (Sexual Eruption Remix) Typed by: VibeWithMe@gmail.com [Snoop Dogg] I'm gonna take my time She gon' get hers before I I'm gonna take it slow  I'm not gon' rush the stroke So she can get a sensual seduction So I can get a sensual seduction So we can get a sensual seduction Sensual seduction, whoa whoa [Lil' Kim] I'm gonna take my time I like to get mine from behind So he can take control And lick me from head to toe So we can get a sensual seduction So I can have continuous eruption With no interuptions So he can have a Lil' Kim seduction, whoa [Snoop Dogg] She might be with him But she's thinkin' 'bout me, me, me We don't go to the malls We don't go out to eat, eat, eat All that we ever do Is play in the sheets, sheets, sheets Smoke us a cigarette Then go back to sleep, sleep, sleep Cause we done got a Sensual seduction Sensual seduction, whoa whoa Sensual seduction Sensual seduction, whoa whoa I'm gonna take my time She gon' get hers before I I'm gonna take it slow  I'm not gon' rush the stroke [Lil' Kim] Don't rush If you don't know by now Lil' Kim is a freak, freak, freeeeak He's lickin' his lips Like I'm something to eat, eat, eeeat Can't get enough of my honey 'Cause he say it tastes sweet, sweet, sweeeet He's got me so wet 'Cause he's going so deep, deep, deeeep So we can get a sensual seduction So I can have continuous eruption With no interuptions So he can have a Lil' Kim seduction, whoa [Snoop Dogg Rap] I was all in the club Havin' a drink, blowin' on a sweet When I peeped this lil' freak out I was all on the bar, went drift up Shawty Redd came on Then she hit the floor now With a see-through dress Long hair, light brown eyes Lookin' like Ms. Bo Peep And a player know If I take her home, with them real big hips You so ripe, I'm gon' beep So I approached the chick with the real pretty face Nice curves on her with a little bitty waist I whisped in her ear, "Lil' mama, what you drink?" I know that you a freak, but you know I ain't gon' say shhhh See, my game is outrageous I got her to the crib and exchanged some love faces But it wasn't no need for me to rush to bust one Cause I wanted her to have an eruption Sensual seduction Sensual seduction, whoa  Sensual seduction Sensual seduction, whoa whoa Sensual seduction  (All the time, any time) Sensual seduction, whoa whoa Sensual seduction The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Swizz Beatz f/ Lil' Kim Album: Swizz Beatz Presents G.H.E.T.T.O. Stories Song: Gone Delirious Typed by: jasper00711@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Swizz Beatz] The Monster (ohh) Queen Bee (uh-uh) Can't be serious! (uh-uh!) Fix your face! [Swizz] + (Kim) We're gonna do a son (yea yea) That you neva heard befo' (aww yeah!) We comin to take this y'all, take this y'all We comin to rock this y'all (this is a world premier) Y'all ain't ready for it, uh-uh But get ready for it (aww yeah!) (world premier) Queen Bee (Yo Swizz where it at baby?) Talk to 'em (Where it at?) Talk to 'em, talk to 'em, talk to 'em [Lil' Kim] + (Swizz) Just to prove to y'all niggaz that I'm still on top I told Swizz, give me the gutter shit you got (I got you) And I'ma give it to you raw whether you like it or not Like it's my last bullet and I only got one shot Aim straight for the middle like I'm throwin a dart And when I spit, believe it's goin straight to your heart I lay my mack game down nigga, straight from the start Don't take it personal baby -- fuck you, pay me! Ain't nuttin but ladies in my dark blue Mercedes With the Parabas kit, got niggaz mad as shit No we never sip unless it's ice in our drinks But sometimes we get cold from the ice on our minks That fly-girl persona, it's the primadonna world Act like you ain't heard about the, Gabbana girls Holly-Hood style gettin LOVE around the globe You might catch me next season on the cover of Vogue! [Chorus: Lil' Kim] Y'all niggaz done gone delirious And y'all hoes, can't be serious Queen Bee, Swizz Beatz, they scared of us Y'all know it ain't no comparin us [Lil' Kim] + (Swizz) I got moves in this game, the other chick is a fraud (beyotch!) I'm important -- like the queen on a chess board Bitches talk slick, but they ain't got nuttin for me When I'm in they terriotory, it's a whole 'nother story We never get stuck, sometimes we take the long route When our back's against the wall, we bang our way out I'm in the gettin money mode, livin by the street code Bout to have, every corner of this rap game sewed Hey hey - you homies better start, showin some respect Or get slapped silly -- heard my man G. Dep! Hey hey hey - quit tryin to holla at the bee and you think you fly Impress me dog, throw some money in the sky! Queen Team rockin the yellow and black jerseys Pull-out the black Denali when I'm ridin with my dirties Six six six, that's the mark of the beast I love God nigga - and I'm reppin the streets (c'mon!) [Lil' Kim] + (Swizz) Return of the widow, it's goin down kiddo Y'all hate me, huh; yeah aight - ditto! That's why I keeps the fo'-five in the pillow Trespassers, they gon' DIE in the cribbo Uhh, black Barbie, knows how to party Don't ride but I still cop a Harley Don't lie - who else is hot besides me? Worldwide, I crush everybody! And I shouldn't have to tell y'all who run the city Even my seven-year-old niece Rizzy, knows I gets busy You know the name, Lil' Kim, high class (woop woop!) Shake it shorty with yo' high-priced ass Tryin to be a billionaire, I got things to do I made my mark in this game, who the fuck are you? (Yeah) They say I'm pretty like chrome on chrome And that feelin at the top is like home sweet home (beyotch!) [Swizz Beatz] Y'all ain't ready for it The Queen Bee, y'all ain't ready for her Ohh, y'all ain't ready for it Yo, put your hands in the air, c'mon! [Swizz Beatz] Get your hands in the air (the monster) Everybody get your hands in the air (Queen Bee) Yo, get your hands in the air (it's ugly) Everybody get your hands in the air (we here) Yo, get your hands in the air (ohh, ohh) Everybody get your hands in the air (yea, ohh, ohh) Yo, get your hands in the air (uhh) Everybody get your hands in the air (y'all gon' need new amps) Heh.. it's ugly! {*Swizz scats to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:SWV featuring Lil' Kim Album:Release Some Tension Song:Give It Up Give It Up SWV featuring Lil' Kim Say what? Check it out [Lil' Kim] Pop corks with the best of them, style on the rest of them All because I threw my breast to them Now they zest and caressin' them, Kim neva stressin' them Five figures, bet I'm pressin' them This goes out to my thoroughbreds Real dogs while ya halfway cats play the back If ya gizzat, like dizzat Ask Mark Morrison, it's Return Of The mizzack [Taj] I don't wanna hear it All the things you said to me About the way you do me About the way you make me scream Words could never put it Those are just a waste of time So hit me with your best shot I wonder can you blow my mind bridge: No need to make me feel like I want a Casonova (you got to satisfy me) So baby what's the deal, cuz I'm curious About the baby chorus: I wanna know it, baby You got to show it boy Give it up! Don't talk about it Give it up! Just do it boy Never believin' baby Til I can see it boy Give it up! You got me thinkin' Give it up! Your just pretending [Taj] Honey I've been waiting And I'm not waiting anymore All the anticipating So baby won't you close the door Enough hesitating So why don't you try change your mind Cuz I've been waiting long boy We gonna have a real good time bridge: chorus: [Lil' Kim] When I met ya, I swore that I would never forget ya Scared thinkin' I won't let ya Lick my back up and sniff my crack up Then I slacked up, you know niggaz can act up Before they get the booty, then I stay like Tootie Usually I, know the truthfully I Don't mind if you wanna get a little Into Me like SWV Stop frontin', can we do a little sumthin' Word to my man Max, push the fifth track in the Bently Watch me, go dat gently, but simply Ya'll men be, Wasting My Time like Mona Lisa, put that on my Visa Make you sit calm like Monesha, talking greasy but I talk greasier So Tim man slide so you can make it fit a little easier chorus: The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Lil' Kim Album: Urban Legend Song: Get Ya Shit Together Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Intro - T.I. talking] As you see the O.G.s from Grand Hustle done laid it down again T.I.P. shawty Hey yo, this for all my homegirls like to see a baller do his thing Get ya shit together come on All the eight, nines, and dimes I'd like to welcome y'all to the best time of ya life Ya understand that All the stones is real And it's all chrome on the wheels, ya know Anything less is uncivilized [Verse 1 - T.I.] Pull up to the club, lift both doors up Hopped out clean and yo ho chose us Walked in the door, make the show hold up Cause my neck and my bracelet is so froze up The kind of stones bitches wanna see close up So we don't appraoch them, they come and appraoch us Roll the dro up then go post up Look down with the west fixin' go sho' nuff In the V.I.P. and all eyes on us Hoes chill, poppin' pills blowin' dro no dust What cha say, got a man so what I don't know him baby and he don't know her I got a new Phantom and my own chauffeur Ya think ya fixin' be thinkin' bout him, no sir Probably prefer to tel ya man good night Unless you don't wanna know what the good life look like [Hook - Lil' Kim, T.I.] [Lil' Kim] If you ain't gettin' money good night I know what a broke nigga look like When ya ridin' in ya wheels get ya shit together Boy them diamonds ain't real, get ya shit together [T.I.] Now we can ball seven days, six nights If tht head and that pussy hit right Hey, match ya panties with ya bras get ya shit together Go get ya hair and nails done get ya shit together [Verse 2 - T.I.] Hey, I'm off the scene with Louis the thirteenth Chains swings to my jeans, and my T-shirt clean In case you been researching, I'm the King With a style as mean as the Earth seem Chest on ice, and my wrist on gleam 30 karats in the ring, money ain't no thing You think I'm playin' but I ain't joking The dro king, if it ain't purple, I ain't smoking Rubberband bank rolls, fifty thousand dollar cheddar knots Try to shine, is you out your mind, boy you better not I walk around with more money than you ever got Shrewd attitude like I never had to sell a rock Shawty I can get you in whatever spot Backstage, front row, what I got to front for I'm getting bored, don't even know what I stunt for Got a lot of rides, what it hurt to cop one more [Hook - Lil' Kim, T.I.] [Verse 3 - T.I.] To all my hot girls, if you wanna come chill Or roll on chrome wheels, let me tell you what it is We fixin' throw a little party at the crib Where the floors tricked out and the rooms like ill The basement's cool, but the pools unreal Where that millionaire lives, shit remains concealled So pop a pill, put on your blindfold I'm hitting the dance floor, and grab eighty-nine more Let em' know we on the way where they been trying to go I knew I had em' when they asked me "What kind of diamonds are those" Headed to the spot pouring double shots of XO Play the "Love Below" ane watch'em undress slow Flicks on the flat screen, make em' want to "Get Low" And spit shine this dick of mine until it gets swole When they kick it with the king, they don't wanna let go So whatcha gonna tell a nigga, when he tell ya "Let's Go" [Hook x2 - Lil' Kim, T.I.] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Total f/ Da Brat, Foxy Brown, Lil' Kim Album: No One Else 12" Song: No One Else (Puff Daddy Remix) Typed by: chris.wilcock@btinternet.com [Foxy Brown] Brown nigga, uh, chromed out six and shit Bubblin' layin' up with them Colombians Oh fuck no, I get this doe, Fox Brown Mama Jig suits from Gabbanna True, balla nigga who you callin' Papa we be flashin', sex lastin', all night long, it's strong The mattress, Ill na na, like Benihana steaks The boogie like a fresh pair of snakes Italian, Fox Brown the don, Gucci on Stylin, sip Crystal on the Cayman Islands Uh, got gay niggas ready to switch, like Ravano Turn that mob nigga to snitch, true player to don From Veneddinni, five carats on the arm, jew-els be the bomb The four hotties, Total and Foxy, sip us some martinis Bad girl of the year 96, Pam Grier, uh! Chorus: I don't need, no one but you, ooh ooh ooh I don't need no one I don't need, no one but you, yooouuuu, oh oh oh oh oh [Lil' Kim] Many people tell me my style is terriffic Stupendous, tremendous, I bend just a little bit more Than the average whore, cause I'm focused I rock Versace lamps and saucers You didn't know I like crack-adile boots and gator suits The biggest willies, got to fill me, huh I like the hot wheels, you got a fast car Like Tracy Chapman you can cruise with this rap star The mink sporter, the heroin importer, I be that rich bitch Stack banks by the chips, check it I spot hits like Spud Mackenzie, I'm Leona Hemsley Taxes is gettin' axes It's essential for the presidential, certified testicals Get sprayed forty decibles, the king and I All you need in this world, I'm a bad girl The high pitch Queen Bitch Chorus [Da Brat] Once again I'm all you need with the caramel skin Fat lucious lickable lips in a jet black bitch Stackin' ends fulfillin' dreams makin' life complete  Come take a journey with this funkdefied bitch that can't be beat Once, twice, second time around for me Three times more than the lady you'd imagined it be I been, re-enstated, platinum plated and niggas hated Relay it that I'm the shit, twelve lookes and a pit Get hot like a chili pepper, flee for me You got the blunt give it away to the B-R uh A-T And check my M3, think I know everything will P-I-she And you can't keep up with this heffer from the west side streets I'm talkin mad money, acting funny with all the phonies keepin it real with homies who been real with me It would defeat the purpose for me not to flash my rocks Cash, count all his cheques, invest stocks and bonds Sippin on Don The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trick Daddy f/ Cee-Lo, Lil' Kim, Ludacris Album: Sugar (Remix) 12" Song: Sugar (Remix) Typed by: griffiar@westminster.edu, kirenamloh@msn.com [Cee-Lo] Uh huh [T-Dubl] Yeah [Cee-Lo] Aw man I got a sweet tooth, can you dig it [T-Dubl] After this one you gon need a root canal then [Cee-Lo] I love sugar all of it [T-Dubl] This one for all the clean, decent women [Cee-Lo] Lay it on me girl [T-Dubl] Pay Close Attention [Hook: Cee-Lo] She put that sugar on my tongue Shes gonna Gimme gimme some She put it right there on my tongue (Skeet Skeet) Right there on my tongue (She turns me on, like no other) [Trick Daddy] And gimme some of your butter pecan  Put it right there on tip of my tongue, hold it Right jeeeah Cuz baby, if I bite you I bet you like it French Vanilla's a hell of a flavor for me With strawberries, two cherries and whipped cream The best things are the wet dreams And uh, the rest is just a flick without a sex scene Or lee, I speak the truth Cuz the blacker the berry The sweeter the juice Cuz, Florida oranges and Georgia peaches When they nice and ripe, they the best for eatin' Southern boys we crave for old slice of pie after they main course So if you game for it I came for it I got a thing for ya That I can't ignore [Hook: Cee-Lo] She put that sugar on my tongue Shes gonna Gimme gimme some She put it right there on my tongue (Skeet Skeet) Right there on my tongue (She turns me on, like no other) [Lil' Kim] He lickin' his lips like I'm somethin' sweet (ta!) Lookin at me like I'm something to eat (ta!) I got pimps givin me they money Just to taste my jar of honey Cotton candy sweet as whoa Come and lick my Tootsie Roll My sugar baby once you wet it Give high blood pressure like a diabetic How 'bout a little Kim with ya coffee I just can't keep these boys off me Pink diamonds, dudes love to frost me Runnin' behind me like I'm Mr. Softie (ah!) He said I drive 'em crazy Got a sweet tooth for you baby Just gonna look at 'cha lady Lil' Kim's eye candy baby! [Hook: Cee-Lo] She put that sugar on my tongue Shes gonna Gimme gimme some She put it right there on my tongue (Skeet Skeet) Right there on my tongue (She turns me on, like no other) [Ludacris] She put that sugar on my tongue, tongue Yippie Yippie, Yum Yum Goodie goodie gum drop Put me in a tongue lock Did it 'til my body went numb, numb Laid her on her back, back Turned her round, gave her bottom a smack, smack She's a woman from the block with the best of weed But I won't stop 'til I'm pullin out tracks, tracks It was lust at first sight And she couldn't help sayin that she wanted to get with me And my size was just right Cuz she wanted a man with a little sec-ur-ity Said I been around the world twice And my name ring bells from Atlanta to Sic-i-ly Said she wanted it all night So put the bubbles in the tub and Ludacris and me [Hook: Cee-Lo] She put that sugar on my tongue Shes gonna Gimme gimme some She put it right there on my tongue (Skeet Skeet) Right there on my tongue (She turns me on, like no other) Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeeeah Yeeeah Yeah  Yeah Yeah [Trick Daddy] Sweetie you look so incredible So delicious and so damn edible All I need is some honey or syrup With a lil' butter to rub down all your curves And no need for the lemonade Just a twist of lime and some grape Kool-Aid Can I call you Caramel? Cuz I'm bout to go coo-coo to taste your Coco Puffs One bowl ought to fill me up But that milk gotta be cold enough So supper time that'll hold me up I might choke myself if I don't slow it up, but Honey, you look like a honeydew melon Or strawberry with the whipped cream filling Of the top part of the peach cobbler But uh, the fruit platter ought to do me better [Hook] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trish Stratus f/ Lil' Kim Album: WWE: The Anthology Song: Time to Rock and Roll Typed by: AccessKimmie@yahoo.ca [Intro: Lil' Kim] Hahaha I don't care what yall say [Chorus 2X: Lil' Kim] (Whoa) It's time to rock and roll (Whoa) This time I'm in control (Whoa) Right now I own the streets I got the keys to the city That's cause I get down [Verse 1: Lil' Kim] Sometimes I wonder, how I made it far With all these people hatin' on me, y'all know who you are Take a chance and try to come up, in this game bein' a star Now I own the keys to a brand new fancy car, baby It's my turn to burn, and now I'm here to rub it in ya face (Hahahaha) When will you learn, I'm the Queen and I'll put you in your place [Chorus 2x] [Verse 2: Lil' Kim] Bounce.., Bounce..., Bounce.. How dare you try to go aganist the glorious hon I'll slaughter you son, it's over, the story is done You can be number two, but I'm second to none What you forgot Queen Bee's the notorious one, uh Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby I'm cream del la cream, so you can never play me See I'm more than a lady I'm more than a lover, more than enough for ya Please try understand me I'ma stay at the top, cause I don't give a damn I don't care what y'all say, I'ma keep doin me Y'all can't fade me [Chorus to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Twista f/ Lil' Kim Album: The Day After Song: Do Wrong Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Man dawg, it's some bad bitches out here that'll ("make you do wrong") Whoa... go on girl ("make you do wrong") I know everybody gotta feel this Yeah you got somebody at home but this bad motherfucker right here gon' ("make you do wrong") [Twista] I could tell when I dropped the top I nippled off on the block, I was gon' get into some bullshit That's the reason why I watch for cops And keep me two baby glocks, both of 'em loaded with a full clip Still I gotta be on a mission for paper But later on I'ma be hangin out with everybody Never knew I shoulda been scared of the hottie I got up with later on at the R. Kelly party So I pull up the club in the Coupe Look at how them jeans huggin the boots Saw me ippy uppy icy as hell, f'rilla good smell Have you ever seen a thug in a suit? Jackin bitches up Socializin with everybody flirtin with girls but got plans to go home 'Til I felt the way you was backin up on the thang Gettin down on the flo' I could see the top of the thong She a (bad muh'fucker) she could bass a deuce A fine-ass Medusa make your dick turn to stone Take a look at the thong, get in the zone, took a shot of Patron And I was gone, she a (bad muh'fucker) Take a look at them hips, and how she lickin them lips Like she was lickin ice cream Ballin with a bad bitch that ain't yours on the scene Listenin to some Al Green might ("make you do wrong") [Chorus 2X: Twista] + {Lil' Kim} That's a girl that you shouldn'ta fucked with But she so seductive, got a nigga head gone Now you know it ain't right, got a girl at home But tonight she the type that'll ("make you do wrong") {This nigga that you shouldn'ta fucked with} {But he so seductive, had a bitch head gone} {Now you know it ain't right, got a man at home} {But tonight he the type that'll} ("make you do wrong") [Lil' Kim] I got the champagne and popped the top And then unlocked the lock, the Queen 'bout to get her bang on I don't know what I'ma tell my dawg When he look up and realize that a bitch ain't came home Shit, he about to be rockin it Lookin sweeter than chocolate, he got the smell of a Reese's Break a fella to pieces, it's a hell of a thesis Adjustin his body with telekenesis Got on top and then he knocked me off, until he was soft Got in the car and dropped him off Tryin to sink down as low as I can up in my seat Cause I'm rollin in the Hummer and the top was off My guy sleepin anyway and that's whassup But I'm paranoid, drivin fast as fuck Thinkin 'bout what I did, I try to sneak in the crib Here come my man in the front, askin me what ("make you do wrong") [Twista] I don't know what you talkin 'bout Baby whyon'tcha go on back to sleep I was at the police station, when you hangin in the club wit'cha boys gettin drunk 20 deep it'll ("make you do wrong") [Lil' Kim] If you got up with a ho Shoulda told the bitch use another douche If you was at the police station, shoulda smelled like heist But you comin in smellin like puss what'll ("make you do wrong") [Twista] Well I couldn't resist Cause she was thick as hell and so cute Steady comin at me, she was throwin it all on me And I couldn't leave, she had a big dookie shoot, it'll ("make you do wrong") [Lil' Kim] Well I know what you talkin about So we can do it like this I'ma go and ride, you can do what you do Cause I done met another brother with some bomb-ass .. it'll ("make you do wrong") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Usher f/ Lil' Kim Album: My Way Song: Just Like Me [Lil' Kim] You got it going on (what, what) you got it going on (what, what) Come on, come on Strictly fuck we/those (6) digit niggaz If the first one is a (9) they a buck behind, I live my rhyme  At the same time can't find myself layin up, if you payin up Bullets start sprayin up, you know my niggaz is sick  The game ain't enough for you to run up in this  I needs stacks of chips, you know dream house money  Shit you just like me so don't start acting funny  [Usher] Your the kind of girl that makes Everybody feel that your just so damn good (so damn good) But your secrets I found out So don't deny what you're about I know the truth, you know I do (I do) Chorus: I know you get lonely Just like me And you want it Just like me But act like you don't you know you're just like me  [Usher] Quiet is kept you cry for help When no one else is there I betcha you touch yourself Does it feel good? Late night calls, I betcha you do it all Anything to get it off  but you still persist to front on me Baby tell me (bridge) Why (oh why) do we play this game of chase When we know we both feel the same way And why, do you put me through all these changes When you know your just a freak like me  You're just like me [Lil' Kim] If I had one wish in the world, I swear to God It would be for girls to rock pearls, straight out the oyster Voice your opinion Queen Bee made a million Got mirrors on my ceiling, so I can see it When ya head be in between it, if I had a penis I'd be heartless for real though, niggas start shit I'd just flash out my dido, ya'll move to quick Thought I'd be memorized by your cocaine bricks And ya smoke gray six, nigga thought you was a groupie obsessed fan with my picture in your hooptie You heard my record now ya know I'm freaky So ya wanna wreek it and ya wanna see me How your dreams be, you want me sexual In a gun fight, 2 on 3 I'm next to pull, and I love life Something you never could imagine, then you woke the fuck up It's just rappin (Hook)  Don't front like you don't girl you're just like me  Just like me  Just like me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Jeezy f/ Kanye West, Lil' Kim Album: Put On 12" Song: Put On (Remix) Typed by: VibeWithMe@gmail.com I put on... I put on... I put on... I put on for my city, on, on for my city I put on for my city, on, on for my city I put on for my city, on, on for my city I put on for my city, on, on for my city [Verse 1: Young Jeezy] When they see me off in traffic, they say Jeezy on some other shit Send them pussy niggas running straight back to the dealership Me I'm in my spaceship, that's right I work for NASA This 7H is not a fraud, call that my bitch my bodyguard Call that bitch your bodyguard? Yeah that's my bodyguard Wear a lot of jewelry, Young don't so security What's whiter than a napkin harder than a dinner plate? If you want it come and get it you know I stay super straight Ran up in my spots and now I'm working out the Super8 Know you niggas hungry come and get a super plate Y'all sing happy birthday yeah I got that super cake 100 karat bracelet I use it like some super bait [Chorus 2x: Young Jeezy] I put on for my city, on, on for my city I put on for my city, on, on for my city Put on - Eastside Put on - Southside Put on - Westside Put on... (Yeah, let's go) [Young Jeezy (Lil' Kim)] (Oh yeah) I put on... (You knew it was coming) I put on... (Yo Jeezy what's poppin' my G?) I put on... (I like this right here, that's what I do) I put on for my city, on, on for my city (Yeah) I put on for my city, on, on for my city  (They want a show, I'll give 'em a show) I put on for my city, on, on for my city  (Yeah, eastside, southside, I'll do it like I'm doing it for TV baby) I put on for my city, on, on for my city  (I put on for every city I go to, proceed) [Verse 2: Lil' Kim] Lamborghini name on my luggage and my sports car Jog five miles in my Louis Vuitton sports bra Nigga I ain't playing, the celeb's in the courthouse I show up and show out, that's my motto 'til the day I die Trying to do what I already did, I'm on some other shit You don't like me? Well I don't really give a spit  They don't wanna give it to me, dammit I'ma take the shit Get money international, y'all can have them local chips I pops, can't duck the barrel, I was born and breed thorough If you know me then ya know I put on for my borough Might catch me in Maybach, Phantom, or the private jet Put on like a billionaire and I ain't even got it yet  [Chorus: Young Jeezy (Lil' Kim)] I put on for my city, on, on for my city (What y'all gon' do when I do get it, huh?) I put on for my city, on, on for my city (It's all over now) Put on - Eastside Put on - Southside Put on - Westside Put on... (Yeah, let's go) I put on for my city, on, on for my city I put on for my city, on, on for my city Put on - Eastside Put on - Southside Put on - Westside Put on... (Yeah, let's go) I put on... I put on... I put on... I put on for my city, I put on for my...  I put on for my city, I put on for my city, on ...  [Verse 3: Kanye West] I feel like there's still niggas that owe me checks I feel like there's still bitches that owe me sex  I feel like this but niggas don't know this stress I lost the only girl in the world that know me best I got the money and the fame and that don't mean shit I got the Jesus on the chain man that don't mean shit Cuz' when the Jesus pieces can't bring me peace Yo I need this at least, uh, one of Russell's nieces on I let my nightmares go I put on everybody that I knew from the go I know hoes that was frontin' when they knew we was broke They say damn Yeezy Yeezy you don't know us no more You got that big fame homey and you just changed on me You can ask Big Homey man the top so lonely I ain't lyy-iing so lonely I aint lyyy-iing Let me see what we have tonight what we have tonight I'm high as a satellite (satellite) I see those flashing lights (flashing lights) Cuz' every night, every night [Chorus to fade] 