The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne f/ B.G., Juvenile Album: Tha Block is Hot Song: Tha Block is Hot Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, joseph@rri.on.ca [Lil' Wayne] Wha wha, wha wha, wha wha, wha wha, what Straight off the black gold, nuts in my hand, trustin no man Got my glock cocked, runnin this thing, ya understand We be steamin.. blazin.. nines, pumps, and K's, and Holly Grove 17th, (what) tha hood where I (what) was raised in (what) Niggaz bustin heads and, runnin duckin Feds and rocks under they tongues and, ki's under they beds and Hood fulla real niggaz, twenty-four seven hustlers EHHH, until we shove a barrel down ya pipe suckers Ain't no love for no busta, no fear for no coward No respect from no stunt, and no money without power We keepin niggaz hotter, EWWWW nasty and sour Pile up in the Eddie Bauer and BLAKA at every hour Some niggaz like that powder, foldin up what they drain Some like that weed or that dope and some shoot it up in they veins (oh) From the home of that 'caine, jackin and crackin brains Broadcastin live from Tha Block it's Lil' Wayne (who it is?) Chorus: B.G. and Juvenile, Lil' Wayne Juve:	Nigga you got that llello? B.G.:	Well cook something nigga Juve:	Nigga you let them K's go? B.G.:	Well bust somethin nigga Juve:	Are you duckin that law? B.G.:	You better run from em nigga Juve:	Are you playin with that raw? B.G.:	Well won't you front somethin nigga [Wayne]	Tha Block is Hot, Tha Block is Hot ha, ha-ha 	Tha Block is Hot, Tha Block is Hot ha, ha-ha 	Tha Block is Hot, Tha Block is Hot ha, ha-ha 	Tha Block is Hot, Tha Block is Hot ha.. [Lil' Wayne] See where I'm from we keep our guns out Dodgin cops and burnin blocks, so we be thugged out It's time to floss, bring the big bodies on dubs out And they got quarters, halfs, and birds in that one house (I got it) (I got it) It's all good in the hood but a lot illegal Soon as you get it, hot SKIRT, there go them people Break up the block and hit the cut by the corner sto' End up in Miss Taylor backyard, be quiet, she on the porch This everyday, at the spot where niggaz murder off top, boy It's the spot where they got Fire Girls and Hot, Boys We don't know what be goin cause we so blunted from trees and we'll be round ya all day til we "400 Degreez" And you see where niggaz go, nobody be on the pulpit They got a nigga got on a scarf, he flippin out off that raw Betta stay in yo' car, and make sure (BEEP BEEP) your door is locked Cause this ain't nuttin proper, cause Tha Block, is jusssst Hot Chorus [Lil' Wayne] See watch your step on my set, gotta walk like, talk like We done shot out all the street lights So you can't see who we be like And we like, to dress in all black up in my residence Ain't got on no suits, cause we ain't tryin to be presidents And ever since the coke drought, niggaz been on a trip y'all So you better watch what y'all playin wit Cause a nigga will try to flip y'all They hit y'all, jam you up and put a gun to your jug Hahhhh, catch your breath, now shhhhh, catch a slug It's street smarts, plenty niggaz that keep spots When the heat starts, ain't nobody got sweethearts Callin weak shots, you could come try to cheap talk We cut your week short, them lil' boys don't give a damn Go all out for that cake, won't hesitate to kill a man Run in his house and kidnap the nigga, him and his fam Tie em up put em in the vans, then put a gat in his jaws ... tch, one move blow his cactuses off Chorus [Lil' Wayne] WHOOT! Some people call me cause Tha Block is Hot Shk-a-BLAOW! Bust ya guns cause Tha Block is Hot Nigga chshhhhh, cook it up, cause Tha Block is Hot Say look Daddy, just hook it up, cause Tha Block is Hot Nigga WHOOT! Some people call me cause Tha Block is Hot Shk-a-BLAOW! Bust ya guns cause Tha Block is Hot Nigga chshhhhh, cook it up, cause Tha Block is Hot Say look Daddy, just hook it up, cause Tha Block is Hot Nigga my block hot, nigga my block burn My block on fire, nigga what about yours? Nigga my block hot, nigga my block burn My block on fire, nigga what about yours? The block is hot ha ha ha ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne f/ Hot Boys Album: Tha Block is Hot Song: Loud Pipes Typed by: Kjbossalne@aol.com Verse 1: (Mannie)  Wha wha wha nigga nigga I put piss stains on private planes cuz its my jet nigga Money aint shit cuz my rottweilers drink moet Diamond baugette bracelets for my lovers Playa, i use cristal to lubricate rubbers Who got shit on his wrist that cost 3 nickel Who got the project on lock when that nigga slangin pickle Who got benz, a prowler, playboy, and a Vette Tell the truth--who fucked ya on the same night when we met? Now, who got baby mamas from the noila to new york Who got every bitch attention in this motherfucker when he talk Now who the fuck we talkin bout, look--yall dont know? I'll give you a hint: see that bitch you with? He fucked that hoe Now look here, yall aint seen my watch, its like harlem world video White diamonds, red rubies, blue baugettes, I dont know Shorty, when tha next time imma be up in your bed I love you? you love me?  Well go head on and gimme some head Chorus: 2x (Juvenile)  Loud pipes big rims Wodie thats our life When we pull up at the club Sorry thats our night I know a lot of haters out there sayin That thats not right But our diamonds are much bigger So thats our life Verse 2: (Baby) I told four I need somethin With some hell of a ice Nigga came back with a hell of a price That aint nothin These hoes doin hella wrong Callin these niggaz on our cell phone Bitch ridin benz on 20 inch chrome Gimme the key, the car hoe, and the alarm For my prowler, my jag, my benz and my home Bitch you'll neva ride 20 inch chrome I love to shine, thats why the choppa is mine Hit my block in my benz hoe with stretch tires Bought a new car that I couldnt drive Ordered the tunes before a nigga could drive When I put the bose system right behind my eyes With the vc's and tv's so a nigga could shine With my ice bling bling like a 9 to 5 And tell all my hoes they dont need no job Chorus 2x Verse 3: (B.G) I ride the best from a benz to a jag to a beamer to a lex Might fly first class on delta, helicopter or a jet I'm a stunter, I'm a reppa Geezy like to shine Drink Don, Moet, and Cris See thats the finest wine 20 inches is the only thing i sit my shit on Dont bring ya bitch around me  Cuz my dick she'll wanna sit on And I aint gonna tell her nothin different Thats ya issue But after she come back Your best out is not to kiss her Hoes sick sayin damn, look at Fresh pinky ring Look at BG watch That bitch blingalingaling I'm a ice wearer, trust me, you will neva See me sportin nothin that aint 20 g's or betta Me and Wayne take the left Juve and Baby take the right Its dark in the room, we hold up our watches and its light Cash Money millionaires livin a hell of a life Like my nigga weezay said, we surrounded by ice Chorus (2x) (Lil Wayne) whoa whoa whoa Now im shinin baby glossin Big tymin stuntin and flossin Lamborghini sittin on broaders With two more in my garages Plus a blue and black ferrari With nintendo and atari Man I swear the car is awesome Vroom! sorry we lost em I'm back I pull up smellin like dime sacks and cognac I leave in the hummer,  Hour lata I'm flyin back Whoosh, private jets about to land The women fall out when I let em touch my hand I get out the plane into a mercedes benz van  TVs all ova with chrome 20 inch fans, damn Got damn Man I am L-I-L, weezy, off the heezy But still in all, ice floodin on my watch And in my grill and all Porch blocks front blocks Still in all, me and Slim in the Rover Beatrice brick holder, Cash Money young soulja Chorus & talking til fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne Album: Tha Block is Hot Song: Watcha Wanna Do Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com What What? Nigga, huh? Huh? Nigga, what? What?! What? Check! I'm shootin', flee Pollutin' you and your niggas, betta run from me Comin' through in a strap... with a 223 You be losin' your life when you caught up... in beef What? Nigga nigga, shiiiit! Now, I'm ridin', ride With a K on my side 50 shots flyin', fly Nigga, you want beef with I? I hope you lyin', but why? In the middle of tha night, I be fatigued, camouflagin' by Byy-bahda-by-by-by Huh? Nigga, what? Takin' me for a joke, and watch me hurt cha Boys there, they be commercial... I beat 'em 'til they purple I'm a lil' bitty nigga, but I got a big ole chop, 2's that'll kill 50 niggas Didja do it? Thought it was cool? But cha still in it, nigga Your so ugly with your boys, but I'm still pretty, nigga Lil' Wayne representin' I cut like blades, I bust heads, and break legs I tear up dreads, take our breads, now go figure What? From tha 17th, I back down from no nigga Had me four deep in four cars on your block with four triggas Man... ya'll niggas ain't up for this!! Ya'll hatin' on me, you can suck my dick! Didn't I tell ya ta chill? Guerrilla, you can play if you want Find yourself in tha back-a my trunk Ho, feminine punk! (Chorus) Now, nigga, what?! Huh?! (What?!) Nigga, watcha wanna do?! Nigga, huh?! What?! What?! Watcha wanna do?! Nigga, I say what?! Huh?! Huh?! Watcha wanna do?! Nigga, huh?! What?! What?! Watcha wanna do?! Now I be Wayne Wayne Wayne... from CMB 50 shots, flame flame flame... from artillery Bullets, they stain stain stain... burn like rubber on tha streets (Screech!) If you can't hang, find your way from 'round me Lil' soldier in all black off-a A.N.E. I pullin' ego, my nigga, so ain't no playin' me Yeah, I may be... a lil' small and all that But I'm 'bout war, totin' a gat, flippin' a car and all that Now freeze! Me and my g's hitchyour hood like fleas Soldier rag, black 'Bauds, white T's, and Ree's Please, tell me that you was fulla weed When you said you want beef 'Cause I don't think nonna ya'll famileez wan' see ya'll bleed I know what tha hell it be Ya'll niggas don't listen up when we speak I be ten-deep Lettin' 223's chop trees (?) told me not ta be weak, and let a nigga play me So he... who take tha biggest bite, lose all-a his teeth Hook up wit Juve, Turk, and B.G. Open niggas like ki' G... I bet some g's, boy, can't wet a HB Or Steve's... CMB's make tha scene off tha heez All ya'll beef-b's be seized when we ride... g's! (Chorus) Nigga, what! Huh! What! Watcha wanna do?! Nigga, what, nigga, what?! Nigga, huh?! Watcha wanna do?! I say what! Huh! What! Watcha wanna do?! Nigga, what! Huh?! Nigga, watcha wanna do?! Look, dog... you can be stupid if want, watch, it be war Or all you drive tha car, I hit tha block and.. cut 'em off Whole nation gon' fall... when Wayne spins tha cut Guns up, nigga, what!... I clutch and bust Niggas duck and hide... when.. I.. ride I load tha forty-five, and explode on your side My niggas, Mike and Mario, they got some 2's for me And I spin a nigga ben until he use ta me I'm on a 3000-dollar duck.. on your block, just waitin' Nonna dem niggas could take me, I was too in-tox-i-cat-ed But, nigga, if you want war with me, besta be 'bout your issue Hit your set with.. my nigga with them things ta split cha Picture a lil' nigga dressed in black... with a big ole gun In front'chyour house, shootin', 'baahhh!!!'.. hollerin' out, 'Nigga,  what?!' Nigga, what! Huh! What?! Watcha wanna do?! Nigga, what! Huh! What?! Watcha wanna do?! Nigga, I say huh?! What?! Nigga, watcha wanna do?! Have me in all black, bustin' back at your crew! Now I say, what! Huh! What?! Watcha wanna do?! I say, huh?! What?! Nigga, watcha wanna do?! Nigga, what?! Huh?! Nigga, watcha wanna do?! Have me in all black, bustin' at your crew! What! What! What! Huh?! Huh?! Nigga nigga nigga, what ch'all want? Nigga, what ch'all niggas wan' do? Nigga, what?!... Huh?!... Huh?! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne f/ Hot Boys Album: Tha Block is Hot Song: Kisha Typed by: Delq@aol.com, sugarmomma@bolt.com [Lil' Wayne] Got a early call from Kisha, Kisha wanted me to meet her She said she thought it was time to make the relationship get deeper Said cool then I'm gon' beep ya What would be a good time to reach ya She said what about ten but l thought eleven would be sweeter Cuz she wanted me to see her, said I needed a teaser But shit who got the keys to my Beamer I rolled me up a blunt and got the Crystal out the freezer I hopped in the two seater, left Nae-Nae with Macita Vroooom speed up run faster than a cheetah Only thing on my mind is how l'm gone get all in this cheap slut Should I use a rubber cause i heard she was a freak but hey say she keep it cleaned up, but I don't want HIV bruh I drop my top on da drop-top, her name's on my beeper I called her on the Nokia And told her come pick me up As soon as I got in the house she got on her knees and grabbed my penis Ate it up like some peanuts I said oooohhhh Kisha Chopped off like a millimeter She drunk it like a 2 liter She blow like a pro, oh no I got to keep her Told her l'd be back about eleven I'm gone creep her But don't go to sleep, I got some more meat to feed ya [Turk] Now I'm hot, I wonder what's up with Kisha tonight I'm gone give her a call, see if it's alright For me to dip through, she said it's all gravy First I got to get somebody to watch my baby Baby it's all good, I'll be there in a minute But she didn't know I knew Wayne was already hittin' it Soon as I pull up I see my dog runnin out He saw me peepin at him, but he didn't open his mouth Soon as he pulled off I knocked on the door Sayin to myself look at this dog ass hoe Its cool what you do You know I like my shit sucked For you to swallow the cum and put ice on my nuts Caught my nut, now I'm up I'm gone holla at ya Kittie I got studio tonight, me and da H B'eezeys I can't be late, I'm gon' see ya when I could Hit Juve on the hip, let him know it was all good [Juvenile] Ooohh Oooh there she go, on the way to the corner store Lil Turk let me know, we done fucked the same bitch before Say lil mama where you headed, she told me forget it Hop in the back seat of my car and she spread it Say baby slow down I don't wanna fuck ya first I want you to suck on my dick until my nuts will burst She was a fool with it She said she had a good teacher she went to school with it Cuz she knew what to do with it I didn't want the bitch to have my car smellin So I took her in the alley with some K Y Jelly Pull your shorts and your draws down to your knees Put the rubber on the dick handle that please I hit it she sucked it Hit it she sucked it and sucked it I got tired of the pussy and mouth and I said fuck it Hey hoe, I gotta ride My baby moma beepin me and she stay way on the other side I hit B.G. on the celly And told him that the bitch was all good up in the alley,  not the telly [B.G.] This hoe don't know I know she fucked three of my dogs I caught her walkin out the alley down by the mall She fucked Wayne, Juve, Turk, I know she ain't got no walls But they told me she'd do a damn job on the balls She provided the number later on gave her a call Told her what I was thinkin and she was down with it all Can't deny it she was a fool kept that dick standin tall What she'll do a nigga, should be against the law That's how Hot Boys play it when we finish we toss Baby when you finish Manny Fresh down the hall After this episode that hoe won't be able to walk After two or three steps that hoe might fall Now you know then Hot Boys sad ha Get in the bitch head, end up doing somethin bad ha Kisha got did right yeah Fucked the whole Cash Money click all in one night yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne f/ B.G. Album: Tha Block is Hot Song: High Beamin Typed by: LilWayn226@aol.com (BG) Niggas be hatin 'Cause BG got it Every top of the line car they got Look I ride it From the Hummer to the Rover To the drop jag B and C lex truck  Nothin' my click ain't had Everybody head was fucked  When they heard bout the deal Cash Money hotboys climbed for 30-mill Already was straight now we livin larger Already was ballin now we ballin harder ??? bitches can't take me  Cause my wrist stay flossed out Niggas hate me cause all day i'm flossed out Ghetto made me  My dog, Baby, saved me Niggas find out they hoe got fucked, ?? That's how it go It ain't my fault I got mega cheese  Walk that walk  Talk that talk i'm BG Paperchaser to the fullest get my grind on Gotta do it cause I made that song Get Yo' Shine On (Chorus)3x Me and my click be sizzlin hot steamin Bouncin' through diamonds high beamin' (Wayne) Wha I'ma flosser baby, baller baby  A fifteen year old shot caller baby And I'm racin through  In the all black chrome  A Mercedes Coupe Got yo' wife at my house  And she naked too And all my niggas all around  Sayin 'Shake it Boo, go ahead to what you do' It's Weezy dog and off the heezy dog And I'm surrounded by the ice It got me freezin' dog  And it's plain and simple  Won't change 'cause it's natural  Lil' Wayne a pimp y'all Got the game from Beatris I'm tryin to see six numbers Pull up at the Grammy awards in six Hummers  Leave the Grammy awards with six womens And make a stop at the gas station for six rubbers Put it together This is the life when you get full of the cheddar  Don't try to end it or you would'nt get better, what (Chorus)4x (Wayne) La, la, la, la Here I come star rapper I get the fast money Short, cute hot boy that rapper Cash Money Standin out the roof of my car  And flash hundreds Take your girl to the mall Spend a G like that's nothin She lay on the floor  Open up the spot  Take off her draws Let me see the cunt Don't stop Lil' Weezy We's ain't nothin nice  But gats in my Jesus Christ  Nothin but ice  When they see me at night  Behind ?? I stay high Snatch yo' wife  Run up in her with the K-Y But it's on man Ever since I was born Wayne Nigga get out of line  I get dirty like John Wayne I'm bout stuntin', flossin' Whatever come wit it And I don't shoot guns Unless they have a drum wit it At first they wasn't wit it  Thought that I was jokin Now I got 'em all payin attention like they owe it (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne Album: Tha Block is Hot Song: Lights Off Typed by: markthomas@netalpha.net (Lil' Wayne) Cut the lights off nigga (Cut 'em off) You know what time it is (What) You know what time it is (What) Strap -Up (Gun Cocks) Verse 1 Alot of niggas better move out Cause here I come with my click With the tools out All of a sudden all these cowards Startin to spook out  It's warfare a buncha of niggas Bout to loose out It's time to load up them thangs  Hit the spot run in his house And make 'em show up then thangs Take 'em in the room go in his pockets  And then blow up his brain No matter the weather Rain, snow, sleet, or hail I'ma slang that metal  So tell 'em niggas in yo' hood To get it together Cause i'm the tolas mario  And we down for whatever Nerver underestimate or you goin under Y'all keep on playin with Lil Wayne But that lil' boy trouble And plus dis shorty be full, wodie Be scorin bundles, dem start wildin and Hit the block and let his toys rumble  And it go ratter tatter Ya be suprised how niggaz scatter  When the M-1 shatter  And everybody on they block They get bout ten in they bladder (Chorus)2x Tell 'em lights off Mask on  Creep silent Your lifes gone We done left the block quiet Verse 2 La When it's time to ride It ain't no time to play It could be time to die At any time of the day And i'll be godammit If i let a nigga steel me It will not happen Ima fire about a hundred and fifty shots at 'em And got my glocks rammin Leave a nigga spot damaged That's how the beat made us I chief three blunts  So I can get a head rush Then come around the corner And your whole day crush I'm sick and tired Niggas choosin test a boy They get hit and die  Some of 'em scared of man slaughter So they stay inside  And watch they partner get lit up And then they ask why That's cause you played wit' me They could'nt of known im'a guerilla Drama stayed with me  Run in his home went to kill him Took his head with me You better get it right or keep it right Or lose your whole town Tell em' lights off It's about to go down  (Chorus)2x Verse 3 Massacire all these streets block it off Lil' Wayne in yo' hood With something like a rocket dog And i'm after ya  I don't pass beef  I stop at all  That boy got a head on his shoulders I knock it off I'm highly intoxicated mixing krystelle and vodka Somebody call the doctor  Cause my chopper done went blocka, knocka Nigga out the way man I'm sorry but us guerillas we can't stay tamed, say it man Are you ready, ready Ready for warfare Wayne, Turk, Juvi, and BGeezy they all there We all flare, don't care, dog they all tear Give the guns to the one with the long hair Dem block burner It gets quiet they see the rims twenty four seventy (Breathes)they breathe heavlily Bullets they come steadily You better stay off the block Cause you might fall You better stay off the block Cause the lights off (Chorus)4x (Lil' Wayne) Lights off Tell em' lights off La, la, la lights off  Nigga lights off We done left the block quiet The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne Album: Tha Block is Hot Song: Fuck the World Typed by: LilWayne226@aol.com Look, look, look A young nigga screamin fuck the world and let 'em die Behind tints, tryna' duck the world and smokin rie Got my bandanna 'round my head and pants to my feet And got my eyes fire red and glock on my seat I'm tryna' stay under intoxication 'Cause I lost my father, and got an order, plus I'm on probation I'm drinkin liquor like it's water, gettin pissy drunk And stayin away from them lil' broads that tryin to give me some I keep a chopper in the trunk and my heat on my wasteline Duckin the law, 'cause I ain't tryna' do no FED time Sometimes I just wish I could be away But I gotta take care of Janae and keep Macita straight So I just maintain the struggle and I keep tryin But how can I when my closest people keep dyin' I ain't lyin that the law tryna' bust my clique But I scream fuck the world man, I'm too young for this (Hook) 2x Look, I don't cuss, but in this verse man fuck the world I lost my father to a gun and made a little girl And I'm still thuggin' wit' my niggas tryna' keep it real And I'm still doin for my mother and I'm payin' bills Give me a cigarette, my nerves bad The FEDs said they heard that I know where them birds at And my old lady say she saw me with anotha ???? And some a the boys shot up my block so now I gotta kill 'em And teachers keep tellin' my momma that I'm gettin' worse And now she trippin talkin 'bout I need to be in church And my lil' girl whole family tryna' lie in court Tryna' put me, a child, on child support And whole family deny me of what I do 'cause I'm a 'thug and stuff' Plus, my niggas keep fallin to them drugs and stuff That dope got these niggas meltin away Man they got clowns right around me, killin they self everyday We keep fightin but they so strong I know it's hard but don't give up baby hold on Just keep ya fate, count blessings, and wodie keep ya trust And grab ya nuts and let 'em know that we don't give a fuck We don't give a fuck (Hook) I mean the world just ain't gon' never change So I just keep my head up and my nuts, let 'em hang Dawg I swear it's very rough out here for the youngstas Like everybody against me 'cause I'm a young thug Dear Rabbit, why they have to kill Rabbit? But I'ma keep you alive, nigga, I'm Lil' Rabbit That's why this lil' nigga be buggin like it's no tomorrow I only can depend on macita and C-M-R I try my best to make it through the night and live today But I'm upset so I'm steady wipin' tears away And police got me under surveilance when and wherever Wreckin they brains, tryna' figure where I'm gettin that cheddar I tell my family just leave me a-damn-lone I can handle all a my business, this lil' man grown But I try to forget about it and just stand strong But if everythang was cool I wouldn't write this damn song Fuck the world (Hook) 3x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne f/ B.G. Album: Tha Block is Hot Song: Remember Me Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [B.G.] Say, Weezy (weezy) [Lil' Wayne] Can... they remember... me? Lil' Wee... zy [B.G.] Make 'em remember (Haaa!) ya, nigga Let these niggas know your (Look!) background, nigga (Look!) Let 'em (Look!) know your (Look!) background! Let 'em know how you've been for a while [Lil' Wayne] All I was taught was murder murder Kill drama, and nothin' less I strap tha Smith-Wess, and bust.. it in they chest I had ta hustle hustle hustle hustle Had ta struggle for success Hid grams in girls' breasts, stick bricks.. under they dress Them niggas there with me fooli' Me, I'm full of that dilly Hope when I catch them slippin' Him and they daddy's trippin' Shorty can hold it down Shorty be totin' rounds Smellin' like a pound on school grounds Shorty, wow Hair... all over my head Bandana 'round my brain Eyes bloodshot red Briches down to my legs, guns up in my trench When niggaz playin, they get drenched My pockets is full of lead So, nigga, stay off the benz, I'm young with bad nerves Since I lost my father, I've been troubled hurt and disturbed So I'on't even hesitate to leave 'em on tha curb And wet dem niggaz shirt, nigga, get 'em full of birds Tell them niggaz, Geezy! (Chorus, [B.G.]) Remember he? Tha little G, never die Took one to tha chest, but Weeze Wee never die Remember he? Tha little G, never die Have B.Geezy on his side, so Weezy Wee never die Lil' Weezy Wee... had ta steal, hustle, and jack Weezy Wee roll with K's, glocks, and MAC's Tha little G, he was raised keepin' it real That's my lil' nigga, I taught him to get it how he live, nigga [Lil' Wayne] Look, look That time I forgot tha bills Ain't been home in two weeks Macita lookin' for me Tha word all over tha streets Well, shiiit! I love my momma But all I got ta offer is drama, and many problems I lay back in tha cut These niggas out and I rob 'em, they ain't spin around here We all alone on my block like nobody live 'round here Tha lights got cut off at my house, and now I'm lookin' for a win-dow I can't see it, I'ma drop my pile on tha floor They got some niggas stuntin' in Benz, hey man, them boys ain't riders {gun cocks} Hand it over, partna, my feet done got tired (Break it off) Well, picture this, I gotta corner this ole nigga address He said he got that work, and needed me ta meet 'im there (Meet him there) Nigga, take your Roly down with somethin' shady, daddy (What?) Within a week he changed his mind, and... received tha package (What?) Oh well... back to tha drawin' board (Board) Cowards start hollerin' 'cause they know I'm comin' for it (Chorus) [Lil' Wayne] Lemme tell 'em You remember that there nigga use ta be thuggin' it out Blunt in his mouth, would stay passed up in a drought Run in your house, "Lay down! Nobody move! Tell that slut go get your stash, and empty your pockets, fool!" That's how it was... crime, struggle, drivin' for scrubs Lots of thugs... make niggas come ta answer them up Some niggas choose ta come back to me, ride around my set for me My lights off that thing 'cause I got that SKS with me !Okay! (!okay!) Listen, all you ballin' niggas betta !relocate! (!'locate!) 'Cause, see, ya'll got it I gotta make my cheese !rotate! (!rotate!) Right now I'm doin' bad So just give me with whatever you have, my stomach hurt, I need a bag I'm street-livin'... week for week No-sleep livin' Look outside ya window in tha mornin', your jeep missin' My heat sizzlin' I'm ready ta sweep these niggas Geezy... make 'em remember Weezy, nigga! (Chorus 2x) [Lil' Wayne] Look, remember that? [B.G.] Wuz up, (Are you rememberin', B.Geezy?) I remember you, nigga, we go way back ta True Story, (Now) nigga, ya heard  me [Lil' Wayne] Look, you don't remember me? [B.G.] I remember ya, nigga [Lil' Wayne] I was.. I was (You were doggin') a bad dog... (You were a lil' dog) Highly  Grove 17, off top, nigga (Uh-huh) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne f/ Juvenile Album: Tha Block is Hot Song: Respect Us Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Lil' Wayne] What what what What what what What what what Listen, listen When.. I come through.. bustin' Everybody on.. tha block be.. run-nin' Weezy Wayne, Hot Boy, I.. be.. thug-gin' Got.. them.. things.. ten up, keep.. hustlin' Catch me at tha shop, I will.. be.. there And my prices stay low, I keep.. it.. there And if you want it raw, I got.. it.. right.. here And if you want war, I am.. your.. nigh-tmare This is all I know, it's bang bang I hustle and slang slang My block.. I hang hang Who am I? Lil' Wayne, man I represent CMB My cell is ten in heat I usually get in beef Was taught that it's him or me I pop head-bustas quick I rock here for my brick I chop that, I'ma (?) My shop here (????) I always.. thug in black And always.. bustin' gats Your girly's.. fuckin' back Now how you... lovin' that Chorus: Juvenile (repeat 2X) Hot Boys wodie, respect us Representin' Team Cash-Money Re-cords It's warfare, you betta, vest up But if you ain't scared, they blow, your sets up [Lil' Wayne] Listen, listen I give it to 'em how they ask me Raw and nasty Tha AK, I pack it Believe I'm 'bout that action Slash a busta like a fraction I'm on that yolla Standin' on tha corner with one sleeve over my shoulder Ride on your block, I see a dozen of weak jerks Now it's time for your momma ta order a dozen of T-shirts For only half-a brick I'll blast tha fifty And I ain't gon' stop shootin' 'til I jam tha clip Yeah, I'm a small creeper, what But it's about ta get ugly Ya'll betta call people up I'm about ta start shovin' my sawed-off between your guts Wayne 'bout ta (cugghh-gghh-gghh) ball people up Ya'll betta duck When it get real, they hide from me But, all them bustas 'bout ta get killed, I'm tired of it Man, I'm thuggin' 'til tha day I.. I die, cousin Weezy Wee.. let 'em burn, bring tha fire truck in... (whoooo!) (Chorus 2x) Nigga, let it be known I'll come blow up your home Take a few blunts to tha dome And.. show up alone Just me and my.. flame-torch Wayne start.. danger Walked with my head down like a stranger, and banged ya Burnin' off that Hennesy Some-a ya'll be feminine Bounce in with a twitch Leave 'em crawlin' out a ditch God damn... son of a shhh!.. Don't speak I cocked that, and let it go, tssss!.. Give 'em heat Your cheese, I got.. ta.. get.. paid I'm goin' all out, no matter what.. it.. takes I.. was.. raised.. up on.. that.. paper Kill-for-the-scrill was.. in.. my.. nature Tote M1's and keep.. tha.. block.. hot Sell wrong colts to keep.. my.. glock.. hot Never add taxes to.. my.. price, man And if a boy play, I ride.. at.. night, man What! (Chorus 3x) [Juvenile} Uh, uh, uh Say Lil' Weezy You did this one here, ya heard me They ain't gon' never get weared out from this one It's like they said, boy In tha year 2000, it's all about Wayne It's your chrome, man, run that thang 17th ward to tha 3rd ward downtown Do that there Huh, huh, huh, huh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ B.G., Manny Fresh Album: Tha Block is Hot Song: Drop it Like it's Hot Typed by: Lilmidget1@aol.com [Lil Wayne] Drop, drop, drop, what what what After you back it up then stop What, what, wha, drop it like its hot After you back it up and stop What, what, wha, drop it like its hot Now drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot Make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it like its hot Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot hehe, listen [Lil Wayne] You know me girl I'm a cash money millionaire look at my Rolie (Rolex) girl Drop to your knees toss your hair ahah slow me girls Now hit it strong, won't be long, now catch it slowly girl No he didn't say that, yes I did girl I don't use rubbers, and I don't plan no kids girl I don't want your number, I want your trouble, in ya skins girl Then after that, you can get it how you live girl That's on the real girl, I'm a pimp girl Get it twisted, I'll slam you like Shawn Kemp girl I know my neck get it hot like a lighter girl I just slap you a couple of times, never fight it girl That's cause I likes it girl And let me tell you somethin girl, I am a player girl  So don't you try to play me cause I never save a girl Do me a favor girl, and wet the spot girl And after you back it up, drop it like its hot girl [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Now after you back it up then stop What, what, wha drop it like its hot Now after you back it up then stop What, what, wha, drop it like its hot Make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot Make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it like its hot Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot [B.G.] First I need you to bend both knees Wobble that ass right, then pop that pussy  The left one time, the right two times (whoa)  Show a nigga somethin, put it on a nigga mind, come on, come on Now twirk it bitch; ain't no need to hold it in, what you workin with You want a Hot Boy, hear me, work it bitch Then break a nigga off, let me hurt you bitch, let me hurt you bitch I'm on fire yea, I'm nasty and I'ma make you holler yea Girl think I'm playin, I'ma freak ya down I'm a show you how we do it over here Uptown I wanna hear you make them ooh, ooo B.G. sounds I wanna hear you say boy, aw you laid that down Aw you laid that down I'm hot yea, people say I'm off the block But I won't stop till you drop it likes its hot [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Now after you back it up then stop What, what, wha drop it like its hot Now after you back it up then stop What, what, wha, drop it like its hot Make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot Drop it like it's hot, make em' it like it's hot Make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it like its hot Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot [Lil Wayne] I'm a rider boy, the hottest boy, respect me Cause I'm on fire boy, on fire boy Got them trees, holler boy, holler boy Bout my cheese, them dollars boy, dollars boy I'm a seventeen survivor boy, with choppers boy I got guns that go BLOCK A boy, BLOCK A boy Ya'll runnin with a monster boy, reason Wayne callin yall And I'm a mobster boy, hit it right I get my ball on like soccer boy  I keep it right I ain't gon thaw it off I'm a Tymer Boy Go up in flames blockburner thats my motto boy It ain't a game, I cock that cause I'm inside a boy I'm a pimp, got a wife that'll holler boy Catch her at the house steppin out the shower boy (shhhhhhhh) hehehehehe, got a lotta boys Claim to be soldiers but lies boy And if I catch em I'ma bat em and make em retire boy [Mannie Fresh] Put a hump in your back and bend your rump Hey sexy little mama we can do the hump And you can hurt me hurt me, sex me sex me (what) [Lil Wayne] And after he finished, next me next me [Mannie Fresh] Work it jerk it pull it hold it grab it (whoa) I need it eat it beat it, silly rabbit (ooo) Woo hah stuck ya in the ass (ooo) Got this thang up in ya like a snake in the grass (sss) I know you wish you could go home (go home) To a nigga with a dick like a python (python) Stay up in ya like a off the hook telephone (telephone) Got ya walkin round with nothin but a fuckin thong (wha?!) Take the switch out on these freaks because cause I'm so wrong [Lil Wayne] So wrong, so wrong, so wrong Drop (wha) so wrong, listen, listen, listen [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Now after you back it up then stop Then what, what, wha drop it like its hot Now after you back it up then stop Then what, what, wha, drop it like its hot Make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot We make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it like its hot Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot [Lil Wayne] Tell em' after you back it up then stop What, what, wha drop it like its hot We tell em' after you back it up then stop What, what, wha, drop it like its hot We make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot Make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it like its hot Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot [Lil Wayne] They go wobblety wobblety, wa a wobblety wobblety Wa a wobblety wobblety, drop drop it like its hot Make em wobblety wobblety, wa a wobblety wobblety Wa a wobblety wobblety, wa a drop drop it like its hot Now after you back it up then stop Wha wha wha, drop it like its hot They gotta wobblety wobblety wa a wobblety wobblety Wa a wobblety wobblety, drop drop it like it's hot Tell em after you back it up then stop Then wha, wha, wha, drop it like its hot Make em after you back it up then stop Then wha, wha, wha, drop it like its hot Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like its hot Drop em like it's hot, drop it like it's hot Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like its hot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Big Tymers Album: Tha Block is Hot Song: Young Playa Typed by: jelanit@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne] He he hee I'm a young playa nigga, (what) I get the game from the big tymers, nigga (what, what) Who else? (Speak on it) On the real nigga, on the real nigga Respect the game Cuz I got the game [Lil Wayne] Y'all know who I is Weezy coming thru in the bubble eye Benz See me front in back with the wood all around Plus I got that *boom boom* surround sound Don't hate on me boy if you do *pow* get down Come from under my shirt try to lift you off the ground But on the other hand, I'ma keep running man I got about a hundred coming up with three Hummers man We stuntas man I might stumble across a grand and give it to you wifey And watch how she *slurp* on my pipey like a Icee I might be in a Range that night I might be in a Lex watching the game tonight I got a hundred on Kobe, hope he playing it right But if I lose, its cool, that's some change lil shite That ain't nothing I ain't doing nothing if I, I ain't stunting Hold up, girl be quiet, Lil Wayne coming. [Baby] Slow yo roll lil one You ain't glad its bought And Ms. Pat and gray head over there In the back card gambling At the bar dranking But go head, just be quiet with 'em lil one [Lil Wayne] Broads I use 'em Hatas I bluse 'em My whole front grill is full of confusion Got dammit Weezy pull up in a Porsche, expanded (expanded) I was to the back, niggas couldn't stand it Soon as I left the scene, the women vanished I got it like that Got Rolex, blue shit hard to say watches Plus I bought all of my niggas Cartier watches Weezy and his clique leave with forty b-e-atches "Million Dollar Man" baby Ted DeBiosi Catch me sippin on some Hen, maybe Covoursier Sammy, Mario, tody Taz, that's my posse And what You might see me dippin low in a Benz truck Tell yo girl hello I done did her, what you muggin me for Keep playin with me, I'll put a slug in yo do [Mannie] Now looky here, young blood Pull yo pants up on yo ass and put that piece of metal up in yo shirt Don't make me get up out this wheel chair and kick yo ass Now keep doing what you doing Go head Y'all know me, young playa, stomp with the big dogs Play with me boy I give you cancer like menthol Cough cough cough up Got a cat eye Benz on Brabus They call us Uptown shiners Original hot boy$ baby, big tymers I spit game Get in they head, they be like, "Quit Wayne!" Half hour later, I'm in they split man Hehehehe it be kicks man Let me get real I'll kill on the battlefield Steal for the scrill I will never leave my clique nigga, I'm to trill I'm a little peepsqueal But I'm a ape in that jungle And if you get it twisted, Nigga, I'm taking yo lover I mean I'm raping yo lover Leave her taste in my rubber I'm a playa nigga, I'm a playa The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne f/ Juvenile Album: Tha Block is Hot Song: Enemy Turf Typed by: markthomas@netalpha.net, aaronrm@hotmail.com (Juvenile) Ah hmmm hmmmm Hmmmm Hmmm Verse 1 (Juvenile) When I say I don't give a fuck I mean that yeah Niggaz brains is gettin bust I didn't say that yeah If a shipment was comin in I need a haul of dat wodie I need a sixty-forty nigga And no chargin' that wodie You done heard about Michael Jackson And shiggidy shit But you ain't never heard about me When i'm flissin a bitch  Niggas shoulders gettin knocked Clean off of they head  See that red dot comin from  Me and my girlfriend Cause I wants mine I needs mine And i'm about to get mine At these times Look lil' daddy  You ain't got to worry about none of these other niggas You needs to be worried about when Juvi comin to get ya Look, I make a phone call to the big dog Y'all bitches better handle y'all business before I hit y'all Even though a nigga rich and i rock ice I still bust a nigga head on the block aright (Chorus)2x (Juvenile & Lil' Wayne) (Juvenile) It's enemy turf that i'm on So I'ma play it how it go Cock the hollow points  And tote my black calico My lil' brother Weezy (Lil' Wayne) My big brother Juvi  Both hit tha blocks Strapped up with the Uzis Verse 2 (Lil' Wayne) What, What, La Gun for gun Eye for eye Better move yo' wife and son  Cause I ride or die  Cash Money Hot Boy Bless me when i'm gone But until then load up the chrome cause it's on I been bout it Put a boot up in my lip and put my dirty up in a clip I drop the top and then i flip I hit his cock and make 'em flip And I be full of that trash I be the first one to jump out the jag bust at 'em fast Watch the bullets chop off the head  And make 'em fall in the grass  One move they all die  Lil' Weezy small fry Guerilla when it's war time Y'all better learn  When this nigga shoot it'll be all hell Well then let 'em burn Hold 'em fo' ransom, hear me smart boy Seven churn and i be damn if i let 'em go If i don't get my dough  Then hell will be all blowin' Til I R.I.P., C.M.B. I be I put it down for all my peeps Nigga, I'm H.B. for real (Chorus)2x Verse 3  All i know is the streets  And how to strap up  When it's time shoot it Cock yo' heaters  Tie up yo' bags  It's time to do it Blaze the blunt  Shut off the lights  And cut down the music  Roll down the windows  Turn the corner  And let loose with the bbbbrrrrrr If ya don't know now  Then ya never will learn You ca play with Lil' Wayne And yo' block get burned You must love to go swimmin Cause tha water gets deeper See i bust you wide open  And take 'ya daughter with me Here come the beat boy  Shoot out the street lights  Time to bring on the heat boy  If you ain't really wit it  Then you better get back I open yo' chest  And make it look just like a wet cat This is a death trap  I'ma a guerilla and I mean it leave ya' head still in a beanin' Lyin' on the cement Calicoe steamin' Red dot beamin' Dressed up suspicious Play wit Lil' Weezy, you'll be dinner for tha fishes (Chorus)2x Enemy Turf Time to strap up  What The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne f/ Big Tymers Album: Tha Block is Hot Song: Not Like Me Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Paparue] Original roughnecks, hear {laughing} Check! (Chorus 2x) Nobody burn them blocks like-a we Nobody bust them heads like-a we Nobody could outshine we Tha whole CMR, CMR family [Lil' Wayne] Look, it's little rhymecholy Legendary like Bob Marley 17 ward superstar, feel me I tell ya, shorty million dollar, nigga Don't test, 'cause lil' shorty is a rider, nigga Got my click behind me.. every step of tha way Hit your wards, with tha pump, with your chest and your face I'm a bloodhound... I ain't lyin', I'm thugged out! I'm from uptown... and that ain't no Beverly Hills You wan' know what that be like? Well, curiousity kills Send chills up my trigga finger, blast tha dummy 'Specially if it's a drought, I got ta have tha money Take tha hit, even if it's below tha average money Got to make it through tha week, and feed my family uppy I'm just a lil' thug, what Belt-buckle fall down to my cuffs, what And police don't even matter, they can suck what Tha price right if I catch ya slippin', nigga, what what.. what (Chorus) Nobody burn them blocks like-a we (nawww) Nobody bust them heads like-a we (hmmmm) Nobody could outshin we Tha whole CMR, CMR family ([Baby]What!) ([Pap.] For real!) ([Baby]What! What!)Nobody burn them blocks like-a we ([Pap.] nawww) Nobody bust them heads like-a we ([Baby] Say it, say it) ([Pap.] hmmmm) Nobody could outshine we Tha whole CMR, CMR family (For real!!) [Mannie Fresh] Eeh, what, what What, you got a (?), 'cause of tha threats that you sendin' me? Lil' boy, I got so much money, I know who killed Kennedy I hear you tellin' people 'bout tha people you done But look, everytime I brought me to ya, you all about fun What made you bring a knife to a gun fight... now that's not right! Why your bitch-ass even showed up tonight? Nigga, we use ta kick it like Tai Bo I don't know.. what made you go sideshow, turn jive whore Kickin', trifling, dirty, and low We use ta split chicken.. ride ta Texas and back I drive tha rental car while you drive tha Cadillac Shakin' like a pair of hot dice Doin' 55, duckin' feds, law enforcement, and police Niggas turn like fake gold.. sell they soul Treat'cha like Chicago in tha winter: ice cold! 9-karat 44's, and Calicos Keep a clean nose And tight Teflon bullet-proof clothes (Chorus) Nobody burn them blocks like-a we ([B.G.] What? What?) Nobody bust (Stop!) them heads like-a we (What? What?) Nobody could (Stop!) outshine (Stop!) we (What?) Tha whole CMR (What?), CMR (What?) family (What?) ([Pap.] Uh-huhh!) Nobody burn them blocks (Stop!) like-a we (Stop!) ([Pap.] nawww) ([B.G.]  What? What?) Nobody bust them heads (Stop!) like-a we (Stop!) ([Pap.] hmmmm) ([B.G.]  What? What?) Nobody could (Stop!) outshine (Stop!) we (What?) Tha whole CMR (What?), CMR (Stop!) family (Stop!) ([Pap.] For real!!) [Baby] Nigga outta line, get smoked I don't kidd, or joke Fuckin' with my B.G., off top I'm goin' broke I don't play with these niggas I get.. low down and dirty And have niggas' brains coverin' tha ground I'm tha number-one stunter, you don't want my trouble I'll have four niggas in your hood in my hummer I'm from back in tha game, but ain't a damn thing change [B.G.] Ya get a whole thing for ten, nigga, tha price tha same [Baby] My money long, but it don't run with tha airport I just bought a Hotel Cash Money Resort Hos love my grill, hos love my crib [B.G.] These hos just love tha way that.. Baby live [Baby] But I'm a thug-ass nigga, arms full of some taps Got a Cash Money Millionaires 'cross my back You don't want funk with me.. I don't think you do, nigga [B.G.] We'll put ten-a-piece on your whole crew [Baby] What! (Chorus 4x) {fading out begins in 4th} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne f/ B.G. Album: Tha Block is Hot Song: Come On Typed by: coreydt@bellsouth.net Verse 1: where my niggaz at, it's play it raw time baby load up the guns guerilla war time baby light up the blunts, light up the block time dawg choppers with drums, ozzee's, and glock time dawg whoever he with, they better stay cause they to nice and whoever and hit, jump out the window and get it right then we run in his house and hit the body and haul them out then we empty the clip and let the Lord sort em out bust it really, it ain't no stopping me cause i hang up to that ville and now i'm tieing on my bandanna and i'm cocking back jump out the Hummer and say lil shorty wear your stocking cap dawg we got automatics, two shooters, six shots, and 50 round drums hit your daddy, you suki, you son, your wife and move your momma cause i'm off the wall, off the hook, off the chain got a sawd oil tec and i'm bout to knock off your brain tell em' Chorus: Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga Nigga Come On, Nigga Come On Wodie! Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga Nigga Come On, Nigga Come On Wodie! Verse 2: (B.G.) If drama come to me then it come for that i got two glocks and a k with a drum that's what i ride with not what i got got ducked off the mac, sweeper, the six shot, pump that sawd off i got the tillery when beef kick i got soldiers ready to march when that beef start i got niggaz be in that zone on that herion i got niggaz ready to kill when shit get real i got niggaz that play all out akirts of the field so get caught up in that place and your brain get spilled oh it's a game but it's a game of life or death you lose and can't continue if you get dome checked you get blues it's all what duck gonna be next come in that water and get wet think you can fuck with me, you thoughts will get upset i don't shot to hit i shot to kill believe me i don't shoot for fun when i shoot it's for real Come on nigga! Chorus: Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga Nigga Come On, Nigga Come On Wodie! Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga Nigga Come On, Nigga Come On Wodie! Verse 3: Give me the guns, i'm ready to bust one nigga my nuts hung nigga, since i was young nigga i get dumb nigga, with the M-1 nigga i sip some nigga, and i flip some nigga A uptown stunter, what the hell you think ready for war, BUT I AIN"T NO CAPTAIN OF NO GOT DAMN TANK! and you can take that to vegillity boy i'm burning up, i'm on fire is you smelling boy cause i be coming with the top down  letting them know how the chop sound 100 rounds tore the whole entire block down assault rifle with a drum and beam totter 38 with a speed loader in my holster Mac ozze achine with a strap around my shoulder but if i pop my trunk i'm might just set off a damn explosure i'm off the wall, off the hook, off the chain got a sawd oil tec and i'm bout to knock off your brain tell em' Chorus x2 You ain't gotta hollar wodie, here i come nigga! x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne Album: Tha Block is Hot Song: Up to Me Typed by: LilWayn226@aol.com Look, where I go from here? Just lost my father last year But I still, remain to keep it real like dollar bills I drop tears, can't believe my daddy's gone Rabbit come home, why ya left us all alone? But I'm comin man Just wait at the gates, I'ma be runnin man Arms open, eyes wide, full a love You watched me come up from a scrub Now ya see ya son ridin everyday on doves But I wish, I could share them times wit' you It got me pissed, this family and my momma, too But please brah, won't ya come back for Lil Wayne And see tha; Ms. Rose, Sheryl, Kemp, and plus Senitra Dawg, we really miss ya And it ain't all that cool livin off pictures Ah man, visit while I'm sleep, write a note or call me Can't believe you left me to be a small man But I know it wasn't meant to be That's why I suck up all the game that you sent to me (Hook) 2x It's up to you, Wayne, nigga, stay up and keep it real It's all on you, man, my nigga, I know how you feel Just be strong, 'cause everythang gon' be alright I know it's hard tryna make but it's gon' be alright Alright I know it, see I got a child I know I'm young, but when you left dawg, thangs got wild I know you probably sayin 'damn, you raisin children now?' But it's all gravy I'm with Baby makin millions now So I still smile I'm takin care ya wife brah Ain't nothin changed, if I still come home late at night she fuss But it's still the ol' same ol', same ol' Thangs go, up and down like rainbows, we maintain though So you know who payin the bills now, ah hah Still flossin, give my audience the chills, ah hah I got all my game from you, nigga I ain't gon' lie But I'm still thuggin nigga, playa you think I ain't gon' ride? But Slim and B done slowed me done and brought the talent out me Yeah Slim and B done showed me 'round, all a the Jags around me And I ain't goin' no where, that nigga stuck wit' me And make you and my people happy, man it's up to me (Hook) I know you know I'm thinkin' 'bout ya, you be on my mind I know ya see me everytime, watchin yo' lil boy shine And I know that ya see I put out my own CD And picture this, your little boy even on TV But I swear it's off the heezy, Weezy Say it's cool, you can believe me, I like how they treat me I'm doin' what ya say, don't let a nigga try me And I don't let a fine, pretty broad get by me Don't let nothin' pull me off track from my hobby Oh yeah, and I don't leave my room sloppy But the same thang make ya laugh, make ya cry And everybody that ya love it's like they have to die I pray to the Lord everyday and ask him why And ask him to bless your soul everytime I pass by I know he doin' it, and leavin all the love to me And I'ma prove it, and show ya daddy it's up to me (Hook) 3x I mean it's up to me man Just watch over me And it's gon' be all gravy man Leavin big, treatin me all good Everythang else be all good Rest in peace ya heard me I'll be there The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne f/ Turk Album: Tha Block is Hot Song: You Want War Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Lil' Wayne] Aw aw Aw aw! Aw aw!! Peep me out, look! Head bustin', black fatigues So blunted, 400 degreez, it's sweet Nigga, respect me When you see tha left hand buggin', nigga, respect it But if you see tha left hand bustin', nigga, your disrespectin' Took one to tha chest, I never die, I'm tha same brotha Jump out and shoot K's, let 'em fly, I'm tha same brotha It's a must they recognize that I'm untamed, brotha Disconnect a boy like a damn change number Uhhh, hang up and try again I kill ya, wake ya up, and make you die again Spark it up, and make a nigga block fry again Go ta jail, and do life, not five ta ten Me, Lil' Mario, and Toolie, that's my man, fam My niggas don't give a Jean-Claude VanDamme About'chu, 'cause we don't play around Bring tha K around, spray tha town, take tha ground Take tha ground that you walk on Tap tha phones that you talk on Jam ya up and take your arms off I hit you twice with tha sawed-off And your nigga just watch your head fall off... fall off You think ya love me, I shoot anybody that look suspicious (what) I bust tha three-six until tha damn drum bust (what) I hit tha hood, (I hit tha hood) be up in all black, (be in all black)  numb-nut I run up in your house with a tommy gun, what I'm standin' there like all mine Run through your click like a weak defensive line Doggy fresh [Turk] You want war, nigga, let's beef... beef We can do it how ya want, or take it to tha streets... streets I'll be dressed in camouflage, Ree's on my feet Through your air (through your air) leave ya burnin' like heat What ya.. know, I'm tha one from tha T.C. Chopper shooter, block bruiser, I'll bet any G (any G) On fire, nigga, label, that's a HB And if I can't kill you.. killin' your family (family) Think it's a game, 'rilla, test my nuts, you'll see How fast I send shots through your 6V (6V) Heads bust if ya really think it's CMB And I know you all know about Slim and B We get our ball on, nigga, drink Cristy Me and Buck get head from meekos in Tennessee Betta ask somebody, nigga, I been a G And the Baby still servin' niggas for ten a key... nigga [Lil' Wayne] Aw, aw, aw, look Call me big baller, Big Tymer, big pockets Call me big stunter, big stick, or big body Call me that lil' nigga with tha Role... fulla diamonds Call me tha number one Hot Boy on fire Fire, when you shoot outta town, then I'ma holler With a crate of Crystile, couple of blunts, and a condom Let him know if (let him know if) he down bad, that ain't my problem Ler him know if he come at me bad, then I'ma chop him Ch-uh.. chop him Put tha flame to him All of a sudden tha thing hits straight through him 'Cause I'm tha same nigga, pimper boy, Lil' Wayne Thugged out, pants fall to my shoe strings But since I use ta be.. doin' tha best at thangs That mean I gotta wear a vest that day I really think them niggas jealous... of tha sparkle in my necklace He ain't ready.. he ain't ready The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne  Album: Lights Out Song: Get Off the Corner Typed by: JBirch1966@aol.com * * send corrections to this typist The block is hot, the cops is swarmin a neighborhood heavy While niggas off in the neighborhood sellin, with penitentiary chances The dope roped up in the cup of their pants Fiends flock like ??? come get this candy I got heroin in bundles, them Highland O's Plus a cooked slab, chopped up, dimes is swoll If I spot the laws comin, hey its time to roll Candy Carter got a line of parole, Outta control The first fell a Tuesday this month oh sweet thang Plus it's a sweet day, me next score for three days One time they say what you mean, I gets the green Break up the block like Maurice Green, ya feel me? In my predicament I'm guilty until proven innocent Hustle ridiculous, I'm tryin to get this dope continuos Ball til I fall, one thing, I ain't tryin to fall Want everybody numb like ambasol But he heard [Chorus 1] Uh oh There go them fuckin po-po's And if you know like I know You better get off the corner I'm a young dog, wild and ecstatic, violent when passin hem gangstas doin time in a parishment, role models And keep ya cup, we drink whole bottles, and cuss at niggas Like fuck that nigga, I let my pump subtract niggas You beef with me I guarantee your mams be missin With a note behind demandin three chickens or she gets it Do not twist because lil man is trippin They could have ya body in three different places Ain't nothin gravy, but save it Cause I'm a ride and hit the nigga street Weezy go to war like Sadaam and Clinton disagree While I'm shitty from the weed Like were them bustas be I promise ya never fuckin sleep, I clear the set Come outside late at night to your surprise I'm here with Tecks Two shots knock off the niggas necks, it's so realistic So I hope ya get it, or else them shots poke ya fetti Be on the block until them souljas hit it That's when he heard.... [Chorus 2] Blocka Me come to tear your block up  If you don't want no problems You better get off the corner All right, I cook it, cut it, ship and move it I make a livin in this crooked public distributin Just take a peek around, the hood is floodin, shit is boomin The hottest D in town lookin for me hit me Tuesday, like after six See I crack the bricks right down to Z's Got pounds of trees, my blocks blazin qp's to ki's  Gangin in the cheese, them bricks is comin No droughts I don't sit on nothin I don't believe I'm frontin If I give you a dime, I leave with somethin The big dog, Nigga I got the city under siege And the law don't bother me, I give the pigs a couple of G's Shit, I hustle strong to push this work through the streets I'm tryin to deal with every nigga, and sell the birds up cheap I'm greedy, if there's any money bein made from drugs I need it Twenty bricks two weeks completed, you can't beat it Whatever you want, holla at me when you need to get it Does anybody else, I'll pay em a visit That's when ya heard.... [Chorus 3] Come here peeps I'm hearin that you run these streets You don't want beef Then get off the corner [Chorus 1,2,3,3 repeat 2x] Uh oh, you better get off the corner, skirt Blocka, you better get off the corner Come here, you better get off the corner Get off the corner, Get off the corner What, uh oh, get off the corner What, uh oh, you better off the corner What, uh oh, you better off the corner What, uh oh, you better off the corner Like dat, Get off the corner The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Lights Out Song: On the Grind Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne] Whaaat You can find me on the corner with stones, quarters and zones or dope and powder broke, and our sale's soap and flour And most of our customers come up to us daily Yet and still I cut this stuff crazy - a hustler, baby What can I give you? I distribute ki's to the kings and z's to the fiends, and ecstasy and weed to the teens You need to see Wheez - anything you like and I have 'em From crack to Viagra, and Vicadins valiums I'm the nigga they point to when you hit my av So get all your money together, come and get my slabs I get my cash, put some aside, and flip like half And still enough for me to TV and deep-dish my Nav' And you can tell the law that I say they can kiss my acid For the white people, when I get two bricks for ten, I know the right people And I keep a nine on my waistline And I'ma be right on the corner, wodie - I'm gonna grind (Hook [Lil Wayne]) I tell 'em, "Whaaat!!" You see me hustlin' on the block all the time Sittin' at the table, breakin' ki's down to dimes Sooner or later this neighborhood gon' be mine Nigga, I'm tryin' to grind I tell 'em, "Whaaat!!" You see me hustlin' on the block all the time Sittin' at the table, breakin' ki's down to dimes Sooner or later this neighborhood gon' be mine Nigga, I'm on the grind [Lil Wayne] Nigga, y'all gon' respect Wheezy, or else the tec squeezin' shots I have your chest steamin' hot, and your sis' screamin', "Stop!" I hang out on the block, nigga, with rocks and weed On the corner 'til the mornin', see the cops and flee And if we beef, we don't beef long 'cause we gon' creep all night So I hope you don't sleep all night - we on your street all night Say, aw aw, I don't want your boy to get me shoes 'cause I spit tools, and put him tissues in his shoes And the bricks move every followin' week So if you need to get it, too, then holla at me - got powder or d And I shower your streets until your av pass out More bricks than The Three Lil Pigs' last damn house Stack crack and lay back, and just laugh at droughts And issue work for half and just grab that south For real, nigga - Wheezy Whee tryin' to shine From daybreak to nightfall I'm gon' grind (Hook [Lil Wayne]) Tell 'em, "Whaaat!!" You see me hustlin' on the block all the time Sittin' at the table, breakin' ki's down to dimes Sooner or later this neighborhood gon' be mine Nigga, I'm on the grind I tell 'em, "Whaaat!!" You see me hustlin' on the block all the time Sittin' at the table, breakin' ki's down to dimes Sooner or later this neighborhood gon' be mine Nigga, I'm on the grind [Lil Wayne] Start from grams to ounces to quarters to halves to ki's Takes seconds to minutes to hours to days and to weeks Gotta grind, work, hustle, struggle, and get it Gotta buy, cook it, cut it, sell it, and flip it And I flight everyday and night from the corner to the avenue And I'll sleep next week, man, I got yay, dope, and crack to move Ask them dudes when Wheezy open shop, I ain't got a bag to lose Especially if I don't like who sent 'em to me and I'ma tax a dude Duck the Feds and drama like I duck my baby momma Sometimes I play it sour - what you thought was yay was flour I pull whatever for the cheddar - nigga gotta flash and floss Drought come around, then it's jack the cost or jack the boss Cock the gun, then I push rocks 'til I spot the sun All day I hung the block, I see the cops and run I'm tryin' to get rich 'cause I wan' shine You can find me on the block, nigga, all the time (Hook-4x [Lil Wayne]) I tell 'em, "Whaaat!!" You see me hustlin' on the block all the time Sittin' at the table, breakin' ki's down to dimes Sooner or later this neighborhood gon' be mine Nigga, I'm on the grind [Lil Wayne] Look, Whaaaaaa The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Hot Boys Album: Lights Out Song: Hit U Up Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Turk] Come on, come on Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on I roll with a bunch of untamed guerrillas, head bustas, and sharks Niggas that's 'bout beefin' - lettin' them K's spark Knockin'-it-off-your-shoulder soldiers - them real niggas Niggas who did time - hard-to-kill niggas How you live, you get it is the way a nigga play it Niggas ain't fightin' no more - niggas bustin' your head Sendin' you to your grave - it's do or die, cousin Aimin' straight for your head, makin' sure you die, cousin They dressin' in black, prepared for combat Ridin' four deep strapped with choppers and macks Not givin' a fuck, gettin' your cut, lettin' it bust You get hit, that's on you, my nigga - you're outta luck You're stuck like chuck - wodie, you're assed out That's what happen to ya tryin' to be hard, runnin' your mouth Get erased, my nigga (my nigga) Look here: I leave no trace, my nigga (my nigga) No witnesses so can you see my face, my nigga (my nigga) Fled the scene - so you have no case, my nigga- -case, my nigga Look here: you can play if you wanna get down Get your stupid ass left where you can't be found (Hook [B.G.]) We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) We done popped you up, chopped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) We done popped you up, chopped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Whaa?) We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up [Juvenile] I was wrong for a lot of shit that I'ma take to my grave Continuously whippin' niggas like a runaway slave Must was meant for me to be thuggin' - I stay in some beef Baby and Slim keep tellin' me, "Juvenile, stay off them streets." I can't help - I draw attention; they be fuckin' with me I'm hot in the ass and can't get enough of these streets A lil' nigga in the Rolls screamin', "Fuck the police!" Peelin' out in front the club, about to duck to the east Now play yourself, you gon' find yourself by yourself In a nice place ducked off with fucked up health I done been strucked and snuck, but never fucked and stuck My life is four hundred degrees, so I bust 'em up Still stickin' to the g-code, Ree's, and B's Quit drinkin', but I will smoke some weed indeed All they understand is my project English And if you don't like it, you can kiss my penis (Hook-4x [B.G.]) We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) [B.G.] I run the streets 'cause I'm real if it's daylight or dark You a killer, nigga? (Eah?) Ain't no fear in my heart I'll go toe to toe with ya or take ya to war I'll even go K for K with ya - now make your choice Better know when I'm in beef that I be creepin', nigga Better know that I'm a snake, and I'ma sneak ya, nigga Each time I hit the corner, I be leavin' niggas Momma upset - can't even go on and grievin', nigga Nothin' change - I'm on TV, I don't play with you niggas Still the same that'll spin broad day on you niggas And empty a hundred out that K Where you're caught hangin' is where you're left stankin', ya heard me I've been in the game - niggas know what I'm 'bout So many murders under my belt, I done lost count If you wanna be another number, my nigga Go ahead, drop your nuts, and run up, my nigga (Hook [B.G.]) We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) Now, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) Nigga, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) Now, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) And we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) Look, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Whaa?) Look, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) [Lil Wayne] Hello, world I zip through fast in a yellow pearl drop Porsche Boxter Young mobster, wild and obnoxious Pop some in your dreadlocks - What? Me not no rookie, boy Glock cookin', boy I'll turn your forehead to a pussy, boy Off the gate, cousin, you niggas gon' make me stalk and spray somethin' Spark or lace somethin' Park the car, get out, walk, and spray somethin' Taught to stay thuggin' brought up in this shit that we call America And in my hood the laws are scared of us - we are too terrible If I live to be old, it's a miracle 'cause the way a nigga hatin' or bitch plottin', the shit's hysterical  That's why I keep me two big guns on blast like a stereo Come to your burial and kill anybody else who care for you Don't blame me, society changed me You haul white, you smash powder all night for the fast dollar Cut off lights, we masked riders The hood trash got us in a position we can't shake With boys we can't break, and due to that you ain't safe, bitch (Hook [B.G.]) We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) Look, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up, nigga (Ooohh!) (Did you see that?) We hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) And we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) (Did you see that?) We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) Boy, look, We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) Look, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!) Look, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!) [B.G. (talking)] Nigga - we put holes in you bitch-ass niggas, ya heard me We don't barrow nothin', don't fear nothin' And ain't nothin' you can do 'bout these (Hot! Hot! Hot!) Boy$, nigga Let 'em burn, nigga Let 'em burn, nigga B.Geezy, Lil Wheezy, Juvy, Two Tymer The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Lights Out Song: Everything Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist (talking) I know, I know, Weezy Wee, this dedicated to my father  Rabbit nigga, y'all excuse the expressions What it be like up there baby boy, ay this here ya son hollerin at ya I miss the shit out ya, it's hard to be without ya But I know you watchin, peepin down on how I'm livin Ay, tell Jesus I said thanks for the blessings he sendin Please ask him to forgive me for the sins I commit  Just let him know I'm still young and at risk Say, I'll never forget the time that you caught me smokin herb in the house I was dead wrong, I deserved to get out But you just talked it over with my mom and got it situated in due time Told me get the paper instead of high So now I take that advice and shed light over my whole life dog I wanted to be just like you my whole life dog I can't believe them niggas stole ya, that shit's pain to me But don't trip, I hold you down, you still remain through me And dog I know I can't see you but I bet that you smilin And I'm a make you even happier, I promise (Chorus) 2x I know you can't be close to my nigga, I know But I know you watchin over me nigga, I know But the shit's steady hurtin, burn deep But it's alright dog, everything gon' be alright dog I know you see my daughter growin up and bad as ever But she cool 'cause she do whatever daddy tell her And your wife, she's still the most wonderful woman I just built her a new house, she ain't runnin from nothin B and Slim, them niggas still love me like they own child Ms. Rose nerves get bad, but still she gon' smile And me I'm on some squad shit and some debate it But I know they love it way more than they hate it And I know you probably laughin at the way I treat these hoes and these  bitches I try love 'em, my BM be trippin But Rabbit, you know one thing, I got the game from you, every perspective That's why I keep the gun at close connection for protection And you see I left school behind and chose CMB It was impossible on the road every week, but I know enough And I follow by everything you ever told me, think wisely Watch over me my nigga, just guide me (Chorus) I swear to you man, at some times I really wish I was with you 'Cause I get fed up with this life and I miss you Somebody pass me a tissue, and let me wipe the tears from my eyes Yeah, nigga I cried, it's 'cause I loved you dog I promise I won't ever put nothin above you dog So I live my life in dedication of you dog I know you see me happy on the outside and hurt within Make me wanna grab that gun and burst again But I know they got a reason why I'm here And I know they got a reason why you gone And therefore, I'm succeedin on my own But you ain't never left me, nigga, you still dwell in my heart I can't forget you kept it real from the start And until my last breath I exhale, I'm a keep you with me And when we do meet again, I'm a keep you with me And tell them niggas Pac, B.I.G. and Pun I said "thay's my peoples" Watch over me nigga 'til I see you (Chorus) 1 1/2x (Wayne talking) I know I can't be close to you (dog) I know you watching over me dog But the shit's that it hurt and burn deep Its alright dog, everything gon' be alright dog Rabbit, nigga, its your son I'm down in your hole and your down You see Cita straight, mom straight Your mom straight, I mean everything going right B and Slim nigga, is the realist niggas I ever met dog And plus now I'm on some squad shit My niggas, they keep it real with me I keep it real with them My little girl growning beutiful as ever man You need to see her dog, she bad though man Anyway dog, aiight holla! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Lights Out Song: Fuck Wit Me Now Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne] Let's go - let's go Let's go - let's go They can't fuck with me now Huh? Fuck with me now No, they can't fuck with me now Can't fuck with me now Let's go [VERSE 1 - Lil Wayne] I go by "Wheezy: the Don" Magnificent nigga, lot of ice around my neck, and freezin' the arm And if a nigga decide to test, their chest get completely took off And if you wonder who the fuck (?) (?) we so sip It's like ain't nothin' but we gotta squab On the block everyday sellin' rocks and shit Choppin' bricks - give the damn cops a dick We cop a whip and drop a brick - that's how we do it Weed, liquor, money, and guns how we do it Freak bitch to swallow cum like fluid Who it be? Through his feet, Dubbs Ain't nothin' sweet 'cause I can't keep trust Lil' nigga - worth well over a mill, nigga Real nigga - come around and show up where you live, nigga Pullin' out the K's, nigga - (??) and all Wayne 'bout to damage your home Nigga 'bout to go to see the man in the stars Hoppin' out the van with bandanas and all Cannons went off News cameras takin' pictures of your family when your avenue's gone Damn, it's a shame how the bullets slammed in your brain How the ice slammed the pain, rammin' your dame That's because she ran into the game Nigga, stop playin' with Lil Wayne Come on! (Hook [Lil Wayne]) It ain't a game, nigga - I don't know who told you it was I put holes in your mug if you're holdin' a grudge Try to take 'em when you get the gun and load and the slug check ya low when I bust Come to show you no love Uh, fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now No! They can't fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now Stop playin' when ya get it understood 'Cause I know if you know what's good for ya Come around your hood for ya You don't know me - I kill everyone who show love You have them motherfuckers lookin' all up in the woods for ya [VERSE 2 - Lil Wayne] Iceberg shorty dammit, pants is saggin', forty magnum Comin' out the club on Bacardi's, staggerin' Ten in the Ferrari wagon, braggin' Ohh, what's happenin'? (??) 'round the court 'cause some ex just looked at me Runnin' with them cats that be clappin' the plastic Nigga put a cap in your asses Catch me on the av with the crack and a 'matic Hopin' that the law don't pass me - stash it First of the month, just snatched me a package Bag it - 'bout to get this motherfucker crackin' If a nigga think about jackin', please believe I be clip-slappin', click-clackin' Pull the bitch back and run up on his parents Kidnap for his snacks, and then whack him Shit get drastic That's why I try to stay as fars away from beef as I could Grab me a freak to ease on my wood Transport coke from each of my hoods Wheezy Whee - CMB's in my blood In the streets seventeen's where I'm from And I ain't got no feelins for none of these womens Really, though, fetticheese is my love You know the streets made me And I don't give a damn if you hate me Nigga better be S-Q-A-D Until the bigger man do take me Squad shit! You don't want no violence to keep the quiet We call my people wild, and then we beef in quiet or we'll creep in houses, we'll sweep your momma So, please stay out it, or you leave in silence Come on! What! (Hook [Lil Wayne]) It ain't a game, nigga - I don't know who told you it was I put holes in your mug if you're holdin' a grudge Try to take 'em when you get the gun and load and the slug check ya low when I bust Come to show you no love Uh, fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now Uh, they can't fuck with me now, them can't fuck with me now Stop playin' when ya get it understood 'Cause I know if you know what's good for ya Come around your hood for ya You don't know me - I kill everyone who show love You have them motherfuckers lookin' all up in the woods for ya Uh, fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now Uh, they can't fuck with me now - them can't fuck with me now Come on! [VERSE 3 - Lil Wayne] It's too dark for ya's I ain't got no love for ya's Let gunshots smoked ya's Who fuck with us? Weed, liquor done corrupted us Wet a nigga like umbrellas Take the woman out a man; stomach out a man Pump and bust, the guts comin' out a man Runnin' out the Hummer with guns in each palm If the motherfucker sleep, call him come get it Niggas be kiddin' - me awake, deal away gun-spray - bullets damn near took off your son face Oh, shit - niggas on that whole shit Fours spit so quick like that lil' nigga ain't got no sense Slow this shit down - let me get back down to reality: I cause fatalities for any technicality Wipe off your family randomly - ya understand? It ain't no motherfuckin' game, and I ain't fuckin' playin' Come on! (Hook [Lil Wayne]) It ain't a game, nigga - I don't know who told you it was I put holes in your mug if you're holdin' a grudge Try to take 'em when you get the gun and load and the slug check ya low when I bust Come to show you no love Ah, fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now Uh, they can't fuck with me now - them can't fuck with me now Stop playin' when ya get it understood 'Cause I know if you know what's good for ya Come around your hood for ya You don't know me - I kill everyone who show love You have them motherfuckers lookin' all up in the woods for ya Ah, fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now Them can't fuck with me now - ah, they can't fuck with me now Look- It ain't a game, nigga - I don't know who told you it was I put holes in your mug if you're holdin' a grudge Try to take 'em when you get the gun and load and the slug check ya low when I bust Come to show you no love Ah, fuck with me now - them can't fuck with me now They can't fuck with me now - them can't fuck with me now Stop playin' when ya get it understood 'Cause I know if you know what's good for ya Come around your hood for ya You don't know me - I kill everyone who show love You have them motherfuckers lookin' all up in the woods for ya Ah, fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now Them can't fuck with me now - no, they can't fuck with me now [Lil Wayne] Can't fuck with me now - it's not a game, nigga Can't fuck with me now - it's not a game, nigga Wha, wha, uh, uh, nigga! Wheezy Whee!!! (Whee! Whee! Whee!) Watch out! (Watch out!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Big Tymers Album: Lights Out Song: Lil' One Typed by: Uptownkilla181@aol.com [Lil' Wayne - talking] Fuck, man I been on this block all day (say, say, say, say, say) Hot man, get off my shirt, hot man (Oh whatchu got?) Ohhh who that? Boy that look like Baby, that ain't (that's dubs?) That ain't Baby (that's dubs?) That ain't - that is that nigga man (lets go) [Baby]	Say Lil' One [Wayne]	What, what's happening with you big dog? [Baby]	Look I need to talk about some serious shit dog [Wayne]	Like what? Look I ain't have nothing to do with  	killing them... [Baby]	Slow down, I'm talking bout some getting money shit 	and how its gonna go down [Wayne]	Well holla at me nigga, talk to me, let me know	something 	cause right now I'm tired of hustling 	and these rocks ain't doing nothing 	and to tell you	the truth I feel like I be out here for the fun of it 	I swear if I don't hit a lick by next month, I'm done with it [Baby]	Understand, but you ain't listening you just talking 	I said I could get you paid, is you with that offer? 	I know you see me coming through everyday pimpin 	In a Benz, the Jag, and a Ferrari [Wayne]	Yeah, but I like that Bentley [Baby]	All thats cool shorty, you can get this if you with me 	Let me run it down to you bout this shit that I've been getting in [Wayne]	I mean, I'm saying, it sound good, I like that [Baby]	What thats a blunt? [Wayne]	Yeah [Baby]	Light that, nigga I'll be right back [Wayne]	Aight cat, just don't be playing, this worth my while? [Baby]	Lil' daddy I play with hoes, is you a hoe? [Wayne]	Nah [Baby]	Say I got work, I need to flood it all over 	I can't do it all myself, so I need me a lil' solider 	I been peeping ya lil' ass, I see you grinding and shit [Wayne]	I been peeping you too, nigga I see you shining and shit 	And you don't even know how long I been trying to find me a brick 	To make it flip and take the chips and go an buy me a whip [Baby]	Fuck a whip, that could wait 	You worry bout your cake 	Once you make enough to play, go buy a Z-28 [Wayne]	A Z-28, boy go head, once I get change  	I'ma go an cop me a Ranger and two platinum chains [Baby]	Well look I ain't fucking with you 	You too young from the start [Wayne]	Man that ain't even got anything to do with it 	Its dedication and heart [Baby]	Dedication and smarts 	Don't put your heart in this game 	Cause when you fall to deep in love you get caught in this game [Wayne]	Well correct me when I'm wrong  	And acknowlegde me when I'm right [Baby]	Lil' bitch, if your hard head ass listen I might [Wayne]	B, I'm all ears [Baby]	Get your ass in this car [Wayne]	Unlock the door [Baby]	Its unlocked [Wayne]	Don't holla at me 	You ain't my pa [Baby]	Now stop playing, look I got a hundred bricks just came 	fifty ki's of raw dope, and fifty bricks of cocaine 	Pays five a piece [Wayne]	Every week? [Baby]	Just move it together 	I'ma knock off my lil' section 	You take care of your area [Wayne]	Ughhh, nigga I been waiting to be the Don 'round here 	I'ma have Coke and Dope  	It's gone be on 'round here 	But how you want me to sell this 	Zones, Quarters, Halfs, Ki's? [Baby]	However they ask for it, just give it to them Lil' Wheez [Wayne]	I'm all for it cousin 	I'ma get me a million 	If power get between it I'ma split me a nigga [Baby]	You better, but when I get you this shit nigga 	Let them have it 	I bet you be on the block, working - directing traffic [Wayne]	Like you park here, you park there, you meet me in the cuts  [Baby]	Say Lil' One [Wayne]	What's up? [Baby]	We gonna fuck it up [Wayne]	Nigga what? Nigga what? Haha {*Car sounds in background as you hear Lil' Wayne   whispering something you can't understand*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Big Tymers, Unplugged Album: Lights Out  Song: Break Me Off Typed by: rgentz01@gw.hamline.edu [Lil Wayne] We had them bitches that they feel like it was some drug Its Weezy Wee, Mannie Fresh, and Unplugged We had them bitches that they feel like it was some drug Weezy, Fresh, and Unplugged [Lil Wayne] Give me a big fine bitch in a dress, one who put them lips in effect Suck the dick until the shit in her chest You can piss on her breast, I like that shit Project hoes like that dick, don't bite that dick Give me a Spanish big and sweet ho, black from Puerto Rico Freak ho, specializin in givin me deep throat Really don't care how (?) shorty Give me head, don't care, swallow cum, don't spit Aww shit, I like them Jamicians and them Hatians Niggaz can't take it when they shake an make me rape 'em White girls I video tape 'em and they enjoy it They love it when everybody saw it, it's off the chain High yellow Mexican bitches they all for brains But watch them hoes that want the change, it's not a game Or a short cuban hoe, with a fat ass though Bet I'll treat the bitch just like Fidel Castro [Chorus: UnPlugged] Tell me what you like, let me tell you what I like If you go on and break me off by the end of the night,  you can ride with me Cause I like ya Simmon's jeans, ain't tryin to make a love scene Truly I just want you to break me off [Lil Wayne] Listen, listen, it's Weezy the hottest, drinkin Barcadis I stream through the scene in a Lincoln on Robbers Lookin for the finest dime to wine and dine Later on I'm tryin to climb behind ya spine Hold up lil mama, slow ya ass down Pick ya up, dick up in ya, throw ya ass down Now throw ya ass around, and scream me name  I can't hear you say it louder what (Wayne, Wayne) A damn shame, better watch that boy he nasty I strap on de plastic, make ya bounce like elastic Put the pickle in the middle, make it wiggle for y'all Might be small, but that dick ain't little at all I like a short thick broad, fat ass and shit Like sassy, flip like Trina, "Da Baddest Bitch" Matter of fact when I see her, +Pull+ her +Over+ like a cop Juvey coulda "Backed It Up" and I'da "Dropped it Like It's Hot" Ya heard me?! (What, haha) Haha, Unplugged [Mannie Fresh] I like them big and round, pretty and brown A bitch that take it from the back and make the (Ugh Ugh) sound Now you can bounce slide drop, giddy up, giddy up Now you can ride til you feel it get a nut, get a nut Shake for ya hood, bounce for ya baby daddy Twerk for that nigga got you pregnant in the Caddy Slide with the KY, hold up, pause My bitch got thongs, yo' bitch got drawers My chick like to swallow, yo' chick like to spit If yo' chick was my chick I'd still love that bitch Hold up, wait a minute, chill out, stop My ginseng, viagra, and a strawberry pop See I'm gettin kinda bold, won't ya bring a friend From vagina to the asshole do it again I want a yucky down misses bout delta Yo mama loved a Tymer but now you welcome You ok lil mama and I love that chick But deep down inside I just love my dick [Chorus] - 4X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Lights Out Song: Wish You Would Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne] Look look look - don't play with me Look look look Huh? Huh? Look Let's get the pistols out the trunk, let's get ready to bust things Leave a nigga block full of nothin' but guts, brains Ain't no way, nowhere that these niggas could duck flames My guns up for and tellin' all to suck Wayne I'm runnin' with a clique that just be thuggin' heavy Plus I'm runnin' in them bricks, cook it, cut it, sell it One time for my daddy, Rabbit, up in Heaven Ever since my nigga died I've been strapped up and ready Come and get it - it's Wheezy Whee, the hottest ever Now this fella gon' get bullets inside his sweater I'm just terror, or better yet, horror or drama And tomorrow I'ma hit the block and barrow your momma Beef with me, you're swimmin' in water with sharks and piranhas Revolvers and choppers got all your partners callin' the coppers And for the grand finale, I might pull up in a tan Denali When I hop out, in my hand is a Calico sprayin' your family (Hook [Lil Wayne]) Don't play with me - I wish you would I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood You bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun I pop my gun Better hide and run Niggas bet' not play with me cause I wish you would I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun And I pop my gun Better hide and run [Lil Wayne] What is this that done got me in your district? Twist it Now everybody got dots on they heads like Egyptians I'm tipsy - I've been sippin' on that Hennessy, people Then it get deeper, I start shootin' up innocent people Seventeen creeper is who I - what I - be, dog The clip slide in the four-five, then it blow five In heat, dog? It's your life or me, dog On four tires, or feet, dog I still be on the block sweepin' Nobody is not sleepin' Got me in all black with a gun in a palm Run in his home, start shootin', hit his son in the dome Dummy, it's on - ain't gon' be no relaxin' and stuff cause when I come through mashin' the truck, I'm blastin' a pump and passin' a blunt - me circle once to see if he dead Gotta be sure cause niggas promised me a ki if he dead But, dog, you get it raw if you are with the kid I'll push your baby momma car off the bridge Huh?! (Hook [Lil Wayne]) Bet' not play with me cause I wish you would I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun Then I pop my gun Better hide and run Niggas bet' not play with me cause I wish you would I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun Then I pop my gun Better hide and run [Lil Wayne] You might catch me with bandanas and strapped T On the back street of your block in the back seat I'ma cap three at the first coward I up and see I'ma bust the piece and knock his body a couple of feet When I rush your front door, you get a few to your stomach Hope they dress you up nice because your funeral Sunday Nigga shouldn't've played tough - wouldn't've got his head bust Now your whole livin' room is full of pink and red stuff Now you're gatted up, full of that vodka and weed added up Fresh platted up, your T-shirt all tatted up Crack in the tongue of my kicks Plus I got a gun on my hip, and I'm runnin' the strip I know you see me: Little Wheezy killaholeezy A hundred rounds from the chopper leave 'em real sleepy You know how we be smellin' weedy up in our clothes Cutthroatin', connivin' killers, but that's all I know Huh? Huh? Huh? (Hook [Lil Wayne]) Bet' not play with me cause I wish you would I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood Nigga, bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun Then I pop my gun Better hide and run Niggas bet' not play with me - boy, I wish you would I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun Then I pop my gun Better hide and run Niggas bet' not play with me cause I wish you would I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun Then I pop my gun Better hide and run Niggas bet' not play with me - boy, I wish you would I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun Then I pop my gun Better hide and run Niggas bet' not play with me Look, uh-huh (uh-huh uh-huh) Look look look Look look look Whoa The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne  Album: Lights Off  Song: Grown Man  Typed by: Bballinthug10@aol.com Dawg you gotta feel me on this one  What it be like dawg, I'm on some some adope grown up type shit  Look who I be around nigga, look who I been around nigga  Geezy, Juve and Turk, B and Slim dawg pay attention dawg  [Verse 1] Age is nothin but some digits nigga trust me on this  Cas I think I speak for every one when I say life is a bitch  I ride D L into the C L Gun right in my grip  I slip a clip in every rip , cas hatas likely to trip  Come home to my future wife and every nite she'll flip  She end up catchin rights to her lips behind diapers and shit  But I like when we split drink henney without ice when I'm pissed  Go to the club and start a fight thinkin I'm Tyson and shit  But I'm a man so I'm here to handle my situtions correctly  And i noI might be dumb but niggas gone definantly respect me  But in the mean partner I'm fightin gun charges in court  And in a couple of weeks our next tour about to start  Its like i'm livin happy now  except for the fact my daughter sayin I love you daddy now  And that kinda juice me up and I smoke about 3 blunts  and puff a cooler bust me up  And say a prayer for everyday  just so I get through the stuff but I be like  (Chorus) - 2x  Ahhhh man, it's complicated doin everythang on your own man being responsible for everybody and yo own man  and when u feel like everythang is goin wrong man I'm gone stand cause I am a GROWN MAN  [Verse 2] I try to keep my head up, but I die to keep my bread up  And usually I'm fed up thinkin everythang's a set up  But I get up this stick out my chest and clutch on my nuts  And i get hit up with all kinda stress  And put up wit the stuff trust me it's tough  But I mantain to climb through it all And I still manage to be Lil Wayne therefore I shine and I ball  And dawg I live for today and hope and pray that there's a tomorrow  And I borrow confidence from out my heart when thangs get awfall  And I'm walkin on the edge stuck without a solution  and someway I still pick it out and shuffle to conclusion  And I don't need nobody so keep yo advice and jus dom it  Cas ya'll cats don't really no me ya'll jus no bout me  So if my dawgs be on my side they keep me combile with spirit  And plus I know my fathers watchin and my mother's the dearest  And I ain't neva said they don't appreciate what I do  But jus know if I wasn't a man I wouldn't make it through  (Chorus) - 2x  [Verse 3] Who would have known that this was somthin that didn't turn out so hectic  But I chose my own life so I gradually accept it I'm influenced and effected by the way it became  And I don't play with them at all so I don't say its a game  And even though I grew up hard and I have gracefully change  I'm always street so I'll forever be facin a change  And I'll keep this thang brutained on the waist of my pants  And I demand respect from all if not then I'm waisten a man  And if I want it then I get and if I need it I have it  Take care of my family first plus the liquor and weed is a habit  And I'm so often I'm congratulated for the succeced at last  But when they turn they back I just have Jesus leadin my path  And I didn't ask for you to like me I don't care if you hate me  But don't mistake me no otha man can neva make me or break me  Now you faithfully inspired by the hood tell I'm gone  And I dawg I do believe I'm grown  so I'll be good on my own but I be like  (Chorus) fading.......Believe Dat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Hot Boys, Mannie Fresh Album: Lights Out Song: Shine Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com [Wayne] What, wha, wha, wha, wha What, wha, wha, wha, wha Cash Mo-ney Millionaires So take it there [Juvenile] Yellow Viper, yellow Hummer, Yellow Benz Yellow PT Cruiser, yellow 'Lac on rims Drop yellow 'Vette and a platinum Rolls Royce That's seven different cars, everyday I got a choice On my way to pick up Joyce, she be makin me moist Givin me head while she hummin, she can play with her voice And she got nice thighs, a big plump ass She could ride a dick too, make me cum fast I like them modelin bitches, I love them swallowin bitches Where them hoes headed at, I'm 'bout to follow them bitches (let's go) I know you with your folks, but that nigga is broke You might as well open your legs up and let a nigga poke I'm a show you what it is not to be a window shopper Mama you can have Fendi, mama you can have Prada All you gotta do is break a nigga off proper You could be with your man, I ain't tryna stop ya [Chorus: Mannie Fresh] (Shine) - From my head down to my shoes (Shine) - Skiiiiirtin on twenty-two's (Shine) - Check my baby mamma (Shine) - Whip Rovers, not Hondas (Shine) - I'ma spend it 'til it's gone (Shine) - Don't know when I'm comin home (Shine) - Pop X and drank Cris' (Shine) - My life is the shit [Lil Wayne] And the name be fire Wayne, ice and change You can catch me in an aqua range, squattin things With them twenty-two inch chopper blades Diamond face, diamond brace More colors than the game Simon Says Go, 'hind me And mami on forty-fifth she told me "I'm a lez" And she ain't like too much of dick  but give the bombest head, and so I took it anyway But bitch I got family, don't need your pussy anyway OK, let's talk about this ice that I'm carryin All these karats like I'm a fuckin vegetarian Niggas play, I bury them, y'all already knowin I threw up my arm and bitches thought it started snowin See I'm a keep it goin, Big Tymin, you heard's me? Dog I got cake like everyday my birthday Wait, don't think they heard me I say dog I got cake like everyday my birthday [B.G.] I'ma Hot Boy, that's name brand and top of the line Ride fly daily, all year 'round I shine Ain't a nigga and they mama gonna stop me dog Come through on dub-dueces, they jock me dog Glock cocked for haters tryna block me dog Catch 'em so low, they geezy, don't shock me dog Well get the fuck, slide on out the way And let B.G. ease down the shinin linen Let the diamonds and the jewelry light shit up Each piece of jewelry I own, I ice it up You don't wanna put your vehicle next to us 'Cause all of our vehicles, we dress 'em up With television, Dreamcast, DVDs Nice sounds, buttons, it's twenties I'm a Cash Money Hot Big Tymer nigga That'll hold a pinky finger up and blind ya nigga [Turk] I'm a stunt 'til I die, so you better respect it Cause whoever try testin is gonna be restin I'm a young millionaire, Hot Boy, Lil' Turk Bling blingin everyday, plus I got work (bling) Nigga like me stay in the cut twenty-four/seven Steady stackin my ends on dubs, twenty-four/seven Every car you wish you had, we got it, we got it Bentleys, Hummers and Jags, big bodies, big bodies Love to floss, no secret stun'ner's Niggas steady baller block, can't take nothin from us Young nigga, livin a life surrounded by ice Hoes be like, "Damn, them boys, they're nothin nice" They on fire, that must be them Hot Boys You motherfuckin right, you think this not girl? Better think twice, get it right dog Know you recognize, we got it on lock for all [Chorus] - 2x [Mannie Fresh] Uhh, uhh, uhh Huh uh (oh shit) 2001 - my life is the shit, know why? (Lemme see that) {*Fresh sings a couple of vocables*} I'm representing, I'ma spit it (bling) As long as they make that shit - I'ma break that shit Ya heard me? It's like that; believe that This year; fuck it - I said it befo' and I meant it I'm buyin me a city New Mannie, Louisiana - ya biaaatch yooou, ooohh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Lights Out Song: Jump Jiggy Typed by: ice_man504@yahoo.com We gone make 'em: [Chorus 2x] Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump, Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump, Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive (Verse 1) I tell 'em no lie I blow by wit the Bentleys wit the O eyes I low-ride, cuz these 20 inch rims just make it so hot You know I, been had Twinkie, look at the pinky And the link be all the way down to the nuts, diamonds twinklin' They think you need to stop they say it's not called for It's such a small car for it cost more than a ballpark See my life is high priced, a lot a room a lot a bling My ice is like Andrew Dice "Ba-Da-Boom, Ba-Da-Bing" I'm tryin' to see flying in a Lamborghini  Wit your girl right beside me in a tan bikini  Cut the music down and tell her, "hey ya man's a weenie" Plus I'm hot and got more iceberg than damn Bananeeie And I'm just a teenager and I make this dough Pull out my bankcard and Bill Gates feel broke And I keep it on a hush but I'm richer than normal And a frost bit wrist, have me sniffin and coughin [Chorus 2x] Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump, Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump, Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive (Verse 2) You know, pistol on my side fully loaded I drive slowly, wit televisions watching Kobe Pull over by some broad; make her hop right in a blow me And suck a nigga drive, then its, "slut get out my ride"  Have you heard about, shorty be Iceberged out Got them birds real affordable, so get the word out And you still can see the grill wit the lights burn out Nothin' lil' about the wheels on my bright orange drop I'm thuggin and pimped out, flossin and glissed out Sit my arm in warm water, I'm thawin my wrist out Got quarters in this house, ki's in that van, Got ounces in her ride, and G's in that bag Shhh, You hear that, here come Weezy on his way in a platinum leer jet We gamblin' nigga bet, bet nigga disrespect and he get dampled and wet Whole goddamn family get trampled wit that I make 'em: [Chorus 2x] Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive Alright I bounce for the 17 and jump for the Grover Just put TV's and bump in the Rover Slump the bitch over, cum on her shoulder Bet I make the slut eat it up like yogurt Wrists is ferocious, dick just bogus Fuck a hoe watch she come back like a chorus Life on Ann Deloris met her in a ??? She like to snort coke, you should see the size of her nose is We really the ones controllin', no choices And we got Guns and Roses, Rolls Royces Beefin' ain't fake, not to mention  all our rides are dubbed like blank tapes I really think my jewelry and lights have somethin' in common  Cuz everytime you put them bitches on they start shinin' The shit is mind blowin' As a matter of fact I got a bitch that's mind blowin' She give my head a blow job, I guess she's mind blowin' [Chorus 3 1/2x] Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Lights Out Song: Realized Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne] What?! What?!! Look Okay, let's cut the crap I'm straight gangsta - forget the rap I only stick with that 'cause my ma don't wan' see me flip the crack And I'm quick to click and spit the gat I be dipped in black Sip the Coke mixed with Jack - Calico, clip to match Like: where them cats who trippin' at? - Point niggas out 'cause right now I'm full of that spinach that'll knock Lennox out The Mack-10 is out, as well as the gauge and the pump You turn the page on the newspaper, see my face in the front I lock it down for all my niggas that still caged in the dump So if I come, nigga, just save me a blade and a pump I'm raised in the slum where the bad grow Unlike no other, I'm real (??) like bag 'Bauds I stash O's in the drawers of my trash hoes I flash dough at the laws when they pass slow I mash low in a stolen hot RAV-4 The Macks blow bullet holes for my cash flow Is that so? (Hook [Lil Wayne]) I don't think you realize what's happenin', dog That lil' boy's 'bout to come 'round here blastin' at y'all If you don't get the hell when he swervin' by That's your issue - God bless ya - you deserve to die [Lil Wayne] Look, Which one of these niggas playin' with me? I'ma strap up and slam his parent's street When I blast, bullets spit faster than MC Hammer beats I be damned if he get a chance to sleep I clamp the magazine in my gun and cut his family tree I flash the piece at your lil' woman and make her dance for me Then jam the freak with a broom - blood leak from her panty crease There has to be some explanation for this insanity Yeah, y'all niggas faker than that boy (fill in the blank) Now give me the dank Niggas claim they want war when I suggest you live in a tank What's your kid gonna think? Come home and find your wig in the sink I dig in the bank, and pull out eighty, then cruise to Haiti For fifty G's I get ten ki's and straight out weight it I lock my area down - you can ask these boys They know Wheezy got more white than the Backstreet Boys Never catch me (??) without them plastic toys It get drastic, boy Niggas that's askin' for it Wheezy, nigga It's Wheezy, nigga Who? Wheezy, nigga It's Wheezy, nigga (Hook [Lil Wayne]) I don't think you realize what's happenin', dog That lil' boy's 'bout to come 'round here blastin' at y'all And if you don't get the hell when he swervin' by That's your issue - God bless ya - you deserve to die [Lil Wayne] I hope y'all niggas understand that I ain't playin' or jokin' Bust shots, make you think the Grand Canyon open Leave a busta bandana smokin' from hot hollows Me and my niggas flip your coke, then cop hot hoes Two pistols, desperado gun busta Pump one under your chest and knock a lung from ya Hung under them killers and duck the pigs And all of our diamonds shine, and our trucks are big And, nigga, I don't really care if I don't sell a million quick 'cause right now I'll quit and go and sell a million bricks I sticks to what I love, and that's the street And stay away from what I hate, and that's police And I keep a trigga somewhere on me to start blowin' And leave a nigga somewhere lonely with his heart showin' When we all knowin' that Wheezy have never been fake The metal will spray and let the bullets tear up your face Who is Wheezy, nigga? Who is Wheezy, nigga? Wheezy, nigga Lil Wheezy, nigga (Hook-2x [Lil Wayne]) [Lil Wayne] Say, I don't think you realize what's happenin', dog That lil' boy's 'bout to come 'round here blastin' at y'all  [Lil Wayne (talking)] It's Wheezy, nigga - Lil Wheezy, nigga Don't tangle it, nigga It's time to step down, ya heards me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Lights Out Song: Tha Blues Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne] Come on, come on Come on, come on, come on, come on Ain't nothin' nice or sweet (Huh?) They don't even much understand this (Uh-uh) Look- Now when I crawl up out the Rove' I got quarters and O's Forty-fours under my clothes, I'm drunk and blowed And I done told them boys if they play I dump their mothers Now they findin' niggas everyday slumped in gutters I come through on the block strapped, bumpin' Bubba for the summer in a bright orange pumpkin Hummer Stumblin from the Courvoisier, and lots of hay And make me run in your place and take your pops away See, they got niggas in my hood who can't cop the yay So I can get it understood and have you chopped today And not to say I could even hit your block and spray And try to knock all the bone structure out your face Stick a potato on the head of my nine, it's deadly quiet Leave a nigga redder than swine, you damn pig The plan is to take everything and kill 'em all Young or old, nigga, big or small Ain't nothin' nice (Hook [Lil Wayne]) Ain't nothin' nice around here, stupid Keep playin', you won't see next year, stupid And in the van there's a box in the back full of plenty of tools And when you see me on the block, I come to give 'em the blues [Lil Wayne] Look- Now we all do dumb things Playin' with Wayne doesn't have to be one of 'em I'll murder his father right in front of him None of 'em are ready for the trouble I'm 'bout Pull up in a bubble, hop out, then let a couple pop out I got two double Desert Eagles, bustin' at your peoples Cussin' at polices, and roughin' up your nieces See me just off the meters  Don't leave without the heaters Believe this, my nina's got more shelves than Adidas You see the slick jackin', believe it's glocks and millimeters Run up on your family and pop your senioritas A lot of Hennessy, just twist that lil' baby Damn, them hollow tips just missed that lil' baby This is definitely, step to me, get a hysterectomy Technically I'll murder anyone who disrespectin' me Seventeen Carollton, mess with me, I bury one Three-eighty, I carry one Come to kill up everyone What! (Hook [Lil Wayne]) [Lil Wayne] Everybody freeze and drop when Lil Wheezy cock And niggas be like Q-Tip 'cause they breath and stop Believe or not, the ki's ten G's a wat Until I die apple and Eagle that be's the block And he's so hot that four hundred degrees the spot And weed and vodk' got me wanna beat a cop I grease the glock, the scope with the beam and dot And I'm hangin' out the Beamer top releasin' shots Follow me, everybody in the family die sourly Niggas drop hourly ruinin' your economy Liquor power me, now there's nothin' that can bother me Creep up in your window while you're sleepin', take your child with me I'm wild, and Wheezy more violent than Dennis Rodman Slide up in a blue truck and shoot-up a whole lot of men A lot of heat, a lot of fire, a blazer like Stoudamire Ride around your neighborhood and you wake up with bodies by your house (Hook [Lil Wayne]) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/Big Tymers Album: Lights Out Song: Let's Go Typed by: Mike82122@aol.com It's gravy nigga. Believe it.  You hot? Fuck it. Hot as a firecracker.  (It's gravy too.) I got a mac in this bag.  (click clock) What you got? Glock. (Look) [Baby] Nigga I'ma tell ya straight off the bat I got a mac in this bag with 20 grams of crack And I'ma sit in the back seat of yo' 'Lac Just in case I gotta snap, a firette to the chest If I don't know shit, I know cars and broads I done ordered plenty hits and watched heads come off And I done saw my nigga get life behind them bars To them dog hoes, nigga, we scream "fuck 'em all!" I hustle hard in these city streets I got my block on fire with my HB's Spinnin' Benz in these drop tops double r Cook a brick, flip 'em up, now I got 'em hard And you can find me  Right up in them hallways, holdin' and totin' Got the whole motherfuckin block loaded and smokin' Nigga know one thang: its some uptown shit If a nigga get it fucked, then we killin' a bitch Nigga I'ma tell ya this, straight off the bat I got a mac in this bag, with 20 grams of crack Well let's go nigga, see we can slide nigga Cuz if you hot, then I'm hot, let's ride nigga Look, I'ma tell you this, straight off the top I got a blunt, and a glock, and a bag of rocks Let's go nigga, let's slide nigga If you hot, then I'm hot, let's ride nigga [Lil Wayne] Better pay attention now so you don't forget later I run the damn block, I oversee all of the paper Don't make me take ya, play ya I cock the glock and spray ya Call it a caper, won't be no as-salama-laka And J, he got the gauges, they cocked and ready Make me run up in ya places and pop ya daddy Got them bricks rocked and heavy, let it be known I cook it hard and cut 'em in zones and the money be gone Then I hit a blunt to the dome, and ride when night falls Supply the white raw, if there's a problem, knock ya wife off Lock the spot down Respect it young nigga, I'm creepin' over Now cut it with just a little bakin' soda, breakin' boulders I take it out my holster and bakin' soldiers whenever Nigga it's whatever, tell ya ma to call the reverend You see me on the block with crack, gats, and weed Rats, plats, and ki's, that's practically me Chorus [Lil Wayne] See I'm a hustler, cut-throat, put rhymes in mom's muffler You can't even count how many times the 9's bust at ya Some of the, niggas that you run with are, suckas bruh None of ya, won't leave, without some bullets up in ya Niggas can't hold me down, wodie wild Cuz all that they can hear is loud screamin' and explosive sounds They show me how to cook that brown and rock that white No school, put that book back down, pick up that knife See that's the real reason I hate to be on tour I'd rather be back on the block with a bird of that pure Niggas got it all wrong, thinkin' I'm all song But yall gon' twist it and end up all gone Dog-gone cocksuckers, you not thuggers I pop dozens of glocks, cousins, in my struggle So stop frontin', it ain't gon' get ya everywhere I'ma start bustin', and bullets hit ya everywhere Chorus x 2 [Baby talks till end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne  Album: Lights Out  Song: Biznite  Typed by: Badboysaj@aol.com * * send corrections to this typist Biznite.Biznite..Nothing but it  I'm dippin' in a black milleny benny sittin on twentys  Top off when the city's windy me and pretty Cindy  She dressed up in pretty Fendi and she sippin remy  I'm Iceburg nuttin but whenny all the way to my tinny  I'm hotter than a semi' 'cause this skirt shes wearing mini  and plus my head is spinnin from drinkin this fifth of Henny I stop at any deli cause this freakin with her penny  and aint no tellin how many she 'umm already been in.  We get inside the room and she gigglin plain grinnin  Slowly the lights dimmin and I'm slippin on my jimmy  I'm feelin with her titties this is only the beginnin  I stick it in her kitty now she screamin come on gimme  I'm flippin this chick over and I caught her slowly bendin  I'm hittin got her twistin this is my ninny you hear me  And when its time to quit I got her soakin wet and drippin  She asked me for a kiss ah..  CHORUS  Biznite is you trippin  Biznite is you trippin  What  Biznite is you trippin  What  Biznite is you trippin  He he he Wha..  You nothin but a sack chasin cock tastin biznite  Your never gonna amount to anythin but a biznite  'cuz all I wanna do is hit it raw I don't even wanna talk  if your baby come born with braids I aint the pa  nope I aint the pa  hell no I aint the pa  no I aint the pa  hell no I aint the pa  nope I aint the pa  hell no I aint the pa  if your baby come out saying wha.. I aint the pa  I ride up in a Porsche Boxter see this fox her name was Tasha  I got her when I stopped her at McDonalds with her partner  I jocked the way she rocked her lil Versasce and her Prada  I'm Iceburg (??) I jot her my phone number later on gave me a holla  I popped up by her mamas so her nigga wont know nada  She took thirty minutes play me like a some kinda coward  Now hopped up in my car and started talkin bout her doctor  She said she started ridin it in her babys fathers Honda  She wish that he would trade it in and cop a brand new Mazda  I'm drivin to the (??) to the back and put the top up  I roll down all the windows put the car in function "watch the"  I tried to touch her thigh she moved my hand and said ah ah bro  It took five minutes to bang then you know she propper  I'm knockin out her brains  We got the car shakin' and rocklin'  She asked me for a kiss ah  CHORUS  Biznite whats your problem  Wha..  Biznite whats your problem  Wha..  Biznite whats your problem  Wha  Biznite whats your problem  Wha  You nothin but a sack chasin cock tastin biznite  Your never gonna amount to anythin but a biznite  'cuz all I wanna do is hit it raw I don't even wanna talk  if your baby come born with braids I aint the pa  nope I aint the pa  hell no I aint the pa  no I aint the pa  hell no I aint the pa  there was this stoofy name was Lucy came up to me at the movies  said she just saw Balla Blockin and thought that I was cute  and but you and baby too can still come over early Tuesday  I just bought a new mansion just finished it and my movie  I knew she was a new from head to shoulder she was Gucci  And me I'm Iceberg Tom and Jerry, Daffy and Goofy  She say "oo" it would be so nice and usually she would do it  But lately she been cocky she just came from institution  I say that's cool cuz I don't really wanna have to shoot him  I gave the braud the pager number and said that she should use it  As soon as I flew by in that navy and baby blue six  She beeped and left a message that she come up with a solution  I scootin a run through straight to my house I wont be foolish  She had no bathin suit and then want me to see her booty  I oozed it in her coochie when she got in my Jacuzzi.  She asked me for a kiss ah.  Biznite is you stupid  Biznite is you stupid  what  Biznite is you stupid  What he he he what  Because your nothin but a sack chasin cock tastin biznite  Your never gonna amount to anythin but a biznite  'cuz all I wanna do is hit it raw I don't even wanna talk  if your baby come born with braids I aint the pa  nope I aint the pa  hell no I aint the pa  no I aint the pa  hell no I aint the pa  no I aint the pa  hell no I aint the pa  if your baby come out saying wha.. I aint the pa  you're a sack chasin cock tastin biznite  Your never gonna amount to anythin but a biznite  'cuz all I wanna do is hit it raw I don't even wanna talk  if your baby come born with braids I aint the pa  nope I aint the pa  hell no I aint the pa  no I aint the pa  hell no I aint the pa  nope I aint the pa  hell no I aint the pa  if your baby come out throwin up "W"'s I aint the pa nigga.  UMMMMM  UMMMMM  I aint the pa The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ B.G. Album: Lights Out Song: Act a Ass Typed by: ice_man504@yahoo.com [Intro] Act a ass wit it, back ya ass wit it  Act a ass wit it, back ya ass wit it Act a ass wit it, back ya ass wit it Verse 1: Lil Wayne  You know them hoes love Weezy Say he cute, small, long hair, big dick Weezy bring to y'all Don't y'all lip quit  Put your lips on this dick Let me get on some livin' Spit all over ya chin Weezy be on some pimp shit I see 'em, peep 'em, meet 'em, beep 'em Later on if she ride G 'em, freak 'em, by the weekend she be fuckin' the squad I ain't got no loves for broads, I ducks and dodge  I grab 'em, on they butts and all She fucks my dog, slut sucks nuts and all, and nothin' small This dick make 'em hit the floor and touch the wall Call my hoes defensive linemen, cuz they rush the balls Let Weezy bust they jaws Never have no picks and chooses Cuz I hits and lose 'em And go to the hotel and switch for ruggy Like a hot, spicy, fire, project girl ta duck wit me I'm so gangsta prissy chicks don't wanna fuck wit me  Chorus: Lil Wayne & B.G. [Lil Wayne] Titty bop, drop it like it's hot Make it fall slow Now walk wit me, shake a leg, catch the wall hoe Ya gotta back ya ass wit, act a ass wit Gotta back ya ass wit, act a ass wit [B.G.] A c'mon, tear it down, catch the wall Get naked, show me some  Tear that dick down bitch, start all over again And bungee jumpin' [Both] Ya gotta back ya ass wit it, act a ass wit it Ya gotta bend ya ass wit it, act a ass wit it Verse 2: B.G. That's right, act a fool bitch Do what you do hoe After I finish don't get up gotta let Weezy go You get your props your pussy fire, girl you a pro So when I'm speakin' I'm creepin' and come get some mo' You better recognize, you better realize This is the nigga Geezy, I ain't nothin' nice Love when you reach out grab, stuff it straight your mouth Start suck it 'til that middle come out Ride me (ride me), put that dick inside you (inside you) After that wiggle your ass and make that juice move I'ma donkey (donkey), better yet a veteran (veteran)  At the same time I can fuck you and your best friend The Number 1 Stunna, Baby you wit me Pump in my head - never let a bitch play me Always get the tec nigga fuck 'em all Wrap a chain 'round ya neck and walk it like a dog Chorus: Lil Wayne & B.G. [Lil Wayne] Titty bop, drop it like it's hot Make it fall slow Now walk wit me, shake a leg, catch the wall hoe Ya gotta back ya ass wit, act a ass wit Gotta back ya ass wit, act a ass wit [B.G.] A c'mon, Tear it down, catch the wall      Get naked, and show me somethin' Put that dick down bitch, start fuckin' And bungee jumpin' [Both] Ya gotta back ya ass wit it, act a ass wit it Ya gotta back ya ass wit it, act a ass wit it Verse 3: Lil Wayne See now when Lil Wayne put that dick down Biznites can't even walk or even sit down Wipe your mouth off and let me hit now That Rum got me feelin' real good The dick hard like real wood I put it in slow and work it real good This Lil nigga have a lot a sex So do me slow, get out the Prada dress Come when you wanted to like private jets I'm on blast ma', why you take it slower than its fast time Flip ya back over, make that ass right Weezy make ya suck it then taste That's how the pimp play Make her friend eat me in this bitch up like shrimp plates Bounce in the club rollin' on X, eyes pitch black I got 2 more 'nites is you wit that Fuck it let's go, when we pop out Lil Moe  Drop the top part of the 'Dro Later on I'm touchin' the throat, bare wit it  Where them hot girls that like that nasty shit Make'em act a ass wit it, back ya ass wit it Chorus: Lil Wayne & B.G.  [Lil Wayne] Titty bop, drop it like it's hot Make it fall slow Now walk wit me, shake a leg, catch the wall hoe Ya Gotta back ya ass wit, act a ass wit Ya Gotta back ya ass wit, act a ass wit [B.G.] A c'mon, tear it down, catch the wall Get naked, show me some  Tear that dick down bitch, then start fuckin'  And bungee jumpin' [Both] Ya gotta back ya ass wit it, act a ass wit it Ya gotta back ya ass wit it, act a ass wit it (*Repeat 'til end*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Lights Out Song: Beef Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne] Check Huh What? What? Let's go, nigga (Where you at, Wheezy?) You liable to catch me speedin' up the six, or beatin' up a chick or standin' over a stove, sweatin', heatin' up a brick And we keep the hustlin' slick, and got clips like bananas We twist the bandanas, and spit at niggas with cannons We ran in habitats with masks and plastic gats Stormin' through the house, screamin', "Where's this bastard's crack?!!" I flash the mack in front of your gal and make her tell Like, "Slut! Where's the yay, or I'ma pop one in your grill!" It's Lil Wayne, nigga - blast and bang triggas Pay with my change, then I'm gon' have to bang niggas I bag the caine quicker, and sprinkle like rain, nigga Flood the av quick with the quarters and halves, nigga If you out, you can find me on the street with the work If it's a drought, you can find me on the street with the work Never slip - I empty half a clip deep in your shirt And put your whole clique deep in the dirt Smell me? (Hook-2x [Lil Wayne]) Who wan' beef with 'em? Who wan' creep with 'em? And when it comes down to guns, nigga, I sleep with 'em See, we can sweep with 'em 'cause it get deep with 'em And when it comes down to drugs, I'm on the streets with 'em [Lil Wayne] Look I'm the youngest Hot Boy on the field with heaters Let my nine-millimeters kill your peoples Bust up in your house and put the gun to lil' Renita Give me the yay, or else I'ma put her in her sneakers Wow (wow, wow) you can catch me in all black with no smile Me, Turk, Geezy, and 'Nile - chicka-POW! How come these niggaz keep burnin the world? and why the hell this nigga Wheezy keep firmin your girl? Turnin the wheel on the orange and teal Bentley drop Then I'ma put that up and hop in the van and hit your block Tell your mom to get the cops cause y'all gon' need 'em When you see them bullets that my glock pop, y'all gon' eat 'em See this for all my niggaz in the pen, I hope for freedom And this for all my niggaz buyin bricks, I got 'em cheaper Keep a nigga quiet as a mouse when I come Wayne #1 Hot Boy, hot as the sun - ya smell me? (Hook [Lil Wayne]) Who wan' beef with 'em? Who wan' creep with 'em? And when it comes down to guns, nigga, I sleep with 'em See, we can sweep with 'em 'cause it get deep with 'em And when it comes down to drugs, I'm on the streets with 'em Who wan' beef with 'em? Who wan' creep with 'em? 'cause when it comes down to guns, nigga, I sleep with 'em See, we can sweep with 'em 'cause it get deep with 'em And when it comes down to drugs, I'm on the streets with 'em [Lil Wayne] Nasty case, nigga run up in your crib, crash the place Mask the face, automatic attach to waist You bastards play? Then it get awful and bad There will be no more walkin for dad, and it's off with your head And they gon' either get it right, or they get it at night And when they spit, it lick his ass twice like 20 damn dice Henny and ice is what I prefer, but light on the rocks I pack them clips tight on them glocks and light up your block And if there's coke involved, then your throat's involved I get the toaster and roll up and smoke most of y'all Me and my nigga, Super Sosa, run up in your crib while your grandma watchin Oprah, jag her up and rope her If you wan' grudge, chances slim like Ethiopia If you want drugs, I got more flavors than Fruitopia Recognize it's real and nuttin udder than that Cause one from the mac'll have blood coverin your back, ha? (Hook-4x [Lil Wayne]) Who wan' beef with 'em? Who wan' creep with 'em? 'cause when it comes down to guns, nigga, I sleep with 'em See, we can sweep with 'em 'cause it get deep with 'em And when it comes down to drugs, I'm on the streets with 'em [Lil Wayne] Who wan' beef with a nigga? Creep with a nigga? When it comes down to guns, look, I sleep with them triggas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Baby, Lac Album: Lights Out (Import) Song: Put it On Tha Streets Typed by: xzibit47@hotmail.com Uh oh Uh oh Look Listen [Verse 1] Now watch me break em up Tape em up Gun up in his face I be like straighten up Do make me bust Run up in this place I put my K to her and Uzi to him I woosy from gin Like shut up or get two to your chin You and your friend ??? how they do it in the pen I'm kinda off The 90 sparks give a damn bout your car I'm behind the tips of the Excursion Drunk and swervin' Your mom was twerkin Don't be jerkin in the middle of ??? I heard he got the murders so I'm going to get 'em His boys are trippin so now I got his ma and children Plus I slid inside tha back of A 96 Acura Click-Clack and A Black automatic Cataca Bitches got me rataca Pistols out to damage ya I swear i'll have this broads brains over the Avena Mario and Samua Screamin' man blast her brah Now you reall askin fa A motherfuckin massaca WHAT! Chorus: Baby, (Lac) Put it on the streets and let em cook up and wiegh up Put it on his ass if he don't hook up then pay up (Nigga if you got lets continue to deal) (If you move twenty birds I consider you real) Put it on the streets and let em cook up and wiegh up Put it on his ass if he don't hook up then pay up I, put it on the streets and let em cook up and wiegh up Put it on his ass if he don't hook up then pay up (Nigga if you got lets continue to deal) (If you move twenty birds I consider you real) What, put it on the streets and let em cook up and wiegh up Put it on his ass if he don't hook up then pay up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: 500 Degreez Song: Look at Me Typed by: AArsdam@aol.com [Hook] Bright thing on my hand saying (Look at me) I got your girl doing a handstand (Look at me) Cop them 28-inch Birdman's (Check out me) Y'all dudes money too young Bright thing on my hand saying (Look at me) I got your girl doing a handstand (Look at me) Cop them 28-inch Birdman's (Check out me) Big thighs with brown-eyes [Verse 1] It's Lil Weezy for real Only Cash Money Hot Boy that stood still I got a good deal I'm from a trill hood I smoke real good Slide on them skinnies in the bike with an ill hood Pipes, rally stripes and fog lights T-shirt white, three stripes with all ice What that boy name Birdman Jr., huh Four was mild but five is so wild I can smoke a green mile Got a chrome need a Rolls shined up for you baby Bling-blow, I rock a throwback Jordan 23 Rolling on hot 23's Tote a big glock 23 You're looking at the seventeen ward of New Orleans My block living me I want you to look hard at some easy money Stop playing this is Weezy company Uh-huh [Hook] [Verse 2] I'm the son of Cash Money The fodd of the squad And Baby bout to buy me a house in the sky Cuz I'm so fly When my feet touch the ground sometimes I gotta ask myself why Coupe kinda wide but I move sorta quick Looking for my roof where it went Mink on the floor big shoes on the bed Windows are the tint more wood than a bench Working in the hood more green than the Grinch Please don't play cuz I'm connected like Sprint Ladies on the tray popping up the back-end Peppermint leather with a feather in my brim It's Lil Weezy Sucking on my wrist real breezy And this is what I say when you see me Look, and leave your broad at home she get took Cuz I'm a player hold the game by the book [Hook] [Verse 3] Some call me Weezy But hoes holla look at Lil Wayne In that booger-green lay like should've been Mace Sweet, do speak when I should've put trays Forget it I'ma slam it on bubba-bubba-blaze So move over what you say shortie We could do rent pussy Normally I wouldn't but beating through the Texas And beating went to the A Eat with Jazze Pha But yeah I'm on my way Cuz I know he got that hay Hey little mami You a ghetto fire tin You come to my post on the island Come on that chronic He-he empty vodka bottles I be high he be drunk that my roll model I rolls by you with my seat reclining When I stop rims don't keep spinning they keep shining Money don't stop keep spinning and keep grinding Cash Money what you hollering, huh [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Big Tymers, TQ Album: 500 Degreez Song: Way of Life Typed by: chanedogg@hotmail.com [Intro: Mannie Fresh] Look right here, this how we gon do this Hook up the turn tables, whoof get on the keyboard And we gon run this for you, ya heard? Yeah, check it out [Female] Cash Money... Cash Money... Cash Money... Cash Money... [Lil Wayne] Ay, let me slide in the Benz with the fished-out fins Hit the mall wit my girlfriends dish out ends Cause you know it ain't trickin if you got it Copped baby girl what she desired  It's chump change ma, marijuana scholar  Know'n what I got up in my styrafoam cup - that purple stuff It was given to me at birth to stun So that's why I cop the Bentley with the leather and the furry cups [Baby] Hey, hold on mami them whips on dubs Cadillac Truck, 28's, no rubs Slide in the Benz, fins, bubble-eyed lens Car show in New York, y'all know who wins It's the Birdman daddy, with the Gucci Prada Slant back Cup Truck, no rims - can't holla It's that Louie Fendi on Ostrich streets It's the tailor-made daddy, mami do you love me? [Chorus: TQ] Baby, I'm a stunna I ain't gon change it Don't.. you.. know.. it's a way of life? Mami, do you want it? Cause I'm about to bring it Oh baby, can't stop the stun, no, no [Baby] Pop one, pop two with the new Nike shoes Royal blue jag on 'em 22's Slippers, white to breate, 500 Degreez In that Cadillac Truck on 'em 23's I'm the boss of the game with the money and fame All these, naked women that pop champagne And these, marble floors stay high as Rick James If you know my name then you know my game [Lil Wayne] It's Lil' Whodi from the Hot Block where seris flow Gotta get dough, cha'll won't feel me broke But, y'all don't hear me though Til I'm rolling down my window where my grill is show And you know I probably pump it through the hood on them 24's Word, rims poking out the side of the err Glock, have ya ribs poking out the side of your shirt  I'm a 17 nigga and I ride through the turf [Lil Wayne] Hey, and my pinky glow cause my rings is so... Blingy blingy, yo stop blinking though We smoke stinky stinky dro And we don't cop them incy wincy o's And we don't stop, nah, we blow Fuck the pee-ple Everywhere we go we smell like ick yo Birdman, my Paw so that make me go.. fly like an eagle, fasheezy [Baby] See they think cause I stay English turn That stunna don't ever OZ to burn I go in each sto' and ball like a dog Me and my niggs ball like a dog Cars on my streets, all on the lawn Ice in my teeth, all on my arm Tats in my face, my back and my arm [Lil Wayne] Tats in my face, my back and my arm [Outro: Mannie Fresh] Yo, there it is, ya lil' low life See, I'm a professional - you a rookie Fuck, a game so serious I could sell a hooker some pussy That's some serious shit Oh yeah, believe that Who we rollin wit? We rollin wit Cash Money Oh, I forgot about peace - Peace! I mean.. piece of pussy, piece of land, piece of property Just a mind game Piece of mind, ya know Piece of something, motherfucker! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Baby Album: 500 Degreez Song: Gangstas and Pimps Typed by: AArsdam@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Mannie Fresh] Ladies and gentlemen This one goes out to that little kid that got fried Spam for lunch I feel for you, I'm with you, I'm with you brother And this one right here is for that ghetto girl with the bad perm That just burn baby, burn baby, burn Pop open a malt liquor Smoke something until your scalp gets killed [Hook x2] Gangstas and pimps Love lobsters and shrimps Kool-Aid and chicken Flashy things and women All I need Is Remy and weed Somebody not afraid To go some for my Escalade [Lil Wayne] I'm just pimping Baby you got a rule for me Put your mink on and slide in a cool for me Hey you gotta get high and go low for me It's Cash Money young money never know money It's 500 Degreez it's not fool But it and the dro got me so scummy And to drum hole a whole hundred Can I put a whole hundred in your whole tummy Hehe, man Weezy's a legend You can tell by the bottom of my sleeve when you see what's in a bezel And he be on a level that's so terrific I'm in this bitch hold your pictures And hold your bitches cuz she gon want a part of me Cuz she never see the roof of my car with me And you never see a tooth without a diamond on it This is game at its finest homie Peep it [Hook] [Baby] See I was born from a gangsta Pa gave me a whip Ran numbers with pimps and I laid down cents One of a kind Birdman I shine 22's on it? The bitch ain't mine I taught her the game ma I gave it all to her Weezy Wee my son I give it all to him [Lil Wayne] The Birdman junior I'm the son of a stunna [Baby] Mannie Fresh Jazze Phezzy this our summer 500 Degreez got rich off the four Cadillac slant back cut side elbow Cadillac smoke dro just me and the ho Flash from hard times from that coke and dope Put cars in moms name just to duck white folks We eat lobster and shrimp Nigga park that Lambo I'm a V.I.P. nigga Pop bottles of Mo I pray that one day I'll open a better door [Hook] [Lil Wayne] Ain't no mountain high enough To me for cuz I keep on buying fi-fi stuff And the Eastside where we pump It's my part of New Orleans Bleed for ya I'm the heart of New Orleans Hear you're fucking with a gangsta foe Hope you never close your eyes I'll bang your ho All she need is some guidance I'll tame your ho It's big pimping over here man yeah man If she looking for a daddy see the lil man Weezy baby, don't fool yourself you need me baby Easy baby, I'm just trying to keep my bread cheesy baby Slick when I spit shit right 26-inch got a deep-dish ma Sweet as mami lips when I'm creeping by Baby gave me wings just to keep me fly Weezy I, hell yeah And I'm rolling with them [Hook x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: 500 Degreez Song: Lovely Typed by: AArsdam@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1] I love myself I love what I am I love who I is I love Weezy Lil girl your man your damn kids love Weezy You gotta love the nigga just because other nigga And I don't love other niggaz But I love other niggaz bitches I love 20-inches on everything I sit in I love my nappy hair I love the shit I wear You gotta love the squad-ad girl If she ain't giving love to the whole squad-ad Get outta here You people love the shit I pop in your ear You gon love the shit I do to hip-hop this year You gonna love when I bring it back to the block this year I represent the Biggie and 'Pac era; you gotta love me That I know ma love me just cuz I got a lot of money But I love that girl too, but I love that girl too I let y'all know me and I would love to know you Now come on [Hook x2] Everything that I love in this world Has gotta be the greatest thing in this world if I love it Cuz, I love this, I love that, I love y'all because Everything in this world is just love [Verse 2] I know you probably love the bar, right You love to live that big dog life You love to live just like a young'n Weezy by here And I love to see you do so I love my Coupe blow on them deuce-o's I love a cute ho and you probably love her all right, girl He probably love you all your life I love you all night, girl I love an all white pearls Six with the two pipes barrel kit I love to get it cracking in your girl lips I love to sip from bill I love to go hard purp-pill You love that I'm a star and got that work still Don't get it fucked because I love to work still And you won't love how the hurt feel How getting mirked feel And I love how getting hurt feel I know you love I got some of it on your shirt ee-yew I need to treat you As a matter fact I love to cheat you Don't call me cool Hey, you love me and I love to love you [Hook x2] [Verse 3] I love fast cars I love fast broads I love fast money I love Cash Money I love a slow cigar I love a slow mnage What you love blower hard Let's get it cracking money I love to stack my money You will love to jack my money I love to clap-clap and black-black get back here honey I love act a plumb-ass when I had a tall glass And that bust your ass in one gulp I love to shit talk You love to hear me talking shit on this When Fresh dropping that nasty shit That old uptown get down CMB classic shit I like to ride around with a plastic fifth I love to melt ya I love them underground S-Q albums Haters love to get you twisted But I love the haters cuz haters just love twisted Them bitches love Weezy My bitch gon love me when I'm busy With T-Rez fleece suit is Jayo nothing busy Squad up [Hook x4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Petey Pablo Album: 500 Degreez Song: Gangsta Shit Typed by: AArsdam@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lil Wayne talking] Uh-oh, uh-oh You know how we do it Weezy and Petey, baby Ya'know This here is 500 Degreez Holla at 'em dogg [Petey Pablo] Cuz I know I ain't dreaming I swear to God it sound like Petey Pablo on that track with Lil Weezy Switching it up Fuck it put them things on the truck What's the name of y'all jeweler tell 'em freeze me up Hating me kinky licks talking so much Lemme give these sons of bitches a reason to keep it talking You want to You ain't built to squabble with us I come to your show with heat homes and run on your bus I drink your water up Cool off I'm leaving with something They leaving you something crop stolen An asshole heard it Hip on purpose Dre I did what you told me I been acting like I don't hear ya but that shit been working Keep me a burner Poison that I grab in the morning Cuz I know that that's what's gon hold me down on this earth A real nigga trill nigga pull out and get debated I keep waiting I hear your name in the papers [Hook][Lil Wayne & Petey Pablo] They call me young as Weezy I'm gon round up the whole uptown We gon burn this bitch down to the ground People understand that you're fucking with some motherfucking soldiers Crazy-ass Petey I'ma tell a nigga just like this If you want it boy you sure can get it You ain't heard It's Cash Money and that Carolina nigga [Lil Wayne] They call me gangsta gangsta Weezy, Weezy Lil Birdman junior Holla at ya nigga I fuck around and throw a bottle at you nigga I'ma big pimp I throw a model at you nigga Squad-ad squad up throw up the motto at you niggaz You can mind up I throw a hollow at you nigga And I'm so high No I'm too high But a little work on a few blocks And I put a few skirts on a few blocks If you dirt you feel the burst from my fuse box Oh lordy there nobody like me shortie I hold Cash Money myself it's me money Old cats wants to test come see shortie I got it all hot it in the pocket I'll pop it I riding in a 'Rarri where the top is in my pocket That's young Weezy baby [Hook] [Lil Wayne] You see it's young Wayne Game is ashamed and they say he's a pain He is crazy deranged Put them blades on his thing Just like 80 to summer So, when the sun hit it look like Baby or something So, when I come through the ladies praise me or something Like, Weezy's the man If you be's where he be's then you leaves with a tan Cuz he's 500 Degreez I need a fan, whew Cool me off wipe me down Daddy is back in town With the back of my Caddy slanted down And the mack goes +black+ if you ask around Put some hash in that grass that you pass around Then I stash a pound by my ave with rounds I'm a gangsta until they put my casket down You can ask around And they tell you like me There ain't nobody like me It's Weezy baby [Hook] [Lil Wayne talking] Aiiyo see this is right here is Young Weezy nigga Don't get it tangled and twisted I'm in the studio right now nigga With my boy My nigga Boo in this bitch My nigga hot boy album ya'know what I mean 500 Degreez They all riding with ya boy Fi-Fi They gotta feel me Birdman junior, number one stunna my partner You know the name, bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: 500 Degreez Song: Bloodline Typed by: AArsdam@aol.com [Verse 1] The streets make the hustlas Hustlas make the world go round The world is made of keys, ounces and pounds The keys, ounces and pounds is made from hustlas See how shit come back round for ya Gotta cop it, chop it and cook it See how shit come back round for ya Gotta kick in the oven now watch it bubble And you can knock on my door But you can't knock the hustle But I- it's like a game of twenty-one and I got nineteen And my Jake but I put more 'd' on me Lil Weezy Wee gon eat that's how it is Got insurance on the floor man I'm that positive And I'm shaggy in the saggy lens Me an my squad in the paddy wagon tally Benz And you know I put the mags on that .45 mack with the flash on that Who want it Everybody sing along [Hook x2] Now I'ma ride cuz I got riding in my bloodline And I'ma shine cuz I got shining in my bloodline I get that dough cuz I got hustle in my bloodline I bleed concrete [Verse 2] And when I move, I move out with the raw I move out with the squad To his album we ride we so mob I throw lives and lowest to live For my loaf of bread the people's player I did what the culture said And I live by the coast of Nostre Cid Fuck around I'll knock your shoulder from your head Get it right I'm a soldier till I'm dead This kid is white with buttonholes inside that bled I'm pumping o's with lots of hay I'm so high and really I don't even know why And oh I just go buy a whole house And lay my mat down lay her back down But I never put my mack down You see the thug in me You know Weezy he the young son of Bubba-B Buy my basketball shorts with a thunder B If you want it then come to me I'm right here [Hook x2] [Verse 3] I'm G'd up Only follow the code of the streets Live bad to die good Know how to move when hustling by the days with no food But just so I can eat And ain't it a bitch And if you see me getting fat I'm probably getting rich And you probably can see me for some crack before six And after that it's all bricks A fake and my palm is wrapped around this eight And my arm because the dirty south is straight Vietnam I skate with the bomb I'm asking you don't play with me at all Shots hit your ass and make three of y'all It'll take three of y'all to fill one of my shoeprints Cuz I did and do shit that's better than new shit Fit for two clips The kid is a nuisance Awww man, he's inspired by his own gangsta music And the Blueprint Cruising through stoop with the ewe lit like ooh shit this is more than weed, it's 500 Degreez [Hook x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne Album: 500 Degreez Song: Where You At Typed by: musikalgurl@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [CHORUS] All my niggaz if you with me  Where you at? (OH!) All my soldiers if you with me Where you at? (OH!) All my hustlaz if you with me Where you at? (OH!) Where you at? (OH!) Where you at? Say (OH!) Niggaz if you with me  Let me hear you say (OH!) Soldiers if you with me Let me hear you say (OH!) Hustlaz if you with me  Let me hear you say (OH!) Say, say (OH!) Say, say (OH!) Aye (OH!) I come and do my thang and hold down my SIDE Single Street man throw my set up HIGH Weezy Wee gang call them boys that SQUAD That Squad...SQUAD UP! YOU KNOW And WE get a lot of dough on the strength of ME Get a lot of 'dro for the strength of FEE Get a lot of blow But keep that on the D D what?...DL! YOU KNOW And OH you don't wanna fuck with a nigga 'Cuz a nigga might fuck with the trigger Leave a nigga on the FLO' Truly I don't buck with you nigga Let my tooly talk talk to you nigga Bitch man is an itch to a rich man WHOA '20s on the six with the kicks sitting LOW Sticky in my swish man gasoline FLO' Fire spit man Weezy is about to BLOW YA KNOW! [CHORUS] Aye (OH!) Pass the pine to the pimp old juice killer Catch your eye in one glimpse old school with the Ass up high the front dip drip BAM Mami like DAMN Lil' Wayne STOP PLAYING Baby I'm a baller I hustle with my father It's the Birdman and Birdman J.R. Flip them birds man eighteen grand just order Eighty-five for half and forty-five for quarter YEAH! Tity baby put it in the AIR I'm jumping out this atmoSPHERE  And I'm jumping in your bitch if she at a PLAYER Jumping in the painted thing on that Dang-A-Dangs You see the arm when I pass nigga Bling-A-Ling You now I'm armed we can mash man it Aint-A-Thing You know I'm calm but I'm a gorilla Aint-A-Game I got a banana clip for all you Orang-A-Tangs LET'S BANG! [CHORUS] Aye (OH!) It's young Weezy cant nothing see me DOG I get you done easy with one easy phone call And the sawed off make your arms fall off Like a short sleeved polo...wont bother me no more Ice like strobe light...look like I'm moving slo mo' Probaly look nice on low pro Yokahomas With '20 inch chromes poking out 'em Chrissy till the dome tote the ganja  Redbone in the shower Hello! Pochahontas give a long stroke poke for hours Floating vagina oh I'ma holla So coke and the nanies I'm honest man Nothing big maybe ounces, grams But I know how to double...and sometimes it's scams But I know to hustle...and some glocks'll jam But I know how to bust'em...and some drops'll slam All alloy buttons that's all stunting  That boy's something YEAH [CHORUS] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: 500 Degreez Song: Worry Me Typed by: AArsdam@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Hook] You gotta walk like a (soldier) Talk like a (stunna) Move like a (player) And get it like a (hustler) You gotta walk like a (soldier) Talk like a (stunna) Move like a (player) And get it like a (hustler) Because I won't let y'all worry me I got something chrome that I carry with me It's Young Weezy Wee y'all ain't scaring me I'm the seventeen don till they bury me [Verse 1] Eh, it go whoa oh me oh my ay ay I'm H-O-T-B-O-Y ay ay I'm so fly I'm the Birdman Jaya Stunting in the gray uh Shortie play your player Slick clean hey ya Fifteen riding with me spray ya You don't want no drama with me play fa Keep low or it's murda she wrote pussy nigga I gotta keep it cooking cuz the streets still hot for a shooking Plus my late pops still looking Bust my tray quick if ya hate the pimp Think it's all big fish I don ate the shrimp Roll out with the hood cuz I'm so damn street I rep Hollygrove and Hollygrove rep me And that's how Weezy Wee be And y'all gon R-E-S-P-E-C-T me [Hook] [Verse 2] I'm riding and I'm dolo on my way to the stizzo Knowing on my waist is the sizzo Wheezy so hot glock ten and a pistol Big rims with the tires thin as a pencil Mami want me cuz I got pimping potential I stick to my mental Don't make me stick my fifth to your temple Forget I'm getting rich for a cent Bitch I'm coming get you for my baby mama's rent I will flip you 90 on the highway seeing what the whip do Cops get behind me they want see the whip too S-Q professor C-M-B alumni Everybody else fails except the young guy Don't worry bout Weezy for real nigga I done mine Got the biggest nuts up in here nigga I swung mine The streets taught me never to fear nigga I run mine I can't lose cuz I won mine Now run yourself [Hook] [Verse 3] I got five drinks with me And there be four chunks of dro up in my lung pipe Three guns Two bitches And all I need is one knife And I bet you don't like C'mon we only get one life And if it's done right Freak a nigga might wife her You know S-Q galore low chop three striper I'm just trying to keep paper Please, don't be a hater cuz he'll take ya Weeze Don't be a major cuz he greater Cheese gon feed Nate Brother it's keys or emceeing And I'm a C-O-A cuz I can move yay Like you never thought hard or soft like a duck And y'all don't starve me That shit could be bad for your heartbeat Cash'll get you snatched in a heartbeat Mash in a mad dash in a Cadillac with the alligator dashboard Damn whore Yeah I know [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: 500 Degreez Song: 500 Degreez Typed by: MXPlanet2000@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne talking] It's the real shit, yeah 500 Degreez this time biotch Yes sir, you already know [Lil Wayne verse 1] You see me? I eat, sleep, shit, and talk snaps; so fuck rap Man I got weed, pills, pistols, all crack Bitch niggas where ya hearts at? Ya'll ain't stuntin' like us Bitch niggas where ya cars at? They like, "Wayne why the fuck you dressed in all black?" I'm about to bring CMR back And all the lames, we done lost that And all we got is Weezy, Weezy, and Lil' Weezy to fall back I'm about to lock it from the summer to the fall and back "Its Weezy baby!" The ballers back And the wheels on my car you got all of that Stop playing, I've been balling jack You don't want my glock spraying - I hit all them cats You don't want my stomach ache - I shit on them cats I get all them gats - Fresh and B it's all a rap! If I'm the only Hot Boy what do you call that? You don't want to fuck with Weezy You don't want to fuck with Weezy [Lil Wayne] Bitch what? I'll bust ya ass up Don't even go there round Niggas get your cash up We probably need to clash up And shit got me 'bout ass up They finding niggas in they shit with they ass up It ain't October 31st but we gone mask up - and guess what And I heard they got a nice chain And for the right price I'll bust the right brain And mommy hot cause pull up in that white thang Yo nigga might be fly but I still get trifling Riding through the city just me and my friend Friday night special, professional tight aim A gangsta is who you hearing Me in my building with 20 bricks in the ceiling I'm more real than, I got more scrill than Got more skill than them there I'm a Cash Money Millionaire You don't want to fuck with Weezy You don't want to fuck with Weezy Hot Boy, Hot, Hot, Hot Boy, Hot, Hot, Hot Boy Hot, Hot, Hot Boy [Lil Wayne] Baby let me get the keys to the rover No, let me get the keys to the house in Eastover So I can throw a 500 Degreez platinum party, then the after party Me and my Squad stomping in this bitch, fuck a Kappa party Don't go to rapper parties - I'm no rapper man But when the homies come home we throw a monster jam And all my people tote chrome - we some monsters man We gone mob to the promise land I bought big - I'm a Tymer man Son of a Stunna - still a girl fuck with a hustler! Weezy keep it gutter for ya Baby Bubba Baby blue Mercedes Coupe - Got it bullet proof Make me shoot my 80 duke at your fucking roof You're fucking with a big dog, nigga fucking woof Mr. S-Fucking-Q - I'm the fucking truth Three stripes, baby nice, lot of ice fucking ooohf! That's 500 Degreez! You don't want to fuck with Weezy You don't want to fuck with Weezy Hot Boy, Hot, Hot, Hot Boy, Hot, Hot, Hot Boy Hot, Hot, Hot Boy Bitch get your mind right, Bitch get your mind right The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: 500 Degreez Song: Go Hard Typed by: AArsdam@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1] It's H-B Weezy Wee off the streets Stay deep 'Cedes Jeep big feet Gazer seats hold the bare floors I faithfully hold to pimp whores You ate with me and you gon get yours This eight with me that's bullets through doors Got haze in me now I'm so tall Come blaze with me cuz Beaky got more And now or later I'm major player I ball right I need an agent player Ay ma you tight you need to page a player That's so tonight you can taste a player I got the burner on the waist if you flinching My shit turning on 28-inches My shit burning like 500 plus And this album's a three permer and a clutch [Hook] 24/7 (Yes, sir) I go hard (Go hard, go hard, go hard) Not here [Verse 2] I claim squad game till no more Wayne remain Bang my thing till no more lane remain Use the left lane man cook up the cocaine Dudes a lil game and get her to do brain That boy Weezy is a bad mother-feezy Me and Young Jazze at the back of one tweezy I'm so breezy off the Velvie and the perk Now I'm getting head on the balcony on Bourbon Apple and Eagle is the street that I shop The Birdman my daddy and we fly south And we don't go to work man we get work out And the bricks may go as low as ten up in the drought Niggaz is selling and you should be buying Niggaz is telling and you should be dying Niggaz is yelling Cash Money till they kill me C-M-B, I know you gotta feel me [Hook] [Verse 3] You know if I'm doing it I'm probably doing it for the block I'm out here bitch I got this here on lock Come out here bitch I bet this here gon pop I got ya slick this my year don't knock Speakers from the front to the rear gon rock Wood-grain handles to steer it's all hot I never drove factory and I don't own stock I drop that bitch on chrome chops, yeah [Hook till end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: 500 Degreez Song: Young'n Blues Typed by: musikalgurl@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Lil Wayne - talking] I met her when I was young and she was younger With a body like woman so her age meant nothing I had to get her number  After how she made them daisy doots fit her all summer I'm wishing I could hit her all summer And all she ever wanted Was for young Weezy to love her But all I ever wanted was to cum easy and dump her But that didnt come easy 'Cuz she ended up being my baby's mother and then I felt smothered but little did I know I'd never find the same girl inside another But I never thought that I'd be looking for her And I never thought that late at night When I'm in the mix...laying down with some chick That suddenly it'll click How this broad in my drawers dont know shit  Bout what I did 'fore I was big When's there's a woman with my kid where I should be She screamed to me (What?) My love, my patience, my pain (OK) Nigga please I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da) I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da) I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da) I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da) [Verse One] I met her after the fame And she aint even like me but I got her after the game Mami was a nice piece, young Cali sweet thang Made her into wifey and then reality changed It was going good...I was happy again But then things got rapidly strange And it had to be Wayne She was still a virgin What more could I ask from a dame But I was a bastard...I asked for the pain Now my ass in the rain And she got a new life...the picture flipped And none of it includes Weez and all his bullshit (Shit) And I remember the Bahamas for the weekend  We was freaking in the suite And she looked sweet enough to beat it up Till we began to sleep and I I'm dreaming 'bout the Victoria Secret lingerie Told me keep it..she aint want moms to see it And just think I once saw it on the girl's body Now all I'm seeing is nobody I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da) I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da) I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da) I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da) [Verse Two] You see I never really ran, but no gentleman All I know is big pimpin' ma'am I'm just tryna be Weezy And the perfect husband just might be too hard to find in me, Weezy Baby girl you gotta work with ya boy 'Cuz all of that cursing it be hurting ya boy Look for the better not the worst in ya boy And maybe I can be ya boy...Ya know what I'm sayin' But see this here is not your everyday love tune It's the story of your everyday thug dude And in your mind you prolly thinkin we don't love you But on the real we just not used to what love do And please consider that We were taught to love money, ice, cars, and clothes Love pussy but you dont love them ho's Love ya niggaz love ya children Now if they got a bitch you could love that Holla back I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da) I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da) I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da) I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da) I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da) I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da) Young Weez'got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da) I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da) [Outro with Lil Wayne talking] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Blaque, Mannie Fresh Album: 500 Degreez Song: Believe That Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus - Blaque and (Mannie Fresh)] Push Impalas and Caprice's (Believe that daddy) Starch flat no creases (Believe that daddy) Got that work, you a D boy (Believe that daddy) You a H-O-T Boy (Believe that daddy) Do ya Bentley got them hoes (Believe that daddy) That's, that weed smell in yo clothes (Believe that daddy) Bet a hunderd, shoot a hundred (Believe that daddy) It's my block, I run it (Believe that daddy) Got them 20's on ya ride (Believe that daddy) Got the gator inside (Believe that daddy) Fine bitch, bow-leg (Believe that daddy) And she go both ways (Believe that daddy) Slugged up in the front (Believe that daddy) Got a trunk full of bump (Believe that daddy) Got cribs, cars, bikes, dykes (Believe that daddy) 'Cause that's what hoes like (Believe that daddy) Now I do it for the ladies, do it for the ladies I do cause I wanna push a cat-eye Mercedes I do it for my dudes, do it for my dudes All the niggas on the block that got that work to move (Verse 1 - Lil' Wayne) It's Weezy baby, young and from the Dirty South Get up your dope, I'm putting birdies out Like thirty in my mouth, so I can say Fuck you bitch you still ain't got a dirty mouth The hood still ain't got over the drout So you should sleep on your roof, just to watch over ya house Nigga we tymin', the cost of my watch over ya house I'm a boss man, I watch over the South Jazze Pha, let's hop in the Lammy (Lamborghini) Stop by Sammy, chill in the hood, you good, you family My boys like to pull them blammies, and big pimp Mami suck dick 'til she pull your hammy, homey You know we only, keepin it gangsta Deep in the Range, 17 in the chamber All I need is my banger, nigga it's Weezy This shit is over somebody cue me (Chorus) (Verse 2 - Lil' Wayne) You don't wanna play wit me, I touch you man Lose ya man in a tussle, but y'all don't see me Y'all can't hear me, this a def jam, call me Russell, man I played on Martin, call me hustle, man And now y'all know I'm the yee-yo muscle, man But on the under, I got that wonder, to stop that thunder That rumble in the side of ya stomach, piled on water How do you want it, come through in a Coupe powder blue or High with water, how do you want it man Ay, I towed a lot of tullies dun, I den broke a lot of hoopties dun I den drove a lot of QP's from, here and there on the road For the nigga gotta move his son, and I show you how to do this son That's, that boy Weezy We, CMB, BITACH, and ya stunned (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Big Tymers Album: 500 Degreez Song: Fuck You Typed by: rse24@drexel.edu * * send corrections to the typist [Lil Wayne] Who that, Weezy Bitch Like Sigel, you fuckin with the young don, people Plus I'm tryna make a son, he gon' be the sequel Muh'fuckas better be peaceful, fo' sheezle I get sums in lumps, like measles My dough sick, on occations I catch seizures I treat beef like burgers, just cheese you And for that cheedar, hungry niggaz'll eat you We breeze through in the twelve with the judo eyes Bitches yell I wanna do those guys Ain't that cold, you know shit fucked up when you got banked at fo' I'm 19 and I got banked at O That's the Bentley ma, that ain't that Rolls But the price on that muthafucka ain't that low Guaranteed that I'll bang that fo' If your fuckin with the dude Big shout from Cash Money Records, Fuck You [Chorus x8] Fuck you, fuck you nigga, muthafuck you  [Mannie Fresh] Chains, nines, guns that's us The slogan is "we will bust" The rules our this our size Cross it young nigga and you will die Pumps, ride guns, even 25's Cash Money got this, don't even try it Stay where you from, don't bring no static If not, then semi-automatic This is the payback, pussy bitch stay back Fuck you, yo' mama, yo' daddy and where you lay at What's beef, beef is when you fuck with us Guaranteed to lay yo' ass up under the bus There's no one quicker, than a hot boy nigga That'll get you with the knife, or pow with the trigger There's no one keaner, with the chrome Sarafina Murder ain't nuttin' but a misdemeanor [Chorus x4] [Baby] Fo' sho' nigga I'm gon' ride 'round my city and stunt my shit If a nigga don't like it they can suck my dick I got a Bentley, Jag, Rolls, Ferrari Lambo' with no top I'm gon' ride tomorrow Fuck a cutless, regals, and rams V-12 Gotta have somethin fast just to get out them jams Got a big ass crib with a flow lil fuck Got a roof all glass and that bitch split up Got a house built look like a Mercedes booth Ferrari sofa set with the Lambo' wrench room Leskitted up kitchen set and Rolls Royce wall Jaguar floors and fuck all yall BMW lights, projectors to watch fights Caddilac Benz, white fox for threads Chin cheddar for Chi tower, ain't that crazy I don't give a fuck homie, that's how I play it Refridge designed like a Lexus with legs In the fridge, it's quarters to replace the eggs From me, Fresh, and Weezy fuck what they say I'm Cash Money stunna nigga and that's how I play it [Chorus x8] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Baby, Cristale, Tateeze Album: 500 Degreez Song: Get That Dough Typed by: rse24@drexel.edu * * send corrections to the typist Biotch, Biotch [Chorus - Baby (Cristale)] (Get that dough) Look wipe a bitch down, let's dribble on a hoe, C'mon (Get that dough) Let's pop a few bottles, smoke a lil dro (Get that dough) Look wipe a bitch down, let's dribble on a hoe, Wooo (Get that dough) Let's pop a few bottles, smoke a lil dro [Lil Wayne] I pull up slow, chrome flashin lil daddy in a long Cabbi Big hat pimp strong daddy Got my hoes on my arm daddy Ain't that amazing, specially when I'm blazin that dro earthly green, purple weed, purple V, with purple seats, murck the streets And I see ya in that Gucci skirt ya sweet But later on I wanna hurt ya so holla back hoe I know ya will, get ya ass over here And take off my polar bear I'm the coldest player of most my age Quote my age, 19 but my money's much old And shorty got crazy paper Cash Money's my army, my navy paper Understand, Weezy is made of paper I got "Baby" paper [Cristale] Floss our bitch, or get tossed out Stunna time criss-crossed out Birdman the bad bitches bossed out So fly nigga we dont walk out Time to get Nina Rossed out I'ma let the heat speak, see I'm talked out What's the muthafuckin talk bout Get you niggaz chalked out Chi-town and Birdman show you what that fuckin hawk bout [Baby] You can shine like stunna (Papi it's all gravy) I bought the Rover for me and bought the Benz for my ladies See I, wipe ya down, I shine ya up And put the rims on the whip then diamonded up It's the m-uh-m-uh-man, that I hustle for grams Me, Ta', and Cris' with a blunt in my hand See I come through shinin, known big tymin Red Caddi truck, nigga I'm grindin [Tateeze] I come Harley D, black bike all chrome Your queen is home, daddy tell 'em where they went from [Baby] See I'ma slide on through, then I stash the loot Who washed the coupe, ma look I know what to do [Tateeze] Got the suit you to wear some pumps on matchin the car, matchin my bra, shit nigga pimpin is hard [Baby] I jock that, so wipe a nigga down Let's dribble on a hoe, bitch time to go [Tateeze] The Caddi do me pop, the coupe is hot the groupies flock, and case me out my Gucci socks Yeah, we get that dough, Tatee' watch me drop these You got me, can I get the car keys [Baby] See I wipe a bitch down, then dribble on a hoe And I touch her from her head, from her waist, to her toes Pop up in the Lexus with the mink on the floor Rocked out Nexus 2K bird hoe, Wooo! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: 500 Degreez Song: Fo Sheezy Typed by: AArsdam@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1] You know they saying since the bar back on the 'dro, he lackin the flow And if that ever happen whoa I ain't rapping no more I'm good with a pina, daq and an o Gagging and choke like ho put the dick back in your throat Still packing fo sho Yeezy Weezy off of the heezy fo sheezy Cruise with the top off of the 'Ghini Bars got cheese I got cheddar linguini That's why I keep the federals scheming That's why I keep the platinum blinging Every diamond's like a nice size I help people with problems look at the bright side With nice ties on a rise so they sitting me high And the rims born in '79 Weezy carry the nine glocks Slipping they gon have to get six niggaz name called carry a pine box Marry me ma, not But here's what you can do to me Give me good brains tutor me W-E-E-Z-Y Wee [Hook x4] They call me Weezy Weezy fo sheezy Banana clip on the heater Banana whip on them sneakers Banana dick going deeper [Verse 2] Got a good game honestly so respect the young'n Got your girl undercover like a detective woman I'm a mess blow a vest to onion and I'll test your stomach And the pistols right next to him cousin I'm a player having sex with dozens Sex with cousins hoes dissed with husbands My pants is down her dress is up Her head down and her neck is tough She suck till I say, "That's enough!" We fuck till her ass fractured up And when I nut no shower bitch pack your stuff Am I a mack or what Yep, Weezy macaroni with a bony model bitch Are you modeling ma She got her own whip so you following ma She said she like that squad shit So oh you swallowing ma She said she like that hot dick Well miss I got three bricks and two pills pop One blunt mami let's roll And understand, I know what my name is, right Bitch say it W-E-E-Z-Y Wee [Hook x4] [Verse 3] I'm so gangsta If she don't go down no thank you I got so many bitches so ain't ya Got so many pictures of Ben Franklin High top tennis on the car cover of the whole game cold Fuck it up with me niggaz come from all angles Representing S-Q like the Star Spangled White tee-fish at Kango Low top Nikes plus my ho pop Nikes How exciting we riding in the third lane Said she like Juvy but prefer Wayne She can give me head Call her birdbrain on everything It's Young Weezy cuz I be golly My neck more colorful then Nelly, Murph, Ky, Ali I'm so cold deep Low seats in the old drop blow reef Like no cops could fuck with this Swiftly no tops on the whippy Cash Money hot Bizzy Lil Wizzy get with me Now I'ma, I'ma ask you again You know my name right bitch Bitch say it [Hook x2] [Outro] W-E-E-Z-Y Wee Bitch holla! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter Song: Walk In Typed by: chinnmiami@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lil Wayne talking] Yea yea yea its the Carter motherfucker I came back around its the Carter motherfucker I came back around its the Carter motherfucker let me show you my building man, its the Carter I'ma show y'all the ins the outs the ups the down, kno what I'm talkin bout this is me fourth solo album baby, I came back around by myself this time, back off the wall guns up in the air in the middle of the streets like blak blak blak, welcome [Verse 1] This is the Carter y'all welcome, hard as Malcolm Dawg is a vulcan Lord help him but y'all felt him That make you a part of me and pardony If a part of me is what you wanna be what you oughtta be Dont worry Carter me I just actin accordingly I give orders to the commander in chief, just the commander in me Handlin streets in the mandarin V I hear you haters slanderin me I just hand him the P Any drama I pace it like Indiana, I take your grandma pacemaker and jus handle the piece Not two fingers I simultaneously bout two bangers You do not want anger USDA prime beef, ya dead meat I'm so ahead of these trendy rappers speed up I'm already hot when another one startin to heat up Got Mannie hot wit me cuz I always beat his beat up Yall cats wit y'all feet up startin to look like feet up, I'm G'd up On the V'd up, in the truck I gotta put my seat up In the trunk I got my bass and I ain't speakin bout no speakers Whats leakin up out of yo speaker is the speech of Weezy F. Baby No more no less Baby, so forth and so on Front door livin room young nigga switchin we What you need, get you crack get you weed Make yo way to the back look ahead and see White bitch in the bathroom givin head for speed But don't you turn your head at me, the president been doin it Daddy tried to ruin it But I built this building from the ruts I own all the corners and the cuts in this motherfucker And the feds know just whats up in this motherfucker Made niggaz so they cant bust in this motherfucker So with that lets keep it movin, on to the kitchen where my witches keep it brewin Uh huh look at how my bitches do it Bucky buck naked look at all my bitches booties They handle all my pharmaceutics I got it from promethazane to metamucil I'm crucial don't mean to spook you But this is New Orleans so my queens do voodoo, ya know So the things just move through I feel ya pain I got things to soothe you That fills the cane so wayne the nuetral Dont hate the game hate the institution That fills the cane so wayne the nuetral Dot hate the game hate the institution, fucka [Lil Wayne talking] I came back around, it's the Carter show you the rest of the house later, we gon go upstairs, ya kno Ya kno what this is right Tha Carter..tha Carter...tha Carter The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Mannie Fresh Album: Tha Carter Song: Go DJ Typed by: chinnmiami@yahoo.com [Mannie Fresh talking] Yea, yea, yea Grown ups in between, children and babies Right about now its yo boy, ya heard, back again DJ Mannie Fre Fresh Err Fresh Fre Fresh Err Fresh Fre Fresh Err Fresh Fre Fresh Err Fresh Go DJ, that's my DJ Go DJ, that's my DJ Go DJ, that's my DJ Go DJ, yea Wit Weezy We, step up to the mic dude do watcha do, ya heard [Lil Wayne talking] Ladies and gentlemen, what you have here is brought to you Courtesy of the young man young Carter and the great man Mannie Fresh So what I want y'all out there to do for me is say this [Hook] Say go DJ, cause that's my DJ Say go DJ, cause that's my DJ Say go DJ, cause that's my DJ Say go DJ, cause that's my cause that's my [Lil Wayne] Murder 101, the hottest nigga under the sun I come from under the tommy, bustin a tommy Or come from under your garments, yo chest and your arm hit Pow, one to the head now you know he dead Now you know I play it, like a pro in the game Naw better yet a veteran a hall of fame I got that medicine, I'm better than all the names Ay its Cash Money Records man a lawless gang Put some water on the track, Fresh for all his flame Wear a helmet when you bang it man and guard yo brain Cuz the flow is spasmatic what they call insane That ain't even a muthafuckin aim I gets dough boy And you already know that pimpin 18 how I'm livin young'n show that Bentley Stunna my Pa so you know that's in me Gotti my mentor so don't go there wit me [Hook] - 2X [Lil Wayne] And I move like the Coupe thru traffic Rush hour GT Bent' roof is absent Ya bitch present wit the music blastin And she keep askin how it shoot if its plastic I tell her you see if ya boy run up she sat back and cut the Carter back up, oh fa sho Ay Big Mike they betta step they authority's up Before they step to a sergeant's son, I got army guns You niggaz never harmin young fly wizzy my opponents done, I'm done talking And I ain't just begun I been runnin my city like Diddy ya chump I fly by ya in a foreign whip On the throttle wit a model bony bitch Pair of phony tits, her hair is long and shit to her thong and shit Well here we go so hold on to this, uh let's go [Lil Wayne talking] Hold on let me hit the blunt So go, so go This is the, this is the, this is the This is the, this is the, this is the This is the Carter [Hook] [Lil Wayne] Birdman put them niggaz in a trash can Leave em outside of your door I'm your trash man I'm steady lightin up the hash and ridin in my jag You will need a gas mask man You snakes, stop hidin in the grass Sooner or later I'll cut it now the blades in yo ass You homo niggaz getting Aids in the ass While the homie here tryna get paid in advance I'm stayin on my grizzy I'ma bonafide hustler Play me or play wit me then I'm goin find your mother Niggaz wanna eat cause they ain't ate nothin But niggaz wanna leave when you say you out of mustard So I'ma walk into the restaurant alone, leavin out Leavin behind just residue and bones In your residents with Rugers to your dome Like where the fuck you holdin the coke hold in your throat, choke This, this, this, this, this, this, this, this this, this, this, this, this This is the Carter [Hook] Go DJ, DJ, DJ The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Mannie Fresh Album: Tha Carter Song: This is Tha Carter Typed by: chinnmiami@yahoo.com [Lil Wayne talking] Ok I'm finally perfect, ya know Yall already know what it is and if you don't Then the great Mannie Fresh will enlighten you [Hook: Mannie Fresh] Ladies and gentlemen, pimps and playas Half ass rappers and true rhyme sayers This is the Carter, so hold onto your teenage daughter Because this is the Carter, a lot more rich and a whole lot smarter Wayne in ya brain young Carter Wayne in ya brain young Carter [Lil Wayne] Who am I, young wizzle fa shizzle Flow sicker than a third floor in hospitals My charm starburst, my watch skittles I'm hot sizzle, what up hot bizzle Holla at a playa, I'm sorta like BD Yall can't stop my dribble, or block the lay-ups Soft top the Coupe, mami pop her too Don't chase the feelin baby girl let it come to you Remove the ceiling on the girl now she comfortable I'ma world class G mami fuck wit dude I got Lazy-Boy bank that's comfort low I'ma offense coordinator run the shoe You watch your grill what you ought to do Fore' your ribs get barbecued And my ribs is showin I say I'm starving dude This, this, this, this, this is the Carter dude What up Reel, c'mon [Hook] [Lil Wayne} I'm the Birdman Birdman Jr. bitch I be high in the sky shit on you and yo bitch I be flyer than your guy nigga lose the prick Now if ya follow everything just grab a wing And we could sssssshhhhhhhh All the way down to the mall and bet I buy it all Young Mar' picture the broad lick All the way down to the balls then she wipe it off If getting money is wrong I ain't right at all I young money a car I just write it off I'm the boss of my own shit, I'm my own click I would say fuck ya but go and get ya own dick Get ya game up boy hustle harder This, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this Get ya game up boy hustle harder This, this, this, this, this, this is the Carter, yea [Hook] [Lil Wayne] And yall better blame Baby Cuz he the muthufucka that made me, and I'm crazy And yall ask why I never left the navy Cuz he the muthufucka that pay me, is you crazy Young, young, young wizzle baby Give you yo issue, me don't wanna kiss you No, no, no me no want no bullshit So, so stop baller blockin cuz a nigga hood rich And I floss everyday because I could bitch So holla at ya boy cuz I'm still on some hood shit Like, like, like whats really good wit ya mom or your lil boy And your sister lookin good shit, shit I'm still Apple Eagle weasel 1-7 Hollygrove never ever ever leave you I got yall waitin on my sequel This, this, this, this, this, this is the Carter people [Hook] RepeatX2 [Lil Wayne talking until the end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Baby Album: Tha Carter Song: BM J.R. Typed by: dirty_boy615@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Baby talking] Yeah shawty you know what I'm talkin about I'm peepin these niggaz out there slippin lookin like they ain't 'bout money no mo' man. So uh fuck you know what we gon do huh? What we been doin ha nigga We gon load up get a lot mo get a lot mo and say fuck em nigga Keep buyin shit, keep fuckin hoes. Loadin up on mo' bitches Then you know what I'm sayin, we gon get greedy too nigga I ain't neva gettin full. I'm full blooded wit this grind Yeah they don't understand lil nigga! (I got it..I got it) (Lil Wayne verse) On the capitol only key to survive is kill If the elements don't murder you the ridaz will Fa real And niggaz know I go hard to the fullest Get involved and I got em playin dodgeball wit bullets Yeah, I got the sawed off fully in the Sean John hoody Get fucked you play pus-sy Ha! We hit em up while they lookin And them body shots hooked But the head shots took him Damn! And if the red dot spot em then the hollow head got em Knock his temp to his bottom jack! Yeah! You see we grind from the bottom just to make it to the bottom At the very bottom of the map Lilweeziana piranas everywhere you at You gotta wear a extra condom and a extra gat Ya bitch gon get it fa actin like a man And niggaz in Pakistan are packin like ya man I back this hand ya man on command In front of niggaz he cool wit dem boyz on fan I'm on hot I adjust in different climates Duckin the animal keep on runnin wit my primates You ain't did it till you done it like in five states Weezy hustle no blubber I put on weight And in the drought I go on a diet and stretch more Lose all that weight leave a nigga wit stretch marks You don't even come up to a nigga chest pa' sub par What the fuck they play it in the club for Real shit I'm duckin bombs from a drug war No religion but the cops swear that I'm a drug lord Father forgive em for they know not who they pushin Lord Father forgive me if I have to send em to ya Lord I'm just tryin dodge the shots they send to the God They ridin up highway to heaven blvd. (Fuck em) Damn! Them niggaz pussy and jive not even in a eye exam they ain't lookin for I The A and the K will make ya face cook to the side Now when you smilin everybody gotta look from the side Cause when you wildin you ain't lookin you just lookin high And when we hungry you look like pie Sweet potato ass nigga you lemon merengue apple custard Cherry jelly don't make me get the bisuit busta Yea! What up Gizzle you my distant brotha Real shit nigga same father different mother I skip the frontin and stick to keepin it trill You not know me fa nothin other I'm somethin other Than people you feel I'm deeper for real I'm deeper than skillz My speeches can kill Rest in peace [Baby talking] Yeah! You undadig shawty it's all about one thang nigga If you bout money nigga come fuck wit us If you ain't bout no money get the fuck from 'round us nigga And whateva you bout we bout it Howeva you wanna get we can give it to ya nigga All runnaz bitch. Ya undadig put ya prints in nigga Put ya feet down and ya nutz on the concrete and lets roll (Let me get it back Aye. Aye.) (Lil Wayne verse) You sleep in the field fa tryin the dude I'll bust ya head to the meat turn ya mind to food Food fa thought think I ain't lyin to you I lye his body in grease set fire to em I tie his body in sheets put the tires to em Make em feel the Escalade put his feet in the blaades Damn! I'm the heat in the blaze And niggaz keep they wayz when I'm in the streets wit blake What! My nigga hungry he'll eat the plate And if I ask the homeboy'll eat ya face Yea! And though he got me you can ask I'm like a pool table..I keep the eight (laughing) My side pocket side ways When I pop it leave a nigga sideways fa five days Birdman talk to em [Baby talking] Yeah nigga. I tell em, I'll tell em again shawty if it ain't bout no money get and fall the fuck from 'round me nigga (Fuck dat I'm comin back man. Aye. Aye.) (Lil Wayne verse) Check my swagg I travel like sound dawg You play hard in the gravel like ground dawg I'm underground call me ground hog Lay down laws call em the ground law Dont confuse me wit the law naw But just confuse me wit my paw because I am the Birdman J.R I ain't trippin nigga I play the corner like Ripken nigga Wit the forty cal Ripken nigga rip a nigga Flip ya vehicle split ya windsheild Hack ya baby moma but I'll let the kid live And people say that I am a kid still Cause the lil nigga still ride on big wheels You feelin animal then come on and get killed This hit peel bandanas like bananas Say I'm slight bananas I blow a weekend in Havana In my Gabana wit my bottom bitch from Savannah Man a train could'nt stop ya man I man up and you not a man I stand up say I got my land I'm the man of my land call it Lilweeziana... Thats the new plan [Baby talking] Yeah nigga. You bout some money get at me nigga. Thats the only way Dumb shit we bout that get at me ya undadig. Nigga roll solo. Dolo nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Reel Album: Tha Carter Song: I Miss My Dawgs Typed by: chinnmiami@yahoo.com [Lil Wayne talking] Yea.yea.yea.yea This is the Carter muthafucka, yea And in my building I must keep it real [Lil Wayne] And man I miss the times, we would shine, you would keep on your side You would teach me how to ride and you would teach me how to pry Then we get on the line and go over our lines We were in the same position and that's when you change position, shit I never change and I miss ya, and its strange but I never forget ya Throw that at you and them bitches homie And I know that aint you wit that dissin on me That's why I never replied and never will just let em live phony If ya ever died I swear to God I got yo kids homie Whats mine is their I gotta give homie, and yea We still a army in this bitch homie Yea Cash Money still the shit homie, shit homie Whats really real is you feelin me nigga That Hot Boy shit still in me nigga, word the giggity nigga And I aint got time to speak the history I miss you and I know you missin Gizzle but [Hook: Reel(Lil Wayne)]RepeatX2 Man I miss my dawgs(yea) Many nights club poppin(yea) Many nights we were blowin trees(yea) Many nights we were hustlin(yea) Man I miss my dawgs(yea) Me and you through thick and thin(yea) Me and you through the very end(yea) For only you I was in the game(yea) [Lil Wayne] And I remember when you came to the click I had already made my name in the click, but you got famous and shit I got my solja rag and dangled my shit I was down to just to hang wit you shit And I banged to the boogie bang bang wit yo click And I aint even from the 3(3rd Ward), my hood was angry at me, shit But I rose to my feet, played the post wit the heat At them shows while you performed and posed I was waitin for a nigga to jump, see I was patient but was ready to duck Cuz you my brother chump Real Gs never buckle up But every family aint filled wit gangstas that's real And that's real and I would never turn my back or turn ya down Even if you turned around muthafucka But history is history I miss you and I know you missin me Juve but [Hook]RepeatX2 [Lil Wayne] You was my nigga, my nerd, my joy, my herb My main muthafuckin man Turk My other, my partner, I was teacher, he was father I skilled, he schooled, we chilled, we moved We thug, we hung, we ate, we slept We lived, we died, I stayed, you left Remember how we played to the left And we stayed out of trouble cuz we stayed to our self Member B and Slim leavin, hand the ki's over Tell me not to go Uptown and we went straight to tha Nolia While I watched you reunite wit yo soljas And yo mom and brothers, while I lied to the stunna Yea those were the times my brother Now I recognize real and I honor my brother Yea nigga sub mage my brother, the Sqad's my brother The nigga you left behind is my brothers [Hook]RepeatX2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Baby Album: The Carter Song: We Don't Typed by: rhymerator2001@yahoo.ca * * send corrections to the typist [Baby - talking] Ay shawty, you know what I'm sayin' Some niggaz palms be sweatin' Some niggaz palms be itchy It don't matter, a nigga just gotta get it You know what I'm sayin', nigga We built this shit from the ground up Nigga, The Carter, nigga You what I'm sayin' We been around the world gettin' money nigga We been to every ghetto, every neighborhood Every project, nigga We worldwide hustlas, nigga (Belie' that bitch) You what I'm sayin' Lets get them niggaz, lets ride shawty [Baby] Indictments, got us conspiracy for murders Five young niggaz uptown servants Word, they bird curvin' for servin' Look, the worstest of the worst is shootin' out like they jaws curvin' Bitch, and we was raised in these war times Jail also made men in these hard times And don't cry I'ma get mines so pray for me I'm on the block on the grind, mama pray for me So nigga respect my G, respect my grind Nigga respect how I eat, respect my mind Nigga respect this heat When these niggaz out of line, nigga we dress up and creep Whoa, shawty I'ma blow they whole block Fuckin' with a soldier, mastermind is on plot Third ward survivor, uptown madness Killin' is a hobby, jackin' is a habbit, bitch [Hook] We don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us And then pump 'em make 'em lift up, hit 'em up and be out And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby C'mon, we don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us And then pump 'em make 'em lift up, hit 'em up and be out And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby, c'mon [Lil Wayne] The murder man, picture me lurkin' Right up behind ya curtains nine's squirtin' And you could hear it when it's hurtin' But if I hear him hurtin' I'll walk over and merk him for certain I took over the circus 'Cause I'ma act a clown if you put your feet down on my surface I walk around, fo' pound and surface To spin ya ass around in circles, you urkle Blood run up out ya earth now you purple Your homeboy get it first, but you worst so Now you headed to the skies above And I'm go and get high with ya bitch in the club Yeah, life's a bitch and death's a husband And you gonna have to meet up if you keep on fuckin' up And you gonna have to meet us if you keep on fuckin' up But you don't want see them CMB blood knuckle up [Hook] We don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us And then pump 'em make 'em lift up, hit 'em up and be out And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby C'mon, we don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us And then pump 'em make 'em lift up, hit 'em up and be out And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby, c'mon [Lil Wayne] Shoot him in his head so he remember Because of that mama I'll be gone 'till Novemeber I be back next winter in a hummer on spinners Them niggaz on the block say them boys gon' get 'em But them niggaz on the block don't know the toys who with 'em Tell ya boy come and get me if I go he goin' with me I'm hoping y'all feel me, I told y'all what the dealy Ya open up ya face I'ma open up the semi I open up ya kidneys now ya floatin' up the Missi- Ssippi, river nigga play with deep water now ya swimmin' Silly, you play with me, Carter, now ya missin' Really, I shoot ya in ya head and make you feel it And even though I be the man with the milli's When the shit go down I be the man with the milli's Beef cranberry on the ceilin' This is the Carter, bitch welcome to my buildin' c'mon [Hook] We don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us And then pump 'em make 'em lift up, hit 'em up and be out And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby C'mon, we don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us And then pump 'em make 'em lift up, hit 'em up and be out And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby, c'mon [Lil Wayne - talking] Wish a nigga would say something, gotta Standin right chea guns up boy Weezy F, Birdman Holla back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter Song: On My Own Typed by: ndnsoulja2003@yahoo.com [Lil Wayne] Eagle, eagle carter man In a 96 regal contravan On my way to the east to the laundromat Gotta wash that money and get on my ass Gotta flip them bricks it be gone so fast I got to do something I done blown my last Holla holla at ya boy I be on the ave In dat g pricko is what I am known to have Shit tend to be slow I put on a mask And make it halloween and take all your bags I say hallie hallie hallie why don't you go on and stab And Make these motherfuckers understand Look coach you pitchin' at me under hand But I am a designated hitter I adjust so fast Ya men designing women I am a one woman's man I'm the cash money prince blow the trumpet man They say they want the drugs to stop But I am a major step back when my album drop I got dat wet crack flow out ya mami's pot I got dat I got dat jet black four at ya mami's spot I am trying to get dat dough I demand it now You panic now, you betta pan it down For the neighbors be over here tearing it down This is Weezy F. baby I am crowned the prince [hook - repeat 2X] This is my town, my home This is my crown, my throne, This is me on my own, let's get it on [Lil Wayne] And the hand gun is so included Don't get it confused I want no confusion And keep ya hoe I don't want your contagious I make my hoes stop and let the dough keep moving A bitch over some money is a hungry nuisance Its money over bitches that I'm keep on provin' Its weezy f. I got ya momma cruisin' Outta all the hot boyz she say I am the coolest I brought my bag of oranges, its time to juice it This game is a bitch and I'm try to seduce I floss awful lot and haters tryin' to reduce it Put the laser on the 45 iron, stupid One shot to remind who is the fly lil nigga dat's behind da trigger I am all chronic combined with liquor You will never see me like momma tigger An eighty's baby a fightin' nigga, I got it on my mind like a psychic nigga I am something you call pepper like a viking snake See me over the viking stove I am lighting bricks Or in the middle of the shoot out, I'm tighting clips Pop another one shoot back while lighting spliffs (I do this) You catching my drift representing with my section on my belly and shit I am the prince [hook - repeat 2X] This is my town, my home  This is my crown, my throne This is me on my own, let's get it on [Lil Wayne] So roll the carpet out, cause you fuckin' with a nigga from the royal south See you are either in or you are out  And if you out stay in 'cause them warriors are out Because those vultures, cops, and those lawyers are out So I just open up the gate and let my holliers out No nigga I neva call your house I am probably some where taking Toya out Not answer my phone and ignoring your spouse She leavin' messages about me enjoying her mouth Hey, I am ready to knock a boy in the mouth Give me the name, naw better yet point him out Me and the streets got a joint account I am from the streets that you need to be warned about New Orleans, wodie put the gat in your mouth And if we feed you with a lot of iron it will flatten you out A few roaches but never had no rats in this house Never telling one another leave dat in the house Always been a small hustler moving my packing out If I ever run into some trouble send my savages out These niggaz talking sweet I will get dem cavities out I got graveyard flowers man I am passing them out Hey bitch nigga get ya ass on the ground and bow down to ya majesty now I am the prince [hook - repeat 2X] This is my town, my home This is my crown, my throne This is me on my own, let's get it on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter Song: Tha Heat Typed by: young_kev1@yahoo.com [Lil Wayne talking] Fuck with me, you know what it is [Hook] 2x I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head The heater burner bruisa is on my hip this year I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head I wish a motherfucker would trip this year [Verse One] Dressed in all black and my gun the same color Murder my enemy love thy brotha And I ain't never gave a shit about a motherfucker Hit him up and watch the guts come up out a younga stomach You niggaz better take side with young money, Cash Money You'll get left in your ride crash dummy I'll be around when the times get ugly When the wheels fall off and the tires stop running The magazine empty and the nine stop busting I bang my fist till my palms get bloody Cuz I'm a monsta man I'm gonna find you in my AP nine on jam I'm a rider you can't take it out of me man I be wilding, you can wait by my house for me fam I will fire and drop a hater rite where he stands I'm gonna die with this blazer rite in these hands [Hook] 2x I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head The heater burner bruisa is on my hip this year I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head I wish a motherfucker would trip this year [Verse 2] Twenty-two's, thirty-eight's, forty-four's, forty-five's Tucked in my thirty-eight, mack on my back I am So ready for whateva that awaits me Run up in your place wile you're sleepin await the Calicoes, ak's, Uzi-machines Got ya misplacin your arms and losin your knees I am takin names, so who wanna leave Out this bitch with your brains and your dew on your sleeve? I got the hood with the names of the crew on they t's And I might make a funeral sweep, I ain't bullshitin AR hit ya truck got ya hood flippin Feet by the engine, head by the transmission And I be right where I am mista Me and my damn pistol Me and my girlfriend In this world alone, so bring it on And umma have to sing you this song nigga [Hook] 2x I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head The heater burner bruisa is on my hip this year I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head I wish a motherfucker would trip this year [Verse 3] I got the scope on the tool I can see what you do With a little red dot nigga peek-a-boo Shhh the silence will speak to you Hit you from across the street wile you tying ya shoe Like Bang! Bang! say breathe nigga breath I stand ova the body with the boy in his tee Say Bang! Bang! say breathe deep breath I stand ova the body with the boy in his chest...Clear! Now the boy is a mess and the block in fear cuz ya boy up and left Life is short enjoy what eva's left Before you run into a nigga like me and meet death In less than three seconds I'll pull a three-eighty Three feet from my waist Three inches from your faces Make no mistake Weezy neva hesitate I'll pop till your shit separate like eewww! [Hook] 2x I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head The heater burner bruisa is on my hip this year I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head I wish a motherfucker would trip this year The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter Song: Cash Money Millionaires Typed by: DIRTY_BOY615@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist I keep pimpin I keep pimpin I keep I, I keep pimpin I, I, I keep pimpin (verse 1) I got a bitch in the back, got a hoe in the front One cookin the crack, one rollin da blunt You get pussy and ass from a beautiful broad If you lookin fa that holla at cha boy I'm a m,m, mack mack a p,p, pimp I sp, sp, sp, spit out shrimp I pull up clean I get out limp I walk like (?) I talk like bi, bitch get chere Best playa on my team when I ball women cheer And they love the way I come out wit the gear This jacket these shoes don't come out this year So if you love ya girl don't let her come out this year If you leave her out there then she comin out here And that ain't fair but I don't care I'm a motherfuckin Cash Money Millionaire Yeah! (hook) 2x mix [Lil Wayne] Who you think you fuckin wit [bitch!] Who you think you fuckin wit Who you think you fuckin wit Who you think you fuckin wit Who you think you fuckin wit I'm serious bout this pimpin shit [I'm a motherfuckin Cash Money Millionaire, naire, naire...] (verse) I got 25 dollars on my dresser and if I give it to my hoe she gon bring back mo' Not a.. minute go she ain't gettin that loot And if you ain't got no money she ain't gettin at you I like em sexy high yellow if you fittin that shoot Ooh boo you can come and get in that coupe Take a hit of that fruit get high wit Wayne Fly wit Birdman Jr. wave high to plane Say by to lanes don't buy they game If he ain't scored in the first half bench his ass If you play wit my money I'm a lynch ya ass I'll John Lynch ya shit don't tempt me bitch Oh! Wipe me down cause I'm filthy rich If gettin moneys a crime then I'm guilty bitch And that ain't fair but I don't care I'm a motherfuckin Cash Money Millionare Yeah! (hook) 2x (verse 3) I sit low in the car, sit high in the truck Lay at the front of the plane, lay at the back of the bus Got ladies fa days, got women fa months Leave ya girl at home I made 21 Got that thing on chrome blade 21 Got them thangs inside make me empty one Pull it ova to the side by a pretty one, like Whats good mami come make a cloud yo pillow, come fly wit me My diamond sing, my weed is rap Call me Weezy da king or call me Weezy da crack If pimpin is dead then I'm bringin it back Matter fact it neva died so I take that back If ya shoes too small shawty take that back Cause you gon walk all day till you make that back And that ain't fair but I don't care I'm a motherfuckin Cash Money Millionaire Yeah! (hook) 2x Who you think you fuckin wit....(repeats) Whats really good moma. Its ya boy W.a.e.z.y.F. Baby So high in the sky I'm so fly watch out fa the power lines ya know! Get wit me...One Pimp Daddy! I'm a motherfuckin Cash Money Millionaire, naire, naire... (repeats 4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter Song: Inside Typed by: madara06@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lil' Wayne talking] I came back around, I came back around, I came back around The Carter muthafucka Right now we still in the kitchen man You checkin out them bitches booties right (I know) Yea, but lets move on man, I got plenty more house to shoe to show you man Plenty mo Carter to give you You know, let's go man [Verse] Now let me show you upstairs Got the glass house floor to let me know who up there Look down and you see your reflection You ain't gotta know who down here You just know you protected Hey man, how I don't know you connected Here's a little more fiend let me see you inject it That's right little wode respect this Understand me or get 'cha mammy a death wish Part one, part two, part three All the parts of "Godfather" all a part of me If you, look to the wall ya' see A few, gagged up, tied up scared pricks Got 'em, facin the wall like they was on "Blair Witch" (yea) I ain't, chasin' at all but it get scary 'bout my chips And in here is where I keep the bricks Acknowledge lil' marley in the hallway He got the clips [Lil' Wayne talking] Don't shoot 'em Marley (yea) This my lil' dude marley man He hold me down, know what I'm talking 'bout I'll show you the rest of the house later man You wait right here, I be back CARTER....CARter....carter... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Mannie Fresh Album: Tha Carter Song: Bring it Back Typed by: chinnmiami@yahoo.com * * first single; send corrections to the typist [Mannie Fresh talking] Ladies and Gentlemen People with jobs people without jobs Middle class, upper class, high class all that Cats, snakes, chickens, ducks, elderly people in twerkers I present to you Fresh, Fresh, Fresh, Fresh, Fre, Fre, Fresh Dj Mannie Fresh, Fresh, Fre, Fresh Mannie Fresh, Fre, Fresh Dj Mannie Fre, Fre, Fresh Young ladies Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump Put ya back in back out do the hump Put ya hand on ya knees and bend ya rump Put ya back in back out do the hump [Lil Wayne] Well, I'm fly as a son of gun son of a stunna Yeah, high as a 757 goin to heaven Who, Weezy F. ya reverend, preach about me I'm the god, 1 - 7, Apple & E I'm the Cash Money Mackeveli, yall ain't ready Quick fast like Tom Petty, yall just petty 82 I was born ready, I'm too ready I don't affiliate with baller blockers I'm to heavy Meatball Lamborghini top spaghetti Seats Ragu, 20 the shoe Who me and you got plenty to do I don't need no pool I swimming in you And I sleep with the sharks shawty on that water water And the Beamer ain't hundred-forty mama shake for me And it don't make sense if it don't make that money I'ma take that money, I'm straight Cash Money (young Ladies!!!) [Hook] Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump Put ya back in back out do the hump Put ya hand on ya knees and bend ya rump Put ya back in back out do the hump (Whodi) I bring it back (whodettes) to the bottom of the maps (Whodi) I bring it back (whodettes) to the bottom of the maps (Whodi) I bring it back (whodettes) to the bottom of the maps (Whodi) I bring it back (whodettes) to the bottom of the maps [Lil Wayne] I take off my brim Moment of silence for the homeboy Soulja Slim Frontin round here and get ya back chopped off Wit dough only thing we don't act like yall I say black white balls wit the back swiped off Yall lil busta just a tax write-off I'ma stand up guy not the type that falls We don't breed them kind but they bleed just fine Yeah, Weezy the dime, homie read between the lines If ya can't boy read my nine I'm goin hard in a paint like Diesel time Either I'm the illest cat doin it or these cats is losin it Aww be easy, fall back and be cool wit it If Paul Bearer is moving his dead flow, I'm doin it I'm the shhh naw naw I'm sewerage Weezy F. baby I do's this (young Ladies!!!) [Hook] An old school gangsta, mack like the 80s I look like Cita, act like baby Yeah, you play wit me I react like the navy Or better yet the army you gon need them for me Yeah, and your head is a bleepin target You don't want me to see you wit my peekin Thomas Wizzle Fizzle, I keep in New Orleans Sleepin wit women that sleep wit the Hornets Yeah, a country boy is something foreign Bout a hundred thousand more than what you're in Ya not bout it you freeze up like popsicles Pop up on bicycles, pop yall like spot pimples Yeah, Wizzle fizzle original Hot Bizzle Still Lil Wayne but the dividends not little Don't be surprised how the crown fit him Uh get down uh get down for the young 'Pac footprints [Hook] [Lil Wayne] Best rapper alive since the best rapper retired Best rapper alive since the best rapper retired The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: the Carter Song: Who Wanna Typed by: dirty_boy615@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Somebody call the slick police Capitol W  Weezy Baby  This is the Carter man Rim low all I can see is the flow now let's go! Raj ya bangin 'em in the.. Raj I say ya bangin 'em in the.. Raj I say ya bangin 'em in the head wit this one cut! Weezy Weezy say guard ya face bitch Weezy say guard ya neck bitch Weezy Baby this is the Carter I move it from a eighth to a slab from a slab to a quarter From a quarter to a half from a half to a hard one You do the math it's a horror While I be on the ave gettin off one nineteen for a soft one Bricks I loft 'em catch him he hot If I catch you without my scratch I'm stretchin ya out If you catch me without the burna burn me I beg of you shoot off the leg of you and kick ya in the ass I'm dyin of doom I say I'm sick with cash These eyes are real see straight through ya liquid ass You see me straight through the glass house picnic wagon You could see it by my bitch face she thick with ass Get slick slick I click click blast on ya bitch ass Squad up shit click or smash on ya bitch ass Smash on ya bitch ass Now pick the grass up out ya ass and the caps out ya cap Aye!  [Chorus - 2X] Who wanna fuck wit me tell 'em I'm waitin for 'em Who wanna fuck wit me tell 'em I'm waitin for 'em Who gon fuck wit me I got the blazer for 'em Who gon fuck wit me do you wanna fuck wit me Naw! Hustle boy sell a nick to ya mom I'll sell a brick out ya house I'll sell a brick to a house nigga I'll send a clip to ya mouth back of the gun to ya nose Front of the gun to ya clothes I let it rip and I bounce Lights off young Teddy Pender is out Mask on scare the fuck out ya but ya ass grown I wasnt born with no silver spoon But I can heat it in a spoon and pitch it in a balloon Tomb sittin in ya room sing for me But if ya don't gimmie no tune the semi go boom But if ya dont hear me doe fool the semi go boom  I'm try to make moves but they gimmie no room I takes my space I blaze the haze take ya babe to space She gimmie amazing face I sung Amazing Grace I was once lost but now I'm found Full of them pounds is how I'm found Aye! [Chorus - 2X] Oh! Oh! Bang 'em in da head Whoa! Oh! Oh! Bang 'em in da face Whoa! Oh! Oh! Bang 'em in da neck Whoa! Rim low all I can see is the flow now let's go! I know how to cook so I buy it soft I also sell it soft depending the cost You know thats shells they toss defending they boss They wipes 'em well across ya dentures like floss You know I smell ya talk and I swear I knows bullshit and pussy near or far Ya'll niggaz better gear up for the comin of the boy From a young'n to a boy to young boy boy I dump toys boy at ya punk boy toys Take the pump out the trunk take a chunk out a chump Baby what have I done I created a monster Weezy Baby a gangster no wankster Hell naw I smell ya'll Didnt know Jam Master well but I rocks wit my shells on And the block still a hell zone Get a helmet for you and ya gals dome I suggest! Aye! [Chorus - 2X] Bang 'em in da head whoa! Bang 'em in da face whoa! Bang 'em in da neck whoa! Rim low all I can see is the flow now let's go Bang 'em in da head whoa! Bang 'em in da face whoa! Bang 'em in da neck whoa! Rim low all I can see is ya hoe now let's go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Baby Album: Tha Carter Song: Get Down Typed by: DIRTY_BOY615@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist (Baby and Lil Wayne talking) Weezy What up pop. What up pop Fuck what they heard it's what they need to know nigga (They sayin C.A.R.T.E.R. yep!) Ya feel me. Hey nigga we done built this shit from the ground up now homie Believe that daddy. It ain't no lookin back from here. We too strong (chorus) And thats the only way we get down (We get down) Cause thats the only way we was taught (We was taught) And everything we got we bought (We bought) And real niggaz still shine in the dark (Still shine in the dark yea) And thats the only way we get down (We get down) And thats the only way we was taught (We was taught) And everything we got we bought (We bought) And real niggaz still shine in the dark (Still shine in the dark fuck a law Oh!) Cause thats the only way we get down (verse) I down down a brother we ain't cut from the same cloth you Downy soft Bullets separate ya body compound a busta I'ma find ya if ya hidin I'm a bounty hunter In ya home puttin dick all down ya woman You come home we in the bedroom countin money I bring her home and I fuck her on a thousand hundreds Then I shoot the nasty bitch in the mouth for nothin I say Birdman Birdman whats good today We ain't never let them niggaz take our food away And we recognize real and got a rude awakenin And woke up together and our life was better I'm the Cash Money son I never like fa cheddar Not a rat though hat low Nike is leather Lil maw twist to get my life together Ya bitch meet me at the bar and we night together Cut! (chorus) (verse) Throw my weight like Sherman Klump I gotta hold up my estate like Donald Trump And I aim kinda straight when it's time to pump I bring the pump when it's time to punk Wrapped around my waist like a cumber bun Dont make a nigga pump (clap clap) you up! I come in that new thing she threw up Now yo' bitch ass gotta clean yo' shoe up I'm rich as fuck and I never blew up Buisness mug gotta get my loot up Bet ya bitch get fucked if I ever met her Bet ya ditch get dug you ever step up One by one I push 'em down fat bullet fat head make a pussy sound Hard head soft ass make a gushy ground I'm straight from a crooked town Like that bitch! (chourus) (verse) I give my arms and my legs to the game I'm ahead of the game I dead any mane if he said any thing but it's cool as long as nigga paid when he came And I'm a fool wit the flame and the caine Cut it just a little bit but the drain stay the same yea Young Wayne and the pain and the stain still remain On the chest where the four made a mess yes I'm still here in the flesh 21 year old legend I'ma live way after my death I sacrifice whateva thats left I give ya'll the last of my breath like..(exhales) Write it down take a picture record a copy Press pause only way you stop me fucker I'ma get mine and make you not me Spit wine at ya face if you watch me Bitch! (chorus) And thats the only way we gettin down nigga Cash Money CMB man You already know we here neva left fuck 'em See me if you got a problem boy Im at home all day man. Its not a game Stunna, whats really good wit 'em we ain't neva let 'em take our food away Fresh you nasty on this on dawg. Ugh This one, this is the Carter Beotch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter Song: Snitch Typed by: chinnmiami@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Hook - repeat 2X] Don't let your mouth open up Cuz you don't wanna see the handgun open up, no Don't let your mouth open out Cuz you don't wanna see the automatic open out, no [Verse 1] Aint no snitches ridin wit us Ol mo the mouth niggaz could holla the front Cant no loose slips get on my yacht I leave player haters at the dock, watch And your nigga help ya burn the block As soon as you get hot nigga turn to cop Ya settin up federal appointments now Nigga all in court pointing out Daddy not knowing what he doin his child We gon mail him his finger when he get out, yea Just to show him what we's about Never let shit about G'z leave ya mouth, yea You inside can't leave ya house Two donut lovers to police ya house I sneak past those brothers leak in ya house And put the heat dead in yo mouth, so shut up [Hook - repeat 2X] [Verse 2] Wizzy nigga been bout me Stay low so you don't know shit bout me Make no mistake I'm a veteran at Me never rat mommy taught me better than that Get a gat if you ain't got one already If you do then you ain't got enough get two And you could never get me nigga get you And you ain't got to fuck me girl fuck you I'm rollin wit my goons And I would never roll on my nigga take that to my tune aint no girl came out of mom's wound Real nigga shit muthufucker I'm tuned, and I was taught If a man talk about another man while that man ain't present A man don't listen They throwin brick but they hands is missin Just watch what you sayin sissy [Hook - repeat 2X] [Verse 3] Aint no telling who spillin the earl You telling yo boy he tellin his girl O, Now she telling the world It ain't no secret I'm hotter than etha But I don't neither cop shit neither Either close yo mouth or meet the heater We the dirty south where cocaine cheaper You go up north nigga's boost they fee up This where the real hustlers meet up Look out anybody can be them people Yo own people could be them people No glasses can help you see them people They around too many evil people Detectives wanna get even equal My desert eagle ain't even legal, but sssshhhhhhhh [Hook - repeat 2X] [talking] Yea nigga watch the people around you watch the people away from you Leave them niggaz be let them stay from you These niggaz mouth's is runnin like hot water, I swear to God Real niggaz takin falls like Niagara Tryna stay up like Viagra, but it ain't gon happen These niggaz is best buddies wit the 5-0 team they know the DA by name It ain't a game it used to be one Its like these niggaz got them big ducks in they mouth that the ???? Use when yo bitch get a ???? That's pussy anyway Weezy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Mannie Fresh Album: Tha Carter Song: Hoes Typed by: Taze29@cox.net Hoes, let's just talk about hoes Can we talk about hoes, hoes Hoes, let's just talk about hoes Can we talk about hoes, hoes [Mannie] Let's Go! [Wayne] You gotta talk like a pimp What's good mama, you knew better You'd do better, who better Than that nigga with the crisp white tee Icy white sneaks, jeans to a fitta You do better gettin yo ass off up in that coupe bitch Sit yo ass on that new leather and regroup bitch It's only me you bitch, on our way to tha stoop I'm the Birdman Jr., you ain't know And don't gimme that silly bullshit about you ain't, hoe I move you to my city, put yo ass in UNO I have you looking pretty hit the ave. now get tha dough That Gucci gon fit cha like you posed to be in pictures I got computer love baby Wayne a change ya image You need Wizzy them other boys just gimmicks Me, I'm just game, green, and straight physics, Is ya wit it Yea, I ain't even tryin ta hit it Imma get it when it's time ta get it Let's talk about Hoes, let's just talk about hoes Can we talk about hoes, these hoes I don't love 'em Hoes, let's just talk about hoes Can we talk about hoes, these hoes Motherfuck 'em [Wayne] Ladies and gentlemen, the great Manuella [Mannie] I got this rat named Shelly that love Makavelli Number 5 combo meals and splashin KY jelly I have old school shorty, still drink a forty Grab the mic, start a fight, and fuck up the whole party Baby you should leave, adjust yo weave That's velcro, hell no, bitch go wit Steve I got this lead singer bitch from a popular group I would say her name, but she bought me a coupe Got this super hoe Shawna, smell like marijuana How she dig Lil Wayne, but she love the Big Tymers Got pretty girl Patrice found out I'm fuckin her niece She tried to stab me, so I grabbed her and we called the police Mister Officer, the bitch done lost it bruh She goin to jail, oh well, I be fuckin her See two dyke Spanish twins nuts pressed on they chin Will we go video, well nigga, that depends I got old school bitches and new school hoes Female basketball players with cornrolls And I don't like short-haired girls, no not really If I do, she gotta look like the old Halle Berry Or the broke Toni Braxton, the first Lil Kim But I still take hood rats and work with them Put yo ass in a jag and I drop ya quick Give ya ass a lil game, if ya smirk ya in I'm a pimp, not a simp, like ice in my drink And I don't think twice or blink cause I'm focused Rollin in the whitest mink like I'm polar Bear, yea, let down my hair Get jazzy on a bitch like Fred Astaire Rose gold in her face get her red as glare My Bentley plum, my Mercedes pear I am lookin for a freak, mama take me there, yea [Chorus] 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artists Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter Song: Only Way Typed by: Ms_Montrice@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Baby talking to Wayne] Ay Wayne I know this bullshit that I'm hearing ain't true right Ya feel me These niggaz out here picking bullshit over money nigga But you know what fuck a nigga We gone keep grinding this shoe box is full [Chorus: Baby] The only way we get it only way we know to get it Off the block, off the clip, off the cain nigga The only way we live it only way we know to live it On the grind tote a nine do yo thang nigga The only way we get it only way we know to get it Off the block, off the clip, off the cain nigga The way we live it is the only way we know to live it On the grind tote a nine do yo thang nigga [Verse 1] Well I'm a 17 nigga got that hollygrove in me It ain't coming to me so I gotta go get it You ain't fucking with me I got the hottest flow nigga There ain't nothing to see because I'm not in yo vision On and I'm gone get fed up one day Put lead up in the K Come and hit up where ya stay so Baby momma betta get up out the way Cause the bullet got no heart And the trigger man crazy Little man if a bigger man jumps through Then I'm in the hood with the pump in the truck looking But if you ain't in them cuts or on them benches Im a park the fucking truck and knock yo door off the henges Yes weezy baby flow off the henges So off the tempo no pad or pencil Well let me go back to what men do Throwback Benz purple, Throw back 22's Bitch [Verse 2] Weezy F. Baby hand cocked Demand my cheese Fuck you pay me And I can't stop Please, what you crazy? Man I'm a get it like the man on the chorus Got my hand on a fortune Bang at ya porches, Bang at ya window Kidnapp ya neighbors, torture ya kinfolk And tell the cops I murder the infoer Leave him on the precinct steps in a pillow Niggaz wanna keep they breath then tell 'em get low I got ten left in the tech so what they here fo Nigga you ain't scaring nothin weezy been a tiger in the jungle since a cub With my paws in the mud, yeah me and my paw in the mud Interior mayback like what, Bitch nigga! Its the Birdman and Birdman Jr And he ain't got to his son a shoot ya blah [Verse 3] Homeboy you gotta know that avenue To get off a bag or two or you just passin through True true, and we just passed the truth Passin through the streets of the murder capital Where you think ya own brothers after you So you ain't got no other brother after you Dont let the boys in blue capture you Cause they got pictures of me at it too Its all fucked up Bossman weezy get y'all touched up Gat blacked ya face like ya run into a wall or something Its cash money all or nothing Its Lil Wayne the reverand call it Sunday The congregation know I come with nothing But leave with everything, I ain't come for nothing And the choir know I come with money And y'all know I'm Stunnas youngin like dat bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Jazze Pha Album: Tha Carter Song: Earthquake Typed by: CPTryder1536@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist (Jazze Pha) [Lil' Wayne] [Speak to them Jazze] I [Yea fly guy] I'm way more fly than you [That's right] I'll take your dime from you [That's right] Now she wanna spend all night with me [She wanna wake up with Weezy-F baby] Let me be the one that you roll with too, baby [Throw it back ma, throw it back, throw it back, throw it back ma] I'd like to spend the rest of my night with you [Yea so how bout you, so how bout you] [Lil' Wayne] I'll take your bitch give her back; take your bitch again That's because you throw a 5 I pitch a 10 Now she wanna get inside of me 66 She sees that my wrist is blue and yellow like Michigan She say she love her man she misses him But nobody do it better than her distance dick (me) I'm her long distance pimp When I land my bitches want for me on the strip (yup) And I don't lie I confess, I'm the one who turn that orange vest to a dress Gotta dress to impess though, Gotta stay clean, plus momma in a Lex 4 She with me, what you expect, I live to be fly to death It's the bird man jr. sincerely yours When it rains it pours, when it rain it whores (Chorus) [Li' Wayne] Now why you wanna go do that I can see through that Tattoo right there like I view that Girl what that say, what who that Bet he was lame, bet he Lil' Wayne (no) Cus I'm way more flyer Have you hanging round a bunch of yayo buyers (nop) And not a day go by us, we don't get high than the telephone wires Cut your telephone we riding where phones don't roam they don't even come on You're far from home so leave it alone You creeping with the king of the throne You sleeping in a tee and a thong With your hair in a pony I ain't got no blinds we can stare at the morning (yup) But I can't be there all morning Girl I'm a pimp, I'm going, going, going, gone (Chorus) [Lil' Wayne] I'm Sorry I was grooving Gotta love that laid back Mannie Fresh music But let's get back to what we were doing Laid back in that black on plat Ewing's That's 33 tires he fire These streets ain't papaya ma You gotta keep heat on your side 2 must So I'm a get 3 more and cop you one Wait, naw hun cus you ain't exempt If your ass ever trip I'll give you a clip (yea) But I love the way your jeans suck in your hip And you walk kinda mean how you strut with a dip And you talk kinda clean and you lick your lips But I can't fall for you cus I stick to the scrip (yup) I said I stick to my grip; I stick to my money, that's life to me Sorry honey Jazze (Chorus) [Lil' Wayne] So how bout you yea So how bout you See what I'm talking bout sweet heart you ain't even gotta have John Madden you ain't gotta have Dick Vitale, you ain't gotta Lee Carsole you ain't gotta have Stuart Scott, you ain't gotta have Linda Cohn know what I'm talking bout, you ain't gotta have the staff of ESPN you ain't gotta have ABC staff just to talk sports baby cus I got game Just fuck with the boy and I'll get you a jersey What you want me to put on the back Daddy's little that's right, see what I'm talking bout I can't give you the game but I can show the game and you can see what you see and peek how you peek and get what you get know what I'm talking bout Weezy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter Song: Ain't That a Bitch Typed by: dirty_boy615@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Hey Hey Hey! Because the cops is watchin the streets is talkin Ya hoes is unfaithful ya family ungreatful Ya niggaz aint loyal you niggaz aint lawyers And everybody saw you and aint that a bitch! And this here is the Carter oh! yo! And this here is the Carter yo! oh! This one here is just to clarify the fact that I'm a muthafuckin mack This one here is just to verify the fact that I got straps on my back This one here is just to clarify the fact that the boy is back! Oh! [Verse One] Slick as I wanna be born to be hustla gonna be rich till I'm gone Gonna keep spittin this shit for the hustlaz gonna keep livin this shit I'm gutless Bet I'm gonna reap this when I'm gone defeat this while I'm here Gonna keep beatin this street shit in ya ear Gonna speak in every single street this year  My shit beat in every jeep on every street this year Wizzle F Baby ya'll niggaz can have the Weezy I'm the Birdman Jr. junior I'm a man to another man to a bitch I'm a pimp in the whip I'm a hundred grand And in the streets I'm a money man And I'm a hunt it with the streets I get money in the streets like a hundred men A hundred proof in my other hand  If ever fall spring back like a rubberband know what I'm sayin Because the cops is watchin the streets is talkin Ya hoes is unfaithful ya family ungreatful Ya niggaz aint loyal you niggaz aint lawyers And everybody saw you and aint that a bitch The cops is watchin streets are talkin Hoes is unfaithful ya family ungreatful Ya niggaz aint loyal you niggaz aint lawyers And everybody saw ya and aint that a bitch [Verse Two]  Now all the bitches got me strollin wit my dick in my hand And these niggaz got me rollin with my clip on my hip But this is my land so prick dont trip cause K's dont jam and a nigga dont miss They tellin me I'm the shit like a nigga dont piss But nigga dont slip cause I'll kill a punk bitch Word Up! And I dont affiliate with niggaz I dont love neither bitches just money and drugs nigga Leave ya bitches ya money and drugs nigga Three to ya wisdom five more to ya mug nigga How many more do ya love nigga  cause I got plenty more to give out I aint never been a mouthpiece Ask ya reverend bout me I'm the young God Aim the shotgun at ya frame and bust boy Brain and guts leak in the drain and such pour Plain yuk at a fuck boy. Fuck Boy!  [Verse Three]  I'm a muthafuckin man so respect me as one or the tech meet ya ass son The tech heat ya ass son put ya fuckin chest beneath ya ass son Blooka blook blap bleep ya ass son (laughin) Nigga tryin to see his grandson and we  got niggaz in the pen tryin to see me wit a Grammy Wanna be me and don't even understand me Could'nt see me even if you was standin with me I'm that damn convincing not invisible that mans invinsible And advance a little due to the pine My niggaz call me little Russell Crowe for my beautiful mind And I let you do the time I do the crime When the crowd call my name I bring my crew to the line Nigga thats S.Q. and we fine nigga thats S.Q. and we firrin Nigga! [Chorus] - 2X Ha! Wizzle F Baby fa ya muhfuckin neck nigga Got Streets in da buildin Gotti in the buildin KL, Fee Fee in the buildin Rome, DI, Ceeti... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter Song: Walk Out Typed by: chinnmiami@yahoo.com [Verse 1] And in here is where the heroine boil And I also got a large pot of cigarette or you, that Embalmment fluid illiterate are you That's ok man I got the medicine for you I got, I got, I got the infediment for you Got that vitamin D R U G for your shorty One window to let the dawn in Cuz we hustle in this bitch midnight to morning We dump in and pump out I showed you this window for you to jump out You on the backyard lawn where a nigga got the ganja growin No cats or dogs, rats or snakes, Sams or Jakes Round here its all gravy, ham and steak Mama cookin that up here have a plate That's mama Carter she's a basket case But I make sure her sandwich is a napkins straight You pic wit this picnic and I'm at your face I say I'm at your throat, this was the carter slam the coke, go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter II Song: Tha Mobb Typed by: sinistaboy@yahoo.com Yeah... hard body (hard body) Carter carter Carter yeah Lets go Cash Money Young Money motherfuck the other side They can fuck with us if they want I bring 'em homicide Word to my momma I'm gonna continue bombin Til they gettin out the game it's like comin out of a coma I'm tryin... but I'm normal when this rap shit get borin All I ask is that you pray for me (Please) And the beat keep cryin and I'mma keep beatin her Fee I'm fuckin her I'm deep in her sleep in her And what happens when the reaper come (huh?) I'm just hopin that he sends that elevator up I made enough I ain't meant shit So while I'm here I'mma take that and take this (nigga!) Breakfast yes let's eat wipe ya mouth when ya finished Then hunt for the lunch and dinner no beginner To the criminal activity fuck with them they rushin in Like Seminoles Indians no bow and arrows Harold Just leaners Cheena just choppers Robert Carter II tell me how is you gon stop a riot I lock and seal it up the best I could feel it (yeah!) I'm in the lead I can pop a wheelie (got em!) Not for rookies late bloomers stay in the womb (GO!) I'm here muhfucker make room... BOOM! Young Tune the big kahuna It's my ocean baby y'all niggaz is tuna Better now than sooner junior Fly around ya city try and take another tune ya I ain't goin nowhere special I won't never leave Shit I'm already a legend if I ever leave Game get rid of me? Not little me Man I got 'em I'mma get 'em B (I got 'em B) I'm hungry like I didn't eat I want it like I didn't see a mill before seventeen What the fuck you niggaz tellin me? You pups can't keep up with the pedigree Catch me where the weather be somewhere in the seventies Call myself settling palm trees Promethezine but whats new? Sometimes I can't cut through that rough loop Get fucked so many times til it's fuck you (fuck em!) So how you wan' do it baby we can get it All you gotta do is say it and I'm wit it Money and murder you my nigga my jelly preserver I'mma ride baby til the judge give me a verdict yeah Hear me or heard me I get it and serve it Cuz everytime I did it I hit it and hurt it yeah Now I kill it the mission accomplished The niggaz abolished the bitches astonished Then they pay homage when did they find it but Now that they know it's a must I remind 'em so They don't forget it I underline it and I'm in the sky when the thunder's cryin young'n I been through all that I done done what you sayin I put it down when the others was playin When the jungle was open I rolled in with the riders Stole food from the bears and bought it back to the lions Quote unquote with the eighth I'm a gorilla but lighter Wit the eye of a tiger the heart of a fighter yeah Start 'em ignite 'em I walk through fire Watch the flames start multiplyin whoo! yeah Alter a nigga nina talk to a nigga Take a chunk outcha body like a shark bit a nigga I'm awkward like Cartwright fuck wit a nigga Shot ugly but my arch right come on dog bark bite Fork in the road I'm always goin right Nowadays knowin life ain't no more road lights We can't see but we gon make it to the finish line It's right there the goal line right behind the scrimmage line Touchdown check the scoreboard gimme mines Semi 9 fit me fine hit a nigga twenty times Damn then one more to the face (BOW!) just So they close the casket like I pay to close the case I'm made straight mafia shit front line Top rank ready to die for my shit and the obvious shit If I talk about my robbery they prolly get rich So fuck 'em I'mma let 'em sit And I ain't duckin cuz I'm right here I'm just enough I don't care who at the top of the stairs I'm steppin up See you fuckin up the money baby that ain't good business You startin to look like a witness and this is For the gangstas and the bitches the hustlers and the hoes Crossover whatever mainstream know Cuz Wayne thinks silent Wayne'll never fold You heard it right here if the game was ever told Lift up ya toes and look under a rug Trust me there's history under all that dust So deep down in the dirty there lies us (who?) Yeah Cash Money Records and I'm still up front Stunna pop a bottle baby peel us a blunt Lets eat and talk about all them niggaz we cut What? You know what? Lets not fuck up our lunch Thats real shit if you ever seen such Chuch Tha Mobb nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter II Song: Fly In Typed by: cashvillianbyrd@comcast.net [Lil Wayne talking] So they ask me young boy what you gonna do the second time around How you gon come back I tried to told them I come back like 32 I jump back like 33 (ugh) Hit me it's nothin this is Tha Carter II people This is Tha Carter II people (hey) [Verse 1] They call me Mr. Carter I kissed the daughter Of the deads forehead I killed the father Spilled the heart of a mildew hater I will put them body on chill like gla-ciers Gracias I'm crazy yes it's obvious Going against me is atheist I got my angels on my shoulders and a quarter of that angel dust I ain't sniffin I'm just pitchin ya honor I ain't snitchin ya honor Hate bitch niggaz bitches with power Vacate when the kitchen get hotter I just sit on the counter open the cabinet close the cupboard Put that jar in the skillet drop a 4 in the bubbles I remember being young tryin to hustle my dough Tryin to tell the old junkies that my crack ain't soap Tryin to tell you fool you chump that my mack ain't broke You ain't tryin to see how far that black backlane go No call me pacman you ghosts is blue I got my red river rubies and my oceans blue Jewlery usually I'ma hooligan for the money Yeah I'm eatin but I got a tapeworm in my tummy oh Make harm in the bomb you in public Hit you with the straight arm no warning nothin Look it's mornin no yawnin or nothin I ain't sleep and I'm up tryin to take a nigga lunch You gon make a nigga break a nigga fronts Then shake a nigga shorts and we takin what we want I'm so 5-0-4 you got to kill me here If you ever lookin for me bitch I will be here Cash Money is an army envy seal me here Lot of niggaz ran from it but I'll still be here No chrome on the continental I'm so fundamental Crack the phill' crack the roof and roll up the window And my hood love me they tell me bring it home Thats why I holla Hollygrove on each and every song You leapin at a dog a dog wit no bark Just a bite like an old shark And all you bitch niggaz no par I'm talkin bout stunna He like keep ya door he got ya whole winters Sunshines on the king and sets on the prince I met the birdman and I been shinin ever since like that (echo) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Carter II Song: Money on My Mind Typed by: sinistaboy@yahoo.com Yeah [Chorus 2X with variations] Money on my mind Money on my mind Money on my mind Money money on my mind Money on my mind Money on my mind Money money on my mind So money is all I think of Steppin out the motherfuckin car they in awe I'm lookin like a star bitch when you see me make a wish Holla at ya motherfuckin boy J.R. Birdman my pa bitch ball bred born rich Dear Mr. Toilet I'm the shit Got these other haters pissed cause my toilet paper thick I know but trip and that forty make a chip Out a potato head wimp and like ranch I dip And the hustle was all muscle just strength When it comes to that weight I don't struggle I just lift I got my hand on the game yeah I make a grip Hundred grand in my fist same on my wrist Get key money from a quarter blame it on my wrist I whip coke like hoes nigga I'm a pimp Lil nigga bout to rape the market If we talkin bout money baby now we talkin [Hook: during Chorus] Fuck bitches (3X) Get money (3X) Get money fuck bitches Fuck bitches get money Fuck bitches get money Yeah Nigga get it in a slump if you know how In the heart of the summer we need a snow plow What you know bout that baby its yo time Coke transactions on the phone we call it blowjob Too fast for the feds too cocky for the cops Had to ditch my old bitch gettin sloppy wit the pots Hoppin off the boat meetin papi at the docks He tell me I'm gainin weight I tell him I'm gettin paid Money over bitches I'm yellin it to the grave Developed at a young age go after what pays These Gabana sunshades block the sunrays I drop a car note in the mall on the first day I gotta get it even if its in the worst way That cake like it's it's my birthday New Orleans my birthplace ya heard me Where moneys more important than the person Nigga [Chorus] + [Hook: during Chorus] Twistin up a blunt thinkin bout my next dollar I'm diggin in the game tryna get some money out her I'm so vain its a problem It ain't a stain on these Pradas I'm just bein modest Got me a goddess sure how to divide it She still down and she don't get none of the profit We around the city let the tints hide me Thats a cold muhfucker whoever inside it Forever symbolizing the grind it don't walk to you I make it run like horses do Giddy up baby if you got it then hit 'em up baby I know its crazy but I can't get enough baby I love it I fuckin love it I'm a self made millionaire fuck the public Ridin to myself cause I don't fuck with nothin Pistol on my lap on the way to the money [Chorus] + [Hook: during Chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter II Song: Fireman Typed by: Wes.Larry@xerox.com I'm the Fireman Fire, Fa, Fireman I got that fire I'm hollering I got that fire come and try me and You can spark it up and I'ma put you out You can spark it up and I'ma put you out [Verse 1] Ain't nobody fuckin with me man, Heatman Ski Mask spending next weeks cash, he fast And I don't even need a G pass, I'm past that I'm passing em out now and you can't have that Hear my chain, Toucan Sam that Tropical colors you can't match that Gotta be abstract You catch my gal legs open betta smash that Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at I see she wearing them jeans that show her butt crack My girls can't wear that why that's where my stash at I put my mack down that's where you lack at She need her candlelit and I'ma wax that I rekindle the flame She remember he name It's Weezy Baby January December the same Mama gimme that brain Mama gimme that good Cause I'm the fireman You hear the firetruck I'm the Fireman Fire, Fa, Fireman I got that fire I'm hollering I got that fire come and try me and You can spark it up and I'ma put you out You can spark it up and I'ma put you out Fresh on campus it's the Birdman Jr Money too long teachers put away ya rulers Raw tune not a cartoon No shirt, tattoos, and some walk wounds I'm hot but the car cool She wet that's a carpool Been in that water since a youngin you just shark food Quick Draw McGraw I went to art school Yeah the lights is bright but I got a sharp views Don't snooze Been handling the game so long my thumb bruise Ya girlfriend is old news Yeen got enough green and she so blue yeah Cash Money Records where dreams come true Everything is easy baby leave it up to Weezy Baby Put it in the pot let it steam let it brew Now watch it melt don't burn ya self I'm the Fireman Fire, Fa, Fireman I got that fire I'm hollering I got that fire come and try me and You can spark it up and I'ma put you out You can spark it up and I'ma put you out Ridin' by myself well really not really So heavy in the trunk make the car pop-a-wheelie Who? Weezy Baby or call me Young Baby My money 360, you only 180 Half of the game too lazy Still sleepin' on me but I'm bout to wake em Yep! I'm bout to take em to New Orleans and bake em Yeah it's hot down here take a walk with Satan yeah Come on mama let The Carter make ya Toss ya like a fruit salad strawberry crape ya They ball when they can and I'm ballin' by nature Addicted to the game like Jordan and Peyton Yall in a race and me I'm at the finish line They running foot too long it's time to gimme mine Straight down ya chimney and ya living room is I Weezy allergic to wintertime I'm the Fireman Fire, Fa, Fireman I got that fire I'm hollering I got that fire come and try me and You can spark it up and I'ma put you out You can spark it up and I'ma put you out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter II Song: Mo Fire Typed by: das499@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lil Wayne] + (Jamaican woman toasting in the background) Yea Light [Hook] Mo fire yea, Weezy, mo fire yea mo fire yea, give 'em mo fire yea [Verse 1] I diddy bob, my fiddy cocked, my city hot, I'm dodgin the city cops I play 'em like pitty pat, shit, I'm kickin back, yea, these bitches is really rats I fuck 'em and give 'em back, I really mack, yea, how real is that you love 'em you really wack, I hustle and bend my back my muscle is intact, my bicepts and tricepts is ah yes! [Hook] [Verse 2] I come at you, yea, its somthin new, the color is smurf blue I'm puffin that purple believe it if a talk it I walk it like Hershel I get it like getters on the commercial, first two this is verse two, it is worst to, ill murk you, like I birthed you you niggaz small bubbles, ill burst you, then spit you out and have your girlfriend slurp you, my jewlery earth blue, some say its earth green I'm like whutever my shit mean and obscene now I've been seen on a lot of different scenes That mean I got a lot of different cream [Hook] [Verse 3] I raise mo fire to the man up higher I lick a shot to let him know that I'm a rider yea, my dreads hang to let him know that I'm a lion represent the jungle when the others just trying I rpresent my mother like baby stop cryin I know my pops will come but guaranteed he'll see us shinin, now you are lookin at New Orleans finest now you are being blinded by European diamonds and you will see it two or three time and Got your vision all fucked up now you can't even find me And I ain't even hiding naw, I'm right here baby she wanna walk with me, I'm like yea baby Mighty man with the shotty to his head Rockabye his ass to sleep rock it lay him down to bed I put you in my pocket right next to the condoms homie you ain't nothin but a profit [Hook] - repeat variations to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter II Song: Best Rapper Alive Typed by: ynghollywood@yahoo.com [Verse 1] Bring the crowd and I'm loud _In Living Colour_ It is Weezy fuckin' baby got these rappers in my stomach Yumi, I'm takin' it I ain't asking them for nothing If you sell a million records we can battle for ya' money I rather count a hundred thousand dollars on a sunday Watch a football game and bet it all on one play Still stuntin' baby yes I'm still flossin Latest car on the market wit the top peeled off it Big wheels make it look a lil bulky You look a lil salty have ya' self a chill coffee Chill out the girls is still out Even though I am a boss and got papers to fill out I'm busy I got paper to reel in God I hope they steppin' at the end of my rod And I hope I'm fishing in the right pond And I hope you catchin' on to every line Who am I? [Hook] The Best Rapper Alive (4x) Swagger right (check) game tight And they gon R-E-S-P-E-C-T me (who) The Best Rapper Alive (4x) Swagger right (check) game tight And you should be afraid be very afraid [Verse 2] The heart of New Orleans Thumpin' and beatin' Livin' and breathin' Stealin' and feedin Peelin' and leavin' Killin' and grievin' Dearly departed erased deleted No prints no plates no face no trace Out of sight out of mind No court no case Sell his chain celebrate block party second line Zulu ball essence fest jazz fest mardi gras Shorty bounce body rock Now he drop now he got Family cry tell the feds tell the cops Smell the rat comin' back to the house To the spot tap tap knock knock who is dat (Pow!)trigga man hoodie man tell the kids Boogie man pistol pete ammo mammal gun man blum blam! Damn Sammie you dun' fucked up Pussy ass niggaz put ya' nuts up Just call me [Hook] [Verse 3] Fuck up wit all these rookie MCs (whew!) smell like a bunch of pussy to me Fuck Em! Fuck 'em good fuck long fuck 'em hard Fuck who? Fuck 'em all (yeah)like dat jus like dat I'm on dat money train and the mac'll knock 'em off track The quarterback well protected from the +Warren Sapp+ The young heart attack I spit dat cardiac You can't see me baby boy you got dat catorax I'm right here straight out the hood jus like an alley cat Since everyone's a king where the fuckin' palace at Me I got calus on my hand I can handle dat Its no problem baby I so got 'em Its just a victory lap baby I'm jus joggin' And I ain't even out of breathe the motherfuckin' best yet sorry for cursing Who? [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Kurupt Album: Tha Carter II Song: Lock and Load Typed by: pimpinmandan@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus] 2x We won, we won And then we shot that BB gun And they lost, and they lost Til we took they shit, now its time to floss [Verse 1] 22 year old 17 war vet Life in the fast-lane, little red corvette Little red handkerchief, hangin out the right side Back pocket jeans fallin, Couple my evisu signed Yep we do shine, and they gon' hate But they hated Jesus baby we won't break So we ride like 4 Pirelli's So secured no security, no protectin no comparing Lok and heavy, Ocean 11 Aviators, both tickers, so figures No playas, I'm Holly Grove to the heart Hollygrove from the start Don't cross Earhardt Boulevard where the ward I come from 171 shot, never that (blum blum) Brrrt Brrrt! Pop Pop! Clap Clap! What the fuck, Hollygrove stand up Nigga! [Verse 2] Get 'em get 'em Weezy hit 'em where you kill 'em easy Sit 'em in the river, leave em, they find 'em tomorrow evening Sinkin or probly drinkin that syrup Thinkin I won't slip, even though I'm leanin like a broke hip He don't know I got the nina wit the 4 clip Thats a somersault back spin full flip for ya? Push this button, I flip out and hit something Miss nothin I'm just bustin until this scene clean 12 hundred for the jeans stop playin Hundred dollars for the glock in my pants Who the man? I am when I stand with it pointed right at ya face Knock the brains from the back of ya neck for lack of respect I- strap a jet black gat 'til the deck Tell the mama to bury me with that, No Bullshittin' My hood getting kinda crazy where I be So Ronie's with me cuz he's the OG [Verse 3] Fresh out the back seat of the figgity phantom The haters I make 'em mad 'em when I wave at 'em like what up?! If it ain't about money I keep goin I tryna get that green, niggaz tryna mow my lawn But Fuck, them boys I got the shottie on my arm If them boys run up I leave their bodies on the lawn And Duck the fuck out a there, cuz baby its hot out there If this was a movie it's time to roll the credits, cut! Its all over, all of ya brains is all over the motherfuckin' block! I'm a motherfuckin' rock! Hard body eagle street 17 shots Night vision double-clip, hot steady beam, glat! Pop! Drop little man drop This is not for little bitches you man or a fox I'm layin in the drop, thinking of more money Cash money, young money Take money, your money The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter II Song: Oh No Typed by: limajor21@hotmail.com [Intro] Oh No, No, Oh No, No Oh No, No, Oh No, No, Oh No, No I play the bullshit from the backseat champ Yea I'm in the backseat still got the seat back Feet back stay from where the fake be at Niggaz snitch for the shine where the patience at Nigga make his own brother face his back Give love and take it back Good grief man this world is quite heavy on my aching back Cops killing for crack you know the story snakes eat rats Face the facts you can't change him can't shoot it if you can't aim it Can't miss him if he kill you then you can't blame him That's just how the dice roll when you can't fade him Get too deep up in that water and they can't save ya Me I come out of that water like I was just bathing And watch my step on a wet pavement Yea I'm from the hood so I rep 'em where I can't take em Holly Grove Holly Grove was his last statement So nigga get that look off your face And recognize you got a crook in the place They call me W-E-E crooked letter Y I'm so high I skeet skeet in any nigga dime like she's mine Streetsweeper in the back of the hatch make me pop the latch Leave you bloody with the cops to match Bullet holes in ya from the chopper blast Like... Ha ha That's bullet holes in your sneakers got you hoppin back It all stop when they hit you in ya top and back No cocking back silly motherfucker you ain't heard bout this The clip sink down to the dick That's a automatic shotty from a drum they call tommy Garunteed to get you bitches from by me When I hit every piece of ya physical body he leakin' Mortimer is no longer leapin' he sleepin' While you pussy niggaz is sleepin he thinkin Deep in thought the boy ain't even linkin Bob Marley got me stinkin Stackin figures I'm standin firm life's a slinky Pipes is filled with crack cocaine And the dope go inside of the veins from where I came Though I bear a name only one call live with Coach they won't knock me off my pivot forget it I'm sicker with it Pick a city buy a condo find a fine hoe let some time go chill What you know about a bongo having her mind goOver a convo about dough Nothing! Man the four wheelers look so good on the sand Tee or tanktop pocket fan Pocket knife no handgun in sight Just that rat tat tat tat tat tat tat tat BOOM! Ha ha tonight I might just boost my feature price Cuz to each its own and the lights is bright And I'm feelin like Mike at a Tyson fight I'm from Cita house big momma's house She told me to shoot ya right after I knock ya out And he ain't gettin up after them shots if you hit him in the right spot Hold up the beat might drop [Outro] Oh No, No, Oh No, No The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Currency Album: Tha Carter II Song: Grown Man Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Lil Wayne] Chea What's up baby? I ain't tryin to do nothin but get my grown man on Heh I ain't tryin to hurt chu Only if you want me to Hehe Yeah something like that [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] Yeah What's happenin baby I'm Lil Wayne from New Orleans Fresh out the Navy now the captain of my own team Hop in this machine, vanish from the scene God damn it I'm so manish, handle it like a standard So put your panties and your pants by the trashcan Grown man on the floor plans, We hold hands while we rollin Just trying to keep up with the program, Just tryin to sneak up on ya Like how you doin, ma'am? I'm an old soul and a young man We got to it and we didn't stop til the birds hit the block And she ain't never had it like that hahaha [Chorus: Lil Wayne] + (Currency) Girl, you are so fine I wish that I could get you over here girl Tonight so I Could get my grown man on with you You are so fine I wish that I could get you over here girl Tonight so I Could get my grown man on with you [Background of second time] (You don't know bout it, I'm on my grown man x4) [Verse 2: Currency] Now I don't really hit the club but tonight I'ma make an acception But for some reason, I can't seem to keep my eyes out your direction I'm looking at you so hard I could probably catch a charge Feeling the way that you walk, when you move, your booty applauds Damn, I gotta keep my composure Gotta attack my mission, handle business like a solider Young man, young money, but the money long Currency Tha Hot Spitta so grown And your perception of me is so wrong Don't worry bout what you heard bout me and them other birds Mighta done a little dirt and left a few of them hurt But whatever has occured they all got what they deserved And you don't rock like them, I can see it in your eyes If you ain't good for me then you wearing a disguise Cause tonight, you looking like miss right And I'm susposed to be a playa for life but I'd change for ya [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] You ain't no woman You a baby girl living in a ladies world And I'm a grown man, the women understand See what I go through is what I owe you So you should throw that ass back to me right now Yea Fly boy, baby sit back relaxin Cruise with a nigga, destination satisfaction Who says their baby, she say weezy fuckin baby I say yes in fuckin deed, she says don't you ever leave I say, I say but I got money on my mind Then I tell her nevermind and we do it one more time Hehe, For a large amount of time Long, it won't stop til daytime come home [Outro: Lil Wayne] Damn, look, heh that, oh that right there That's the sunset girl Get your visor Where's those chanelle shades I got you You always losing things And I'm always buyin new things heh I've come a long way, I remember Remember that block Look at you, you think you all grown You ain't no woman You a baby girl living in a ladies world And I'm a grown man, the women understand See what I go through is what I owe you And you should throw that ass back to me right now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter II Song: Hit Em Up Typed by: big_reese1@yahoo.com [Verse 1] I tried to talk to him Quit talkin, I'ma hang ya by your tongue, Yea Any motormouth could get hung high We don't fuck wit niggaz like fungi We don't even hear ya Hollerin bullshit nigga quit the diaherra Pistol lie inside of the armrest, um yes Lay a nigga down in his own mess, don't mess Playa fuck around wit the homeless, charmless You can leave out here armless, no homies Honest, you niggaz is harmless I'm calm as a Don is supposed to (be) Costa Nostra, don't ever approach him Don't get close to him Shootouts and nothin but rock n roll to him Leave your blood on the dash, call it rose wood 'Nother murder, 'Nother page out the notebook It ain't nothin it don't make it if you no good I tried to talk to him, but then a nigga had to Hit 'em up, Hit 'em up I ain't even wanna hit 'em up really, I was tryna be calm But, uh, that chopper Rrrot, put his head in his arms And man, I tried to talk to him, I tried to talk to him Hit 'em up, Hit 'em up I ain't even wanna hit 'em up, fuck it make a nigga get loose He had too much talkin, not enough Deuce' I tried to talk to him, I tried to talk to him Hit 'em up, Hit 'em up I ain't even wanna hit 'em up hit 'em up I ain't even wanna hit 'em but I hit 'em up (*Gun shot*) I tried to talk to him, I tried to talk to him [Verse 2] Y'all take them shoes off your teeth Stop runnin your mouth No shoes, no feet, I'll run in your mouth I'll come to your house, me and my goons Loadin up bangers, ridin under the moon Throwin up fingers sayin "My side rule" If a nigga disagree, ask him "Must I prove?" That Maybach coupe a cock-eyed fool And I'm "in it like Bennet" hoe, aren't I cool But if that thermostat switch and that needle move Then the attitude switch and the heat'll move I got that, Shakita banana, clip for the tool Me the disaster, pity the fool, eat a catastrophe Swallow the truth, belch reality How does it taste, Pie to your face, You a bitch nigga All pussy, stop comin out your lips nigga I tried to talk him, but then a nigga had to (Chorus) [Verse 3] Real talk boy, chill wit the talk boy That tommy gun'll tear your neighborhood apart boy Yeah, leave your feelings in your heart boy Start with the wrong boy, you end wit a stone boy Wit your friends, to carry you alone To a concrete mattress and a fluffy tombstone Fuck discussion, I ain't in to it boy I just get to it, let's do it, rip through a boy Big uzi, tissue the boy I'm inside lookin out, you just an intruder boy You need sooches on your smooches boy But, I tried to talk to him, but then a nigga had to The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter 2 Song: Carter II Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com [Intro] So you made it this far, Heh We upstairs, I let you up here You special, Marley, don't shoot You know what this is? Still The Carter 2 people x2 Yeah, you still in the carter 2 people Hey yeah [Lil Wayne] All I have in this world is a pistol and a promise A fist full of dollars, a list full of problems I'll address them like P.O. Boxes Yeah I'm from New Orleans, the Creole cockpit We so out of it, zero tolerance Gangsta gumbo, I'll serve 'em a pot of it I'm wealthy, still fuckin wit that block shit Wet your ass up, head to feet til your sock a drip Don't strip, you might fall and bust your ass No snakes at the carter, tell the gardener to cut the grass I hear 'em but they talking under mass Stop throwing pebbles at a bulletproof glass That's Cash Money, honey pie We ain't runnin, we don't hide sayin fuck the other side Don't get caught on it, this the dailiest grind I'll put your heart on it and walk on it The chalks only for the art homie How they trace ya after I erase ya Look around, we at war and you still in preparation I'm riding for them reperations, No patience Slow paper is better than no paper Fast money don't last too long, you gotta pace it You gotta know that paper If you got it from a caper, you gotta blow that paper Gotta know that photo fobia, no kodak moments Feds walls with my pictures on 'em Nah, I ain't even in the school yearbook I don't do too much posin, got a cool killer look Career crook, get your career took I'm back like a brizeer hook Bitch cheer, camoflauge gear, the hunter's here Better play it by ear, you ain't nothing but a deer Around here and this here is The Carter Serve it while it's hot out the pot to your mama And Slim tell me ain't nobody hotter But get your boys some different sauce, I want the whole enchilada I got 'em by the collar, watch me drop 'em On the head at the bottom You ain't gotta shoot 'em cause I already shot 'em And I ain't gotta get 'em cause I already got 'em Get 'em The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Carter II Song: Hustler Musik Typed by: konshus@gmail.com You already Know (*4X*) [Lil Wayne] God Damn Nix gonna hit a nigga in his head with this one I'm a paint the city red with this one I'm ahead with this one See you fucking with the boy with two toys way before Christmas No assistance just that persistance with that commitment if I don't get it somebody gonna die tonight I know my vibe is tight and I deserve the throne and if the kid ain't right then let me die on this song See I be riding just riding alone With my daddy on my mind like you gotta be kidding How the hell you ain't here to see a prince do his thing somtimes I wanna drop a tear but no emotions from a king Shall be So I be who I be That's me That's Weezy F Baby and Please say the motherfucking So I be who I be that's me That's Weezy F Baby and Please say the motherfucking [Hook] Baby you gotta know I'm just out here doing what I gotta do for me and you and we eating so bitch why the fuck is you trippin' I'm taking these chances My head to the sky My feet on the ground My fingers to the judge if the money don't move Then I won't budge won't budge No I won't budge no Lord [Lil Wayne] Money is the motivation Facing the avenue Back touching the wall Got the weed got the gun Gotta run when I hear the bird call (Dad) Hop in that thing and merk off Swerve off You know me they call me Birdman Junior Anybody murderer if Birdman sponsor it Phantom of the Oprah All black crop tent locked in I can let them shots out you can't get no shots in Bulletproof Leave a nigga with a bullet-roof Shoot ya' in your mouth Leroy They call him bullet-tooth I'm like What it do What it do There's a full court pressure I'm just going for the two If I'm open for the three I'm a take it in a second Even if theres one second I'm a make it it's nothing I don't take it for granted I don't take it for nothing I'm a take it for what it's worth to the dirt motherfucker Yeah [Hook] [Verse 3] I ain't never killed nobody I promise And I promise if you try me he goin' have to rewind this track And make me go back That thing will go ratttttttt That boy will lay flat So flat that Act is what I preform amongst you haters Got Nina in my palm and I'm masturbating Black Peter Pan fly till I die, what you saying Bathing Ape, Eve Saint, Evisu what I stay in And got me feeling like Scarface Like the Cohiba Streets reply I look right in a four-seater You know I be out here right in a four-seater Top Floor of the four seasons Four of them whores And they all know how to cook it up and look I got some And only one know how to bag Bitch bundle up See it's a cold world So homie bundle up We ain't on this grind for nothing So get your hustle up [Hook] - 2X [Lil Wayne] Man Man This be that hustler music Young Weezy got that motherfucking huster music y'all So ride to it y'all And vibe to it y'all I'm asking y'all please please Weezy got the huster music Young Weezy got that motherfucking huster music so ride to it y'all vibe to it y'all vibe to it y'all shhhhhhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter 2 Song: Receipt Typed by: BreezyDaBest@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] It's kinda hard sayin this shit to ya face So I do it over snares and bass Music take me away [Verse One] young boy, I know you love me like you never loved you know you couldnt find a better thug and uh, you been peepin me since I was younger so young that you even called me your little brother but I'm all grown up now I got my own money I'm married and divorced and my daughter is a woman and guess what? my daughter want another sister or a brother and you lookin like a mother I took you from a clubber to a lover and you took another bitch husband the other bitch wasnt doin shit for him she say she did too much, I say she did nothin she need to quit frontin I havent hid nothin and you love everything cant hide ya feelings, can't let my pride conceal it you got Wayne, I charge it to the game and baby you can keep the change, but... [Chorus: Lil Wayne] I gotta hold on, hold on to my receipt to redeem your love, that's exactly what I need (It's kinda hard sayin this shit to ya face So I do it over snares and bass Music take me away) - 2X [Verse Two] Destiny Child CD, song number three she cater to me till we fall asleep then we wake up and we pick up where we started then she make a nigga breakfast (?) and she on stage waitin for me after my show so no time for groupies, straight to the top flo' fresh out the shower, a smile and a towel then after an hour, she gon need another shower I'm at home or in the coupe or in the office or the streets or in the booth, thinkin bout you and, most of the girls that come by are cute and they try to holla but they all on mute and, my old girls turn they face up at me and, they thrown they purses and they make up at me cuz you got Wayne, I charge it to the game and baby you can keep the change but... [Chorus - 2X] [Verse 3] come home smellin food on the stove she done cleaned the whole house washed the dishes and the clothes and we out we do it just how we supposed look good for the public leave the drama in the Rolls Royce, choice of car dat we move and she can (?) some time cause I'm always doin it you hear them hallways we always doin it work cut, always feel like the first one perfect, when a nigga stressed off dat work shit take away all the pain, make it lesser than dirt that's why you got Wayne, I charge it to the game and baby you can keep the change but... [Chorus 2X] [Outro] It's kinda hard sayin this shit to ya face So I do it over snares and bass Music take her away The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Robin Thicke Album: Tha Carter II Song: Shooter Typed by: junooni_@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne] Yea, yea, yea Weezy baby y'all, don't get shot Rappin' fire, what you know about it I brought my homie along for the ride He strapped, he came here to come out the barrel [Robin Thicke] I heard some shouts like "Down on the floor" Then even louder we got shooters, shooter I turn around, I was starin' at chrome Shotgun watches door, got security good Jumped right over counter Pointed gun at, wink, he tell her I'm your shooter, shooter, shooter My hands up, my hands up They want me with my hands up Oh, shooter (2x) [Lil Wayne] I think they want me to surrender But no, I can't do it (2x) So many doubt 'cause I come from the South But when I open up my mouth, all bullets come out Bang! Die bitch nigga die I hope you bleed a lake I'ma play x-ray, helpin' y'all see the fake I'm just tryin' to be the great, tryin' to get a piece of cake Take it offa your plate, eat it right in your face They got a whole lot to say but I don't listen Call me automatic Weezy bitch I keep spittin', pow [Robin Thicke] + (Lil Wayne) With all these riches and, all these riches But ain't no loaners around They thinkin about shooters that-shooters that Guns-Girls-Ladies that-Gunners that Shoot shoot shoot shoot shooter Put my hands up They want me with my hands up They want me with my hands up Oh, shooter [Lil Wayne] + (Robin Thicke) But I'm not I just cry mama, I think they, hey Me think they want me to surrender (Shooter) And to the radio stations, I'm tired o' being patient Stop bein' rapper racists, region haters Spectators, dictators, behind door dick takers It's outrageous, you don't know how sick you make us I want to throw up like chips in Vegas But this is Southern face it If we too simple then y'all don't get the basics [Robin Thicke] Lady walks into a shotgun surprise Dropped to her knees saw her life before her eyes He said "Bitch is gonna get it", everybody gon regret it I'm your, shooter My hands up, my hands up They want me with my hands up Oh, Shooter (2x) [Lil Wayne] + (Robin Thicke) Me won't surrender, me no pretender Sock soakin' wet I been runnin' y'all I reload, every hundred yards I'm comin' forward Better know me, Lil Wayne just call me lord Hard, take pain like Tylenols, raw Way past par, for, I'm some shit you never saw I take you to the shootout baby win lose or draw And then they ask who when where how And, my reply was simply pow! Mama, I think they, hey, me think they want me to surrender (Shooter, my hands up, my hands up, they want me to surrender) (2x) No, me won't surrender, no, no I promise no surrender I got my burner And I'm your shooter The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Nikki Album: Tha Carter 2 Song: Weezy Baby Typed by: number_1_hot_boy@hotmail.com Yeah... ma gurl get in at 1:15 am The guitar's cryin right now Just a couple things goin on in my life, you know [Verse 1] Brim leanin, cup tilted, blunt flickin Get money, fuck bitches Young Weezy, young pimpin, she love it I keep goin, she keep cumin, what you know bout it So bout it...like Master P... but no coward No I am no Howard the duck duck Lead showers, black flowers Black dresses, two hours, closed casket Ma dough tactics is so crafty No laughter, I do that after I get the dough bastards I get the dough faster, what if I flowed faster Like... oh Nancy the flow's plastic, automatic, I'm More drastic, ain't no names compared to me Who are you, where are ya, I can't see, ya air to me Ya not there to me, I ain't fuckin wit you bitch niggaz I'm fuckin ya sis nigga, it's Weezy [Hook - Nikki] If you don't call him Weezy Then you must say the baby If you don't say the baby Then just don't say it at all [Verse 2] I'm... slick as an old mac, I'm... sick as a prozac And... the Carter 1 was the... dick for you hoes trapped And... this is Tha Carter 2 and... this is the bozack Diggin you hoes back, quick if I blow back Got it... gone Rabbit Fast ma daddy's Rabbit at home What up pa (what up), what up Pac (what up), what up Pun (what up) What up Big (what up), what up Solja As the streets get colder I get chillier What up Left Eye (what up), what up Aaliyah (what up) Teck 9 close by touch 'em up I shoot niggaz in the mouth boy pucker up Sweet sucker tash gee golly what the fuck Where the hell all these new pussy rappers come from I chew 'em up like bubble gum... yum yum Young Weezy so troublesome, what what [Hook - Nikki] If you don't call him Weezy Then you must say the baby If you don't say the baby Then just don't say it at all [Verse 3] I ain't talkin fast you just listenin too slow I'm... gettin them Benjamins Can serve like the Wimbledon If I'm in any predicament, nervous never that Got a gat to knock whoever back back, very flat Chest... caved in, mess on the pavement Splat... cherry wax, rrraaahhh... bury that Rats... scary cat, rrraaattt carry that Hollygrove trigga man guns in a knapsack Area code five zero four, I ain't Nino fuckin Brown And... this is Tha Carter ho, this is a quarter stick This in ya garter ho, leave out the back and go straight to the corner store Return with the cake, come wit all ma dough And if not they find you in a lake in the mornin ho Weezy Baby please say the baby If not, don't ya motherfuckin say it at all, bitch [Hook - Nikki] If you don't call him Weezy Then you must say the baby If you don't say the baby Then just don't say it at all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Birdman Album: Tha Carter II Song: I'm a DBoy Typed by: mootwo@gmail.com [Lil Wayne] Yeah Ok I'm strapped Get 'Em Black Hat, Black Shades, Black Diamonds Oh Behave No he can't with the fuckin seats back Got the paint job tho And the fuckin seats cracked I'm a d-boy Bitch I'm a d-boy Ho I'm a dopeboy I got the scope in the rov for them jackboys I got money in my pocket I got money in my block I got the money in the power I'm a d-boy Bitch I'm a d-boy Ho I'm a dopeboy I got the scope in the rov for them jackboys I got money in my pocket I got money in my block I got the money in the power I'm Gone [Lil Wayne] Thinkin' of a masta plan I get money but I'm thinkin of a fasta plan I'm tryin' to cash it in I got 5 in thet garbage can and the Wrap Saran I need cash advance See I know three sold The other two a jam I'ma sit on one and whip the other one much as I can Hot ass fuckin sadan Windows rolled down no sound Them bricks got the speakers drowned I ain't listenin for shit but sirens I ain't tryin to get to my ships sunk fuck you pirates I'll touch you cowards It ain't nuthin to a boss The niggaz in the hood tryina floss and ya head gotta cost nigga Take a loss nigga SS five five all black with the top chopped off dat Catch me in the spots where the shots pop off at I ain't tryin to prove nuttin I'm jus tryin to move somen [Baby] See we cookin' up a thousand grams I'm in the kitchen over the stove with pots and pans Triple color with the platinum jam 50 birds homeboy in the back of a van A hundred grand in rubberbands We got them birds in the coffee cans We got the whips wit the extra clips Got bitches outta state niggaz flippin them bricks Been in the caddy been in the alley Nigga been on the block Right in front of mrs gladdies (?) Nigga know bout hustlin' Know bout stuntin Did the curb servin shyned every summer (Biatch) Been on front, been in the back Nigga roll wit ducktape and ride wit the mac We see these haters like fuck them niggaz We made men millionaire hustlin our nature [Lil Wayne] 8 AM open my eyes Yeah kick my bitch tell her open the blinds And I'm, over the stove at 9 Yeah I'm cookin breakfast for the block then I let her cook mine Yeah quick line in the bathroom before we bounce Not me I mean her she go a day a ounce (damn) Y'all pray for her While I'm at the bus station in the Bently sittin' low as I wait for ya I'm gettin' dough I'm a paper---boy I will take ya For the right paper--boy I will take her Shake her--tape her--waist up Send her to the money she be back before I wake up Get cha cake up Y'all niggaz lame ducks Ya prolly get ya game up when I'm givin the game up My name wayne what Hot boy flame up You niggaz tryin to change up and I'm gettin my change up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Carter II Song: Feel Me Typed by: kelpiboi38@yahoo.com (Woman) So Lil Wayne, what's your motivation? (Wayne) Is that really a question? Do you really have that written down in your notepad? You should be ashamed of yourself. You smell me girl, I smell like money See, that's what they don't understand, to me, it was always get money or die I come up under Birdman, Number One Stunna knowhatimean? I'm Stunna Junior, and that's all I know, that's all I ever knew Get money or get nuttin, knowhati'msayin? And I feel that way, forreal So hard I go, I keep pushin The games so crazy, I'm in it like deep pussy I got chips, I'm tryin to get the whole cookie Used to make a thousand dollars every time I played hookie (YEA!) Dwayne Carter absent, keep lookin I'm present on the block, I'm a legend on the block (YEA!) Ice so bright, like heaven on the watch Yea nigga I done dropped one eleven on the waaatch (ugh) So waaatch and see what I do Breeze by ya so fast, gotcha sneezin, hachoo! They got the shivers, man I got the fever I gotta bring the hood back after Katrina! Weezy F Baby, now the F is for Fema Sick nigga, bitch I spit that leukemia (Bitch!) Yea, no cure, no help So me, so good, so hard, so felt, FEEL ME! (Wayne) And that's just my point right there that's what I'm always tryin to stress, knowhati'msayin? If you don't understand me, if you don't feel me then you ain't real, in my eyes And that's all that count to me, you know? (Woman) So, is your music considered the voice of urban America, or America period? (Wayne) I mean, I would say, the voice of the hood, cause that's who I speak for And myself, knowhatimean my family, that's who I represent My homies, my girl, my life, ya know? Bang this shit, nigga, pump my shit Gotta bang that wimp, and go and dump that bitch You gotta go and claim that strip and go and flood that bitch You got aim that shit and straight bust that shit Like muthafuck them niggaz, what they wan do, I'm ready Tethered camo, no homo, black Rambo Fuckin wit the boy, baby that's a gamble If we were in Vegas, leave 'em on the crap table I'm willin and I'm able to come and run up in ya stable Like nobody make a sound, where the paper, where the paper? Gotta get it, gotta have it once I got it, I'ma spend it He's back from doin any damn thing just to get it The re-ups be like birthday party No room to park the cars in the garages So outside the cribs all you see is the roggies If I ain't say it right, fuck it, I ain't foreign FEEL ME! (Wayne) Ya see, that's where everybody get me wrong, knowhatimean I got that heat rock, forreal (Woman) Why do you think that other rappers lack the impact of your music? (Wayne) That's because they ain't got that heat rock like me, knowhatimean? They ain't spittin like me, they spittin, but, knowhatimean, they ain't got colds I got the flu over here man, forreal, I need relief. Ya'll help me, forreal (laughing) I know y'all sick of me, cause I'm tired of y'all, forreal And based on the bank, I'm doin much better than a lotta of these niggaz I'm tired of these niggaz Yawnin when I see em', make me stretch and pull the burner I'm cockin back and passin, they catch it 'em in they sternum Ohhh ohhh, that gon prolly burn ya That gon prolly learn ya, to never ever ever (What?) Ever ever ever, come around here no more Rich gangstas over here, you gotta die when ya broke BITCH! I'm the God, I should ride wit the Pope But the boy's so hood, I just ride wit my ho (YEA!) Yea, and tell about Hollygrove Tell about my last show, tell about my last ho You know, just born to mack Call me Deion Sanders bring the corner back (YEA) I'm in my prime, niggaz fallin back That's right, I'm comin baby, yea, hard as crack, FEEL ME! That's just what it is, if you don't like my shit then fuck you and your shit, man straight up That's how I was taught, that's how I was brought up that's how I'ma go down man, forreal Cash Money, Young Money in ya muffuckin throat bitch, swallow slow Weezy F Baby, this interview is over, go to the next song...BITCH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Nikki Album: The Carter II Song: Get Over Typed by: kelpiboi38@yahoo.com Yea, real rap, real rap fo ya Lighters up, lets get 'em Chorus - Nikki [Lil Wayne] Thooouugh, though I'm missin you [straight to the head man] I'll find a way to get through I know livin without ya is impossible [yea] Gooonnee...I know you gon live on [cry momma, ya momma] Cuz you were my brotha and I love ya, and I miss ya (Verse 1) Stay strong, be tough, that's what the preacher tell ya He never really felt ya, so he can't even help ya Need a shoulder to lean on, somebody to cry to It's like everything's gone, but I'm a survivor Standin on stage in front of thousands Don't amount to me not havin my father That's real talk, I know a lot of y'all got 'em But you need 'em way more when you gotta go without 'em And I'm without 'em, but that's life y'all Sometimes you gotta learn to swim with no lifeguard I'm alright God, shit I'm still breathin But lose hurt like bullets, I'm about to start bleedin Throw me down some comfort, cause my heart need it Tryin to cope wit my chances and meet 'em There's a dark road ahead, but I'm tryin to take it easy Rest in peace Lil Beezy, my nigga (Chorus) [Lil Wayne simultaneously in the background x 2] Thooouugh, though I'm missin you I'll find a way to get through I know livin without ya is impossible Gooonnee...I know you gon live on Cuz you were my brotha and I love ya, and I miss ya [I miss my dawg I can't believe that it's over but I'm a soldier, so I gotta over, can't stay sober, I'm just tryin to get over] (Verse 2) Smoke cush all day and pop painkillers Fuck who don't understand it, this what the game did us This what the streets showed us This how the block made us, the same block where they layed 'em I pray every time I cross the spot on the pavement, save me Lord will I be next for the taking? Take me I know I'm livin like I know when I'm comin But I'm just livin cause I know that it's comin And the end is comin, but I ain't runnin I and hidin and duckin, I'm in the middle of a war, I'm alive and love it I'm just speakin from the heart of the diein public We still beatin, we gon rise above it Though it seem like they cheatin and we loosin We survive if nothin, they could never take the stride from strugglin I gotta ride And sometimes that ride get bloody But I just think about my buddy and go after that money, but uhh.. (Bridge) Nikki [Lil Wayne simultaneously in the background] Ohhh, we gotta get over, we gotta get over, gotta get over it's almost over, and we gon be alright [I gotta get over, I gotta get over, cause bitch I'm a soldier] (Verse 3) Straight Patrone out the bottle to the head now We gettin read now, bitch my nigga dead now And all the things I never said, I gotta say it now I shoulda said it then, now I gotta talk to clouds Now I gotta walk around, brim down Just tryin to find my way to the next day, escape Ya birthday could be ya death date So I'm livin like it was just yesterday, let's pray Ten fingers together, can't bring 'em together It's murda murda, I don't think it get better So be a competitor or get out the weather Me? I got a umbrella and a berretta I'm just tryin to make sure my daughter future progressin And behind that, I'm shootin excessive, trust me The beautiful dead, we livin wit the ugly I just tell my pops wait for me, I'm comin (Chorus) [Lil Wayne simultaneously in the background] x 2 Thooouugh, though I'm missin you I'll find a way to get through I know livin without ya is impossible Gooonnee...I know you gon live on Cuz you were my brotha and I love ya, and I miss ya [I miss my dawg I can't believe that it's over but I'm a soldier, so I gotta over, can't stay sober, I'm just tryin to get over] [I miss my dawg I can't believe that it's over but I'm a soldier, so I gotta over can't stay sober, I'm just tryin to get over] in background over and over while talking They ask me why I wear shades at nighttime...cause I don't wanna see nothin! Yea.. Like I said, life ain't nuttin but a long extended road, keep drivin I done passed up plenty people up on the side of road, no help, keep goin Yea...Lost a lot of passengers on the ride, kept goin...yep... who knows when I'll run outta gas. Yea.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter II Song: Fly Out Typed by: humphreycavendish@gmail.com [Lil Wayne] We here I said we here The back of Tha Carter The back of Tha Carter....Two....Ooooh Yea....This here is....the end of Tha Carter Two people HEY! HaHa.Yea [Verse 1] I got the game on ball and chain I threw the key in the train I'm like the key in the truck I spent a G on these frames, though my vision is priceless Seeing through you niggaz like a fuckin psychic Hearing through the grapevine, niggaz wanna hate mine Say my name and die in the daytime You catch my drift, man you better be Peyton Boy the heats on, they make a peace bond I'm in this bitch, throwing up the seventeenth sign Straight frowns, no daps, strapped three times A Tec-11, AK 47, one Beretta, ready for whatever Tell them pussy niggaz come together Heavy wetter, nigga super soaker wetter, nigga Six feet under flowers, you ain't nothing but a petal nigga I'm just a little nigga, trying to be a civil nigga Thirty years old, shit that'll be a different nigga Quit it Wayne, your Mom is listenin But she ain't really trippin, 'cause the pots is piston Them niggaz trippin, unitl the shots whistling' Hear them bullets sizzle, like a cobra at attention I gotta bitch, and quit callin women bitches As long as she don't worry 'bout the coke in the kitchen No preventing the crime, I gotta get it I'm admitted to the game, true playa, no quittin There you go shittin on a way a nigga thinkin Only history I know is Benjamin Franklin This is the future and crime is to no one I live everyday like this is the sure one Train in the tidal wave, this is the ocean Stand in the heat, 'til the mother fuckin snow come And it feels so fuckin good Throw my dope like a rope, let them tug and pull No hope for the hopeless, rats and roaches Runnin cross the porch, in the attic there's a fortune Come and get it, automatics in motion We bangin for the bread nigga, even the molded I got my loaf, I got my toast Chaperone of the south, I got my coast. Yea And unll I die I'm Da. Da Da Da Da. Da BEST RAPPER ALIVE The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Dedication 2: Gangsta Grillz Song: Get 'Em Typed by: r_shadows@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Talking] Yea, Haha Drama I'm Back Dedication 2 I ain't Even Waitin On 'Em I'ma Get 'Em Now Get 'Em My block pumpin and I'm tryin to keep that hoe pumpin If niggaz snitchin them I let them niggaz hold...... Get Get Get 'Em (x2) My block pumpin and I'm tryin to keep that hoe pumpin If niggaz snitchin them I let them niggaz hold sumthin If a nigga owe sumthin need a doctors note from 'em Or his throat from 'em These lil niggaz thinkin they fresh, get whipped out ya clothes youngin I got it all but I'll beat you like you stole sumthin My bitch trippin, she say I treat her like my old woman I tell the bitch I'm probably better off with no woman Yea, I get that brand new money I'm the boss bitch, I'm touchin every dollar thats comin Stop playin, I kno wat I'm doin Let me get 'em I hope his kids not with 'em Yall motherfuckers kno me I'm a rider in the side of the south Got the money in the matress and the guns in the couch Wat up Puttin out cockroaches in the ashtray Its payday till my last day Yea Walkin that line with alot on my mind I get that money, never droppin a dime I don't hate, never, not on my time I'll put that little red dot on ya mind Talkin that crime but alot of 'em lyin Im caught on the grind, never get off my grind Ima pimp to these hoes, not a pimp in my mind, nah And everybody kno I'm sharp when I ride Hop out that new Ferrari with that little horse on the side yea Zoom Zoom bitch ride a nigga broom witch Have a key wet stinkin up your whole room bitch Now break out the perfume bitch And niggaz come from out that beach, I'm in that water like a cruise ship Straight up, tell all my dudes this 1 Pistol, 2 Clips, I aim at lips Wayne that shit, shit on y'all Given to you from the Guard I Am The Guard [Interlude] Yeaa, money on my mind, money money on my mental Super super soaker wet a nigga like a swim suit I think they sippin on that 'I Can Fuck With Him Juice' Test me if ya wanna bad man I knock a limb loose I ain't never scared, I'm protected everywhere And if a nigga disrespect me then he shall be very dead Thats my word, gotta urge to hit a nigga and swerve And them birds in the trigger shot down to my feet Its me motherfucker whats better to see And when ya greeted like me ain't nothin better then beef See I would meet each one of you niggaz in the street Then eat - and pick you little bitches out my teeth Shout out to the green and red stiches in my teeth nigga With no Gucci I'm a double chief nigga My brothers you have send, and the Guard I Am.. Amen.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: DJ Drama * Dedication 2 - Gangsta Grillz Song: They Still Like Me Typed by: Tonemontana4ever@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Drama I'm on fire man rock (Lets go) Weezy motherfucker What it do holla at me All the niiggas tryin to hate me And the bitches tryin to have me I'm a money man Yep I get it from my daddy ho In war we can beef like the nolia and the calio Hollygrove my batte yo Let that automatic go Test me while I'm chillin And I kill you from my patio Bitch my shadow look good I'm just feelin Weezy Hop in my shit and say goodbye Cause the ceilings leavin Believe me They ain't tryin to see me Tell 'em I be the nigga with the burner in the beanie I'm the fireman She just call me when she steamin I wet her up and put her out and leave the bitch dreamin Niggaz say they hot But its really not seemin If these guys bad then I gotta be a deamon Wayne's getting money like Damon and Kenan Try and take it from me and I'm aimin and squeezin Bangin and leavin Stains on the cement Slide the crackers something So they tame the policemen Left in a porche Came in a car-nation I'm fresh Man the gucci sweats came with the creases I'm hot but I'm cold I just change with the seasons Tryin to put some cheese on my pieces If you lookin for your nigga I be where the water gets deeper Huggin on that money Tryin to put it in a sleeper Yea I'm here Who the fuck wanna say somethin Leave your whole head empty Like a straight pumpkin Make no assumption I'm hustlin Your girlfriend guzzlin And you thought she wasn't Name still buzzin even when I'm doin nothin But I'm never dioig nothin Cause I'm always getting money That's simple jackass If you don't get it your a dummy And them niggaz that push me Ain't nut but pure pussy Sure honey I done heard what you said But if a nigga really cared You'd already be dead Just some young ass niggaz With some old ass bread Yes I keep them dollas running Like them bitches got legs Now my nigga Taz Po Been ridin with me since Keds And my right wrist Is looking like a cracked open egg Thays white and yellow diamonds Adjust your lighting I got 'em so mad but Oh I think they like me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Detroit Red, Freeway, Juice, Willie the Kid Album: Dedication 2 - Gangsta Grillz Song: Cannon Typed by: r_shadows@hotmail.com, soulprofit@gmail.com [Lil Wayne] Howdy do motherfuckas, it's Weezy Baby Niggaz bitchin' and I gotta tote the (Cannon) Listen close, I got duct tape and rope I leave you missing like the fucking O'bannons One hand on my money, one hand on my buddy That's the AK-47, make his neighborhood love me Bullets like birds, you can hear them bitches humming Don't make that bird shit, he got a weak stomach Niggaz know I'm sick, I don't spit, I vomit, got it? One egg short of the omelet Simon says shoot a nigga in his thigh and leg And tell him catch up/ketchup like mayonnaise Um, I'm the sickest nigga doing it, bet that baby These other niggas dope, I'm wet crack baby Yes, get back, get back boy, this a set back Clumsy ass niggas slip and fall in to a death trap Them boys pussy, born without a backbone And if you strapped we can trade like the Dow Jones Wet em up, I hope he got his towel on I aim at the moon and get my howl on Some niggaz cry wolf, I'm on that dry kush And when it come to that paper I stack books You heard what I said I can put you on your feet or put some money on ya head Life ain't cheap, you better off dead if you can't pay the fee Shout out my nigga Fee See every motherfucka at the door don't get a key Ya outside lookin' in, so tell me what you see It's about money, it's bigger than me I tell my homies don't kill him, bring the nigga to me Yeah, don't miss, you fucking with the hitman Kidnap a nigga, make him feel like a kid again [Lil Wayne - Hook] Straight up, I ain't got no conversation for you Nigga talk to the (Cannon) Yeah, have a few words with the (Cannon) Yeah, tell it to my motherfucking (Cannon) Yeah, straight up, I ain't got no conversation for you Nigga talk to the (Cannon) Yeah, have a few words with the (Cannon) Nigga tell it to my motherfucking (Cannon) [Freeway] From Philly to where I'm landing I'm a (Cannon) And I'm on that Philly fighting shit And I come fully equipped You trolley, get bodied, keep nina and shotty in the whip If a nigga try to stick me I'ma blam him Sing along now, di-di-dadi, I'm Free Got the butters, got the green, he got the tan Got the whole enchilada Owe me dough, I'm inside of ya house Tie up ya brother, make the prick call up ya mother She might know where to find you I am... on top of my job The heavyweight champ of the flowas Flow like the ocean, open water, ya drowning I will... four-pound him, and sink him Heat him then leave him stinking Sharks surround him and eat him, nice to know him I will... roll over your squad like I'm "One Punch" Carr You chumps, you best call General Motors I will... take control of your soldiers You won't miss 'em 'til I toss em in the wok like chicken General Tso/toast em, uh-oh! [Willie the Kid] I make it hard for rap niggaz, I'm peer pressure Matter fact I'm motivation to rap better I showed niggaz how to act, how to dress better I stay fresh, more fitted caps than back catchers I'm the crack, the smack, the gun, the rule The gat, the strap, the gun, the tool The motherfucking (Cannon) Other words, I'm the real, for real We can go check for check or bill for bill We can go chick for chick or skill for skill The deal is sealed, niggaz ain't real as Will 'Cause I'm a (Cannon) And I handle well, pedal like Cannondale And I got the 50-cal mag, its a handheld (Cannon) I'm telling you niggaz, I pop, put a shell in you niggaz My nice watch'll Helen Keller you niggaz I got whores in the Canon camcorder bendin' over Blowing 'ghan by the quarter Weed odor in the Rover, nigga [Detriot Red] Detriot Red gettin' change like them white folks Dump it out the window of the Range with the rifle Pain like a bitch like the first day of a cycle You better scurry when I pull the (Cannon) Tracks burn the streets like a truck do the gas I love head and caressing a voluptuous ass I ask ya baby mama is she up to the task She like "Damn Red, it's bigger than (Cannon)" My attire makes the ladies say ya man is too fly Imported oils from Iran and Dubois Get caught slipping with ya mans and you die Where I'm from niggaz be quick to squeeze the (Cannon) Detroit Red always got some shit for ya ear Show me love but keep it moving man, 'cause you if you get near I'll say "get off my dick" and tell ya bitch to "come here" 'Cause you sweating me and my DJ Don (Cannon) [Juice] Legs spread far out, you know how I'm standing Yeah I'm posted with the big homie (Cannon) I got niggaz who don't like rap lovin' our shit We got niggaz who was stuck on Pac bumpin' our shit These niggaz can't see me like I ain't been around lately A good batter when they at the mound its gravy Niggaz salty, I'm pepper, no Spinderella Just a cigarillo, filled with Tropicana Yeah, Vic found that lick now we not smoking no more regular Keep ya mid-grade, I don't think you know no better They love "In Da Trunk", now they wanna hear more shit I play it modest like "nigga thats some of our old shit" Got niggaz I aint never met wanting to fight me Got hoes thats in love asking "why you dont like me?" Bitch I'm married to the game and I love my wifey Steppin' over competition, man I love these Nikes Yeah, I'm hot, they fannin' Niggaz try to copy my style like the (Cannon) Don't try to compare I'm in a league of my own If I ain't listed at the top nigga the stats is wrong All the data is off, ya info ain't valid Artist of the century the competition ain't balanced True/Tru like Master P and his two brothers Don't call it incest but Juice the motherfucker Like... ch'yea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Dedication 2: Gangsta Grillz Song: Workin' Em Typed by: r_shadows@hotmail.com Thats why yo bitch won't a real nigga like me [x2] She won't to give that pussy to a nigga like me [x2] I be pimpin them hoes, I be pimpin them hoes I be pimpin them hoes pimp pimpin them hoes I be workin them bitches, I be workin them bitches I be workin them bitches work workin them bitches [Verse 1] Weezy F. Baby the mothafuckin carter Bitches on my stick but my name ain't harry potter They think I'm very hotter yo gurl say da same and since we like ta travel she let us run a train And my deep hits put me in the hall of fame I make her turn over everytime we play the game Yo boy wayne, ask them niggaz I came in a Ferrari, Jaguar switchin both lanes Livin room in the kitchen on a plane I get from A to B so comfortable I Do my thang y'all niggaz so plain, I'm so fly call me soul plane [Verse 2] To him I'm a killer, to her I'm a lover I always wear a mask, and I always wear a rubber Yea I'm from the hood, but my crib in the suburbs They love a nigga "VIBE", so thats why I got the cover My nigga mac maine is like a brother from another we from the same hood we will kill a mothafucker We eat you niggaz lunch, and to bitches I'm supper She ask me to go down, I'm like as long as I fuck her I wear I lot of diamonds see baby I'm a stunna so ride a niggaz dick ahh baby bear hummer And homie you can have her cause I don't really won't her You put the dick in her I put the dick on her [Verse 3] I'm hotter than firer, she wetter than a bitch These niggaz really pussy, and I'm harder than my dick I show to much love for you to be a hatter I ain't home everyday but I'm gettin my paper I know wuts going on cause I'm creater and since I'm so early holla at um later I sound like sex comin through the fadder (BITCH) I'm the president not the mayor The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne Album: Dedication 2 - Gangsta Grillz Song: Sportscenter Typed by: leedub614@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lil Wayne] Cover my tracks like butter so where the bread be I say beef is dead meat who that the president yeah me No one scare me, and you ain't gotta double dare me Hear me loud and clearly rats aren't near me wiretap niggaz get blood in they earpiece I'm from New Orleans nowhere near peace Pure Beast, Fear Free, Dear Grief Catch up bitch I'm in gear three zoom gone, see ya peace drop one finger Fuck 'em and whoever made 'em I will hurt whoever love 'em cause I hate 'em Lookin' for a lady, high and sedated Got her to the pad, I 'on't know how a nigga made it She gave me relations, so now we related The morning comes, the picture faded Awaited on my turn to burn, can I get a light Little dog, bigger bite, Jackson Five, Little Mike Can I get a mic or a mic and a half That's Source homie, shout out to the editing staff I'm all grown, so much better with math I need a spread in the Forbes takin a Benjamin bath yeah I'm servin' this track like, Stephen Graph yeah Roger Federer, there's no competitors Niggaz know my rhetorhic, bitches know my preference Young God baby, all them other niggaz reverends Sittin in my big house surrounded by my weaponries I keep them away like I got leprosy Chopper right next to me loaded up wit pepper seize Got an extra clip but that's only for my especiallies (Dramatic, Dramatic) This is especially for you Disrespect a nigga game what kinda referee is you Swallow it slow, make a nigga ride wit the pistols Cuzz the fakest niggaz ride wit the pistols Even if I die old, I'ma die with the pistols And if you stand over my body I'll probalie kill ya Yeah, now I feel it, Weezy the realest I wear a lot of Bathing Ape cuzz I be wit gorillas He what they talkin bout topic of the conversation product of determination stop playin you are not up in my situation I get money like a caucasian, the car red so the car cajun Stop hatin, y'all ballers I'ma sports agent Wait a minute lemme translate it, It's Weezy not the father motherfuckin Baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Juelz Santana Album: Dedication 2: Gangsta Grillz Song: Welcome to the Concrete Jungle Typed by: r_shadows@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Juelz Santana] DipSet weezy holla me [Hook - Juelz Santana] welcome to the concrete jungle got snakes, got bears, got lions no muzzles and they all tryin to cause me trouble got the big tre-8 long nose no muzzle (x2) [Verse 1 - Juelz Santana] back up off me shorty..if not, surely that piece'll come off me shortly my hood breed ganstaz boy You wanna be down lets see now no thank you boy my niggaz'll fish fillet you boy than go and tell ya moms to get the paper boy ya son is just no longer just a paper boy he's front page on the paper boy read about him extra extra read about it but we get twisted laugh and smoke weed about it and can't nobody do a thing about it Cause they'll be in the same boat literally the same boat floatin across the same sea thru the same water Don't fuck wit them same G's Don't fuck wit that man please Don't fuck wit his money Don't fuck wit his gang breed [Verse 1 - Lil Wayne] aim squeeze wayne be on the back street shotty on the back seat fuck 'em if you ask me make 'em look but them niggaz can't look past me pass the weed to the next nigga That's me let's see P E N C A M G 21 inches and I got them bitches skindy temp me and any thing can happen I ain't rappin I ain't aimin at you soldiers bitch I'm goin for the captin I ain't shootin at ya shoulders bitch I'm goin for ya cappin I won't stop cappin to ya wings start flappin and you, you just angel in the streets full of gangtas and me I'm from the home where murder make ya famous and I think I'm bouts 2 get that trench off the hanger and the mask out the drawer but I neva hide the banger I'm a, straight playa if you love her don't bring her I'll tell her lil shit like I can make her ass a singer and she, believe that we back at the crib she like, how it shoot if its plastic foreal I'm like, fall back ma ya ass can get chilled then she rolled on my dick like an ecstasy pill I smoke beverly hills wuteva that kills and leave a nigga wit that heavenly feel yeah step and I will step in ya grill yeah and leave a nigga wit that heavenly field yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Dedication 2: Gansta Grillz Song: Spitter Typed by: r_shadows@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist spit yo game, talk yo shit, grab yo gat call yo click [x2] squeez yo clip hit the right one pass the weed gotta lite one [repeat] [Verse 1] What ya mami told ya bout fuckin round wit them soldiers I told ya I'll be back I'm comin I got that Tommy Lasorda That's blood all over ya sofas blood all over ya postas blood all over ya sholdas blood all over the strollas do that shit I done that shit its weezy baby he's a baby make that nigga run that shit make that money come back quick take that money from that bitch she know wat it be m-o-b pistol right there in my reach you know wat it be m-o-me bitches know were that limo leave 2 words room key where penthouse suite wear not a damn thing I'm here batabambing my hand bling my wrist bling my neck bling my ear bling super bowl ring bitch cash money young money super bowl team bitch money,money,money,money I'm true to those things bitch you with those pussy hoes I shoot at those queens bitch this I new orleans bitch murder don't mean shit [Chorus x2] [Verse 2] What ya papi told ya bout fuckin round with them soldier's I told ya I'm comin back I got that tommy matola That's blood all over ya rova blood all over ya chaufer blood all over ya loafers if I get any closer That's blood all over my toasta blood all over my hosta I'm in a s. dots thats blood all over my hova, fuck I'm hustlin with a motive my niggas need me an a tiger in my pocket "Says Feed Me" its greedy see them niggas jack them niggas kill them niggas wack them niggas ask them bitches ask them niggas weezy baby thats the nigga cath me mashin in a v matchin seats, matchin feet sheesh that bitch too sweet fa the streetz got that key for the leaf, that feast the beef no need to speak, let it be, wat it be niggas want piece I make them leave here piece by piece fuck me, fuck you, wat it is wat it do ive been ready since 81 and I was born I 82 holleygrove is where I'm from but we call that bitch the zoo I ain't neva trust a bitch since she ate dat forbidden fruit sucka free, sucka proof, 50 shots cut em loose quarterback weezy baby shotgun run n shoot comin true youngin do wat youngin do ball baby at home fornacatin homie by the phone waitin got-damn -I-am -a-man -tha-man -tha-mu -tha-fuck -in-pre-sident bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Dedication 2 Song: South Muzik Typed by: leedub614@hotmail.com My name Wayne and I came to party my watch an Icee and my chain a Frostee Them bitches like me, but they mayne's is salty I aint on strike three, but his brains'll cost me See I'ma chill like waitin for the doctor I'm awaitin for the proper head doctor hey I need a check up, and mami tellin me her man need to step up I'm like, say no more cuzz there's the door and my niggaz like "I ain't tryin' hate on yours I'm like boy I don't save no whore, oh no I'm too small to go against the cold So I grab me a freak and be like, "let's roll" Cause after the afterparty is the muhfuckin bachelor party that's what's up, master suite master me and we be "ungh" all night like Master P yeah My name Wayne and I came from money I gotta pretty bitch wit me, but her brains is ugly Got a city bitch wit me, but her brains is country Yeah a silly bitch wit me, man her brains is dummy Be smart I'll take the brains of dummies that desert eagle new, workout plan, brain then tummy I ain't got no umbrella and it's rainin' money I'm dumb better than these lames that's stuntin I run better like, Corey Dillion for the New England Pats They like, no he didn't get that new Bentley black and white Sure he did, no kiddin', know he kitted it Know he told the dealer make sure there's no equivalent So that makes this a one of one That means none before it, none to come Young money but the money aint young neither's the night what are you drinkin' make it a double you in trouble OH My name wayne and I came to rock I come a long way from turnin' cocaine to rock and like the song say get, getcha ass on up but her thong say pull me down or to the side and I go and say, sweetie can you open up your walkway bet I run up and down your hallway all day shit ain't nothin like a hard day menage I call it three the hard way, Ohhh Hollygrove hard case, Scarface all face very similar to my pa face, I'm particular bout my court case I ride fly, look out the window you saw space I ride high, my interior tye die, I'm so superior You lookin' at Cash Money's interior you hearin' me Birdman, J-R a period, holla at a nigga when you're serious shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Dedication 2 Song: This What I Call Her Typed by: leedub614@hotmail.com Miss Butter pecan caramel southern bell She hotter than a summer day in hell I'm under her spell, she say her name is Chantel She say she got a man, I can't tell Because when we be rockin' we get it poppin like a Amstel, like Right up in the hotel, maybe the stairwell She blows kisses to my handheld She an angel her name should be An-gel ' I'm Blessesd ' I kill her wit the rich man smell She got a wet manhole and ya mans fell whoa I slipped and I ankwell I saw jelly fishes seashells, no further details I love the smell of a female And you're one hell of a female I'm tellin' ya female Get in the CL and let it be sweet sailin' and late night e-mailin' Ooh she feel me, Ooh Fee Fee I think she feels me Okay, I called her on a late night it was late right I was on her ass like some brakelights But I ain't stop for the redlights We get it poppin' til the blue and red lights come knockin' Neighbors keep trippin, we keep fuckin Sex revolution, baby I'm comin down the hallway that lead to your stomach,mami I'ma keep pumpin till you scream Young Money and me and you're boyfriend is not the same I goes down like the stock exchange, and the I bring it up 'Scuse me, I drink it up, I leave you soakin' wet from ya ankle up Shucks, I'm too much, Fee I'm too much The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Dedication 2: Gangsta Grillz Song: Dedication 2 Typed by: johnsatchmo@yahoo.com {whispers} Dedication 2...  "Bang bang, I shot you down  Bang bang, you hit the ground, bang bang  Bang bang... I used to shoot you down" --> Nancy Sinatra "Bang Bang" *sample plays in the background* [Lil Wayne] Hah, Dedication 2, that's right, you already... Wake up motherfuckers it's Weezy, you got a problem? Heads to them Katrina victims, we still mobbin Shiny black coupe at night look like a goblin AK on the backseat, baby it's so-{*record rewinds*} Wake up motherfuckers it's Weezy, you got a problem? Heads to them Katrina victims, we still mobbin Shiny black coupe at night look like a goblin AK on the backseat, baby it's so vivrant Watch me let it spray like a hydrant, can't dodge it You not gettin wet in the rain is not logic She won't give that pussy to Wayne, I'm so obliged just Boy I been direct from inside of ya bitch body And, hi there ho whattayaknow I'm ridin in the same streets my pops died in, I got 'em and, I get that money tell my momma I'm grindin And I'll be coming home with our future in my pocket Shoot you if you block it, leave a nigga aqua Murder the adults and let the kids get adopted Sit it in the pot and watch me rise to power Gettin off twenty American pies an hour God damn, excuse ma'am but I'm the man And you better put my money in my hand, stop playin! Got ends, no friends, just brothers one color And I spread the motherfucker all over your room shutters Heh, they knew better I'm two letters I'm like M.J. and 2-3 and O.G., yeah I'm low-key Cause niggas and bitches is po-lice I roll leaf, patching up the game's slow leak I'm Wee-zy ba-by! Lemme catch my breath... {breathing} Ok... Pussy-ass.. pussy-ass.. pussy-ass.. pussy.. Pussy-ass niggas, fake fraud-ass niggas Tryna save the pass SIM card-ass niggas Them broads laugh at ya, them niggas won't kill ya and them niggas that's witcha, could die right witcha I'll be shootin everything up in my eyesight mister I say I might miss ya, but lil' FeFe gon' hit ya And lil' Curren$y'll split ya, Mack Maine'll straight flip ya Let (???) ship ya, then we'll all forget ya I'm sittin in the kitchen like "how can we all get richer" Got paint on my hands from painting the perfect picture Then I tell lil' Josh, roll up the perfect swisher God damn the hurricane, to the weed man we miss ya I'm the best just listen, I ain't what the game been missin That's my nigga Juelz, I been here since twelve Ten shells, let 'em save themselves Fuck them niggas and they pals, pal, pow! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Curren$y, Mack Maine Album: Dedication 2 Song: Poppin Them Bottles Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Hook] {X2} "Now ever since I could remember I been poppin them bottles Pop, poppin them bottles, pop, poppin them bottles Now ever since I could remember I been smokin that dro With my motherfucking pistol in my hand" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Dedication 2: Gangsta Grillz Song: What U Kno Typed by: r_shadows@hotmail.com I'm a New Orleans gangtsa, after the storm Boy it took bout 3 million to rebuild my home But, I'm back on defense I'm back in the zone I eat rappers go in my yard and bury they bones My pockets on "Raven Symone" Thats fat! wutchu know bout that, huh!?! So I'm a keep it goin' keep it movin' we can do it I aint trippin So far ahead of them niggaz we got a time difference Dont confuse me wit them, I'm different Tryin to holla at "TIP" for a movie audition I push that Maserati to the limit zig zaggin through that traffic like Emmitt I tell them niggaz hurry and buy And if you try n snitch you'll get burried alive Yeah, and I dont chase 'em like you do I keep a bad bitch skatin' like 'New-New' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Dedication 2 - Gangsta Grillz Song: Where the Cash At Typed by: tornado1084@msn.com * * send corrections to the typist You catch my girl legs open better smash that Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at Hold on hold on hold on This song right here is my nigga currency the hot spitter (that's right) The very first artist off young money cash money bout to hit yall in the head with that mothafuckin where the cash at featuring remy martin and my mothafuckin self man do what you da lil daddy You catch my girl legs open better smash that Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at Bitches come a dime a dozen I fuck them sisters cousins It's a revolving dough pussy coming pussy going And when it goes to you its coming back to me with money I tell her keep them shoes on and keep my paper running I put my mack down just like a G's supposed to And if she don't come home with it then shes sleeping over I got them creeping over we do it with the soda I like them Amery's you can have them amerossas Them niggas down below us baby we up and over Im trying to get inside that thang that sit between your shoulders Im talking large toters im talking large motors Im talking burning rubber that melt in Pirelli odor Im hopping out a lotus you looking at my bitch You wanna holla you can holla take her on a trip But when the deed done you gotta send her back Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at Yeah I got a bitch in the back I got a hoe in the front I got purp in the dutch got purp in the cup I tell her get your money hoe or just stop breathing Cause if it aint about that dough it aint about me neither See a gangster like myself I get that paper and pussy Then theres when I make that pussy bring the paper right to me Bitch your looking at a real pimp that's my old hoe And they'll telll you no remote I control hoes Im a hoe lord give ya that game mamma if he aint paying then he shouldn't be playin im saying broke niggas only make jokes nigga I make more than I can fit In this quote nigga Unquote come sun soak with me bitch Fly you down here and put you on some south beach shit And if you smile at my bitch I make her smile back Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at See that other chick asked that she said where the cash at She said where the paper plastic product and where the stash at With it she said the whip and the clip and wheres the address at So that bitch that be hiding shit in the ass crack Niggas don't fuckin call be baby like im related to weezy Some of them call me aura none of them call me easy Found out im fuckin a man then his burners calling me screaming Chicken wing bitches I be finding they just call me jesus Yeah I know she got a man but im cool being the other one Cause he cant get tight when he hear I picked another one I don't falll in love with them cum and then im done with them Most they get from me is what pussy is some bubble gum But this one dude had me laughing if its one thing that I cant stand it's a baggy magnum I thought somebody through me a camera they way I caught a flash back Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Where the where the cash at where the cash at Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Dedication 2 - Gangsta Grillz Song: Ridin' with the AK Typed by: tornado1084@msn.com * * send corrections to the typist I I I I be on that on that all night Man I be on that all day Straight up boy if you want me I'll be ridin with that k k k k k k k k Time and time again I gotta grab my phone and call lil wayne Let me use your throw away cause niggaz out her playin man They just don't get it till I pop the trunk and come back with it Barrel on the burner big enough to spit a hundred midgets I'm from the crescent city moving nothing less than fifty That's more shells than youll find in the seat And you don't need to know your alphabets to recognize a G I'm in the lambo making doughnuts like I work for Krispy Kreme Excuse my flossin dawg I'm still known to tote a snub Niggaz thought I lost all my blikas in that Katrina flood I still got big you mac eleven from ninty seven Sometimes you gotta show niggaz better than you can tell them (2x) I be on that gangster shit straight up on that gangster shit I be on that straight up on that I be on that gangster shit I I I I be on that on that all night Man I be on that all day Straight up boy if you want me I'll be ridin with that K who want it k who want it k who want it k uh K who want it k who want it k who want it k uh I'm on that gangster shit I'm on that gangster shit I'm on that gangster shit I'm on that gangster shit Chevys ridin swerving off mufflers stuffed with dro and blow Mack man young money mottos still fuck a hoe Burners on the front seat incase a hater come that close Bodys drop when the shotty pop they'll probably make your body rock Body rock yep nigga lean with it rock with it Thang that make you lean I be seen round the clock with it See I don't stop with it hustle for that new money Smellin like them new hundreds diarrhea loop runnin See I just recruit something that help me move it every day More workers than mary k vibin to that mary j I'm off the chain like three slaves bitch I'm bout my chips I'm mac maine bitch I'm on that gangster shit (2x) I be on that gangster shit straight up on that gangster shit I be on that straight up on that I be on that gangster shit I I I I be on that on that all night Man I be on that all day Straight up boy if you want me I'll be ridin with that K who want it k who want it k who want it k uh K who want it k who want it k who want it k uh I'm on that gangster shit I'm on that gangster shit I'm on that gangster shit I'm on that gangster shit Time and time again I gotta turn around and tell c dawg Grab this ak off my back or theres gonna be blood all on them dawg Clip longer than a bitch if a nigga trip pop it on in give a nigga that shit Pull it right over and park your whip everybody gone run when the trunk gone lift Shit the only thing I'm runnin from myself with a gun when the po po come The nigga that talk ain't talking bout nothing I'm a rude boy I murder for fun I'm hot bitch worse than the sun I'm the birdmans son I'm the chosen one I'm the god just looking for a nun I'm the president my job here is done Chevys ridin swerving off mufflers stuffed with dro and blow Cash money young money mottos still fuck a hoe Burners on the front seat in case a hater come that close Bodys drop when the shotty pop they'll probably make your body rock Lean with it lean with it lean with it and snap your fingers Make ya lean with it make ya lean with it make 'em lean with it now play the hook I I I I be on that on that all night Man I be on that all day Straight up boy if you want me I'll be ridin with that K who want it k who want it k who want it k uh K who want it k who want it k who want it k uh I'm on that gangster shit I'm on that gangster shit I'm on that gangster shit I'm on that gangster shit Lets stab 'em in they chest and show 'em that we shoot and boom get shot Stab 'em in they chestAnd keep my motherfuckin boom Get shot bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Dedication 2 - Gangsta Grillz Song: Walk it Off Typed by: big_mike062003@yahoo.com Talking: The streets gonna always be fun [Lil Wayne] Now put Lil Mack on the map if he walk it off Now put Lil Spitter on the map if he walk it off Now put a ..... on the map if he walk it off Say put Lil Fee on the map if he walk it off Say put E.I on the map if he walk it off Kay put Lil drew on the map if he walk it off Say put lil monk on the map if he walk it off I'ma.....I'ma I'ma good lookin rapper I ain't tryin to stunt I'ma good lookin rapper I ain't tryin to stunt Bitch I'ma good lookin rapper I ain't tryin to front I'ma good lookin rapper I ain't tryin to front Hoe I'ma good lookin rapper I ain't lyin to you I'ma good lookin rapper I ain't lyin to you You might see me in a Bentley painted royal blue with the white interior on a set of 22's [Lil Wayne] I'ma jalapeno boy hot as Cayenne pepper I'm from New Orleans City but ill take her to whatever I'm tougher that leather I'm smoother than Suede always never broke cause I'm usually paid Got the Rover with the cage Kinda brown off beige Everybody look at me like I'm riding on stage Gotta woman named Sage She twice my age everytime she hit me up she send a picture with her page I ain't tryin to fall in love I ain't tryin get engaged you can meet me at the alter when a nigga really dead Everytime I'm tryin to leave she beggin me to stay and I politely fade away like my name was M.J. and she wrote me a note, guess what that note said When I hope still like me but I go both ways and then I say Oh, then I say Okay Stabbed them up and got the fuck like my name was O.J. If you lookin for some money bitch my name is no way Not tomorrow not today not yes-terday I'm Mr. President as they say and that phantom fits me like its tailor made I can take on a war, nigga bombs-away I been in the water fucking all the Marmalades If you lookin for some money bitch my name is no way Not tomorrow not today not yes-terday [Lil Wayne] Last week I met a bitch but I forgot her name Short sweet red cute ole vibrant thang She got a earing in her pussy and everywhere else She said she jog everyday so she can cum on herself Then she tell me my love is the best she felt and she sucked my dick like its about to melt she drink vitamin water say its good for her health she can wrap my whole dick around her waist like a belt Then theres another bitch her name was Iesha she ride that dick good and make a mean cheese pizza One time it was so good I told her to order one mo' She said its not Domino's its DiGiorno's Theres another bitch I met her at the gong Show Got her to the crib and turned it straight into a thong show She do my dishes, was my clothes, and fix my corn rows She do my dishes, was my clothes, and fix my corn rows I can't forget about my bitch name Meaty-boo shes a young project bitch I used to bang her on the school so I brung her to the school and we standing on the yard the bitch asked me if I was from the 17th ward Niggaz came out the cut and started muggin me up I grabbed the clip out my pocket and made them cowards duck and I told my old lady ill be back to see and hit me up on my cell phone if niggaz lookin for me, cause [Lil Wayne] Now chicks gotta ride, twerk, jerk, giddy up Jump, bounce on the dick and get the fuck, get the fuck Chicks gotta ride, twerk, jerk, giddy up Jump, bounce on the dick and get the fuck, get the fuck My name is Lil Weezy They say I'm off the heezy and I tell the dog hoe don't dont you be greedy My name is Lil Weezy They say I'm off the heezy and I tell the dog hoe don't dont you be greedy dont don't you be greedy dont don't you be greedy bitch don't you be greedy dont don't you be greedy Cuz its Rat-tat-tat-tat-tat-tat on a dog hoes Rat-tat-tat-tat-tat-tat on a dog hoes Now put Lil Wayne on the map cause he walk it off (ha ha ha ha) Bitch [Lil Wayne] Dedication 2 Straight from the Carter 2 So much money of the Carter 2 So much money of the Carter 1 So much money cause I'm Birdman son Don't hate don't hate don't hate I'ma good lookin rapper I ain't tryin to stunt The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Dedication 2 Song: Hustlin Typed by: leedub614@hotmail.com Yeah, now what it do you know it's Weezy F. the fuckin boss inside that Phantom bitch so big I prolly get lost how bout that exhaust, and my funky cold medina I make that hoe tip toe like a ballerina I'm the ~Miami fever~, in that ~Miami Heat~ I been in Miami water, I'm like a ~Florida Marlin~ But I come from New Orleans nigga we still strong and my money real long, real real real long and this my thirteenth year, bitch I'm still goin' so my money real long, real real real long Nigga that steel on, red beam safety y'all Murder scene tape it off, red rum, tomato sauce niggaz say they paper boys, but bitch I be wit caper boys I say we be burnin bodies, we dont be burnin cars and I got a bitch wit me, call her "Miss Without Drawers" When I'm at the bank, you could call me "Mr. Withdraws" If you want it I'ma bring it let Diana Ross sing it I'ma pull it I'ma bang it that's that Nina Ross singin' I be weighin a block up wit that Rick Ross bangin' If you try me I reverse ya, now you Kriss Kross swangin' yeah Whip soft top seats off leather feet prop Heat cocked, somethin on my neck look like a peacock you need not, talk that street hop to me Ak' cause we bought Like thousand dollar bottles of that Chris Rock bitch stop trippin' I been hot, when not I been threw away what they just got and niggaz talk shit but when I see em they lips lock bitch bop, know I got that ooo wop griplock, get shot bitch I bet I'm hustlin' when ya nigga not Bigger appetite, bigger pot, EAT Call it what you want, but baby just dont call the cops let em chase that drop, I'ma chase that guap yeah, race track jacket wit the race track loc's yeah all black Maserati taste that smoke I'ma crack that egg open, beat that yolk Let it soak let it soak watch it come back broke yeah then I hit the streets up and talk that talk let it float let it float, never come back broke, naw run that shit, I'm cash money's bread and butter no sugar bring me all the beef, I'm the motherfuckin' pressure cooker Yeah, yeah, I could change the weather for ya lose ya ass, the neighbors tell em that they never saw ya close ya mouth it'd be better for ya all that snitchin like the cops got a medal for ya I'ma hustler, got work hoes and metal for ya when ya think ya ready I'll be ready for ya, bitch Yeah WEEZY Dedication 2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Dedication 2: Gansta Grillz Song: Gettin Some Head Typed by: r_shadows@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Ridin with a bitch I call hot mouth shelly She pop them extasies and get that cotton mouth heavy I give her a bottle of water bitch break out sweatin And then she get straight to that head like a fuckin excedrin I'm a fly ass nigga take a look at me bitch Now go and tell the cops I gotta crook in my dick Straight gutter bitch, open like a hook in the fish I gotta lady from paris that french kiss my shit Yea why you think I gotta tint my whips Cause I be gettin some head, right in my shit You say you love that woman, but that been my bitch And if you kiss that woman, than you suck my dick These hoes is nasty, y'all niggas is trippin I gotta bitch with her mouth like that boy Ken Griffey When I'm out in the streets better believe I'm pimpin; And if you ever saw me with one of them video vixens [Hook] I was gettin some head..(Get gettin' some head) Super head what's good? Super head what's good? Super head what's good? I was gettin some head (Get gettin' some head) I was gettin' some head (Get gettin' some head) Y'all know me I smoke a blunt while I'm gettin' brain Stick my finger in her butt while I'm gettin brain yeah I'm nasty bitch! What? Lil' Wayne! I liked dem maked up lips and two toungue rings I gotta say it; I'm the president I run things All these hoes tryna save a nigga cum stains Real talk; I get head I get head on the airplane Bitch be climbin' all over that little chair game I pull her hair back she holla yeah back I like a bitch wit some lips like a bear trap and I don' mind goin down I take care of that I have homie at home like where she at? She wit me; in my bad ass ride Givin' me a blow job like a 9-5 She said she eat her vegetables so she stay alive So she slobbed on my knob like corn on the cob The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Juelz Santana Album: Dedication 2 Song: No Other Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne] Yeah, straight up D-Boy, sell in 10th Ward Miss Katrina turned my city to a seesaw I keep going for them corners like Lyor They gon' either respect me or, he all Burnin them bitches like a se-qual Punk, put a hump in your back, they called it Igor What? This shit is hard, any yard where we are We call that cocaine rice, I got that Condoleezza Huh? You fuck with me chump, I rock your teacup I say before you spend a dollar boy, put up the re-up Yep, get up cause we up, foot up and knee up In the game, put up and shut up, I hit your head up Or go bang, the Birdgang and the Birdman J. Lil Wayne, hear to hang, other words here to stay Feel my pain, Fireman, I spark and I rain I hark through the flames, yeah, all for the change, yeah Call it insane but I'm a hustler to the muscle And them new drop Bentleys look like pussy in the summer So I'm fuckin that, huggin that block like I'm lovin that Never sell a crumb where my mother at, run with that You can come at me for beef and shots come with that Your bitch come at me for wood and I'm the lumberjack I come in that Similac Maybach, shades black Looking like I'm tryna bring Yay back, ASAP Give it to 'em raw, no Ajax, taste that Huh, fuck around and make your face crack I know niggas that, shoot dope, arms looking like a racetrack Nigga missed a vein in his neck, his whole face fat You can't take that? Well I can't take back Where I come from so I learned how to make that Yeah, turn that straight to a G stack Stack up my cheese, now I'm screamin "Where the keys at?" [Juelz Santana] I'm from, block one, five-one, where my young Niggas on the rise to get a name, don't try them Wayne, I fell your pain and I see your stress How they think your people 'posed to get through Katrina off a FEMA cheque? Coke in a Pyrex, dope and the ice, yes Mind on the highway, road signs, right, left And that's the mind-state of kids growin up Still they wonder why the crime rate's goin up, throw it up Eastside, Westside, Southside, Northside Fuck with my money I, torch guys, off guys Hire men, fire men, send 'em to a higher man (there he go) Torture 'em, vice grip, pliers man Niggas turn to tin foil when they see the iron man Pressure bust pipes, I apply it and Move like a lion through the jungle, yes, there is none higher than Me, don't slip up and end wind up in the lion bend Big body Benz eyein man, higher than A chick that flight-attend or air force flyer man Bad bitches I fly 'em and fuck 'em Send 'em back home hyped feeling like they on nitrogen Just call me the Pied Piper man Still get the coke through the pipeline, then off to the piper stem And I'm still getting paper back in rubber bands I still got paper bags coming in I still got that mattress with the paper bags under it Comic books, Playboy baby mag under it, still I still got ties with my guys who don't speak no English Them Vatos, they got those cheapest Got no green card, got no visas and got those Pablo features They drop off then pick up, I pick up then drop off The drop off was picked up, and then what? I get it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne Album: Dedication 2 - Gangsta Grillz Song: Georgia... Bush Typed by: kelpiboi38@yahoo.com This song right here, is dedicated to the president of the United States of America Y'all might know him as George Bush But where I'm from, lost city of New Orleans... we call him this (Georgia x 8 with Wayne) Noooowww This song is dedicated to the one wit the suit Thick white skin and his eyes bright blue So called beef wit you know who Fuck it he just let him kill all of our troops Look at the bullshit we been through Had the niggas sittin on top they roofs Hurricane Katrina, we shoulda called it Hurricane (Geeoorrggiaa) Bush Then they tellin y'all lies on the news The white people smiling like everythin cool But I know people that died in that pool I know people that died in them schools Now what is the survivor to do? Got to no trailer, you gotta move Now it's on to Texas and to (Geeoorrggiiaa) They tell you what they want, show you what they want you to see But they don't let you know what's really goin on Make it look like a lotta stealin goin on All them cops is killas in my home Nigga shot dead in the middle of the street I ain't no thief, I'm just tryin to eat Man fuck the police and president (Geeoorrrggiiaa) Bush So what happened to the levies, why wasn't they steady? Why wasn't they able to control this? I know some folk that live by the levy that keep on tellin me they heard explosions Same shit happened back in Hurricane Betsy 1965, I ain't too young to know this Young President Johnson but now it's (Geeoorrggiiaa) Bush [Chorus: repeat 2X] We from a town where (Georgia) Everybody drowned, and Everybody died, but baby I'm still prayin wich ya Everybody cryin but (Georgia) Ain't nobody tried, there's no doubt on my mind, it was (Georgia) Bush! Noooowwww I was born in the boot at the bottom of the map New Orleans baby, now the white house hatin, tryin to wash away like we not on the map Wait, have you heard the latest, they sayin you gotta have paper if you tryin to come back Niggas thinkin it's a wrap, see we can't hustle in they trap, we ain't from (Geeoorrggiaa) Noooww it's them dead bodies, them lost houses, the mayor say dont worry bout it And the children have been scarred, no ones here to care bout em And lash out, to all the rappers that helped out Yea we like it they call on y'all, but fuck president (Geeoorrggiaa) Bush We see them Confederate flags, you know what it is A white cracker muthafucka that probably voted for him And no he ain't gonna drop no dollas, but he do drop bombs R.I.P. Tig' cause he died in the storm, fuck president (Geeoorrggiiaa) Bush See us in ya city man, give us a pound Cuz if a nigga still movin then he holdin it down I had two Jags, but I lost both them bi-tch-es I'm from N.O. the N.O. Yea! (DJ Drama: oh yea, you thought we was done? Naw) YEA! Money money money get a dollar and a dick Weezy Baby that crack, muthafucka get a fix Got money out the ass, no homo but I'm rich Bout to go get surgery and put some diamonds on my wrist YES Yep, I'm a muthafuckin trip I'ma trip to Japan and buy some brand new shit Nine hundred to a grand, get you twenty eight grams If you talkin bout bricks, I'm the interstate man And the women say damn, them niggas don't say a damn thing Boy I bet that shotty make you bounce like a bed-spring Walkin a thin line, gotta defend mine And wit no pen I'm sorta like a bomb BOOM Young toon, yea that's what my people call me Fifty thousand for the cause, tryin keep the reaper off me I drink a lotta syrup, bitches say I'm sleep walkin Big money for the grill, so I'm never cheap talking, yea Keep talking and the flame leap off the hip And keep sparking, pap pap sleep softly Yea, nap nap, nap sack, three forties Like fuck another nigga, nigga just don't be da target Young New Orleans nigga, nigga just don't be retarded We done lost everythin and you lookin like a bargain Purple weed, purple drink, purple heart sergeant I'm the best rapper in the game no argin (arguing) And I don't ever write, pause Un-pause this, so keep ya bitch ass lines inside the margin Lil Wayne dot com bitch log in Put a pillow under your knees and keep ya jaws in All in ya girl mouth, use her like a toilet They usually want a baller and the young nigga ballin Mike Jordan, pardon my swag Even my father rich as fuck and all my brothers left the family We said fuck it bought two houses in Miami I can't wait to do cribs, MTV c'mon get at me Any rapper wan get at me, tell ya label contact me Half four hundred for a feature, wanna battle, I'll beat ya I'm a beast, I'm a preacher, I'm the son of miss cita Mom dukes, my jeter, she the reason, she the reason Everybody woman wanna beat a boy diva, not even There's a 305 dime I wanted ever since I seen her Got a topic of this evenin, hotter than a tub steamin Gotcha girlfriend dreamin of one day bein Trina Notta sim seemer, ten ki's in the Beamer Got a white girl drivin, couldn't do it much cleaner I'm fly in the sky like that muthafuckin ribbon Bitches got my name on em, and the nigga still livin Spend a condo and a club, one bottle won't do Two bottles won't do, bottles for the whole crew, thanks And bring me that Patrone, I don't play No ice I like my drink straight, not gay And bitch that bank come everyday, I'm paid I wish a nigga come invade, get sprayed I stomp a nigga out like I got ten legs Then they fish the nigga up out the lake in ten days Behave, no ho, I'm on that Rage Rov Cash Money, Young Money, ho that money age old And can't a cage hold this animal from Hollygrove Sorry mami I be stoned, I be, I be, I be blowed Got me copy rock star, Weezy Baby fuck these hos Gotta pay me now for me to even take these hos Price sizin for a show and the flow So either Drama is my nigga, or that boy got doe Go figure that's my nigga, that's my nigga, my nerve If anybody else want it, sixty thousand a verse The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne & Birdman Albym: Like Father, Like Son Song: Over Here Hustlin' Typed by: mtc9584@yahoo.com [Chorus] + (Lil Wayne talkin over the chorus) (Ha) We over here hustlin', (yeah) we over here grindin' (Huh?) We over here hustlin', we over here grindin' (Somebody say somethin to me?) We over here hustlin', we over here grind- (Well, tell 'em I say, "Fuck 'em!") I'm all, I'm all about my pap-, I'm all, I'm all about my paper (Ha!) We over her hustlin', we over her grindin' (Cocky! I know) We over her hustlin', we over her hus' (I work hard bitch) We over here grind- (+I can do dat+) I'm all, I'm all about my pap-, (ain't that right?) I'm all, I'm all about my paper [Lil Wayne] Now ask me what I'm doin, that's me in the hook And I just keep on kickin' it, kickin' it, like a knee and a board Yes, Wayne straight like a ki of that good And if that bitch don't know the rules then I will read her the book I got the key to the boat, I got the key to the jet I got the key to sucess, get money invest Re-up wit' the rest, I got a sweeter connect That mean my weed is the best, Joe can even the stress Ok, the coupe is ridiculous, and the jeep is a mess Let's call my bullets a lump, cuz I put 'em deep in ya neck +Adam's Apple+ meet +Banana Clip+, ya'll know my script  I just get my +chips+ and then I +dip+, and then I dip They say the bullshit walks, the money talks So I don't answer, I don't answer unless the money calls Yeah that's my word, that's my word, no I wouln't front for ya'll It's money over everything and bitches under all...M.O.B.!! [Chorus] + (Baby talkin over the chorus) Yeah shorty I wish one of them pussies would tell me somethin nigga Fuck 'em, +Like Father, Like Son+, we goin' the bank on these bitches Half a mil' in the grill on these pussies...pussies! Uptown, we in this mother fucker, AK toters, +Hood Rich+ mother fucker Get money or die bitch! One hundred! [Baby] I say Uptown poppin', Uptown rockin' Uptown made us, it's the home of them +Hard Knocks+ Cook up a whole block, kitted up in all white Ridin with a chopper and black diamonds, and it all nice Shop til you pop bitch, do your own thing hoe Got the game from KC, suckin flow, 6 Court Bling bling king nigga, money ain't a thing nigga Ridin in the Lamborgini, suicidal eagle wings Assault rifles, my lil homies big poppas Comin thru the attic, 20 in that heli-choppa Zip it and whip it nigga, that's how we ship it nigga Burn it and light it, then we dip it and we hit it nigga I spent a mil' on my grill, for real Cuz we be stuntin' while we husltin' nigga, makin these hills We be grindin' while we shinin' nigga, packin' the steel Stay fly, get money nigga, stack it and bulid [Baby] I say we deep in the game nigga, we switchin' them lanes nigga Got blood money homie, no pain no gain nigga 50 a fame nigga, a G a name nigga That's what we do nigga, claim ya fame nigga Hop out a Range nigga, fang in hand nigga Stop all that reppin' 'fore I, send some flames nigga All this money nigga, jewelery and fame, yes I Cuz we be stuntin' nigga (Uh huh) Movin' them things nigga (Look!) [Lil Wayne] Paper paper, paper, all I need is paper Green paper, white chalk, yellow tape-a Make ya, shirt look like you got on a butcher's apron Go 'head and make a steak then...bitch nigga Rich nigga talkin', this our money sign I'm just chillin', but my money still runnin' 'round Yeah, and I do-oz what I does, you niggaz couldn't even be who I was, ha! [Baby talkin' over the chorus] Unbelieveable! Un-mother fuckin-believable the type of shit we do Shit, what's the business OC Jones, KC, Shahib-Muhuammed World! What it do OG Calvin? Bo Miller, Status Jackson My nigga Sqaloob, Big Rufus, all my +Hood Rich + g's And one o' my niggaz gangsta, all my AK dudes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne & Birdman (Baby) Album: Like Father, Like Son Song: Stuntin Like My Daddy Typed by: pimpinmandan@yahoo.com Vrooom on a yamaha chromed out 11 hundred Wut I'm doin, gettin money, wut we doin, gettin money Wut they doin, hatin on me, but they neva cross Cash money still the company, and bitch I'm the boss And I be stuntin like my daddy, stuntin like my daddy Stuntin like my daddy, I be stuntin like my daddy I'm the, young stunna, stuntin like my daddy Stuntin like my daddy, I be stuntin like my daddy [Verse 1] Yeah bitch I'm paid, thats all I gotta say Cant see my lil nigga, cuz the money in the way And I'm, I'm sittin high, a gansta ride blades If you ain't gone ride fly than you might as well hate Shit I gotta eat yeah even though I ate No it ain't my birthday but I got my name on my cake Shit believe that, if ya mans wanna play Im'ma fuck around and put that boy brains on the gate Hey pick 'em up, FUCK 'em let 'em lay Where I'm from we see a fuckin dead body everyday Thats, uptown, throw a stack at 'em Make a song about me I'm throwin shots back at 'em Ya bitch I'm a pipe, and she like a crack attic And she saw me cookin EGGS and she though I was back at it I grab the keys, hoe I gotta go I got my motorcycle jacket and my motorcycle loafs Shorty 98's, 45 paper plates 10 the whole thang big money heavy weight A hundred stacks, spend 50 on a caddy, 25 on the pinky, Bought a pound of blow and bounced back Matching grills, big houses on the hill Got them hoes in the kitchen all cookin pan meals I starta holla, dollar after dollar Flippin chickens gettin tickets want the money and the power Born stunna, uptown hunter 3rd war G nigga been about money Ice chunky, birdman redmonkeys White Tees on tha chromed out 11 hundreds you know we shine every summer, we grind every summer And this is how we spend money You see them bentleys and them lambs' Them ounces and them grams, bitch we was born hustlas Yeah when I was 16 I bought my first mercedes benz I must've fucked a thousand bitches and a girlfriend White leather, hot new bare rims, brand new pistol with a trigger like a hair pin Big work, we dont need scale man, big papers say good mornin to the mail man What'cha now bout putting bricks in the spare man I can stuff a coupe like a muthafucken caravan I'm in my zone my arm is so rare man if theres a song you lookin at the chair man How you want it, show me my opponent....throw me my opponent I'm still ballin, a bullet gotta get me And I've never been a pussy cause my hood never let me A made nigga got made niggaz wit me I'ma motorcyle boy so I'm about to pop a wheelie Veerom on a yamaha chromed out 11 hundred Veerom on a yamaha chromed out 11 hundred Veerom veerom on a yamaha chromed out 11 hundred Cash money still the company and bitch I'm the boss Veerom on a yamaha chromed out 11 hundred Veerom on a yamaha chromed out 11 hundred Veerom veerom on a yamaha chromed out 11 hundred Cash money still the company and bitch I'm the boss The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman & Lil Wayne Album: Like Father, Like Son Song: 1st Key Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha I bought my first ki Bought my bought my first ki I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha I bought my first ki Bought my bought my first ki [Birdman] Yeah, hustlin on my city streets Tryna get a whole ki (I bought my frist ki, my first ki) In 93 and we was gettin 'em like for 25 Columbian connect, homey we was gettin fly We on the grind and our nuts got bigga And every day we in the muthafuckin hood our guns got bigga Stuntin on them niggas, gettin money stayin fly every day a nigga spendin Ridin 25s and we blazin gettin high, nigga showin off his ride Crusin through the beach nigga rollin in them bimmers Them people pull me over hatin cause they can't see us Know I got the money (laws won't leave me alone) Now they actin funny cuz they know a nigga strong Money long and we comin I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha I bought my first ki Bought my bought my first ki I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha (cooked it up myself and started ...) I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha I bought my first ki Bought my bought my first ki I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha (cooked it up myself and started ...) [Lil Wayne] I ain't have to touch a piece of work since '94 I lost my daddy in '96 and started makin moves In '98 (i got a brand new lexus coupe) (now them laws won't leave me alone) They pull me over, lock me up, I bail out on my own I call my poppa on the phone, tell him cook up a zone I leave a house with a pocket full of stones Got them hoes slangin, hidin packs in they titties Them small chest bitches gotta put it in they butt (20s in them they can't fuck wit us) I got so many hoes (it's to the flow or I don't see, don't know) (now they won't leave me alone) Man I got so much dough (it's to the flow or I don't see, don't know) (now they won't leave me alone) Weezy baby d boy [Chorus:] I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha I bought my first ki Bought my bought my first ki I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha (cooked it up myself and started ...) I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha I bought my first ki Bought my bought my first ki I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha (cooked it up myself and started ...) [Birdman] And I ain't touch a mothafuckin ki since '04 And thats the word that we servin, look thats all we know Them niggas talkin shit but we the niggas wit the cash flo' (i still smoke that weed, smoke that smoke that smoke that weed) And i'm back on the beach and we blowin out the whole beat My ak mack eleven represent the 3 Gangsta like a mothafucka me and my homies [Lil Wayne] Yeah, my nigga rabbit was a og My momma husband thats what show me (my first ki) Yup, then you know I had to be a hustla I started sellin hubbers The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman & Lil Wayne Album: Like Father, Like Son Song: Like Father, Like Son Typed by: Uneak_Won2G08@hotmail.com [Intro] There ain't no loooovee like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like Like father like son, nigga like, like, like, like, like Like father like, like father like son nigga There ain't no loooovee like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like Like father like son, nigga like, like, like, like, like Like father like, like father like son nigga [Verse 1: Birdman] Yeah It's filthy with quarter ki's in the kitchen on 'em The block is hot but we out here gettin it on 'em And keep a tool everytime we hit the streets Cause these niggas act a fool and we be quick to put it on 'em Them tear drops homie we so not The nigga to fuck with cause we will pop .40 cal keep it cocked nigga ready to block Keep a gun a extra clip homie thats how we rock And like father like son daddy we dont borrow We stay on the grind homie cause we grind harder And fuckin with me homie you wont like you be the next t-shirt, we in ya hood all night We got birds flyin out and we've allowed the pipes We do this state to state thing and cheat the price And Rufus came home and I told him to shave But he was tellin me about them pussy niggas back in the eighties, baby [Verse 2: Lil Wayne] Listen, Birdman put me on when I was just eleven He was my teacher, so I was like fuck the lesson He was my preacher, so I was like fuck the reverend My mother sita, she said that I was with the devil My mother sita, now say that he was sent from heaven So, I take heed to every single word that he tell me And I remember what my poppa told me Remember what my poppa told me, Young Stunna [Verse 3: Birdman] Yeah Im out c'here homie pitchin the game And yes I do the whole thing nigga give me my change Yes we do the same thing out the brand new Range Little nigga like his father homie doin his thing We keep the gun for paper homie aimed and cocked Every nigga in my circle homie ready to pop We be ridin drop tops thats just how we rock And ill be ridin in the Phantom through my up town blocks Nigga [Verse 4: Lil Wayne] Alright money on my mind Look I-I-I I hear you niggas wisperin I say wisperin cause you niggas ain't hollerin bout shit Po' pussy ass niggas gangster and me Look Birdman jr fuck the world pops And we gon keep it movin even if the world stops Stay strapped and laced like girl socks Stay dapped and drapped like a birthday cake Birthdays was the worst days Now we sippin on oowey when we thirsty Ya know, I do believe the moneys cursed me So I pray to God that the devil dont murk me, uh Lil' Wizzle but you bitches call me first place And papa taught me paper chase never skirt chase I put you niggas in the closet in the shirt space You niggas yellow like Sesame street Bert's face Worst case scenario, burial Two tone Carara like Mascara, uh The G4 take your boy where ever Like father, like son the era, nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman & Lil Wayne Album: Like Father, Like Son Song: You Ain't Know Typed by: sinistaboy@yahoo.com [Chorus 1 - Lil Wayne] I got a lot of loot and I ain't lookin' for a lady And you can never pay me I'm from Uptown baby I wake up in the mornin' take a piss and wash my hands Take a knee and thank the Man then get back to the money You ain't know I gotta go Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money You ain't know I gotta go Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money To the money [Verse 1 - Lil Wayne] Nigga I ain't got a money printer So for this paper chase I'm out runnin' sprinters Yes the last two Cash Money members Shout out to the new Cash Money members Baby and Slim still point guard and center So much money on my mind it's all I remember And I just bought a gun wit' a extender And that bitch hold me up like suspenders Cut like a blender sharper than a bitch They got so many pussy niggaz I can make a list Niggaz wonder why I stress that I am the best 'Cause even bobble heads tell me yes.. haha Put it on the hood I'm Hollygrove to death I'm already good I'm workin' on my left A jungle on my wrist a circus on my neck Don't forget the Baby no don't forget the F [Chorus 2 - Lil Wayne - 2X] You ain't know I gotta go Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money You ain't know I gotta go Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money To the money [Verse 2 - Birdman] Brush the platinum grab the straps homie make it happen Comin' through my neighborhood wit' 4's on the Caddy Limo tints out the pound and Uptown crackin' Red bandanna duckin' feds and the money stackin' Rest in peace to Miss Gladys like e'eryday We on the grind for the shine and we gon' get paid Spent a mill' on the wheels custom wit' the navi' 2 of the same whips we doin' it big livin' lavish [Lil Wayne] This is a Scott Storch and I'm a hot torch And gettin' money is my sport And understand the rap game is my court So I shall walk and come forth like a Rockport Or some sort of... matchin' slippers or yacht shoes See I don't cruise control I control the cruise Yes... I gets throat on a boat And I vow to never fall like soap on a rope and [Chorus 1 - Lil Wayne] I got a lot of loot and I ain't lookin' for a lady And you can never pay me I'm from Uptown baby I wake up in the mornin' take a piss and wash my hands Take a knee and thank the Man then get back to the money You ain't know I gotta go Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money You ain't know I gotta go Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money To the money [Verse 3 - Birdman] Fresh wit' the hustle so we bounce back on them suckers Blowin' big doin' gigs got it ran in hundreds They reppin' layin' here we stuntin' On the grind all the time homie gettin' money 3rd Ward soldier 13th gangsta 17th hustler known top ranker Money go getter them clowns can't figure Poppin' at the mouth like this cutter won't split 'em Know how to survive hustlin' stayin' fly My whole hood cried when my lil' brother died Know I had to ride never let it slide It's just the G in me and I'ma get it til I die daddy [Chorus 2 - Lil Wayne - 2X] You ain't know I gotta go Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money You ain't know I gotta go Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money To the money [music to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman & Lil Wayne f/ Rick Ross, T-Pain Album: Like Father, Like Son Song: Know What I'm Doin' Typed by: sinistaboy@yahoo.com [Chorus - T-Pain - 2X] Yeah (I got the shoes wit' the matchin' fit check) Yeah (I got them jewels lookin' phat around my neck) Yeah (Take a picture) Click click (Take a picture) click click (Check me out!) Yeah I know what I'm doin' [Verse 1 - Rick Ross] Started wit' a nick then I seen a hundred bricks Started on a corner now a nigga 106 Heroin ain't quiet nah you can't quiet mine I got the whole dirty south in line buyin' mine You know I gotta shine you just bezzle yours I Fifty-carat mine I'm fuckin' several whores When you hear the (brrrr) you know I got the sack 'Cause when I hit the (brrrr) he always got the packs M-I-Yayo I'm gettin' cake hoe If you don't love Cash Money you can stay broke Fifty on the chain twenty for the piece A grand for the bitch the whip is not a lease You know I'm stuntin' hard Phantom in the front yard Put Ross on the front just to front hard Cash Money money comin' on freight liners Cash Money got me buyin' these great diamonds [Chorus - T-Pain - 2X] [Verse 2 - Birdman] We got the swine wit' the suede on top The money keep a-comin' nigga peep the droptops The white keep cookin' and the beige raw rock And we flip the whole bird mama cookin' out the pots Keep the tool in my hand 'cause we get it 'round the clock Untangle few knots but we still flood the blocks Them niggaz poppin' shit but they know we stay cocked And if they ever play wit' me I'm gettin' another till dropped 250 on the grill spent the same on the watch Them hoes see us winnin' so you know they gon' flock I bought another island wit' them foreign head lights I scored a hundred birds and they flew the same night Them laws keep a-watchin' so we shinin' so bright Got the tags on the windows and them brand new bikes Big Money Heavyweight nigga that's my life Neighborhood superstars got the candy on the whips and the bike nigga [Chorus - T-Pain - 2X] [Verse 3 - Lil Wayne] Started wit' some hubbers 12 years old Maan I swear to God I was 12 years old My mama didn't know and Stunna ain't know 'bout it 'Til the day I got shot they found some money in my pocket Yeah... I know a nigga named Big Rufus that'll break ya off Them niggaz runnin' up the terminal we takin' off They say that money turn a model bitch into a dog And I got a couple Eva Pigfords in my backyard Nigga I mack hard bitch I'm a bad boy Fuck a security guard I turn 'em into track stars You know my name baby that's Weezy Fuckin' Baby And if that nigga hatin' on ya then fuck him baby I tell 'em fuck 'em girl 18 inch windows in my crib you'll see the whole world Bitch what you tryna do? I haven't spent a check yet off Tha Carter 2 I am that fuckin' dude now who the fuck are you? [Chorus - T-Pain - 2X] [music to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman & Lil Wayne Album: Like Father, Like Son Song: Don't Die Typed by: mjscher@gmail.com Yeah...Yeah Check me out man..Yeah [Lil Wayne] Original gangsta, black clothes and bangers Bullet shells and chambers, fill the L's up We stay low from the ranges cause they tryin to tame us, but we brainless And just think, I'm one sell out record away from being famous Shit I guess I ain't it You could paint it how you may, but I remain this gangsta 'til the day I lay where the worms stay I spit it for my nigga's sake I spit it for myself a long time ago Got a few houses, few whips, few condos I'm so straight I'm pointin The game is hurtin, and baby boy the ointment Baby boy the president now Shit you gotta make an appointment Two record labels You should come join 'em Do check the label And make sure it's yellow or rose 'fore you bring it to my table [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Gansta's don't die, they get chubby and they move to Miami, I move to Miami I'm banned from Wet Willies, but a nigga like fuck it I'm still a G, thuggin out in public, believe it Gansta's don't die, they get chubby and they move to Miami, I move to Miami I'm banned from Wet Willies, but a nigga like fuck it I'm still a G, thuggin out in public, straight up [Birdman] Yeah... Nigga playin, doing about 180 Mazeratti, matchin drop top sun shade Gotta be fly, P1 nigga, spent about five on a condo high in the sky G4 whenever, fly in any weather Had to pop a few pussies that was bad feathers Million on the floor Thats fo' sho' that lil' homie got the flow, so we all just goin flow And don't think about the past A little water came, now we floatin on everything Niggaz doing about anything, killin while they hustlin Niggaz puttin it in for the change So we headed to the game, Culpepper gettin his roll on I'm on the side with that bling And outside, got them thangs Them Phantoms out there, we do it up, switchin lanes [Lil Wayne] Naw, don't fuck with that dogg Yo, I'm gonna knock your fuckin head off And I'm coming back hard Stunner get me to work, and I'm runnin that off I'm comin back with it, and let my team split it With a swagger you can't get, naw you can't get it Shit, bitch I pop like Diddy, I pop like when he goin stop? When it's empty And you still drawing Leonardo D'Vinci [Birdman] Trap me, I'm in there early, gettin money ridin dirty Uptown puttin in down blowin out the pound Duffle bag full of cash when I come around The lil' homie got the game so I put him down Hold my town, world wide wearin a crown Like father like son, got it off the mound Like father like son, nigga's stand their grounds Like father like son, nigga fuck them clowns [Birdman] (over chorus) Yeah nigga, Un-fuckin-believable I know y'all hear some more shit about me and my little young nigga You know, they mouth like they ass Anything will come outta that motherfucker ya' heard me Big shouts to all them cities who opened your arms to us nigga And let us through that motherfucker, ya' heard me Cause that water ran us out that motherfucker, but we did bounce back Believe that 305, 404, 713, all that, Dallas, Kansas Everybody ya' heard me, Oklahoma, yeah, everybody, the whole world The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman & Lil' Wayne Album: Like Father, Like Son Song: Ain't Worried 'Bout Shit Typed by: TonyMontana131@yahoo.com [Lil' Wayne] Ha.. I'm.. so cool [Baby] Yeah nigga, stand one, blow one nigga [LW] Bird.. man [B] I promise you, we gon' give 'em what they want 'til they come get us nigga [LW] Bird.. man, J-R, ya know [B] You feel me? When gon' chase it 'til we can't chase it no more So y'all might as well eat this food nigga And it got to be the best of the best One, come one shorty, get with me nigga [Lil' Wayne] See I, ride when I gotta, grind cuz I gotta Milk this game 'til it's sour Why I gotta do the backstreets when it's hotter Even though the boy smooth sellin' like Prada, speak up The tool yellin' like, holla, y'heard me? Got the fools bailin' like Jackie, Kersee You try join him, I can help you with that I'm important in rap but I'm special with gats You know the young god bless you in fact, like you sneezed or somethin' Even with a stack of money in they hand, they ain't squeezin' nothin' I'm Weezy fuck it Leave a motherfucker wheezin' when I asthma pump him, yeah And I don't ask for nothin' boy, I only ask them buggy boy And as for money, watch the young god turn cash to money Cuz that's him [Chorus 2x: Lil' Wayne] Yea, and we ain't stressin' 'bout shit We grindin' like a mo'fucker tryin' stay rich The cops on my trail so my track I switch See niggaz with money shouldn't act like this [Baby] Yeah, pimpin', there's some fraud 'round here Nigga better stop hatin' before they disappear I see the same ol' shit and pop the same ol' shit 'til your neighborhood hit, bitch Disrespect that Nolia dogg Them third world Hot Boy soldiers dogg And make a nigga understand when you fuckin' with a soldier with the grandmaster plan nigga I'm tryin' to make a few million buy a few buildings, one day stop dealin' And go and raise my children Got it on my mind, that's the way a nigga livin' I bring ya back '84 Dope game jumpin' when the water hit the flo' nigga Cuz we was doin' it dogg Everybody gettin' money, we was doin' it dogg [Lil' Wayne] Weezy, and I ride to the end of the road and I'm hotter than a fire on the end of the fo' and plenty times I had to get it from the flo' But I made it to the ceilin' and every wall could hear me And if these walls could talk, they probably cry Like the strings on the guitar And see you, you with that bullshit that's leighway to the do' Only to cut off the lights, g'night [Baby] Look, it's Sunday, we in the hood gettin' our groove on Every nigga uptown gotta have they tool on Yeah, and they Birdman'd down Nigga represent the bling cuz I hold my own crown nigga Shit, a hood rich high clique That come from the slums where they pack extra clips, I love 'em nigga the only way that we know is how to flip and rescore 'em and go and get some more dough, nigga [Baby] Yeah, this grindin' to another linin' nigga Know what I'm sayin'? If you in the way, you'll get moved over nigga Think I'ma let one of you bitch niggaz stop me from gettin' a billion dollars nigga? Fuck ya and what ya made of nigga Y'understand? Nigga got a problem with this shit That's your shit nigga Suck a nigga dick a die nigga Birdman, made man nigga Yeah, that's how it's goin' diggity nigga Fuck anything in between If you in the line of duty nigga you got your issue, feel me? One The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman & Lil Wayne Album: Like Father, Like Son Song: Out the Pound Typed by: kmk200420v@yahoo.com [Hook: Birdman] We got the diamond in the back (Yea) Tinted rolled up (Yea) Blowin' out the pound In a brand new truck Where ya at wit' it? Let's go and get it If you a real d-boy Money over bitches [Intro over the hook] Yea, this one here for uptown I know we lost a lot that we gon' never get back All the time, but it's a must that we do this here homeboy Yea, uptown already nigga! [Verse 1: Birdman] Slap a bitch wit' a pound and a ki Twenty of them thangs, ten on my street Hundred at my crib, ten fo' a beat Fifty on a Caddy wit' the swine suade seats Twenty on a bike, third world peace Two on the yaucht, million on the fleet Fo' five fo' a pound of that leaf A hundred dollaz for a chopper on the streets We uptown, we gon' ride 'til we die nigga We stay fresh, get money stay fly nigga Ain't nuttin' changed I ride them skinny tires Wit' the candy on the slab, on the buttons wit' them twenty-fives From no money nigga, now we talk Ca$h Money From lil' money nigga, now we talk big money From no nothin' now we all sayin' somethin' Mo' money nigga, mo' money nigga [Hook] - 2X [Verse 2: Birdman] What it do H-Town? Wha's up B-Town? Wha's up A-T-L? Chea Hit the town in a Phantom and a G Wit' two pounds, two broads and a suite Two toned everything a nigga see Burnin' rubber in these motherfuckin' streets Made man, ol' head taught me Like father, like son we a G Sixty-four seventy-eight tiger seats Ol' school drop tops on the beach Birdman, we do this 'cuz we stunnas Ain't nuttin' changed in them brand new Hummas Hood rich, we do it fo' the numbas Tha fo' fives and the tens and the hundreds Two fifteen nigga talkin' cash shit Got a hundred from my bitch she a badd bitch Money won't change nigga neva average That's why I'm livin' this bitch so lavish [Hook] - 2X [Verse 3: Birdman] Yea nigga We been blowin' out the pound all day hustlin' Ya heard me? And this is how we get down at the end of the night After all that grindin' Shit I'm in the club, hoez showin' love Nigga know we got it, that's why they wanna plug Pussy poppin' shit, like they wanna thug Knowin' they ain't 'bout it and them clips gon' bust I got stacks, that's jus' how it is Boy Mack supa fly in a Coupe Deville And got birds in the field Grindin' all the time Tryna get a mill' Neighborhood superstar, third world gangsta I put mines in, did a lil' more thinkin' Shine in the summer Minx in the winter Ice year round Twenty on the pinky Damn my town Went down sinkin' Made my rounds Bounced back bankin' Neva fold That's what make me Make the money Don't let it break ya [Hook] - 2X Yea That's what it do nigga We better hustlaz than you nigga Money longer than yours lil' nigga Believe that One hundred Wha's up Weezy baby? Them niggaz can't see us man We barely can see us, ya heard? {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman & Lil Wayne Album: Like Father, Like Son Song: Leather So Soft Typed by: sinistaboy@yahoo.com [Chorus - Lil Wayne] My leather so soft My top so soft I'll probably have it off these niggaz so soft And I go so hard Bitch I go so hard... she said My leather so soft My top so soft I'll probably have it off these niggaz so soft And I go so hard Bitch I go so hard... [Verse 1 - Lil Wayne] I get money hoe fuck what you talkin' 'bout Straight out the slaughterhouse straight out the dragon's mouth Fire you can't put out tires are standin' out The coupe look pigeon-toed I be in a different mode I be wit' them different hoes No I mean them different hoes I mean them Weezy bumbaclot different hoes And as far as terrific goes They kiss that dick wit' no mistletoes Diamonds and pearls and pussyholes snortin' coke til they nose bleed I'm sittin' high on them inches I'm in the nosebleeds I'm on a paper chase until my toes bleed Then I get on these beats and let my soul bleed I put 'em in ya head and watch the holes bleed My rag always red like when them hoes bleed Now that's coldbleed I mean cold blooded And I'm so southern that's why my leather so soft [Chorus - Lil Wayne] [Verse 2 - Birdman] She soft as a bush nigga she purple like kush nigga We high on that money nigga we get it from cook nigga Hit her wit' that crook nigga fuckin' wit' crooks nigga Know we 'bout that money and we stackin' like books nigga Know what I do nigga them teardrops is true nigga We stay so fly ride Bentley coupes nigga Rolls Royce ganishes and asses by the beaches Blowin' on that puff and we drivin' foreign features Higher than whoever nigga know we 'bout that cheddar nigga Know I got a tommy gun gave one to my young'n son And we got it together Forty-seven fifty-one you gon' hear us when we come daddy [Chorus - Lil Wayne] [Verse 3 - Lil Wayne] You see the paper gon' come if not I'm gon' get it I gotta die wit' money 'cause I wasn't born wit 'it It was 9-27-82 baby do Charity Hospital aka the city zoo no pity due to No one nobody not all man They dropped us in the game and everybody's tryna ball And the small hand'll touch ya the large hand'll cut ya But until that day I'll be a motherfuckin' stunna... nigga [Birdman] Ball 'til I fall I done did it for my dawgs Ball 'til I fall I done did it for y'all Ball 'til I fall I done did it for me nigga Ball 'til I fall that's the way it's gon' be nigga Up in the early I done did it for sunshine Candy on the paint everytime I touch mine Nine stay cocked 'cause I'm good wit' firin' mines Alligator wit' the suede ridin' them 25's [Chorus - Lil Wayne] [music to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman & Lil Wayne Album: Like Father, Like Son Song: Army Gunz Typed by: sinistaboy@yahoo.com Yeah yeah yeah (I got army gunz) Yeah yeah yeah (I-I-I got army gunz) Yeah yeah yeah (I-I-I-I got army gunz) Yeah yeah yeah (I-I-I-I-I got army gunz) Now ya know I play it like a pro in the game Now ya know I play it like a pro in the game Now ya know I play it like a pro in the game Now ya know I play it like a pro in the game [Lil Wayne] Okay I'm out 'chea you niggaz done started it ya ordered it Bullet find a home in ya arteries pardon me But them niggaz won't touch not a part of me bet on it Them niggaz belong in a sorority ain't that a bitch Burn they bodies up for the authorities no evidence You gon' stop fuckin' wit' them warriors from New Orleans And I really think that it'd be better if I just hit ya block wit that baretta and hop out and let her rip Let her bang let her bust etcetera etcetera You niggaz is scared of the southern part of America Here it come got her done never caught without one Niggaz wanna ball so I guess I gotta bounce 'em Smokin' on a ounce of that shit from the mountains People say I need to stop no I need a counselor And I'm here you are gonna need a chopper And I'ma need a lawyer and you gon' need a doctor Why? Because... [Lil Wayne] Get at 'em we hit 'em up if they rattin' Niggaz ain't fuckin' wit' the boy them niggaz softer than satin I'm feelin' awfully aggy yes I walk wit' the maggy I tell him park in a alley and leave 'em parked in the alley Niggaz talkin' about me but they ain't talkin' it at me 'Cause if they talkin' it at me then I'm just talkin' to caskets All that talkin' is pussy bitch you better make ya words strong 'Cause the shit gettin' chiseled on ya tombstone What they do I got a chopper in the UHaul Make a real nigga bring it back to '92 dog Bring his ass to the river drop the fool off Hope he can swim wit' them concrete shoes on I got the gun right beside me who don't? Got beef homie I was just gettin' hungry When you come bitch you better bring a army We can do it in the streets and throw a gansgta party nigga Why? Because... [Lil Wayne] Thirty shots in the clip niggaz let's trip Line 'em up put 'em down on the guest list These niggaz 'bout to make me go Rambo I'ma take the shit as far as it can go War is the answer if ya questionin' the general Snap shots at'cha baby you are just a centerfold And less Kenneth Cole niggaz seem plenty bold Pull that bitch out alright don't make me get my fishin' pole Them niggaz hoes really doe I would swing down there wit' any O Forty-Fo' and let 'em go Let 'em know that I ain't never been sweet and won't be Yes I'll be right here on the ground when you want me Make a nigga have to come back like wit' the smack Thomas bitch I promise I'll kill ya and that's a fact And I ain't never killed no one jack But I'm honest bitch I promise I'll kill ya and that's a fact Why? Because... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman & Lil Wayne Album: Like Father, Like Son Song: Get That Money Typed by: sinistaboy@yahoo.com [Verse 1 - Lil Wayne] I know some niggaz that'll merk ya for a quarter birdy You bitch ass niggaz just be lucky that the boy ain't hurtin' I got the money to lag and I got that swagger workin' I'm smokin' somethin' I can't pronounce behind them Phantom curtains What is you holl'in' bitch I'm on some gangsta shit She wanna make me dinner I tell her make me rich You fuckin' wit' a winner but I come from a little Hoe but bet I can take that dirt and turn that shit glitter I leave the work wit' her yeah she my baby sitter And if I find out she stealin' for realer I'ma kill her I'm just a money maaan so where the dollars at ??? beat that until them flowers black She wanna ride on this I make her ride wit' that Her pistol in the ceilin' that's her survival pack And do I love her nawww man I just love her spirit Blind deaf or crazy it's money over bitches [Chorus - Lil Wayne - 2X] Now everybody that I know get that money baby And we ain't worryin' 'bout them hoes get that money baby You get that cooked or that blow you done called a baller If you ain't talkin' 'bout that dough homie what'cha talkin' [Verse 2 - Birdman] So get'cha game up take a bitch break a bitch Strap her down wit' work and tell her don't trip take a trip Get'cha hustle up the money's what you make of it These niggaz want it cooked and I done closed down the bakery So stop stuntin' homie false promotin' It ain't about what'cha makin' it's about what ya totin' Burn him up leave him naked bring him back to his wife The bitch ain't even cry 'cause he was livin' that life These niggaz think I'm slippin' 'cause I'm fallin' back Bitch I got money in the walls for that Young'n get it from the ground homie hold the hood down and Don't make a sound if them people swing around this bitch Do ya thang whoa' hustle try to stay low This is for my old school G's who ain't around this bitch But shawty they ain't fuckin' wit' pops Let them niggaz chase that pussy we gon' follow that guap... yeah [Chorus - Lil Wayne] [Verse 3 - Birdman] Fifty stacks in the garden in the backyard Money talkin' turn a key into a crack charge Y'all niggaz ain't eatin' how we eatin' B Fuck how we used to be now we how we need to be If they ain't wit' us they must be against us We shoot 'em in the head 'cause they act like they senseless If you ain't gettin' bread nigga keep yo' distance We sharks over here nigga keep on fishin' [Lil Wayne] Money money money is my intuition Money over bitches such an easy decision Young Money money men monster militia Hardbody these niggaz boxes of tissue That nina will kiss ya that chopper will twist ya Them .380 snapshots now smile for the pictures Weezy motherfuckin' Baby pay me My 9-to-5 is overrated I'm on that grind hoe [Chorus - Lil Wayne] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman & Lil Wayne Album: Like Father, Like Son Song: No More Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com I got the brown bag full of money I got the work goin to florida and I swore that I won't ever hustla no more but I don't never say that no more got my mind right nah I got the brown bag full of money I got the work goin to florida and I swore that I won't ever hustla no more but I don't never say that no more got my mind right money right The pots hot as the rock expands it the paper chasin man on the clock like hands grindin like teeth get money like heath cliff hukstable keep it comin like keith gotta meke last forever for worse or for better gotta make it past the devil so guns I got several and everybody plays the fool says aaron nevelle but I just play to win holler back like heavy metal smellin like pedals from a rose so they hoes my breads buildin bagels and legos when I rose they froze trust me for the pesos I'm an a hole AK holes think face blow and understand talkin money by the case loads gun off safety I'm in safe mode I will hold court until the case closed brown bag bitch I got the brown bag full of money I got the work goin to florida and I swore that I won't ever hustla no more but I don't never say that no more got my mind right nah I got the brown bag full of money I got the work goin to florida and I swore that I won't ever hustla no more but I don't never say that no more got my mind right money right young new investment aint no turnin me back had the rubber band stacks in the button king sack and I aint never goin back sike I love the life standin under the street ilght tryin to get off that white at a reasonable price nah I aint tryin to bargain wit ya niggas hatin well I guess they gonna be starvin wit you I got 2 jobs I sell and cop shit like father like son well I was adopoted I told the birdman stunna gimme a chance and I don't even wanna tell you waht I did with my advance cause I'm only a man I had to feed my fam takin that hood shit and copped about 24 grams man I guess it is what it is it was what it was before the rap game I waas sellin drugs either way I'm six figures before my first record I'll stunt yall don't respect my my work habits I'm a hustla I got the brown bag full of money I got the work goin to florida and I swore that I won't ever hustla no more but I don't never say that no more got my mind right nah I got the brown bag full of money I got the work goin to florida and I swore that I won't ever hustla no more but I don't never say that no more got my mind right money right yeah thank you up nigga uptown from an 8 to a quarter from a half to a brick from an 0 to the ozies that how I'm hood rich and murder was the case got me emptyin a lot clips stunna hollerin birdman nigga right back in this bitch 3rd world throw the u up I'm rollin in the whip with this money on my mind gotta hustla and to lift them high rise dealin me and youngin on some shit breaking bread choppin millions cause a bitch aint shit told as a youngin how roll with the chopper if money on your block for the money ima pop ya nigga wanna hate but they money wouldnt stop us from ridin fly whips now they hoe out jockin we stunnin while ya hating nigga stunna is what made ya I hear ya poppin shit but the birdman raised ya bitch birdman got an army birdman got a navy and cash money can't save ya I got the brown bag full of money I got the work goin to florida and I swore that I won't ever hustla no more but I don't never say that no more got my mind right nah I got the brown bag full of money I got the work goin to florida and I swore that I won't ever hustla no more but I don't never say that no more got my mind right money right The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne & Birdman Album: Like Father, Like Son Song: High Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com Ohhhwe, ten mins classic daddy, what you know about that? Cash Money, Young Money, haha, Weezy Wee, where ya at wit' it daddy? Shit, please believe it [Lil Wayne] We back Yea, the flow won't leave him I promise baby, I'm in my song Wizzle, c'mon, wha [Verse 1, Lil Wayne] One-ninety proof, sub-nine in a shiny coupe Up-towners inside the booth, shut down anybody who Come 'round with a lolly gag, leave found in a body bag Legs stiff, toes green, give him a title tag Flossy nigga, but there lies a killer behind the flesh Bossy nigga, so presidential thanks to my dad Gotta add, how I got four states to call a pad I'm mad as a mothafucker, why? I'm rich! Buy a bag brotha, get a nigga high, I'm lit I'm bad, I, hit'chu in ya eye and ya bitch I, hit'cha where ya hide, now ya it, ah, now ya sick Hot Boy baby, yea, hot cars, stock car, rock star What'cha know about it? It's not four baby's Unless ya Weezy F Baby And, please say the Baby when say it, mothafucker [Hook, Lil Wayne] Ridin' in my wheels, late nite Left arm on the steerin' wheel Red light, cops in my rear-view But fuck them cause I'm high Yeah, yeah, baby I'm so high Uh huh, again Ridin' in my wheels, late nite Left arm on the steerin' wheel Red light, cops in my rear-view But fuck them cause I'm high That's right, baby I'm so high [Baby] Yeah nigga, yeah, one hundred, one hundred Yeah  [Verse 2, Baby] See we ride for flame nigga, a G to my name nigga I do's my thang nigga, I'm gettin' this change nigga So who's to blame nigga, about the game nigga They said I did it, so fuck them niggas I gave the plan nigga, I gave the game nigga I'm doin my thang, and still, fuck them niggas I know the lane nigga, I know the pain nigga I know the fame, and still, fuck them niggas Nigga, yeah we chillin' with them bitches on us Holla nigga, while we countin' our hood riches Thinkin' bout all the hood niggas Never got a chance to hit lic's for them six figures Nigga, and if you doin' it how we done it nigga Watch for the law, cause we knew when it was comin' nigga And every summer had Hummer's nigga Spent a million dollars like it wasn't nothin' nigga [Hook, Lil Wayne] C'mon Ridin' in my wheels, late nite Left arm on the steerin' wheel Red light, cops in my rear-view But fuck them cause I'm high Yeah, yeah, baby I'm so high Uh huh, again Ridin' in my wheels, late nite Left arm on the steerin' wheel Red light, cops in my rear-view But fuck them cause I'm high That's right, baby I'm so high [Verse 3, Lil Wayne] Yo, check it And no bitch can't, and no nigga won't Fuck with me, play with me, no Cause I got me fo' sho' And I got D's to blow, fo' sho' Come on, now if ya feel me put'cha guns in the air Pull 'em out, and let the playa haters know that it's there Bang that mothafucker, and pop that mothafucker Yeah, fall back young man, who? Weezy Baby, a hundred grand, ya understand? Yeah, wife beater fittin' me perfect, exactly Jeans fallin' off my ass, pocket cash showin' Rock n' roll, we can rock to my pad, yeah Cold Saki shots, chilled Petrone, half a glass, yeah Whoa, now she hot, now it's on, now she bent I let her clothes drop, while she goin' to my bed And I'm goin to my bed right behind her Got a couple questions in her pussy I picked the night to find 'em And, I might define 'em if, I hit from right behind her And get her how I got her, now she diggin' my persona She, like a virgin, but, like Madonna I don't believe her at all, I'm just tryna ride ya Until the seats fall off, but we good This is Cash Money, Young Money, get it understood [Hook, Lil Wayne] C'mon Ridin' in my wheels, late nite Left arm on the steerin' wheel Red light, cops in my rear-view But fuck them cause I'm high Yeah, yeah, baby I'm so high Yeah, again Ridin' in my wheels, late nite Left arm on the steerin' wheel Red light, cops in my rear-view But fuck them cause I'm high That's right, baby I'm so high The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman & Lil Wayne f/ Daz Dillinger, Kurupt Album: Like Father, Like Son Song: Cali Dro Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Birdman] So light it up and pass the thang to me I'm fresh off patrol I could smoke a whole P Can smell it in my clothes you can smell it in my seats that's how a nigga rolls i was raised in them streets i'm rolling up a sweet, I'm fillin' it with keef I'm too high to talk bitch, keep it real brief IF it ain't about money, you don't even gotta speak I smoke it in a paper, Weezy smoke it in a leaf And nigga I'mma Stunna, I got runnas And we keep them shotguns like hunters We smoke thunder, it put me under I'm talkin' bout straight purple kush that thundas See I be fuckin' with them trees, cuz I'm straight out tha jungle Keep about five pounds and we ain't even tryin' to hustle Ya'll already know how that go [Lil Wayne] I get my kush from California, get my dro from Arizona I can get it cross the boarder, I got a Ryda name Winona And I be calmer than a somma, inside of the phantom And it's lookin' like a sauna, and I still stay high and I still got my diploma And I still keep the maggie on me like a Homer And I'm too sick, man, I'm spittin' out a coma And I'm still lettin' the money pile like goma And I smoke that kill, ya'll blowin' on begonias And I keep a fill of that grass like a farmer And I keep that armor, try me and I'll spin you around I'll be with the stars and I ain't talkin' Tinsel Town That's right the present town, bitches tear the fences down Like prince in town, boy I shits a pound of that purple rain on the marvin's day You wit me now? Too high you can't set me down [Daz] We got that AK47 white right on set painted And named it orange purple kush that million dollar top brand [Kurupt] I got that white ivory ice tee, docters requestin' dope weed Blazin' up so much bomb, I got a bad bitch on my side [Daz] See see we just smokin' we just smokin' We just tryin' to fire up If you got the bomb bomb nigga come and light it up [Kurupt] Yeah blaze up ain't nothin like ridin' by, drivin' high Me and all the homies smokin', dumpin' if you chokin' smokin [Daz] Smoke slow when they hit you cuz you might pass out [Kurupt] Look over at the bitches, snatch a blunt up out a mouth bitch [Daz] Switch it to another scene, that has you smokin' endo green [Kurupt] Some homies be on that lean, mix it with that endo weed [Daz] Because we fucked up we fucked up, you know that we fucked up [Kurupt] I like to smoke and drink, with that nympho plated thang [Daz] Because we fucked up, we fucked up, you know that we fucked up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman & Lil Wayne f/ Fat Joe Album: Like Father, Like Son Song: About All That Typed by: sinistaboy@yahoo.com [Verse 1 - Lil Wayne] Young desperado straight out the grotto I'm so bad my shadow chooses not to follow Little nigga but see me as a fuckin' rhino Lil Weezy hit this bitch like Rocky Marciano It's a drought ain't it? How the fuck would I know? Nigga I been gettin' my Cher in (share in) like Sonny Bono I ran the streets... check my bio I started high wit' two O's just like Ohio I'm fuckin' nuts... cashews But I'm so DC like fat shoes I skate away... like later dudes! Never get caught baby I'm mashed potato smooth And just when it stopped... I made it move Respect me nigga I'm a dog... no Asian food I wet up the party so have a bathin' suit And daisy dukes you bitch ass nigga [Chorus - Lil Wayne] Keep talkin' that shit that you talkin' And we gon' have to get into some gangsta shit My nigga... keep talkin' that shit that you talkin' And we gon' have to get into some gangsta shit My nigga... 'Cause you aint really even 'bout all that You ain't really even 'bout all that And don't'cha forget.. I know ya you ain't 'bout all that You ain't never been about all that... fall back [Verse 2 - Fat Joe] Niggaz must want Joey to lean on 'em Flash the binky splash his dreams on 'em Let 'em sleep on it it's nothin' to Crack Lay the murder game down back to hustlin' packs Yeah Weezy homie's got yo' back whether raps or macks Either way they both spit like BRRRRAT! Nigga... them muhfuckas is broke like them levies And we done sold so much dope ain't shit you tell me Nigga... how you want it ??? coke or dog food? My shit'll have you runnin' naked like an old school And yeah we 'bout it 'bout it and you ain't ridin' on me Unless ya got a whole fuckin' suicidal warmin' And I'm a rider homie and you can find it on me That 40 cal'll get you ??? This shit is funny to me All these niggaz frontin' war but they runnin' from me... Crack! [Chorus - Lil Wayne] [Verse 3 - Birdman] I had 'em as lil' niggaz raised 'em 'round real niggaz Poppin' bottles fuckin' wit' them bitches nigga Made money to the ceilin' me and my young nigga Chillin' I'm in the streets hustlin' gettin' money nigga Changed all my new shoes nigga got some new tools Nigga got some mo' jewels we was gettin' money And ain't nothin' ever changed still doin' the thang Still gettin' money still spendin' change We hustlin' from Sunday to Sunday And we grindin' everyday like the money ain't comin' Nigga... yeah we ridin' woodgrains and minks Got the dope in the Hummer cold case for that thang I hate the law for what they done did they broke in niggaz cribs Wish I woulda caught 'em I'dda split they fuckin' wig 3rd Ward let me claim my fame I put it down Uptown I'ma do my thang believe dat [Chorus - Lil Wayne] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman & Lil Wayne f/ Swizz Beats Album: Like Father, Like Son (Bonus Disc) Song: Brown Paper Bag Typed by: kmk200420v@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist All brown paper bag (Uh-Oh) All brown paper bag (Uh-Oh) All brown all brown - Fi-Fi-Fill (Haha) it up wit' more [Hook - Lil Wayne] All brown paper bag -Fill it up wit' ones (Like Father, Like Son biatch!) All brown paper bag - Fill it up wit' ones (Angel on the beat) Fill it - Fill it up wit' ones (I tell 'em I tell 'em) [Verse 1 - Lil Wayne] I got that paper bag full of paper Bag full of kush Big choppa I can hit you from a hundred foots Wha's happenin' Wardy? How you on it buddy? Dem bitches checkin' for me Tell 'em I'm wit' Swizz Swizzy They call me Wizzy Fizzy Holla back right now I'm busy I am the president You jus' play your position And I hope that door don't hit ya Get up outta my office crawfish Don't let them sharkys get ya This beat's a car collision Check out my car collection Yea look at my rims hoe Mercades wit' them kidneys Naw that's a Benzo I don't pop them pills no But I pop them rubber bands Man I can get like fifty thousand in that brown bag [Hook x3] [Verse 2 - Birdman] Yea, nigga Cook a whole, make it out a whole and a half bitch! Yea, Birdman in a Benz wit' the duffel stuffed Gotta chopper wit' a drum and one iced up Them people hot around my way but we don't give a fuck We on the grind for the shine tryna come up A black mack, black six, and a black Hummer Them thirteen hundreds fourteen hundreds We be gettin' money Drop it off, get to work nigga keep it runnin' Garbage bag full of cash nigga keep it comin' In my hood Red Phantom nigga we be stuntin' Got the block blocked off nigga we be hustlin' Brown duffel bag filled up wit' cash Sixteen years old wit' a brand new Jag bitch! [Hook x2] [Verse 3 - Swizz Beats] Get it up In the air Get it up In the air N-N-N-Now money cars clothes hoes All a nigga know so I'm from the ghetto so Gimmie my pesos All brown paper bag I could fill it up wit' ones Nigga fill it up wit' ones Hey fill it up wit' ones ?????? Dancer Dancer Dancer Hey hey stuff it in the thang dog Damn right I be poppin' my collar In a all black Impala Makin' fiends wanna holla Got the suade on my headrest Gold on my damn bracelet Hey triple gold nigga Sucka I ain't ridin' thin You want me come and get me I'm in 360 (Ferrari man) Ca$h Money's wit' me! [Hook x3] Like father, like son (repeat to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Robin Thicke Album: Tha Carter II Song: Shooter Typed by: junooni_@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne] Yea, yea, yea Weezy baby y'all, don't get shot Rappin' fire, what you know about it I brought my homie along for the ride He strapped, he came here to come out the barrel [Robin Thicke] I heard some shouts like "Down on the floor" Then even louder we got shooters, shooter I turn around, I was starin' at chrome Shotgun watches door, got security good Jumped right over counter Pointed gun at, wink, he tell her I'm your shooter, shooter, shooter My hands up, my hands up They want me with my hands up Oh, shooter (2x) [Lil Wayne] I think they want me to surrender But no, I can't do it (2x) So many doubt 'cause I come from the South But when I open up my mouth, all bullets come out Bang! Die bitch nigga die I hope you bleed a lake I'ma play x-ray, helpin' y'all see the fake I'm just tryin' to be the great, tryin' to get a piece of cake Take it offa your plate, eat it right in your face They got a whole lot to say but I don't listen Call me automatic Weezy bitch I keep spittin', pow [Robin Thicke] + (Lil Wayne) With all these riches and, all these riches But ain't no loaners around They thinkin about shooters that-shooters that Guns-Girls-Ladies that-Gunners that Shoot shoot shoot shoot shooter Put my hands up They want me with my hands up They want me with my hands up Oh, shooter [Lil Wayne] + (Robin Thicke) But I'm not I just cry mama, I think they, hey Me think they want me to surrender (Shooter) And to the radio stations, I'm tired o' being patient Stop bein' rapper racists, region haters Spectators, dictators, behind door dick takers It's outrageous, you don't know how sick you make us I want to throw up like chips in Vegas But this is Southern face it If we too simple then y'all don't get the basics [Robin Thicke] Lady walks into a shotgun surprise Dropped to her knees saw her life before her eyes He said "Bitch is gonna get it", everybody gon regret it I'm your, shooter My hands up, my hands up They want me with my hands up Oh, Shooter (2x) [Lil Wayne] + (Robin Thicke) Me won't surrender, me no pretender Sock soakin' wet I been runnin' y'all I reload, every hundred yards I'm comin' forward Better know me, Lil Wayne just call me lord Hard, take pain like Tylenols, raw Way past par, for, I'm some shit you never saw I take you to the shootout baby win lose or draw And then they ask who when where how And, my reply was simply pow! Mama, I think they, hey, me think they want me to surrender (Shooter, my hands up, my hands up, they want me to surrender) (2x) No, me won't surrender, no, no I promise no surrender I got my burner And I'm your shooter The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: LilWeezyAna Song: David Banner Typed by: r_shadows@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lil Wayne] Chrome on the monster leather intestines Wit' a top model and a contestants I'ma Rottweiler yes I'ma rock 'n' roller It's Weezy Fuckin' Baby yeah straight up out the stroller [Verse] Chrome on the monster leather intestines With a top model and a contestines I'ma Rottweiler yes I'ma rock 'n' roller It's Weezy Fuckin' Baby yeah straight up out the stroller I'm higher than the solar system of the twizzle I'm like Macaulay Culkin I was rich when I was pissin' On myself I'm ballin' You niggaz haterholics I'm jus' the recipe so you can save the garlic I'm like a set of keys I'm 'bout to get it started I smoke 'dem Beverly Hills from California 'Dem bitches after me so I put that paddle on 'em She rode my dick and said she shoulda put a saddle on 'em I watch out for 'dem snakes listen for that rattle homie And I ain't got a clique I got a cattle homie Wud up five kickin' back jus' bein' boo I'm talkin' foreign money like a European dude Yeah I'm heavy man so you should reconsider I hit you one time fuck up yo equilibrium I got rhythm yeah I got soul ya I travel all around the world like a postcard My flow cold fuck around and get a cold sore I got this bitch on lock like a closed door Weezy's real 'dem other' niggaz folklore I'm connected I got more hoods than a coat store I'm successful I got more shit than you can hope for And I got thru 'dat water like a boat ore Young, Carter the name Baby boy risin' like hot water and 'caine [Bridge] Whip it stretch it and flip it Reup stretch it and flip it [x3] [Verse 2] Reup, we up in the club we up in the club Money runnin' like water bitch get up in the tub I'm up in the club she up in the club he up in the club Now she can't leave so we fuck in the club Am I lucky or what Playboy Rabbit And I like big tongues like skateboard fashion I got more gurls than the Playboy Mansion I bet I serve 'em up like my name Pete Sampras And a nigga drink like the late Fred Sandford And a nigga smoke like there is no cancer And I know this world is so cold and deceivin' But I keep my head up like my nose is bleedin' Yeah, and until that chosen evenin' I'ma be screamin Apple and Eagle Yeah that's rite Apple and Eagle Hollygrove 17 I won't leave you Nope, and this is just the preview But I'm already workin on the sequel Fuck wit' me wrong I'll fuck wit' yo home Like a letter to the wife sayin' ya husband is gone Like Muslim I'm calm But like Muslim I'll bomb And beat the track up like a hundred arms I'm funky like underarms The engineers recordin a thunderstorm My hunger forms then ring the alarms The Carter 2 was nice but the third times a charm [Outro] Weezy Fuckin' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Lil Weezyana Vol. 1 Song: Show Me What You Got Typed by: Uneak_Won2G08@hotmail.com [Introduction] This Is a public service announcement Lil Wayne, Weezy F Baby IS the best rapper alive Hit me, haha, good mornin' New York Good afternoon New Orleans Goodnight America haha yeah Doe is what I got, little mama Doe is what I got, bird lady Doe is what I got, shorty Doe is what I got, baby Come on, I'm paid, I'm paid, I'm paid, I'm paid [Verse] Hay, give a women none, uh uh I already gave my brother some It's my sisters turn, ain't it funny how the fish do burn But your boy just relax like a fresh new perm As the world of the barrel of the pistol turn But we get it how we live never live and learn Got to talk about the flow cause you is concerned Only down south could of been in a firm Ah, the commission of Wu-Tang nigga Tryin to tell you I can kick like Liu Kang nigga Got that Sub-Zero flow how you want me mine Nigga get it over here like Scorpion And when it comes down to this recordin I must be LeBron James or be Jordan No, I want rings with my performance I'm more Kobe Bryant up in all this Same coat, same gang been startin Same triangle office, I come through the lane like a dargeant Referee niggas is lame they call Jargeant I have no brain, I'm retarted We all not the same, I'm a martian You can be my Jane, I'm your Tarzan I'm from the jungle where the snakeses are all poison I'am magnificant like Marcus You might wanna fall back like August Or lace up Timber or whatever you call it I hit niggas in the head like Vonage I'am talkin to no particular audience But understand I'm the the guardian And understand there wont be no guardin' him But you just get played like an accordin' I dont give a damn if she's bossit I keep pussy runnin' like a faucet She better catch light shes Steve Logdit Because I'm WHAT'S UP like Martin Haha wooo yeah see I know yall talk about me an an You dont like what you hear sometime Um um since im so bright im a put the spot light on you baby [Chorus Part 2] Show me what you bout little daddy I know what you need to stop, stop hatin I know what your not, wodie And that is Weezy baby Blunts up, now blaze, hay blaze, hay blaze, hay blaze I'm workin yeah Tell em where I take six Young dictionary make words make sense The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne * Album: LilWeezYana Song: Day Dreamin' Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com * Wayne doesn't appear on the song; actual artist is uncredited (Talking) We now return you to you're regular- scheduled programming I'm bout to bring out the whole- Young Money fam right now We gon' set this shit off My nigga Mac May for president G-series out in the streets right now Hit a nigga on MySpace or somethin' man Holla (Sample) Day dreamin' I fell asleep beneath the flowers For a couple of hours On a beautiful day Day dreamin'! (Hook) You already know What the fuck is poppin' Baby I'm what's hoppin-a I keep a Zip-Lock bag full of 'Dro And I keep a bad bitch wit' me on the low I'ma be a G until the day that I go I can feel it in the air The reaper's comin' slow (Verse 1) Shhh... I can hear the reaper comin' But I ain't scared Oh, no, no, I ain't runnin' Now when I walk past You might see an extra shadow Angels on my shoulders Are usin' me for a battle Spiritual warfare, good versus evil I even fought the demons as a semen Yes I was brought there Cursed ever since my day of birth Got a Heaven-sent flow Though, it's Hell on Earth (Hell on Earth) So wit' that in mind, I don't live for Prada I'm tryin'a stack n' mack, and got stigmata Tryin'a get the same fan base as Big Poppa Sometimes when I flow They say the southern Big's popped up They tell me "don't get mur'd, or get locked up" But I'm from Holly Grove I can't give the block up (Holly Grove) So til' the day they drop my box, fuck I'ma ride wit' my Glocks up You already know (Hook) You already know What the fuck is poppin' Baby I'm what's hoppin-a I keep a Zip-Lock bag full of 'Dro And I keep a bad bitch wit' me on the low I'ma be a G until the day that I go I can feel it in the air The reaper's comin' slow (Bring it home mang) I'm hitch hikin' on the highway of life You might see me on the side of the road (Who knew this nigga could sing?) I asked the Lord to be my coat and umbrella Cause outside it's rainin' cold It's so cold It's so cooold It's so cold (America) It's so cooold (Verse 2) I say, Miss America, Land of the Free You ain't never do nothin' For a brotha like me You sold me a dream of forty acres and a mule Then you turn that half-a-acre that I had, into a pool You get up on the news, lyin' bout how the levy's broke Now Weezy lost two Jags, and spitta's Chevy broke Flooded out engines, messed up suspensions You took everything we had Uncle Sam, you Satan fan (Hook) You already know What the fuck is poppin' Baby I'm what's hoppin-a I keep a Zip-Lock bag full of 'Dro And I keep a bad bitch wit' me on the low I'ma be a G until the day that I go I can feel it in the air The reaper's comin' slow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Mack Maine Album: Lil Weezyana Vol. 1 Song: Money in the Bank Typed by: Uneak_Won2G08@hotmail.com [Introduction] Money, I'm paid (blast off on these niggas) (Chorus) repeat 4X I got money on the drank And half on the dank (The greatest DJ in the world), (east side) [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] Yeah, thank god I'm a millionaire Hard body, these other boys teddy bears Fuck with me momma, I know you want a G And I'm a real blood, if you want R&B Just call me Carter honey, if you cant say the baby Bitch I'm so fuckin' hot, I feel radiated Hoe I'm so fuckin' fly, my eyes are aviaters I'm stuck at the top floor in the elevater Cause I'm high, dumb high Nigga, I could look into the sun's eyes Young guy, but rich though And I keep a rag on me like a 64, like a 64 You know I got that bounce It's mister-quick-to-pour-a-eighth into a 20 ounce Okay I'm Terminater, you niggas Minnie Mouse And I'm Young Money, anyhow Chorus Repeat 9X I got money on the drank (drank) And half on the dank (dank) (Mack Mizzle) [Verse 2: Mack Maine] It's hood shit baby, so you know it's all thug's Rockstar life, lotta sex and alot a drug's It's OG Kush, purple dro and kind bud Have a real nigga feelin' like he's so fucked up Have a fake nigga feelin' like he's so bucked up There go the weed man, spitta back the truck up There go the lean man, thugga we done lucked up I mix the two dro by my bitch and then we rough fuck I leave a Crego to the lot and pick a Jag' up If you was in my shoes, nigga you could brag cuz Weezy Wee got me, Baby he got me Young Money, Cash Money, bitch that's my posse 40. cals with brokes, safeties just try to rob me Million dollar man Ted DiBiase Now let me tell you, if I'm missin' a bush Shit'll get ugly than New York from the Flavor Of Love Chorus Repeat 9X Now we lean (lean) out our minds (out our minds) Rest In Peace to DJ Screw, we on the grind (on the grind) Cause we lean (lean) out our minds (out our minds) Rest In Peace to DJ Screw, we on the grind (on the grind) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: LilWeezyAna Song: Nigga Wit Money Typed by: r_shadows@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [hook] work on the kitchen table where the bags at [x3] work [x2] I'ma nigga wit money [x3] and I don't love dat bitch I tell er bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch make me rich I'ma nigga wit money and I don't love dat bitch [verse 1] yea, backpack full of stacks all the bitches love me don't compare to these rappers I'm on a diff'rent budget I ain't even gotta practice never gettin rusty no I ain't lookin down but I see no one above me the paper bag brown wit durty green money the bank acount good full of clean money fuck chain money I blow ring money I bet that mother fucka neva see the big money magazine money do a spread on me and you can turn ya back but never turn the feds on me read the note attached we got ya lil homey we need bread homey or das ya dead homey im like a corleone meet the fucking mob I can get you whacked or give ya ass a job weezy f. b I holla cmb coca cola classic caffine free [hook] [verse 2] stop playing wit me stop playin wit me bitch stop playing wit me stop playing wit me bitch I'ma cash money stunna on my 14 summa dick a bitch down n take erry thang from er now run to the kitchen I ain't hungry I ate bitch put 36 o's on my plate see my paw wuz cookin slabs while my mom wuz cookin dinner see my momma iz a chef n my daddy wuz a dealer grand daddy was a dealer and my auntie is a killer I hope she kno I luv her, pray the pigs never get er my brother still a baby n my uncle kinda raised me yaw pray for his wife cause dat cancer shit iz crazy my daughters so smart that it scares me her mother is an angel she's always there for me and me I'm just wild I think I need therapy because I'm goin after dat money no matter where it be [hook] [intro to "Myspace"] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: LilWeezyAna Song: Amen Typed by: r_shadows@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Raj Smooth, the greatest DJ in the world Yes! We about to say a prayer for all our loved ones (I'm a call this one real rap) Anybody you lost put them on yo heart cause this rap is real, light it up for 'em Ya Know I hope you ain't to tired to cry And I hope you know you ain't never to live to die [Lil Wayne] Listen I grew up where them people call them people on us Think we slangin but we just got beepers on us Grinding all day like we got sleep insomnia Living like the videos write a treatment on us Stuck in the hood like they poured cement on us Ghetto bird still shitin on us Government still quitting on us Lost a few homies and the grief's still sitting on us So we got they names written on us White folks still spitting on us And them bitch ass police k9's teeth still gritting on us But we smoke ashes still getting on us Older bitches still hitting on us I remember well BZ rolled a L, BZ ain't here Where's BZ at? BZ got killed And that was my nigga I go way back with my nigga But I know that's how it happened my nigga Shit is much deeper then this rapping, My nigga But know they all rappin, My niggas So now I must make it happen So I'm a play the captain Sail boat flapping My nigga No fingers I'm snapping Happy for my nigga lil Tagus Cause even though we couldnt The lord saved him Last time we seen him was when Katrina hated Shhh found his body like a month later Rest in peace boy He was a east boy And so was Wessy West He was a good nigga so I know he bless And his daughter is a princess This shit is harder than a bench press But let me keep going But I swear I got a lump in my throat But I'm a keep on pumping the flow So if I cry don't stop the beat I feel like my heart just stopped the beat My nigga lil Derek was quick to cop a key Either that or load the gat and go pop a G And because of that He's just a name in a rhyme of mine I pray his family in his momma's fine So much shit, just sit on this mind to mine I think about it all the time I drink about it all the time I smoke back to back Cause if my thoughts got to me I'd be in this rap Or I'll be in a can Thank god I had dreams of being a man Yeah And fuck a man with a badge Cause he ain't shit to a man on the edge The 5-0 killed Naudy, the good boy dead Man you would've thought they killed cornbread Shot him up face down on the lawn Not to mention wit his handcuffs on Not to mention they had plain clothes on And the complaint goes on But nobody do nothing about it The jail house and the morgue is to fucking crowded And hate is at an all time high Everybody gotta hater like a fucking ipod Shit and they tried to burn my Phantom up But I got my gun licenses I got my hammers up I'm ready to shoot like a ca-me-ra Stay still motherfucker I'm a have to write my will this summer Cause if they don't kill me I'm a kill this summer Yea And you can put that on my late father Or my late grandmother, Miss Mercedes Carter Or my grandfather Larry Balsock The old man hustled till his heart stopped And I know that my real pops had money No bank account that brown paper bag money Yea he might hit me off with a little brag money But that nigga still wouldn't be a dad for me But look how I turned out I hope he glad for me But that's why when I see him I acts mad funny Cause he a joke to me Don't message, don't call Don't talk to me It's just me and my momma How it suppose to be And I make sure she paid like she wrote for me And I know she gets all hope from me And I don't never wanna see her mope for me Hopefully! But Truthfully There is a day that's due for me But we gone pray that it's as far as the future sees You are listening to the future Weezy F. Baby. Amen [DJ Raj Smooth] Rest in peace to my cousin Kim Carbo my nigga Vick, Rest in my peace lil Harold shoutout to my nigga Steve land rest in peace pimp Quiet Storm in the building The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Juelz Santana Album: Da Drought 3 Song: Black Republicans Typed by: xxmerkutioxx@aol.com [Intro] Now this is what they've been waiting for Ya dig, Santana Weezy F.  Ay Wayne What up man What you been workin' on nigga? Oh you know, I got Currency's new album And prolly workin' on my album, ya dig Oh I'm ready to brush my shoulders off and drop my next album too nigga That's what it is But dig this, they wanna know what we been workin' on together That's that "I Can't Feel My Face Shit" they know that So if they ever thought the South and the North was gonna collide Guess what, we already did [Juelz Santana] I'm feelin' like a black Republican Naw, I can't call it More like a black Democrat runnin' 'em out of office Young Barack Obama, I'm all for it The Rock of Gibraltar has now fallen, on ya I protect my land like a farmer Pockets stay chubby like Tikara  Or should I say fat like the Parkers  Tote big guns like I'm still playin' Contra Y'all washed up like money that's laundered Y'all funny, I'm bonkers Honest, girls strapped to my dick like a harness Rock star, flier than an ostrich And I cover east, west, north, south like a compass I shall shine forever, never tarnish Money buried behind my house like a garden All green, my bank account's like a forest I Can't Feel My Face is gettin' started And Weezy is my accomplice, ya dig A black activist like Sonny Carson Stripes of a sergeant, salute me And chicks, I get 'em high Higher than turbulence is White Phantom, lookin' so Fergielicious I'm from the city of big drugs and murder victims Its get rich, go to jail and be a murder victim Ai! Now all y'all listen If you can't take the heat, get out the kitchen [Lil Wayne]  I feel like a black Republican Tote a MAC'n Republican Act so southern n' die for my brethren Money, money, money Like money Mac and publishing One life to live, never ask for a mulligan Streets call but the heat make me feel covenant Been done had cake day late like Anne Sullivan Fly like an eagle but no I'm no Donovan Boy you better go eat some soup with your mom n' them And my mind is on another continent I am real Cash Money, no counterfeit I don't parkin' lot pimp I just politick But I get all in her mouth like parlithins New always represent it to the inner Come from the city where the glitter don't glimmer The sun don't shine and the guns don't sleep Pick a nigga's ass up like he got somewhere to be [Outro] And we wanna let the world know This is not a diss song either people We don't diss them we dismiss 'em, ya dig Recognize or step aside, ya dig We let the music talk, Draught 3 And by the way, it's Santana, I'm back It's Weezy! You dudes gotta stand in the mirror backwards 'cause you can't face yourself Assholes DipSet for life Cash Money, whaddup Young Money The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought 3 Song: Upgrade U Typed by: southsidebaulla@yahoo.com Yessir, 3-Ha, I love this shit so let me talk my shit, uhhhh-haha (*coughing*)okay I'm good [Lil Wayne] I know you see the drop, cause gettin money is what we on ridin drop top in the winter with the heat on bad yella bitch, keep my passenger seat warm leg hangin out the window you, you ain't got these on bitch holla it is Lil Weezy, they cannot see me they are like Stevie, I am burin'a ton like Levie I circle ya house like B.B, colder then the Hebbie Gebbies never give freebies, seventy five thousand for these fees shit I can get a hundred thousand up in these jeans big stacks my pockets on Creatine-Young Money, Dipset nigga we a team if you don't like it nigga fuck you, no Vaseline (*schreechin*)I peel off in the Lamborghin', like a tangerine got the engine straight shakin like a tamborine like a bitch with some lips like Angeline, not Joli holy, got flow-I go where no other guy go fuck you hoe I'm so 5-0-4, I hope every snitch die slow Hip Hop that's my hoe, I know-she know I like it wet don't won't no dry hoe okay bitch I am D-Boy, no decoy and I will straight up destroy, any boy or man and I prefer money, then bitches-or just reefer we are Young Money, bitch and I am the leader we are Currency, Mack Maine, and D-Raw and I just signed a chick named Nikki Menage and me, I'm still spittin like a retard and these niggas soft, they should be rappin in leotardes nigga we in charge, Baby put me in charge and I'm just murderin niggas, free of charge ya dig, just holla back-I see ya sarge I'm so motherfuckin high, I can eat a star(ha) yeah let me upgrade ya, you may not be a model-but I can front page ya you know I'm nasty, excuse my behavior let me just taste ya, we can fuck later sittin in the Coupe, lookin like a racer top peeled back like the skin of a potato seat way back, listenin to Anita Baker ridin by myself, smokin weed by the acre Holly Grove gator, ain't nobody greater leave you with some bullet holes-the size of craters you ain't heard the latest-Weezy F.the greatest battle anybody nigga fuck over ya favorite it's a new game, and I'm the coach like Avery leave it to the flow, we gettin dough like a bakery I don't really want to, but these niggas makin me put a motherfucker on ice, like the Maple Leaves that's a hockey team, and I ain't on no hockey team but I'm a champion, where's the fuckin Rocky theme damn, Rest In Peace Apollo Creed I'm a monster everyday is Halloween alot of syrup, alot of pills, and alot of weed and I keep my pockets green like a pot of peas and if you hatin baby you can get a side of these these nuts in ya mouth, and can you swallow please(haha) yeah I'm so hot, I freeze-big balls and they jangle like alot keys even deaf bitches say hi to me she tell a blind bitch and she say I gotta see(ha) Young Carter darlin'understand I am Michael Jordan ballin yes I'm a dog, I'm a warrior-homie I'm a boss, ya man's just an employer mami let me upgrade ya(ha), let me upgrade ya(upgrade ya)-Weezy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought 3 Song: Put Some Keys on That Typed by: mainevent_4@yahoo.com [Lil Wayne talking] Weed and syrup is the combination and the inspiration As for you pussy niggas, I just realize you can fuck with me And you never will, bitch ass niggas Weezy F. Baby believe dat Haha, yeah [Lil Wayne] I got them 24 inches, sittin on them Joe Buddens And the trunk straight jumpin, bitch I can't hear nothin And I might do the Spurs, sittin on them Tim Duncan's And in the lambourgini, I do donuts like dunkin How come every bad bitch with a pussy, wanna fuck 'em But I just feed 'em drugs, and watch 'em fuck each other My neck was 100, and my wrist was another I make her pussy wet, I leave that bitch with a puddle I'ma beast, I'ma dog, I should rap with a muzzle Peyton Manning flow, I just go no huddle Baby girl gettin straight dick, no cuddle You know I'm out this world, I just bought a space shuttle I'ma put some D's on that bitch Man, these hoes starting to get like fleas on my shit Have you seen her? Who? Nina, she's on my hip Yellow white diamonds, call 'em cheese on them grits You niggas aint ballin, real talk, you niggas can't guard me Two niggas can't guard me, you lookin at Jordan From the side, like Spike at the Garden I got the hardest bars, call me the Warden, haha Yeah, excuse me, pardon I break a bitch down like Tonya Harden Bitch I'm Cole, not dude off Martin Pockets just fat, like the Klumps and Norbit Bitch I'm fly, like a magic carpet And bitch I'm fresh, like a pack of Orbitz See, I'ma take it, and go bring it back to New Orleans And bitch I'ma shine in The Land Of Darkness And which I'ma grind, 'till my stacks is as tall is my wall is And I'm high, don't want know how deep the fall is No I can't come down And everytime I send my girl out of town, I put some key's on that bitch I'ma certified gangsta, haters make me nautious The money makes me anxious Listen how my words are poetic, like Langston Dreads down my back, like I come straight from Kingston But I come from Hollygrove 17 danger, zone So many c-notes, I can sing a song T-Top coupe, lookin like a thong Your girl love my dick, she treats it like a bong I don't wanna be right, if gettin high is wrong My eyes so low, it look like I'm from Hong Kong Boy, I got more green, than the Bishop Don Juan, haha Okay, I'm not a rookie, I'ma pro Methazene fiend, make the homies say, ohhh And make all the girlies scream I am a vegetarian, and I only eat beats Wear a lot of carrots, and I smoke the best greens No beef in my grocery bag, just some swishers And a whole bunch of cans of whoop ass, haha I'm strapped, like a bookbag So anyone of ya'll can come on, and get a foot tag D.O.A. Ride all night, sleep no way Sleep when I lay, six feet deep, and until that day I'ma be living, like it is that day Yeah, I keep holding on I say bitch I been hot, bitch the stove been on If you don't like it, I roll over and roll alone Fuck you and the horse, that you rode in on Yeah, some cool shorts, and my Kobe's on Lookin slicker than the lane, that you bowling on If they aint tell you that I'm the shit, they told you wrong Bitch, I'm bubblin like soda foam In a styrofoam cup You what's in my styrofoam, what? S-Y-R up That's my car, yup Vrooommmmm!! Urghhhh!! I'm gone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought 3 Song: Sky's the Limit Typed by: xxmerkutioxx@aol.com Ahem Weezy yo Young Money, Cash Money This is, "Da Drought 3" Ladies and Gentlemen, you know me [Verse 1] You know I ride for my mother fuckin' niggas Most likely I'm a die with my finger on the trigger They tell me don't get high and I should try and make a living I tell 'em I'm a hustler and I'd rather make a killing My eyes be so wide as they rise in the skillet I let my bitch bag it, if she spill it I'm a kill her I bullet-proof the ride now I feel like armadillos And fuck a hospital, Young Money we the illest And I ain't gotta lie when I tell you I'm the illest My flow is nasty like CY Phillies Self-made G and them bitches know the business We lightin' all rappers in the kitchen, I'm a chemist And when I was five my favorite movie was The Gremlins Ain't got shit to do with this but I just thought that I should mention You lookin' for divine, and a little intervention  And the Byrds don't fly without my permission I'm probably in the sky, flyin' with the fishes Or maybe in the ocean, swimmin' with the pigeons See my world is different, like Dwayne Wade And if you want trouble bitch, I want the same thang And you know that I'm a ride with my mother fuckin' niggas Most likely I'm a die with my finger on the trigger Don't worry 'bout mine, I'm a grind 'til I get it  And tell all of my niggas that the Sky Is the Limit The Sky Is the Limit and if you look high you'll see that I'm gon' be in it [Verse 2] Fuck ten in the coup and your bitch love it Switchin' lanes, fast third then she switch subjects Tell a bitch "don't talk to me, And if you talkin' to them niggas, don't talk for free" And I hate when a nigga say, "talk is cheap" 'Cause I'm the type to let money talk for me, yeah My flow is art unique, yeah My flow can part a sea The only thing on the mind of a shark is eat By any means and you just sardines  I got the 40 cal tucked in my PRP's What do you expect, I'm from New Orleans  And the guarantee of my city is riders They tryin' to make a brand-new map without us But the tourists come down and spend too many dollars And no matter how you change it it'll still be ours [Bridge] And you don't want to fuck with a soldier Use your head or I'll take it off your shoulders Run up in your house and shoot everyone that sittin' on a living room sofa (that's fucked up) And you don't want to fuck with a soldier Use your head or I'll take it off your shoulders Mail it to your mom with a dozen a roses (now that's fucked up) And I'm a G, and you ain't gotta know the alphabets to see I know my whole city is depending on me And I forget a lot of shit, but I cannot forget the streets The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Nikki Minage Album: Da Drought 3 Song: Don't Stop, Won't Stop Typed by: mainevent_4@yahoo.com [Lil Wayne] Good morning New York Good afternoon New Orleans Goodnight America This is Young Money... Nikki Minage [Nikki] They don't make us, to break us, no I'm with the bakers I'm gettin bread wit dread up in Jamaica It's them young stunnas, Nikk and Lil Weezy Nikk, I'm the chick that "Go Get It" like Jeezy Fall back, cause I do this here Step ya bars up or your through this year Yup it's only right that the whole blocks there Hopped out the air in the blue and white layer I'm here, I'm lit, long hair - don't care Steady starin at my ear, cause my ear on glare Now it's now hard to fine me, top behind me You be Harry Potter, and I'll be Hermione I be early, I'm the girl they Call The One, like I'm my first birthday I'm in that Range Rov, honkin that Kango That pussy red, cause it tastes like mango [Hook: Nikki] Can't stop, won't stop, reppin Young Money  And we... we get down and we... we get down And we boyz o' boyz, they love me (Chromed out eleven hundred) Can't stop, won't stop, reppin Young Money And we... we get down and we... we get down And we... [Lil Wayne] Ya... dig So I guess it's my turn And I'ma go at niggaz heads like sideburns Big phantom on the road, make a wide turn Big light, green buds, is what I burn Nikki, since I've been rappin, this is what I've learned All these other niggaz pussy, like dry sperm And I knock this shit out like Tom Hearns If it aint about money, me no concern A paper chaser, 'till my thigh burn And never give a bitch, what I've earned Fuck I look like? I'm lookin for a bitch that can fuck right, cook right And if not, then left foot right Foot get the steppin, yea bitch walk like... And my hoes talk like "Hsshswash", and I just say "Right" We don't fuss fight, she is just.. just.. just right [Hook: Nikki] Can't stop, won't stop, reppin Young Money (Ya digggggggggg!?) And we... we get down and we... we get down And we boyz o' boyz they love (Chromed out eleven hundred) Can't stop, won't stop, reppin Young Money And we... we get down and we... we get down And we... [Lil Wayne] I'm on tour, 'till my money's like the bus height Ice lookin bright, see me comin like bus lights Weezy! Nikki..Minage.. Young Money The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought 3 Song: We Takin' Over (Remix) Typed by: mainevent_4@yahoo.com [Intro: Lil Wayne] Yezzir... it's me, the rapper eater Feed me, feed me, feed me! No homo [Lil Wayne] One time for me, one time for the DJ He be Khaled, I be Lil Weezy Baby, if you ask me if you're nasty Creative gifted bastard, spit sporadic I'm so diplomatic democratic Touch it, bring it, push it systematic Damn right, I kissed my daddy I think they pissed at how rich my daddy is And I'm his kid I stunt with my daddy Call Mrs. Lee, she's with my daddy So diss me and dont diss my daddy Cause who was there when no one wasn't? Just my daddy Who was there when I needed money? Just my daddy So who'll be there when I see the money? Just my daddy Who said that I be the one? Just my daddy Hello Hip Hop I'm home, It's your daddy When I say D's, I don't mean the caddy I mean 'deez nuts' Akon's and Khaled's Rick Ross, TIP, Stunna and Fat Joe And I can't, can't, can't forget Brisco And yeah I done squashed the bullshit it's rizo It's a bakery here just trying to get dough Shout to my Dreads, my Haitians and Chico's You're lookin for me hoe? I'm in the 3-0 5 - I'm the best rapper alive Homeboy got a mind, that a map wouldn't find Homeboy got a 9, that a cop wouldn't find I could get to it even if I was blind Scary movie be screaming when I rhyme I'ma 'King' you can ask 'Stephen' if I'm lying I'ma Prince too demanding like my mom Too bold too cold like wet Sa-lam Me! Me! It's all about me! If a girl gotta voice then she talking about me! Me, He say, she say, I say me! Will be in the M.I.A. me! With me! And T! And Big Ronnie! And the homie Street probably somewhere on the beach And Tez and E probably somewhere in the jeep And Marl in the Phantom with Mr. G And me! Me! It's all about me! Play with me and it's all out beef Beef! Yes! Chest! Feet! Tag! Bag! Blood! Sheets! Yikes! Yeeks! Great! Scott! Storch! Can I borrow your yacht? Watch me and my click go all out Like the ball in the stands we balls out Boy I don't know what y'all 'bout But I just spit like a dog mouth Pink ice just looking like a hog mouth VRRRMMM ...I had to bring the hog out Light dem trees bring the log out Everyday Christmas I'm egged nogged out And hip-hop is my new bought house My flow just grew legs and walked out Bye The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought 3 Song: Get High Rule The World Typed by: mainevent_4@yahoo.com [Intro: Lil Wayne] Drought 3  Hear my chains.. ha That mean I'm ballin bitch If ya didn't know, if you wasn't informed Or somethin like that, this is Da Drought 3 And um.. check this out [Lil Wayne] Yeah, imagine waking up out ya sleep to them pistols blastin And if the witness is dead there's no trial If you didn't know then hoe, well ya know now And I don't mean basketball, when I say I don't know Yao Money money money money, boost my mor-al Play with my money money money, O.K. Co-ral I like a bitch with a apple bottom, like vo-kal The top is at my fingertips, like I aint got no nails I got blood brothers bitch, I aint got no pals I make a girl get low, like I aint got no L's I'ma paper chasin dog, check my toenails And I never miss a game, no Shaq O'Neal More like Brett Favre, just like Brett Favre I been shot two times, just wipe that off But I thank you for putting me right back, Lord And to you, father, I would give my life back for it That knife that sword, that gun that war Make ya so called soldiers, just run like Gore Yea Frank that is from San Francis And I got more banana clips then chimpanzees 10 addresses and I dresses Like I thinks I'm the muthafuckin best there is And I'm about to bubble and she catch that fizz And I'm straight from Clayborne nigga, just ask Liz Check ya neck, there aint a crook like this From the city where the judge throw the book at kids Burna in school, in my bookbag hid Talk stupid at lunch and we havin ya ribs If you are not home, then we havin ya kids And if you can't come up with half, I'll send ya half of ya kid Back to the board, an extravagant crib I'm on the toilet watchin Martin, just laughin and shit Don't know why I get high, but I get high I get high like every single day We do shit that them other women can't Maryjane, what is it you've done to me I pop a beat and start rollin And then I smoke it like a muthafuckin stogie Pete Pye wrote it, I was rappin to the.. ding-ding-ding-ding.. fuck it Get high screw the world, and that's that I need all my funds, yeah, all my money baby Black diamonds and pearls, believe that I may bling bling and my chest look like a mural I'm nuts, just call me Squirrel My fetish is the girls, but the women not the girls Act your age, not your shoe size, maybe we can do the twirl I'll be the Prince of a Pearl.. tongue, earring in her pearl.. tongue If she come let her girl.. come, give her a pill, giver her girl.. one Party time, excellent, yup Wayne's World Campbell's soup on the wrist, just call me Earl Lil ma don't shoot em, ya heard I get high my words slur, I start callin 'em Mirl Hey Mirl, light that fur And I know this old, but I'm really hot in hurr I went with the phantom, my niggaz coppin the spurs My hands in the pot, I'd rather eat and stir It's I against the world, and I'm strapped.. yeah I bring all my guns.. shoot mothers, fathers, babies, damn Black hand guns to serve, we could see But we are so blind to the signs they tryin to lose the world And we will walk right up with our guns, yup, hand n' hand, yeah We'll march right after the drum, but I don't need no band Nicca, Drought 3 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought 3 (Disc One) Song: Hard Body Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com (Lil Wayne, talking) Yeah, uh huh, the fuck was I thinkin'? Drought three, bitch! Yeah, how ya like my see-through blunt? What'cha know 'bout it? Get it! Weezy da name, money's the game Alrighty... (Verse 1, Lil Wayne) Hard body, motherfucka, got the heart of a killer Young God in the building 'bout to start a religion Bout to call Bin Laden up and order some missiles Bring 'em straight to yo' block and go to war wit'chu bitches If you hit the head pin, the rest fall in position Shoot a nigga on his porch and make him fall in his kitchen Copped a big boy Porsche with all the specifics And I keep that torch baby, call me olympics Red, white, blue pill, flippin' skills like gymnasts And never give a bitch money, blood, or kidneys When the gun goes pow, I'll be at the finish With my medal 'round my neck, or the grand from my tennis The land of the murder, dope, crack is horrendous Pull up on ya in a coupe, how fat is ya engine? Never talk to those that sat on them benches, boy I was in the game on fourth and inches These niggas want the business, I'ma give these boys the business See you fuckin' with the boy that tore toys before Christmas Got all these ho's trippin', got all these ho's strippin' And we ain't PSC, but them bitches know we tippin' I just bought a pint, and ain't none of ya'll sippin' Make my friends buy they own, fuck I'm tired of bein' friendly Ain't gotta lie, just don't try to be wit' me Bitches up in Heaven waitin', done died to be wit' me I'm crazy for bein' Wayne, or is Wayne just crazy? I've been around, I'm still around like them Geico cavemen Hairpin trigger, no, I won't shave it I spot hip-hop in the ocean, I'm gon' save it The South is so dirty bitch, you can't bathe it Holly Grove dog and I feel like mating Baby girl ya pussy's lookin' so vacant And it's fuck you, and fuck George Bush not makin' Fuck waste deep, I'm in over my head But it's cool I'ma make it, I'm good like bacon Ya girl wants me to come 'round like Reagan Ya boyfriend's softer than a carton of egg's and I don't fear nothin but God and weddings At the top of my paper, like I'm startin' a heading My homie Santana, yeah that's my ace But you may know him as "I can't feel my face" (Lil Wayne, Talking) Yeah, Weezy bitch Give a fuck about'chu at all I'm paid Been that way for a long time Looks like I'ma die like that Cause if I am, I'ma just die (Verse 2, Lil Wayne) Yeah, see they don't know where I came from But they know where I'm goin' And I'll tell you just how the top feels when I'm on In the game I'm no cheetah, I'm a tiger, I'm a cougar I'm a panther, I'm a dingo, ocho-cinco I'm ill-y, shirt softer than gilly In a pair of Gucci fly, feelin' free-er than Willy When them niggas left I got a little bit chilly But, I just let it burn, like the end of the Philly Weezy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Drought is Over Song: Dough is What I Got Typed by: Rayslim500@yahoo.com Dough is what I got, lil mama Dough is what I got, pretty lady Dough is what I got, shortie Dough is what I got, baby c'mon, I'm paid {*4X*} [Lil Wayne] Give a woman none, uh-huh I already gave my brother some, it's my sister turn Ain't it funny how the fish do burn But your boy just relax like a fresh new perm Like the World in the barrel of the pistol turn Homie get it how we live, never live and learn Gotta talk about the flow cause you is concerned Only down south rapper could've been in The Firm Or the Commission or Wu-Tang nigga Tryna tell you I can kick it like Liu Kang nigga Got that Sub-Zero flow, how you want me ma'? Make her get over here like Scorpion And when it comes down to the recording I must be Lebron James if he's Jordan No, I won rings for my performance I'm more Kobe Bryant of an artist Same coach, same game, been starting ... Same tri-angle Offense I come through the lane like Dargent Referee niggas is lame, they call charging I have no brain I'm retarded We are not the same I'ma Martian You can be my Jane, I'm your Tarzan I'm from the jungle where the snakes is all poison I am magnificent like Marcus You might wanna fall back like August Or late september whatever you call it I hit niggaz in the head like Vonage I am talking to no particular audience But understand I'm the guardian And understand there won't be no guardin him You will just get played like an accordion I don't give a damn if she's bossy I keep pussy running like a faucet She better catch like she Steve Largent Because I'm "What's up" like "Martin" [Lil Wayne] See I know y'all be talking about and you don't like what you here sometimes but um um since I'm so bright I'ma put the spotlight on you baby Show me what you 'bout, lil daddy I know you need to stop, stop hatin I know what you not, wodie And that is Weezy Baby Blunts up now Blaze {*4X*} [Lil Wayne] Tell the world take six Young dictionary make words make sense Then, I make cents, make dollars Make the skinny girl holla Make the fat girl hungry Make the ugly girls want me But the pretty girls on me Make the shy girls horny Make the fly girls corny And only for me because of who I A.M. (who I am) Holla back in the morning Now holla back if you on see The CEO of the moment Bullshit I don't condone it Aw baby just hop on it Show me what you got, lil mama Show me what you got, pretty lady Show me what you got, shortie Show me what you, baby You rappers ain't Safe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought 3 Song: Seat Down Low Typed by: mainevent_4@yahoo.com [Intro: Lil Wayne] Yea, It's me and T man T at dot com, bitch Tip fuck wit ya boy, hey that is my brotha ladies and gentlemen T.I. and he is the King bitch, don't get that shit twisted And me, I am the Best Rapper Alive, ladies and gentlemen, hello! This is Da Drought 3, and it's been a minute since I rapped on a Mannie Fresh beat But uh, I guess I'll go ahead and show these niggaz what to do with one of the beats mayne [Lil Wayne] Listen, I like my seat down low and my window slightly cracked Ridin wit a bad hoe, with her girlfriend in the back I like to get real high and I never look back And you don't wanna try me and don't I look strapped? I come from the hardest city, ain't nobody fuckin wit it Got black and gold soul, wit a fresh New Orleans fitted And a collared polo and a pair of bally bucks Young Money muthafucka, know you worred bout us Cash Money muthafucka, see I'm all I trust Never had my jaw broken, but his jaw I bust And I probably got your girlfriend on my bus What happens on my bus, stays on my bus And that white widow weed, out the jar is a must If you give me a cigar, then a cigar I'll bust Put that white widow weed in the cigar and puff Look ma, I'm tryna make a porno, starring us Well not just us, a couple foreign sluts Yea, we make this song a Noritwallin Dawllin I be with Jim Jones and we be ballin ballin Yea baby we ballin, like Rawlins and Spalding Pint of DJ Screw and that hawaiian I am leaning like a 3 legged lion, climbing Right to the top of the muthafuckin mountain.. counting I'm gonna need me an accountant who counts it Mannie got this fuckin beat poundin, it's poundin But it was just lost, until I found it, I found it Stole it like a scoundrel, Hollygrove hound it Put this bitch to sleep, fuckin right I night-gowned it Niggaz talkin cheap, tell them niggaz pipe down bitch Bloods in the building, now everybody soundless Beatin up this track like a muthafuckin round-fist Blind, deaf, or crazy, I'ma spit like a long kiss I am just a martian, ain't nobody else on this.. planet I know, see I live by my only Say where my cheese nigga? Where my macaroni? Baby I get up in dat ass, and act a donkey Candy on candy, nigga grippin the grain See I'm the only fire that can live in the rain I am so so New Orleans Like 1825 Tulane [Lil Wayne talking] Hahaha.. see you gotta be from New Orleans To know what the fuck I'm talkin bout And if you don't... fuck you Say what I want, and I don't nothin.. cuz I got everything, bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Brisco Album: Da Drought 3 Song: New Cash Money Typed by: mainevent_4@yahoo.com [Brisco] I'm from the cocaine era, packs in my stroller Two beepers and a flip, startech Motorola Bally silts? Kangol tilts Stand straight when the boss talkin, hush yo lips My affiliates contract hits I let the street declare war when you want dat beef Talk cheap, get money, I was taught to ride Loyalty came first and we dont switch no sides I'ma savage on the block, nickel rocks, and heroin hopes I walked the ghetto like them, but I was takin my notes Certified goon, the locks on standby I just need a couple real niggas I can stand by (C.M.B.) A bad bitch wit hips And two niggas on the interstate takin them trips I'm into carrots like Bugs Bunny Young Brisco, the New Cash Money [Lil Wayne] Haaa.. reportin live from the booth I'm killin these bitches, Young Wayne Carruth Untamed and loose, plus drank and juice I was once a spark, into a flame it grew I don't complain to you, don't complain to me Everbody got beef and I just came to eat I'm in the game for D, if you in my lane I beat I been runnin this shit and I aint neva sprained my knee And guess who came home, Roney the O.G. He still on paper, nigga we neva free And fo' my homie Streets I'ma twist one up He can't even hit the kush he gotta piss in the cup What is dis on my wrist, shit is sicker than uggh Yo Brisco, there aint a sky bigger than us What's good I'm in diamonds is you tippin or what I took ya bitch and she aint comin back to work fo a month Weezy! [Brisco] I'm in the all red slide spur, sittin on Ashanti's Wit a bad red bone dat look somethin like Ashanti [Lil Wayne] Ok, Light brown, sorta tan medina Wit a, light brown thick thing like Trina Um, you probably seen us Rippin the streets up wit no top between us [Brisco] Your so genius Dats my word you know I got you twin You a real nigga dog, thanks for lettin me in [Lil Wayne] Yea, we in the game now and I'm bettin we win And I'm the rapper landlord just collectin my rent [Brisco] I put the house on lil Bris, he gon' eat dis year Stop fo' the real niggas who aint see dis year [Lil Wayne] Open ya eyes, open ya eyes, cash money has a new face And we go tie the shit up like a shoelace [Brisco] And dats me the young hood messiah '07 I'ma set the fuckin hood on fire The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Ciara Album: Da Drought 3 Song: Promise Typed by: MDM2120@yahoo.com [Lil Wayne] Damn she right Damn she thick And I may not know perfect But damn she it And she thick and she right Damn she nice You can be my judge baby Yea I'll do life Give me life And I know that you be dancin till yo toes hurt But I can make yo toes curl I can make yo soul jerk We can soul search And I also got that street credit I got more work... Than any... dude... you ... knew Girl I am a blood, su-wu I hear you want somebody you can call boo I will change my name to boo and fucked around and call you Now what you wanna do? Because whatever that maybe baby I want do that too And ooh I can G.P.S you be what you gon do? Like a pair of wet and sticky vicky's girl I'm on you Ok ma the mood...is so...right...like...two...can take... flight My nigga T.I. is the King I am your Prince, your Knight Right, you dont need a superman, you just need a man like Weezy Ciara: Baby [Lil Wayne] And I can make you feel the same way We can post pone and stay home like a rain day She'll have the salad, just put her on Wayne's plate What you know bout havin syrup poured on that pancake? Nasty as I wanna be... but nasty as you like me to... .be I hope you like me too, but now you know I like you too 3 a.m. room..service...serve ya You can be my desert, be my caramel sherbert Call ya mama we can make a baby And the way you work dat mic in the video is so... Ciara: Crazy [Lil Wayne] And that chair or stool...move... was cool You make me wanna, ooh...  But I'ma be kool, I need a moment I think you are the finest human on earth Me and you together I can help you with that homework Take yo ass to school... to... whoo...  Teach you all the rules... you never knew we need a moment I could be your future, I could be yo teacher Be yo professor Write down this letter You want some extra credit Let me check yo homework I could be yo tutor and help you wit exams No feelins... or its some... parton...for you You got dem goodies and I got a sweet tooth Now can y'all blame me? Shit HOV got B and I just want C See I just want see if you're taller den me No really I want see if you're my Mrs. Carter to be Yea I know dis is pretty awkward for me But I jus act like you are talkin to me, when you say...  [Ciara] Awwwwww I mean everything that I say From the bottom of my heart I would never... ..never ever... hurt you I open my heart (open my heart) [Lil Wayne] Believe dat... .and I agree dat...  Open up yo heart to me and you won't get the key back Ms. Ciara you are colder den blue And baby I aint talkin to nobody else but...  [Ciara] Yoooooooouuuuuuu There's nothin I wont do (there's nothin I wont do baby) To spend my life with you (to spend my life with you) I'll give my all to you I promise I will never lie, ooooooohhhhhhh [Lil Wayne] YEA... ... Weezy F Who betta? (who betta) Who else? (who else) But... me... haha Hey Ciara, I don't care what nobody say real nigga gon respect it Ya dig... ...A darling you are all... that Whatever that is... I shol like to know... Let me cut that out man, ay straight up I just did this mama cuz you, you deserve it Young Carter IM OUT The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought 3 Song: Blooded Typed by: mainevent_4@yahoo.com [Intro] Ride 'till I die (just because) Ride 'till I die (piru) B's up, bitch I'm me Young money is the label, let us in the door Comin in this bitch, all red to the floor And I'm blooded (Suwhoop) and I'm blooded (Suwhoop) I got bloods on stage, and bloods at my shows Fuck wit my bloods, got blood on ya clothes And I'm blooded (Suwhoop) snd I'm blooded (Suwhoop) [Lil Wayne] Once again it's on, yea I'm back in the booth Stayin at the top like a tac in the roof Still on these souls, like a mac in a suit Still on my toes, not a crack in my shoe Rappers talkin bout me, but I don't give a who These niggas still lyin, I'm the motherfuckin truth Talk tough, 'till I knock off ya couf And I own my team, I'm like a malu They hatin on me, I'm jus tryna be Weezy Just like Young Jeezy, in the lime Lamborghini Smoked out my mind baby now I'm seeing 3D Dope boy fresh, from my fitted to my DC All red, so these souls know who we be We be's, bloods we B's Pop pop flows, ya'll niggas sweet pea Gettin high on the yacht, call it sea weed [Lil Wayne] I advance my flow, and they must like that They like it so much, they say they write that Barkin at the dog, but I dont bite back I aint CPR, I aint bringin they life back Back CPR, bad bitch wanna bite back Skittles on my wrist, yea nigga the bright pack I'ma shine, I live with a life Air force fly, call me a knife jack Brand new coup, same color in the sky The dash say 2, yall know I'm gon' try Cop pull me over, yall know I'm gon' lie They go up in my trunk, yall know I'm gon' fry Them niggas throwin salt, all over my fries So I'ma just walk, all over them guys Niggas throwin darts, now we hit the bulls eye Young money bitch, New Orleans Eastside [Lil Wayne] Been around the world, rep the same thang Been around the world, it's the same game B's up b's up, flame game Blat blat blat blat, bang bang I told my homie, Streets you can't sleep on life So he popped an X pill, and didn't sleep all night I aint worried bout you, I'm jus tryna do me Last album did 2, I'm jus tryna do 3 I am what every pair of eyes oughta see Bitches wish they can just call it Art of Me My mommy use to tell me get a 95 Cash money let it say, nevermind I'm fine [Outro] Yea ride 'till I die, yea yea ride 'till I die Piru, to Damu  Yeahhhh! Su-whoop! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Lil Wayne Album: The Drought is Over Song:Live From the 504 Typed by:numeros_uno1@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Live from the five hundred and four It's Mr. Crazy flow, jumpin' like a bunjinal rope Even in the dungeon I glow, even if it ain't sunny I glow If it ain't 'bout money I go, no where I nail to the flo' Money controls where I go, it is the sail to my boat And it's goin' down, it's goin' down, like there's a whale in the boat See you can smell that I smoke, and yup, I sip that lean You hit me with that combination, it make my eyes bleed I'm a shark in the water, yeah I swim with the big So I don't have time to deal with Willy The Squid L-L-Lilly pad niggas, L-L-Look at the monster Y-Y-You don't wanna crash like LaLaLaBamba See it's me Ronna and Terry and my new drop is very Watermelon plum, just call it fruit punch I'm a old rapper, gettin' new bucks And all you new rappers, you're just new lunch Flow sick, so sick, need a Doc yes A creature, monster, like the Locness I gets hotter by the top, before I sizzle to death I just tell the clock gimme a sec In the middle of the war, where my enemy at I'm runnin' this bitch like Eric The Enemy Back Cause everytime I hear the track I'm like a energy pack The intruments are crying out, where the sympathy at? Yeah, if you ran the money baby, him'll be back Whatever legends look like, bitch i finner be that I walk right in Hip-Hop like where my dinner be at? I ate that and I was like, where my dinner be at? I hate that women lie, so I lie to them back Got two bitches in my pants, quiet nod to them back A lot of bitches want dick, I give alot of them that Let's do a pill, I could fuck you for an hour with that And to the kids, drugs kill, I'm a knowledge in that But when I'm on the drug, I don't have a problem with that And my niggas got guns the size of tallers biatch And we aimin' right at your fuckin collar biatch, Pow! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought 3 Song: King Kong Typed by: mainevent_4@yahoo.com If you hear before you see me  I got king kong in the trunk King kong, king, king, king, king Kong, King King Kong, King, King, King, King Kong (What it is) If you hear before you see me  (What it is) If you hear before you see me  (What it is) If you hear before you see me  I got King Kong in the trunk King kong, king, king, king, king Kong, King King Kong, King, King, King, King Kong If you hear before you see me  I got king kong [Lil Wayne] I pop my trunk and everybody get to running The fireman bitch, like my body in the oven I'm one egg short, I'm just tryin to get a dozen My name like honey, it got alotta bitches buzzing The neck of the barrel, is so long and narrow And it shoot a bunch, you just lunchin and munching like Farrel Bloodshot eye's on the sparrow And I stay high, but on-point like an arrow Street nigga baby, I'm in love with the gravel Money gives me life like a man with the gavel I'm strapped at home, I'm strapped when i travel I pop my trunk and make the bitches spread like cattle King Kong, king, king, king, king kong, king King Kong, king, king, king, king Kong If you hear before you see me [x3] I got king kong in the trunk King kong, king, king, king, king Kong, King King Kong, King, King, King, King Kong If you hear before you see me  I got King, I got King Kong [Lil Wayne] (I got King Kong in the trunk)...and I feed him banana clips And let him sing, like Gladys Knight and the Pips I'm just sticking to the muthafuckin manuscript Understand I'm tryin to get the chips and the dip Better know I hold that gun, with a Panther grip My hollow bullets got tips, like a dancer bitch Where my money? Where my money? You need to answer quick Gotta get back on my ransom shit.. and put you (in the trunk)  So you'll be laying, ontop of speakers Holes all in you, like an old pair of sneakers Before I do a day, on the edge, I will leap first Bet you any money that, I will land feet first Married to the Benjamins, battle all my enemies Riding with Big Foot, Harry, and the Hendersons Godzilla, King Kong and if I have to park I will open up my trunk and it will be Jurassic Park King Kong, king, king, king, king kong, king King Kong, king, king, king, king Kong If you hear before you see me [x3] I got king kong in the trunk King kong, king, king, king, king Kong, King King Kong, King, King, King, King Kong If you hear before you see me  I got King, I got King Kong The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought 3 Song: Dipset Typed by: mainevent_4@yahoo.com Oh Yea Cut the music up in the fones Drew My hair is blockin' me (Laughs) my shit growin' like my money....Hah Let's Go Yezzzzirrr [Hook] [Lil Wayne] Uh...I'm so Dipset - Dipsouth Baby If you don't like it nigga, fuck you wit a aids dick I hope you die 30 times, nigga murder moms No fast talk, I'm on that syrup, I'm on that turtle time If Killa say the nigga dead, then a nigga dead If Stunna say the nigga dead, then a nigga dead B.I.P. - We be them niggas bangin in the red Don't drink krystile no more, just pour it on white bitches head This aint no Tommy Hilfiger, this that Polo hoe We are the biggest group alive to get that solo doe And we gon' get that dough, until they say theres no more doe I smoke that ounce, I got that bounce, I got that pogo flow Just show a video wit R.Kelly, but no homo though Really didn't wanna do it but I fuck wit T, S, and Fat Joe Joe though I am a robot and this robot is on overload And bitch I always will be hot, like I'm in overcoats [Hook] [Lil Wayne] Um..Dolla after dolla, holla at ya guala I'm rollin like the stones, I need a water bottle And if you need a pill, T.Streetz and Carter got em Supply the whole party, we got the party poppin We in New Orleans poppin, we way in Harlem poppin In California poppin, Ed Hardey rockin Skinny whores wit all them problems Bitch you can eat these pills and chill and tell me all about em Hold up my heart is knockin, don't worry water stops it Hold up your mouth is dry, don't worry water mops it I got a great idea, we should have sex Bitch I'm like Dante Hall, I just throw up the X My dick be still hard, I be so up for next Thats when you slip up and fuck around, and fuck ya ex That be that bullshit, but it's the fuckin best! I get her to pop a pill, and come and fuck the set! And I fuckin rep [Hook] [Lil Wayne] Haha, Yea DipSouth...Ya Digggg Man, yo I cant feel my face comin... The album Uh I'm so Dipset, Cash Money, Young Money, Skull Gang it is a fuckin ashame I need help yall... serious help I just spent 10,000 dollars on a new belt, aint wear da muthafucka yet Dont even got nuttin to go wit the mu fucker, dont even kno if I'ma wear it Startin to think I don't like the mu fucker, You want it Cool, I put it round ya mufuckin neck, Cuz its ova... BITCH The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Lil Wayne Album:The Drought is Over Song:Forever Typed by:numeros_uno1@hotmail.com [Cam'ron] Let's do it (Forever) [Intro] And that I will Yess, Gotta get 'em [Verse 1] V! Straight up gangsta, Hollygrove gangsta Lay a nigga down in pink stuff Them soft ass dudes just think tough We shoot and put them shanks up We tryin' live to summer and put them minks up I'm sinked up in the coupe, the eyes chinked up Pull up on a bitch at the light, that night linked up Whole lotta shit in the life of a young boss Bet that V.V.S. ice will bite your face off Yeah, I ignite and take off, now catch up I'm the best doing it, c'mon niggas 'fess up Nigga feel different he could chess up and guess what I bring it to his chest, to his right lung and left lung Nigga get a check up, nigga put ya cheque up I swear I'm on fire, need water like a hick-up So I guess I might as well can say that I'm the best today and (Forever) [Verse 2] Yeah, candy paint! T, I'm ridin' in the peppermint Even my leather got leather trim I'm on another element I keep somethin' in the trunk like a elephant Bet you remember it, like a elephant I got this rap bottled up like medicine Who's better than? Fuck him! I probably fucked her, ah what's new And if you hatin' on us, yeah fuck you And if them bitches wanna fuck us, we wanna fuck too What a coincidence And we cause accidents, not incidents I am big shit, they're inci-wints They're not even a letter in my sentences Sittin' in my coupe on 20-inch So it's like I'm fencing bitch I will stunt (Forever) So stop being defensive bitch I'm relentless bitch, I'm in this shit (Forever) Now end this shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought 3 (Tha Carter 3 Sessions) Song: Walk it Out (Remix) Typed by: Hiamanny1@aol.com [Lil Wayne] Drought 3, wazza look, I bought it out like stunna I hope when we kiss we make you sick to your stomach stunnin like my daddy and yo momma eat rubbers I bet that I can do the mouth to mouth with your women my house is a dungeon yellow diamond ring looking like a little funion stand on my toes you can call me paul bunyon touchin up my flows like a nigga do construction the microphone wet cause my words like seduction and when we on the jet you don't come up in our discussion and if you say you ballin we probably don't trust ya and I know plenty freaky hoes that probably wont fuck ya even if you payin boy they probably wont fuck ya only if I say that she can touch you like busta but she might touch ya and burn you like usher me and my clit we in red like blusha I shit these rappers out and sometimes I forget to flush ya Grand daddy purp or bubble kush crush ya explode in a bitch mouth like a gusher cash money young money check the production I am just a martiaget prepared for obduction [Laughs x2] [Lil Wayne] I'm, I walk it out like crutches two girls jumped me like double dutchess my nigga t-street know a girl name dutchess and everytime I see her in the street she be cussin I told him he should wave the black flag cause she buggin he said the pussy good he said you dig so I dug 'em I'm looking for a real bad bitch with a husband I'll give her much dick and a whole lot of nothing I'm spittin like I stumbled on a gold pot or something and when I was 6 I saw my role model hustlin so I gotta hustle these rappers talkin bout a whole lot of nothin you drive me out on Saturday I sold out on Sunday fuck is the argue bout, nigga tha carter out this is what I call a drought.. 3 and we don't walk it out, we drop top porche it out they betta walk it out, before we chalk 'em out We chalk it out [x7] we choke 'em out they don't want none nah-uh, no they don't want none nah-uh you see they foamin I'm not, oh yeah they foamin I'm not I eastside walk it out, I bring new orleans out I am a saints fan, oh yeah we marchin out like were a saints band, I play the organs now and if they talkin most likely I'm what they talkin bout my nigga t from the east roll out the forest now man I'm just trying to get my peanuts I'm like charlie brown ok that oozy make the holy sound, take 2 these and walk around come strait from the homeless town this game belong to carter now, bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought 3 Song: Swizzy (Remix) Typed by: mainevent_4@yahoo.com [Lil Wayne talking] This the remix baby, yea! You already know what it is Cause if you don't, you just don't know nothing Shit period... stupid [Lil Wayne] You know me, I just be chillin in the phantom, listenin to opera Gun is my body guard, call it Kevin Costner Probably won't stop if, I get to poppin them shots You niggas is sweeter than a box of Red Hots Fuck around, see a flock of red dots Smoke good, eat good, only fuck a bitch If her dough good, feet good, just bought a fleetwood And I'ma put some D's on that bitch Lookin like I got a diamond disease on my wrist Fresh! bunch of little G's on my kicks I'ma dog, your all a bunch of fleas on my dick Young Money Cash Money, and we gon' get the money even if it kills ya'll  And I'ma ride, 'til the muthafuckin wheels off George Gervin, I'ma get my chill on I'm cold, yeah I get my Buffalo Bill on Beatin up ya block, yeah I get my Emmitt Teal on In the New Edition, yeah I get my Johnny Gill on Keep a shotgun, yeah I get my Jason Wheel on Fuck it Swizz, I'm still gon' black entertainment, yeah I get my Steven Hill On Only to talk models, yeah I get my seal on Make that chick rock, get my Emil on Two girls, let 'em get they pill on Let 'em get they feel on, I get my Tip Drill on Hey, now why you that ice grill on? I leave you lookin like you got a barbeque grill on Yeah, we got money to the ceiling Real nigga, I get my Keep It Real on And they be lying on wax, like a earphone Weezy Baby, the best from here on Swish, I'm in gear homes They in trouble, we gon' bubble like beer foam No homo, let em get they queer on No commercial, I just take the leer home My girl she get her pampoir on She don't touch me, I got cashmere on I ball, and you just Erik Dampier, dawg I'm dirty, I get my Bill Lambier on Weezy the Beast, Swizzy the Monster and we're gone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought 3 Song: Boom Typed by: mainevent_4@yahoo.com [Lil Wayne talking] Yeah... Tell Em... Yeah... [Lil Wayne] Weezy bad, nah really I'm good Sound like a T-Rex, live under my hood Dadda know the tec, live under my seat Put you in the ground, now you live under my feet All white diamonds, on the front of my teeth And you better put the 'O' in front of my 'G' The bullshit they talkin, doesn't come to my knee I'm like a linebacker, don't run it by me My two best friends, will accompany me And right now, they're in my dunagree sleep One named Mack, one named Nina They hit you, make you do the Mackarina Where ya tool, you gon' need it like a mu' fucker And I am so New Orleans, like a mu' fucker It's Young Money, and we eatin get ya own supper Make me go off in the trunk, and get that Bone Crusher Tec's, AK's, I leave the scene ugly Chest, head, face, arm, leg, stomach I never been afraid, I aint scared of nuttin Cuz I got my thang, my thang, my thang And that bitch go, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom You here them guns like, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom [Lil Wayne] Yeah, they like the way I ball, they call me Hot Sauce They know I keep that toaster, you can be my pop tart I never had height, but boy, I got heart And I aint gotta speak, I just let my car talk I got more clips, then any movie you've saw I pull up on you like I need some gray poupon Hard hat? no, but I got the tool on And you should be my paper, if ever the tools drawn Flow retarded when I spit, I get my drool on I don't rap, I just shit, like a newborn I don't write, I just spit, like a tooth gone So tell them haters to cut it out, like a coupon How come that chopper sound like a new bomb? Little nigga gotta hold that bitch, with two arms I got dat heat, da fire, and the luke warm I'm on ya heels, like a shoe horn The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought 3 Song: N.O. Nigga Typed by: mainevent_4@yahoo.com Yea you know we strap all day, ride all night This is the life of a.. the life of a, N.O. nigga [x3] You know nigga Since the hurricane came, shit aint been right If ya visit my city, you could loose your life In the, N.O. nigga [x4] [Lil Wayne] Come fuck wit this flow nigga, not my flow nigga No nigga, no young, no old nigga I'm cold nigga, ice cold nigga God flow, I spit bible's nigga Rifles nigga, chop chop bitch You pop & lock it, and my gun'll lock and pop bitch My shit poppin, like I'm Chris No Chris Brown bitch, it's uptown bitch That uptown shit, like what now, shut up, you shut down bitch Now sit down bitch, we get's down bitch Now sit down bitch, don't make a sound bitch Like a clown bitch, that red dot cover ya nose, like a clown bitch So don't run, cuz I'ma gun you down bitch Bitch, don't I smell, don't I sound rich I'm like Stunna, I'm blowin Out The Pound, bitch I don't need help, I aint gon' drown bitch Cuz in the pool, I'm on the ball, like a round tip Yea, 8 ball side pocket, I leave the club wit two bitches in my pocket Naked pictures to my sidekick Tell ya bitch quit sendin them pictures to my sidekick And quit instant mesagin my IM Myspace Tom, them bitches actin like I'm him And fuck the best, nigga I'm M Bitches wanna fuck, like they're me, and I'm them Yea, they share me like oxygen I got game, but in the game, I got 'em in I'm talkin championship rings, I gotta win We talkin championship rings, I got 10 I'm on my champion shit mayne, It's lookin slim Haha... for them, haha Now pack ya'll K's, leave ya'll knives This is the life of a.. this is the life for us Gorillaz Coke dealas, dope dealas, we go get us A body today, a body tonight This is the life nigga, this is the life of a, N.O. nigga That 5 nigga, that 'O' nigga, that 4 nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought 3 Song: Back on My Grizzy Typed by: lowash67@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Bitch I'm back on my grizzy Young money where ya at? Two tables and a mic Tell the Dj run it back Bitch I'm back on my grizzy Young money where ya at? If you fuck wit Younh Money Yougn Money where you at? Like the energizer bunny wit a battery pack Boy that drummer keep drummin, like B-r-r-at-at-at-tat Or B-r-r-rump-bum-bum-bum Im so young but I'm a Giant like Fe-Fi-Fo-Fum Just bought a new crib, And insides so dumb Got some money put away, incase the hurricane come Im a fuckin shame huh? yea I know yea I know I go out the country to get all my clothes and my hoes And I go out my way just to get my dro and my doe Cause, I love it more than I do my hoes yes I doess I got gasoline comin out my pours Imma torch I got glasses like that white boy Scott Storch And a porshe I got license for tha scortch Snipers at your porch Rifles by the forts And we shoot up courts The judge juss a bitch The jury suck dick Im a eastside blood And I dont smoke that crip I smoke that kutch First name Bubba First names Young Last name Stunna Carter in the office Take notes when I'm talkin Smooth as a cruz boat floats when I'm walkin I boast cause I'm ballin I boast to be ballin When I'm on the phone wit bitches man the money keep callin You ain't satisfied till ya son'll be callin Tellin you where to leave the money in the mornin Ok you wanna zombie mover instead Thats when you walk in ya house and everybody dead I can take a shit where I stand Where I stand...and watch you pussies piss in ya pants You ain't a man your a hoe I can kill him with the flow And then play the guitar at the fuckin funeral Big guns so they drinkin big shots And my gam go Saddam Hussein and missile launch The Corrain call me Wayne Chain Listen ma, I dont know karate, but after the brain, I kick you out You niggas suck like tony romo, no homo And I'm all about my money, I get paid for promo yeaa Im the man in this bitch, they say money talks wel. Im tha ventriloquist And if I ever jump, il prolly land in ya bitch Boy that hoe colder than my hand and my wrist Boy I'm more cooler than a fan and a mint And when I'm done this track we'll need a couple bandages I be wit savages and I'm above average Im a crazy ass star like a fuckin asterick You niggas cant see me, I'm on my casper shit Runnin so much game, I fuck around and lap a bitch If love like a grocery, I juss bag a bitch And you kno I'm gonna score like Deion after picks Im rollin on a pill, she get that mornin after dick And when my roll came down guess whut I did after it I popped and took some patrone shots I pop popped and took some Grey goose shots I pop popped...yea. Young Money bitch, and if you niggas wan' do it , we chop chop Leave ya back on tha block We pop cops And there ain't no rights on my block I got shop I got that dro, I got them pills, I got that yay Give it to them hoes and watch them bitches freak away.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought 3 Song: Dipset 2 Typed by: mainevent_4@yahoo.com [Lil Wayne] Kutch, good kutch, yup Weezy, dip dip, Wayne set set And I grip tec's, leave water bed wet And I know just where to put these hollow tips His chest, his chest, his chest [Lil Wayne] Yea, ayo, I take on a gang of gangs, anythang, animal, orangutans Gorillas turn to Bathing Apes, when I make it rain I got a whole collection, I got a dope connection I got a coke connection, I got a dough infection No homo, my flow is as hard as an erection So that's why it's "fuck the world" with protection Haha, pay attention to the lecture My words carry life, like a stretcher Yea, you know young Wayne in here Smellin teen spirit, like Kurt Cobain was here Yea, yea, we got them thangs in here And we will bang in here, yea, yea, yea, yea And the bank is here Lincolns here Grants is here, Jacksons here, Franklins here, them dead muthafuckas And the drank is here, dank is here, stank in here Gangstas here, wankstas fifth, that red muthafucka And my city hot, ride with the itchy cock Cope with the titties popped, muthafucka city cop And I got the hater like, when will he stop? Maybe a minute after never, set ya clocks I'ma nut case, Uptown my birthplace They feel me cumming like the weekend on Thursday We got Vegas chips, nigga bet bet I hope you boys ready, because I'm jet set And when I cum up in the building, you already know bitch wet Bitch wet, bitch wet, fuck nah Hahaha [Lil Wayne] Yes, um.. gloves, draws, socks, tees All made by Ralph Lauren No shades, just my eyeballs watching them Tattoos on top of them, igloo's for watches in, champagne for breakfast and Sports car for lunch, and pussy for dinner I eat rappers and call it Pussy For Dinner Yea, that's the paprazzi, I'm in the Mazzurati Ridin shotty, bad bitch, Clyde and Bonnie I call her Kami, that short for kamikaze She call me Daddy, and never short with Daddy money It's Weezy Baby, shine like a brass monkey I'm never broke, never have a cast on me Always pay, always got cash on me I gotta feed, the pockets in my pants hungry I'ma Phantom harla, a shooter, not a brawler And yea girlfriend's a determinded Carter caller Control a bitch and let a nigga hold a bitch I put her on the corner shit, I let her make a porno flick She will play the role again, whenever she roll again Pop a pill, then roll again, now we on the road again Yea, I work her, work her, tell her be my slave Bitch I'm paid, on my cage, I just Can't Feel My Face With Santana, we well riders, like Al Queda Supreme Da Da, Young Mula, Bird Junior Yea.. ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Curren$y Album: Da Drought 3 Song: President Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Curren$y] Uh, yeah, yeah Hot Spitta, Spitta, south residing Young Money y'all, Young Money y'all Yeah Figured it's time that I step back from the game And peep it from a coach's point of view So I can see how niggas went wrong and how the players was wrong And I can do it how a pro supposed to do No mistakes allowed, you get caskets for that shit The line of scrimmage is waiting Niggas is blitzing, you could get sacked quick Drop back like an all star QB Or the top on that high-end sports car with two seats You niggas don't comb the pages of the duPont Registry Looking for vehicles and accessories Like I do, and every representor of my crew I get love from cuz and the Pyru Slide through the drive through of a fast food restaurant Turn the music down and tell the broad what kind of sauce I want Scratch off quickly to a main street, intentions to make cheese Let the windows down and let the purp sing perfectly The police is peeping me and they don't think that I can see I know they gon' pull me over and make me get out But I'm onto 'em, spray the crime Then kill it and talk calm to 'em Good day officer, what's the problem? You looking for answers? I don't got none I'm from New Orleans and New Orleans don't raise no rats You know the consequences of your acts, I'm getting money nigga [Lil Wayne] Hahaa, I know that's right Hello world, yeah Yeah, uh huh, music to fly to coming soon y'all You can see me on the eastside of New Orleans with a red bitch Fuck the world, make you walk with a leg twitch Flow retarded, I'm on some special ed shit The magnificent, twist it like a dread bitch And I can get up in the car and drive And if the record is a smash I can still survive Yeah, money ain't a thang but everythang to me Shit I gotta make 'em see no sang to me Yeah, higher than all of the angels be And, no I never choke but I strangle beats And, I am just a player in this game we be So go blame the referee, don't complain to me And I used to have a cutlass on stainless feet Passing all day up Latoya Street Back when Scarface used to sang to me Had me feeling like a G was the thang to be Back when I was peddling my ten-speed bike Who knew I'd be peddling the six-speed white? Big dog through the door where the little dogs bite So if you are female dog, you don't fight Bitch ass nigga, I ain't got no master Rich ass nigga, I got all my masters Bitch ass nigga, I ain't got no master Rich ass nigga... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought 3 (Disc Two) Song: Crazy Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com (Verse 1, Lil Wayne) And tonight's the night And them girls all on me like white on rice And I get 'em to the crib, play two-on-one I'm, already high, now is you on one? Take a jet to the sunset, you wan' come? Or, sit in my Phantom and chew on gum? Baby, I could take you to and from Ice up ya lil wrist, til' ya blue hand numb Umm, ya dealin' wit' a boss lil mama Young Wayne, tell me my time bud If you hangin' with the homies, I'll holla And if ya man ain't me, why bother? I go by the name Carter I got more plaques than tarter I'm just checkin' out the charts on the charter Number one spot, Wayne and Paula (Hook, Paula) Ohh-ohh You got them goin' crazy you see (Ohh-ohh) Head-over-heels for me, boy (Ohh-ohh) Weak in the knees for me, boy (Ohh-ohh) Cause you so, damn easy (Ohh-ohh) Got them goin' crazy you see (Ohh-ohh) Head-over-heels for me, boy (Ohh-ohh) Weak in the knees for me, boy (Ohh-ohh) Cause you so, damn easy (Ohh-ohh) Don't be so, damn easy Don't be so, d-d-d-damn easy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Cassidy, Sean P. Album: The Drought Is Over Pt. 4 Song: Pop That Pussy Typed by: flashskillz@yahoo.com [Girl] Hold up, hold up is that who I think it Is coming in here [Girl #2] Girl That's Cassidy [Girl] Hold on lets go to the dressing room Get our self together put our Pussy poppers on, we gon make This money tonight Girl let me see you pop it pop it for that Paper pop pop it pop it pa-pop it For that paper drop then pop pop it Pa-pop it for that paper Then let me hit the blow And pop it for the paper [Cassidy] I'ma hustla so I be on the grind (on the grind) I always got the money and the bitches on my mind (on my mind) And I was born to dine so every where I goes at (goes at) The first thing I wanna know is where them hoes at (where them hoes at) Where them girls that be takin off they clothes at (clothes at) And where them girls that be slindin down them poles at (poles at) Where them freaks at where them where them freaks at (freaks at) Who will get down on the floor and make they cheeks clap cheeks clap) The type of girl that let another girl eat that (eat that) And if you gotta couple dollars you can beat that (beat that) Where my girl who be out there on the creep at (on the creep at) Where them freaks at I had to repeat that (repeat that) Cause I'm a freak too I get that from my father (father) Since I can remember I been poppin my collar (collar) You brought a dollar then holla believe that (believe that) Girl ya pussy powerful cause niggas need that (need that) [Chorus x2] [Sean P.] Yea lil shawty fine lil shawty bout that paper So I'm poppin bands I'm out here reppin for Dacada Always be that fresh I guess that why they get my flavor You a pill popper bitch so do us all a favor Turn around and bust it open DJ call a waitress I'ma make it rain what she be makin on the basis Pop them rubber bands yall know what it is Talkin strip club shawty cause I'm payin on some bills Got them bottle on deck yea this is how I live Nigga if you and ya lil homie hatin give you both a pill Only in Atlanta yea this is where it is If you into rubber throw a hundred dollar bill Yea shawty fine lil shawty bout that paper So I'm poppin bands I'm out here reppin for Dacada Always be that fresh I guess that why she get my flavor You a pill popper bitch so do us all a favor [Chorus x2] [Lil Wayne] Um, well it's the libra baby now come play in my jungle ride my zebra baby And my hair hang like Tarzan I am the man now be my lady And u know u wanna be my lady and you know I'm intoxicated yep I smoke an drink that grade A And um I like to tounge kiss that's right tongue kiss I'm talkin diamonds and pearl tongues young prince And I got them bloods with me bandanna like a hippie And I tell you this you can be my mistress next to sippii Lets get it poppin honey now get it poppin shawty Baby I can make you see more hearts than Ed Hardy Invite you to my crib I gotta bed party And I'm the DJ I make you say go DJ [Chorus x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Drought Is Over Pt. 4 Song: One Night Only Typed by: flashskillz@yahoo.com [Girl] I have no doubt, that I could love you forever The only trouble is, you really don't have the time You got one night only [x5] [Lil Wayne] And when they see me, they see 3 baby She marks her calendar, we schedule every plan She knows when I'm coming, she's more than a fan She got my tour dates, she also got a man But even homie gotta understand She got (one night only [x2]) And no one gon take it from her, nothing's gon' make her miss it And when I go she'll miss it But she'll never forget that (one night only [x2]) Next day another city, she's never coming with me I'm nothing more than memories Memories she keep forever She always dream about me, wish she could sleep forever She get her fit together, she get her shit together After my concert, she wanna get together I get her on my bus, we chill and sit together She has no curfew, I can take the bitch wherever Come off a bit respectful, I'm on a different level I got her feelin special, then she remember She got (one night only [x8]) [Lil Wayne] But I can make you love me forever Baby I can make you love me forever Now all the hoes hate her, the dudes wanna date her Her nigga saw her leave, she deal with him later Right now she with the greateast, I'm even homies favorite How could he even blame her, she doin him a favor She let that nigga love her, she let that nigga save her But when I come she let a nigga take her Take her for (one night only [x2]) She turnin off her phone, she turnin off her page Tell hime that shit on roam, that nigga goin in labor (one night only [x2]) These niggas hate the game, but they can't block the layup And she go home to him, he sicker than a patient He waitin at the table, no breakfast at the table He ask her where she been, she say stop trippin it was (one night only [x8]) [Lil Wayne] But I can make you love me forever I can make you love me forever, yeah [Lil Wayne] Them older bitches jealous, say she a groupie whore But every woman in this world was you before See everybody wish to porn that superstar But when it come true, how true you are You got the (one night only [x2]) See, I can't be her man, and she can't be my girl Oh, but we fuck like it's the end of the world And we got (one night only [x2]) I got a wife, she knows, my wife aint on the road When she come to my room, she take off all her clothes Say anything hoes, tomorrow same clothes We probably order movies, we probably lay together But we can't stay together, that's when I gotta tell her [Girl] I have no doubt, that I could love you forever The only trouble is, you really don't have the time You've got one night only [x4] [Lil Wayne] Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Drought Is Over Pt. 4 Song: We Come and See About It Typed by: flashskillz@yahoo.com Came in the game as a youngin, signed with Cash Money, pocket full of money Niggas poppin shit always talkin bout somethin See ya ass in public, it's a whole 'notha subject Man they just talkin bout it, they just talkin bout it And I'm on the streets with it, I'm on the street with it See from where I come from, you gotta be about it And if you want it want it, we come and see about it [Lil Wayne] Unhh, it's Weezy Baby like the last shit A big car and a bad bitch Unhh, I'm so fly I need an ass kick These niggas ballin by accident Unhh, keep talkin, nigga fuck up ya body Send ya home and tell ya mom, it was an accident Unhh, I'm a G 'till the casket, drop on my glasses Unhh, fast money, I'm the fastest I got that hustlers passion Ya know, dem boys back at the ass end I'm at the bank, tryna cash in [Lil Wayne] It's been murder, bitch I make a killing Insurance papers in the safe, money in the ceiling I got pillow case full of pistols Come through a nigga house and aim at the pillows Unhh, wake up wake up Fuckin with them boys, you can wake up, taped up Ya dig, now gon' an drink that lake up Stick 'em in the truck, let 'em feel that bass pump Deez niggas is nuts Man, that M14 leave you physically fucked Deez niggas is ducks Well you can call me Scrooge, because I'm swimming in bucks Bitch [Lil Wayne] Yea, yea, too hot, too cold I'm red hot, blue cold Yea I knock ya melon out ya fruit bowl All my guns black, I got true soul Yea, and I call my coupe the Black Panther Blat.. blat.. blat, that's the gat anthem And if a nigga play with family for that matter I'ma smoke so many niggas, I'ma catch a cancer And if I step up out this benzo You know I'm coming with a gun, like a Nintendo They soft, them niggas fallin when the wind blow And I'm rollin up my window Fuck 'em The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Drought Is Over Pt. 4 Song: Need Some Quiet Typed by: flashskillz@yahoo.com Mama you wine fine Mama you... mama you.. Mama... mama you wine fine We need some quiet time [x3] Mama you wine fine Mama you wine fine And on the hush hush, we need some quiet time [Lil Wayne] I get, I get I, I, I get so deep in that pussy, I touch the back of your soul You gotta man, I bet I can make you pack up and roll Yea, let's ride like we attached to the road And if we on the same track, I hope we crash and explode Yea, where do the passionate go I beat it up forever, girl I'll take a national oath Nobody know what goes on the latch on the door And if you throw it to me baby, I will catch it and score Yea, yea I beat that, I be right when she call me, she got that shit I just can't avoid She so addictive and she know that I do anything that she tell me I am her personal sex toy And then, I pop the bottle of that cris I had a glass, she had a glass, I had a glass, she had a glass, again Ya know, then she was ready got to it One time, two times, hit me up and I take that ass again And I told her [Lil Wayne] I see ya walkin like the cameras on ya, I love ya backshots I'm like a crackhead, and you got your crack out See, we got chemistry baby, we like cat and mouse You blow my brains out, I blow ya back out Now what is that about You got me sweatin you so hard, I'm bout to pass out And we could do it on the beach, in the grass house Say, we could do it on the beach, in my glass house Uh huh I know what I'm doin, I'm on it until the mornin Hop on it until it's foamin, I bone it better than homie I want it better than homie, come get on this pony I put my name on it, I own it That's right Pin ya to the wall, give ya couple of back bites Give ya couple of thigh bites, then here comes the highlight I could make ya act rrright Take a ten minute break, then get back right And then I told her [Lil Wayne] Yea, I told her Ya mama gotta be a model, or somethin And if you was a wine bottle, I'm drunk She dance on me like it's just us girl You could make a nigga pay ya rent for 6 months Shhhi, I ain't lyin girl I could make ya little pussy start cryin girl You won't fire girl You know the fireman could put out the fire girl Are those applebottom jeans ya wearin? She said these is Donna Karen So tight, she can't even let air in Man I swear I saw a blind man starin No lie, and I hope she take her clothes off So we can do it, 'til we doze off We fall asleep with our clothes off When we wake up, we pick up where we left off And then I tell her The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Drought Is Over Pt. 4 Song: Trouble Typed by: flashskillz@yahoo.com [Unknown Girl] Cities, streets, that's where I learned Play with fire, you'll get burned When the heat was on, I turned Turned to trouble... trouble [Lil Wayne] Yeah, yeah, C three, yeah New Orleans baby, a street called Eagle And everybody's ill, yeah, illegal People steal cars, we steal people We eat like dogs, but we still people And even when ya lost, trouble still see you And even if ya dead broke, we are still equal One time for the lil people Eat ya meal, don't let ya meal eat you (I run with trouble... trouble) Street runner we crazy with dis one I run... with... trouble [Lil Wayne] And just the other day, my nigga Chris killed his self I pray to God, that I never feel the way he felt Where do we go when there's no help? He figured Heaven, so he went left Ya'll know that ain't right Plus, he was high as a plane that same night Shit, I probably been on that same flight Shit, I probably had that same fight I just kept swingin Twelve rounds comin, bells ringin (I run with trouble... trouble) Introduced to the game, when I was just a child Mama love a drug dealer, straight quit her job And took his life, and along with him, I died And she died, we died Then came my daughter, to my bed side Told me daddy, don't cry, I'm alive I look her in the eyes, and see me with no sins But this is how the note ends [Lil Wayne] Ya know, let's kick it back I can't call it (I run with trouble... trouble) Ya know, heheh Yeah, yeah [Lil Wayne] The tool, it poke out the jeans The coke smell just like a bunch of coffee beans Ya nah mean? and everything ain't what it seem Ya nah mean? and don't play that game, without your team Kill for my bread, kill for my G's, kill for my cream I will have that red beam on hot beam Now I hear sirens, wait I think I see one behind me I ain't trippin baby, money got me Unh (I run with trouble... trouble) And fuck the police, fuck the feds, too I ain't jumpin in that jump suit A one, I'm on my one, two Check me out, I fuck around and check you Respect due, pay yours nigga Mines under the seat, by my feet, where's yours nigga? Too much hoarse liquor, huh? Too much pressure, too much force Too much money, never heard that before Shit And we stop the snitches at the door Cut that tail off the rat, he won't rat no more (I run with trouble... trouble) Shit, that's right, get trapped fuck with my G's Keep shootin, 'til I burn my sleeves Nigga please, these boys is G's Represent New Orleans, like a Florida leaf Shit, what you know about it, we more than thieves We steal from the rich, so the poor can eat Yeah, niggas act up, my niggas act accordingly Hey soldier, don't war with me Jump on it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Drought Is Over Pt. 4 Song: It's Time to Give Me Mine Typed by: flashskillz@yahoo.com Been running for too long [x3] It's time to give me mine Time to time to give me mine, time to give me mine Benn running for too long, it's time to give me mine [Lil Wayne] I'm so far ahead man What they talking bout, Fee, they ain't saying shit It could weak a whole court, like Stan Smith Or Judge Judy, you niggas betta shoot me Cause I bought my mans a glock, and I bought myself a uzi Don't confuse me, no they don't amuse me I come after the money, like Wednesday come after Tuesday I told Stunna I'm wylin', he say don't worry I got ya He told me, cut the heads off, and bring 'em back for papa Yea, dem niggas gettin scurred, word All dat talkin, just a whole bunch of verb Pussy ass nigga got a whole bunch of nerve I have 'em put yo picture on a whole bunch of shirts I smoke a lot of weed, and drink a whole bunch of syrup I like brain, so I fucks with a whole bunch of nerds Heh, I am number 1 Cause 2 is not a winner, and no one remembers third [Lil Wayne] Wizzle F. Baby, yea (bitch!) See, money is the topic, baby See, I'm a giant, all these otha niggas mockin, baby They microscopic, baby Big crib, I can't even hear 'em knockin, baby Headed to the top, like I'm tied to a rocket, baby To all the foreign woman, let's make a tropic, baby I got so many bitches, I could make a combilation I'd like to thank the haters, for yo cooperation I got dat docter chopper, give you an operation Nigga this is my crusaders, kill for confromation We all got on masks, we bout to toxic waste 'em I hope they momma raised 'em, cause they got bitch ways If they don't pay for ya, they get ya back dead Real talk, stop walkin on ya back legs Step into the lime light, bullshit backstage I used to tote a 32 up in my crack days I tote dat AK-47 in my rap days [Lil Wayne] I'm comin, Wizzle F. Baby (bitch!), yeah Come and get it, anyone can get it But since I'm the president, I'll be a lil more politic I'm chillin in the clinic Cause dats how many nurses, I got working on my dizzick Snakes in the grass, rats, lizards But 'round here, snitches don't exist like wizards Hoe this ain't punch, I'm sippin on some sizzurp I roll a fat joint, and do my fingers like scissors Da game so cold, I done had my share of blizzards But now I got dat big money runnin like rivers, nigga I'm hear to get my shit straight, burner on the hip waist Leave a nigga street full of bones, like a fish plate Yea, I'm from the hood, but now I'm livin in a rich way Swear I got on my knees, and thanked God for this day So say what you wanna say I need to throw a cup of water in my face 1st place, I... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Drought Is Over Pt. 4 Song: Ask Dem Hoes Typed by: flashskillz@yahoo.com Yea buddy, Weezy F. Baby Baby Yea, my type of shit See, when I do what I do, I do it I said when I do what I do, I do it Dat right [Lil Wayne] See, she all on my dick, cause I make alot of money But I unno why, cause she gets none, bring it back... All on my dick, cause I make alot of money But I unno why, cause she gets none from me She only get dick, way down in her tummy And she tell all of her friends, now her friends wanna, bring it back... Only get dick, way down in her tummy And she tell all of her friends, now her friends wanna fuck me I'm lookin in the mirror, and I see a dollar sign I had a cat scan, and I had money on my mind I tell a bitch go and get my name on ya spin So I can feel good, when I'm hittin it from behind I'm crack rock fresh, baby I'm that boy Now put me in a pot and watch I come back hard Yea put me on that block and watch I come back rich Now she done put me in that pussy, she aint come back since [Chorus + Hook] Ask dem hoes, yea ask dem hoes Ask dem hoes about me, ask dem hoes Mmhmm, yea ask dem hoes Ask dem hoes about me I'ma beast, ask dem hoes I'ma dog, ask dem hoes I'ma beast, ask dem hoes I'ma dog, ask dem hoes Bitch I'ma beast, ask dem hoes Hoe I'ma dog, ask dem hoes Bitch I'ma beast, ask dem hoes Hoe I'ma dog, ask dem hoes [Lil Wayne] Hat to the side, rims on the ride It can't fit in my pocket and I don't have, hold up... Hat to the side, rims on the ride It can't fit in my pocket and I don't have to cock it Scarface bitch, cocaine by the pie Got them hoes sniffin, like dem hoes about to, hold up... Scarface bitch, cocaine by the pie Got them hoes sniffin, like dem hoes about to cry Ms. MySpace don't blow my high I download hard dick, to your hard drive Den she got on her knees and soon we locked eyes She caught it, like it was a routine pop fly I'm dope boy fresh, new jeans, new everything Dem bitches want me, like a wedding ring I told her dat, I'm married to the money, committed to the cash All I see is pussy, titties, and the ass [Chorus + Hook] [Lil Wayne] Call me Weezy F. bitch I'm straight from the street Dope game is sour, and the dope is sweet I live in the tower, got a scope on the heat Hit you from 100 feet, we don't even have to meet Ya bitch love me, we don't even have to meet But if I run into her, believe me I will, hold on... Ya bitch love me, we don't even have to meet But if I run into her, believe me I will do her And if that bitch is crazy, believe I will sue her Got some hungry-ass lawyers, that would eat her up and chew her I don't know why you love her, I wish I never knew her She only give me brain, she was just another tutor She blow my whole band, I was just another tuba Now get off my dick, and get lost in Aruba It's money over bitches, Cash Money over bitches Young Money over bitches, get money from them bitches I do! [Chorus + Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Drought Is Over Pt. 4 Song: Brand New Typed by: flashskillz@yahoo.com Ridin round the city, with some brand new heat Brand new car, brand new feet Brand new seats, brand new smell Put out the roach, light a brand new L [Hook] Fuck you bitch, I'm actin brand new Fuck you bitch, my shirt brand new Fuck you bitch, my shoes brand new Fuck you bitch, I'm actin brand new [Lil Wayne] I'm cold like a midnight in Aspin I am a president, and the assassin Cameras on, big lights, action Welcome to the show, I am the main attraction Money in the mattress, money in the attic Money on my mind, money is my habit Stay on the grind, until money's automatic Bitch I love money, I'ma fuckin fanatic Always strapped, gripped type graspin Say what? Who me? Click clack, blast em Chrome 24s tires thin like, napkin Gotta ride big, cause I am like a captain You know I'm a boss, chillin, relaxin Probably in my office, doin my taxes You litte niggas, so not in my bracket And I don't even have time to practice [Hook] Fuck you bitch, I'm actin brand new (brand new) Fuck you bitch, my shirt brand new (brand new) Fuck you bitch, my shoes brand new (brand new) Fuck you bitch, I'm actin brand new (brand new) [Lil Wayne] Tight, ridiculous price Ya camera has never saw a picture this nice I'm fishin and the bitches will bite It's probably cause my game is fixodent tight Right, I'm fuckin every bad bitch twice And if she doesn't wear panties, then I fuck her on sight I'm nasty like Spice, I know what she likes I could make a black women scream, like she white I can make a white woman scream, like Mike But before she start singin, she gotta check my mic Niggas just hatin, and I done lost sight It's like I don't see 'em, I only see the light Talkin that shit, but you boys just hype I hope you bring a gun to the fight Aight, Louis V. tennis shoes, big brown stripe You think you fresh, shit nigga, I'm ripe [Hook] Fuck you bitch, I'm actin brand new (brand new) Fuck you bitch, my shirt brand new (brand new) Fuck you bitch, my shoes brand new (them too) Fuck you bitch, I'm actin brand new (okay) [Lil Wayne] Brand new coupe, drivin crazy then a mothas Sittin low in the seats, with the burners sittin under Got my tank-top, top down, it probably aint summer But I ride like that, cause I'm hotter then them others Damn, it's no keep up with the brother man I could spekk my name, in burnt rubber I'm gone, leave me alone, while the dog is at supper You could wash my plate, and put it back in the cupboard Uh um, I'm so far ahead of them suckers I'ma hafta start rappin in numbers I promise the flow don't stop, they come rappin like thunder I bet you hide under your covers [Hook] Fuck you bitch, I'm actin brand new (brand new) Fuck you bitch, my shirt brand new (brand new) Fuck you bitch, my shoes brand new (them too) Fuck you bitch, I'm actin brand new (yah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought Is Over 4 Song: When They Come For Me Typed by: uneak_won2g08@hotmail.com Tell them boys I'll be here, when they come for me Me and every single nigga, that got love for me See I got money on my mind but haters won't leave me alone So I'm ridin' everyday with every pistol that I own Tell them, I'll be here when they come for me Me and every single nigga, that got love for me See I got money on my mind but haters won't leave me alone So I'm ridin' everyday with every pistol everyday with every pistol [Verse 1] Yeah, nigga you done fucked up, nigga back the fuck down I dont care where I go, I dont care what you know I dont care what you say, I put the words back down your throat I dont care where you stay, nigga I'm from up town I gotta get 'em Slim, they talkin' beef to me They just a bunch a bitches, they talkin' sweet to me Pussy niggas, I guess I gotta eat pussy Put a hole in 'em, now thats some deep pussy The cops hate me, but a star is born The streets love me, but how long will they mourn I'm a real nigga, say real nigga thangs But it dont have no name [Verse 2] I never fold, I just take my chance I let life deal, but I just take my hand Protection off safety, I look straight ahead I got them niggas Weezy, thats what the 380. said You got to play in the field to get paid Then you got to go lay in the bed that you made Its Cash Money its the army brigade And I'm spittin like I ate a grenade I'm dippin in the empire fade and the one with the butt (yeah) Put the wings up and straight show em my guts, yuck My swaggers so mean and I know how to operate that machine (brrroooww) [Verse 3] Yep, yep, aim at his brain, make a nigga learn And if thats chopper bullets, then they suppose to burn And if you been to jail, I never seen a cell But I come from New Orleans, yeah right there under hell Tell my gal dont you worry bout nothin but see These niggas want me dead, so hug me tight when you fuck me I told her I'm strapped, I'm a rider girl And I'm a shoot from every side like around the world Uh, believe that you, can tell em bring the whole gang I'm a get you but that automatic touchin' er'thing Nigga its the Birdman J.R., pure pain, you just a curb stain The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Drought Is Over Pt. 4 Song: Rider Typed by: Uneak_Won2G08@hotmail.com Intro: Hahaha, Oh you we here Young weezy baby, Owwohh (Chorus) I wont deny it, I'm a fuckin rider You dont wanna fuck with me ha I bet she dont wanna fuck with me Cause who wouldnt wanna fuck with me Now I cant tell you shit about the next miami goon That aint got nothin on me So baby you should you should bury him And just marry me, just marry me  {music slows down} verse 1: Haha okay I'm lookin for a raya bone And when I get her, I'ma tap it like a faya phone And shorty talk about her man, she said she tired of him I said well baby I'ma have ya tryin to hide from him And if its weezy then the women wanna lie to him And I'ma give it to em, mama said give it to em So I'ma give it to her just the way she want it I said girl I'm tryin to put my name on it I'm tryin to own it welcome to my ranch and I'ma act a donkey From the mornin to the night to the mornin And if you back it up then I'ma a jump on it (Chorus) I said I wont deny her shorty is a rider And she gon ride for me I said she lookin like my bride to be I take one knee, let me take one knee And I said baby will you marry me We will ever after happily Just the way its supposed to be Just you and me, just you and me Verse 2: Haha yeah shorty said she want a rider And I could be that image, more like a provider I can provide her and if you lookin for me I'm probably inside her, you only like her I'm tryin to wife her, see I'ma lighter And shes my fire, see we are tighter Than grip plyers, she gets me higher Higher than my purp, shorties so bright When you look at her make your eyes hurt Better get a visor oh yeah shes cold yeah shes cooler than an iceburg Fuck what you might heard You only like her, I'm tryin to wife her (Chorus)(Voice synthesized) I said I wont deny her shorty is a rider And she gon ride for me I said she lookin like my bride to be I take one knee, let me take one knee And I said baby will you marry me We will ever after happily Its just the way that its supposed to be Just you and me, just you and me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Drought Is Over Pt. 4 Song: I Took Her Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Hook] {X2} "Sweet street pusher, give me that gusher Nasty stuff, look up! I took her" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Swizz Beatz Album: The Drought Is Over Pt. 4 Song: Money, Cars, Clothes Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Swiss Beatz] Money, cars, clothes, hoes {*2X*} I'm from the ghetto so gimme my money [Lil Wayne] Mr Angel on the beat Young mula baby, and the devil on the flow ha ha ha Young mullah baby, and the monsta on the hook ha ha, swizzy! Young mullah baby, streeetzz.. [Lil Wayne] Damn I hate a old fake ass nigga Dats why you only see me wit some bape ass niggaz We gotta eat early like break fast nigga New Orleans land of where yo gate pass nigga Like 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, on 4 Pussy ass niggaz wont survive no mo And the niggaz say it is ours but it aint ours no mo From the deep part of the water where the divers wont go Hey sharks, sup piranhas, dem boys catfish, dem boys flanges I pop on grove, I roll around ya, hit ya wit that 2 2 step 10 times like ensenza Fuckin wit my.. [Swizz Beatz] Money, cars, clothes, hoes {*2X*} I'm from the ghetto so gimme my money Money, cars, clothes, hoes {*2X*} I'm from the ghetto so gimme my money [Lil Wayne] yea, yea, ha ha And fuck that fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck that nigga pussy ass nigga Yea, yea young mullah baby, t streets.. T streets - fuck, what the fuck I look like Fuck my verse, nigga swizz got the hook right Asian let me catch em wit the beam an its cooked right Weezy be the crack in the jar and he shook right And im the nigga standin over the stove Wit a good price wit a b? ride bitch Drive bricks an book flights Good by bad days, hello good nights No my coke look like Carmelo? Sittin in lebrons, driver seat reclined 2 woman, my mary j disc and my 9 Its my life, my life, my mutha fuckin life And fuck one time it's.. [Swizz Beatz] Money, cars, clothes, hoes {*2X*} I'm from the ghetto so gimme my money Money, cars, clothes, hoes {*2X*} I'm from the ghetto so gimme my money [Lil Wayne] ha ha. T streets, B A G swalla ha ha We young mullah baby yea.. I murder that boy, I kill that bitch Straight burn ya body up like a skillet bitch I turn beef to me meyou, be my fil-let bitch And ya stomach aint gotta hurt for you to feel dat shit So aint no love for no otha so say I fuck dem tricks Aint no loves flyin now besides birds of dem bricks Unless you talkin bout eagle dats the street I know The person now the routes to couldn't see my flow I clap a nigga 3 times, like the 3 syllables Word that I know, called (clap) hol - ly - grove Nigga fuck yo money, clothes, cars, hoes Kids, friends, and foes, and you and den I get back to the.. [Swizz Beatz] Money, cars, clothes, hoes {*2X*} I'm from the ghetto so gimme my money Money, cars, clothes, hoes {*2X*} I'm from the ghetto so gimme my money The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought Is Over 4 Song: Do What We Do Typed by: Uneak_Won2G08@hotmail.com (Chorus) I don't know bout you but a my girlfriend, got a girlfriend My girlfriend, got a girl and we do, do, do, do, do what we do Do, do, do, do, do what we do My girlfriend, got a girlfriend, we do, do, do, do, do what we do Do, do, do, do, do, what we do [Verse 1] You know me, young f hoe I get's all in her mouth like strep throut I get's all in her belly like Pepto Straight stompin' in that pussy like a step show Ghetto vets keep me with 'em like lip glow College bitches keep me with 'em like cliff notes Cold bitches keep me with 'em like thick coats Two foreign bitches now, thats a mix show Pull your skirt up and let your lips show She fell in love with a stripper at the strip show And now its two bitches and me, two bitches and me Two bitches and me (Chorus) [Verse 2] Yeah, I like long hair, I hate make up Fuck my pillows up, fuck is really up I like slim chicks' I love thick broads All the bitches love me, I need a thick guard And if she don't give head she's a nimrod Bitch i'll never put your number on my sim card I look at MJG and 8 Ball as mentors All they told me was to pimp hard Pimp harder, I get head and tail like a quarter Yep, yeah in that order Two bitches and me, two bitches and me (Chorus) [Verse 3] Two bitches and me, two bitches and me Two bitches and me, two bitches and me And they kissin' and huggin', they kissin' and huggin' They kissin' and huggin', they kissin' and huggin' Hello, I can play with it, I can beat it up Yep beat it up, get your pussy lip bust Wait, she said she wanna know how pussy taste She wanna suck dick, while she get her pussy ate Ha, movies, massage, manage, bedroom Bathroom, garage, goodbye, haha, just leave me be And it was just us three, two bitches and me  (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Twista Album: Da Drought Is Over 4 Song: Burn This City Typed by: uneak_won2g08@hotmail.com [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] Yeah, stop playin' with me, cannon in my hand And I'll be damned if any man, disrespect me on my land Intercept a nigga plan, in an effective ass nigga I'm the fa fa fireman but I'll wet that ass nigga My desert pump liquor, I'm a special ass nigga No frontin' I'm in front of these extra ass niggas I'm a extra bad nigga, I'm a sideways shooters Open up the Mazaradi, fuck the highway troopers Cause nowadays dudes will run and tell the troopers Cause I hope the same trooper will find you when I lose ya Cause these niggas are talkin' at the side of they madulas Preserve a nigga put his body in a cooler Turn 'em into ice, call me Weezy the jeweler Run up on me boy and get smoked like a hooter Who the fuck wanna get it in ya next break Gasoline on your door steps, fire I'm the fireman, fire, fa fireman, OW You can smoke it up and I'm a put you out Weezy, allergic to winter time, HOT [Verse 2: Twista] Uh, Twista, Cash Money Niggas shook by Twista, lil' Weezyana status, show em heaven(uh huh) Call a reverend, I'm a burn em up like ladder 47, with a mac 11 Try to shoot a baby cart a you with my arsenew, I'm an arsenist(Say what) With a 40 cal with a 50 clip, uh, uh you dont want a part of this(What) ? do ya pop your oblingata, call a doctor Homie your are not Baby, not the Twista and not the Carter(Uh uh) Don't be comin' up to me actin' pity, while I carry glocks to carve ya(yeah) Stop tommorow, you can break my hands I write with my mind, you cant stop the author(yeah) Try to run up on the block, why bother(yeah) I'm a shoot em with the pump Then I go and throw his body in a ditch No one will ever find ya and won't nobody Talk about you cause I'm a real street mobster(No) Ghetto gangstas dont eat pasta Only fuck with the shrimp and the lobster Murder that pussy holy ghed boy, while I'm dressed up like a rasta(papapa) New Orleans and Chi connect, stay burnin' sticky(what) And we gettin scummy Steady gettin' money, thats why I'm up on fifty, shit I only be fuckin' with niggas thats earnin with me If you try, you gon' die, on fire, cause I'm so high Watch how we burn this city [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] Ya know, ya know, uh-huh, uh-huh, yeah, yeah Sicker than a bird flu, i'am the birdman junior And you niggas just bird food, we livin' in a whirlpool You got to eat or get ate and you look like bait Dont you stick one hand over the gate This dog, treat you niggas just like steak Dinner, I'm that nigga take a break My fuck up is a perfect mistake, I'm great Murda, renegade music my flows stupid I'm cold, I spit mucus, I'm tight like suityas Righteous, ruthless, strapped, shoot ya We rich sue us, snitch, leave em Bitch sue us, pushin up Daisies, Roses, Petunias Wakes, funerals, service, communion I'm hotter than a motherfuckin' Hot Boys reunion, Weezy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Lil' Wayne f/ Babyface Album:	The Drought Is Over Pt. 4 Song:	Get Too Comfortable Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com [Chorus: Babyface] I'm not saying this to shake you up I'm just saying this to wake you up It's all good when we making love All I ask is don't take our love For granted, it's granted My love for you, is real Baby if you don't love me Somebody else will So don't you ever get too comfortable [Lil Wayne] Yeah to the left to the left If you want to leave be my guest, you can step Feeling irreplaceable listening to Beyonce But ok ill put you out on your BDay Now if you rocking with Weezy Bedroom in the bank, baby we safe I got game like E.A. But I want to let you play And don't I treat you like souffl Don't I look at you like I see a new day And don't I do what I do say I'm through talking so I'm a let you, Face [Chorus: Babyface] [Lil Wayne] Yeah let me catch my breath You talking bout leave baby you ain't gone yet And if you leave, leave correct And I'm a send a jet to pick up the next And if you leave, you're leaving the best So you would have to settle for less I am no Elliot Ness, I don't handcuff I don't arrest I do confess to the virginsy Cause under them sheets I am a mess Yes, baby you blessed Not chess don't jump your nest [Chorus: Babyface] [Lil Wayne] Yeah, it's no sweat no sweat I will never 1, 2, 3 4-get About you, your love, your sex You know I work you out like bowflex Our jokes, no stress Love live life proceed progress Make sure the neighbors get no rest We can get together, never disconnect Your back, your neck Funny how that song hasn't got old yet - to us So let's project You stay in, never incorrect FACE! [Chorus: Babyface] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Little Brother Album: The Drought Is Over Pt. 4 Song: Breakin My Heart Typed by: AZ Lyrics Hey baby look here, I got this new song I wrote it's got that nice slow groove that everybody dancin to and when I play it, it kinda remind me of me and you I mean, there's one more thing I want to talk about It's time for you to come home, everybody got their problems I'm dealing with mine I done gave up them narcotics, I'm a changed man [Bridge] She loves me, she loves me not. [Verse 1: Little Brother] How many ways can I say I'm done fishin You wanted the role, smash the audition Havin a partner for a man in my position eliminates the cooks in the kitchen Still I got a taste for that fast food, foreign cars, many women And some say it's the life I was given I say it don't matter if I work at Mickey D's I still got a fix for what you got between ya knees On a new broad, you still one to one Every once in again I like havin some fun No disrespect intended but what's done is done Women steppin out for love, men do what to come Not a playa like Pun, but when shorties get the grabbin on me The last thought I get is Koobie run To them girls wishin on a star that's will stun But I gotta tell it like it is hun, one [Chorus 2X: Lil Brother First, Lil Wayne Second] She say she love me, won't leave me, won't ever let me go But if you're thinkin of leaving you need to let me know We better together then further apart, so darlin don't go breakin my heart [Verse 2: Little Brother] We was high school sweethearts, talkin since we was teens Every morning, and every evening Ten years later she eatin that mean cuisine I'm on the field, straight gone of that creatine In the NFL which mean Not For Long City to city, all the groupies they hop along Word get back to wifey, she like "Stop the song" I'm takin the kids to my mommas, I'm out, I'm gone Momma was like Baby now I hate to see your tears But I've been with your daddy for 'bout 35 years And in my day I had to turn a blind eye to cheating But I ain't never had to wear no black eye from beatings As long as he doing right, by you and your kids How you gon expect that man not to be who he is I ain't sayin that it's right but we often pay the price Cause a womens life is love, a mans love is life And he gon live it to the fullest, and I ain't tryna pull you down or sound like a broken record But you should know by now that all niggaz is dogs Better to have a rich pit then a broke german shepard [Chorus: 2X] She say she love me, won't leave me, won't ever let me go But if you're thinkin of leaving you need to let me know We better together then further apart, so darlin don't go breakin my heart [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] I say I don't have nothin if I don't have you Like Shadai, we got the sweetest taboo And my game is skin deep, like your first tattoo I gets all in ya head just like shampoo I just wanna fuck with you like rude polices I don't want a broken heart because I lose the pieces Hey, girl don't play with my gangsta And have the boy blue like a Texas Ranger And I know cheaters never get crowned So I play "fair" like roller coasters and clowns You gotta hold ya soldier down Even when the war is lookin it is right around the corner And you don't want to leave me, believe me Cause I could turn you on like a personal TV It's young weezy, I know what ya thought But I'm just here to play my part, so don't go breakin my heart [Chorus 2X: Lil Wayne First, Lil Brother Second] She say she love me, won't leave me, won't ever let me go But if you're thinkin of leaving you need to let me know We better together then further apart, so darlin don't go breakin my heart The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Wyclef Jean Album: The Drought Is Over Pt. 4 Song: Operate On Me Typed by: dp2384@yahoo.com [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] They say opposites attract, so hear I am girl With my pistol in my pocket Hidden under right in my jockey, yeaaahhh They say opposites attract so here she is girl With the master of bachelor She just become a doctor [repeat 2X] Operate on me I need that open heart surgery cause the way my heart is feeling I can't make it through the night [Lil Wayne] Pocket full of money and some dark shades Flow so current he can start waves Game like butter he Parkay Love me some head like shortay's Coppin quarters like the arcades Getting high with my animals in our cage And you can see us if we start gaze Creole boy maybe I saut On your mark, ready, start race That's just you making my heart race And I may be the opposite, but I'ma let cha operate, yeaah [Lil Wayne] And I know she wants the D-boy So I'ma pop on her like kee-loy And I got that magic like Bruce Leroy If this isn't it, then love got a a decoy Ger body sicker than retard And I bet I got the medicine she need for it And I bet I got the medicine to keep going She shoots me happiness and I bleed joy No band-aid for me boy I lost my love, yeah they girl got me weak for it Yeah I see you, and I see you, when I see you Girl you're the one can I be two And if your love is clear then I see through Then they yell clear and I'll pull through You save my life baby I will too Then they say The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Scarface, T.I., UTP Album: The Drought Is Over Pt. 4 Song: Big Dogg Status (Remix) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Scarface] Young Face slangin, Ya Ya Ya Heavyweight, Got a bad bitch in every state On the grind, nonstop till I touch this cake Mark ass niggaz, stay the fuck up out my way I be true O.G., you can quote what I say I'm a H-town nigga from around the way Southside, ridin dirty like I'm UGK Asshole by nature like my name was Tre And I don't gangbang, I control the Game What I'm representin here's puttin holes in brains Oh, I say the same thing till I'm old and grey For I falloff and rap about my clothes and chains Grippin grain and poppin trunks, Dawg that ain't me These elbows hit the scene back in '83 I stay street with it, dun asked that You can find me in your hood pumpin monster crack I rollover rodents with rims on em Sniffing out a rat, I expose them and then bend on em I lotta bitches but they claiming they O.G.s A straight up pussy, he claims he knows me See I puttin out these VVdees Let my shit hit the streets, he got to squat to pee Got them eggs on these beams, so they watchin me Might trap for a rat, pussy watch and see I been straight for a long time Gettin checks for a long time Gettin Jake for a long time E&J for a long time Nigga, try to get like me Been a G, for a long time Been in the streets, for a long time Toting heat, for a long time Nigga, try to get like me I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status [T.I.] It's your price, but I ain's scared It's my pleasure to say it right, don't think I ain't said They got prices on my, nigga I don't slip Clips longer than giraffe necks, that's why I don't trip Just open up and let em rip, nothing new to a G Hey, I ain't worried about these niggaz, till they shoot at me My partner died, daughter too, your excuses to me Still a busta ass rapper I'm refusing to be Scarface seem to think I'm the king, You're a fool if you think, There's another new, young rapper dude out there that's cooler than me I choose in the V, brand new with the beat I live real life like I say I do in the beat Yeah, true indeed I do indeed Do it for the O.G.s and the true MCs Them bustas say this year I got brand new and it's all phat But the fightin in the club, I'm done with all that Nigga, his ass out of line, then his ass gettin whacked Give a west-side 10 stacks and that's that But maybe less as a matter of fact Nigga don't be testin the professor, What's the matter with cats I been straight for a long time Gettin checks for a long time Gettin Jake for a long time E&J for a long time Nigga, try to get like me Been a G, for a long time Been in the streets, for a long time Toting heat, for a long time Nigga, try to get like me I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status [Lil Wayne] I Been doing this shit, nigga who are you Little nigga I done seen keys bigger than you Nigga, you ain't know shit, Cut off a nigga head, make him suck his own dick How the game go Money over bitches and flowers over snitches Money over bitches and flowers over snitches Mr., Mr. Scarface, pistol into yardfish (What the hell is this)? Mr., Mr. Scarface, pistol into yardfish (What the hell is this)? Yaaahhhh! [Scarface] Came here to exercise my game Spreadin love to the hood's, how I do my thang Smokin with my homies, barbecuing them wangs Sip hennesy and coke, cause I don't fuck with dranks Hoe pop pills either cause that shit ain't coll We just drunk and mad dawg fo we went to school Lik off, back then I was smashin boys Jump wrong, you saw a nigga get his ass destroyed Same rules right now, I demand respect If I slap one hoe, then her man's is next I'm a kick door robber, A hot shot driver A crack rock slingin muthafucka for a dollar If you dare to be laid, then off in the acky But if it ain't no way, then best believe I'm take it off a A Nigga with no hustle, it ain't work it yet And a bitch like that is even worse than death Out in the hood bullshittin is what this game can cost him And if a nigga can't maintain mane he lost it Be a nerd, and they fuck nerds in jail I heard As a nigga, I'm up in here with my balls and my word I been straight for a long time Gettin checks for a long time Gettin Jake for a long time E&J for a long time Nigga, try to get like me Been a G, for a long time Been in the streets, for a long time Toting heat, for a long time Nigga, try to get like me I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne F/ Bow Wow, DJ Khaled Album: Da Drought Is Over 5 Song: Stunt When I See You Typed by: Uneak_Won2g08@hotmail.com [Intro] We the best! (Yeah) Who? We! We the best(uh-huh) Its alot of money on this track(yeah) So much money we cant even count it We gotta weigh it See what we about to do is? (yeah) whats that wayne? Exactly (listen) what they cant do! True that! [Verse 1: Bow Wow] Hay we's the number one stunna ha Bow Weezy(speak) I spit two hundred now my necks so freezy Hay look my pockets stay fat like Norbit(damn) Ball so much that I should play for the Hornets(cash ha) Rocks so rocky I ain't talkin bout the movie(yep) Your girl love me when done she wipe me down like Boozie(ha damn) I keep paper a student in school(okay) Around her we ride 28's, fuck 22's Nigga try to stunt on me, I'm a stunt way harder(hay) Black car spinnin call me, Mr. Tear-The-Mall-Up(ha) So bring niggas to the left to the left And I'm all about my benjamins just like Mike Epps(money) When it comes to the hoes hell yeah I got alot(true) In the club poppin bottles but my name ain't Yung Joc(ha) And ya already know I'm the freshest With some many chains on me it'll make Slick Rick jealous(HA) (Bow Wow) I'm a young nigga with money What she gon tell you young nigga with some money (Lil' Wayne) Hay you young nigga with money(thats me) What you gon do with all that money I'ma stunt (when I want to) I'm a stunt (when I have to) I'ma stunt (what I need to) I'm a stunt (when I see you) I'ma stunt (when I see you) I'm a stunt (when I see you) Evertime I see you I'ma stunt (When I see you) [Verse 2:Lil' Wayne] Weezy F. Baby, these hold nomen Young meal ticket, watch me kick it like Shinobi Flip it like arobics, my flow is so heroic My girl got a fat ass and I catch it when she throw it Ill wet you in the mornin, burn ya in the evenin Dump ya at night and that duffle bag light Like my shades hella dark and my red flag bright Got ya bitch blowin me, like she playin bag pipe Yep I lay that pipe, I'm the plumber to ya women Im the flame on the stove, in the desert in the summer I'ma stunna so, I'm gonna stunt on you bitches Big tow trucks sitin on chrome inches My account look like foreign digits Dont play in that water cause today I'm goin fishin You dont get it, thats why I punch that 430  Til got it up on inches(too late) And I'm a young nigga with money Now what you gon tell a young nigga with MONEY?! (Bow Wow) Hay you nigga with money(yeah) What you gon do with all that money well I'ma stunt (when I want to) I'm a stunt (when I have to) I'ma stunt (what I need to) I'm a stunt (when I see you) I'ma stunt (when I see) I'm a stunt (when I see) Evertime I see you I'm a stunt (When I see you) [Verse 3: Bow Wow] If your watch cost a hundred, you ain't ridin 28's You ain't stuntin like this (no) You ain't stuntin like this (no) And if your crib didnt come with the butlers and the maids You ain't stuntin like this (no) You ain't stuntin like this (no) And if you ask for the price, when you shop at the mall Then you ain't stuntin like this (no) Then you ain't stuntin like this (no) And if you dont make it rain, when your up in the club Then you ain't stuntin like this (no) Then you ain't stuntin like this (no) NAW! [Chorus 4X] Say nigga this ain't gon stop know what I mean Thats me! shiittt! What you know about ridin 26's nigga Better read about this nigga real talk My paper long baby what I'm sayin man You niggas got to get your weight up Better eat some weaties around here nigga for real The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought Is Over 5 Song: We Hustle Typed by: Uneak_Won2G08@hotmail.com [Intro: Lil Wayne] Yeah, I'm a let you know somethin' 'bout me I'm a 7 boy, know what I'm talkin 'bout? Yeah! I'm on a pound of that oil, that sticky icky To go with it, some of that 'tuss, yeah What you know 'bout it? Nothin' Let me get at 'em [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] Hey, five key's in the freezer while you sittin' on 'em I use to hide 'em in the cupboard had the kitchen funky I'm a superstar hustler all the bitches want me But I'm just tryin' to get my money, keep the piglets off me I'm in the coupe with ten g's in the school bag That's food cash, I got work on campus, news flash, yes Weezy fuckin' baby, with his rude ass, bitch [Verse 2] In a thermal over the flamer, I had the gun cocked And I know you see it like Yung Joc I'm just sippin' on that Remy Blood And I need some ice to light my hands up like MJ gloves While you cuffin' that girl ass, you know she sharin' that Cause I made the Coupe roof, do a disapearin' act Now cricks wanna snitch, I aint tryin' to do a corny bid I wanna shine, so I grind like Horny kids Wait, I told you get the cake or I roast ya Gats drawn, mask on, like its late October Now bitches wanna please me, cause I did a song with Weezy Actin' all sceezy, oh ma, take it easy Right after I bust on your chin, you gotta leave me I told you that I wasn't your friend, you should believe me Im a P to the I to the M to the P-O If I get books, still get my kush from the C-O [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Cause this is murda, murda music So run, run and get your gun and use it Man, and we hustle, hustle, hustle, we hustle, hay We also hustle, hustle, hustle, we hustle, yeah [Verse 3] Yeah money over bitches, dont show her where your stash dummy (naw) Need a bird man, so I'm hollerin' at Cash Money Then I'm gon' chop it up (yeah) see the fiends coppin up (okay) Feds they be watchin' us (yeah) lookin' through binoculars (uh huh) But they ain't stoppin' us (no) they don't know where the block'd'r'us (no) Drama Boy Click if you run up, then my glocks'll bust (yeah) My plan is to put man lead in ya guys (okay) My brother on my side in that black 745 (c'yeah) No tints, you can see my face (uh huh) when I squeeze the 8 Ridin' up on ya point blank range (bang) piece of cake It's that murda music for them coca movers (c'yeah) Gangster's floatin' to us (c'yeah) they load they toasters to it (okay) They shot D's, definiton of a drama boy (drama boys) I'm ridin', out Expedition with the lima to it (ah ha) And let me find out your strip is twerkin' (c'yeah) You gon' end up a missin' person, I need the bricks for certain Shot at ya Maybach Windows and rip they certain's (yeah) Call up the funeral home now and get the hurses (get the hurses) Been knew you niggas was bitches, ya'll need to get some purses This for them trap stars actin' like ya'll rappers with them glass jaws [Verse 4: Heartlay] Yeah, you said it's money, money, murda, murda Yeah, they call me threats, I put that gat and straight, serve ya Niggas talkin' burners, like they got the fuckin' nerve ta Pussy, I will hurt ya, murk ya, broad day Pop up like Bishop the Extiler, up in the hallway I spit it, cause I live it, the difference is you all think Dippin' from the destrict, movin' swiftly with this Pav-kay Hit you in your biscuit, while you slippin' on a off day Nigga this is Heartlay, c'yeah, the hottest to spit But it's real like when your bitch made it burn when you piss Nigga ill, I give 'em chills, when I burn 'em with this I'm too hot with two glocks, I can earn 'em with digits So much money to be made (made) dollars to be spent (spent) C'yeah, niggas try to dig my grave, holla when you catch Every fuckin' slug nigga, shoot you in your mug nigga Cops want me locked down, inditement as a drug dealer They said I popped them shots cause I'm a thug nigga The truth I'll pop them glocks 'cause I don't love niggas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought Is Over 5 Song: Come About It Typed by: Uneak_Won2G08@hotmail.com Came in the game as a young'n Signed with Cash Money, pocket fulla money Niggas pop shit, always talkin' 'bout somethin' See ya' ass in public, it's a whole 'nother subject Man they just talk about it, they just talkin bout it And I'm on the streets with it, I'm on the streets with it See where I come from you got to be about it And if you want it want it, we come and see about it [Verse 1] Okay, uhh It's Weezy baby like the last shit A big car and a bad bitch, uhh I'm so fly, I need my ass kicked These niggas ballin' by accident, uhh Keep talkin' nigga fuck up your body Singin hormon' til' your mournin', was a accident, uhh Haha, I'm a G til the casket drop on my glasses, uhh Fast money, I'm the fastest I got that hustler's passion ya know Them boys back in the ass in I'm at the bank tryin' to cash in Okay [Verse 2] Okay it's been a murder, bitch I make a killin' Insurance papers and the safe money in the ceilin', uh I got a pillow case full of pistols Come thru a nigga house and aim at the pillows, uh Yeah, wake up, wake up, fuckin' with them boys You gon' wake up taped up, ya dig Now go drink that lake up stick 'em in the trunk And let them feel that bass pump, haha These niggas is nuts that man that M-14 leave you physicially fucked Haha these niggas is ducks well you can call me Scrooge Cause I'm swimmin' in bucks, bitch [Verse 3] Yeah okay, yeah, yeah Too hot, to cold, uh, I'm red hot, blue cold I'll knock your melon out your fruit bowl All my guns black, I got true soul, yeah And the Coma Coupa black panther bla, bla, bla Thats the gat anthem and if a nigga play with family for that matter I'm a smoke so many niggas I'm a catch cancer, c'yeah And if I step up out this Benz'o, you know I'm comin' with a gun like a Nintendo, they soft Them niggas fallin' when the wind blow Then I'm rollin' up my window, fuck 'em The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Boyz N Da Hood, T.I. Album: Da Drought Is Over 5 Song: Gangsta Boys Typed by: Uneak_Won2G08@hotmail.com [Intro: Lil Wayne] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Wizzle F. Baby bitch! Yeah Boys in the motherfuckin' Hood guess who? yeah you already (Yeah ye ye ye-yeah) I save ya (haha) already yeah I'm hearin' niggas nag me shorty (haha, yeah, yeah boy) come on [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] Big money heavyweight, it's what the streets call him (yeah) Young stunna in this bitch like she ridin' on me (yeah) Hidin from nothin', runnin' from nobody (uh uh) Boy I told somethin' about the size of your whole body (yeah haha) Niggas get confronted just as soon it's a no bottom (yeah haha) Stick 'em in the oven make cinnamon rolls out of 'em (ow) Sweet ass nigga, you smell like my girl pussy (haha) I'm aimin' bitch nigga, I ain't lookin' (uh) And I'm namin' bitch niggas like the cookie (come on) I'll knock out your teeth, with the back of the heat (UH) Meat, all over the street, how neat? If I was starvin' motherfucker, i'll eat, (what) beef (yeah) Ya'll know me nigga show me to that treasure (yeah) See that metal on your tongue, (yeah) better answer every question Wheres it at bitch niggas say somethin' and i'll kill ya You never met a killa, til' he kill ya, ya dig shorty [Chorus: T.I.] Ha all that matters is what your doin' nigga not what your say Niggas bullshit everyday (alright) but it stop in the A (yeah) Catch me on the east side with a glock and some yay (hay hay hay ) Niggas bullshit everyday but it stop in the A (oh) I say its on in the inside man them choopers'll spray Niggas bullshit everyday but it stop in the A Cause me and Block on the block with a block of the K (hay hay hay) Niggas bullshit everyday but it stop in the A [Verse 2: Duke] Yeah See I hit the blocks off the top within a minute It dont take long for me to go private to lieutenant If I said it I meant it and no offenses gettin' ended (naw) No east talk the beef ain't gettin' dead til' I end it I set up rat traps for niggas that like to teel tap Sunday mornin' get the word (yep) but I'm still strapped Roll the dice with me please believe boy you will crap Get folded up and tucked the way just like a road map (road map) Yeah life is hard just play your card Thats why roll with god and disregard them broads (disregard them broads) Keep servin' that hard never spend a rod This is real shit baby this is not a fesode (not a fesode) Dont get it confused lot a niggas is fraud Get a background check nigga that's why I'm pullin' your card (pullin your card) And I might play with that boy So sometimes I'm 'noyd I might flip and bury you boys in the back of the yard [Verse 3: Jody Breeze] Yeah well I was taught to do what I do That's why I do what I do And I ain't talkin' shit but shorty try me see what I do (boys n da hood) I'm from the bottom of the problem with niggas  It's too many y'all niggas got too many problems with us niggas (problem with niggas) I shoot first I not a follower nigga (follower nigga) Smoke dro all day, I got a problem with memory If you niggas got a problem then try me when you see me (try me) Cause I ain't hard to find you niggas see me (here I go) Dumped off in the cut all to my lonesome (yep) Went to one of you punks to front for a whoresome (go 'head) Actin' all tough like your nuts wanna brawl some (go 'head) I'm a go get the pump and front like you owe me somethin' (pow) You niggas still rainchecks your ass can't cash yet (ah ha) Your bitch gave me head now you wanna ski mask sick (nigga) Crack rock bagged up pounds of seran wrapped (yep) In zip lock bags fulla cash and then it's addin' up I got gorillas gone mad wanna mass up (yep) Askin' where the ice where the yay where the cash at (yeah) So y'all niggas better hush shut your ass up The deuce deuce tray dont play shoot your ass up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Birdman, Yo Gotti Album: Da Drought Is Over 5 Song: I Got Them Typed by: Uneak_Won2G08@hotmail.com [Intro: Birdman] Already, know what I'm sayin This Birdman and this is how its goin down The lil' young'n, Yo Gotti I certified the nigga stamped to approve you feel me and the J.R. I see like niggas must be.. They got us fucked up, they got us fucked up They got us fucked up, we been movin birds bitch They got us fucked up, they got ya fucked up They get ya fucked up, we been movin birds bitch (yeah) [Chorus part one: Birdman] Quarters and halves, chick-chickens and bricks ball-ballers of dope, and ounces and shit Quarters and halves, chick-chickens and bricks ball-ballers of dope, and ounces and shit (I got em) [Chorus part two: Yo Gotti] Get what they lookin for, keep what they lookin for All they got to do is tell me is what they lookin for Make dope, make dope, make dope Make dope, make dope, make dope, Make dope, make dope, (I-I-I got em) [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] Alright, yeah Money to be made, best believe a nigga got it I run it myself, like a quarter back option I pitch ya ten g's, tell a bitch to go shoppin She buys ha' self some clothes and she brought me back a chopper See nigga try to cook it, but know I dont play sucker I'm all about my cake, I'm tryin to marry Betty Crocker A package on the way, you know my whip game proper Ya know for one ki, I see seven thousand dollars Now I will shoot dice, smokin on a joint I bet with Yo Gotti, he hit five straight points We over here hustlin, we over here grindin We rap about money, and a nigga might sign ya Rap about me, and a nigga might find ya Banana in ya ass, its what you hear right behind ya Dope game bitch, let his momma where I bought em You can holla at me, a feat [Chorus part one: Birdman] Quarters and halves, chick-chickens and bricks ball-ballers of dope, and ou-ounces and shit Quarters and halves, chick-chickens and bricks ball-ballers of dope, and ou-ounces and shit (I got em) [Chorus part two: Yo Gotti] Get what they lookin for, keep what they lookin for All they got to do is tell me is what they lookin for Make dope, make dope, make dope Make dope, make dope, make dope, I'm the dope nigga  Make dope, make dope, (I-I-I got em) [Verse 2: Yo Gotti] Another bird man with the bird land got a twenty piece Gotti know charge to Memphis twenty-two a piece Now I'm in the kitchen with a beacon and a brillo loaf Low key and the 'rillo with them things in the fillers Yeah I'm goin ten grand, January to December but theres no winter, summer, gatty lookin lookin like the wimblems I'm goin back to Cali', I got to get the light green Mexico Valley, you know they got them pan trees eighteen rillas, now I'm on ateen On my way to Memphis, I got to get my Hasseen I come from the north of gangstas Cold clap bitch niggas, dont ? hustlas Go shine, everybody say they trippin but most of these niggas laugh I told you to tell stunna away from my town You can rock it and pop it click clack I shot em Chopper bullets brrrroooww I GOT EM [Verse 3: Birdman] Yeah, yeah, Back where I started on my set and black Hopped out the passenger side of my back Under my nuts was two ounces of crack But in my palm I had that chromed out Mac Shinin on them bitches cause nigga I'm 'bout that Flip a quarter bird, and score a whole sack Pull up to the club in the old school 'Lac With a bitch ridin fly, So high you love that Its grind time nigga been about that We flippin birds, let them hoes blow the sacks We livin large with the garbage bag fat Want the money and the power, real niggas gon' stack And ride fly, twenty-fives on the back Plushed out nigga, keep a few stacks Out the hood, bout money and ask that And if you ever cross the line, best believe we get ready [Outro: Birdman] Yeah ya understand me nigga We the motherfuckin stunnas nigga Young Money, Cash Money nigga Yo Gotti what it do stunna nigga Feel me thats how its goin down We puttin it down Money, money, money, Get it, money, get it, 100, ya heard me Thats how its goin down nigga, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne  Album: Tha Carter III  Song: 3 Peat Typed by: francoisking@hotmail.co.uk [Lil Wayne] Yessir, they can't stop me... Even if they stopped me ha ha ha... yahh I'm on it, oooh I'm on it I'm so on it and however you on it You can get it tonight ho, and all night ho I took the beat from *Maestro* uh fucking right ho I might go crazy on these niggas I don't give motherfuck Run up in a nigga house and shoot his grandmother up What, what, I don't give a motherfuck Get your baby kidnapped then your baby motherfucked It's the Carter III bitch better put your supper up Hollygrove I throw it up like I'm tryna lose my gut Fuck is up? Beat 'em up like a million uppercuts Got a million duffled up for the fuck of it shit Get on my level you can't get on my level You will need a space shuttle or a ladder thus forever However I'm better if not now then never Don't you ever fix your lips unless you 'bout to suck my dick bitch Swallow my words, taste my thoughts And if it's too nasty, spit it back at me Two more inches I'da been in that casket According to the doctor I could've died in traffic Bounce right back on them bitches like Magic Abracadabra I'm up like Viagra I should do this shit for my +click+ like +Adam Sandler+ I control hip hop and I'ma keep it on my channel Watch me, bitch watch me, bitch watch me But they cannot see me like Hitler It's the New Orleans nightmare Money so old, it's growing white hair Young Money baby yeah we right here I'ma make sure we ball 'til we fall like tears And Momma don't cry your son can handle his I got her out the hood, and put up in the hills Yeah, when I was 14 I told my Mom we would see better days And sure enough I got Ms. Cita in a better place When I was 14 I told my Mom we would see better days And sure enough we did exactly what I say I tell my girl when you fuck me better fuck me good 'Cause if another girl could she gon fuck me good No sitting at table if you bringing nothing to it And I get straight to it like it's nothing to it Yeah, I got game like Stuart, Scott fresh out the ESPN shop And when Sportscenter poppin e'rthing stopping But you can't fool me I know what you watching ME you watch ME, you watch ME 'Cause I BE Weezy Must see TV, C3 Nigga that's ME and I'm ME I'm ME times three So retreat or suffer defeat I'm back 3 Peat C3! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Jay-Z Album: Tha Carter III Song: Mr. Carter Typed by: numeros_uno1@hotmail.com [Intro - Lil Wayne] I feel big, ya know what I mean Like not, not big in the sense of weight You know what I mean like gaining weight Or, nothin' like that, like, COLOSSAL Know what I mean like, uhhh (sigh) I heard you were lookin' for me? [Chorus - Lil Wayne] (Hey Mr. Carter) Hello (Tell me where have you been?) Eheh, You know (Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) They've been wondering why?) I know, eheh (Hey Mr. Carter) Hey, Hello (Tell me where have you been?) Shitt, you know (Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) They've been wondering why?) Hahaha [Verse 1 - Lil Wayne] Yeah To you forever, from me to you I heard somebody say "Chuuch!" I'ma need a suit I'ma need a Coupe, I won't need a roof Flyer then Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice I got the flow, I'm tryna see the roof Didn't wear a buttletproof, so I got shot and you can see the proof Blind eyes could look at me and see the truth Wonder if Stevie do? But I'ma leave it to God, not Beaver, neither you Cause I'ma murder Y, kill O and even U Man, I got Summer hatin' on me cause I'm hotter then the Sun Got Spring hatin' on me cause I ain't never sprung Winter hatin' on me cause I'm colder than ya'll And I would never, I would never, I would never fall I'm being hated by the seasons So fuck ya'll who hatin' for no reason [Chorus - Lil Wayne] (Hey Mr. Carter) I am him! (Tell me where have you been?) Around the world and I'm back again! (Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Who's been askin' 'bout me? They've been wondering why?) Incase ya wonder-erin'! Hah! (Hey Mr. Carter) I am him! (Tell me where have you been?) Around the world now I'm back again! (Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Who's been askin' 'bout me? They've been wondering why?) Incase ya wonder-erin'! Ha [Verse 2 - Lil Wayne] Yeah I been in and out the bank bitch While ya'll asshole niggas been on the same shit I flush 'em, and watch 'em go down the drain quick Two words you never hear "Wayne Quit!" Cause Wayne win, and they lose I call 'em April babies, cause they fools And when they snooze, We up! Feet up like a, Parap-liguck Or, paraplegic? I parallel park In that red and yellow thing, old school Atlanta Hawk Like I'm from Colli' Park, but I'm from Holleygrove Now all my bloods scream "Zoowoo! and Dadda-do!" I know my role, and I play it well And I wear it well, on my libra scale I suck a pussy, fuck a pussy leave it there I don't want it, I don't even care [Chorus - Jay-Z] Young! (Hey Mr. Carter) I am him! (Tell me where have you been?) Around the world now I'm back again! (Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Who's been askin' 'bout me? They've been wondering why?) Incase ya wonder-erin'! (Hey Mr. Carter) I am him! (Tell me where have you been?) Around the world now I'm back again! (Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Who's been askin' 'bout me? They've been wondering why?) Incase ya wonder-erin'! [Verse 3 - Jay-Z] Shyea I'm right here, in my chair With my crown and my dear Queen B, as I share Mic time with my heir Young Carter, go farther Go further, go harder Is that not why we came? And if not, then why bother? Show no mercy ta Murcilagos Far from being the bastard that Marcy had fathered Now my name's been mentioned with the Martyrs The Biggie's and the Pac's, and the Marley's and the Marcus' Garvey, got me a molotov cocktail Flow, even if you box well, can't stop the blows Kaboom! The Roc Boy in the room The Dopebwoyy just came off the spoon Also, I'm so fly I'm on auto- Pilot, where guys just, stare at my wardrobe I see Euros, that's right, plural I took so much change from this Rap game it's your go Young! (Hey Mr. Carter) [Verse 4 - Lil Wayne] It's my go, yeah And I'ma go so opposite of soft Off the richter, Hector Camacho Man Randy Savage Above status, quo, flow, so, pro I know, I ride slow and when I pass They say "Whaddup killa man?" Stop bringing up my past And next time you mention Pac, Biggie, or Jay-Z Don't forget Weezy baby! [Chorus - Lil Wayne] (Hey Mr. Carter) Amen (Tell me where have you been?) Yeah (Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) They've been wondering why?) Haha (Hey Mr. Carter) Amen (Tell me where have you been?) Hova! (Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Weezy They've been wondering why?) Baby! (Choir - Fade to finish) (Hey Mr. Carter) Hahaha (Tell me where have you been?) I been hustlin' (Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Hustlin' hard They've been wondering why?) Chyeaa [Outro - Lil Wayne] And I swear to everything, when I leave this earth It's gon' be on both feet, never knees in this dirt And you can try me fucker, but when I squeeze it hurt Ahh, we'll lose two lives, yours and mine Gimme any amount of time, don't let Miss Carter grieve At the Funeral Parlor, drippin' tears down my sleeve Gimme any amount of time, don't let Miss Carter grieve... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Carter III Song: A Milli Typed by: km_spooktown07@yahoo.com [Background: A Milli, A Milli, A Milli] Young Money!!!!! PD, yea, Mack I'm Gonna [Verse 1] A millionaire I'm a Young Money millionaire Tougher than Nigerian hair My criteria compared to your career just isn't fair I'm a veneareal disease, like a menstrual I bleed Threw the pencil and leak on the sheet of the tablet of my mind  Cuz I don't write shit cuz I ain't got time Cause my seconds, minutes, hours go to the almighty dollar And the almighty power of the ch ch ch ch chopper Sister, Brother, Son, Daughter, Father Motherfuck a copper Got the mazzerati dancin on the bridge pussy poppin Tell the coppers hahahaha you can't catch him you can't stop him I go by them goon rules if you can't beat em then you pop em You can't man em then you mop em You can't stand em then you drop em You drop em cuz we pop em like Orville Redenbacher I'm ill!!!!! [Verse 2] A million here a million there Sicilian bitch wit long hair with coke in her derierre Like smoke in the thinnest air I open that Lambourgini Hopin them crackers see me like look at that bastard Weezy He's a beast he's a dog he's muthafuckin problem Ok you're a goon but what's a goon to a goblin Nothin nothin you ain't scarin nothin On some faggot bullshit call him Dennis Rodman Call what you want bitch call me on my Sidekick I won't answer if it's private damn I hate a shy bitch Don't you hate a shy bitch? Yea I ate a shy bitch an she ain't shy no more She ain't shy no more she changed her name to my bitch Yea nigga that's my bitch So when she ask for the money when you through don't be surprised bitch An I ain't trickin if you got it But you like a bitch wit no ass you ain't got shit Muthafucka I'm ill not sick An I'm ok but my watch sick Yea my drop sick An my glock sick An my knot thick I'm it Muthafucka I'm ill [Verse 3] They say I'm rappin like BIG, Jay an Tupac Andre 3000 where is Erykah Badu at Who dat Who dat said they gon beat Lil Wayne My name ain't BIC but I keep that flame mane Who dat wanna do dat boy you knew that chew that swallow An I be the shit now you got loose bowels I don't owe you like two vowels But I would like for you to pay me by the hour An I'd rather be pushin flowers than to be in the pen sharin showers Tony told us this world was ours An the Bible told us baby girl was sour Don't play in the garden an don't smell her flower Call me Mr. Carter or Mr. Lawn Mower Boy I got so many bitches like I'm Mike Lowry Even Gwen Stefani say she couldn't doubt me Muthafucka I say life ain't shit without me Chrome lips pokin out the coupe look like it's poutin I do what I do an you do wat you can do about it Bitch I can turn a crack rock into a mountain Dare me Don't you compare me cause there ain't nobody near me They don't see me but they hear me They don't feel me but they fear me I'm illi C3...3 Peat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ T-Pain Album: Tha Carter III Song: Got Money Typed by: badboym35@aol.com [Intro: Lil Wayne] I need Winn-Dixie grocery bag full of money right now to the VIP section (Yea, young, young, young, young, young) [Chorus: T-Pain] Got money (yeah), and you know it (yeah), Take it out your pocket and show it, then throw like (flyy) This-a-way (flyy), that-a-way (flyy), this-a-way (flyy), that-a-way Getting mugged from everybody who sees it Hang over the wall of the VIP like (flyy) This-a-way (flyy), that-a-way (flyy), this-a-way (flyy), that-a-way [Lil Wayne] I was bouncing through the club She love the way I diddy-bop I see her boyfriend hatin' like a city cop Now I ain't never been a chicken but my fitted cocked Say I ant never been a chicken but my semi cocked Now where your bar at I'm trynna rent it out And we so bout it bout it Now what are you about Dj showin love he say my name when the music stop Young money, Lil Wayne then the music drop I make it snow I make it flurry I make it all back tomorrow, don't worry Yah, young wayne on the hoes AKA Mr. Make-it-rain on the hoes Young money [Chorus: T-Pain and Lil Wayne] Got money (yeah), and you know it (yeah) Take it out your pocket and show it, then throw like (flyy) This-a-way (flyy), that-a-way (flyy), this-a-way (flyy), that-a-way Getting mugged from everybody who sees it (yeah) Hang over the wall of the VIP like (C'mon) (flyy) This-a-way (flyy), that-a-way (flyy), this-a-way (flyy), that-a-way [Lil Wayne] (We got this one Streets) We go one for the money Two for the show Clap your hands if you got a bank roll (Chris) Like some clap on lights in this bitch Imma be clappin all night in this bitch Lights off, mask on, creep silent, she smilin, he muggin, who cares Cuz my goons, are right here Like its nothing, to a big dog And I'm a Great Dane I wear 8 chains, I mean so much ice  They yell skate wayne She wanna fuck weezy  But she wanna rape Wayne (And I'mma let her) [Chorus: T-Pain] Got money (yeah), and you know it (yeah) Take it out your pocket and show it, then throw like (flyy) This-a-way (flyy), that-a-way (flyy), this-a-way (flyy), that-a-way Getting mugged from everybody who sees it Hang over the wall of the VIP like [Lil Wayne] Ok, its young wayne on the hoes AKA Mr. Make-it-rain on them hoes like AAAA' And everybody say, Mr. rain man can we have a rainy day Bring an umbrella, please bring an umbrella, ella, ella, ella, AAAA' Bitch ain't shit but a hoe and a trick But you know it ain't trickin if you got it You know you ain't fuckin if you not thick And I'll cool your ass down if you think your hot shit So Rolex watch this I do it four, five, six, my click, clack goes the black four-fifth And just like it I'll blow that shit Cuz bitch I'm the bomb like tick, tick, BIATCH [Lil Wayne] Yea, its young wayne on the hoes AKA Mr. Make-it-rain on the hoes Yea, young wayne on the hoes Make a stripper fall in love, T-Pain on them hoes. Uhh uhh Um, Young moola baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Babyface Album: Tha Carter III  Song: Comfortable Typed by: francoisking@hotmail.co.uk [Chorus: Babyface] I'm not saying this to shame you or sing I'm just saying this to wake you up saying It's all good when we're making love All I'm asking is don't take our love For granted, 'cause granted my love for you is real (ooohh) If you don't love me, somebody else will Babygirl don't you, ever, get too, comfortable (comfortable) [Lil Wayne] To the left, to the left If you wanna leave, be my guest you can step Feeling +Irreplaceable+ listening to +Beyonc+ Well okay I put you out on your +B'Day+ Hey, now if you rocking with Weezy Bedroom in the bank baby we safe I got game like EA But I wanna let you play And don't I treat you like souffl Don't I look at you like I see a new day And don't I do what I do say I'm through talking so I'ma let you 'face And let 'ye do ''ye [Lil Wayne] Yeah, let me catch my breath Talking 'bout leaving, and you ain't gone yet And if you leave, leave correct And I'ma send a jet to pick up the next And if you leave, you leaving the best So you will have to settle for less And I am no Elliott Ness I don't handcuff, I don't arrest I do confess to the bird seed 'Cause under the sheets I am a mess Yes, baby you're blessed Now just don't jump your nest, come on [Lil Wayne] Yeah, it's no sweat, no sweat I would never 1, 2, 3, 4-get about You, your love, your sex You know I work you out like Roflex Hehe, I jokes no stress Love, live life, proceed, progress Make sure the neighbours get no rest We can get together never disconnect Yeah, yo' back yo' neck Funny how that song hasn't got old yet To us, so let's project You stay in, never incorrect 'face The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne  Album: Tha Carter III  Song: Dr. Carter Typed by: francoisking@hotmail.co.uk [Lil Wayne talking with female nurse] [LW] Wheres my coffee? [FN] Good morning Dr. Carter [LW] Hey sweetie [FN] Looks like it's gonna be a long day [LW] Uhhh another one huh? What we got [FN] Your first patient  [LW] Yeah [FN] Is suffering from a lack of concepts [LW] Uh huh [FN] Originality [LW] Ugghh [FN] His flow is weak [LW] Another one [FN] And he has no style [LW] Ugghhh [FN] What you got for him? [LW] Tssss okay [Lil Wayne] Let me put my gloves on, and my scrubs on Dr. Carter to the rescue Excuse me if I'm late but like a thief it takes Time to be this great uhhh so just wait Your style is a disgrace your rhymes are fifth place And I'm just grace one uno ace And I'm tryna make your heart beat like bass Hmm mm, but you're sweet like cake And I come to fix whatever you shall break Where is your originality you are so fake So picture me like a gallery capture what I say All I need is one mic all I need is one take Like hey! brighter than the sun ray Got a pistol on a playground watch the gunplay Like no kidding no kids in the way But the kids do watch gotta watch what we say Gotta work everyday gotta not be clichd Gotta stand out like Andre 3K Gotta kick it, kick it like a sensei  You gotta have faith you gottta gotta Wait wait I think I, I think I lost him (*Flatline*) [Lil Wayne talking with female nurse] [FN] Good afternoon Dr. Carter   I don't know about this one   His confidence is down, vocab and metaphors needs work   And he lack respect for the game [LW] Uhhhh let me see [FN] You think you can save him? [Lil Wayne] Okay respect is in the heart so that's where I'ma start And a lot of heart patients don't make it but hey kid Plural, I graduated 'Cause you can get through anything if Magic made it And that was called recycling Re: reciting something  'Cause you just like it so you say it just like it Some say it's biting but I say it's enlightening Besides Dr. Kanye West is one of the brightest And Dr. Swizz can stitch your track up the tightest And Dr. Jeezy can fix you back up the nicest Arthritis in my hand from writing But I'm a doctor they don't understand my writing So I stopped writing now I'm like lightning And you ain't +Vince Young+ so don't clash with the +Titan+ Fast and exciting my passion is frightening Now let me put some more vocab in your I.V. Here take this Vicodin like it and love it And confidence has no budget So pay me no mind I don't walk it like I talk it 'cause I run it I don't do it 'cause I done it And I'm in the emergency on it God dunnit I've lost another one (*Flatline*) [Lil Wayne talking with female nurse] [FN] Good evening Dr. Carter it's been a long day   But this one looks much better than the others   His respect is back up, concepts sound good   His style is showing strong signs of improvement   All he needs now is his swagger [LW] Okay let me take my gloves off then [Lil Wayne] Swagger tighter than a yeast infection Fly go hard like geese erection Flashing patrol police detection Eyes stay tight like Chinese connection Eyes stay tight like pussy at night Baby don't get me wrong I can do that pussy right But I'm too wrong to write too fresh to fight Too paid to freestyle too paid to freestyle Had to say it twice swagger so nice And don't ask me shit unless it concern a price And I don't rap fast I rap slow 'Cause I mean every letter in the words in the sentence of my quotes Swagger just flows sweeter than honey oats That swagger I got it I wear it like a coat Wait, as I put the light down his throat I can only see flow his blood starting to flow His lungs starting to grow this one's starting to show Strong signs of life where's the stitches here's the knife Smack his face his eyes open I reply What a night Welcome back hip hop I saved your life [Female nurse talking] [FN] He looks good, his vitals are up    He's looking good he's looking good   I think we got one Dr. Carter I think we got one   Yep yep we got one we saved him he's good   He's good we got one he's good   (*Heart beating*)   He's good we got him    We saved him he's a go he's good The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Dr Album: Tha Carter III  Song: Phone Home Typed by: francoisking@hotmail.co.uk [Intro: Dr] This is, this is, this is, this is We are not the same I am a martian We are not the same I am a martian [Female voice talking] Greetings from planet Weezy, we will begin transmission in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 [Chorus: Dr & Lil Wayne] PHONE HOME, WEEZY PHONE HOME, WEEZY PHONE HOME, WEEZY PHONE HOME, WEEZY And if you feel like the best, go 'head and do the Wezzy we and PHONE HOME, WEEZY  PHONE HOME, WEEZY [Lil Wayne] We are not the same I am a martian And I'm hotter than summer rain like Carl Thomas Lock, load, ready to aim at any target I could get your brains for a bargain Like I bought it from target Hip hop is my supermarket Shopping cart full of fake hip hop artists I'm starving, sorry I gotta eat all it And I'll be back in the morning [Lil Wayne] We are not the same I am a alien Like Gonzales, young college student who done Just flipped the game like Houston, I'm used to Promethazine in two cups I'm screwed up And you ain't shit if you ain't never been screwed up Flow so sick make you wanna throw your food up Ice water chest, and my wrist like a cool cup Two twin clippers, I give your ass a crew cut I get bread like cold cuts you know what? Your girl go down fast, come up slow, but I never slow up Weezy [Lil Wayne] They don't make 'em like me no more Matter fact, they never made it like me before I'm rare like Mr. Clean with hair No break lights on my car rear I never hade life, and I never had fear I rap like I done died and gone to heaven I swear And yeah I'm a bear like black and white hair So I'm polar And they can't get on my system 'cause my system is the solar I am so far from the outhers, I mean others I could eat them for supper, get in my spaceship and hover, hover The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Robin Thicke Album: Tha Carter III  Song: Tie My Hands Typed by: francoisking@hotmail.co.uk [Robin Thicke talking] We are at war with the universe, the sky is falling And the only thing that can save us now Is sensitivity and compassion [Singing] Daa da da, da da da daa da da Daa da da, da da da daa da da [Talking] But I know one thing's for sure I'm gonna get my kicks before it all burns down [Lil Wayne] Yeah Some say tragedy's hard to get over But sometimes that tragedy means it's over Soldier, from the academy league of rollers I deny being down though they seem to hold us My, shoulders are strong I prove 'em wrong I ain't doing nothing but moving on Let the truth be known But they talked that freedom at us And didn't even leave a ladder, damn [Robin Thicke] I work at the corner store We all got problems, problems No one's gonna fly down low No one's gonna save us now  How you feel you're not alone We're all just jealous, jealous We don't reach the sky no more We just can't overcome, no [Chorus: Robin Thicke] You tie my hands what am I gonna be? What have I done so bad? What is my destiny? You tie my hands what I am I suppose to see? What have I done so bad? What am I gonna be? [Lil Wayne] I, knock on the door, hope isn't home Fate's not around the lucks all gone Don't ask me what's wrong ask me what's right And I'ma tell you what's life, and did you know? I lost everything, but I ain't the only the one First came the hurricane, then the morning sun Excuse me if I'm on one And don't trip if I light one, I walk a tight one They try tell me keep my eyes open My whole city underwater, some people still floatin' And they wonder why black people still voting 'Cause your president still choking Take away the football team, the basketball team And all we got is me to represent New Orleans, shit No governor, no help from the mayor Just a steady beating heart and a wish and a prayer [Robin Thicke] These friends they come and go But I got family, family These kids so fast they grow They learn so quickly now That there's nowhere to go That there's no future, future Don't make this here so low And we can't overcome, no [Lil Wayne] And if you come from under that water then there's fresh air Just breathe baby God's got a blessing to spare Yes I know the process is so much stress But it's the progress that feels the best 'Cause I came from the projects straight to success and you're next So try they can't steal your pride it's inside Then find it and keep on grinding 'Cause in every dark cloud there's a silver lining I know... [Lil Wayne talking outro] Yeah, yeah, yeah See right now we just riding on love A shot in the dark We ain't tryin to do nothing but hit the heart We need love That's all y'all, that's all [Chorus]x2 Yeah, Born right here in the USA But, due to tragedy looked on by the whole world as a refugee So accept my emotion Do not take it as an offensive gesture It's just the epitome of my soul And I must be me We got spirit y'all, we got spirit We got soul y'all, we got soul They don't want us to see, but we already know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter III Song: Mrs. Officer Typed by: mtyler_hrs@yahoo.com Hey... Hey... Yeah Hey... Yeah Hey, Hey, Hey (Valentino) Woo, Woo, Wooo... (Yeah, Yeahh)... Yea, Yea, Yeaa (Yeah, Yeahh) Woo, Woo, Wooo... (Yeah)... Yea, Yea, Yeaa (Yeahh) Woo, Woo, Wooo... Yea, Yea, Yeaa (Yeah) Woo, Woo, (Yeahh) Wooo... Bobby Valentino [Chorus: Bobby Valentino] When I get up all in ya (Yeah) We can hear the angels calling us (Chea) We can see the sunrise before us (Yeah) And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang (She know what I mean) I make it say... Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Wee) Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Wee) Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Like a cop car) Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Hey) Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Hahaha)... I'll make ya say... [Lil Wayne] (Yeahh)... Doin a buck in the latest drop I got stopped by a lady cop Ha Ha... she got me thinking I can date a cop Ha Ha... cause her uniform pants are so tight She read me my rights She put me in nah car, she cut off all the lights She said I had the right to remain silent Now I got her hollering sounding like a siren Talkin' bout... Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Yea) Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Yea) Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Yea) And I know she the law, and she know I'm the boss And she know I get high a-bove the law And she know I'm raw, she know it from the street And all she want me to do is fuck the police Talkin' bout... Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Yea) Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee... (Yea) [Chorus: Bobby Valentino] When I get up all in ya We can hear the angels calling us (Yeahh) We can see the sunrise before us (Umm) And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang I make it say... Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Yeah) Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Like a cop car) Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Yeah) Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Heey)... I'll make ya say... [Lil Wayne] Ha Ha... And after we got done I said lady what's ya number she said 911 Haaa... emergency only Head doctor perform surgery on me Yeahh... and now I'm healed I make her wear nothing but handcuffs & heels And I beat it like a cop Rodney King baby yeah I beat it like a cop Ha Haaa... beat it like a cop Rodney King baby said beat it like a cop But I ain't tryna be violent But I'll do the time but her love is timeless ... Mrs. Officer... I know you wish ya name was Mrs. Carter huh? Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Yeah) Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee, Like a cop car... [Chorus: Bobby Valentino] When I get up all in ya We can hear the angels calling us We can see the sunrise before us And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang I make it say... Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee... I'll make ya say... [Bobby Valentino] Mrs. Officer, Mrs. Officer Tell your lieutenant get them cuffs off of ya I'm kid kid... my face on every wanted poster I'm wanted by every lady cop all over That ass so big I catch a battery to hold ya My hands so big you thought I told ya to pull it over She pulled me over... pulled me out the rover Then she pulled me closer... do me in the back of the car Put me in handcuffs start ripping my pants off (all you heard on the dispatcher was...) Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee [Chorus: Bobby Valentino] When I get up all in ya We can hear the angels calling us We can see the sunrise before us And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang I make it say... [Bobby Valentino] Maybe you can lock me up and throw away the key Call your sergeant and tell him you can't finish your shift... Cause it's on... tonight... Breakfast in bed turns to breakfast & head And I can't wait to get it on... Wanna do it all night long... Mrs. Officer [Chorus: Bobby Valentino] When I get up all in ya We can hear the angels calling us We can see the sunrise before us And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang I make it say... Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee ... Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee... I'll make you say... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter III Song: Let the Beat Build Typed by: mtyler_hrs@yahoo.com Straight off the block with it Eagle street to be specific I'm peepin at your people different I'm pay my dues you keep the difference I can see the end and the beginning So I'm not racing I'm just sprintin Cause I don't wanna finish They diminish I replenish Scientific I'm out this world hoe I wear bright red like a girl toe No homo, fingernails dirty I've been counting dirty money since 12:30 A-M Weigh them if they short take them right back and spray him amen, yea I just do my Wayne and every time I do it I do my thing, yea Believe that like a true story Rims big make the car look like it's two stories If I hop out - that be suicide No back seats call that paralyze I don't have a spine I don't fantasize I mastermind then go after mine You see I handle mine I dismantle mine I told her tool box bitch it's hammertime So excuse me as I nail em to something Just repeal em I'm kill em Someone tell em that I'm a kill em I'm a feel his mother's mama can't tell em when doctors can't heal em, I'm a kill em And we sell em I know you smell him So if you want it you could just yell it Be in the morning at your tele Hole keys go for twenty, half a key go for eleven, after me there will be nothing I am legend and I will smith Now that's how ya let the beat bitch [Chorus: repeat 3X] Now that how you let the beat build bitch Just a snar in the 8 0 8 Weezy baby on the mic hear away Ok I'd like to thank kanye and my nigga dezzle for giving me this diesel like a F-350 tank never empty Damn everybody in the bank act friendly Usta think my shit didn't stink boy was I wrong Approving million dollar deals from my iPhone I'm take it one two way back Like a silver wife beater and a wave cap all the way through The blue bayou and I wave fool as I blew by you Hello hi you I can buy you but I wouldn't try you feed you to piru I know wat I'm doin I show improvement, show improvement and I know just to go thru it don't amount to your influent, whatever How you wanna do it? we can do it like we late ah wait dezzle let me get the 8 o 8 As I hit the kill switch Now thats how you let the beat build bitch Now everybody say... I am the best rapper alive I am the best rapper alive And I will eat you alive; think I'm lyin? Damn I'ma get in a nigga chest like a bunch of phlegm Like a fuckin ram on the hunt for lamb I'm a dump 'em man in a dumpster can You ain't a soldier ask Uncle Sam, hair nappy like Kam Nigga fuck your plan, fuck yo' man, you ain't a pimp unless you get the same bitch to fuck your man and fuck your plan, and all my bitches know that's my plan Oh god damn there's my sound, po-play likes it's my band Gotta get it cleared suck my dick with red lipstick and don't let it smear And I got a lot of tattoos I meant every tear and I'm still on that street shit back to the beat bitch Now that's how you let the beat build bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Carter III Song: Shoot Me Down Typed by: crdecoursey24@yahoo.com (Weezy) Open up your hearts people Page One, chapter one Verse motherfucking one Yeah, ah-huh I'm drinkin hot tea bitch Feel me Yeah Now if you let me You won't regret me Shit if you let me You won't forget me Remember? And if you don't then ponder Hold up  There's a reminder I ain't kinda hot I'm sauna I sweat money And the bank is my shower Ha-ha and that pistol is my towel So stop sweatin me coward And I would Die for ours Ride for hours Supply the flowers This is history in the makin Now shut the fuck up and let me make it (Chorus) Please don't shoot me down Cuz I'm flyin I'm flyin I'm higherrrrr Please don't shoot me down Cuz I'm flyin	(I swear this tea is at a real good temperature right I'm higherrrrr	now--so am I) (Weezy) I spit Alcatraz bars, I know And D-boys is the only Alphabet Boys I know Got a .380 on my waist and Rambo at home No more bandanna round my dome Bandanna in my right pocket Bitch I'm grown Fuck what you on Now watch me stand on the world As I sit in a throne And if I jump I'ma fly and look into the eagle's eye And see I am nothing like you Why Bitch see It gets me how nothing gets me Or get to me And if you shootin for the stars Then just shoot me But your bullets don't reach Mars Paws, claws Because I'm a beast I'm a dog I getcha My picture should me in dictionary Next to the definition, of definition Because repetition is the father of learnin And son I know your barrel burnin but (Chorus) Please don't shoot me down Cuz I'm flyin I'm flyin I'm higherrrr Please don't shoot me down Cuz I'm flyin I'm higherrrrr (Weezy) Ay! Talked to my daddy Papa I did it to em! I'm a bastard! And I'ma do it again Like nigga backwards These niggas backwards But they behind us Now watch me get high Like time's up Naw D, brung the drums back And watch me hit em where they lungs at Like that I get respect Cuz if I don't, I'ma take it I see ya boy Satan And I see ya girls naked Drum--sound like a naked gun Switch clips with my thumb Then I pop another clip in And aim at his vision Cuz Wayne is his vision Cuz Wayne is the mission I'm aimin at a mirror (Chorus) Please don't shoot me down Cuz I'm flyin I'm flyin			(And I've done it before) I'm higherrrr			(Please don't make me do it no more) Please don't shoot me down Cuz I'm flyin			(Watch me soar) I'm higherrrrr			(Where the fuck is my guitar, now roar) Please don't shoot me down Cuz I'm flyin I'm flyin I'm higherrrrrr The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Static Major Album: The Carter 3 Song: Lollipop Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com [Intro: Lil Wayne] + [Static Major] Uh huh, No homo, Young Moolah baby I said he so sweet, make her wanna lick the rapper So I let her lick the rapper [She lick me like a lollipop - 4X] [Chorus 2X: Static Major] Shawty want a thug Bottles in the club Shawty wanna hump You know I love to touch her lovely lady lumps [Lil Wayne] Okay, lil mama had a swag like mine She even wear her hair down her back like mine I make her feel right when it's wrong like lying Man, she ain't never had a move like mine But man, I ain't never seen an ass like hers That pussy in my mouth had me lost for words So I told her to back it up like burp, burp And made that ass jump like jerp, jerp And that's when she [Pre-Chorus: Static Major] She lick me like a lollipop - 4X [Lil Wayne] Now after you back it up and stop Drop it shawty, drop it like its hot Ooh, drop it like its hot Do it shawty, don't stop Shawty say the nigga that she wit ain't shit Shawty say the nigga that she wit ain't this Shawty say the nigga that she wit can't hit But shawty, I'ma hit it hit it like I can't miss And he can't do this, and he don't do that Shawty need a refund, need to bring that nigga back Just like a refund, I make her bring that ass back And she bring that ass back cause I like that [Lil Wayne] She wanna lick lick lick lick me like a lollipop - 2X Shawty wanna lick me So I let her lick the rapper [Static Major - 4X] Call me so I can make it juicy for ya Call me so I can get it juicy for ya [Lil Wayne] I get her on top, she drop it like it's hot And when I'm at the bottom, she Hillary Rodham The middle of the bed, I'm givin, getting head I'm givin, getting head, I'm givin, getting head I said, I like that - 3X Ooohh Call me so I can come and do it for ya Call me so I can come and prove it for ya Call me so I can make it juicy for ya Call me so I can get it juicy for ya [Outro: Lil Wayne] + [Static Major] Shawty wanna lick me [like a lollipop] Hahah [lick me like a lollipop] [She lick me like a lollipop, lollipop] Say he so sweet, make you wanna lick the rapper So I let her lick the rapper The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Brisco, Busta Rhymes Album: Tha Carter III Song: La La Typed by: mtyler_hrs@yahoo.com Da... Da... Da... David... Banner La, la la la, la, la la la la [x4] [Lil Wayne] (Uh!) Sittin' in a Caddy, bright like Batty Floatin' up the aisle like a bride and her Daddy Hip-hop addict, hip-hop at it Man I swear I'm on top like the attic He'll be choppy with my dog like Shaggy And we stay clean when but get dirty like Harry Flyer than blue birds, cardinals and canaries Fuck me, I'm all about weed like Paris Hilton presidential suite already I'm richer than Nicole and I'm a Lion like her Daddy I am hotter than the Sunday after Saturday I swear I'm a savage like Lil Webbie and Randy Oscar De La Hoya, box ya like a casket Or Diego Coralles, nigga keep jabbin' See my style it varies, like drugs in an alley My leather so soft my paint prettier than Halley Wittier than comedy, nigga write a parody But I ain't tellin' jokes... apparently Apparently, yeah my daughter be the twinkle of my eye You hurt her you kill me and nigga I ain't 'bout to die See y'all are at ground, and my daughter is my sky I swear I look in her face and I just want to break out and fly four tears in my face and you ain't never heard me cry I'm richer than all y'all I got a bank full of pride Ow, started out hustlin', ended up ballin' Nigga I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilette Started with my girlfriend, ended with her homies Started out hustlin', ended up ballin' Started out hustlin', ended up ballin' [x2] Nigga I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilette [Brisco] My paint bubbleish, the motor so vicious The rims the same color as the wrapper of a kisses; Hersey's I'm hyper, thumpin like a piston And when I'm in Detroit I be ballin' like a Piston Boy and did I mention I'm fly like a pigeon Higher than gas prices, you Las Vegas trickin I'm nine under par in a Bentley golf cart The Polo be cream but the Prada's caviar (yeah!) Weezy I'm sick from all this tourin' You told me (sip this,) then call me in the morning (yeah) And I vow I never trust another woman ('nother woman) In my life, and then I got horny (ah hah) [Busta Rhymes] See I ain't goin' no where bitch You know a nigga been home honey Money fuckin' retarded, called the down syndrome money My case sick shit, they diagnose sickle cell brain The revenue stream got a disease like a jail bed Like a mattress from Sing-Sing or way down to Comstock These bitches call me bling king I shit when the bomb drop And sprinkle down into all the niggas flawless in D-Class Then twinkle like a shine, just like a sparkle from clean Glass They movin' on a nigga as I'm walkin' the valley, ready? And Zulu with the cameras like I'm diggin' down Halle Berry My money help me do things that you nigga's can't believe Like purchase personal plates on sort of things that you can't conceive Like interactin' with women, on caliber of Janet I sit and mater my vision and massacre the planet I hope you nigga's know just what it is While I'm countin' my paper niggas know I'm handlin' my biz The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Lil Wayne Album:The Carter III Song:Playing With Fire Typed by:ormcclyde@bsu.edu So you've got so many diamonds You wear all the finest clothes And your grill is shining (shining, shining) As you're drivin down the streets of gold But you, can't, blame, me, if I set this stage on fire! (Heh!) Momma always told me I was crazy And my ho's say I'm amazing but I don't listen to a lady But the bitch say I'm hot, and I say no bitch I'm blazin Like, what the fuck you expect I'm a motherfuckin Cajun And I feel caged in my mind, it's like my flow doin time I goes crazy inside, but when it comes out it's fine Like wine, wait, watch See I get better with time like a watch Osh B'Gosh, Posh Spice husband couldn't kick it like I kick it, bitch I "'Kix" it, no cereal like a landing and I sticks it Wherever she asks me, after she licks it That's too explicit, but why you listenin I smell smoke and somethins sizzlin That's her pussy, so hey pussy, play wit pussy or play pussy But you, can't, blame, me, if I set this stage on fire! (Eh, heh) They say you're nobody 'til somebody kills you But where I'm from you're nobody til you kill somebody And you know what they say When you're great it's not murder it's assassinate So assassinate me, bitch Cause I'm doing the same shit Martin Luther King did Checkin in the same hotel in the same suite bitch same balcony Like assassinate me bitch Swim to him, cheay I don't rap, I film movies, with my rap You can call me Mr. Directors chair Yeah, and that's a wrap Cut on to the next Not the next scene, bitch the next check Some say the X, makes the sex 'spect's So play wit the pussy or play pussy So you got so many diamonds (hey pussy, lay pussy) You wear all the finest clothes (do or die say pussy and I say) And your grill is shining (I say, lay pussy, lay pussy, lay pussy) As you're drivin down the streets of gold (hey pussy) But you, can't, blame, me, if I set this stage on fire! (hey pussy) (Don't play pussy!) (Get em!) Straight off the corner of Apple and Eagle Brave Heart bitch like the Times I'm medieval Married to the game, divorced the Cathedral Standin' on the corner selling porcelean to people Forced into evil, it's all in your head It's all so cerebral, call me Knievel You follow when I lead you Straight to the needle The bottles, the battle, the beetles'll eat you Momma named Cita, I love you Cita Member when your pussy second husband tried to beat you? Remember when I went into the kitchen got the cleaver He ain't give a fuck, I ain't give a fuck neither He could see the devil, see the devil in my features You could smell the ether, you can see Cita You can see the Cita, see the Cita in my features And she don't play neither But you, can't, blame, me, if I set this stage on fire! C3, 3Peat! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Fabolous, Juelz Santana Album: Tha Carter III  Song: You Ain't Got Nuthin' On Me Typed by: francoisking@hotmail.co.uk  [Fabolous] (Talking at start of the verse) Yess! What it look like Alc, tryin to show the niggas man It's that Street Fam man, we rep that Loso, Street fi-di-di-di-dam yess! I'm with +101+ niggas, we +dalmation doggy+ b (yess) And fly with the tongue, so if you feeling froggy leap (come on) Kermit, you better think before you ribbit Don't get murdered over your song, before you ad-lib it I pop up like +Xzibit+, but given I'm at your crib it's (yeah) Not to put no fucking fish tanks in your Civic (nah) Fuck getting your +ride pimped+, you'll get hog-tied wimp Have you in the trunk curled up like fried shrimp (ha ha ha) It's been a good year, maybe I should ride blimp (what you think?) 'Cause your boy just stay above the game They trying to tag him, spray a brother frame But your shots can't reach me, I'm way above your aim Go 'head nigga, say another name (go 'head, go 'head) Take this family for a joke, play them +Wayan brother+ games And +Ima Git You Sucka+, I be schemin' with this +Keenan+ (that's right) Aimin with this +Damon+ , I'm putting that +Major Payne+ in My lil' man is on ya, +Marlon and Shawn+ ya (yeah) Lay the beef on his noodle, make some Luger lesagne (whoo!) 40. Cal fettuccine, trey pound pasta You reach for this medallion, you must like Italian nigga You only see me pushing if the driver's tired (yess) I work the S6 ever since the 5 retired (yess) The drop top, they say it's +Ocean Drive+ inspired So you can +Call A Cab+, once your bitch falls for Fab [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Uhh, I get money like a muhfucker Shades darker than a bitch, but I can see I got everything, you got nothing But you ain't got nothing on me Oww I'm gettin money like a muhfucka Yeeaah, money you ain't never see Yeeaah, I got everything, you got nothing But you ain't got nothing on me [Juelz Santana] (Talking at start of the verse overlapping chorus) Mr. HD, high definition That's how I'm comin' at you niggas ya digg It's Santana Ay! Hahaa I'm on the grind 'til the police come (yeah) With that pistol on my side boy, don't be dumb Or, I let that semi twirl ya (get 'em) Now you can follow the drip 'Cause one shot outta the clip'll jerry curl ya (oooh) Leave you sloppy like seconds, obey me like peasants Or get opened up like presents, please My young boys wildin for respect Slit your throat have you smiling with your neck, say cheese My dough's a bit longer, my flow is just slaughter (yep) My wrist look like fro-zen polar spring water (damn!) So tell me boys, tell me boys, who you think you messing with? (who) I get money out the ass, that's some expensive shit (eeuw) Haven't you all heard? (what?) Y'all all herbs (yep) I stick toothpicks (where) in y'all hors d'oeuvres (Listen) I'm a shark y'all just koi fish (What else?) octopus (what else?) oysters (haa) Chump, I got my eye on your wifey now (yeah) I have her lick me up, (up) and then wipe me down (down) She told me youse a nag, youse a bug (damn) She told me I'm a blast, I'm a stud (damn) She told me you be be beasting, you be checking for the burns So I gave her knee-pads for the rug (haa) It's skull gang from the chain or the lifestyle You surfboard dudes get wiped out, totally [Lil Wayne] Uh huh uh huh uh huh, check me out Get you 3,4 get you Like the number after 1, I'ma get me 2 It's Weezy F U, now you gotta have a baby  My money don't folds nor bends Mercedes Maybach, grey-black And I got a 44. and a 'K, like 8 stacks Fuck your city and your town, I state facts Take that, no better yet like Diddy take that Wait rats, I hate rats, I clean 'em out like Ajax Got paper like a fax machine, asaneen Damn I mean asinine, I'm dapper don And after mine there will be nine, damn I mean there will be none I will be one, of the greatest things you've ever felt, you've ever seen Or heard, Car-ter, hov-er, y'all scared, not me Not I, call me young Popeye Tell Bruno I'm a noo-no, I bring ral to your fune Damn I mean funeral, funeral You say tomato, I say tomato You say get 'em, I say got 'em, yeah I got 'em Man you better keep paying me, 'cause you don't want my problems I be wildin like +Capital One What is in your wallet?+ You fly, but what is it to pilot? Weezy I'm at the top, foot up in your bottom Huuh, damn I mean, foot up in your ass I kick that shit, now go'n put it in the trash [Chorus] w/ variations to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter III Song: Don't Get It (Misunderstood) Typed by: mtyler_hrs@yahoo.com [Nina Simone sample] Baby understand me now If sometimes you see that I'm mad Don't you know no one alive can always be an angel When everything goes wrong, you see some bad But I'm just a soul whose intentions are good Oh lord please don't let me be misunderstood [Lil Wayne] Misunderstood ain't gotta be explained But you don't understand me so let me explain Stood in the heat, the flames, the snow please slow down hurricane The wind blow, my dreads swang He had hair like wool, like Wayne dropping ashes in the bible I shake em out and they fall on the rifle scary, hailmary no tale fairy all real very, extraordinary perry mason facing, the barrel if he tattle my God is my judge, no gown no gavel I'm a rebel, down to battle now or never, I would never ??? fucking fantastic, fuck if you agree but I don't give a fuck if you see me [Nina Simone] I'm just a soul whose intentions are good Oh lord please don't let me be misunderstood [Lil Wayne] What's understood ain't gotta be explained so for those who understand meet Dwayne for 8 and a half months I gave Ms. Cita pain now it's young money baby, keep the change my mama say fuck em and we the same so hello motherfucker you got some sheets to change and ain't it funny how people change like easter Sunday you know church fit then outfit bright pink and green chest look house lit bright pinky rings but that ain't about this what you bout bitch excuse my French emotion in my passion but I wear my heart on my sleeve like it's the new fashion what are you asking, if I don't have the answer it's probably on the web, like I'm a damn tarantula but I know you don't understand, cuz you thought Lil Wayne is weezy but weezy is DWayne [Nina Simone] I'm just a soul whose intentions are good Oh lord please don't let me be misunderstood [Outro] I was watching t.v. the other day right got this white guy up there talking about black guys talking about how young black guys are targeted targeted by who? America you see one in every 100 Americans are locked up one in every 9 black Americans are locked up and see what the white guy was trying to stress was that the money we spend on sending a motherfucker to jail a young motherfucker to jail would be less to send his or her young ass to college see, and another thing the white guy was stressing was that our jails are populated with drug dealers, you know crack/cocaine stuff like that meaning due to the laws we have on crack/cocaine and regular cocaine police are only, I don't want to say only right, but shit only logic by riding around in the hood all day and not in the suburbs because crack cocaine is mostly found in the hood and you know the other thing is mostly found in you know where I'm going but why bring a motherfucker to jail if it's not gonna stand up in court cuz this drug ain't that drug, you know level 3, level 4 drug, shit like that I guess it's all a misunderstanding I sit back and think, you know us young motherfuckers you know that 1 in 9 we probably only selling the crack cocaine because we in the hood and it's not like in the suburbs, we don't have what you have why? I really don't wanna know the answer I guess we just misunderstood huh you know we don't have room in the jail now for the real motherfuckers, the real criminals sex offenders, rapists serial killers don't get scared, don't get scared I know you saw one them sex offenders papers don't trip he live right on the end of yo block Mhm yea, that nigga live right down the street from you sex offender on the level 3 drug convicted ex-con yea check em out watch you got, you got a daughter, son, what you got? haha yea, you know what that's the good weed you know what, I have a fucking daughter you understand me and why the fuck would you bring my neighbor to jail just because the reason why he live next door to me ain't the reason I live next door to him Meaning he didn't wrap his way to my fucking neighborhood he sold crack cocaine to get to my neighborhood you move him out bring him to jail for life and then you move in with a sex offender ahaha, hey give me a paper ahaha is that a misunderstanding because I didn't understand it another thing, let me take my glasses off cause I wanna see the reaction on there faces when I say this ha-ha, uh Mr. Al Sharpton here is why I don't respect you and nobody like ya see you're the type that gets off on getting on other people that's not good, no homo rather unhuman, I should say I mean giving the fact that humanity were a good humanity rather to me is helping one another no matter your color or race but this guy and people like him, they?d rather speculated before they inflamate if that's a word, ha-hahaha you know spec before check anyways meaning id much rather you talk to me first and see if you can lend an opinion before you link one just my thought of good humanity Mr. Sharpton hold on I ain't finished with you man na fuck that shit Mhm hold on, um Mr. sharp ton and anyone like you, you don't know me so if your not going to try to then what you say or think about me are what ever I do is totally Casper the friendly ghost to me and it doesn?t make you a good person to criticize before you improvise doesn?t necessarily make you a bad person either but the characteristics for heavenly into bads way, ahaha but since I am human I am good and bad, as well but I try my hardest to stay good threes other things I do and say may be bad or just not to good but I do try, so with that said I don't vote you, I mean your only human, good or bad but I also don't respect you and I don't care if that's good or bad you see you are no MLK you are no Jesse Jackson, you are nobody, to me your just another don king, with a perm, hahaha just a little more political, and that just means you're a little unhuman then use humans, and now let me be human and say fuck Al Sharpton and anyone like him fuck if you understand me I love being misunderstood haha why? cause I live in the suburbs but I come from the hood Bring the hook in The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Carter 3 Song: I'm Me Typed by: Uneak_Won2G08@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne] The hottest under the sun  Ain't nobody fuckin' me man Haha and you already know that pimpin' yeah Cash Money records where dream's come true Fuck up my dreams somebody gon' die tonight And you already know that pimpin'  Hay, it's Cash Money Records man a lawless game [Verse 1] Un fuckin believable, Lil Wayne's the president Fuck em, fuck em, fuck em, even if they celibate I know the game is crazy, it's more crazy, than it's ever been I'm married to that crazy bitch, call me Kevin Federline It's obvious, that he'll be Cash Money til' the death of him The ground shall break, when they bury him (bury him) I know one day they gotta bury him Better lock my casket tight baby, so I don't let the devil in Nigga it's just me and my guitar, yeah bitch, I'm heavy metaling You can get the fuckin Led Zeppelin Niggas is bitches, bitches, I think they full of estragine Than we hold court and take your life for the settlement Yeah, plus I'm the best and no I aint positive I'm definite I know the game like I'm reffin it This is the Carter, the Carter 3, The New Testament And I'm the god and this is what I bless 'em with [Hook] Bitch I'm me, I'm me, I'm me, I'm me Baby, I'm me, so who you, you're not me, you're not me And I know that ain't fair, but I don't care I'm a motherfuckin Cash money millionaire I know that ain't fare, but I don't care I'm a motherfuckin Cash money millionaire, bitch [Verse 2] Junior! It's Cash Money over everything It's in my blood, I feel it running in every vein I'm from the mud, i'am a missile like a scud What's really good, I'm bout the Rawkus like Thud And I stayed on my flow and Cash Money like a rug Tied to the fuckin' Birdman like a Lug And dear Mr. Ronald Williams to you I shall forever give thanks like a pilgrim Cash Money million..heir to the throne Goin' at there heads, like hairs in a comb Sitting by the window, I just stare at the stones Know I might get through it like hair in a comb Money over bitches, my niggas trust my senses I will take it like desher as the lord as my witness And you have all witnessed, but I am not finished Keep your mouth closed and let your eyes listen [Hook] [Verse 3] Last year they had the grammy's, and left me in miami Sleepin' on a nigga, like I'm rappin in my jammies I'm rappin' when you sleep, I was rappin when you were in jammies Mel Gibson flow, Lethal Weapon, book them Danny I'm a monster I tell you, monster Wayne I have just swallowed the key to the House Of Payne Now I'm stuck here to deal with the houses pain Fuck with me and I will peal, like the house's paint Let's go, niggas don't know seamon cause I'm better in boat The only time I will depend is when I'm 70 years old That's when I can't my hold shit within, so I shit on myself Cause I'm so sick of tired shittin' on everybody else I'm tryin' to tell you like I'm sayin' somethin' I'm from the dirty like the bottom of my pants cuff And there nothin' gon' stop me, so just envy it Hay? i'll except a friendly quit! haha [Hook] [Lil Wayne] The hottest under the sun  Ain't nobody fuckin' me man And you already know that pimpin' Cash Money records where dreams come true Somebody gon' die tonight And you already know that pimpin Hay? It's Cash Money Records man a lawless game The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne Album: The Carter 3 Song: Gossip Typed by: Ruffryder327@aol.com * * first single; send corrections to the typist (Verse 1) STOP! hatin' on a nigga That is a weak emotion The lady of a nigga And you can get tipped Like you waitin on a nigga Put in body bag and a apron on a nigga I give my all behind the mic But you can never see If you sit behind the light You don't have to pick me to win the title fight But I'ma wear that championship belt so tight And if I'm wrong there is no right And if I'm wrong there is sno-white I'm tryin to be polite But you bitches in my hair Like the fucking po-lice My flow is rare These other rappers nice These other rappers bark Some of em even bite But I'm much more bright I give the game sight So before you dim the light You just might might wanna... (Verse 2) STOP analyzing, criticizing You should realize what I am And start epitomizing Confident, got the heart of the biggest lion Confident like fuck em all Pull out my dick and ride it My flow sick so sick Its like my shit is dying It rains a lot in my city Cuz my city's cryin Cuz my city's dyin But I emerge from all of that I am a living poi-ne'er ZION, fear god not them Steer my robin coupe thru the streets In the booth and SABOO And then I leave a tub in the booth I leave a bloodbath Sorry there's a tub in the booth Now, WHERE THE DRUGS AT? Like the strings on a shoe, no nigga fuck that! I'm twisted like the strings on a boot WHERE NEW ORLEANS AT? I feel hip hop stole me Like a bus pass So in your possession I must ask... (Verse 3) Drag my name thru the mud I come out clean Castaway stones I wont even blink A gun is not a math problem I wont even think Just leave you dead Like the mink under my sink Don't believe in me Don't believe me I graduated from hungry And made it to greedy My flow is like pasta Take it and eat it But I'ma need cheese If I'm baking a zede You niggaz want beef? I want a steak and a webe Lost in Amsterdam By Jamaica where we be Hard body nigga takin it easy All about my paper bout my paper like easy Why do rappers? Why do rappers? Lie to fans lot of rappers, lot of rappers Lie like acting (Talking) Cut the motherfuckin' camera Cut the check Fuck ya props I AM HIP HOP And I ain't dead I'm alive The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Carter III Song: Kush Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Hook] Yeah, and we smoke that kush... yeah, that kush Yeah, and we ball like swoosh... yeah, like swoosh Yeah, and we smoke that kush... yeah, that kush Yeah, and we ball like swoosh... yeah, like swoosh Now how you like me now? [Lil Wayne] Got the Hog on 2-6 Press a button, watch the motherfucker do tricks I don't know what you on but I'm on some new shit While your bitch is on my dick like a glue stick I got a grill, I don't have to get my tooth fixed The tooth fairy would retire if I lose it Straight out the clip is how I spit like an Uzi You can't find me cause I'm lost in the music I running this and I can jump the hurdles I'm feeling like I'm racing a bunch of little turtles Keep a bandana like the ninja turtles I'm like a turtle when I sip the purple [Hook] And I smoke that kush... yeah, that kush And I ball like swoosh... yeah, like swoosh And we smoke that kush... yeah, that kush And we ball like swoosh... yeah, like swoosh So how you like me now? [Lil Wayne] Buck 60 on the dash, I'ma do two Captain Crush, these niggas is fruit loops That's why your girl wanna fuck me and my group too And I'ma make her back it up like "Joop, joop" I'm the Birdman junior, I gotta do coups I hop up out that motherfucker hollering "Soo whoot?" Hollygrove 17, I'm from the zoo crew You would think every animal in the zoo loose *Fuck with me* I'm on that screw juice But I keep my shit together, not a screw loose Yeah... word to my Guc' boots I'm higher than a new suit... [Hook] Cause we smoke that kush... yeah, that kush And we ball like swoosh... yeah, like swoosh Yeah, and we smoke that kush... yeah, that kush And we ball like swoosh... yeah, like swoosh Now how you like me now? [Lil Wayne] Buck 40 on a ring that I don't really wear But I bet it light up the night like the city fair This shit ain't fair, I didn't have to go there But all this ice got me feeling like a polar bear I'm so aware, I'm so prepared I'm so fly I'll take off into the open air Lift off, Cristal Please, crackers with cheese Nigga please, we on J-E-T's Like Curtis Martin in white and green I'm lighting lightning, light the thing Light the thing, no Reggie mayne [Hook] You know I smoke that kush... And I ball like swoosh... You know I smoke that kush... And I ball like swoosh... Now how you like me now? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter III Song: Love Me or Hate Me Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne] Thank you I've been through it all The fields, the falls, I'm like Niagra But I got right back up like Viagra I am agriculture, swagger's so mean it might insult ya Hah, I'm like an ultra vulture I fuck around and catapult ya Torture! Thought ya, parents taught ya You guys is cho-cha, I'm gone, buenas noches Flow - scorcher, and I don't even write No - author, so - harder, so - smarter All about a dollar like fo' - quarters Oh father, will tonight be my last? And if so, make sure my kids see my cash And I know, I'm silent like an album cast And my future will be better than my past Weezy! [Hook] You can love me or hate me I swear it won't make me or break me I'm going wherever the money take me Until they funeral and wake me, and don't wake me Cause I'm sleeping, I'm dreaming I know that there's a better way cause I've seen it lord But this faster money is so convenient And I need it, say I need it [Lil Wayne] C-A-R-T-E-R I spit movies like a VCR I spit rounds like the Tiki bar And if I got beef I'm the meat cleav-ah And I are, the illest nigga Martin Luther King died for And I ride for, Hollygrove 1-7, Eagle Street And I'm higher than an eagle's feet, but I believe in me Apple is the cross street, I am just an offspring Born in the ghetto, that's why I can't let go One call, I'll have my dogs on ya like an echo Baby I am the real deal, no pickle Uh, I spit single cell psycho I go, off like a motherfucking rifle And I'm from, the underground baby like a pipe hole And I will stand tall like light poles until the light blows [Hook] And you can love me or hate me Baby I swear it won't make me or break me And I be going wherever the money take me Until they funeral and wake me, and don't wake me Cause I'm sleeping, and I'm dreaming See I'm just hustling, living what I believe in dog And it's a problem when a homie's not eating And I'm greedy, I'm greedy [Lil Wayne] Share my blood, feed my family My flow will have to plead insanity So sick I need Grey's Anatomy Acid like a bust open battery I'm cool like L.A. nights I'm tight like ballet tights Eight twelves, I swear the other day I pissed Cristal These bitches try to kick it like gentiles I've got to watch my head in the battle I'm just trying to stay ahead of my shadow And I'm floating like a boat and a paddle Alligators and rattlesnakes But I promise I will take a nigga off like a Saturday Got money to validate, I'm icy like carrot cake Different coloured diamonds make me look like a salad plate I'm straight out the alley, wait, it's the nigga ya daddy hate Weezy F. Baby, great! [Hook] I know they love me then hate me But I'm a G, it won't make me or break me And you can find me wherever the money place me Yeah, until your riding to the wake B, and don't wake me Cause I'm sleeping, and I'm dreaming And here my lord gotta come greet me dog So I thank him everyday for my achievements And I'm Weezy, I'm Weezy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter III Song: Talkin' About It Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com Yeah, Yeah, OK [Hook] Came in the game as a young-un Signed with Cash Money, pocket full of money Niggas popping shit, always talking bout something See ya ass in public, it's a whole 'nother subject Man they just talking bout it, they just talking bout it And I'm on the streets with it, I'm on the streets with it See where I come from, you gotta be about it And if you want it want it, we'll come and see about it [Lil Wayne] OK, uh It's Weezy baby like the last shit A big car and a bad bitch, uhhhh I'm so fly, I need my ass kicked These niggas balling by accident, uhhhh Keep talking nigga, fuck up your body Send ya homie to tell ya mom it was an accident, uhhhh I'm a G till the casket Drop all my glasses, uhhhh Fast money, I'm the fastest I got that hustler's passion, you know? Dem boys back at the ass end I'm at the bank trynna cash in, OK [Hook] [Lil Wayne] OK There's been a murder, bitch I make a killing Insurance papers in the safe, money in the ceiling, huh I got a pillowcase full of pistols Come through a nigga house and aim at the pillows, huh Yeah, wake up, wake up Fucking with the boys, you could wake up taped up Ya dig? Now go and drink that lake up Stick him in the trunk and let him feel that bass pump Hah, these niggas is nuts Man that M-14 leave you physically fucked Hah, these niggas is ducks Well you could call me Scrooge cause I'm swimming in bucks Bitch! [Hook] [Lil Wayne] OK, yeah, yeah Too hot, too cold I'm, I'm red hot, blue cold, yeah I knock ya melon out ya fruit bowl All my guns black, I got truth sold, yeah And I call my coup a black panther "Blat, blat, blat" That's the gat anthem And if a nigga play with family for that matter I'ma smoke so many niggas I'ma catch cancer, yeah And if I step up out this Benzo You know I'm coming with a gun like a Nintendo They soft, them niggas falling when the wind blow Then I'm rolling up my window, fuck 'em! [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Static/Major, Kanye West Album: Tha Carter III * Song: Lollipop (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com * iTunes bonus track {All of the voices are in Auto-Toner a la T-Pain} [Lil Wayne - Intro] Uh-huh...No homo (Young Mula, baby...) I say he so sweet, make her wanna lick the rapper... Remix, baby! [Kanye West] Lollipop, lollipop Breasts is just like Dolly Part-on She ride my spaceship 'til she hit the top That hit the spot, 'til she ask "How many li-i-li-i-licks do it take 'til she get to shop?" Don't worry why my wrist got so freeze Tell her, "Girl, like Doritos, that's +na-cho cheese+" Tell her friends, "Like Fritos, I'm tryin to +Lay+ I cain't +only have one+ and I ain't tryin to wait" This a song with Wayne, say you know it's gon' melt Butchu ain't finna murder me like everybody else I'ma rap like I got some type of respect for myself I don't do it for my health, man I do it for the belt Man, I do it to the death, 'til the roof get melt Hunnid degrees, drop the roof, so the Coupe don't melt Man, the flow so cold, chicken soup won't help We need fo' mo' hoes, we need ohh-ohh-OH-OHHH!! You know what it is when we're outta town We ball in two seats, and you out of booooounds So come here baby guuurrrrl You now fuckin wit the best in the woooooooooooooooooorld... Lollipop-pop... The best in the woooo-oooOOOOOOOOOOOOORLD... (Sh-sh-she lick me like a lollipop..) (She-she lick me like a lollipop..) Woooorld...woooorld... [Chorus 2X: Static/Major] Shawty want a thug, thug, thug... Bottles in the club, club club... Shawty wanna hump, you know I like to touch your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps... [Lil Wayne] Shawty say she wanna lick the rapper.. and she gonna lick the rapper And I just wanna act like a porno-flicking actor I +Anita Bake+ her, now she caught up in that +Rapture+ I got so much chips, I swear they call me Hewlett Packard I got so much chips, you can have a bag if you're a snacker Greedy mutha-fudge cakes, now tell me how dat fudge taste I do it for Bloods' sake, suu-woo think it's voodoo How that roof do di-di-dissipate, your girl wants to participate She so-so-sophisticate, 'cause her brain is off the chain And then my diamonds are in the choir, because they sang from off my chain And my Nina just joined the gang, because, all +she+ do is +bang+! Like Ricky Martin; Wayne and Kanye - pick your poison If that woman wanna cut, then tell her I am Mr. Ointment Tell her to make an appointment with Mr. I-can't-make-an-appointment Take my lollipop and enjoy it - remix! [Chorus 2X w/ ad-libs] [Lil Wayne] Why would she? She probably be the odd cookie in the plastic bag 'bout to get crushed by a building I flushed out the feeling of, me bein the shit 'cause I was leavin skid marks on, ev'rywhere I sit I am everywhere, I'm it like, Hide-n-Go and I can go anywhere, innie, minnie, miney, mo I'm in yo', neighborhood area, CD thang, tape deck iPod, ya gurlfriend and she say I got great sex Safe sex is great sex, better wear a latex 'cause you don't want that late text, that "I think I'm late" text Heh-heh, so wrap it up Bu-bu-but, he's so sweet sh-she wanna lick the rapper (RE-RE-RE-REMIX, BA-BAY!!) [Static/Major - Outro] Lick me like a lollipop...(lollipop...) She-she lick me like a lollipop...(lollipop...) Sh-sh-she lick me like a lollipop...(lollipop...) She-she lick me like a lollipop...(lollipop...)[*echoes*] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter III Song: Prostitute 2 Typed by: johnsatchmo@yahoo.com Yessir.. Um, I wouldn't care if you was a prostitute and hit every man that you ever knew See it, wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you, girl And you won't never have to worry about me, as long as you keep it real Whatever's on your mind, speak don't hide your feelings Stay true for me and never lie to me and don't you ever keep no secrets, no matter.. Know what I mean.. yeah.. Well if you don't then I'll explain.. Listen I wouldn't care if you was a prostitute and hit every man that you ever knew See it, wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you girl And you won't never have to worry about me, long as you keep it real Whatever's on your mind, speak don't hide your feelings Stay true for me and never lie to me and don't you ever keep no secrets, no matter whatever.. You know what I mean yeah Well if you don't then I'll explain You could be Mrs. Wayne And we could do the damn thang Had to tell my brother Maine I met a girl like you And I ain't never met another girl like you Cause I know what to do with a girl like you, I do I wouldn't care if you was a prostitute and hit every man that you ever knew See it, wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you girl And you won't never have to worry about me, long as you keep it real Whatever's on your mind, speak don't hide your feelings Stay true for me and never lie to me and don't you ever keep no secrets, no matter whatever.. You know what I mean yeah Well if you don't then I'll explain See I'd give up the game At the top of the arena there's a jersey with my name, baby What's happening baby? What's happening baby? I know you need to roll with a champion baby And everytime I see you I get asthma baby Like *inhales* that's my baby I wouldn't care if you was a prostitute and hit every man that you ever knew See it, wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you girl And you won't never have to worry about me, long as you keep it real Whatever's on your mind, speak don't hide your feelings Stay true for me and never lie to me and don't you ever keep no secrets, no matter whatever.. You know what I mean yeah Uhh, yeah, uhh, yeah-uh, see cause I ain't the kind that kiss and tell But my man say that he really knows you well But I don't care, I wanna know you for my damn self Yeah, and even those thugs that say you scandalous Swinging on the pole from one man to the next I don't care what he say, no I don't care what he say Because, they can say what they want baby But the will never change my views Cause they would never know you the way that I know you And I'm trying to share to rest of my whole life with you And if it gotta be a down, so be it baby And if your friends can't understand You don't need 'em baby You don't need 'em baby You don't need 'em baby Don't need 'em Guitar... Now lemme hear you say "I love you baby" Say "I love you baby" [repeat until fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyga f/ Lil Wayne, Rich Boy Album: Coconut Juice (S) Song: Coconut Juice (Remix) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Tyga - Chorus] Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up twist it all up [Lil Wayne] Remix Baby [Lil Wayne] I'm, about to go dumb Im about to go dumb, like Fred Sanford's son Ah I'm, I'm about to go coconuts and when it comes to money man, I'm about to go Oprah and you ain't got to vote for us cause we ain't never runnin so you better get back like we ain't never buntin yeah, I put the lime in the open blunt and twist it all up baby I am not the sober one I'm from the jungle where the lion ate the cobra and I get money, got a no-money phobia uh-hauh, Tyga, Tyga what a do man, we are flyer than the pigeon in the coop man, I am hotter than a nigga in a suit in the middle of the summer, and I bang like a drummer Waynes that nukka,holla at ya gualla, make the money chase the shadow, call it dollar after dollar [Tyga - Chorus] Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up twist it all up, twist it all up [Tyga] Coconut juice got me real loose like Got me leaning 3 thousand proof like Coconut juice all on the dance FLOOR Fellas let your ladies GO ladies let your Fellas GO, in low no introduction WAIT, was that an introduction? Fo-foget it, I stu-stu-stu-stutter just so you can get it My diamonds so bright, I get picture tickets to tit it No, I'm loin Right here the Tyga, no Lion. Tyga flowed, humanater, a buteroll tale You do this slow, smokings on me, don't touch me, still blow cause she won't be missed like ben gorden free throws. uh uh, Its the cheap coal from marciano and I'm in the game, but my fame on the d-low me no, speak no, broke money englush loyal I'll be forever in a lake like seaglus Jesus, couldn't even save me from the visa So I keep ha, historic names in my James Ben Frank, name tag be Tyga man Oh, you mad cause the chase, stylin' with straight Tyga man [Tyga - Chorus] Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up twist it all up, twist it all up [Rich Boy] I'ma get some flames over the horn of artagrab Bitch aint a buff, until you have a whole sale I'll take the coconut juice and mix it with a old goose Hutchy hoot-a-hoot fryin' some Russian red cooc My livin' atm, wishin' my shit money grain I should have bought and office, I went and bought a ring Instead I ride dirty, said I shoulda bought the ring Instead of coconut juice it I mixed it with the lean aka, the rich one, carter yeah the benjamin If you ain't a bitch, why the fuck you ain't that femanin' When I twisted it up, she licked it up, the whole coconut Thats it, the whole coconut [Tyga - Chorus] Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up twist it all up, twist it all up [Tyga - Bridge] Everybody in the party Hold your cup high move your body If you twist it scream it loudly! hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey, hey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Drought Is Over Part Six: The Reincarnation Song: Best Thing Yet Typed by: johnsatchmo@yahoo.com Tell it to my nine bitch! *sample plays in background* "You're the best thing yet.." --> Anita Baker D-D-D-Diesel on the beat Shhhhhut up bitch... let Anita speak! I think on the remix of this song I'ma get uh, Common and Kanye Yeah... ok yeah Anything you can do I could do better I avoid (??) and I'm still a church setter Weezy just let em, just let em die I got all the answers so they call me when why What where who, you think you fly? I'm up there too - you fly, I flew I'm up there too You know they say two, is better than one, ton I'm, out there pimpin all the time So keep your two cents before I give your ass a dime Pistol on my waist gonna need a funeral and wait Cause I'ma put that motherfucker dead in your face R.I.P. I know my history Run DMC but my girl is only worry bout one DMC And I'm the shit like I-M-T-H-E-S-H-I-T, haha! I do this! ..when I want to Nah really I can't control it Even if I didn't wanna do it I would DO IT!! Hahahaha Yeah.. Ready to battle anyone I'ma go with God and a bag full of guns Yeah I'm an animal hear me growl You against me is like Man Vs. Wild Me against you is like man versus child Hehe and I am the man It's Young Moolah, applaud my team and we prefer red carpet if the floor's not clean It's Mister, it's the microphone fiend And they running with my words like I'm writing on jeans Yeah, and if the lights could all scream They'd sing my song, I like to be seen I deserve to be heard if anything else So I fear God and the world going deaf Can you hear me now? Heh Even the R&B vets tell me I'm the.. Scary! Don't stop the beat Diesel Cause I got the heat Diesel Like diesel, yeah.. Heh I put it down like it's too heavy But how can I with the world in my hands Heaven in my plans I swear I am important like the evidence I'm saying I'm just trying to make my alphabets as heavy as I can How do I live, whem I'm as deadly as I am? I get props and every other extra credit that I can Cause see, I respect the merit of a fan No homo but please blow me to Japan Okay I'm getting hotter I'ma need another fan I keep going so here I go again Always trying to be better than I am Label me the best and in the throne I will stand Why? Because I'm just a standup guy Your hands supporting me cause I got your hands high I'll probably be in the (??) Ja Rule when "I Cry" You only know me but God knows I try No x-ray show my insides and I gotta stay in touch with my pimp side So, tell your girl I said what's up.. I said hi.. She like that's what's up.. like the sky.. Byrd Gang taking off bitch watch em fly And paint the sky red like the Crimson Tide Flow retarded, Special Olympics kind That gold medal heavy but it fit just fine So, I just had to spit this rhyme Spit like I'm trying to tongue kiss this rhyme Some say greatness gets better with time So I bought a zillion watches but don't watch mine You little fucks are so i-ron-ical Nickel plus fo' is a nine millimeter No starch but I tote i-ron All out in the open like I'm in I-ran Young, champ-i-on, like a lamp I'm on But um, I could clap and then lights off Take no nights off but my days the same And people change but fuck it nothing stays the same And naw I ain't speaking so don't wave the blame Lock me up but you could never cave the blame Gasoline, can you invision if our gaze was flames No you can not stop my vibe, couple page a game Dang, a game? Yep, well gimme some baby flames And if this camera shoots me dead, Lord save my chains Lord save the rings, I am way too vain hehe Listen to that Kanye again I play the game like I made the games You playing like your trying to get traded mane And you ain't gotta call me the greatest mane But I am more of a dog than the greatest dane You boys acting like ladies mane Crying like you bout to have babies mane And you can find me grinding on the days we playin' And that's because I know the sun'll raise again And when it do I'ma praise the mane They say you crazy Wayne, but I just bake em mane And that's Ms. Baker saying, that I'm the... Hehe yeah  So, now I got..  I got the, I got the, I got the R&B vets saying I'm the.. Hahahaha... Lil told ya bitch! Young Moolah baby... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Drought Is Over Part 6 Song: Blinded Typed by: numeros_uno1@hotmail.com [Manfred Mann's Earth Band's "Blinded By The Light" Sample] (Lil Wayne) Blinded by the light (Yeah) Revved up like a deuce, another runner in the night (Yeah) Blinded by the light (Skull Gang) Blinded, (Young Money) Blinded Blinded by the light [Lil Wayne] You see my chain glow, follow that rainbow I could put bengals around your ashy ankles I hope you get the picutre, like Pinko's That I love you overall, like paint clothes Baby, Wayne knows what you like Now baby gon' shine, cause you bright And me plus you equals too bright Baby they gon' be [Manfred Mann's Earth Band's "Blinded By The Light" Sample] Blinded by the light Revved up like a deuce, another runner in the night Blinded by the light Blinded, Blinded Blinded by the light The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Swizz Beatz, Boo, Curren$y, Mack Maine Album: The Drought Is Over Part Six Song: First Place Winner Typed by: johnsatchmo@yahoo.com [Hook: Swizz Beatz] Am I the best? Yes Am I the best? Yes I'm a first place winner, first place winner I'm a first place winner, first place winner I ain't never been scared to get-get-get no get no money I ain't never been scared to g-g-get no get no money I ain't never been scared to get-get-get no get no money I ain't never been scared to get no money money money... [repeat] [Lil Wayne talking over Swizz] Hahaha, Young Money baby! Ay! Just because I just said Young Money I just made this song a whole lot better Doesn't money make everything better? Fuck it, yeah Young Money, Cash Money Young Money, Cash Money, Young Money, Cash.. Money.. Big money, beyotch!! hehe I know they tired of me Cause I'm sleeping on them I ain't never been scared of getting no money bitch! [Verse: Lil Wayne] What the fuck I look like? Fuck my verse nigga Swizz got the hook right Don't look left baby girl just look right And you gone see us in more red than Suge Knight Gangbanger yes, soo-woo gang And if you ain't wit it then you in the food chain I'm in that wide body I'ma need two lanes Blue seats white paint wetter than new rain It look like a white person, with blue veins I keep a black glock, red dot blue flame Feet hanging out the window jock my shoe game Cause all my kicks fly, like Liu Kang Hehe, old playa new game I'm focused, I'm thinking like I got two brains I'm in my prime I feel like a new Wayne How come there is two bitches but ain't no two Waynes? {*Wayne over Hook*}  Hehe I don't know what they do but I do thangs  This Mr. "Everytime You See Me Got A New Chain"  My flow crazy, I ain't too sane  But I am the shit and they just poop stains {*Wayne talking*}  Haha! Yeah!  Now all the ladies say, "ooh Wayne.. ooh Wayne"  Hehe alright YEAH! AY! [Hook: Swizz Beatz] - 2X [Verse: Boo] Yeah I grind hard (grind hard) but I shine harder (harder) My watch stupid (stupid) my chain retarded (-tarded) CLS-500, the kid Broadus B double O, still gettin in pimpin We might got the same car but my rims different Plus a sexy lil fine bitch come with it Young Money we the flyest crew (flyest crew) Rappers we can't see y'all, who are you? (who are you?) Spit it's your turn jack do what ya do (Currensy) Mack still spitting like he new and improved (Mack Maine) Weezy and the Pimp are just shittin on fools And you know me jack I got work to move (yeah) [Hook: Swizz Beatz] [Verse: Curren$y] Yeah Young Money in the house Motherfuck anybody else who in the house My niggas with me so you know it's guns in the house The cops'll grab a roll of yellow tape and run around your house Why y'all fuckin with Lil Spitta? I wasn't doing nothing just laid up chillin Playing Tony Hawk on the Xbox, burnin incense Rocking sweat pants and some Jordan number sixes My check cleared I'm officially a rich nigga So from this day I'ma smile in all my pictures Get the champagne from the top shelf The crib got wings like a jet, one east one west [Hook: Swizz Beatz] [Verse: Mack Maine] Bitch I'm Mack Maaaaaaine I'm psycho, like no, other motherfucker And I'm in this bitch hollerin Young Money motherfucker It's Mack Maine I make my money speak latin And I'm comfortable like my sheet satin The kush got me higher than an old hooker's skirt (skirt) And I never been to culinary school but cook work (cheah) I'm no sergeant homie so I never cuff a hoe And I hustle for my +Bills+ like I'm from Buffalo Ya figga deal - but on the really-real, pause the clock my flow timeless Say my name and lose your job like you're Don Imus (fuck you) I'm just a, real nigga, Mack Mizzle I'm off the hizzle, with two pistols now [Hook: Swizz Beatz] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Drought is Over Part 6 Song: I Feel Me Typed by: numeros_uno1@hotmail.com [Intro] Bitch, I feel me! Yeah, ahh! I got the game mad And I ain't talkin' 'bout homie in L.A. neither [Verse] I say, I got so much money, man I don't know what to do with it I was thinkin' 'bout gettin' some and lettin' you spend it Aye, I do it way bigger than you did it I'm sittin' on them Jordans, must be the shoes in it I get rude, ignorant, cruel, really cruel When it rains it storm, get in the pool, silly Who really, want it with us? Homeboy, you trippin' you gon' fall and bust yo' ass - I could rap fast but I like slower better Why? Cause bitch, I'm on the four or better Fly-y-y-y, with no feathers And if you don't know good, you gon' know better Yeah, I'm talkin' Young Money only Weezy a.k.a. I got enough money on me Yeah, and ya'll niggas phony I got some bullets with ya'll pictures on them Haha, ya'll don't really want me And I blast off on beat And she make you leave And you just do you, and she just do me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ The Game Album: The Drought Is Over Part 6 Song: Red Magic Typed by: numeros_uno1@hotmail.com [Chorus - Lil Wayne](The Game) Red Porsches, red portraits Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house) Red Porsches, red portraits Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house) Red Porsches, red portraits Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house) Don't you dare come near the fortress Don't you dare... Hah! [Verse 1 - The Game] Weezy baby, tell 'em we amazin' Better yet a army, the U.S. Navy Then tell Slim, I was raised on Cash Money They can't kick me out of shit, I ain't Dame Dash dummy I'm the ( ) pass a hundred in that red Ferrari Me and Weezy Blood brothers, we got red Ferrari's Red tops in the hood, red tops on Bacardi Red tops on top models at the after party Before S dot Carter was Brooklyn's step father I was getting G money like Nino at the Carter I was just a baby, like the face on the third Carter Even had a baby face, like Tracy Evan's baby father Nigga, so you know what I mean When I say I get the money like a money machine, yeah I'm in L.A. Gasol-in' But when I'm in New Orleans, you can call it Chris Paul-in' [Chorus - Lil Wayne](The Game) Red Porsches, red portraits Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house) Red Porsches, red portraits Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house) Red Porsches, red portraits Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house) Don't you dare come near the fortress Don't you dare... Hah! [Verse 2 - Lil Wayne] Okay, holla atcha blood It's Big Dog Weezy, in that big dog breezin' With the wig off, it ain't easy to go this hard But Weezy go this hard, like pussy right in front me I get pussy, I get money, I don't get none of ya'll niggas Like two, three, I'm after every one of ya'll niggas What am I saying? I'm ahead of all of ya'll niggas And mine gon' shine like Armour All hit us Hah! I wear that chopper like a uniform You bitch niggas never see me like a unicorn Who the boy make the girls go crazy I got that Red Magic, unbelievable, amazin' Hey, it's a beautiful day I'm feelin' like the father of a sunray (son Ray) Like Jamie, Foxx or box like Floyd May' If the "weather" right, I play the red box Porsche-ay C'mon [Chorus - Lil Wayne](The Game) Red Porsches, red portraits Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house) Red Porsches, red portraits Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house) Red Porsches, red portraits Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house) Don't you dare come near the fortress Don't you dare... Hah! [Verse 3 - The Game] (We in the house) like a home invasion And this time I'm gon' shine like the chrome on Dayton's You can wait on Detox or you can have more patience Baby sip that patrone as we get wasted Weezy-We sip lean, me, I just taste it We be soakin' up syrup like a waffle house apron Infa red beam go back to the basement I'm a "Street King", ask dude from "The Matrix" Yeah, Cash Money in the basement Me and Slim like the Hot Boys with a face lift Translation, it's Freddy versus Jason Who your favorite rapper, me and Weezy will erase them And if they gettin' money then, we will paper chase them With beams that "Glow In The Dark" like Kanye's stage shit Then we highjackin' Kanye's spaceship And land it on the Red Carpet at the VMA's bitch [Chorus - Lil Wayne](The Game) Red Porsches, red portraits Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house) Red Porsches, red portraits Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house) Red Porsches, red portraits Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house) If you dare come near the fortress Don't you dare... (Sample from 2Pac's "To Live and Die in LA") To live and die in LA, it's the place to be  You gotta be there to know it, where everybody wanna see To live and die in LA, it's the place to be  You gotta be there to know it, where everybody wanna see To live and die in LA To live and die in LA To live and die in LA To live and die in LA [Chorus - Lil Wayne](The Game) Red Porsches, red portraits Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house) Red Porsches, red portraits Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house) Red Porsches, red portraits Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house) If you dare come near the fortress Don't you dare come near the fortress The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Money Album: We Are Young Money Song: Gooder Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com [Verse 1: Jae Millz] Young Money, they go Sittin on the toilet, smokin on some medicated Countin' loose thousands, I'm living good, they agravated Two things on my mind, one is to keep stylin And the second is to get more of this shit that I'm counting Call me J20, I flow like a fountain And I swear I beat the beat up till that bitch start ouching Keep them bitches' asses bouncin', man we fly like a falcon Comparing them to us is like a pebble to a mountain Im a uptown flamethrower young money firestarter Had to sign on Wayne, I'm from the same place as "Tha Carter" Ha-Harlem And I aint like none of these other niggas I get it, I spend it, your husband on a budget, Mrs. Young Money cloud gang so above you niggas Besides these groupies after the shows, who's fuckin with us? you might as well have a badge, the way you cuff them bitches I slut them bitches, then back to the door, I fuck them bitches [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Times aint the same, shit been going bad But nigga we good, nigga we gooder than the motherfucka Than the motherfucka, this for my motherfuckas We run this motherfucka So fuck them niggas and fuck them hoes Money talks, we say hello and I'm so, I'm so I'm so Young Moolah baby [Verse 2: Gudda Gudda] Ok it's too much paper and not enough hands to count it Paper coming in money never going out where Its young money yeah I hear a lot of niggas doubting This here is god's work, ain't nothing you can do about it So nigga join the team or you can catch the sideline And just get out the game or get hit from the blind side We makin money while you niggas makin petty quotes You can make it rain, we make it flood like the levee broke It's all about the paper, money control my whereabouts About a year from now I'm tryin to break that new McLaren out Wheels of fortune on the whip, Vanna White in it Bitch shotgun, probably be your wife in it Hustle year round nothing come in front of that  Rap real estate and work, I can make a ton with that Pay me in advance so I'm not coming bitch Like Pain, Wayne and Mack Maine, I got money bitch [Verse 3: Mack Maine] Yeah, Young Money I'm the boss, you don't wanna come across Money do summersaults, bentley on young adults stuntin on them hoes, it ain't me, its the money folk Still make it rain, get struck by a money bolt What it is though, I know what it aint Yall go hard, I go to the bank Check my check stubs, bitch it's Mack Maine Young money up and runnin, join the campaign [Verse 4: Lil Wayne] Times ain't the same, shit been goin bad Bend a bitch over, pull some money out her ass I'm tired of the game, cuz it ain't what it was The chopper's so close, I can give that bitch a hug and a gangster need love, so I keep a gangster bitch I got that dope dick, there ain't a bitch I can't addict And I'm lookin at the game, I roll my eyes I looked at the clock and the hands were tied because The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Money Album: We Are Young Money Song: Everygirl in the World Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro]: The Business!!!!! [Verse One: Lil Wayne] Uh! I like a long haired big red bone Open up her legs then filet mignon THAT PUSSY!!! I'm a get it in and on THAT PUSSY!!! If she let me in I'm a own THAT PUSSY!!! 'Gon throw it back a buss it open like you 'posed to Girl I got that dope dick now come here let me dope you You 'gon be a dope fiend your friends should call you dopey Tell 'em keep my name out they mouth cause they don't know me Ha! But you can call me touche' I fuck the whole group maybe I'm a groupie My sex game is stupid my head game is the dumbest I promise, I should be hooked on phonics Yeah! But anyway I think your bionic And I don't think your beautiful I think your beyond it And I just wanna get behind it and watch you Back it up and dump it back-back it up and dump it [Chorus: Lil Wayne] (Drake) Cause we like her, and we like her too And we like her, and we like her too We like her, and we like her too And we like her, and she like us too And OHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! I wish I could fuck every girl in the world I wish I could fuck every girl in the world I wish I could fuck every girl in the world OHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!! (Yeah! Alright!) [Verse Two: Drake] She be jumpin up and down, tryna fit dat ass in  Took her half an hour just to get that belt to fasten  All they wanna talk about is partyin and fashion  Every single night I have a dream that I am smashin 'em ALLLLL..  Young Money man, this shit so timeless  And I'm in the mood to get faded, so please bring your finest  And what are all your names, again? We drunk, remind us  Are any y'all into girls like I am, les-bi-an/hooooonest  {*sings*} She wants me, she wants me 'Cause I got it all shorty, tell me what you don't see? {*raps* }I would fuck wit all y'all, all of y'all are beautiful I just can't pick one, so you can never say I'm choosy, hoooooooes And Wayne say, "Pussy, pussy, pussy" And weed and alcohol seems to satisfy us all Damn, and everytime I think of stayin wit her She bring that friend around and make a nigga reconsider [Chorus: Lil Wayne]  Cause we like her, and we like her too And we like her, and we like her too We like her, and we like her too And we like her, and she like us too And OHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! I wish I could fuck every girl in the world I wish I could fuck every girl in the world I wish I could fuck every girl in the world OHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!  [Verse Three: Jae Millz] Baby I'm not bein disrespectful baby I'm just bein Millz And I don't know how fake feels so I gotta keep it real I just wanna fuck, every girl in the world Every model every singer every actress every diva Every high saditty chick every college girl every skeezer Stripper and every Desperate Housewife that resemble Eva My role model is Wilt, so married woman to milf It don't matter who you is miss you can get the business HA!!!!!!!!!!!!!! [Verse Four: Gudda Gudda] These hoes is God's gift like Christ-mas  I like 'em caramel skin, long hair, thick ass  Uh, and I swear I'm feelin alla y'all  I'm scrollin down my call log and I'ma call alla y'all  My butter pecan Puerto Rican  She screamin out papi every time a nigga deep in  And I'm about to get my Bill Clinton on  And Hilary can Rodham/ride 'em too boy I gets my pimpin on  [Chorus: Lil Wayne] (Mack Maine) Cause we like her, and we like her too And we like her, and we like her too We like her, and we like her too And we like her, and she like her too And OHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! I wish I could fuck every girl in the world I wish I could fuck every girl in the world I wish I could fuck every girl in the world (And bitch I'm Mack Maaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnn-ne-eeee-ee-ee-eeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) [Verse Five: Mack Maine] Sanaa Lathan, Megan Good Angelina Jolie - heh, D. Woods For free suites, I'd give Paris Hilton all-nighters And in about three years, holla at me, Miley Cyrus I don't discriminate, no, not at all Kat-Kat a midget if that ass soft, I'll break her off I exchange V-cards with retards and get behind the +Christian+ like +Dior+., 'cause he are Mack Mizzle...baby... 'Cause HE ARRRRRRE, Mack Mizzle...babyyyyyy... [Outro: Lil Wayne] And I wish I could fiuck every girl in the world I wish I could fuck every girl in the world I wish I could fuck every girl in the world I wish I could fuck every girl in the world I wish I could fuck every girl in the world Young Mula baby!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Money Album: We Are Young Money Song: Ms. Parker Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com {Wayne} Cut the music up in the headphones please as I give you..(tha bizness) Cut the music up please. In the headphones please..please. hey! Ms. Parker? Ms. Parker? When you gone let a nigga fuck? Ms. Parker? Ms. Parker? ahhhhhh tom bout {hey} Ms. Parker? Ms. Parker? When you gone let a nigga fuck? Ms. Parker? Ms. Parker? Ms. Parker? Ms. Parker? When you gone let a nigga fuck? Ms. Parker? Ms. Parker? Get em! When you gone let a nigga fuck? Ms parkerrr? uh hum lil shawty want me how do I know? cuz she told me so lil shawty on E.somebody let her know that I gotta few more lil shawty wanna leave, baby we can go where ever you wanna gooo if I'm takin too long, give me that look I tell my niggas I'm gone damn you all dat, I'm talkin bout when she text me I call back I go to her apartment and fall back She attacks my heart, heart attack cardiac carter that nigga that she throwin it at And I caught dat I bought dat yea I'll pay for it I'll break down walls make her weigh for it I'll wait for it I'll wait for it tick tick tock tick tick tock.. tick tick tock.. I'll wait.. hey! Ms. Parker? Ms. Parker! When you gone let me fuck? Ms. Parker.. Ms. Parker? Ms. Parker? When you gone let me fuck? Ms. Parker? Ms. Parker?! {Mack Maine} Bitch I'm mack maine!!! Damn! look at Ms. Parker, on the side of the road takin off her parka bendin over under the hood her car wudnt start up hold up Ms. Parker nigga bout to park uhn I parked my whip and proceeded to her car I know I'm on beam she done broke I'm bout to park She got that big o thing pokin out so far dat my mom cudnt be mad if she finally let my pa fuck She saw a nigga and was like hey mack maine I saw you on the video wit lil wayne and t pain in the back of the hummer truck like switchin for lanes hollin out woosh boy like money ain't a thang I gave her a jump and we went to the spot She was gettin all hot special treatment for the car had her screamin out pump harder and harder call chris tucker I done fucked Ms. Parker. Hey Ms. Parker? Ms. Parker? When you gone let a nigga fuck? Ms. Parker? Ms. Parker? I'm talkin bout Ms. Parker? Ms. Parker? When you gone let a nigga fuck? Ms. Parker? Ms. Parker? {Gudda Gudda} Hey! Ms parker (Parker) She throwed that ass back and den she park it (park it) She handcuff a nigga like a sergeant (sergeant) hit her wit da dick and now she stalkin (stalkin) yea so I hit her wit the ruler frost bit gudda got ice like a cooler I don't give a fuck bitch ya man is a .. the two of us pass in the whip and chuck da duce up gotta loose but tight waist flat stomache nice titties cute feet nice face yea she say she from the tri state dat don't really matter I can fly ya out to my state I can take you to the right place top floor penthouse balcony my place make a nigga throw sum dollas out then I holla out Ms. Parker! Hey Ms. Parker? Ms. Parker? When you gone let a nigga fuck? Ms. Parker? Ms. talkin bout Hey Ms. Parker? Ms. Parker? When you gone let a nigga fuck? Ms. Parker? Ms. Parker? Ms. Parker? Ms. Parker? When you gone let a nigga fuck? ms park- Ms. Parker'? I said girl you gotta ass on you.. I said Ms. Parker you gotta ass on you.. I said when you gone let me fuck? I said when you gone let me fuck? When you gone let me fuck? I said when you gone let me fuck? I said when you gone let me fuck? I said when you gone let me fuck? somebody call chris tucker up call chris tucker up And tell him that I fucked Ms. Parker Wayne lookin all fine and shit! like a ninja gone passin you up speakin fuck dat I'm like hey Ms. Parker when you gone let a nigga fuck? Ms. Parker! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Money Album: We Are Young Money Song: Wife Beater Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com ohh girl you nasty x 7 She just wanna do it all day she don't even take a breather She just wanna walk around my place in my wife beater She just wanna do it all day she don't even take a breather She just wanna walk around my place in my wife beater [Jae Millz] She's a nymphomaniac, brainiac literally the smartest and the taken fact She like girls so "Every Girl" is her theme song She jump up on that dick and get her trampoline on I'm tryna tell her how sexy she look wit cream on and all she wanna know is why I still got my jeans on bounce till the springs gone ride ya till you can't continue head board of the bead banging like a gang member and when I gotta headache I don't do the normal nursin When my skull hurtin yea she my skull surgeon She don't care if she get her hair or her neck pulled She can go all night her heart pump red bull She just wanna do it all day she don't even take a breather She just wanna walk around my place in my wife beater She just wanna do it all day she don't even take a breather She just wanna walk around my place in my wife beater [Tyga] Wild wild west though Don't them girl white really give that best dome Go-go head, suck me dead leave that coffin wet, rub this lubra on your chest playing with your titti pierced, feeling like a kid again let the mammal in, I'm gettin like camal skin into her lions den tiger dog in this bitch RUFF RUFF like clifford no comic shit She opens it but bite them lips like parana's here put your face way down you's a gold digga same flippa no city but that ass bigga Young Money Nigga we don't know none of these nigga's his girlfriend the only thing I rememeber c-cause [Verse] She got stamina, she got indurance She drives my dick crazy, I need insurance She got stretch marks, cause she got children them bitches like soulja boy they be round the house YOUUUUing we never fuck in a bed that smell like urine I'm getting my dick suck, "what are you doiiinng??" She's a nympho she done fucked my (?) She'll fuck you 14 weeks straight copy that? 10-4 She fuck like a porn star, be bouncin like a bad chick head going up and down like hydrolics in her neck t-shirts with no panites on, she throw it back with no breaks and I'm not talking domestic violence but she'll take your wife beater [Weezy] I don't know what to tell you c-cant answer the phone I'm going to have to e-mail you (hell yeah) come the she up in my spot I just beat it around the clock wife beater and some sucks Girl you nasty The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Money Album: We Are Young Money Song: New Shit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Gudda] Uhhh... flow gifted like the honor roll At crunch time I deliver like Dominos A different freak for every day I got all kind of hoes I slide 'em dick and get the fuck, I never mind them hoes But never mind them hoes, I got all kind of flows I switch 'em up so quick as fuck I gotta timeless flow Young animal, punishin the ProTools Eatin this beat up like soul food, you niggaz old news [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Now ain't you tired of sayin the same shit everyday? I mean the same shit - Ashley and Mary Kate Sometimes I wish that I was blind like Mr. Ray How come you talkin out your ass but ain't got shit to say? I spend my money like my time, I ain't got it to waste Man I'm so fast feel like I'm racin in a different race Too much champagne now watch me spit it in them bitches face Tomorrow mornin I could tell you how them bitches taste [Jae Millz] This rap shit is our house, you niggaz just visitin Young Money wolverines, bitch {no Michigan} I get in them hoeses and reel 'em in like fishermen And throw they ass in the truck and we rolls like Michelins All hail the kings, crowns glistenin I stunt hard as a fuck cause I ain't gettin a chance to live again Focus is what you better get, boy we on that better shit All bosses, no executives, you just repetitive [Mack Maine] ... bitch-bitch we ballin Tired of the same shit, I need a different toilet Okay let me pick my target, pick 'em off now come pick 'em up Big dog I don't bark I buck, tell them bitches I don't talk I fuck Tell them niggaz I don't walk I run this shit I come to punish shit And-and I bet they won't be flushin this Young Money shit We on some other shit, they on the same shit Bitch I'm Mack Maine, I'm-I'm Mack Maine bitch! [Chorus] - first 1/2 [Lil Wayne] Young too motherfucker no anime Dr. Carter motherfucker come to amputate Cash Money too much money to calculate Young Money that new shit, on your face [Chorus] - secodn 1/2 [Lil Wayne] Gimme the beat and I'ma beat the beat like Anna Mae What the fuck you thought? You know I keep the heat like St. Tropez Ca-Cash Money, too much money to calculate Young Money that new shit, on your face The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Money Album: We Are Young Money Song: Pass the Dutch Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com {Wayne} Too many women and not enough time I'ma kool kat but I'm on life nine pimpin ain't dead cuz I be the life line And I don't buy the bar cuz it don't sell white wine goone let that light shine ballin for a life time smokin on that nice pine weezy baby life fine you can call him ya husband call me at night time and even thoe women change I will always like dimes And yea I'm quite fine but shawty much finer And I jus get behind her den smack it like a honda And please don't hate on me when you see me with kiana cuz she wilder than Nirvana and colder than your honor Holla at yo boy maana Maybach come wit a recliner run up on me and shit will get uglier than an iguana this is only a reminder, its young money don't forget it And I'm Weezy F baby you might find it on her titty would ya {Short Dog} pass me the dutchy wit ya left hand I got the whole club noddin like the yes man I'm in my polo tee, cooji sweat pants She on that jubilee I'll be the ex-man pass me the dutchy wit ya left hand I got the whole club noddin like the yes man I'm in my polo tee, cooji sweat pants She on that jubilee I'll be that ex-man Chillin wit my posse bout to call sum ladies over tell em dis is why your me so when you come you can leap over you would think she came wit buttons by the way that I control her put her on a tab now she rollin like a baby stroller I'm the freshest and the scene reppin in my jeans shoot ya lights out I be ready wit the beam lifes a game of chess and I'm headin fa ya queen not my stomache and my thighs but her head is in between She wetter than a stream I drink medicine to lean keep a cup in my head like I'm beggin for sum cheese I fall off in the party yea I'm kinda tardy but if a hater trip we ride on him like a harley look you call it gettin married I call it actin selfish my belt got g's on it like a packers helmet And I'ma hit if you bring ya girl around but the weed its like a collar cuz I might jus turn it down if ya pass me the dutchy wit ya left hand I got the whole club noddin like the yes man I'm in my polo tee, cooji sweat pants She on that jubilee I'll be the ex-man pass me the dutchy wit ya left hand I got the whole club noddin like the yes man I'm in my polo tee, cooji sweat pants She on that jubilee I'll be that ex-man {Gudda} Tool on deck I'm new born fresh I knock ya friends down and you goin next young money fly nigga all the bitches after me murdered in the bed and you gone be my next casualty automatic stick but I give it to her manually I'm givin dick out year round and you can get it anualy styrophoam filled wit a strawberry fanta treat leanin I'ma need a kick stand to stay on my feet get out my business like I kicked ya out my office I ain't worried bout the price I'm mo concerned with the offer fresh to death like I got dressed in a cauffin wit a party and my pocket blue and red dolphins I'm high as a muddafucka lemme do my thang bitch I'm doin me and yo girl doin the same shit I'm in the car gettin head as our lanes switch Double G I do my thang bitch now you cud pass me the dutchy wit ya left hand I got the whole club noddin like the yes man I'm in my polo tee, cooji sweat pants She on that jubilee I'll be the ex-man pass me the dutchy wit ya left hand I got the whole club noddin like the yes man I'm in my polo tee, cooji sweat pants She on that jubilee I'll be that ex-man {Drake} I told you catch up did you make a mill yet I can't predict how many of em I can still get october gone its such a fuckin real set no tats but the ink on my money still wet life is such a beach its sandy all around me I came here wit young money man dats family all around me I'm in my living room and I got grammys all around me And famous bitches doin nose candy all around me welcome to the life the life is meant for me my bentley has a tint and so you got to squint to see I hollered at ya girl das when she went wit me but please don't blame ya self cuz it just wasnt meant to be dey say I'm one of the illest ask ya self for first impressions And my cards always accepted I don't deal well with rejection I look in the dictionary and don't see the word recession I don't smoke in public but tonight I'll make an exception so jus pass me the dutchy wit ya left hand I got the whole club noddin like the yes man I'm in my polo tee, cooji sweat pants She on that jubilee I'll be the ex-man pass me the dutchy wit ya left hand I got the whole club noddin like the yes man I'm in my polo tee, cooji sweat pants She on that jubilee I'll be that ex-man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Money (Shanell & Lil' Wayne) Album: We Are Young Money Song: Play in My Band Typed by: rapforever86@o2.pl [1st Verse - Shanell] Baby Can I come over and play? Probally you the type to fuck and never call again They say I'm crazy  Cause I gotta get a taste Then I kiss a gun and love over run it  And you're gonna love it Let it loose now (Chorus x2) You Can Play In My Band I Can Teach You Guitar Here's Ya Backstage Pass Let Me Make You A Star Let It Loose Now x4 [2nd Verse - Lil' Wayne] Guitar Hero  Tuck ya' bitch in before ya bitch get devoured Is that ya' girlfriend? Because I seen her at three shows And she say I'm a blessing Call me the cathedral Weezy F Baby, Lyrical key low I think she try'na OD low I throw my guitar off the stage into the mosh pit bitch How 'bout I fuck a bitch in a mosh pit bitch like Fucking right I'm tight, I'm a not slit bitch And me and my band gone rock this bitch I'm a fuck her face off! Fuck her waist off! The martian, she hops on my rocket and take off 5 4 3 2, mic check EQ She is the groupie and we are the crew And this is my solo, so take my photo My #1 fan  "Mrs. I'm with the band" Yeah! (Chorus x2) [3rd Verse - Shanell] Oooh... Can you make me sound like the strings you playing Oooh Autograph your name in the sheets we lay in Oooh Boy tonight your show is starring me So meet me in the back, let's act up Let it loose  Come on, let's sex up! (Chorus x2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Money f/ Birdman Album: We Are Young Money Song: Fuck Da Bullshit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Birdman] Yeah - cut it up, gimme a light Yeah, and by the way nigga It's Young Moolah, first lady [Nicki Minaj] Ungh, yo, yo Let us begin with the bad little specimen Balenciagas only things I be steppin in Pucci bathing suits, only thing I'm dressin in Cause I get wetter than a navy seal veteran Got-got 'em writin love letters in they journal Keep em on these toes like a midget at the urinal B-b-b-bad as I wanna be She ain't bad, she a sad little wannabe [Birdman] Yeah fuck the bullshit, it's big money poppin Young Moolah! Yeah, just like that What up young nigga, let's go Gudda [Gudda Gudda] Okay we runnin this shit, when we walk in the buildin Got bitches from wall to wall, hoes hangin from the ceilin Young Money we 'bout to kill 'em, I promise I'll make a million And if they didn't have no hands I'll bet them bitches go feel 'em I'm talkin money and power; you gettin money? I doubt it Fresher than baby powder, wit'cha bitch in the shower That pussy I'ma devour I beat it up 'til it's sour No need for you to even trip bitch I'll be done in a hour, let's go [Lil Wayne] Heyeah, that's more like it - Junior! They say the blacker the berry, the redder the cherry I say the sweeter it is, ya dig? Bury Then the bullshit varies, and it got me weary But I know two of the same, call it murdered and married Hustlin is so necessary, with no adversaries But ain't no love, like a calendar with no Februarys I'ma need four secretary, and four bloody mary's I'ma go eat me some pussy, and choke off the cherry I'm gone [Birdman] Yeah, fully loaded with it To the ceilin with it Mo' money than you ever seen nigga Aight, Drizzy, Drake [Drake] Look, kill the game no one recovers the murder weapon Young angel if you hate me tell me burn in heaven How'd ya sleep on me? The highest earnin freshmen Like your third infection, I hope you learned your lesson Yeah, I spit raw but I prefer protection I own her heart and her mind, and the shirt she slept in Bitch I got the answer, and still ain't heard the question I shut ya club down, please reserve my section Fuck a confrontation, there ain't no cake in it And I'm cakin bitch so tell me why I take a break from it The mother of yo' child always tell you I'm her favorite She call me her baby, not the one she was in labor with She say "ooh you taste good," I say "ooh just savor it" She know that she love a nigga I be on that major shit Cause I get paid to stand, and I get paid to sit So I don't walk around with money baby girl I'm made of it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Money f/ Lloyd Album: We Are Young Money Song: Bedrock Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Lloyd - Intro] I-I-I, I can make yo' bed rock (YOUNG MONEY~!) I-I-I, I can make yo' bed rock, girl {Kane is in the buliding, nigga!} I-I-I, I can make yo' bed rooooock I-I-I, I can make yo' {BED ROCK} [Lil Wayne] Uh, she got that good good, she Michael Jackson +Bad+ I'm attracted to her, wit her attractive ass And now we murders, because we kill time I knock her lights out, and she still shine I hate to see her go, but I love to watch her leave but I keep her runnin back and fort' - soccer team cold as a winter's day, hot as a summer's eve Young Money thieves, steal your love and leave [Gudda Gudda] I like the way you walkin if you walkin my way I'm that Red Bull, now let's +fly+ away Let's buy a place, wit all kind of space I'll let you be the judge, and-and-and I'm the case I'm Gudda Gudda, I put 'er under I see me wit her - no Stevie Wonder She don't ever wonder, 'cause she know she bad And I got 'er, nigga - grocery bag [Chorus: Lloyd] Ooh, baby  I be stuck to you like glue, baby Wanna spend it all on you, baby My room is the G-spot Call me Mr. Flintstone, I can make yo' bed rock  Ooooo-ooo-OOOO-ooh - I-I-I, I can make yo' bed rock (ey, ey, ey, ey) Oooo-ooo-oooo-oooh - I-I-I, I can make yo' bed rock, girl (ey, ey, ey, ey) Ooooo-ooo-OOOO-ooh - I-I-I, I can make yo' bed rooooock (ey, ey, ey, ey) Oooo-ooo-oooo-oooh - I-I-I, I can make yo' {BED ROCK} (ey, ey, ey, ey) (EYYYYY!) [Nicki Minaj] okay, I get it, let me think, I guess it's my turn Maybe it's time to put this pussy on your sideburns He say I'm bad, he prol'ly right He pressin me like button-downs on a Friday night, heh-heh-heh I'm so pretty like, be on my pedal bike He on my low scrunch! He on my Ecko whites He say, "Nicki don't stop, you da bestest" And I'd just be comin off the top as, bestest [Drake] I love your sushi roll, hotter then wasabi I race for your love, +Shake'n Bake+ Ricky Bobby I'm at the W, but I can meet you in the lobby Girl, I gotta watch my back. 'cause I'm not just anybody I seen 'em stand in line, just to get beside her I let her see the Aston, and let the rest suprise her That's when we disappear, you need GPS to find her Oh, that was YO' girl? I thought I recognized her... [Tyga] She like tannin, I like stayin in she like romance and, I like rollin wit friends She said I'm caged in, I think her conscience is She's watchin dat Oxygen, I'm watchin ESPN But when that show ends, she all o'er my skin, lotion  Slo-mo motions, rollercoastin like back, forth, hold it {*echoes*} She poses like it's for posters, and I poke like I'm suppose to Take this photo if you fo' me, she said, "Don't you ever show this!" I'm too loyal {*echoes*}, and too focused {*echoes*} to be losin {*echoes*}, and be hopeless {*echoes*} when I spoke this, she rejoiced it, said, "Your words get me open" So I closed it, where your clothes is I'm only lovin for the moment [Jae Millz] Uh, she ain't got a man, but she's not alone +Miss Independent+, yeah "she got her own" Hey gorgeous, um, I mean flawless Well, that's whatcha are, how I see it is how I call it Yeah, look-look at how she walk, mmm-hmm she know she bad Do-do ya thang baby, I ain't even mad and I ain't even fast, I'ma stay awhile +Hold Ya Head+ Chris, I-I'ma {TAKE IT DOWN} [Lil Wayne - Outro over chorus] YOUNG MONEY BABY~! YEAH! ROCK! Gudda Gudda, T-Streets Mack Maine, Jae Millz Tyga Tyyyga, Drizzy Drake Nicki Minaj, hey Shanell Lil Twist, Lil Chuckee and Young Lloyd.. EYYYY~! WE YOUNG MONEY!  WE GOT IT! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Money Album: We Are Young Money Song: Girl I Got You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Chuckee] Nothin make a man feel better than his lady (cause girl I got you) [Chorus: Lil Chuckee] I know I'm always gone and I'm hardly never home Don't worry about nothin (baby girl, I got you) When I touch back down I'ma buy you everything You ain't gotta want for nothin (cause girl, I got you) Ha, don't worry what your friends say cause they be hatin anyway They mad when I tell ya (baby girl, I got you) Ha! It's just me and you against the world baby girl I know you got my back (cause girl, I got you) [Lil Twist] As I was walkin by I seen you standin there with a smile Lookin shy, caught my eye, thought you wanna hang a while I-15 on the beat and I ain't cruisin highways So baby let's get away, save the troubles for another day Ha! Jammin "Escapade" in the lot With Escalade on the back, your homie's whack, I promise that It ain't trickin if you got it might as well spend a stack I hit the mall and ball down call me young Steven Jackson And I'm the one and I won with no games played Never have to work in our life, babe we got it made Every day's a vacat', in Miami like Dade And we ain't ever clean up baby cause I got maids Ha! Young money we so paid And if you ever get hurt, baby I'm ya Band-Aid Ha! While I'm lookin at you Never worry about nuthin cause girl, I got you [Lil Chuckee] Shorty I'm here any time that you need me F'sheezy, I'm here to make your life... easy They say to every good dude there's a good lady And I have mine already ain't no need to keep lookin Ha! And when I'm on the road, you go to my house And walk my bulldog, and help my moms out And play with my sister, you know I love that That's why whatever you want, I'ma cop that I'm your Rashad, you my NewNew I'm ya Will Smith, you my Jada Pooh And when I'm in the studio you come chill wit me Play around with my hair, you keep me motivated If we had a team, I'd be Reggie Bush You'd be Kim Kardashian, your body so amazin And when I'm not wit'cha, I'm on my iPod Bumpin "Forever My Lady," I love ya girl~! [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Money f/ Gucci Mane Album: We Are Young Money Song: Steady Mobbin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Man fuck these niggaz I'm-I'ma spare everything but these niggaz I flip the gun and gun BUTT these niggaz Take the knife off this AK and CUT these niggaz YAH! And fuck these bitches I swear I care 'bout everything but these bitches I-I don't care, I "so what" these bitches And I put Young Moolah baby way above these bitches Huh, if it ain't broke, don't break it And-and-and if he ain't shook I'm gonna shake him Hope I don't look weak, cause when a wolf cry wolf You still see that wolf's teeth motherfuckerrrrr Heh, futuristic handgun If you act foul you get two shots, and one Ha ha ha! I'm at your face like Lancme You niggaz softer then Roseanne's son Hey, you-you-you cannot reach me on my Samsung I'm busy fuckin the world and givin the universe my damn tongue Heh, crazy motherfucker, I am one But-but the crazy thing is, I began one! Heh-eh!! All-all white bricks I'm straight like it's jumpin' back to 36 nig-GUH! Big house, long hallways Got ten bathrooms, I can shit all day nigga [Chorus: Lil Wayne] And we don't want no problems Okay you're a goon, what's a goon to a goblin? Yeahhhh, Big Kane on the beat I fuck around and leave a nigga brains on the streets - oooh Now pop that pussy I bring her to my bedroom and pop that pussy Uh-huh, and we be steady mobbin Whoa Kimosabe, big ballin is my hobby [Gucci Mane] What the fuck is up? It's Gucci Mane the G Ask Titty Boi, no pity boy, Big Scar City the city boy So Icy so no Nike boy, just Gucci Louis Prada 'scuse me Gucci Mane keep shittin on me, why that boy keep buyin jewelry? East Atlanta cockin hammers, bandanas on car antennas No we do not talk to strangers, just cut off these niggaz fangaz Gucci's armed and dangerous, cocaine codeine and angel dust This AK 47'll hit'chu everywhere from ankle up Clit same size as Nia Long, clip long as a Pringles can Fo'-five desert eagle on me, you'll think I'm a Eagles fan Toni Braxton sniper rifle make you never breathe again Fuck that nigga, kill that nigga, bring him back, kill him again Gucci!! [Lil Wayne] Yeah, the-the-the money is the motive Fuck with the money it get ugly as coyote Okay I'm reloadin, better pull it if you tote it I buy a pound, break it down, and put it in a stogie Swagger so bright I don't even need light I'm with a model broad, she don't even eat rice But, would you believe that she dykes? And she asked for a pitcher so I gave her three strikes Yeah, I'm-I'm the man around this motherfucker I'm so hot you probably catch a tan around this motherfucker This rap game, I got my hand around this motherfucker Yeah I said game, but I ain't playin around this motherfucker! YEAH!! I'm the best to ever do it bitch Heh, and you the best at never doin shit If you the shit then I'm sewer rich Try-try me and I'll have your people readin eulogies Ha ha ha, I swear you can't fuck with me But I can fuck your girl and make her nut for me then slut for me Then kill for me then steal for me and of course it'll be yo' cash Then I'll murder that bitch and send her body back to yo' ass [Lil Wayne] Uhhhh! Man-man suck my clip Swallow my bullets, and don't you spit ughhhhh I am the hip-hop socialist Life is a gamble and I'm all about my poker chips Do you want a dose of this? I will make the most of this F is for fero-cious, murder your associates The top is so appropriate, this is just where I belong Keep a hard dick for yo' girlfriend to wobble on Weezy! [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Money Album: We Are Young Money Song: Roger That Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj - doesn't SOUND like her though] I'm in the collard green 6, cornbread in the guts Got the Halloween kicks, trick or treatin the clutch C'mon nigga, is you trickin or what? Flow, fl-flow tighter than a dick in the butt Just hopped off the plane, came back from Vancouv' Little white T, some boobs, and bamboo White girls tell me "Hey Nicky, your camp rules Is that why you get more head than shampoos?" Asalaam alaikum, no oink for me And I never let a d-boy boink for free Cause it's Barbie bitch, you can join the wave I've been penny nickel dimed, I done coined the phrase, ha! You couldn't beat me there if you had a Leer Indian-style, courtside with a cavalier V.I.P. roses, you can have a beer Cause honey when you gettin money you don't have a care Now r-roger that, r-r-roger that R-roger that, r-r-r-roger that R-roger that, r-r-roger that R-R-R-R-R, ROGER [Tyga] Young black Ricos, kill for the C-notes But me though, I Jackson bitch uhh, Tito She wanna play games but, this is not bingo Monopoly I'm past go, go on ahead and deep-throat Fo' chick fo'somes, skin color's mocha Sally and Sonia put the pussies on my totem pole, what stroke 'em uhh, strike ya like bowlin Now open like you yawnin, at 6 in the mornin Slee-sleepin on me probably in a coffin I'm hotter than the end of fuckin' August, I'm awesome I'm awesome; repeat it to ya grandma, and uncles or mothers, Tyga's no dad but I'm the muh'fucker Muh'fuckers, this the last supper Look, no hands, I'ma bread cuffer I don't dare lover, I'ma dare devil I don't fear nuttin, muh'fucker, Young Money! Now roger that, Roger that Ro-Roger that, Roger that Fuck around and never get Roger back Ha ha ha.. [Lil Wayne] I'm goin' in! Fresh off the jet, sharper than Gillette The blunt still wet, so pass it like Brett We sip side of mug, we call it upset Smoke more than fo' quarters, we call it sudden debt I'm a beast.. you a pet AK long neck.. Keith Sweat, haha! Weezy motherfucker, Capo in this bitch with me Money talks and have a convo in this bitch with me I'm mountain high Colorado and this bitch with me Flow crazy 7:30, you just 6:50 Twenty bullets from the chopper take the roof off Laughin to the bank, I'm a goofball Hahaha! It's YM And we at your neck, like a violin It's our world, we make it spin And y'all the prey.. amen! [Outro] Now roger that, Roger that Where Roger at? I heard Rog' a rat Fuc-fuck around and never get Roger back!! HAHAHAHA.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Money f/ Pleasure P Album: We Are Young Money Song: She Is Gone Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com {Weirdo} Hate is in the building.. Farewell Farewell Farewell Farewell Farewell Farewell {Wayne} Where my ol lady at? Where my o- Where- (she's gone, she's gone) Where-Where my ol lady at? Where my o- Where- (she's gone, she's gone) Where my ol lady I'ma kill that bitch Where-Where my ol lady I'ma kill that bitch Mane fuck that hoe well I'ma kill that bitch WHEN I SEE DAT BITCH IMA KILL DAT BITCH {T Streets} Mane I ain't neva need no bitch tell her take everything don't leave yo shit den I sent her by her momma told her I'll holla time to get it poppin now I'm single like a dolla I'm killin deez hoes da swag is a murder weapon I'm wanted fuck around and get arrested I'm martin tell a bitch get to steppin good mornin brand new bitch fa breakfast t streets what they call me I neva met desperate don't know lonely Go on 'bout ya business let them other hoes want me Where my ol lady at? Where my o- Where- (she's gone, she's gone) Where-Where my ol lady at? Where my o- Where- (she's gone, she's gone) Where my ol lady I'ma kill that bitch Where-Where my ol lady I'ma kill that bitch Mane fuck that hoe well I'ma kill that bitch WHEN I SEE DAT BITCH IMA KILL DAT BITCH (BITCH) {Jae Millz} My old bitch gone, my new bitch wit me And she in the club lookin for a new bitch wit me And truthly tonight I might have ya bitch wit me She ain't gone dive in that benz but she gone dip wit me ol girl must thought millz was the next man who knows where she at she prolly wit her ex man no second guessin wats the next plan new season back to the green like a jets fan I'm bout money and that attracts divas you put a ring on her must a thought she was a keeper but now that girl gone like a fast balla cheetah Farewell Farewell Farewell Where my ol lady at? Where my o- Where- (she's gone, she's gone) Where-Where my ol lady at? Where my o- Where- (she's gone, she's gone) Where my ol lady I'ma kill that bitch Where-Where my ol lady I'ma kill that bitch Mane fuck that hoe well I'ma kill that bitch WHEN I SEE DAT BITCH IMA KILL DAT (who you is?) {Gudda} East side gudda, add a nudda gudda my bitch was actin up so I had to get anotha pockets on full chips stack like pringles cancel that bitch buy anotha like nino I lost one got ten moe callin man women like flees can't shake them bitches off me I have a new one ever mornin wit my coffee I'm on that sip and she love it when I'm off speed so you not wanted like an offing you nothing to me jus anotha dog bitch barking no need to come back bitch you can keep walkinG Farewell Farewell Farewell Where my ol lady at? Where my o- Where- (she's gone, she's gone) Where-Where my ol lady at? Where my o- Where- (she's gone, she's gone) Where my ol lady I'ma kill that bitch Where-Where my ol lady I'ma kill that bitch Mane fuck that hoe well I'ma kill that bitch WHEN I SEE DAT BITCH IMA KILL DAT BITCH Where my ol lady I'ma kill that bitch Where-Where my ol lady I'ma kill that bitch Mane fuck that hoe well I'ma kill that bitch Farewell Farewell Farewell.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Money f/ Nikki Minaj Album: We Are Young Money Song: Streets Is Watchin' Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com [Intro: Lil Wayne] Yeah, uh huh David Banner on the beat bitch Hahaha Young Money, Streets [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] I'm a east sider rider, whoa kemosabe Bitches get to stepping like Cole, Gina, Tommy Pussy is a weapon and my hoes think I'm Simon And simon say go and get my motherfucking money Young Moolah bitch, tell them hoes, take their clothes off And I don't hunt birds but I'll shoot you in your mohawk Yeah, flow nasty like coleslaw Call me mister no flaw [Verse 2: Gudda Gudda] Yeah, I sip drank and pop pills til I dose off Wake up, grab the mic then I go's off Too G for office, boss of all bosses Crucify rappers, nail niggas to the crosses I'm fresh out the slaughterhouse, blood on my apron We Louisanimals, watch me let the gators in I'm going on my paper run, a week at the Days Inn Icing on my fingertips, I be getting cake in [Chorus: T-Streets] I be getting cake then Watching for the rats and trying not to get snakebit It's that punting at your face shit And if you scared, you better go and see Mase bitch David Banner on the beat hoe And I beat the beat up like Dee Bo I got the game on TiVo So I guess you can say The Streets Is Watchin' [Verse 3: Jae Millz] I don't promise much but I promise you that it'll flow boy Name Jake but you can call me Pillsbury Doughboy Silence on the nine but the chopper make mo' noise But if the bitch scream, I'ma pop her, no noise Bank account top solid, Truck nice and brolic The rims sticking out like the shoulders on Dwight Howard You niggas ain't G's you gents and quite coward But I'll put you higher than flight pilots [Verse 4: Gudda Gudda] I am petrifying, The metal turn to lightning Burn through your clothes like an ion I am no american idol, no Simon Cowell Wack niggas throw in the towel I'm getting money with the rap, pay me by the vowel I'm hungry like a pack of wolves so I just howl Holla, Cash rules everything around me So I'ma get the money, dolla dolla bills in them hundreds [Verse 5: Nicki Minaj] Ugh, yo, yo yo, I'm a bad what? bout to get a maniped I'm the big bad wolf and your granny dead Eventhough I'm in mexico I rep New York like Plexico Look, switch my name, now I'm celebrating Hannukah Lewinski bitches, young money Monica I been hot since hedgehog, Sonic the So could you pass me the keys to the Tonica I mean Tonka, That's the truck bitches Fuck you and fuck all of you fuck bitches Matter of fact, put some sprinkles on my cupcakes And get ready to put your dimples in this duct tape The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Money Album: We Are Young Money Song: Finale Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Gudda Gudda] They call me Young Gudda I'm all about the doe still And anybody in my way, Roadkill Evrything my hands touch turn to gold Money, Knots and Jewels with no records sold, (Yeah) I'm Manhandling rappers with no effort So imagine what'll happen when I start applying pressure Guillotine flow who ready to get severed nigga In or out the booth you could get leveled nigga [Jae Millz] Yo, We are Young Money Nigga you can't chocha It's bout to get real ugly, Amarosa YM vultures, there ain't a family doper We done changed the way the game look, Sammy Sosa (Ha Ha) This is life this ain't a job, Audemare and Shapor Just symbolize I go hard Navy on Navy Camero I did all for the yankees Did it all for New York and this love no need to thank me [Tyga] Uhh, fast money I don't slow dance Young Money motherfucka till the world end Money over weight, bitch, Rosanne I don't listen to these kids, Grown man Skinny nigga dubbed up, low hand Lindsey the white benz, same colour mike skin Make ya soul spin when the ping loading Au revoir, goodbye, now applaud [Lil Chuckee] Young Money lil G Battle juice in my blood Jumpin at the boy Man, you better have ya bungee cord Since Wayne took me off the leash I ain't lose a fight yet Now come drag ya dog out the ring how he love that Yung wid a attitude, watch how ya talk to me Keep playin freddy boi, I'll leak on ya elm street Trouble is what you want dog, pain is what you don't get It's Young Money till the bone grizzle [Lil Twist] Young Money good night And yeah I'm gonna shine like an Ultra Violet light Lil twist cold cellar like it's opening tonight 31'st nigga to write, You need a telescope sight To try to see me, I'm so far gone Even though I'm goin out kids, I'm so far on I gotta house full of cheques like the playboy home Wrapping up my lifestyle and I smashed this song Twizzy [Nicki Minaj] I'm in that cotton pink bent Put mass on the guts White on white whips Kunta Kinte on the clutch You at the bottom of the pole, Totem Like Lamar Odom, I ball, scrotom Flyer than a cricket so they call me Nicki Jim-any And it's going down like Santa in the chimney You don't ball break ya baby back ribs You need more assist than the handicap kids [Shanell] Young Money we rockstars So fuck wit ya magnum on And hold on we go long You feel that, We get that We in that, we run that, we bus back We hit em when we see em coming back for more Back for more.. [Mack Maine] Michael wade family in the building you can't hold us Me, taz and wayne we the 3 new moguls Buffet around here ya'll boys scrape the plates And we don't eat up in our whispa they got paper plates Soon as we leave the club damn let the models go One word I forgot to say on his album, Hollygrove! This track different now they nod this the genesis Young Money murderers, We killin shit Forever.. [Drake] Alright I got this, you can never get this I built it up from nuthin you would think I'm playin tetris Thousand dollar sweater on but I never sweat shit Swear the beats they give me got a motherfuckin death wish Yeah, tell me who controls kings, I don't follow rules, stupid old things I'm flying through the city in a coupe with those wings My team deserves some motherfuckin supabowl rings, Young Money [Lil Wayne] I'm so in this bitch, CEO in this bitch Lil Weezy stand tall, Tippytoe in this bitch Blood gang motherfucka da da doe in this bitch Make ya girl get Barry Manilow in this bitch In the body of the World, money is the blood And everyday I be back and forward to the blood bank Uhh making deposits till I fucking faint New Orleans, nigga how about no fucking saints It's tight on our end call that bubbafranks Matter fact it's too tight add a couple links I'm the barstender you a women drink Yeah it's young money but the money aint Gudda tough, Nelly nice, Nick Nasty Streets bad, Tyga ill, Drake magic Millz Harlem, Chuck wild, Twist Dallas And Mack Maine rap, sing and manage Uhhhh It's Young Moolah Baby... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Shanell Album: Rebirth Song: American Star Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Woooo!! Music up please One, two, three... Born and raised in the USA By way of New Orleans where the killers stay Okay... {*echoes*} uhh, uhh, alright, yeah Born and raised in the USA Where the government's watchin what you do and say Hey heyyy, alriiiight Well I'ma tell you this story of mine, a nigga with glory Yeah I come from piss poor, and now I live in six story houses Now how's this? Ha! Listenin to my own voice in my black Rolls Royce Get the girls of my choice to take off their shorts and blouses I take off my trousers, yeah! And you don't know nothin about this I'm a dope boy with a guitar [Chorus: Shanell] + (Lil Wayne) Hey daddy can you let me Ride with the band in the back seat Ridin with the dope boy (I'm, I'm a dope boy with a guitar) Tell them if they're lookin for me I'm on the road to the next city, ridin with the dope boy [Lil Wayne] Dope boy with a guitar... Born and raised in the USA By way of New Orleans where the killers stay But that's okay, yeahhh, that's alright, yes! I'm loved and praised in the USA. My ancestors were slaves in the USA But not todayyyyy, it's alright {*echoes*} Yeah, c'mon! Ohhhhhhhh I'ma, dope boy with a guitar [Lil Wayne] Bridge!! Born and raised in the USA Where my president is B-L-A-C-K {*repeat 3X*} I was born and raised in the USA And all I wanna do is play So turn me up {*repeat 4X*} {*guitar licks to end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Rebirth Song: Prom Queen Typed by: rndboi92@yahoo.com [Lil Wayne] yeahhh!! [Verse 1] I loved her fancy underwear I sit behind her every year Waiting for the chance to get To tell her i'm the one she should be wit She's popular wit all the guys Only thing in my eyes I can see her in my life She woulda had the world if she were mine But see she had other plans I couldn't understand Her and her stupid friends Varsity's biggest fans Never forget the day She laughed and walked away And I couldn't stop her I guess she had it all.. [Hook] She had it all figured out When she left me with a broken heart Fucked around and turned me down Cuz she didnt think I could play the part But now the prom queen, the prom queen Is cryin sitting outside of my door See you never know how How everything can turn around [Verse 2] They loved her fancy underwear Every boyfriend, every year She can't keep a man who's tame When they can hardly remember her name, (haaa!) She did everything she could Just to make them laugh and treat her good She finds herself alone Askin herself, where did she go wrong? She didn't realize She chased the type of guys Who don't believe in ties Tryin to apologize Never forget the day She left and walked away And I couldn't stop her I guess she had it all.. [Hook] She had it all figured out When she left me with a broken heart Fucked around and turned me down Cuz she didnt think I could play the part But now the prom queen, the prom queen Is cryin sitting outside of my door See you never know how How everything can turn around [Lil Wayne- Ad-libs] Yeahh!! Yeah...uh Uh Whew! [Hook] She had it all figured out When she left me with a broken heart Fucked around and turned me down Cuz she didnt think I could play the part But now the prom queen, the prom queen Is cryin sitting outside of my door See you never know how How everything can turn around [Fade to End] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Rebirth Song: Ground Zero Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*instrumental for the first 46 seconds*} [Lil Wayne] Back the hell off! Rock and roll Jesus with all my nails on All I need is a blunt and a bail bond And give these blind motherfuckers somethin to feel on Rollin like a motherfucker put your wheels on And let's roll down the hill 'til the hill gone I started on the block but that's somethin to build on And how can I pray when I got nuttin to kneel on? [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Hey! The ground is gone Don't look now but the ground is gone I'm so high that the ground is gone And I don't even know which cloud I'm on Don't look down but the ground is gone Don't look down cause the ground is gone Right now I'm a million miles from home And I'm so high that the ground is gone [Lil Wayne] Huh, walk on the air Show me to the edge and I walk off there We ain't high enough, au contraire And sometimes life just don't compare Sa-say my name, baby pull my hair And I'ma fuck you like a bull, I swear I got a lot of love that I could just share I got a lot of drugs that I could just share!! I-I-I know, I know, what'chu like girl A nice little mirror and a little white girl Way at the top of the mountain, bouncin May I be everything but grounded I don't ever wanna see the bottom, the bottom I just wanna float, float like Muhammad I don't ever wanna see the bottom, the bottom I just wanna float... {*echoes*} [Interlude: Lil Wayne] Jump jump jump out a window Let's let's let's jump off a buildin baby Let's jump jump out a window Let's jump off a buildin baby Jump jump out a window Let's let's let's jump off a buildin baby Let's jump jump out a window Let's jump off a buildin baby [Chorus] sans last three words [Lil Wayne] I know a girl named Crystal, her last name Ball I look into her eyes, and I can see it all I see it when she cry, I'm there when she call Cause I live inside of the mirror on the wall Kill-kill 'em all, die in the spirit of the war Thinkin what am I, be in spiritual fall Huh, shit, cause ain't no love Die while America drink yo' blood It ain't no hurricane, it ain't no flood It's some other shit that we ain't know of Make that money yeah make that money Then watch the government take that money But we gon' raise hell motherfucker get well Laws get passed and economies fail Love, hate, emotion, compulsion Addiction, diction, virgins, dickses Minglin, mixin, swingin, switchin Swaggin, sweet, freaks, faggots Flames, fashion, planes, crashin Ground, zero... [Interlude] - 1/2 [Outro] Let's let's let's jump off a buildin baby Let's jump jump out a window Let's jump off a buildin babyyy {*slows to a stop*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Rebirth Song: Da Da Da Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*15 seconds of guitar solo*} [Lil Wayne] OWWW! Damn it (damn it girl) You know you got it goin on You can see by the way that she walk and you're so fine that your body need a bodyguard Well I can be your hubby or your only tenderoni Let me beam you up like Scotty, I got Whitney  just enough for everybody in this party girl Da da da, dah, dah La-da-da-da da-dah-dah La-da da, dah, dah La-da-da-da da-dah-dah! [Lil Wayne] Yeah, I know you want me Yeah, give me that monkey Yeah, that funky monkey Yeah (that funky monkey) Bass!! {*guitar solo*} [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Lil Wayne] Yep, I'm +In Like Flynn+ Benjamin Franklin my twin Yeah, if she can't swim I got'cha girl sinkin in my Benz Backstroke, backstroke Like Michael Phelps with my backstroke Break her off 'til her back broke I leave her numb like crack folk Then I get to the money, Monday through Sunday Anxiously like what it do honey Me-na-ge, watch honey do honey And then they do me and I'm glad they done it Yeah, I'm with D-R-E The nigga that make beats with that nigga C-O, O-L, cool We so motherfuckin cool-er, than you [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Lil Wayne] BASS!! Damn it (damn it girl) You know you got it goin on You can see by the way that she walk and you're so fine that your body need a bodyguard Well I'm your Kevin Costner And I will be the boxer I would love a bite, cause shorty out of sight And I just wanna watch her {*guitar solo*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Rebirth Song: Paradice Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One: Lil Wayne] Moolah babe... She was a young girl in pursuit of glory and fame She would do anything she could to feel the flame When everybody know your move and the things you pay She finally made all her dreams come true and then she screamed Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise! (Yeahhh) Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise! You know, this ain't paradise [Verse Two: Lil Wayne] He was a young boy in pursuit of money and fame-ahh And he would do anything he could to kill the painnn-AHH When everybody know your moves, they speak of your name And ohh, all over the late night local news I heard him screammmm Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise! (Yeee) Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise [Interlude: Lil Wayne] I say the sun don't shine forever (oh oh oh oh oh) And everything that glitter ain't gold (ahhhhhhh) I say love don't love forever (oh oh oh oh oh) And everything that's new gets old (rahhhhh) [Verse Three: Lil Wayne] Sometimes we try to find the road to the riches, need roadside assistance Blisters on my knees, from beggin for forgiveness Ain't no dollars on my trees, but knowledge on my feet Cause I been climbin to the peak, and runnin from the bullshit I'm tired of playin the same song, who told the DJ bring it back? Dead Presidents, bullet in Abraham Lincoln hat Starin at big poster I swear that he be winkin back Cut school, sell crack, sorry I'm just thinkin back Call-call me crazy I been called worse It's like I have it all, but what's it all worth? Ha ha, I'm probably better in my afterlife I should cherish life but, this ain't paradise [Outro] Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise! (Oh, ohh ohh ohh) ... this ain't paradise; no, this ain't paradise This ain't paradiseeeeeeeee... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Rebirth Song: Get a Life Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] WOO!!! I'm just tryin to get my own, I'm up early in the mo'nin Gettin it by all means, gotta get this dough (ohhh) Oh (ohhh) oh (ohhh) oh (ohhh) But everytime I look over my shoulder I see you and all your hatin hatin homies all up all up in my zone (no) oh no (no) oh no (no) oh no (no) and your haten haten hommies all up in my zone Come on man, hey What the fuck you lookin at me for?! Wou wanna do somethin? Do somethin! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] I say fuck you (fuck you) Get a life (get a life) Man I got to much shit on my head to have to deal with all of you (youuu) of you (youuu) of you (youuu) of you (youuu) I say, fuck you (fuck you) Get a life (get a life) Man I got to much shit on my head to have to deal with all of you (youuu) of you (youuu) of you (youuu) of you (youuu) I say fuck youuuuuuuuu... [Lil Wayne] Listen baby! You've got it goin on Your girlfriends say I ain't the one They hate it when I call you up I hear 'em in the backround on your phone (ohhh) oh no (ohhh) ah-oh (ohhh) oh (oh-oh-oh) What you don't know about 'em baby When you not around 'em baby They be tryin to holla dey be  hidin in the bushes of my home (ohhh) oh (ohhh) oh (ohhh) ah-oh (ewww) Listen girl! {*echoes*} You tired of your motherfuckin friends hatin on your motherfuckin nigga everytime he call They's a bunch of motherfuckin haters Fuck them boo! [Lil Wayne - repeat 2X] All I can say is get a life Quit your motherfuckin hatin and get a life Get money, get bitches and get a life Get it goin, get it goin, go get a life [Outro: Lil Wayne] Oohhh, yeah Oohhh, yeah Oohhh, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Rebirth Song: On Fire Typed by: Timm2014@hotmail.com Mama bad Mama mean Gasoline She's on fire Put her out As a matter of fact Take her out Cause she's on fire Got on my knees  And asked my Lord to keep me clear from the devil cause my girl She's she's on fire Yeah now everything so cool Yeah [Verse One] Now gimme them back shots I want them back shots I said shorty let me play up in them matchbox Shorty she's on fire Shorty let a nigga rub this stick against this matchbox She's steaming She's screaming She's she's screaming She's fiending  I redeem it I get between it  Like a, like a remix Now hit me Now she's on fire Yeah, I let the steam blow But everything is cool [Verse 2] Uh She hot as hell lets call her Helen Fireman to her rescue like 9-11 Fuckin' right I make her hot She got the Devil in her I do whatever with her Hells angel I pluck her feathers nigga I am the fire spitter I start a fire with her Ok her flames high  But I am higher nigga So high so I invite her up Then I light her up Uh Mama bad mama mean Kerosene She's on fire Put her out As of matter of fact Take her out (Cause she's on fire) Got on my knees and ask my lord to keep me clear from the devil cause my girl She, she's on fire  Yeah now everything so cool Now hear it She's on fire Yeah (She's on fire) I let the steam blow Yeah, And now  (She's on fire) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Eminem Album: Rebirth Song: Drop the World Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Lil Wayne] I got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes Hate in my heart, love in my mind I seen nights full of pain, days are the same You keep the sunshine, save me the rain I search but never find, hurt but never cry I work and forever try but I'm cursed so never mind And it's worse but better times seem further and beyond The top gets higher, the more that I climb The spot gets smaller, and I get bigger Tryin to get in where I fit in, no room for a nigga But, soon for a nigga it be on muh'fucker Cause, all this bullshit done made me strong muh'fucker! So I [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Pick the world up and I'ma DROP it on yo' fuckin head, yeah Bitch I'ma pick the world up and I'ma DROP it on yo' fuckin head, yeah And I could die now, rebirth motherfucker Hop up in my spaceship and leave Earth motherfucker I'm gone.. motherfucker I'm gone [Lil Wayne] Uhh, I know what they don't wanna tell you Just hope you're heaven-sent, and you're hell-proof I-I walk up in the world and cut the lights off And confidence is a stain they can't wipe off Huh, my word is my pride But wisdom is bleak and that's a word from the wise Served to survive, murdered and bribed And when it got too heavy I put my burdens aside So I could [Eminem] I'm gone... I'm gone, I'm gone It hurts but I never show, this pain you'll never know If only you could see just how lonely and how cold And frostbit I've become, my back's against the wall When push come to shove I just stand up and scream fuck 'em all Man it feels like these walls are closin in, this roof is cavin in Up it's time to raise it then, your days are numbered like pagers and My book of rhymes got 'em cookin boy, this crooked mind of mines  got 'em all shook and scared to look in my eyes I stole that fuckin clock I took the time And I, came up from behind and pretty much snuck up and butt-fucked this game up Better be careful when you bring my name up, fuck this fame that ain't what I came to claim but the game ain't gonna be the same on the day that I leave it But I swear one way or another I'ma make these fuckin haters believe it I swear to God, won't spare the rod I'm a man of my words so your fuckin heads better nod Or I'ma fuck around in this bitch and roast everybody Sleep on me that pillow is where your head'll lie Permanently bitch it's beddy-bye This world is my Easter egg, yeah prepare to die! My head is swole, my confidence is up, this stage is my pedestal I'm unstoppable, incredible, hoe you're trapped in my medicine ball I could run circles around you so fast your fuckin head'll spin dawg I'll split your cabbage and your lettuce and olives I'll fuckin [Eminem] I'm gone... I'm gone, I'm gone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Shanell Album: Rebirth Song: Runnin Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] The loser, microphone abuser Feet hurtin, I just walked from Jerusalem So you should get on the side with the movement I'm the proof and I'll die just to prove it What'cha wanna know? Anything whatever I can't tell ya, I could show ya better Me me and my gun, we took an oath together Said I will never die, if we both together Yea! This is my testifacation I'ma weigh-in on they heads like precipitation And in Hell, you you need justification But, but for me it was just a vacation Hehehehe, yeah [Chorus: Shanell] Somebody tell me when's it gonna end Where's it gonna end up Runnin {*5X*} Runnin out When's it gonna end Where's it gonna end up Runnin {*3X*} RUNNIN OUT!! [Shanell] I lost all my money, I lost half my mind Can't find my direction, where's the finish line? Could I be that far awayyyyy from it all, have farrrr to go If I could stay for it all, then I shouldn't fall [Lil Wayne] But if I fall I fall up, and let the clouds hug me And If I fall down I bet I hit the gound runnin Bet you search and found nothin, lookin for the finish line Stop shortcuttin, you fucking up yo' finish time Geyeah, but every twice in a while It feels like I'm runnin, and life is the miles Yeah! But until the lights dimmin down I'll be runnin 'round, runnin {*echoes*} [Shanell] Will you tell me [Shanell] Countin all my pennies but it doesn't add up At the mercy but somehow it ain't enough Readin all the red lights tryin not to give up But I don't know how long it's gonna last, ohh [Lil Wayne] It's almost over now I said it's almost over now The end is gettin closer now Better do what your supposed to cause the world is on your shoulders now [Shanell] When's it gonna end? Where's it gonna end? Runnin, runnin out [Lil Wayne] Yeah! I'm runnin outta time, I'm runnin out of space Feel like I'm runnin 'round, but I'm runnin in place We all in the race, I'm just another sprinter If there's no finish line, then who's the real winner? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Kevin Rudolf Album: Rebirth Song: One Way Trip Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Hah, uhh, yeah, uhh... yeah Haha, look Beat the beat up 'til the beat get punchdrunk Drown in my flow motherfucker bring your swimmin trunks Everybody say they just do it, well I just don't Times do change motherfucker but the gun don't Woke up this morning with my dick to the ceilin Fell asleep with another chick from my buildin Kick her ass out and have breakfast like a muh'fucker ... I'm with another bitch by supper Yeah, me and hate that's an odd couple Hehe, you niggaz fake you wouldn't pop bubbles You can act stupid, bitch I'm dumber And T. Barker is my motherfuckin drummer Let's go! [Chorus: Kevin Rudolf] I'm fallin down a landslide On a one way trip to you You want me to take you for a ride Well let's see what you can do And it feels like uhh uh-uh uh-uh And I know just what to do Because I'm fallin down a landslide On a one way trip to you [Lil Wayne] Ha! Uhh, I been doin this shit And you know what they say about the shoe if it fit Have a ball 'til I fall though And if I die today I bet the world end tomorrow Haha! It's fucked up how you ain't never me And I got blind money, money you will never see And only in the mirror is where you'll find a better me I make money and my fingers make the letter B I'm very sick, very sicker than you And when I play sick, I'm Jordan with tha flu Hehe, then I become a motherfucker And my nigga Travis Barker is my drummer Motherfucker let's go! [Lil Wayne] Uhh! I get better with time, and time is forever So just sit back and watch my time get better So check yo' watch, I'm strong as scotch Poppa was a rollin stone, I was born to rock, uh! Tell it like it is, shit I don't know when it isn't To be or not to be, shit I don't know my decision I don't know how I made it for this long in this condition Cause my flow so sick I shoulda died in the first verse Mr. Doctor Carter with my hand up a nurse skirt Suck me like soup and I'ma eat you like surf n' turf Hah! Just let me know when you comin And my motherfuckin nigga T. Barker keep drummin Let's go! [Kevin Rudolf] On a one way trip to youuuuu {*2X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Rebirth Song: Knockout Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Lil Wayne] Uh! Yeahhh Ohhh! Yayyyyy... [Lil Wayne] Hey Barbie! Are-are-are are you into black men? Hey hey hey, hey Barbie! Hey, I could be your black Ken, wow! Cause once you go black, you never go back She wear her hair black, with curls in the back The she threw that ass back back back, then I fell to the mat And after that, everything went BLACK! [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] Baby one-two-three.. tell 'em get the referee Cause he can (he can) get the knockout (get the knockout) Get the telephone please, it's an emergency Cause he can (he can) get the knockout (get the knockout) [Lil Wayne] Hey Barbie! Can I call you Barbara? Ha ha Hey Barbie! Yeah can I call you tomorrow, and? today? Cause once you go black, you never go back And when she go to Wayne, everybody else is whack The she threw that ass back back back, then I fell to the mat And after that, everything went BLACK! [Nicki Minaj] Uhhh, uhhh Awww fuck it! Give me that damn bucket When when I throw this pussy you better not start duckin OH, YO, HIT HIT 'EM WITH THE BLOW Look look out in the crowd and everybody's yellin no Grab him by his locks and give us a good box Then hit him below the belt I wanna give him good top TOP! TOP! Give him good top! Hit him below the belt I want to give him good top! One-two-three they yellin one-two-three I done hit 'em with that motherfuckin crunk two piece Tell 'em, tell 'em to mop out, too late to copout Give 'em little head then toupee, that's a knockout! [Lil Wayne] So just knock me out! {*2X*} Damn... just knock me out! So just knock me out, just knock me out Just knock me out {*3X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Rebirth Song: The Price Is Wrong Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Lil Wayne] She stole my heart, she ran away Now I'm heartless, so fuck her anyway We got along, she got away The price is wrong, but she gotta pay [Lil Wayne] We used to be the coolest couple back in high school high school, my school, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yah Now she going out with some nigga name Michael Okay rifle, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yah We used to be the nastiest couple on the school yard back yard, your yard, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yah But now you just a nasty motherfucker baby who are you are, you are, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yah [Bridge] And everybody know that the tables turned (YEAH) And what you gonna do when the tables burned (YEAH) And now you all up in my face Pleadin your case, and I'm like Okay, okay, okay okay okay Okay, okay, okay okay okay okay Okay, okay, okay okay okay okay Okay okay okay okay okay okay ok-kay-kay-kay-kay-KAY!! [Lil Wayne] She used to be the cutest ever up in my class this class, that class, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yah But now she kissin any motherfucker with a hall pass so she skippin y'all class, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yah I used to be the baddest motherfucker in the lunchroom classroom, her room, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yahhhhh But now I graduated from youuuuuuuu Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah YAH YAH!! [Bridge] [Interlude: Lil Wayne] But she gotta pay... So fuck her anyway... [Chorus] - repeat 2.5X w/ minor variations [Outro: Lil Wayne] Fuck her anyway I fuck her anyway Fuck her anyway {*9X*} But she gotta pay! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Rebirth Song: I'll Die For You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*44 seconds of instrumental to start*} [Lil Wayne] Heyyyy, I tried.. to treat you like no other To be like no other.. in your life Heyyyy, and I cried.. to see you with another To see you with another.. to win your life [Bridge: Lil Wayne] Hear me out, please hear me out Hear me out before you walk up out the door Hear me out, please hear me out BEFORE YOU WALK UP OUT THAT FUCKIN DOOR!! [Chorus One: Lil Wayne] I love you like no other I do you like no other I swear to God I motherfuckin tried I do you like no other I treat you like no other Without you in my life I'd fuckin die I'd die without you, I'd die I'll die without you, I'll die I'll die without you... [Lil Wayne] I'll cry... until you see an ocean I'm sinkin to the ocean's floor... to my demise Ohh I'd die.. here to see you with another To see you with another.. to be in your life Ohhhh, ohhhh-ohhhh [Bridge] [Chorus Two: Lil Wayne] I love you like no other I treat you like no other I need you in my motherfuckin life I'll treat you like no other And there won't be another There won't be another Mr. Right I'd die without you, I'd die I'll die without you, I'll die I'll die without you, I'll die I'll die, ohhhh [Lil Wayne] Bury me a G.. yeah, bury me a G when I die Bury me a G when she cry And I'll be lookin down from the sky Bury me a G.. yeah bury me a G when I die Bury me a G.. and I I swear You gon' hear me out, yeah hear me out Hear me out before you walk up out my door Yeah you gon' hear me out DON'T YOU WALK UP OUT MY FUCKIN DOOR! [Chorus Three: Lil Wayne] I love you like no other I treat you like no other I need you in my motherfuckin life I'll do you like no other I'll treat you like no other I promise, I swear I'll die without you, die without you Die without you, die without you I'll die without you, die without you Die without you, die without.. you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Shanell Album: Rebirth Song: I'm So Over You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Lil Wayne] Turn it up {*3X*} Just turn it up Go on turn it up Just turn it up Ha ha... TURN IT UP!! [Lil Wayne] No regrets at all I'm high and I hope you catch the fall Welcome to my lecture hall You can't shake my infection off Take me to your leader and I promise I will be the man Swim until I see the sand Then die soon as I reach the land The water's over our hands What happened to our plans? Swim until I see the sand Then die soon as I reach the land! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] This is my resurrection, so fuck yo' resolution I don't need no protection, I don't need your confusion Don't know what to believe {*3X*} Don't care what you believe Cause I'm so over you, yeah I'm so over you Yeah I fly over you, cause I'm so over you [Shanell] I did everything by the book - book (book) book (book) Scribblin all over all of the notes that I took (took) took (took) Find that you're no better than a crook... OOH Set and developed I felt I could trust you... struck Showed them a picture of my ID That's not enough to prove that it's me Look in the mirror, now who should I be... lieve [Chorus] w/ Shanell [Outro: Lil Wayne] Ha! Don't know what to believe (uhh) Don't know what to believe (yeah) Don't know what to believe (huh) Don't care what you believe (yeah) Don't know what to believe (uhhhh) Don't know what to believe (yeaaaaah) Don't know what to believe (waaaaahhhhh) Yeah!!! Uhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Drake Album: I Am Not a Human Being Song: Gonorrhea Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Lil Wayne] ...Sound like my mic is right UGH~!! I-I am not a human, shout to all my moon men Yeah they call me Tune', got them bitches tuned in It's a crazy world, so I stay in mine and niggaz don't cross the line, niggaz stay in line like welfare; I'm St. Elsewhere Hotter than the devil - nigga, hell yeah! Rock-a-bye baby, homocide baby That's more tear drops, call me crybaby whatchu tal'n bout? Tell it to my nine Cut yo' tongue out, mail it to your moms I'm a young god, swagger unflawed Bitch I'm in the building, you in the front yard Life's a bitch - naw, better yet a dumb broad and I bet I can fuck the World and make it cum hard Yeah, you boys is washed up and I'm shittin on 'em like "Two Girls and One Cup", huh! Weezy Baby a/k/a bring the money home Pull out a AK and pop you in ya funny bone Laugh now, die later motherfucker Youse a bitch like Zeta Phi Beta, motherfucker, huh! [Chorus 2X: Lil Wayne] Yeaaah, I call it how I see ya I wish I never met ya, I wouldn't wanna be ya Pussy ass nigga, I don't want your gonorrhea Pussy ass nigga, I don't want your gonorrhea [Lil Wayne] Man I'm so tired of ballin, I sleep a lot now I'll let my goons rush ya/Russia, like Moscow Gun at ya eyebrow... -- pow pow! Man I ball hard, even with five fouls Yeah we in this bitch, like tampons Dump ya in the woods, now getcho' camp on Choke hold around this shit cause I'm so hands-on I get high as fuck and Polo sheets is what I lands on Back against the wall and my two feet is what I stand on Diva in the room, she blowin me just like a band horn Got her on her knees, the same knees that she be prayin on Now she just text her girlfriend with a capital, "YOU CAN JOIN" Yeah, what y'all wanna do? I'm all ears Smokin on that head band, call that shit that Paul Pierce I'm just so ahead of my time like dog years Ball/bald like Solange, India.Arie, Britney Spears [Drake] Uh, yeah.. I aaaaaaam, spendin much more than I'm makin  on these cars and these vacations, is that too much information? I just bought a Lamborghini, I'm not even into racing with a windshield full of tickets 'cause I live right by the station I am, tryna figure out why you so mad at me? Yes, I'm with Young Money, tell the magazine stop askin me I be with the dread with the tattoos on his head and a flag the color red like a fuckin low battery  {..OKAY} Nigga peep the shit I'm wylin on I be witcho' baby momma, you be witcho' child at home Big Mo, Big Red, two cups made of styrofoam Big cheese, big bread, call that shit a calzooone {..OKAY} I will break your fuckin collar bone Us against the World, better pick which fuckin side you on Wayne got a Bugatti that he steady puttin mileage on and we about to kill 'em, C4 Mr. Carter's hoooome~! [Lil Wayne] Yeaaah, c-call it how I see ya I wish I never met ya, I wouldn't wanna be ya We some asshole niggas, c-call us diarrhea The money keep growin, yep! It's growin like a Chia, ha-ah! Yeaaah, I call it how I see ya Y'all some pussy ass niggas, we should call you Gonorrhea Uh, you keep talkin that shit, I'ma see ya Ki-kill your seorita and ya FUCKIN mama mia! Uh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ T-Streets Album: I Am Not a Human Being Song: Hold Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Let go, okay Bitch I'm me, American gangster Weezy F baby, born in a manger Trouble is my friend I ain't foreign to danger Clip full of wings turn you boys into angels Shoot ya in your halo, shoot you like Halo New Orleans A-hole, frio, fuego All about my bread like bagels, they know I'm Raw like qualudes, ball like gay hoes Weed so strong its like I twist tornados Spit like nines, fo'-fifths and three-eight-ohs Niggaz want problems well I am problematic It's back to pickin cotton cause you niggaz cotton candy I'ma Eastside Damu, deep water Shamu Shoot you from your head to your shoulders, shampoo Kush and the bamboo, pussy in the bedroom Pass that bitch down like an heirloom, too cheap Hold up, hold up wait a minute Hold up, hold up mannnnnn We hustle 'til nightfall, party 'til sunlight Guns in the boxers, don't make this a gun fight Fuck them other niggaz, fuck them niggaz bitches Benadryl shit, trigger finger itchin and we hustle 'til nightfall, party 'til sunlight Guns in the boxers, don't make this a gun fight Fuck them other niggaz, and fuck them niggaz bitches Benadryl shit, trigger finger itchin Hold up, hold up... wait a minute Hold up, hold up... haha [T-Streets] Man bitch I'm Streets, I rep that East Gi-gimme the beef I'll put the beef in the grease Kush and the sweets, your bitch in the sheets I fucked that bitch, mi-mission complete Real nigga talk, gangster conversation I'm a real nigga, don't fuck wit imitations Young Money nigga, ain't no limitations I don't play games, nigga simulations Which one of y'all niggaz say you 'bout it? It's a fucked up world, T-Streets take you out it That's word to the glock, glock in the sock Loose lips sink ships better stop at the dock Hold up~! [Lil Wayne] Uhh married to the money you welcome to the reception And she came with problems, fuck it that's my stepsons Sleepin in the Maybach, wake me when the jet come And I keep the toast, turn yo' ass to breadcrumbs Uhh.. based on a true story I got a million flows they ain't even two stories Sleepin on the edge, I hope I don't toss and turn Shoot down the early bird and that's how I get the worm Yeah, re-real Nigga University, alumni Just checked my watch and that bitch says sometimes She say when I'm in her, it feel like I'm soul searchin And they say money talks, well it's my spokesperson Uhh, grab a star from the sunroof I fuck her in her dreams, and make her come true Yeah, Young Money and the power Send my bees at you like a muh'fuckin flower Hold up, hold up Hold up, wait a minute Hold up... hold up, mannn The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Drake Album: I Am Not a Human Being Song: With You Typed by: c92880w@yahoo.com [Lil Wayne] Uh, shawty badder than a three year old Keep playing and I'm a eat her like a pita roll I'm just saying, with my love, I can feed her soul Two day getaway and we don't need our clothes We at the pool and she looking like a centerfold Two tattoos, but she say she's getting plenty mo' She got Indian in her family, Seminole Me, and shawty go together like chemicals And she get mad when I call other women hoes You send her Rose, I pick some flowers and send her those Tall glass of Marlowe, get her in the mode Two tall glasses of Marlowe, get her out her robe I whisper in her ear, then lick around her lobe And when she check her watch, it's never time to go And with her brain, she should make the honor roll And when I came, she caught me like the common cold Bridge [Lil Wayne]: D-D-Damn, you're the shit And I'll rip my heart out and hand you the shit And I don't really know how to handle the shit But tonight, it's moonlight and candles and shit Chorus [Drake]: With you baby (repeat four times) With you and only you [Drake harmonizing] [Lil Wayne] Uh, I say, damn I must be there Because you're the best that I ever seen right Shawty put me on, you got me gone like some green lights See you with your girls, they probably telling you that he ain't right Then they be the same bitches at the wedding throwing riiice Let's get together overnight shawty I'm a pro and you were looking like the prototype [Laughs] Macita, I took your advice Sometimes you got to blow it twice, then shake it up and roll the dice I'm cruising on the road to life but I need a passenger Appetite for love and ma, I'm hungry like a scavenger I-I be on that lavender, I-I be in the bath with her Then I gotta go under that water like a mariner Bridge [Lil Wayne]: D-D-Damn, you're the shit And I'll rip my heart out and hand you the shit And I don't really know how to handle the shit But tonight, it's moonlight and candles and shit Chorus [Drake]: With you baby (repeat four times) With you and only you [Drake harmonizing] [Lil Wayne] Uh, now she don't know about me, but I'm a put her on it And she ain't sure about me, but can't go without me [Laughs] We probably ain't supposed to be together but I wonder if a love affair could last forever? [Laughs] And shawty, I'm weak, smoke a lot of weed but I can never forget ya And then I told her to her face If everyone was like you, the world would be a better place Bridge [Lil Wayne]: D-D-Damn, you're the shit And I'll rip my heart out and hand you the shit And I don't really know how to handle the shit But tonight, it's moonlight and candles and shit Chorus [Drake]: With you baby (repeat four times) With you and only you [Drake harmonizing] Bridge [Lil Wayne]: D-D-Damn, you're the shit And I'll rip my heart out and hand you the shit And I don't really know how to handle the shit But tonight [But tonight echoes in the background] Chorus [Drake]: With you baby (repeat four times) With you and only you [Drake harmonizing] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: I Am Not a Human Being Song: I Am Not a Human Being Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com I am not a human being [Verse 1] Re-re-reporting from another world Look up in the sky and see me courting with a cover girl She know that inspite, after I'm through then it's another girl I can make your wife and your sister fuck your brother off Rockstar biatch, check out how we rock And if this ain't hip hop, it must be meat hawk I'm higher than a motherfucking chronic leaf tree top I make that nina sing like shooty do wee op Them other fags daddy?, well I truly do me, pop And I get my candy from your girlfriend's sweet shop Still get a stomach ache every time I see cops You better run motherfucker cause we not Yeah, you bitches better run til your feet stop And I'm so fed up with street cops, I'm colder than a ski shop I'm holding onto the top And even if I let go, I still won't drop I am the rhyming oasis I got a cup of your time, I won't waste it I got my foot on the line, I'm not racing I thank god that I am not basic Ow! I am not a human being [Verse 2] Haha, rockstar baby Now come to my suite and get lock jaw baby I can knock your boots and your socks off baby News flash, your boyfriend a knock off baby Okay, real shit, he can get knocked off baby And I'm like a champagne top, I'm ready to pop off baby You really lucky I don't kill if it's not for baby Got so much money, I know it gets the cops all crazy Rockstar shit from my rockstar ass Got a tub full of money, that's a rockstar bath Then I use more money to wipe my rockstar ass Then I throw it in the garbage, that's rockstar trash I wouldn't try you, I wouldn't lie you I'm only sticky cause them bitches got their eyes glued Big B bitch, I'm so motherfuckin' domu Staring at a mountain like bitch I will climb you I stand tall like a motherfuckin' nine too I scream mother fuck you and whoever designed you And if you think you hot, then obviously you are lied to And we don't die, we multiply and then we come divide you I thank god that I am not basic I am not a human being [Verse 3] Ugh, I'm rockstar bad With my rockstar glasses and my rockstar plaid This the school of hard rock, I'm a rockstar grad And my kids are bout to have a rockstar dad I'm not gonna let them teddys bounce like rison glass And if you do, I'll probably call you like shots off glass Don't jump into my water cause you not gonna last I swear I'mma be like a shark that's not gonna pass Rockstar life, rockstar bright And in the mosh pit is how a rockstar fight So jump up in this bitch and catch a rockstar right And the cops could never violate a rockstar's rights Yeah, now I'm back on my grizz And y'alls a bunch of squares like a motherfucking grid And everybody get it, well me, I get rid Of he who say he get it and then I get his No marquee but this is big biz And I scream fuck it whoever it is Ain't no motherfucker deeper than me, bitch dig And I thank god everyday that my children are rich kids I am the rhyming oasis I got a cup of your time, I won't waste it I got my foot on the line, I'm not racing I am not a human being The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: I Am Not a Human Being Song: I'm Single Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Lil Wayne] Uh, camo shorts and bubble Kush... Yeah, we can talk, she'd rather fuss.. This and that 'bout such-n-such, man... Damn, where is the fuckin trust? I'm tired of the hoop and holl'n I'm 'bout to take the Coupe to Collins Uh.. then take a female to the Island Uh, then take her clothes off and do the honors Yeah, now she hear I'm wit dem other bitches Yeah, I told her mind her fuckin business Hehehe.. Shit, she prol'ly out chea fuckin niggaz I'm fuckin her friends, now her friends ain't even fuckin with her Damn, she text me all day and night So pissed off she ain't even spellin shit right I text her back, and tell her, "It's life" Now somebody tell them hoes I'm single for the niiiight ...Yeah I'm single Nigga had to cancel that bitch like Nino I ain't trippin on nothin, I'm sippin on somethin And my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me And I'm single, yeah I'm single And I'm single, tonight I'm single I ain't trippin on nothin, I'm sippin on somethin And my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me tonight [Lil Wayne] Uh, dreads braided to the back I'm chillin but my swag on full attack Hahah... and my girl actin like a brat So when she call, I don't answer, I just write her back ...She hate it when I do that shit And I when get home, she go thru my shit She call numbers back, to see who that is ...Man, I hate it when she do that shit ...Polo t-shirt, Polo draws ...Now make me take this Polo off Heheh... Girl, you can get broken off Yeah, I fuck you for an hour then I smoke it owww-ff Swimmin trunks and bathing suits Then go in the bedroom and tell the naked truth Don't wanna fuss, ain't tryna fight Man somebody tell them hoes I'm single for the niiiight [Lil Wayne] Uhh, now she got on her fuck 'em dress ..and I got on my double breast Uh, and he been fussin all day wit her And I make her feel special like a place kicker She wanna be Weezy F. Babysitter Say she wish she could cut my dick off and take it wit her I say, "Hold on," she say she just playin Then I falls in dat pussy like quicksand Uhh, hot sex and cold wine She left that nigga hangin like a clothes line I cut my phones off -- both lines It's bout to get nasty -- pork rinds She came hard -- both times  We both say we single, and we both lyin We both wrong, but it feel right Putcha hands up, if you single for the niiiight [Lil Wayne - Outro] Yeah.. If you singlllle, putcha hands up (uh) If you singlllle (uh) putcha hands up (uh) I-If you singlllle (uh) putcha- if you single tonight And I ain't trippin on nothin, I'm sippin on somethin And my huh-boy say he got a bad bitch fuh me  I ain't trippin on nuh'hin, I'm sippin on suh'hin And my HUH-boy say he got a bad bitch for me tonight Yeaaaah, HAHAHAHA~!! Ahhhh, lemme cut my phone back on, man (If you singlllle) Yeaaaah, sorry baby, but I gotta go home (YEAAAAAH) It's morning {*imitating Shirley Murdock*} It's mooooooorniiiiing The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Nicki Minaj Album: I Am Not a Human Being Song: What's Wrong With Them Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Uhh Life on the rocks, too hard to swallow So we get high 'til it feel like the sky low Y'all boys just a bunch of pussycats, Milo Money is the song, pockets on high note Doe ray mi fa so, I rock like a fossil Big ball shit, Paul Castellano Shoot yo' ass up, now crawl out the condo That's that nine nigga, uhh Rondo Sleeping with the enemy, so I fuck the world To Miss Louisiana, the sweetest Southern girl The sweetest Southern girl (sweetest Southern girl) [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] This is time's up, put your signs up Made 'em pick my dude, out the line up Baby what the fuck wrong, wrong with them? What the fuck wrong, wrong with them? You see many are called, very few are chosen Lookin at the wall, and I can feel them close in Baby what the fuck wrong, wrong with them? What the fuck wrong, wrong with them? [Lil Wayne] Uhh Mind over matter, money over all The world is on my shoulders, should I dust my shoulders off? Uzi rat-a-tatter, knocking over walls Fuck the bullshit, but just don't fuck it raw Man pussy has a pattern, and I know where I'm goin And if you got beef I turn into a tenderloin Sanity kills, so I live the crazy life I wonder if you'll pay attention, if I change the price Life is my wife, 'til death do us part Man I'm fly as fuck you ain't even next to depart Quick Draw McGraw, I hope you like art [Lil Wayne] Uhh Steppin on the bullshit, you can be my doormat Y'all ain't goin nowhere with that hatin shit, four flats Disrespectful on the beat, Borat Fuck the system and the pussy wasn't all that Yeah, now time's gettin shorter With life on your head like a fuckin Reed Carter now Don't you cross me, you do better crossin the border So much money piled up I'm a motherfuckin hoarder [Nicki Minaj] Young Money~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Drake Album: I Am Not a Human Being Song: Right Above It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] ("Kane is in the building") Now tell me how you love it You know you at the top when only heaven's right above it We onnn, cause we onnn [Drake] Who else really tryin to fuck with Hollywood Cole? I'm with Marley G bro Flyin Hollygrove chicks to my Hollywood shows And I wanna tell you somethin that you probably should know This that "Slumdog Millionaire," Bollywood flow And uhh... my real friends never hearin from me Fake friends write the wrong answers on the mirror for me That's why I pick and choose, I don't get shit confused I got a small circle, I'm not with different crews We walk the same path, but got on different shoes Live in the same building, but we got different views I got a couple cars, I never get to use Don't like my women single, I like my chicks in twos And these days all the girls is down to roll I hit the strip club and all them bitches find a pole Plus I been sippin so this shit is movin kinda slow Just tell my girl to tell her friend that it's time to go [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Now tell me how you love it You know you at the top when only heaven's right above it We onnn.. it's Young Money motherfucker If you ain't runnin with it run from it motherfucker All right, now somebody show some money in this bitch And I got my bees with me like some honey in this bitch Ya diig? I got my gun in my boo purse And I don't bust back because I shoot firrrst [Lil Wayne] ... Meet me on the fresh train Yes I'm in the building you just on the list of guest names And all of my riders do not give a fuck, X Games Guns turn you boys into pussies, sex change ... and I smoke 'til I got chest pains And you niggaz know I rep my gang like Jesse James Women are possessive, and they wanna possess Wayne I been fly so long I fell asleep on the fuckin plaaane Skinny pants and some Vans Call me Triple A, get my advance in advance Amen~! As the world spin and dance in my hands Life is a beach, I'm just playin in the saaand Uhh, wake up and smell the pussy You niggaz can't see me, but never overlook me I'm on the paper trail it ain't no tellin where it took me Yeah and I ain't a killer but don't push meee... [Lil Wayne] Uhh, how do he say what's never said? Beautiful black woman I bet that bitch look better red Limpin off tour cause I made more off my second leg Muh'fuckin Birdman Junior, eleventh grade Ball on automatic start I could hand it to Drake or do a quarterback draw Wildcat offense, check the paw prints We in the building, you niggaz in apartments Uhh, now-now c'mon be my blood donor Flow so nice you ain't gotta put a rug on her Do it big and let the small fall under that Damn where you stumbled at? From where they make gumbo at? Kane got the fuckin beat jumpin like a jumpin jack But you know me, I get on this bitch and have a heart attack Hip-Hop, I'm the heart of that, nigga nothin short of that President Carter, Young Money Democrat Uhh [Chorus] w/ minor variations [Lil Wayne] Yeah! We onnn Young Mu-Young Mula bay-bayyy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Lil Twist Album: I Am Not a Human Being Song: Popular Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Yeah She got that good good, she Michael Jackson "Bad" I'm attracted to her, for her attractive ass She got that good good, she Michael Jackson "Bad" I'm-I'm attracted to her... [Lil Wayne] Uhh, she a monster, I'm her sponsor She run through my head, Chris Johnson I'ma tackle her, get in back of her Bust it open suck that pussy like the Dracula What your man doing? Tell him fall back Throw that pussy at me, baseball bat I kiss her where she point, I make her lose her voice I see her when I want; call that Viewer's Choice #1 lover, she want none other Don't need another one, when we got one another I take her out, then I take her down I beat it up, twelve round [Chorus One: Lil Wayne] She-she got that good good She got that-got that good She got, she got that, got that She-she got that good good, she Michael Jackson "Bad" I'm attracted to her, with her attractive ass [Chorus Two: Lil Twist - repeat 2X] Ok I'm watchin you baby, and thinkin 'bout all of the things that I can do baby, on top of the world when I'm on top of you baby, spend the night with me and get popular baby, po-popular baby [Lil Wayne] Uhh, she a monster, but I'm a beast though Take her clothes off, with my teeth though I beat slow, or I can hit it fast I do it how she ask, and I cum last I bust her ass, we tear it down Then I gotta split, like James Brown It's all love, I come back around And if she back it up, then-then I back it down Tell me somethin is you ready for me baby? Take this beast up out my pants and let you pet it for me baby My dick on Professor Klump jump on this Eddie for me baby And when uou fuck with me they give you credit for it baby Yeah [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [Lil Wayne] Uhh she got that good good, she Michael Jackson "Bad" I'm attracted to her, for her attractive ass So pack your bags, I fly you in Soon as she land, we get it in She love to put her legs around my neck I promise if I fuck her hard then she gon' choke me to death Heh~! And it's always wet Don't know if she the "Best I Ever Had" but she the best I had yet! [Chorus Two] - one half [Lil Wayne] YEAH!! [Lil Twist] + (Lil Wayne) Hey, and you'll get popular baby (Lil Twist!) And like a cradle I'll be rockin you baby (yeah) I feel good when I'm on top of you baby So I'ma stay on top of you baby, hey [Lil Wayne] + (Lil Twist) You'll be popular baby Hey, I'll be rockin you baby (hey!) I'm on top of you baby And I'ma stay on top of you baby Ha ha ha (hey!) Young Mula baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Jay Sean Album: I Am Not a Human Being Song: That Ain't Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Cut the music up please Yeah, I should never leave hip-hop Controlled by my two hands, they go tic-toc Around the clock yes it's my time, my throne Bet I know the time of day in any fuckin time zone I'm feeling like I'm on top of the rhinestone Pull in the ladder from heaven about to climb home Mental thoughts are sharper than a pine cone In this world of numbers I keep my nine on And I don't go to church because the line long And the preacher he be gettin his shine on But I know my Lord, I am God's own Back to my hands, tick tick, a time bomb [Jay Sean - Chorus] Yeahhh don't you know I'll be (I'll be) {*3X*} I'll be here cause I won't quit, yeah You can try to lock me up; you can try to break me down But I stay strong, it's my throne Can't stop now cause that ain't me You can try to lock me up; you can try to break me down But I stay strong, it's my throne Can't stop now cause that ain't me [Lil Wayne] Try to stay afloat on my innertube When they turned my city into a swimmin pool Before that, it was a livin cesspool We got get on our shit like nats do Polices be on my tip like hats do But, I just stay strong like blacks do Never +Saved by the Bell+ in a black school And I stay in trouble like +Zack+ do And in this game, nobody's on my plateau Therefore my name remains like a tattoo Yes, I take giant steps in Shaq boots B-I-R-Dman Jun-ior Or Weezy, F, baby, baby [Jay Sean] That ain't me - see I won't stop That ain't me - ooh no I won't quit That ain't me - no I won't stop That ain't me, cause that ain't me [Lil Wayne] Yeah, alright, alright Alright alright I'm in their conversations The title's up for grab I'm into confiscation Punched, shot, or stabbed, now you're the doctor's patient Wild like an Arab from the Islamic nation I get money 'round the clock, ain't got no time for hatin And these niggaz ain't shit like they constipated I get the coupe with the kit, watch me lobster red it Drop the top at the light that's when I behead it So far ahead of them, I feel outdated But I feel electric, like I'm Raiden Used to play Mortal Kombat when I was a couch potato And now I'm comin out with faders, no homo {*laughing} [Jay Sean] That ain't me - you see I won't stop That ain't me - ooh no I can't stop That ain't me - cause I won't quit No I won't quit - that ain't me - no that ain't me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: I Am Not a Human Being Song: Bill Gates Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Uh-huh.. yeah.. uhh! Skinny-ass pants, fresh pair of Vans If them niggaz keep trippin they can share an ambulance Throw up blood with my hands, my gang poppin niggaz Smoke that kush and not that Reggie for you name droppin niggaz All day I do it, I do it like Tony Got a sign on my dick that say "bad bitches only" I don't drink champagne, it make my stomach hurt Man I'm on that Patron, fuck with me wrong and get merked Got a silencer on the gun, that bitch go "pew" Got-got a mean ass swagger, my bitches do too Yeah, all my niggaz nuts, and I'm a loose screw Bitch I get big bucks, pockets on Bruce Bruce Yeah I talk that shit, bitch I got bread, bitch I got toast Welcome to the murder show I am the motherfuckin host They call me Weezy F baby yes I do the fuckin most I'm at they throats until they choke, the God has spoke I need a smoke Wait... now let it breath to 'em, yeah It go, all these bitches, and niggaz still hatin I used to be a baller, but now I'm Bill Gatin Got a list full of problems, I'll tend to 'em later Yeah life is a bitch but I appreciate her Man all these bitches, and niggaz still hatin Yeah I used to be a baller, but now I'm Bill Gatin Got a list full of problems, I'll tend to 'em later Yeah life is a bitch, but I appreciate her man Yeah [Lil Wayne] It go dark-ass shades, I can't see them haters Now eat these fuckin bullets don't forget to tip the waiter Dress like a skater, ride on you like Shawn White I'm high all day, you can call that shit a long flight Every night's a long night, every day's a holiday I dont fuck with squares, now do that mean I'm out of shape? Yes I talk shit, got to defecate to conversate Weezy fuck the world, yep I fuck it 'til it ovulate Get her to the crib get in that pussy and just dominate Weezy F baby and the F is for fornicate Polo Ralph Lauren bitch, that's what my pajamas say Big tall glass of some shit you can't pronounciate Boogers in the bezel of my watch, with the diamond faces Still I do not give you motherfuckers the time of day Pistol in your mouth I cannot make out what you tryin to say And if they want a war, then tell them motherfuckers bombs away~! [Lil Wayne] Let it breath to 'em... Just let it breath to 'em, yeah, hehe Young, Young Mula baby {*3X*} ... Just let it breath to 'em The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Gudda Gudda, Jae Millz, Tyga Album: I Am Not a Human Being Song: YM Banger Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Gudda Gudda] Ok I'm leanin to the left, fla-flag in my right pocket Star Trak fly, unidentified flying objects Extraterrestrial, I'm all about my decimals Retarded in the booth they say I got a special flow Sicker than your average you rappers is ass backwards Gudda spit crack and you niggaz is crack addicts The simple mathematics; you cut the check and I rake in the green like I'm rakin the grass in Pretty bitches damn near faint when they passin Call my whip Martin but the first name Aston Potatohead niggaz get mashed when I'm spazzin Think you fuckin with me? Put your cash in Nah, I doubt it; I was young and reckless when Pete say he was about it You niggaz is +Ducks+, +Howards+ Cowards, kill the competition and shower niggaz with flowers This rap shit is ours, punk, bitch~! [Lil Wayne] Uh, Uptown back in it, Hollygrove black menace Black clothes, black tennis', black semi' I've never sat in the Hemi that will offend me Try Maybach or Maybach, bitch I got stacks - yeah Paychecks on paychecks and I still want payback I still don't play that, I kill on ASAP And he don't do shit but get money all day Put some shoes on my bullets now they runnin your way YM, Young Mula, Young Money all day Where the drugs so sweet like honey on yay Which one of y'all say you want drama? I'm honored I blitz yo' ass like a motherfuckin lineman Stack of paychecks with a whole bunch of comma Still wear red like an old 49er Fuck shittin on ya, dump the whole toilet on ya Wee-Weezy F baby, bitch I'm hotter than Uganda Unngh! [Jae Millz] Let-let go Mo-momma ain't make me to make homies she made me to make history So doin that my extra-curicular activity Bulldozer boy and my target is the industry Two things in the world I love - good head and victory You ain't doin it big, I'm grown, stop kiddin me Your whip ain't up to date and your hoes look like Mr. T This is +Misery+, no Kathy Bates Come at me sideways my money'll slap you straight Yeah, I'm a big joker so you know I'll smash your ace Leave the club with ya girl send her home with a ashy face Love is a gamble, but it's my casino And tonight you're the loser, I hope she got Aveno I hope the game got life insurance cause I'ma kill it And all you whack ass rap niggaz dyin with it I'm so Harlem, eatin but still starvin Po-pockets fat as fuck like all they do is eat margarine Millz! [Tyga] Say, put the flow in the pot, crank up the notch Burn the song from a stove top, this finger lickin hot His pick flip cause the nigga flopped My shit hit like the pitch was soft, niggaz cottonballed She dropped drawers cause she poppin off Her pussy crossed guard but, I don't stop at all I smash in the car, like fuck the fuckin law Her baby daddy gone, who wanna meet the Don? That Rocky shit up on the arm-arm Shittin on 'em like hay in the barn Hey wait they say Money talks and, man you don't speak at all You shop at mini-malls My style two thumbs up like using analogs Ha ha~! I wreck shit for the recognition bitch Jesus as my witness, Saan vision Eyeball you niggaz, flame flicker I melt pictures, Tyga skin ain't drippin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Gudda Gudda, Jae Millz, Lil Chuckee, Lil Twist, Nicki Minaj Album: I Am Not a Human Being Song: YM Salute Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj] This that Young Money shit right here Better strap up your boots.. before they start to shoot They do it for the troops.. it's Young Money salute It's Young Money salute [Lil Twist] Yeah, uhh So sick with the flow, yeah you Cowboys know That Lil Twist been a pro way before Romo No T.O., no Witten, Cowboys to a piston A.I., no Wallace, you kids gettin demolished I'm bookin on you suckers like I'm just leavin college But smart, very smart, too smart for your knowledge Too smart once mo', Wayne called me a genius It's Y.M.E. nothin gets in between us [Lil Chuckee] I told Wayne I'm goin in like somebody 'bout to bury me In this rap game nobody could ever bury me That's why you see me on stage rockin with Young Money I told my team I got us, man it's all on me like Volume 2, B.G., I got my crew with me Twist, Mack, Millz, Gudda and my baby Nicki Everytime I'm on the track it's ransom Can't find 'em like us any mo', it's random When Young Money come through you better salute us [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] Better strap up your boots.. before they start to shoot They do it for the troops.. it's Young Money salute It's Young Money salute.. it's Young Money salute It's Young Money salute.. it's Young Money salute So salute, so salute [Jae Millz] Hey I solemnly swear if it ever go down You ain't never gotta call me, cause I'ma be there Let's get to the point like elbows, my crew harder than shelltoes Strapped like velcro and is we runnin? Hell no And truthfully, aimin for number one, ohh do we! You ask why, I'll reply "Cause nobody remember two or three" Cross YM and out of him we'll make a movie (yessir) We all that we can be, respect the army and salute we [Gudda Gudda] Yeah, Young Money army we marchin, we comin forward No warnin, we got these boys runnin like Forrest So salute me like a general, first place never last Always on top and I'm a chief like a Seminole Got the game in a stranglehold, no lettin up You can get the top or your can popped like 7-Up Lnock knock let us up, Young Money applaud me And we'll take the game out your hands like a joystick [Nicki Minaj] I'ma need my badges and my ribbons Maybe it'll make up for everything that I wasn't given Everything that I've given, I swear I'll never give in Just look at what I've been in and this is just the beginnin I d-d-d-d-do it cause I did it for my ballerina girls Blowin kisses to the soldiers I am Marilyn Monroe When we shoot shoot shoot 'em up, camoflauge me Cause Young Money is the Navy, better yet a army [Lil Wayne] ... Commander in Chief One hand on the world, one hand on the brief I stand on the world, bitch I stand on the peak of the game, and the girls, and the guap', now that's G Don't ask me about shit but money Fuckin right my money long I got that ten foot money Heh, I get it fast when I get to the money When I walk, it sound like ten foots runnin I meant feet, I'm in deep like wet pussy I'm a purple heart proven war vet rookie You can't even sit next to me Now bring money or death to me, or don't step to me Now don't step nugga, march with me To the steps of the court buildin, like ain't we God's children? I know at all times Gods feel me So I play my part until the war kill me Salute, or shoot, nigga~! [Lil Wayne - over Chorus] Get that salute out my face I am, a sixteen year veteran I been in this motherfuckin hip-hop war, all my motherfuckin life But I still have that, my life, yeah Young Mula baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Gudda Gudda Album: I Am Not a Human Being Song: I Don't Like the Look of It Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {I DON'T LIKE THE LOOK OF IT  I-I-I-I-I DON'T-I DON'T  I DON'T LIKE THE LOOK OF IT  I-I-I-I-I DON'T-I DON'T} [Gudda Gudda] Go! Okay, I'm sippin on the syrup, got a nigga movin slow I'm all about the money, what the fuck you think I do it fo'? Bitch don't act like you don't know, I'm killin all these rap niggaz Custom made caskets for yo' motherfuckin funeral (ha ha!) Keep the women with me, shit I gotta keep like two or mo' Party everyday, like we won the fuckin Super Bowl Chillin wit my nigga Mack, he keep bitches handy White girl on the table, let 'em sniff the nose candy When I'm walkin by, the women sayin, "Who is that nigga?" I replied, "Hi, I am Gudda Gudda, that nigga!" I was raised in the home of the cap splitters Whip on 24s', watch it crawl like a caterpillar I come with a toy, boy, like a Happy Meal And you's a motherfuckin duck, Daffy Dill I'm from the school of hard knocks, where we scrap and kill Pick the knife or gun or you can get the package deal I'm hot nigga, burnin everything around me I was lost for a minute, took a while but I found me (Gudda!) The streets say I'm king but the game'll never crown me (Gudda!) Realist nigga doin it just ask the niggaz 'round me (GUDDA~!) So you cain't size me up or try to clown, uh Shark in the water, jump in and I'ma drown ya New Orleans nigga, gun out, I'ma down ya Put niggaz to sleep like a muh'fuckin downer I'm a Great White, youse a flounder Fish and a bitch, I tuna eveything around ya (haha!) U-Haul Gudda, movin everything around ya Its Young Money, bitch! At the top is where they found us, nigga! {*echoes*} [Lil Wayne] {*lights lighter, smokes*} Uh.. Goons on deck, Marley don't +shoot+ 'em Silence on the gun, watch a nigga mute 'em The coach in the booth, call me Jon Gruden School these niggas, they all my students All jokes aside, I ain't playin witcha The weed broke down, like a transmission Tha chopper spin him 'round, like a ballerina Bitch I'm still spittin like I ate a jalapeo I'm from uptown, my bitch from Argentina My pockets on +Fat+ like Joey Cartagena Stunt so hard, it's all y'all fault And when it come to beef, give me A1 Sauce I ain't worryin bout shit, everything paid out You could catch me courtside in Dwayne Wade house wit a high yellow thick bitch wit her legs out Cash Money president, but we in a red house Who the fuck want it? Make my fuckin day I blow your candles out, now nigga cut the cake I gotta eat, BEEITCH~! Like a runaway Y'all niggaz ain't eatin, stomach ache Okay, all these bitches, and niggaz still hatin I used to be ballin, but now I'm Bill Gatein Fuckin with my iPhone, bumpin Illmatic I'm on the road to riches, there's just a lil' traffic Hair still platted, thuggin is a habit Keep my guitar, hip-hop Lenny Kravitz Bunch of bad bitches and I fuck 'em like rabbits Dope dick Weezy, ya girlfriend an addict, uh! Haha.. {*plays guitar*} {I DON'T LIKE THE LOOK OF IT} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Sorry 4 the Wait Song: Tunechi's Back Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Lil Wayne] Man, fuck these niggaz.. Tunechi's back! Tunechi's back! That's all these bitches screamin that, Tunechi's back! +All Eyes on Me+, nigga picture I'm rollin Strapped up with that Mac, masked up like a goalie Man, my bitch on that coke, she snorted fo' and a baby Now the bitch owe me, she sellin pussy and pay me They sayin Tunechi's back! Tunechi's back! And I bought them twins with me nigga: Click and Clack, let's go Out on bail, work on the scale Put some change on ya head, boy you on sale Yeah I'll see you in hell, pop-pop get well Make breakfast 'cause I got you walkin on egg shells Zan with that lean, I ain't a beggin motherfucker but nigga please~!  And I aim this motherfucker at yo' memories  and all my niggaz Bloods but we make you niggaz bleed... yeah, Bloody Mary! I'm the one with the money so I ain't the one with the gun All I do is give the word, to the one with the gun I'm triple O.G., Fuc's splittin the Sweet Fuck bitches, get money - mission complete Man fuck these niggasz I ain't worried 'bout 'em These niggaz pure pussy, pull a pearl out 'em Yeah, I got a +Virgin+ I call her Madonna.. But I ain't trippin, her head is a monster! Yeah, we do this f'real Swear to God I never shoot unless I'm shootin to kill Young wild muddahfucker, pop you and a pill Boy instead of writin raps, you should be writin your will You a dead man, I get to poppin this bitch Watch where yo' head land, I ain't right I swear to God  I need my head scanned, stand up and eat that pussy  while she on a head stand, I'm a dog hoe  Camo cargos, semi autos My bitch sniff more lines than a barcode, yeah! Wish I could take a shot of Ciroc with Pac Sorry 4 the Wait 'til my album drop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne  Album: Sorry 4 the Wait Song: Rollin' Freestyle Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Lil Wayne] G5 sittin on the runway Big ass chopper, call that bitch Beyonc This for my dogs locked down all day Money, power, respect - three the hard way I put some real niggaz on they feet, boi So they'll kill anyone for me, boi Yeah, YMCMB, boi Young Tunechi fresh to death, rest in peace, boy My gat bang, yo' hat hang, I ride off with Mack Maine I drink Patron straight, you niggaz keep that champagne My pa is the Birdman, I'm rich as a white man I come to yo' show and kill you and yo' hypeman  We roll in, let's roll out, my bitches don't hold out  They got Marley G, I gotta bond my lil' bro out Let my dreads grow out, my bitch got a blow out "Mi casa, su casa", my house is a hoe house  Only fuck with real niggaz; Polo, fuck that Hilfiger Yeah I'm on a pill nigga, feed you to my lil' niggaz Shout out to my big homies, Fifi and T-Streets Scope on that AK, make me take a sneak peek T, roll another one, razor blade on the tongue You ain't ever seen this watch, nigga this a one of one You niggaz is honey buns, yo' girlfriend a ton of fun Chopper with a drum, motherfucker give the drummer some Plus I light my blunt at them, suck a nigga dick or sum'n? Pop that pussy for me, then wild out and give my niggaz some I'ma do my thing, I put that on Nicki Minaj  I need a bad redbone to come give my dick a massage I'm talkin big money, I'm talkin heavyweight I cut down on the syrup, now I'm in better shape I'm from New Orleans nigga, where you ain't NEVER safe You fuck with me, I drop you off in front of Heaven's gate Oka, jump off a building, jump out a window Smoke like a junkie and fuck like a nympho Drink like a goldfish, that's right you know this Hold up... click-clack, okay I'm reloaded Fuck with Lil Tunechi, I'm good I'm Gucci Wild as Ryu, I hit you with that Hadouken My money too long, nigga; my weed too strong, nigga Fuck EVERYBODY, I'm in my own zone nigga  Uh! And every time you see me, I'm wet and I'm rollin Tunechi rest in peace, fresh to death, and I'm rollin  About to fuck a bitch, I just met 'cause she rollin Nigga we rollin, nigga I'm rollin Gotta keep a towel, I'ma sweat 'cause I'm rollin  Goin' at bitch nigga neck, 'cause I'm rollin Damn ma! I ain't cum yet, 'cause I'm rollin  BITCH~! I'm rolling Young Mula, baby! Sorry 4 the Wait... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Gudda Gudda Album: Sorry 4 the Wait Song: Throwed Off Freestyle Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {Mr. Hanky!} [Gudda Gudda] UH...Uh... UH...Uh... Yeah Okay, I walk up in the club, Louie-Louie's with the cherry bottoms Bad bitch on my arm witta Halle Berry body You know what I do, I, g-get straight to the moolah Wrist-wr-wr-wrist wear frigid and my watch is a Franck Muller I-I'm reppin Young Moolah, G-Gudda times two, I remember when I used to stuff my paper in my shoe box Now I got two large accounts with money stacks and large amounts What the FUCK you niggaz talkin bout 'cause we ain't tryna talk it out Pistol hangin out my jeans - it ain't a thing, let's spark it out Let that chopper start to sing and let it ring and then I'm out, yeah You know what Im sippin, purple got me trippin Scoop ya chicken up and let her lick me like a lizard I'm on South Beach chillin and I'm tryna fuck, ER'RY hottie Get her to the crib and make her fuck ER'RY-body You know the team, it's Young Money over ER'RY-body In the rap game, so it's FUCK ERR'BODY! [Lil Wayne] Married to the mob, bury you alive My girl pussy feel like heaven to a god And I came in this bitch with my niggaz Kidnap the baby and the fuckin babysitter, yah I be doin me, don't give a fuck 'bout whatchu doin Blood gang bitch, big B's, Boston Bruins I could do this shit, eyes closed, nothin to it Bullets fuck ya body up, they ain't even tryna view it I go tough, I go stupid Murk ya pussy ass and everyone you in cahoots with Fuck you with a pool stick, make you swallow tooth picks Fuckin right we ruthless, we done watched too many movies Then smoked too many doobies, murk you out then deuces We don't know what truce is, that bulletproof vest so useless Flag red like bruises, shoot at'cha head with them Uzis I swear, ya Honor, I ain't a dealer, I'm a user, ya dig? I load up the cig, point it at'cha wig Pull over on the highway, throw you off the bridge We don't give a fuck, and we ain't never did Shit, three words you never hear: let 'em live I'm in my own zone, it got me throwed off I break these bitches down, I break these hoes off Lil Tunechi is my name, I got Gudda on the tape Public apology, Sorry 4 the Wait, yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne  Album: Sorry 4 the Wait Song: Gucci Gucci Freestyle Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {"One big room, full of bad..." - *4X*} Sorry 4 the Wait! Yeah! {"One big room, full of bad..." - *4X*} Taz pushed the album back, man.. SORRY! [Lil Wayne] Uh, Fu' got the weed, Marl' got the gun They say numbers don't lie bitch, I'm not the one Hammers in your face, this is not a dream and you gettin every page of this magazine Bumpin UGK, talkin about a +Murder+ We roll the Dr. J and then we light the Julius Erving I got pussy on the way, and pussy on the way out Life is a beach and these hoes tryna lay out Tunechi, Tunechi, tote the toolie, fuck around and pop ya My homies got that white girl, call it Lady Gaga Glock 4-tini, nia colada  Suck, swallow, semen saliva I'm goin at'cha collar, fuck you ho niggaz Weezy go hard, you bitches go figure Diamonds in my teeth like I'm a fuckin dope dealer You're a dead man walkin, Michael Jackson Thriller I'm in one big room, full of bad bitches, YEAAAH~! {"One big room, full of bad..." - *4X*} Uh.. Uh, it goes Tunechi, Tunechi, tote the toolie, fuck around and pop ya My homies got that white girl, call it Lady Gaga Tunechi, Tunechi, tote the toolie, fuck around and pop ya.. Back where I started on my set, in black All chrome Glock lookin like a platinum plaque We don't pack extra clips, we pack extra gats And all my hoes dirty like welcome mats 'Til the wheels fall off, I can fix a flat If ya scared, go to church and get a scripture tat Guns the size of children, now don't be childish Be with wild-ass niggaz, and I am the wildest I'm a motherfucker, call me Weezy, baby And on the end of the barrel, I got a sweet potato My life is a movie, I got a leading lady My rooftop drop back like Tom Brady I got the world in my hands, skateboard and my Vans And all my boys stay strapped like we live in Iran I know what I can do, so bitch I do what I can Drop that Sorry 4 the Wait, man, I'm just sayin I-I'm in one big room, full of bad bitches, YEAH~! HAHA! Aiyyo, I-I, yo..WHOA! Aiyyo, Kreayshawn you can get it! (Sorry 4 the WAIT!) Yo, yo Kreayshawn you can get it.. (BP, I see you) Straight up (Fucci baby) ...You can get it (Mike Banger) Hahaha, by the Golden Gate Bridge, hahaha! Uh-huh... (Scoo-Scoo, what's good) ..by the Golden Gate Bridge! Hood, I see you... AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! (I'm gone) Sorry 4 the Wait... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Sorry 4 the Wait Song: Marvin's Room Freestyle Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Lil Wayne] Uh... Dana texted me and say she wanna see me.. Then send a picture of her in a mirror.. No clothes on, of course..  She want that dope dick; hello world, I'm the dope dealer.. I love it when she talk crazy.. That dick make her walk crazy.. That last time was awesome.. All the lines, we crossed them.. I ain't a killer, but don't push me I OJ Simpson that pussy Hehe, that's the shit  Pussy taste so good make you smack ya lips I don't know about you, but I'm a beast with mine She said she waitin for "Tha Carter 69" Heh, I told her "Sorry 4 The Wait" I value her time like an Audemars-Piguet And we gon' stay current like the water in the lake Yeah, we gon' fuck around like we fuckin in a circle Heh, pardon the slur, that's the purple It feel so real like it's virtual Any kind of position, she's versatile Man, she take it every way except personal, haha Yeah, that's my bitch  Pussy wetter than a wishing well, I wish  I was in it right now instead of makin this song Hut one, hut two, I run it in the end zone Don't trip when I say I cain't see ya And she say she workin on her career Smoke got our eyes lookin like we from Korea We floatin, but I'ma +Rock the Boat+ like Aaliyah  R.I.P., shawty got me But shawty knows I fucks her with her hard body Shawty fine by me, spend some time by me It's a jungle out there, come and climb my tree I know it's on your mind...fine...  And we can do whatever that is She tell me that it's fine... I say fine...  Shit, I was taught to live and let live  So gon' live it up baby, giddyup baby It's your world, ain't tryin to interrupt, but maybe we movin too fast, but fuck it let's crash One day we gonna have to leave our love in the past But for now, I feel lovely, I feel great Slide in her -- safe Hehe yeah-yeah, all that good shit No I ain't a player, I just play her by the bush And I know what I'm doing and she love how I do it  She throw that ass back and she never over-do it  She call me baby and I call her bay  Sorry 4 the Wait, "Carter IV" on the way~! August 29... Hehahah! Yeah.. Fuck with me Drizzy, gone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Sorry 4 the Wait Song: Sure Thing Freestyle Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Lil Wayne] Uh, kush and a Swisher, money over bitches Never kill a woman, unless she a witness All about my business, survival of the fittest She let me hide my weed in her titties Bitch, I got the cash... in a rubberband I got the Glock... already cocked - BOOM Fuckin witta nigga, meet my muddahfuckin goons Sorry 4 the Wait, Carter IV comin soon Light it up... 'cause I'ma smoker She tried to deep throat, I fucked around and choked her It's Young Money muddahfucker game over Shots leave your body lookin like you doin yoga And Lord knows I am a sinner, pain pills for dinner Bitch I'm gettin money like I got a money printer Got a chopper and a trimmer, shootin like Jimmer You comin in that water boy, you better be a swimmer I ain't worryin 'bout y'all, I'm sittin in my hog While Ms. Anita Baker say +You Bringing Me Joy+ I came straight outta jail and did my thing on these boys And we all yell, "FUCK YOU BITCH!"and kept goin I'm on... and that's right, baby I ain't goin out this bitch without a fight, baby One request, please don't bite, baby I got some bomb-ass pussy from a white lady I ain't lyin, I'ma shine like a nickel or a diamond I smoke a lot of weed to keep them bitches off of my mind Girl... stop talkin that shit Gon' suck a nigga dick for a new outfit ...And even if the sky come fallin ...Bitch I'ma still be high I got faith in my weed. man But lil' niggaz got yay by the bean bag Hit yo' ass from the side like a screen pass And that red bandana is the team flag Yeaaaah, all up in ya fucking face 'Tez pushed the album back, sorry 4 the Wait Yeah, yeah, yeah.. Uh-huh... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Lil B Album: Sorry 4 the Wait Song: Gangsta Party Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Lil Wayne] I got a whole lotta money, pop that pussy for me My homie got that yopper, he'll bang it at a copper Ay! Gangsta party, gangsta party, gangsta party Stove on my waist, cook yo' ass up - gourmet All-black .44, do you want fo'play? I'm goin at your face like Oil of Olay No champagne, but you know my flag Ros Swagger on steroids -- Canseco, Jos No Limit Records, we so +Bout It, Bout It+ I'm higher than a bitch, feel like I climbed a fuckin mountain Illest nigga you know, my accountant's still countin Shot hit him a minute ago, but his body's still bouncin Beam on the hammer, beam on ya forehead Gotta kill the witnesses 'cause Birdman car red Hollygrove Monster, Eagle Street creature Come to your funeral, kill everybody but the preacher I live in Miami, nigga I'll South Beach ya Robin Leach, uh, THAT'S how we ballin You know that I'm loaded, but please don't think it's sweeter Beat one of you bitch niggaz up like John Cena Them hoes on Young Money, tell them hoes we comin Boy, we get it poppin, we ain't savin hoes, we swappin Yeah, gangsta party, gangsta party, gangsta party Big head Desert Eagle, call it shotty How'd you get that money? Stunna taught me that That Zan took me under, patron brought me back I'm leanin on these muddahfuckers like I caught a flat And that Glock snap back like a old Starter hat, HA~! What the lick read? I'm in the big league I'm a breath of fresh air, let the bitch breathe! I'm tryna to chillax but I had to do it, death I'm at the funeral like "I had to do it, Rev!" Mack you my big brother, I split a wig for you Put that on their repeat, until they bury me Moment of clarity, yeah that's my diamond game I keep a fine bitch, 'cause I like the finer things He-haha! ...Fuck with me slime No brain on the whip, I've got nothin in mind, haha Carter IV! They ain't fuckin with mine I drop that "Sorry 4 the Wait" to make up for the time, YEA! [Lil B] Yeah I do my thang, bitch what's up? Young Based God, came in with the ballers Iced-out chain, bitch, I'm rich off that same shit Sixty-five hoes on my dick, bitch it's Christmas Straight Westside, Bay Area bitch I'll grave em Pretty boy shit, Based God from the angles On like a cradle and you niggaz can't stop me Shouts out to Mack Maine, gettin rich and cocky Bitch it's still Westside, shouts out to Weezy Young Based God with that fifty-five heater 187 bitch, I-I pull a 2-11 bitch With that tiny shirt mayne, and that...tiny pants mayne (Meow...swag!) I'm on Based World and I fuck wit, Cash Money niggaz Don't understand man, the game like a chain, mayne That WOO! WOO! Swag, bitch! Brr-rang-dang-dang-dang mayne Bruh, off the top, I'm a Wolfpack hitter Man, my life just a painting, and I, paint you a picture, mayne Think about it. a young paid-ass nigga This that stuntin music, yeah bitch, I just dos it It's Lil B, and I'll muh'fuckin prove it, we run it! (Swag!) Manye, shouts out to Lil Wayne, baby (Shouts out to New Orleans!)  I can't believe niggaz gettin money down there FUCK with me! SWAG! (Weezy, I see you, what it do?) Motherfucker party with bitches mayne, what it do? (EH-HEHEHEHEHEH!) Yeah... Ayyyyy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Sorry 4 the Wait Song: Racks Freestyle Typed by: AZ Lyrics I can't fuck with hoe niggaz I can't trust these hoes neither Wake up early in the morning Eat that pussy like cold pizza Hater ass niggaz be baller blocking Acting like some goalkeepers There's a reason for everything but My niggaz kill for no reason Camo shorts for the whole beater All-black hoodie, I'm Grim Reaper Look like its time for spring cleaning Brand new spanking street-sweeper Been in the game, I'm knee-deep I like good head, I like good reefer All my niggaz strapped and ready To set it off: Queen Latifah Got a chopper with a drum Split Swishers with my thumb Get money like Donald Trump Double barrel on that pump This kush I got ain't no chump Get stupid and get stomped Two girls I call criss Kross Kriss Kross'll make you jump Gotta do what a nigga gotta do Got goons  I ain't even gotta shoot Got a bunch of bad bitches by the pool I like my bitches in twos Gotta go, I stick it and move G Code: I stick to the rules Last night I got so high I Swear to God, I went to the moon I want that shit you can't get no where You pussy boy, don't go there If I don't do nothing, I'ma ball No hair. Smoking on that "oh yeah" My niggaz tote that hardware What you bout woadie? My niggaz about that warfare Real nigga since day one Cause I ain't promised day two Throw that pussy at me Bitch, I think I'm Babe Ruth Drop top Maybach on the way Yeah that's that new Land-o-Lakes She hit me with her jungle I'm gonna hit her with that rattle snake Guns clap like patty cake Blood gang red bandana face Make them pussies pop theyself You can call that "masturbate" I don't front no fabricate I get high, I gravitate Weezy F Baby bitch The F is for Fascinate Louisiana from that swamp I'mma pull this bitch out and dump Better run like Forrest Gump F-ck you and where you from 3-2 I am the one: job well done I ball 24/7, 3 6 5, 12 months Put some redbone, put some caramel Come to Wayne's World, it's a fairy tale Yeah I'm high bitch, bitch I para-sail Carter 4 is late, sorry for the wait The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Sorry 4 the Wait Song: Hands Up (My Last) Freestyle Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Lil Wayne] {*lights lighter*} Yeah... Uh, let's get fucked up On the road to riches, you're just a speed bump Funny how the heater make a nigga freeze up We smoke a tree down 'til it's just a tree stump That Eastside nigga, bang on you bitches I'm goin at'cha neck, strangle you bitches Got a long-ass list full of bad-ass bitches and I stay burned out like a bad transmission I'm on, like the lights I lights up The kush knocked out, Mike Tyson fights I'm talkin 'bout ass and titties, Sex and the City Weezy F. Baby and the F is for "Forget it" I'm lovin my shine, sippin on fine wine Up in some fine dime, then she give me Einstein Young Money muddahfucker, yeah we picked a fine time I'm a 17 nigga, bitch I don't mind dyin, man I just ended up on, er'ry bitch's sex list Genie in the bottle, get a motherfuckin deathwish Thugga in this bitch, he say, "Fuck y'all niggaz" Breakin buds down the size of a football nigga Red beam, +Gimme the Light+, no Sean Paul, nigga Let nina bust in ya face like a porn star nigga Yeah I keep the Brian Pumper, no homo The shit I'm on got the world moving in slo-mo Man, I told Mack I was gon' do it Above the law, but under the influence Man, I was on the skateboard, kick push swagger Got my girl to the room, got behind her like a shadow I had her, ass up in the air I swear I got, I sweart I got the largest clip in the world Right here in my gat, yah And I wish a nigga play, I'ma bust a nigga ass Hate Young Money? Then fuck you in the ass 187, and a hockey mask, haha!  YMCMB gonna ball, 'til we fall  And this fuck all y'all, haha Gonna ball til we fall, and this fuck all y'all We straight, Sorry 4 the Wait Yah! I'm foolin in this bitchm, yeah... Shout out to my nigga Term, shout out my lil brother Carpo Shout out to the big homie Gash, shout out to my nigga Minnish Shout to my nigga Top Dog, my nigga Jay, yeah.. Uh... Five, I see you, metter fact I be you, nigga Yeah... Shout out to all my amus, you already know what it is If you under the fire.. Fuck with me Yah! Swag stupid man...Stupid mack-nupid, man.. "CARTER IV" COMING SOON, YEAAAAH~!! Sorry 4 the Wait, Sorry 4 the Wait Detail, I be you nigga..Hands up in the air I just want the-I just want the  Baddest bitch in the world, right here on my lap, yeaaah Hah! Fuck witta nigga man. It's Young Money 'til I die We run this shit... CATCH UP, NIGGAZ! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Sorry 4 the Wait Song: Sorry 4 the Wait Typed by: AZ Lyrics Ain't nobody fuckin with me First degree murder, you can get your degree Motherfucker And you ain't gotta wonder 'bout me wonder woman Tune gonna ball, money tall, Paul Bunyan Real nigga shit, pussy niggaz gon hate Pound of the Kush call that bitch pound cake I hit it from the back And make that bitch about face And then I gotta split I'm sorry baby, sour grapes She wine, baby don't leave I duck that bullshit, bob and weave Everybody tripping, but I ain't never tripping Leave your ass flatter than my new television I'm talking about money and the power Power and the money This shit is magic Stan Van Gundy Ima run this shit till I'm the last man runnin Mack light that shit, then pass that to me Young Money motherfucker yeah We the shit, yeah Weezy go hard like Cialis Don't love that bitch, I fucked that ho She pop X I smoke O's tic-tac-toe And I stink cause I got alot of shit on my mind They say numbers don't lie, is that a 6 or a 9? I stand infront of the clock Cause I'm ahead of the time Knock your pussy ass off And send your head to your mom I ain't playing with niggaz, no sir not me And they can't blindfold what my third eye see Yeah I was locked up, but like a bird I'm free And the coupe transform, no Tyrese Hello Goodbye, where are you Wayne? I'm somewhere inbetween joy and pain And I reach for the stars, got stuck in the clouds Got high as a bitch and left my love on the ground Now ain't that about a bitch? It ain't never about a bitch Ill take your bitch and make her everybody bitch Backed up by a bunch of G ass niggaz And I just bought your girlfriend some knee pads nigga Eagle street where the real niggaz hung Ima rep that shit till Kingdom come Yeah Sharp brang the drank, I bring the blunts Fucking with me its blood, brains or guts Fuck yall for real though Sleep with the hammer under the pillow Get into the room, bend her over like her elbows Soon as I'm done peel off like velcro, Gone Baby I'm stoned, smoking on the strong Got a huge ass bong, swag off the hook You can't use that phone Stopped at the light and put my roof back on One time for the G's, the niggaz got it lock'd The niggaz with the keys, The niggaz on the block The niggaz on they P's and Q's Put your bitch ass on the evening news Jumping in the game better read the rules High as a bitch yeah that's me on the moon Fuck with me die soon, not late And I'm sorry for the motherfucking wait Tunechi The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Flow, Raw Dizzy, Thugga Album: Sorry 4 the Wait Song: Inkredible Remix Freestyle Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Thugga] I pop some Percocets Then I pop some Xanax Sitting back, strapped, cocked Plotting on your man next Jack a nigga for his work And stretch it like some Spandex He hesitate, I spray and leave him Like a Tampex  oops, I meant a Tampax Bitch, I keep that anthrax I can get your man wacked, for a couple Tan packs Shoot off your Sedan lap Nigga, I demand stacks I ain't playing, black Bitch, I be spraying Macks All type of guns with accessories I'm like Cosby for the bills I need mills like Stephanie Pussy niggaz can't stand next to me I've got dope and ecstasy Keep em floating like both of the levees breached 80s baby but my soul from the 70s Worldwide game like a travelled the 7 seas Niggaz ain't OG, scary lil bitch, please Tune ate pussy in the can.. Frisky [Raw Dizzy] I got 10 up on my pinky ring and 20 on my bracelet Now these niggaz kissing ass, but they can't say shit I'm just here to separate the real from the fake shit I told you, I was coming n I'm sorry for the wait I gotta get this money Mane, it's right here in my face I got the Devil on my back I don't wanna be up in that place My mom tell me to be safe I just keep running in these streets I can't stop fuckin with these hoes But I say I'm just doing me Bitch, I'm a 9th Ward nigga Mason street, D&G That Flordia right by the D they need to free my nigga B I ain't the type of person to be running from no beef Those fucking guns are gonna be bursting Somebody knocked off their feet So watch your fucking mouth Before you end up on that floor and stop Acting like you're hard cause You know you've been a ho I told you out the gate I'm not the fake I gotta say it, please excuse Almost forgot I'm all Dizzy by the way [Flow] Money over bitches, bitch I'm coming for the check Vampire living, bitch I'm coming for your neck Raw! I'm sharp, my swagger like an X I'm a motherfucking monster I rap like I'm possessed Call me Mr. Still Smoking, smoke it in a paper The game is a bitch, hold her down and rape her Yes I am a Blood but I be wylin' with my skaters We probably smoking flavors bumping Tyler the Creator I'm a Eastside native, all my niggaz Soo Woopin' They went crazy when they heard I had a song With Lil Tunechi, bitch! Get some ice and pour my Sprite And light my bong and my doobies Fuck your producer I'm the one that be producing my music I'm a hippie surrounded by a lot of pot Pot is in me Drop ya like an Otterbox Sleeping on me like I'm rapping with a blanket Kill a nigga have him thinking that he planking [Lil Wayne] All-red plaid shirt, skinny ass jeans on Them goons at your front door, choppers out: "ding dong!" Didn't I change the game and put my motherfucking team on Now let my chopper ring "Baka!" is my ringtone Fuck you ho-ass niggaz, I get money and get over hoes We hold court with them heaters "Pop!" case open/closed Looking for a bitch to hop up on my totem pole And my blunt be stupid-fat, double-stuffed  Oreos I get loaded til I motherfucking overload Been rapping, flows still tight like aerobic's clothes Ask them bitches, I told em hoes They back it up like Sunnydrive and Bronx Tale Cologero Lighter in my pocket, light the sky rocket Pull em hammers out and run them nigga's like Stocktons Got some niggaz from my city Thugga, Dizzy, Flow Sorry 4 the Wait, coming soon, Carter IV, beyotch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter IV Song: Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Ha ha~! Uhh Man fuck them bitches, and them hoes And them niggaz pussies, heh, camel toes I got some money on me, and the weed nice My shit won't ever stop, suck my green light Bitch it's Carter IV, murder's all she wrote Now it's fuck everybody, like a Scorpio Still runnin shit, I'm on my cardio Boy I'm goin in, like my water broke Suicide note, suicide doors I put in overtime, like a tied score Tinted windows bitch, that mean mind yours And the weed loud, like a lion's roar Stare into the eyes, the eyes of forever Hear no evil, see no evil - Helen Keller No music on, rock it acapella And I don't need a watch, the time is now or never Tell my niggaz love, I die behind this shit A nigga countin money, you niggaz counterfeit Real nigga, nigga - proud of what I am Young Money is an army, bitch I'm Uncle Sam Them hoes call me Tunechi, mama call me Tune' I left the bullshit, in the waitin room Straight to the money, no short cuts Now watch me go retarded, yellow short bus We do drive-bys, we do walk-ups and bitch I be so high, I get star struck Millz in this bitch, he said fuck them hoes And the jewelry bright, like summer clothes And I keep some +Bud+, like Rudy Huxtable I'm bout to slam the beat, nigga Dusty Rhodes I'm from Eagle Street, I go Hercules I get on the beat, murder first degree Y.M.C.M.B., we don't give a fuck You faker than some titties, you get tittie fucked Ha~! This the best-worst feelin And nigga if I die I die a death worth livin Uhh... this that textbook G shit I've been in that water but I've never been sea sick Yeah, knock me I knock your face off Life's a crazy bitch - Grace Jones Mind of a genius, with a heart of stone Ha! C4, Mr. Carter's home {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter IV Song: Blunt Blowin Typed by: stillswish@yahoo.com [Lil Wayne] I live it up like these are my last days If time is money, I'm an hour past paid Ughh, gunpowder in my hourglass Niggaz faker than some flour in a powder bag Yeah, I put it down like my hands hurtin I'm on a natural high, but I land perfect Some of us are lovers, most of y'all haters But I put up a wall, and they just wallpaper So love or hate me, I stay hate-free They say we learn from mistakes, that's why they mistake me I got some weight on my shoulders, to me it's like feathers All hail Weezy, call it bad weather I stick to the script, I memorize the lines 'Cause life is a movie that I've seen too many times You're on the outside lookin in, close the blinds And they say never say never, but fuck it never mind I've been gone too long True or false, right or wrong Hello Weezy, welcome home I'm a blunt blowin', Polo draws showin' I don't give a lovely motherfuck ass nigga With my money growin, no matter where you goin You don't need a bus pass, for me to bust your ass nigga I'm a blunt blowin', Polo draws showin' I don't give a lovely motherfuck ass nigga With my money blowin, don't matter I got more and You don't need a bus pass, for me to bust your ass nigga [Lil Wayne] Stunna, I got em, I'm back on them bitches All about my riches, my name should be Richard Cut the bullshit out, I'm ample with the scissors Life is a choice, and death is a decision Times have changed, but fuck it get a new watch I still got the vision like a line between two dots Young Money's eatin, the label gettin fatter And yeah, the tables turned, but I'm still sittin at 'em I'm a bad motherfucker, cuz the good die young Everybody sellin dreams, I'm too cheap to buy one Man when that cookie crumble, everybody want a crumb Shoot that humming bird down, humming bird don't hum, yeah Big money, big money, deep pockets Money talks and muh'fuckers eavesdroppin Bunch of bloods, you could call it blood clottin East side, my Parodamo [Chorus 2] I'm a blunt blowin, Polo draws showin I don't give a lovely motherfuck ass nigga With my teeth glowin, I'm on my Deebowin' You don't need a bus pass, for me to bust your ass nigga I'm a blunt blowin, Polo draws showin I-I don't give a lovely motherfuck ass nigga With my money blowin, no matter where you goin You don't need a bus pass, for me to bust your ass nigga [Verse 3] Light that Ashton Kutcher, I'm a limit pusher Y'all dead meat, and me I'm just a butcher I do it for the money, man I am such a hooker And freedom was my girl, until they fuckin took her You can look into the future, it's right behind your eyelids But I don't wanna know, 'cause shit I like surprises Why that, why this, why you on that why shit? Motherfucker ask me why, I say YM Beach bum, call me ocean drive slim Drop the top, look up and make the sky grim Young Moolah, skinnies and some supras Belly of the beast till it puke us Muh'fucker [Chorus 2] [Outro] I've been gone too long True or false, right or wrong [repeat 3x] Hello Weezy, welcome home It's Young Moolah, baby Young Moolah, baby Bitch I've been gone too long True or false, right or wrong Hello Weezy, welcome home... YEAH The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter IV Song: MegaMan Typed by: itssergio@gmail.com [Verse 1 - Lil Wayne] Faded off the kush I'm gone Only 2 years old when daddy used to bring them hookers home Looking like my grandmaw, my niggas got that ammo We jack son then light up that "L", Samuel Tucci in this bitch nigga, y'all niggas bitch niggas Rats gone rat and snakes gone hiss nigga Baseball rich nigga, do this shit for all my homies Where them bad bitches at? Come and put that pussy on me Tucci you a murderer, boy you just be killing shit Yeah you know that money talk, I am the ventriloquist Tranquilizer in the trunk, put your ass to sleep man Birdman Jr. got the world in my wingspan How you niggas want it? Have it your way, Burger King I get deep in that pussy, dig her out, surgery Fucking with a real nigga, fucking right, certainly Break in your fucking home, take your life, burglary Woah nigga, die slow nigga, for dear life you're holding on En Vogue nigga Unload nigga, reload nigga, tools on deck, Home Depot nigga Well if life is a bitch, then mine a gold digger And all my bitches nasty like a cold dinner Everyday I go so hard and work my ass off I'm good, I'm 100 like a fastball It's Carter 4! (I'm going back in man) (Yeah) [Verse 2 - Lil Wayne] We get fuck y'all money, how you want to play it? That AK sleep on the side of my bed That's one eye closed, one eye open Your cap get peeled like I-B-Profen I'm sick, I'm ill, I ain't the nigga to fuck with This a crazy world and life is shorter than Bushwick Young Money man we got this shit by a land slide Boy I send them bloods at your ass like a tampon Uptown shit, wet the whole party, Weezy gone ball Ball like Steve Harvey, the heater I'm a tuck her Tuck her like D. Lawrence, that's my word like, word like the-saurus I don't see no future in your fronting, I be stunting hard Rap game dependent on me like a bungee cord Fear nobody but God almighty Shoot that motherfucker till I get arthritis I'm a beast, I'm a ass, I'm ahead of my class I'm a diamond in the rough like a baby in the trash I don't talk it, I live it. I paint a picture vivid And them pistols popping like they sitting in a skillet I go so hard, I go so mean, I'm so New Orleans Told the judge I couldn't budge, it was him or me Forget the bullshit and remember me (*laugh*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Cory Gunz Album: Tha Carter IV Song: 6 Foot 7 Foot Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] Six foot, seven foot, eight foot, bunch! Six-six foot, seven foot, eight foot, bunch! [Lil Wayne] Excuse my charisma, vodka with a spritzer Swagger down pat, call my shit Patricia Young Money militia, and I am the commissioner Yadon't want start Weezy cause the F is for Finisher So misunderstood, but what's a world without enigma? Two bitches at the same time, synchronized swimmers Got the girl twisted cause she open when you twist her Never met the bitch, but I fuck her like I missed her Life is the bitch, and death is her sister Sleep is the cousin what a fuckin family picture You know Father Time, and we all know Mother Nature It's all in the family but I am of no relation No matter who's buyin, I'm a celebration Black and white diamonds, fuck segregation Fuck that shit, my money up, you niggaz just Honey Nut Young Money runnin shit and you niggaz just runner-ups I don't feel I done enough so I'ma keep on doin this shit Lil Tunechi or Young Tunafish... [Lil Wayne] Yeah.. I'm goin back in, okay I lost my mind, it's somewhere out there stranded I think you stand under me, if you don't understand me Had my heart broken by this woman named Tammy But hoes gon' be hoes so I couldn't blame Tammy Just talked to moms, told her she the sweetest I beat the beat up, call it self defense Swear man I be seein through these niggaz like sequins Niggaz think they He-Men, pow, pow, the end Talkin to myself because I am my own consultant Married to the money, fuck the world, that's adultery You full of shit, you close your mouth and let yo' ass talk Young Money eating, all you haters do is add salt Stop playin bitch, I got this game on deadbolt Mind so sharp, I fuck around and cut my head off Real nigga, all day and tomorrow But these muh'fuckers talkin crazy like they jaw broke Glass half empty, half full I'll spill ya Try me and run into a wall outfielder You know I'ma ball 'til they turn off the field lights The fruits of my labor, I enjoy 'em while they still ripe Bitch stop playin, I do it like a king do If these niggaz animals, then I'ma have a mink soon Tell them bitches I say put my name on the wall I speak the truth, but I guess that's a foreign language to y'all And I call it like I see it... and my glasses on But most of y'all don't get the picture 'less the flash is on Satisfied with nothin, you don't know the half of it Young Money, Cash Money... Paper chasin tell that paper look I'm right behind ya Bitch real G's move in silence like lasagna People say I'm borderline crazy, sorta kinda Woman of my dreams, I don't sleep so I can't find her You niggaz are gelatin, peanuts to an elephant I got through that sentence like a subject and a predicate Yeah, with a swag you would kill for Money too strong, pockets on bodybuilder Jumped in a wishin well, now wish me well Tell them kiss my ass~! Call it kiss and tell [Cory Gunz] Yeahhhhh Word to my mama I'm outta my lima bean Don't wanna see what that drama mean, get some Dramamine Llama scream, hotter than summer sun on a Ghana queen Now all I want is hits, bitch, Wayne signed a fiend I-I played the side for you niggaz that's tryin to front and see Son of Gunz, Son of Sam, you niggaz the son of me! Pause for this dumber speech, I glow like Buddha Disturb me, and you'll be all over the flow like Luda' Bitch I flow like scuba, bitch I'm bold like Kiva And I keep a killer hoe, she gon' blow right through ya I be macking 'bout my stackin and now I pack like a mover Shout to Ratchet for backin out on behalf of my shooter Niggaz think they high as I, I come laugh at your ruler Cash Money cold bitch, but our actions is cooler Wayne, these niggaz out they mind I done told these fuck niggaz so many times That I keep them bucks steady on my mind Tuck these, I fuck these on your mind, pause to feed them on my grind, did I get a little love? Keep throwin my sign in the middle Hit 'em up, piece on my side Cause ain't no peace on my side - bitch~! I'm a man, I visit urinals abroad Tune tell me to I'm shootin when the funeral outside [Cory Gunz - over Chorus] I'm Uptown, thoroughbred, a BX nigga, ya heard? Gunna The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter IV Song: Nightmares of the Bottom Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Sleepin at the top, nightmares of the bottom Everybody want to be fly til you swat 'em But who am I to talk? I ain't shittin roses We in the same picture but we all got different poses Now I'm lookin in my rearview; I see the world in it I try to slow down, and I get rear ended Pause! Like a red light I'm dead right +Highway to Heaven+, God do you see my headlights? They say you don't know what you're doin 'til you stop doin it Well call me clueless cause I do this Attention all shooters, I'm a shootin star Life is a course, and I'ma shoot for par Searchin for today, instead I found tomorrow And I put that shit right back man I'll see what I find tomorrow Young Money CMR, blood like a scar Weezy F baby and the F ain't for Flaw, uhhh Uhh! Yup, yup, yup, yup [Lil Wayne] It's like I have it all, but I don't have to worry Married to the money, a true love story Only God can judge me, I don't need a jury Nothing standin in my way like nothing's my security Back to my journey, that bullshit don't concern me If I knew I was going to jail I would have fucked my attorney If you sleepin on me nigga, then I hope you toss and turnin I'm so cold I'm hypothermic, ask your bitch she will confirm it Yeah~! Now what we doin with it? Keep openin your grill, I'm barbecuin with it I know my shit already tight so I ain't screwin with it Some say this game is a joke, well I hope they get it Okay I'm walkin on needles, stickin to the point Yeah the streets is talkin I'm familiar with the voice I'm a gangster by choice I hope my sons choose wiser And don't call me sir, call me sur-vivor, uhh Yeah! Uhh... hehehe Yup! Yup! Yup! Yup! [Lil Wayne] Uhh, call me killer cause I make a killin I got this shit wrapped up, bow and a ribbon That's them twin Glocks, you could call 'em siblings And them bullets travel, better hope I keep dribblin I touch the sky, get the clouds out my fingernails These bitches think they fly like Tinkerbell But they all on my +Wire+ like Stringer Bell I let 'em be, cause you know how that stinger feel Know how to whip that white girl, I can spank her tail And I fuck up any track - train derail Know how to roll, never need trainin wheels And when the truth hurts, I pop pain pills Uhh, all or nothin or nothin else I bleed reality; I should cut myself Just had a bowl of riches, and a cup of wealth And the F is for +Fuck Yourself+ Uhh! Yeah, and I ain't doin nuttin but gettin my share, breathin this air And Mack moms told me she gonna keep me in her prayers So I'm feelin alright, I'm tryin to stay aware And if you wanna trip, then I'ma meet you there To my niggaz in the game, keep the game fair Players play, coaches coach, and cheerleaders cheer I'm tryin to keep spirit when the ghosts disappear Weezy F baby and the F ain't for fear, uhh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Drake Album: Tha Carter IV Song: She Will Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {*lights lighter*} Young Money, yeah... 4... [Lil Wayne] {*clears throat*} I tell her... "Now gon' pop that pussy for a real nigga" I already know that life is deep, but I still dig her Niggaz is jealous, but really I could care less I'm in Hell's Kitchen with an apron and a hairnet Devil on my shoulder, The Lord is my witness So on my Libra scale, I'm weighin sins and forgiveness What goes around comes around like a hula hoop Karma is a bitch, well just make sure that bitch is beautiful Life on the edge, I'm danglin my feet I tried to pay attention but attention paid me Haters can't see me, nose-bleed seats and today I went shoppin, and talk is still cheap I rock to the beat of my drum set I've been at the top for a while and I ain't jump yet, hehe But I'm, Ray Charles to the bullshit Now jump up on that dick and do a full split  (Uh!) [Chorus: Drake] ...She just started to pop it for a nigga  and looked back, told me "Baby, it's real" ...And I say, "I ain't doubt you for a second"  I squeeze it, I could tell how it feel ...I wish we could take off and go anywhere  but here, baby you know the deal But she bad, so maybe she won't  Uh~! But shit, then again, maybe she will Yeah, do it for the realest niggaz in the fuckin game right now, she will Yeah, do it for the realest niggaz in the fuckin game right now, she will She will, she will, (uh) maybe for the money and the power and the fame right now, she will She will, she will, (uh) do it for the realest niggaz in the fuckin game right now, she will She will, she will, she will... [Lil Wayne] (Yeah...) I tell her... "Now gon' pop that pussy for a real nigga" Haters cain't see me but them bitches still lookin for me And you could take it to the bank, and deposit that Put your two cents inm and get a dollar back Some people hang you out to dry like a towel rack I'm all about +I+, give the rest of the vowels back I like my girl thick, not just kinda fine Eat her 'til she cry, call that "wine and dine" Try to check me and I'ma have 'em checkin pulses They say choose wisely, that's why I was chosen Rockin like asphalt, it's the cash's fault Looked in the face of death, and took its mask off Now I like my house big and my grass soft I like my girl face south, and her ass north But I'm, Ray Charles to the bullshit Now hop up on that dick and do a full split  (Uh!) {*lights lighter*} [Wayne] Ladies and gentlemen, Drizzy (Uh!) [Chorus w/ Wayne "WOOOOOOW" ad-libs] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ T-Pain Album: Tha Carter IV Song: How 2 Hate Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [T-Pain] Ohhh yeahhhhhhhhh! Oh-hooooo Oh-hoh, oh-hooooooooo Nooooo you didn't girl... She owes me everything and she knows it I've seen all of the scenes in this movie and she blows it at the end She keeps talkin to me, cause she knows that I'm a friend But I can't keep hearin it over and over again I was the one that you came to when you broke up wit'cha boyfriend, man fuck him Girl I was the one, that told you fuck them other niggaz Then you still went and fucked them other niggaz Most people learn from the bad things I hope that you learn, and don't crash and burn in the fast lane But if you read this letter then you caught me This should explain all the ways that you taught me [Chorus: T-Pain] How to hate a bitch, that owe you everythang At least a wedding rang, movin on to better thangs So don't you call me talkin 'bout them other fools I'm not good enough for you I thought that we was cool Wooo! Ohh-ahh, oh-oh-ahhhh Ohh-ahh, oh-oh-ahhh If you need a shoulder to cry on girl I won't listen I'm through fuckin with these bitch-ass bitches [Lil Wayne] And I don't love them hoes But don't fuck up with Wayne cause when it "Waynes" it pours No really, I'm on my "fuck that bitch" shit You used to be the shit but now you ain't shit bitch I had a redbone, but she be trippin though All that bullshit is for the birds, she was pigeontoed She used to always say, fuck my niggaz And when I went to jail, she fucked my niggaz Well~! I guess I'm single for tonight And you can sit right on my middle finger for the night And if I sound mad, then you caught me But this should explain, that you're the one that taught me [Lil Wayne] ... Coconut Ciroc Forgive and forget, bitch I already forgot I'm over the bitch, and she over the top They say love is the key, somebody changed the lock Well~! And I wish I never met ya And I heard you doin you, and you heard I'm doin better And all I had to do was put two and two together But that just makes four, but not for-ever, damn So much for being the perfect couple I put in overtime, I was workin doubles I wish you the best - good luck boo Weezy F, for Fuck You [T-Pain] No ain't nothin goin on Girl I'm movin on, just take yo' ass home Get away from here, girl I'm so glad you're gone This is the last song I'm writin for you Now I see how you can be I don't want you 'round me All you do is down me girl How many years I tried to get ya Don't even text my phone when it hit ya Cause girl you're no good to me [Outro: T-Pain] Whoaaaaa, ohhh, ohhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Lil Wayne f/) Andre 3000, Tech N9ne Album: Tha Carter IV Song: Interlude Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Carter IV, it's on [Tech N9ne] Heart's what it is, watch what the kid drops I'ma get the prop if you're not with the biz Not only other regions I really popped at the crib So hatin motherfuckers you better stop with the jibs All for the dibs but I'm boss it don't matter what the cost when I live right across from the Wiz The Killer City will have a nigga lost in the Mids Doin nothin but mothers stackin pussy coffin again What is happenin is a merger, different levels of murder Lil Weezy cook it and I'ma serve her Further, guess what I'ma go do wit this women when we're eatin Gerber? Mama said to kill 'em all and I heard her Thank you baby for what became Lil Wayne It's gettin all the people knowin the Strange in the game I been really able to hang in the fame But when he shouted my name there's been a change in my lane {*grrr*} I'm a clusterfucker lovin nothin but to get your brain And I be stuck in lust and quick to bust a nut and take a nigga's dame with no shame Well they be bustin nothin thinkin they thuggin tough but never do knuckle up, you in the game, you bang You drunk and touchin everythang, you lame Sucker, you cannot sustain the rain Tech N9ne is such a cuckoo in this Ballin nigga, Strange Music, Coupe through Swishers I know a lot of you probably, never knew who this is Well you listenin to Tecca Nina, soo woo bid'ness~! [Andre 3000] Today I feel electric gray, I hope tomorrow neon black I tell a nigga all those flows are borrowed It's the phar-aoh, Three Stacks I woke up in Cai-ro, lookin at stars So bright in the sky I thought they were marbles No car do's, what'cha call those? A whole car load, of raw hoes; in a Jeep Defender Please remember, don't feed the Simba Three's a symbol like nobody He's a symbol of what's safari Pulled her ponytail to my body She's the only girl that was smart e- -nough to call me, Mr. Benjamin in the middle of a wild party Skin was cinnamon, I pound it harder How come the only girls that are thought of are the light ones? Well tonight then We gon' do it, do it, do it for the dark ones It's important, that you are more than welcome to Tha, Carter IV and Y'all enjoy it, I will go 'head And I'll kiss y'all on y'all forehead Out! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Rick Ross Album: Tha Carter IV Song: John (If I Die Today) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com "Just saw an alien saucer approaching from the sky.  Radio contact has been attempted, but cannot be established.  Instructions are prepare for an attack by an unknown imminent." [Lil Wayne] Uh... Fo' fo' bulldog, my muh'fuckin pet I point it at you and tell that muh'fucker fetch I'm fuckin her good, she got her legs on my neck I get pussy, mouth, and ass, call that bitch triple threat When I was in jail she let me call her collect But if she get greedy, I'ma starve her to death Top down, it's upset Been fuckin the world and nigga I ain't cum yet You fuck wit me wrong, I knock your head off your neck The flight too long, I got a bed on the jet The guns are drawn and I ain't talkin bout a sketch I pay these niggaz with a reality check Prepared for the worst but still prayin for the best This game is a bitch I got my hand up her dress The money don't sleep, so Weezy can't rest And AK47 is my fuckin address, huuuuuh [Chorus: Rick Ross, Lil Wayne] I'm not a star, somebody lied  I got a chopper in the car (Uh!) I got a chopper in the car (Uh!) I got a chopper in the car  Yeah, load up the choppers like it's December 31st  Roll up and cock it and hit them niggaz where it hurts  If I die today, remember me like John Lennon  Buried in Louis, I'm talkin all brown linen, huh! [Rick Ross] Big black nigga, in a icey watch Shoes on the coupe, bitch I got a Nike shop Count the profits you could bring 'em in a Nike box Grindin in my Jordans, kick 'em off they might be hot  SWISH~! I'm swimmin in a yellow bitch (BOSS!) In the red 911 lookin devilish Red beam make a bitch nigga sit down Thought it were bullet proof 'til he got hit the fifth time Drop Palmolive in a nigga dope Make it come back even harder than befo' (Yaaah!!) Baby I'm the only one that paid your car notes (RO-SAY!) Well connected, got killers off in Chicago [Lil Wayne] Talk stupid, getcha head popped I got that +Esther+, bitch I'm Redd Foxx Big Bs' -- Red Sox I get money to kill time, dead clocks You fuckin with a nigga who don't give a fuck Empty the clip, then roll the window up Pussy nigga sweet, them niggaz Cinnabon I'm in a red bitch, she said she finna cum Two hundred thou' on a chain, I don't need a piece That banana clip, let Chiquita speak Dark shades, Eazy-E Five letters, Y-M-C-M-B Bitch ass nigga, pussy ass nigga I see ya lookin, witcha lookin ass nigga You know the rules, kill 'em all and keep movin If I died today, it'd be a holiday, huh! [Rick Ross] I'm not a star, somebody lied  I got a chopper in the car, so don't make it come alive (Yeah!) Rip yo ass apart than I put myself together YMCMB, Double M, we rich forever (HUH!) The bigger the bullet, the mo' that bitch gon' bang! Red on the wall, Basquiat when I paint Red Lamborghini 'til I gave it to my bitch My first home invasion, pocket gave me forty bricks Son of a bitch, then I made a great escape Ain't it funny momma? Only son be bakin cakes Pull up in the sleigh, hop out like I'm Santa Claus Niggaz gather 'round, got gifts for each and all of y'all (HAHAHA!!) Take it home and let it bubble that's the double up If you get in trouble that just mean you fuckin up (Nigga!) It's a cold world, I need a bird to cuddle up (Yeaaah) I call the plays, motherfucker huddle up [Lil Wayne - Outro] I'm not a star, somebody lied....  I got a chopper in the car... Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter IV Song: Abortion Typed by: stillswish@yahoo.com [Hook 1]  I see you with your palms in your pants  But me, me, see me, I got the world in my hands  I make it spin on my finger  I'm a critical thinker  I'm a hell of a smoker, and a bit of a drinker  [Hook 2]  I know your name, yeah  Your name is unimportant We in the belly of the beast  And she thinkin bout abortion  [Verse 1]  I woke up this morning, dick rock hard  Ashed my blunt in my grammy award  You can save your bullshit on your memory card  If this real nigga business, then you niggas unemployed  Jumped on the celly, called Makaveli  He says he was gravy, I say I was jelly  Looked in the mirror, said "You's an ill nigga"  Then I ran to the money like track and field nigga Now I think I'll have me a coffee with six sugars  In a world full of ass-kissers and dick pullers  I'm tryin to walk a straight line but the line crooked  I'm shootin for the stars, astronauts dodge bullets  Yeah, I bought a brand new attitude  The haters music to my ears, I got my dancin shoes  Sometimes we question shit that there is no answer to  But I just built a house on "I don't give a fuck" avenue  [Hook 1]  [Hook 2]  [Verse 2]  Down on the ceiling, lookin up at the bed  Life is a gamble better check the point spread  And when life sucks, I just enjoy the head  I'm so sick of these niggas, I need meds  Smokin on a hallelujah, thank you Jesus  Help me focus on the future, and not the previous  Double R, I'm a rebel with a reason  Sometimes you gotta fight the devil with a demon  Blood is in the streets and it is up to my knees  Underground shit, I see myself as a seed  Livin in the glass, and everybody's lookin But how can you get the picture, if you don't know who took it?  This current affairs, but who the hell cares?  Everybody's fightin over positions, musical chairs  On the road to redemption, go on and use a few stairs  I'm just fuckin ready so I come prepared  [Hook 2]  [Verse 3]  And if I could sweat glare, the bombs burstin in air Life is a roller coaster but still unfair A blessing in disguise, its right before our eyes But since it is in disguise, we don't know that its there [Hook 1]  I know your name... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ John Legend Album: Tha Carter IV Song: So Special Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: John Legend] Ohhhhhh, ohh-ohh So special, you're so special {*2X*} Ohhhhh ohhhhh, whoahhhhhh So special, you're so special {*2X*} [Lil Wayne] Uhhh! Boy shorts, wife beater Now let me see it, I'm a sightseer She was sleepin on me, but she's a light sleeper I make her cum first, then I follow the leader I talk shit, I hope it matters We climax, without the ladder Can't desert the future, no Nevada Her body is a weapon, rat-a-tat her I spent the night in heaven I slept with an angel And when we finish I swear that pussy said, thank you" I said "You're very welcome," I'm so well mannered And I go down South, Louisiana [Chorus: John Legend] Baby won't you spend the night Darling I don't want to wake up and you are not by my side So special, you're so special {*2X*} And if you promise me tonight, yeah Baby that you'll let me in then, I'ma make you feel so special girl So special, you're so special {*2X*} Ohhhhhhhhhh! [Lil Wayne] Then we take a shower together and wash each other's back And if she kick it off, I'ma run it back And then she say my name, like I forgot it She crazy about that dick, Lorena Bobbitt Love be the pilot, but it's kamikaze Yeah body language, girl let's talk about it Freedom of speech, Weezy a beast Open her up like a book, read it and weep [Lil Wayne] So special, yeah Thinkin 'bout you girl got my mind on E You know them other niggaz ain't me Girl I got that 12 Play for ya, that 12 Play for ya Just sit on my grill, that's that tailgate for ya I, put it together, common denominator I tear it up like loose leaf paper I got drinks on chill, my bedroom huge I knock her lights out; I blow her fuse See we don't even fuck no mo', we make love And now she's on the tip of my tongue, my taste buds Heh cause she my honey bee, yeah buzz buzz And now I'm itchin and scratchin, that's that love bug [Outro: Lil Wayne] I promise That I got that 12 Play for ya, that 12 Play for ya The 12 Play for ya The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter IV Song: How to Love Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Cut the music up A lil' louder Yeah You had a lot of crooks try to steal your heart Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out How to love... how to love, mmm You had a lot of moments that didn't last forever Now you in the corner try and put it together How to love... how to love, mmm For a second you were here, now you over there It's hard not to stare, the way you movin your body like you never had a love (ay) never had love (ay) [Lil Wayne] When you was just a young'un your looks were so precious But now your grown up, so fly it's like a blessin but you, can't have a man look at you for five seconds without you being insecure You never credit yourself, so when you got older It's seems like you came back ten times over Now you're, sittin here, in this damn corner Lookin through all your thoughts and lookin over your shoulder [Lil Wayne] Ohh and you had a lot of dreams that transform to visions The fact that you saw the world affected all your decisions But it - wasn't your fault, wasn't in your intentions To be the one here talkin to me, be the one listenin but But I admire your poppin bottles and dippin Just as much as you admire bartendin and strippin baby So don't be mad, nobody else trippin You seem a lot of crooks and the crooks still crooked [Chorus] sans last three lines [Lil Wayne] See I just want you to know That you deserve the best, you're beautiful You're beautiful, yeah And I want you to know You're far from the usual Far from the usual [Chorus] - 2X sans last three lines The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter IV Song: President Carter Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com {*lighter flicked, weed inhaled*} [Lil Wayne] God bless America... {Intro: sampled from Jimmy Carter's "Inaugural Address"] "Carter are you prepared to take the constitutional oath?"  "I am" "Would you place your left hand on the Bible and raise your right hand and repeat after me"  "I..." [Chorus: sampled from Jimmy Carter's "Inaugural Address"] "President Carter" "Pre-President Carter" "President Carter" "Pre-President Carter" "President Carter" "Pre-President Carter" "President Carter" "Pre-President Carter" [Lil Wayne] Sitting on the world, I got life in my hand So these days I try to think twice when I can Money on my mind as God as my witness Love don't live here and it don't even visit I do this for my Uptown politicians Walked in the kitchen and found a pot to piss in Niggaz ain't satisfied until they mama missin Niggaz ain't satisfied until they mama miss em Uhh, I'm a monster, exorcisms Tote tools like mechanics, mechanisms Uhh, detrimental on any instrumental I say you rappers sweet, I pay the incidentals I'm beneficial, I've been official I say you rappers sweet, tiramisu Haha~! I like my short cake shorter Ain't no motherfucker harder than ("I...") [Chorus w/ Wayne ad-libs: 2X] [Lil Wayne] Nobody gives you a chance, you gotta take chances Ya family tree, I will break branches Cause I don't give a fuck, I put the ass in assassin Smoke you like a blunt then it's ashes to ashes The future is born, put the past in the casket If real shit is dead then nigga I'm a bastard Uhh, appetite for disaster I want a full plate then another plate after Uhh, yesterday just died Tomorrow never cried, the days of our lives When shit get deep I'm never afraid to dive Let the money pile up and until I'm buried alive Ask, "Who the fuck want it?" I bring it to your doorbell Have niggaz in ya yard like a yard sale Smokin weed, gettin head in the oval office I changed the stars on the flag into crosses ("I...") [Chorus w/ Wayne ad-libs: 2X] [Lil Wayne - talking over Chorus] Aye man... So now... Instead of pledge, we pray Yeah... [Lil Wayne] Ya dead to me, brown grass nigga I just stand still and let the ground pass nigga Bullshit for lunch, brown bag nigga Reality's a bitch and I'ma dance with her 140 pounds, 5'6" from the ground Bitch I'm in the building you ain't even in the lounge I tried to fuck the world and couldn't even get aroused I ain't lookin for the beef but I ain't seen it in a while Uhh, and we all want world peace Murder show, I gave yo' ass good seats Shieet, I'm much more than a good speech {*clears throat*} [Outro: unknown speaker] Gorillas in suits The holy war, the spiritual troops Fightin over the mythical truth Drownin in the political soup Aha! They shoot missiles and nukes Takin out such a pivotal group The body count is the physical proof And they thought drugs were killin the youth Hahahaha! Thank you, thank you all {*echoes*} I am President Carter! {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Drake, Jadakiss Album: Tha Carter IV Song: It's Good Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] You who are rich and whose troubles are few May come around to see my point of view (mm-hmm) What price the crown of a King on his throne? When he chained in the dark (HA HA~!) all alone [Jadakiss] I'm as real as they come, I follow the rules I'm still in the hood, but I probably should move Made enough money, I don't fuck around I just felt they needed me, so I stuck around Feds got my man, shit is real son Cause my Godson just became my real son Think life is a game, but all you get is a turn You live and you learn, either you freeze or you burn Kush in the air, I'm pushin the gears Love turned into hate, hate turned into fear If it ain't right, I don't sign the deal Shoot me in the watch, I got time to kill Gasoline... propane Ain't no salary cap in the dope game Ain't no collective bargainin on cocaine So in other words nigga, do yo' thang [Drake] Mind in one place, heart in another Please pardon my brother, he's just angry at you niggaz who don't have yo' heart in yo' rap shit, and got too fuckin comfy Cause we still fuckin hungry, Young Money got the munchies Faded, fuckin faded, aww yeah I'm fuckin faded They tellin lies about me, aww yeah I musta made it Rikers Island on this flow, eight months for that pistol But at least they had some bad bitches workin in that shit hole Ahhh, three visits later, I went and did it major So fuck the judge, and the jury, and the litigator Watchin all these kids who thought they had it figured out And then November came, they let my nigga out [Lil Wayne] Uhh~! Stop playin, I ain't with that bullshit Niggaz act like bitches, Shanaynay, oh my goodness This is Wayne's World, and y'all are just some tourists Give me three wishes, I wish I wish I wish you would bitch! Brand new pussy, pussy good as baby powder Two glock 40's, nigga you got 80 problems Swimmin in the money, I'ma need some fuckin goggles It's better to give, but we don't give a fuck about 'em I just came home, shit done got real hoe Lil Weezy-ana, the boot nigga steel toe I ain't workin with a full deck but I deal hoe I just touched down, kicked a motherfuckin field goal Talkin 'bout Baby money? I got your Baby money Kidnap your bitch, get that "how much you love yo' lady" money I know you fake nigga, press yo' brakes nigga I'll take you out, that's a date nigga I'm a grown ass blood, stop playin with me Play asshole, and get a ass whippin I think you pussycat, ha Hello Kitty I just throw the alley-oop, to Drake Griffin I lay 'em down, Tempurpedic This shit's a game of chess, you niggaz think it's cleavage It's Young Money, yeah 'tis the season I give you the business, bitch this a business meeting My niggaz hungry, my bitches greedy Will I die a bloody murder? Dear Mr. Ouija Nigga I'm straight, my girl a faggot Potato on the barrel, pop pop, tater salad UHHH~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Bun B, Busta Rhymes, Nas, Shyne Album: Tha Carter IV Song: Outro Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Bun B] Yeah...when I step in the spot, motherfuckers say, "Who that?" Big Bun Beater, but you already knew that Live from the state where they chop it and screw that You hatin on the trill OG, where they do that? (for real!) Motherfuckers need to get off the dick man Fall the fuck back like a bike with no kickstand Get out my mix man, just go' get you stuck Deeper in the quicksand, with no easy fix man (damn!) No tricks man, those is for kids Kush in my cigar, and hoes in the crib Drank and the 20 ounce froze in the fridge You fuckin with PA so you know what it is (what it is) I'm sittin on the fours that clack Comin down candy in the golden Lac We gettin to the money like it's Goldman Sachs And we do it for the pimps that are holding back, let's go! {*echoes*} [Nas] Look who crept in with automatic weapons, reppin QB till the death of him That...nigga that inspired lyrical tyrants like Kanye West and Em Track record goes back to The Essence Smack adolescents who ask who the best is I'm nasty like gas from a fat man, attested I pass it, you gaspin for breath and you die fast But I'm like a gastronomic bypass Bunch of Nas advocates, actors seemed to get typecast in the same role Since sixteen I ain't grow a day old yet my brain grow, cocaine white Range Rov' Tats on my body like an art exhibit, I did real good for a project nigga Was once a Bacardi sipper, now it's Chandon, fat blunts in the car with strippers Guns in compartments hidden, I was real young, look at youth, a novice nigga Blessings, bowed down, respected, chowed down now my food's digested Pow pow, with my shooters are techs, bust louder than the noise that I just spit Let's get one thing straight that my crown ain't for testin... testin Chop heads off like King Henry the Eighth, guillotine to ya neck bitch~! I'm a king in this thing, don't be dumb Been in this shit since '91 Niggaz can't fuck with the style I use Your fate is +sealed+, no Heidi Klum Calm now, was a wylin dude, studied cowards that made power moves Watched Wild Planet seen lions devour food, you can say that's how I move A monster nigga, and I don't really like doing songs with niggaz And yo my nigga Wayne - let them niggaz hate And like my nigga Drake say, "We ain't got time to respond to niggaz" [Shyne] I'm a villain, I'm a villain, all that happens in the street Poverty and desperation made me everything I be I'm a shotta, when I pop up with them poppers burn ya block up Call the judges, call the coppers, we takin over Gotham Word to Poppa {*echoes*} Bl-bl-blood gang, five! It's that Blood gang, five, but green is the bottom line I run this town, I ain't gon' lie, they run they mouth, they ain't gon' fight They actin like they ain't gon' die until I let them llamas fly Flatbush to Bed, do or die, from Watts to Larry Hoover Chi Poverty and heroine, it's no place for a juvenile Greed in our heart, it's the green that we want Cash Money is the company and Weezy the boss! {*echoes*} [Busta Rhymes] They say I'm underrated (uh huh), but un-compete-with-able Understandable, being that my rating levels are unreachable Anything said other than that should be silenced, unspeakable! And the thought of you being nicer than me? Unfeasible! They ask is what I do ever gonna stop, this shit will never end That's when you hear a car crash in the vocal booth got 'em sayin "There he goes again!" See now they nominated a nigga to come and flatten everything Now let me dominate it, nigga run And they be knowin that I be blackin on everything And make it complicated like a nigga constipated with a gun I gotta make it what they want and wake em when I come and shake em And bake em and take em to another place Ain't no fakin, ain't no kind of mistakin how I be breakin up Everything and be creating a s-s-s-situation when I'm done (damn!) You see I spit National Treasure, discography rich And I done killed more cats than curiosity snitch! Most of you niggaz sorry and owe apologies quick What the fuck you niggaz still hangin'around here for? You apostrophe bitch! {*laughs*} Okay, now enough of that, see now I'm out the door Tunechi, thanks for giving us a whole nother classic with Tha Carter IV {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter IV Song: I Like the View Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Lil Wayne] I stepped on a flower, foot on the petal/pedal Good wasn't home, so I settled for better I'm on my way to get it, but get it got shot So I guess I gotta work with the little bit I got Now I'm like "Heyyyy~! I like the view from here" I'm so high I can't see you from here Both eyes on the money, it's lookin back at me Man, these bitches just lookin for a daddy Pussy and problems, can't live without 'em The weed too loud, turn up the volume Richer than a bitch, but I can't buy tomorrow That's why I go hard ho (That's why I go hard ho) [Lil Wayne] God bless the world, and most people in it It's anybody's game, but nobody's winnin Mona Lisa smile, that bitch barely grinnin Take you off the face of the Earth like a blemish We went from +Boyz+ to menace, Menace II Society Now we get higher/hi-ya, call that shit karate Blame it on the money, the money is the bad guy Smoke so much good, I don't even have a bad side Yeah, I got a pussy hangover Bitches eat me up like my name is Russell Stover Murder the perception, make 'em get it right If I'm flirtin with affection, I'm fuckin her tonight I'm a Southerner's delight, Louisiana pride The belly of the beast, it ate me alive Tell them bitches they'll never take me alive And today I took a walk outside [Lil Wayne] Uhh, and we all kiss our mommas Cause promises are broken but tomorrow is a promise Think I'm gettin sick I'm feelin ill-legal And not havin money is the root of all evil Life is a midget, so try to live it up It's Dr. Carter bitch, I got this shit nipped and tucked If these walls could talk, they'd probably won't shut up I need some wallpaper, before they start to fuss Yeah! Pick up the phone and call your bluff Call Mitchell Carmone, now my pockets all buff I don't think about the future, it comes soon enough Motherfucker I don't shoot you, bitch I shoot you up I ain't ride with these niggaz, I don't like these niggaz I just roll another joint, like Spike Lee nigga When I woke up this mornin, got the coal out my eyes And then I took a walk outside [Outro: Lil Wayne] Stop playin! Run up in your fuckin mouth, nigga!! {*laughing*} Yeah, I'm beside myself So that make two of me NIGGUH~!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Bruno Mars Album: Tha Carter IV Song: Mirror Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*lighter flicked, weed inhaled*} [Lil Wayne] With everything happening today You don't know whether you're comin or goin But, you think that you're on your way Life lined up on the mirror don't blow it Woo~! Look at me when I'm talkin to you You lookin at me but I'm lookin through you I see the blood in your eyes I see the love in disguise I see the pain hidden in your pride I see you're not satisfied And I don't see nobody else I see myself, I'm lookin at the [Chorus: Bruno Mars] Mirror on the wall, here we are again Through my rise and fall, you've been my only fan You told me that they can, understand the man I am So why are we, here, talkin to each other agai-ai-ai-ain [Lil Wayne] Uhh, I see the truth in your lies I see nobody by your side But I'm with you when you're all alone And you correct me when I'm lookin wrong I see the guilt beneath the shame I see your soul through your window pain I see the scars that remain I see Wayne, I'm lookin at the [Lil Wayne] Lookin at me now, I can see my past Damn~! I look just like my fuckin dad Light it up, that's smoke and mirrors I even look good in the broken mirror I see my momma smile that's a blessin I see the change, I see the message And no message could been any clearer So I'm startin with the man in the [Lil Wayne - talking over Chorus] MJ taught me that Uhh, take 'em to Mars man Uhh... {*echoes*} [Lil Wayne - over Chorus again] Yeah Any questions? I come to you You always have the answer [Bruno Mars] Mirror on the wall [Lil Wayne] Ay BP Looks like I did take 'em to Mars this time [Bruno Mars] So why are we, talkin to each other again The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter IV Song: Two Shots Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Uhh! Two shots of whatever, two shots of whatever It's like tug-of-war, tryin to pull myself together I could probably do better, but probably's like never I'm a pimp under pressure leave my money on the dresser Goons in this bitch, leave a nigga on a stretcher It's all there poppa, you ain't even got to measure Laughing at how my old bitches look jealous Well what goes around comes around - propellers Mon-money over bitches, M.O.B., goodfellas Cut her ears off, ain't shit she could tell us Write your name on the bullet that's a fuckin love letter If I ain't a trendin topic, I'ma fuckin trendsetter Hehe! Uhh I'm on two shots of whatever, two shots of whatever Man it's like tug-of-war, tryin to pull myself together I could probably do better, but probably's like never I'm a pimp under pressure leave my money on the dresser [Lil Wayne] If you're scared, go to church, Mason Betha Sometimes the paper chase could be like chasin a leopard The pussy wetter, we-wetter than it's ever been	 But she gon' probably try to cross the line like a Mexican I ain't on that bullshit, shawty fine as fuck though Now she kiss me on my neck, I hope she ain't cutthroat Cut down on the syrup, cause it made me fuck slow Shoot so many times, I'ma choke off the gun smoke Life, death, love, hate, pleasure, pain Pay me no mind, but I don't have change I cock back and aim at your membrane Broad day, no mask, close range Bop bop! Ha ha... You can get two shots from wherever, two shots from whoever It be like a puzzle tryin to put you back together I should probably do better, but probably whatever [Lil Wayne] Your bullshit is stinkin up the place Me-me no take bad up, me a done de place Cain't let these bitch niggaz slide, and touch base I make her cum so many times call her Nut Case It's Young Money baby, take your clothes off Give me them three holes - uhh, bowling ball Ha ha~! Two shots of whatever Keep them bitches comin, and she gon' do whatever [Outro] Two shots of whatever, two shots of whatever The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Tha Carter IV Song: Up Up and Away Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Up up and away Up up and away Up, up up and away Uhh, yeah I'm about to go Up up and away, dick in your mouth, fuck what you say You sweet as pie, a muffin and cake Dick in her mouth, I'm fuckin her face Live for the night, sleep in the day You high as fuck, sleep it away I am a dog you should keep in the gate Pussy, hmm, how sweet is the taste? Gun to your head, what you peepin to say? Weezy bitch, I'm deep in the space Floatin away like a leaf in the lake I'm gone, like, delete and erase Talk that shit, I walk that shit Pills, weed, all that shit If the bitch is bad I'ma call that bitch Get pussy, ass, all that shit Uhh, what they talkin 'bout? I go hard, they soft as a couch I'm runnin them in, and walkin them out Cars so cold I park in the house Flows so raw, this beat is pregnant Flow so tight, it's yeast infected Kill 'em all when they least expect it Money talk, Lisa Leslie Y.M., C.M.B. connection Rappers is what I eat for breakfast Runnin up in my sheets is sexy If she ain't fuckin she can exit Gun tucked in the waist I bust in your face I ain't got nuttin to say But, up up and away [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Up up and away, up up and away Man I'm so high, I'll come down in a couple of days Up up and away, up up and away Man I'm so high, I'll come down in a couple of days (Weezy!) Yeah (Where you goin?) Up (You're goin a little bit too far) Haha~! [Lil Wayne] Ain't this a bitch? I just saw my bitch kiss a bitch You're lucky I don't kill yo' ass But you can still get pistol whipped Sharper than a pencil tip Bitch don't even twitch your lip 40 cal' with the extended clip Ain't gon be no incident Skinny jeans, red Vans Skully on, money long Her mouth is like my house so I guess you can say I'm cum'n home You're whylin out, then we're ridin out Now you're +Hidin+ out, +Honeycomb+ I'm laughin to the bank like I just broke my fuckin funny bone Haha! What's really good five? I'm over here smokin that really good vibe Eyes so high I look blind But the stove on my waist cook time I be with niggaz that took lives And niggaz that'll take it outside And niggaz that'll take it to your crib take the baby out the crib, and rape the housewives I'm gon' get so wasted they gon' have to carry me out this bitch I took over this rap shit, these rappers are just hostages Let's cut to the chase My bitch no habla ingles But I ain't got nothin to say But, up up and away - uhh~! [Interlude] Up up and away, up up and away Up up and away, up up and away Up up and away, up up and away [Lil Wayne] Fuck with a nigga if you fuck with a nigga Fuck with me, good luck to the nigga Straps On Deck, so fuck that nigga Leave you lookin like lightning struck that nigga Stacks On Deck, I'm rich as shit I'm callin my bitch the shit Walkin 'round on my fuckin shit I done did everything on my bucket list Fuck that shit, I'm superbad I don't give a hoover damn Man, I son all these niggaz They should have a stupid tan Ha, President Carter Vote for Lil Wayne Sit yo' five dollar ass down 'fore I make change I'm pumping your brakes I'm jumpin the gates And I ain't got nothin to say But, up up and away [Outro] (Weezy! Where you goin?) (You're goin a little bit too far) UHH! Up up and away, up up and away Up up and away, up up and away Up up and away, up up and away... I say Up up and away, up up and away Up up and away, up up and away Man I'm so high, I'll come down in a couple of days Up up and away, up up and away Man I'm so high, I'll come down in a couple of days (Come here... I like you) (You'll have to tickle me or somethin) (I need to smoke a cigarette) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Kevin Rudolf Album: Tha Carter IV Song: Novacane Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Outro] Raindrops from the clouds Sun lights up the sky Hummingbirds do fly [Lil Wayne] Uhh, ooh, girl, I love you so Good lord almighty I'm in love with a whitey I call her Aphrodite, I call her when I need her And she give me good love 'til my nose start bleedin Life is just like movin mountains And when I can't cope, I'm hittin that slope That great white hope, and there ain't no pressure I cain't feel nothin but I never felt better Hmm, but you were just no good for me Killin me softly, that girl is poison, huh I had to let you go, take things slow But just so you know [Chorus: Kevin Rudolf] I'll do it all again if I have the chance Don't feel the pain (don't feel the pain) like novacane (like novacane) I'll take the whole world on, I'm feelin so strong Don't feel the pain (don't feel the pain) like novacane (like novacane) Like novacane [Lil Wayne] You used to make me feel so good Like I was on top of the world I'm sorry that I gotta stay away from ya But that's what the doctor preferred My friends told me leave you alone And I just told 'em leave me alone It's sad how our thing had to end Our reltationship was short and sweet - Nia Long And I see her in the streets but I can't bring her home Man I was on her line all day, no phone Huh, no Arm & Hammer in my Tony Montana And truth is [Lil Wayne] Uhh, sweet sugar hill Yeah I used to climb her I never imagined she turned out to be but a cheap thrill That's when it turned sour She gave me power, the world was ours I used to feel invincible on that flower But I had to change, yeah I had to change So I left her for a bitch named Mary Jane Now everythang is cool, everythang is fine Girl I'm movin on, I left you behind But every now and then you pop up on my mind I might fuck you one last time cause [Intro/Outro] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Birdman Album: Tha Carter IV Song: I Got Some Money On Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Lil Wayne] + {Birdman} (It's a Dramani beat) {Yeah} Pot the music up! {You understand me? Y.M., C.M.B.} {C4, let's go Young} Yeah, uhh [Lil Wayne] I got some money on me, I'm 'bout to kill these hoes I don't be politickub, I'm not political Fuck you talkin' bout, bitch I'm Kenneth Cole My goons masked up, +Rey Mysterio+ Bitch eat somethin, I don't like skinny hoes I hit her from the back, she on her tippie toes I smoke that +Green Day+, I'm on my Billie Joe I'm a dog bitch, B-I-N-G-O I'm a rich ass nigga, you bitch ass nigga I'm from the school of hard knocks, you skip class nigga Tell her bust that pussy open, bend it over, bring it back Get some brain out that hoe and call that hoe a Brainiac [Chorus: Lil Wayne] I got some money on me, I'm 'bout to kill these hoes I got some money on me, I'm 'bout to kill these hoes Fuck you talkin 'bout? Bitch I'm Kenny Cole I'm a dog bitch, B-I-N-G-O Every bad bitch love me, I'm Young Money Tell 'em pop that pussy for me, pop that pussy for me And my niggaz got the guns, they aimin for ya skully Tell 'em pop that pussy for me, pop that pussy for me [Birdman] Uptown gangster life! Made man, +5 Star+ nigga Ya understand me, give a hundred and hundreds, one hundred [Lil Wayne] Yeah; if you a bad bitch, say fuck them other hoes I'm in my lane bitch, you a gutter bowl Boogers in the watch, it got a runny nose I like a pink pussy, just like a bunny nose And we are Young Money, the untouchables I hit her from the back, I make her touch her toes I'm on that drink baby, I think I'm comotosed I'm feelin real good, Stevie Wonder-ful And e'rybody with me strapped, tell them hoes adapt Shoot 'em in his head he dead before he collapse Young Money we the crap, no salary cap Money talks bitch and mines yap yap yap [Chorus: Lil Wayne] I got some money on me, I'm 'bout to kill these hoes I got some money on me, I'm 'bout to kill these hoes If you a bad bitch, say fuck them other hoes I'm feelin real good, Stevie Wonder-ful And we don't talk about it, we do it do it nigga Shit can get ugly, Patrick Ewing nigga Them niggaz can't see me, but I see through them niggaz And fuck the police, on or off duty nigga [Birdman] Yeah~! Young Money gunners Cash Money Mobsters Hittin shots, one up top Top flo', brrap [Lil Wayne] Alright, alright!! Uhh I'm on some other shit, I'm stuntin on them hoes Bitch I'm smokin pot, like I'm on the stove I'm in this bitch bitch, I'm so Holly Grove Them hoes treasure me, like a pot of gold Boy you thin crust, fuckin Dominos I'm laughin to the bank, this shit is comical We do it real big, astronomical I make her fall for me, bitch Geronimo Now get it poppin for a nigga, whow me what you're workin with I'm fly as a motherfucker bitch, no turbulence Please know my niggaz got them pistols for emergencies I'm lookin for a head doctor for some brain surgery [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Some money on me, I'm 'bout to kill these hoes I got some money on me, I'm 'bout to kill these hoes I'm laughin to the bank, this shit is comical I make her fall for me, bitch Geronimo Fifty shots in the chopper, break 'em off proper You niggaz can't see me, fuck yo' binoculars~! I'ma coconut Ciroc'er, a beast like Chewbacca I'm runnin this shit, I don't even need blockers [Lil Wayne] Uh-huh, alright {*3X*} Alright, alright - yeah [Birdman - over Wayne] Priceless, fresh off an island Hundred mill, bitch we the bid'ness +5 Star+ gangsta, moolah crazy [Lil Wayne] I got some money on me, I'm 'bout to kill these hoes I got some money on me, I'm 'bout to kill these hoes [Birdman keeps ad libbing until he cuts out] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Birdman Album: Dedication 4 Song: So Dedicated Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Aight Let's put it in perspective See +1+, 1 made you realize +2+ that's when the game became ours See +3+, that's when we showed you the future! This here {*echoes*} it's for the sport Some of you niggaz mad the sport normally happens to be skateboardin But that gives us +4+ wheels... to roll over you niggaz +D4+ - a +Dedication+ [Lil Wayne] She's so sophisticated She'll catch a nigga nut and then refrigerate it I wear a rubber and we fuck 'til we dehydrated I pull it out bust on her face and call her cry baby I kiss her neck, I kiss her stomach, then I kiss that pussy And then I eat it from the back, but I don't do crack And then I get this monster hard and ask her where to put it She tell me, "Tunechi, hit it raw," I tell her bitch you crazy Don't want no HIV, don't need that Honeymoon In Vegas It's Y.M.C.M.B. the fucking alpha and omega The presidential double R, call that Ronald Reagan I fuck yo' bitch we come together call that congregatin I be ballin on these niggaz, Sports Illustrated Tough in the streets, but you in the court with a statement Ain't that a bitch and I kill everybody but the babies Give that bitch nigga the blues 'til he fuckin Navy Yeah~! Man I be ridin 'round with that 'yopper, I pop a nigga like {*CLAP*} All you hoes get topless, suck this dick 'til it's spotless Too many hoes I got options; I ain't never trippin you could have the bitch And I'ma send her back with her pussy lips, lookin just like camel lips You fuckin with some real nigga, blow your fuckin head off They say life is a bitch, I hope that bitch a redbone All I know is get money, bitch ain't gettin shit from me Fuck a six pack, six bullets give you six stomachs Tell her how that pussy tastes, cause she been eatin pineapples Throw her back like a quarterback, hit that ass like a linebacker Put that pussy on me, we caught up in the moment AK with a hair trigger, nigga don't make me comb it This like a full time job not to kill niggaz Some of my homeboys' job is to kill niggaz Yeah, cause I'm still on probation Write your name on a bullet that's a Dedication.. 4 (Y'all ready??) [Birdman] Yeah, welcome to Dedication 4 I be Stunna Man Priceless lifestyle, high life Y.M.C.M.B business Fuck your girl, nigga Twenty-two years full time grind Mula, best ever, one hundred The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Dedication 4 Song: Same Damn Tune Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Tunechi, Drama, same time Can only be +Dedication+ (Turn the music up in my headphones) DJ DRAMA FUCK THESE NIGGAZ! [Lil Wayne] Uhh I'm wildin out on my skateboard, she ridin dick like race cars My blunt longer than Spaceballs, I'm gettin higher than quasars I beg your pardon, I egg your noggin, got Nin up in my glove compartment I'm so short, yellow bus retarded, my flow hard, these niggaz carpet I'm Tunechi, I do me, smoke doobies, tote uzis I'll make that bitch cum 'til she come to a conclusion I'm ill as an illusion, I got B's like a student Bitch +I Am Not a Human+ and this dick is therapeutic She say "Tunechi give that dick to me, smoother than a symphony" Two bad bitches at the same time, symmetry Murder you no sympathy, got metal like Olympians Tee put the weed in the blunt like a parentheses Fuck y'all niggaz I'm gettin me, is you kiddin me? That big booty, them pretty feet Them Swisher Sweets with that purp, church - with the priest That red-boned get licked to sleep, she'll wake up and get dicked to sleep Pickled meat, freaky deak, I test these niggaz with a cheat-sheet Her clit look like a jelly bean, I'm on that promethazine Blow yo' ass to smithereens, kush strong like Mr. Clean I'm a king "I have a dream," money flippin trampoline Money flippin balance beam, +Fresher+ than the +Prince+ the king and the queen That's yo' bitch if my celly ring, and I kiss her belly ring Put that dick up in her spleen, I shine like Afro Sheen And I eat pussy, she suck dick at the same damn time That's a 69, then pass it to my slime I'm skatin and rappin at the same damn time I said I might retire, but y'all know I be high I did that time, I paid that fine Fuck around and go to jail for the same damn crime For the same damn crime? Nah murder this time~! Potato on the end of the barrel - french fries I'm rich bitch, Trukfit in Macy's! And you pussy niggaz hatin like a racist "Totally dude," I'm white boy wasted She can't wait to take her drawers off like braces Yeah; Scooby got another one, smokin on that bubblegum Two dutch bitches double dutch, I'm the shit, bubble guts Nigga get your duffles up, don't know if it's love or lust Tell that ho to suck it up, she got lips like rubber ducks That pussy whack, I'm one and done, troublesome I'm troublesome Got two bitches off twitter, Tweedle-Dee and Tweedle-Dum Single ladies, double cuffs, I'm tighter than a cumberbund Smokin on that strong, my blunt a fuckin muscle punk Tunechi! Ha ha, ha ha And I'm gone... Hahaha~! Yeah +Dedication 4+ hoe Future fuck with me! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Dedication 4 Song: Cashed Out Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Fuck nigga My blunt bigger than these lil niggaz Keep stuntin with your bitch ass You'll get jacked and Jilled, nigga Fuck wrong with these sissy niggaz? I'm smoking that Bill Bixby nigga I'm spendin money, spendin money Ben Franklin dizzy nigga! Your bitch on my dick, I told her I was busy She say "Wayne on me, Wayne on me" cause yo ass need drizzlin That pussy came gift-wrapped: bow and a ribbon And if she bounce that ass then I'm dribblin That pussy so wet, it turned into a Gremlin There's only one me, ain't no equivalent She give me brain, brain like trivia I got a black bitch and a red bitch I call them hoes Aunt Vivian Chopper knock your face off Black shades, Ray Charles I be killing young hoes I got your ho up in my graveyard I ain't working with a full deck But I pull out that Ace card She grab that dick with 2 hands Like she about to pray for it Clips hanging, no curfew Fuck you and who birthed you I'm shining like church shoes Birdman Junior, y'all birdfood I'm bout it - I said I'm about to cum She opened her mouth: water fountain When I'm on the scene I'm on that lean Bitch, I'm drowsy Man, I'm so high I don't know what I'm laughing about I got bars, nigga and it's happy hour! [Lil Wayne] Riding round with them choppaer, not them ninas Riding around with a bitch named Molly and she on Molly - ha~! Bitch I put my foot in your ass: karate Man these niggaz can't see me like a diary Smoke that weed, let's get irie Nigga shut up, that bitch got a silencer Top of the gun there is a scope I close one eye, I look like a pirate, fuck it! Truckfit my bitch up, Tunechi leave big nuts I'm getting my dick sucked I blow weed like it's dust! Spacehead: love pussy, hate feds Just bought my girl a Ferrari Spider Told her drive it like it got 8 legs I'm a made nigga: Machiavelli That Mack-11 necessary I'm a hard head: I pop the cherry No pussy no rats, no Tom and Jerry They say your friends are your enemies? Well, my friends are imaginary I'm the motherfuckin resolution like the 1st of January My ride cold and my bitch hot I'm tired as hell but my dick not I don't gas no bitch, no pitstop Smoke Barney and Baby Bop! Y'all niggaz act like lady cops My niggaz smoke like coffee shops That's syrup gang, wafflehouse Gunfight, I'll knock you out My bitch titties is poppin out We poppin up and we get it poppin Mask on, gloves on Like Mickey Mouse, clips stickin out Like Nicki's ass Smoking on that sticky bag Weezy F: I'm big and bad Small feet, but I kick your ass I'm the trigger man, that shooting star Eat that pussy like caviar She treat that dick just like a straw How you like them apples, Microsoft? Now wipe it off.. I do Liv on Sundays: church! Step off in that motherfucker fresher than some Certs Uuh! Who the fuck is Stevie J? I got the ball, playing keepaway Kidnap your ass, kill your ass Then hide your ass like an Easter Egg! It's Hollygrove to my deathbed Just make sure my pillow's fluffed Hit a nigga with a million shots What you call that? A million bucks Good weed, we pass around Money talks: mine got a nasty mouth It's Young Money, Ca$h Money 'til the motherfuckin day I'm cashin out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Detail Album: Dedication 4 Song: No Worries Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Detail] You can look me in my face (I ain't got no worries) {*3X*} See the shrooms keep me up, so (I ain't got no worries) {*3X*} You see money, right there, yeah that's Tunechi, right there (turnt up) Yeah that's Mack Maine right there, and we ain't got no worries You see pussy, right there, redbone mangos, right there See them shroomies, right there (yeah) we ain't got no worries [Lil Wayne] Tunechi in this bitch, e'rybody should be worried Them pussy niggaz be purrin, bitches be diggin me I feel buried And if she make this dick hard, she woke up a sleepin giant Man yo' bitch speak in tongues, every time we speak in private Hope your barber shop open, cause we got hair triggers Smoke so much that Smokey the Bear, have to bear with us And that Jeep with the do's off, that means that bitch sleek All these bitch think they're the shit, I send them up shit's creek You see Tunechi right here, give me brain ideas It's okay if you turned up, just don't turn off my light years All I know is I do it what I'm smokin, I grew it These are Blood gang, Piru, and all rats gotta die, even Stewart On my private jet is my stewardess is your bitch nigga, bitch Nigga I know gold-diggers and ditch-diggers You don't get dissed, you get disfigured She say sorry I didn't shave, so that pussy a little furry I put that pussy in my face - I ain't got no worries TUNECHI~! [Lil Wanye] We ain't got no worries She bad as a hooker, so she ain't got no worries She want me to eat her sugar, I say "Why you in a hurry?" She say "Why you askin questions?" I say "Bitch you tryin to be funny" Now take your fuckin clothes off, let me see that Donkey Kong I swinh your ass back and forth, back and forth on my monkey bars That camel toe that camel toe, no worries no panty-hose These niggaz fallin off like baggy clothes, I smoke more than a magic show I swear I saw my hoe, I swear she was with my hoe You know I fucked them both, sore pussy and sore throat Bitch it's Tunechi and I'm out'chea, no worries, no worries I would talk about my dick, but man that shit be a long story [Wayne - over Chorus] YEAHHH OHH SHIT UH-HUH YEAHH YOUNG MULA BABY The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Dedication 4 Song: Wish You Would Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj] A who wan' test no mon chat her 'Gwan to some boy dem Pussy wan' kill dem I tell dem nah come for di crown, nah [Chorus: repeat 4X] Ok, Lamborghini Mercy Yo' chick she so thirsty I'm in that two seat Lambo' wit'cho girl she tryin to jerk me [Nicki Minaj] Drop it to the flo', make that dick shake My homegirls slurp it like a milkshake All you niggaz want some Nick cake If you eat ass I got a thick plate Weezy, Weezy don't we do this very easy? I came from Trinidad on a temporary visa Cause muh'fuckers know I put the hex on bitches I fuck a bitch over like I'm sexin bitches Tic-Tac-Toe then I put the X on bitches Point game, I score, who's next you bitches? Cause all you niggaz fake and all you niggaz broke So all you niggaz fuck you, all you niggaz choke Cause all you do is boast and argue over hoes So all you niggaz toast, cause all you deep throat - word Fuck fuck your Lambo, fuck fuck your Murcie' I got more money, in in my fuckin purse Court-courtside, you in the C Section I'm with them bloods, you you with the C Section In Malibu I'm by the sea section And all these bitches is my sons, yeah C-Section I'm a Republican votin for Mitt Romney You lazy bitches is fuckin up the economy Out in Miami I be chillin with a zombie Diablo Alejandro dimelo Gandhi [Chorus] - 2X [Lil Wayne] I'm the shit, turn your nose up I threw some bad bitches on my tour bus I threw some bad bitches on my private jet If them bitches ain't fuckin, give 'em parachutes Walked up to a redbone like I'm the shit Told her give me that pussy, and fuck my bitch Yeah skate rebel, gun at my waist level Bitch yellow, tape yellow, give you an H-A-L-O I don't do pussy niggaz but get the most pussy nigga I'm popping percs I'm sippin lean, smokin pot like cookin dinner My homet T roll up my blunt, skinnier than Rex Ryan I'm countin money I'm smokin plants, call that shit math and science Now suck dick, Trukfit, snapback on yo' dog ass These niggaz broke like Mr. Glass, they don't want +nun+, +Sister Act+ It's Young Money you bitch you, my weed louder than pimp suits Your bitch swallow my pimp juice, her pussy wetter than swimsuits Swish, Michael, Phelps nigga in your hoe Coupe the color of Yoohoo, rude boy free Buju Fuck wrong with these fuck niggaz I been ballin since '98 Fuck y'all I'd rather skate, shoot you up in yo' database I fell in love with droptops, I fell in love with shotguns Our guns bigger than cop guns, y'all ain't spittin - dry tongue I like wet pussy she like hard dick, hard head make her soft fast Tatted up from head to toe, guess you can call me a marked man Wayne, soarin, all my whores is whorin All you rappers is borin, Trukfit hat and some Jordans uhh [Chorus] - 2X [Lil Wayne - over Chorus] Syrup {*3X*} Haha yeah Tunechi bitch +Dedication 4+ Hoe [chopped and slowed] Syrup {*2X*} Fuck them hoes nigga, pause Syrup {*3X*} We the shit Weezy baby Shoutout all my niggaz on the island The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Dedication 4 Song: Burn Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] You niggaz gon' learn today +D4!+ Y.M.C.M.B. Nigga! [Lil Wayne] Hammer on the dresser, work on the stove I'm sittin on the counter blowin purp out my nose Red bone naked, in the bed flexin' I say bitch I ain't impressed you must of got the wrong impression I ain't with the BS, I'm flyer than PF Man, we livin in hell like a deep breath Real niggaz with real money, real bitches with fake asses If she don't wanna fuck I get on my skateboard and I skate past her Money on the table, guns on the table Bitch I'm on that syrup tell that hoe leggo my Eggo And my girlfriend is a chopper, I finger fuck that hoe Hello I am Tunechi - you had me at hello Uhh, droptop Maybach, clean like Ajax Man I don't fuck with none of you niggaz like rednecks We got that work so come and get if we don't know you you pay tax I put a hole in your apple what that is Applejacks, uh Pussy nigga I'll murder you then dance at your funeral Blood I'll have a nigga drinkin his own blood, communion Wake up like Bone Thugs I'll call your bluff pick the phone up Her titties fake but they look real - cubic zirconias Run up in your house spare the kids and kill the grown-ups Your bitch call me when she hot - Krispy Kream donuts Shoutout to my new hoes, shoutout to my old hoes I still wear that ass out like a wardrobe Bitch, what they gon' say? Still eatin rappers on my fuckin lunch break Bad yellow bitch with a tongue like a snake I let her suck my dick amd then I fuck her to some Drake And then I let that kush burn let that kush burn Yeah I let that kush burn; smokin gasoline, bitch The booth on fire, I'm in here gettin higher Younh Money bitch we at the top like barbed wire [Lil Wayne] Money on my mind I ain't thinkin bout no bitch I'm talkin bout that scratch like my muh'fuckin throat itch Stop stuntin if you ballin buy your bitch somethin Stayed on the same team like Tim Duncan Shit get real if you scared go to Catholic school And if we want it straight jacket/jack-it like a padded room Shoot your ass 100 times and stand over you Lil' Tunechi so fly I got arachnophobia Burn bitch, AK in my firm grip Leap if you feelin like Kermit, sermons Preach, reach, and I smoke your ass like Cheech I be faded like bleach, double barrel - Siamese I like my swisher obese, fuck that bitch like police Fuck these haters with no grease, you get chin checked - goatee Money talks bitch and mine talks like Robin Leach That lean got me slow as Lisa Turtle, ask Screech Uhh bank card heavy, my wallet like a barbell My girl got a fat cat, I call that shit Garfield We'll bring the O.K. Corral to your doorbell We pull triggers not coat tails, I make lump sums - oatmeal I'm stuntin, gettin new money Trukfit money, Mountain Dew money, tell 'em I get better like fine wine, I'm fire like cayenne In the words of my nigga BP, I'll hit a bitch with a car bomb BOOM~! (Gangsta Grizzill) Lil' bitch Niggaz gonna talk they ain't talkin bout shit Niggaz gonna bark I go Mike Vick Fuckin fuck niggaz, on that fuck shit Suck a nigga dick, for some Trukfit And let that kush burn let that kush Yeah I let that kush burn; smokin gasoline, bitch The booth on fire, I'm in here gettin higher Holla at a nigga if you want that Oscar Mayer [Outro] Tune, hahaha, Dedication Fo' Me, shorty, fuck with me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Boo Album: Dedication 4 Song: Amen Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Ay whassup wit'chall niggaz? Yeah... Gangsta Grillz you bastards! Now there's a couple married bitches in the building - fucked them I get that mouth I get that pussy - the end I see you niggaz got no life - +The Sixth Sense+ She said she wanna fuck my brains out but she gon' have to suck this dick firrrrrst! Preach, fuckin right I'm geeked She sat on my dick, she sat on my face, I told that bitch she got good seats Man, these niggaz softer than fleece, shoot these niggaz in they obliques You talkin shit, I knock you out, now go ahead and talk in yo' sleep Yeah - bitch you know the motto! It's Young Money over hoes Lyin to these bitches, they call my dick Pinnochio Gettin to the money, now the money gettin to me She say my ver-dict, is hung like a jury I'm on the track, DOA, some of these niggaz be DEA Money tall, NBA, broke niggaz, SMH Hit it like Canseco while she tell you "No way Jose~!" I got her all that white, what you call that? O-KKK! Every night, I go hard she blow me like Boston George She like it in her ass, mouth and pussy - three car garage These niggaz is false alarms, they don't mean no fuckin harm Hey baby let's make a porn! Ba-bum! Devil horns Huh, uou know that I ain't got no ceilings! The money changed me, I'm makin +Chamillions+ Only God can judge me, can't appeal it In the name of the Father, the Son, and Holy Spirit Amen! And tell them alphabet boys it's a "G" thing I've got a street sweeper, do you need your street cleaned? Young Money bitch! We colder than a ski team Red beam, if you scared, motherfucker go to church! Preach! Security breach I'm on that grass harder than cleats, I'm on that gas, and y'all on E Nigga my cash out of your reach, I run shit like the reverend She get on her knees and pray to this dick, then swallow all of them blessings Church! Yo Boo! [Boo] Just our a way of life Bought my momma a crib, bought my daddy a car Let 'em both meet Tune, now they think I'm a star Damn I love this life, wouldn't trade it for nuttin Most theses rappers is fallin cause they ain't standin for nothin I smoke that loud, so I don't hear haters talkin Plus these bitches be stalkin, tryin to look for a fortune In the Chi we say church, when that pussy get purchased Got a bitch so bad she make a player get nervous Now good ain't good enough, and my hood is hood as fuck I be prayin for them shorties trynin to get their dollars up Swag so dope, you probably think I'm dealin and I only give head if baby girl swallow children Boo ain't got a ghost well bitches still catch the Holy Ghost She wanna get high; I hit her with that overdose Pimpin so cold, put that on my overcoat Only ride foreign, we don't do hundred spokes You broke niggaz talk that's a hundred jokes Ha! Laughin at you fuck boys Skate gear, I'm a truck boy On my truck swag, I don't give a fuck boy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Lil Mouse Album: Dedication 4 Song: Get Smoked Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] 09, we tote; my niggaz ain't no joke And we keep them blows, so please don't get smoked Fuck around with them fuck-arounds, and you fuck around and get smoked Fuck around with them fuck-arounds, and you fuck around and get smoked [Lil Wayne] I'm rollin, all my niggaz rollin Keep that fuckin red bandana: Hulk Hogan I'm cuttin up like scissors, coming down hard like blizzards I'm gettin head while givin head, that's a head-on collision I'm on a pain pill, I keep this shit trill These niggaz ain't for real, like a fire drill Yo' hoe on my back like a fuckin fifth wheel That bitch make her pussy open and close like fish gills I put all my niggaz on, but some of them niggaz gone Them niggaz callin my phone; leave me alone I'm lightin up that strong, then pass it to my bro Numbers don't lie - ex-cept five-oh Different colored Trukit shirts, you niggaz put on yo' skirts If I die off these percs, put a bad bitch in my hearse My hoes lift up they shirts, I'm high as Captain Kirk If we run out of work, we +Rob+, like +Burke+ [Chorus] - 2X [Lil Mouse] Corlay R.I.P. him, Darnell R.I.P. him If you disrespect them, then you gon' meet them My niggaz rollin fo'-seated that bitch goin she a eater She was a good girl, I turned her to a eater Hit Squad move bugband, young nigga on freeband .30 clip and them hollow tips, make him do the runnin man A buck forty I'm fuckin with, I'm rollin with my hitters I'll send my hitters ,out to go get you Hella bands, hella bands, hit the club throwin hella bands Heavy load, throwing hella bands, in the club doin the money dance Hella bands, hella bands, hit the club throwin hella bands Heavy load, throwin hella bands, in the club doin the money dance Niggaz talkin shit in the club, he better watch hisself Melly got the .30 on his hip, he gon' need some help I'm a gangster nigga, and I could do this shit my fuckin self Pistol to his melon; it ain't gon' be nuttin left [Chorus] - 2X [Lil Wayne] Ridin 'round with my gangsters, runnin up in these yellow hoes Everybody wanna suck my bitch, her pussy lips like heaven do's It's pussy money and kush, skateboards and shroom These niggaz think they the shit, these niggaz perfume Hollygrove, so Hollygrove, all I know is Hollygrove I'm sick with it, I been diagnosed, we don't cut the coke that's Diet Coke These niggaz broke I'm paid in full, blood gang, Red Bull My tongue like a surfboard and her pussy like a wave pool Tunechi~! [Chorus] - 2X [Outro] +D4+ hoe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Gudda Gudda, Jae Millz, Young Jeezy Album: Dedication 4 Song: My Homies Remix Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Sample of "Pump That Bass" by Original Concept] "Get a lil' stupid and" "Get a lil' stupid" "Get a lil' stupid and" "Get a lil' stupid" "Get a lil' stupid and" "Get a lil' stupid" "Get a lil'" "Get a lil'" "Get a lil' stupid" "Get a lil' stupid and" "Get a lil' stupid" "PUMP THAT BASS!" [Jae Millz] Don't make my snub go stupid, go stupid Hehehe, Millzy! That AK like Aretha, it's gon' sing and you gon' respect me You niggaz just good at playin gangster roles, Joe Pesci That's yo' girl, but it's my world, cause she ridin me like a cruise ship My flight land, I check in my suite, she bust it open like a new gift We ain't from the water fightin but you will get supersoaked My goons'll catch you in that ghost, and turn yo' ass into a ghost My flow, super stupid, Forrest Gump, that's retarded dumb It's from my lungs and my clique bang, keep the change, rich gang Millzy! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] ("Pump that bass!")  Yeah, my homies still - ("Pump that bass!")  Ha, my homies still - ("Pump that bass!") Yeah my homies still - ("Pump that bass!")  ("PUMP THAT BASS!") Don't make my goons  go stupid, go stupid, go stupid, yeah  Don't make my goons  go stupid, go stupid (go dumb), go stupid, yeah [Gudda Gudda] Okay my bass pump and my face pump, one bump leave ya face numb Let my white girl hit, watch that bitch go straight dumb All my Yola 8-1, been that way since day one Plus I speak that cocaine, watch me bake this cake up Wake up; y'all sleepin on me, bass song in my speakers homey And I ain't talkin 808, changin places like I'm Aretha homey Tony Hawk got grind, holla at my slimes We don't drop no dimes and you still fuck one time cause we [Young Jeezy] I'm 'bout to get stupid on this motherfucker Tunechi I got you nigga~! Yeah you know +It Takes Two+, yeah nigga +Rob Base+ What'chu watch, when you cookin yo' blow, "Scarface" Got-got a big gold chain around my neck, neck brace You should go there nigga on them old cold case Yeah all I serve is raw, straight sushi yeah no goo Hell naw nigga can't serve you I don't know you Nigga talkin beef shit? Boy-boys likes Oprah DJ Magic Mike got that bass, I done told you [Chorus] w/ Jeezy ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ J. Cole Album: Dedication 4 Song: Green Ranger Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] You know I've been talkin shit for a generation now 'Bout that time for me to kick my feet up Y'know? Move on to other endeavors Who's ready to take the torch? Somebody? Anybody? Haven't I taught you everything? [J. Cole] When this shit dropped I was like 16 Tryin to get some head from a mixed thing - big dreams Say goodbye to ripped jeans, nigga got a job Had my little wad, worst fear was getting robbed For my last fifty dollars that I had left over 5 dollars in they pocket, nigga in his left shoulder Minimum wage, $5.15 13's on the whip, kept my shit clean Actually that was my momma shit But I'm drivin 'round town on my Obama shit Middle-class my ass, just to get a tank of gas had to run the guns up the street and pawn the shit But, yeah I'm headed for a scholarship Lil' scrap game, but I got a lot of lip Thats why them niggaz don't like me and always wanna fight me A dumb nigga hate a smart mouth, most likely I know the game, I'm a expert Nigga, how you gonna jump me if my legs work? Nigga I'm gone! Showed up at the crib tryin to bone And I ain't fuck yet cause her momma always home God damn, L-Lord have mercy Please God don't let this little broad have herpes My nigga say she fast like Jackie Joyner-Kersee Gold medals if we gave hoes medals No rose petals on a bed in the ghettos Spiderman sheets got her singin falsetto Tall white tees, can't believe we used to wear those White folks lookin at us like we're weirdos But we was only kiddos Grabbin titties in the club, pocket full of Skittles Tryna get the kitty was like tryin to solve a riddle Tryna get to Diddy, cause I murder instrumentals This that good old fashioned Mark Jackson Fucked then I'll pass, y'all Utah Jazz'n And ya'll borin', I don't play nigga, I'm Mark Madsen Thats why my knots thick like a fuckin Kardashian I'm not askin my nigga I don't need favors I'm in the streets with the fiends, I done seen danger My team major, we party like teenagers I'm in the green Range, nigga I'm the Green Ranger {Gangsta Grizzill!} Team major, we party like teenagers I'm in the green Range, nigga I'm the Green Ranger Cole [Lil Wayne] Yeah, yeah, yeah I don't even like this beat But fuck it I'ma only spit like a few bars cause I don't like the beat Bitch I'm not old news, I'm more like gold shoes She eat my whole dick, she like Whole Foods They say I'm old school, but I dropped out Drop your body off, at a cop's house They throwin up them bricks, you better box out My niggaz got enough white to build Barack house I got my drawers on, Sam Rothstein Forty-four on my waist, Rick Ross jeans I've been faded, stone wash jeans New pussy, new money, New Orleans 50 up in that uzi, G-G-G-Unit I merc you with that bitch, scratch the serial number re-use it I'm from the N-O, stretch niggaz out like limos Uzi go zit-zit-zit-zit-zit-zit-zit, that's pimples Ugh, I'm 'bout to go banana puddin You a dyke cause your man a pussy Hit you from the blindside no Sandra Bullock Never bite the hand that feeds you always wash the hand that's cookin Tunechi! Hahaha, +D4+ hoe Shout out Cole You already know what it is, "Cole World" +Wayne's World+ We in this bitch hoe Special delivery At your front do', hahahaha Ahhh redbone bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Dedication 4 Song: I Don't Like Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Gotta do that before the top teachers run through this bitch Yeah... (UH-OH!) Let's do it Girls that don't do girls, that that shit I don't like Dick in her mouth, bitch eatin her out, that's that shit my girl like I'm layin back with my feet up, bad bitch, D-cups All I had was one molly and she took half - pre-nup I just licked my thumb and thumbed through that pussy like a catalogue All my niggas wanna fuck, and she gon' let us like a salad bar Yeah that's right, real shit, murderer, I kill kill Ca$h Money, cash cow, that never cry over spilled milk I'm way high on the highway, my girl call to get my lies straight That machine gun go "brrrr" like I got that bitch on vibrate Niggaz think they hot, I cut off the hand they fan with Call me DMX, cause I keep me a bad bitch T called some of them hoes up, Marley G, roll up I'm gettin bread like cold cuts, she suck dick 'til her nose run Ueah; a rich nigga that that shit they don't like All you niggaz pussies, none of you pussies tight Gettin head while I drive make me run lights These hoes wanna ride my dick you gotta hitchhike Um, no lie, I'm fuckin bitches and gettin paid She suck my dick for 60 seconds and swallow all my Minute Maid No lie, I'm gettin paid and fuckin bitches The feds on me, gotta switch plates In the streets we call that washin dishes Left hand on that steerin wheel, right hand on the nine milli T roll my blunt long as a lifespan then I kill it Eatin pussy, tongue kissin and all that She ridin a nigga so fast, my dick feel like it's been carjacked Two guns drawn, art class, what that is that's y'all ass Mo' money, mo' money, we gettin mowed like tall grass We are not one and the same Blood is the game, it run in my veins I bagged your bitch then fuck her Now come get your bitch from baggage claim, nigga! Dr. Carter, fuck her harder All my homies bald, nigga and guess what? I'm the barber I'm too high; if I come down my fat pockets my shock absorber Like Hank Gathers I'm a diaballer You flamin faggots put him out with water UNGH~!! See that's that shit I don't like Knock off your whole left side, now you all right Yeah white diamonds, Vanilla Ice My nigga Tunechi, yeah that nigga nice +Dedication 4+ hoe (My nigga Tunechi, yeah that nigga nice) C.B. fuck with me! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Dedication 4 Song: No Lie Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Ay turn the music up It sound like I'm loud as fuck and the music not I don't like that (DEDICATION 4!!!) I am sippin on that lean, don't bring me no bottles hoe I make it rain so hard, flowers grow, Hollygrove Fo' baby mommas, no baby momma drama Bad bitch at home sleep, I go home and sleep behind her uhh Shout out to my weed man, shout out to my lean man I'm sittin on these motherfuckin millions like a beanbag Fuck you, don't judge me, drug me then love me Eat me some pussy when I got the munchies I'm trippin, tell +Pippen+, to beam me, up +Scottie+ Got pounds of that kush watch me go on a diet That's no lie, I'm so hot, you pussy-ass niggaz, Massengill I got them yellow Xanax, I slipped on a banana peel Trukfit t-shirt, blunt dipped in syrup Pass that weed around like some fuckin hors d'oeuvres Man I'm shit faced and yo' bitch facin, she high too, fuckin right My number one F-A-N, you know what that mean, Fuck All Night Ugh~! Ha ha, yeah I'ma let that breathe Let that breathe Uhh nigga I fucked that bitch that's with ya And she send me naked pictures, if I was you I wouldn't kiss her You know why? Ha ha, you know why Yeah, uh, now all my bad bitches say word You ain't never jocked no nigga, you ain't never sweat no nigga Yeah, you don't want none of these niggaz Bitch, I none of these niggaz, hoe I be doin my own thing, red bone with a tongue ring We get home and she go straight for that head - gun range Fuck your feelings I'm feelin me - you want real? That's real as me Mask on, trick-or-treat, my sign say "Dick for free" All my homies ride or die, all my bitches ride or die I look her pussy eye-to-eye, then suck that motherfucker dry Yes Lord {*laughing*} Yeah and she say, "Yes Lord," hahaha Yeah - +Dedication 4+ hoe Scoob in this bitch with me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Flo Album: Dedication 4 Song: Magic Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] +Dedication 4+ - Drumatic nigga! Tune and dro [Flo] Ah! Pop another percocet My flow is retarded, I think I got a birth defect Highway to heaven, BOW! Where the fuck the chauffeur at? These niggaz softer than the pillows on my sofa set I'm fightin myself cause I don't see no competition I don't write, I draw that pistol, make your face a composition So please walk away before we stomp yo' ass Everyday is Halloween and you can get yo' +Pumpkin Smashed+ The ones you think your friends is really your haters So just do me a favor, and don't do me no favors All I need is a blunt and a cup of purple I put this together I coulda been a construction worker Niggaz looking funny, well I'm just gettin blunted And everybody's wonderin if I'm really with Young Money Well is a pig pussy pork? Do bears be shittin in the woods and wipe they ass with a rabbit when they finish? Turn my swagger super mean, but my bitches bad too And my flag bright red but my Lord tab blue, oop! Isn't it ironic I tell Tunechi pass the chronic Purple syrup, yellow Fanta, you can call it Magic Johnson AHHH! [Lil Wayne] Gone off the shrooms, I'm stoned like tomb Bitch, I do what "I do" like the groom Looking death in the eyes, kissin fear on the lips I'm so faded my nigga I'm bout to disappear in this bitch Like - poof, there go my roof, pow, there go my hammer Come around here stuntin, get +Jack+ like +O'Lantern+ Two times for them haters, head shots for them snitches If the best things in life are free, then why the fuck we pay attention? Uhh pockets on Neimans, I go dumb on dental dust Two many pills, too many blunts, two bitches named such-and-such It's Young Money we out'chea, we turnt up, 'bout that life My pockets fat like Jack Black, if I go broke, I'ma jack whites My bitch bad as fuck nigga, my goons bout that trigger play Merc one of these soft niggaz, now I'm in court for a pillow case This is the +Magic+ show but Tune ain't no trick hoe Fuck niggaz no Chris Stokes, it's me flow, D fo' Fishtailin out the parking lot like salmon She swallowed all my kids, bitch we coulda had a family The way I make the purp' disappear it straight vanish Smoke fire, spit fire, +Puff the Magic Dragon+ Tunechi! [Outro] +D4+ hoe Future fuck with me! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Dedication 4 Song: Wish You Would Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] (Aiyyo Weezy, pop that Trukfit) I'm lookin up at heaven, hoping my niggaz made it While I'm tryin to get them demons, out of my demonstration I'm like fuckin right I'm flexin on these pancake-ass niggaz These niggaz must be nuts, I castrate these niggaz - pause Then she stuck out her tongue Well since you act like a dog, I'ma fuck you like one I got this Tec in my drawers, and I murder for fun Man all these niggaz the same, it's like we watchin reruns And I am salt in the wound, I am soap in your eye These bitches thinkin they fly, I tell 'em roaches can fly Even at my low bitch I'm high, I'm tryin to stay focused I'm fine But if I crack one of these niggaz like a glow stick he shine But it's Trukfit skate or die, them bitches wastin my time And when they ask me where I'm from I say the great state of mind OK that loud got me stanky, that lean got me cranky They tell me think it over over and I end up over-thinking AUGHHH! Cause I don't know how fake feel nigga Cause all my life I've been a real nigga Yeah all my life I've been a real nigga Kidnap yo' wife, fuck her and still kill her Yeah - and I don't wanna take pills nigga But it's either that or take chances nigga Run up on you, click-clack: pay yo' taxes nigga We 'bout that action, these niggaz action figures Uhh~! Young Money on another level I like her pussy tighter than my fuckin schedule Man I love hitting yo' bitch like a lucky seven I'm running this shit, you niggaz runnin errands Money ain't shit to me I smoke all these niggaz, call it +Nigatine+ Yellowbone pussy, uh, lemon squeeze I ain't too proud to beg, so nigga please! Fake ass, bitch ass, you faker than yo' bitch ass We good, bitch bad; fat mouth, slim chance I see you niggaz hatin, wit'cha hatin ass I'm just lightin up, like laser tag Chopper clips is too long Send you back to where you came from Yeah - pussy niggaz get banged up I wish you would give a name up I wish you would nigga, I wish you would nigga They find yo' motherfuckin body in the woods nigga We on that good nigga, we ain't no good niggaz You niggaz stand under me, understood nigga? D4 {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Dedication 4 Song: A Dedication Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*set to instrumental of OutKast "SpottieOttieDopalicious"*} [Andre Benjamin] It's just my interpretation, of the situation [Lil Wayne] Yeah, and this is my dedication What's poppin? +Dedication 4+ hoe And this is dedicated, first off To my city (a dedication) The lost city of New Orleans But um, I wanna speak to my city And I wanna let them know that We can't be lost for long And we damn sure can't be lost forever So it's time to find ourselves within all that water Within all that dirt, within all that blood Within all that pain, within all them cries It's time to find ourselves New Orleans, because Memories are everything When I say memories are everything, I mean It's important what you are remembered by And trust me I, you, we don't wanna be remembered as the lost city Rather be remembered as the city that found glory after all that tragedy Strength, yeah~! Also I built a skate park down there to get them kids off the streets You're welcome!! But ummmmm We gotta get up mayne... Fuck it! Rise above it, yeah So, lotta people ask me, what'chu gon' do for yo' city I be like - motherfucker? Ye' ain't hear what you just said? What'chu gon' do for yo' city motherfucker? That's my city! Therefore I still got family members, in that city mayne! What the fuck I'ma do for THEM, y'knahmean? And I do my best, trust me And that's what the fuck I do for my city, yeah I do this behalf of my city man That's what the fuck I do for my city, I do me, for my city So therefore, I am remembered by... my city Ya dig? And this is also dedicated to Them bitch niggaz You hoe niggaz You pussy niggaz You broke niggaz, yeah Fuck you with a sick dick - pause I cain't stand you pussy-asses And this also dedicated to them rat bitches First off... them chocolate women I know talk about them yellow bitches and red bitches all the time But umm, this dedicated to them chocolate women Ya dig? I ain't say bitches or hoes I gotta chill down, hehehe Yeah, and this is dedicated to the yellow bitches and the red bitches Uhh, y'knahmtalkinbout? Uhh This also dedicated to my niggaz, my homies They still pump that bass, hehehe Fo'-nick' with a dick nigga (yeah) What'chu gon' do about that? (god, damn) This dedicated to all my muh'fuckin niggaz that fucks with me, pause Been down with me since day one Niggaz that been down with me since day two Niggaz that been down with me since today It's love nigga And uh, this also dedicated to the motherfuckers that helped out this mixtape My nigga Mike Banga, that nigga Young Jeezy Jae Millz, J. Cole, J Gudda, Lil Flo, Lil Mouse The beautiful Nicki Minaj DJ Drama, that nigga Taz Bo, Mack Maine You know what it is, Stunna Man All Young Money Cash Money niggaz This also dedicated to my skatin niggaz Trukfit truk the world, 5-0 E.G.K., you know what it is Supra, all that shit Shout out to the whole skatin world I appreciate y'all for acceptin a real nigga Bustin my ass and shit but umm, pause I get it We that shit nigga, fuck wrong wit'chu? And this also dedicated to you Whoever you are, wherever you are, however you are I hope I'm remembered {*OutKast continues to the right before the end*} +D4+ hoe, rest in peace Chris Lighty Artist: Lil Wayne Album: I Am Not a Human Being II Song: IANAHB Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*instrumental piano playing until 1:43*} [Lil Wayne] I'm in the crib butt naked bitch She said my dick could be the next black President Americans hate that I'm American Medicine, I treat it like peppermints Uhh! I'm in the ocean gettin shark pussy Shoot you in your fuckin mouth and make you talk to me Sometimes I need someone to talk to cause "I Am Not a Human Being - Part II" Gettin paid, show money for walkthroughs Lettin all these hoes ride my dick, car pool My bars passed the bar exam, no law school Cash Money Army, veteran with my war wounds Uhh - what'cha man doin? I pop his motherfuckin top like a canned good And all my niggaz that I roll with are hella armed And last night I took a Transformer and had a dream that my dick turned to Megatron But my girl, was sleepin with Decepticons Money talks, man and mine talks lecture long P-U-S-S-Y, my second home I be grindin on them hoes like a half pipe She say "Tunechi you the shit, you need your ass wiped" I said "Before you gas me up, check the gas price" Then I make her take this dick like advice, hehe She see-saw it, she suck it and enjoy it I stick it in her ass like some fuckin steroids Jose Canseco, make no mistake-o like a white boy wearin black paint you're a fake ass nigga Break pads nigga - wait {You ain't in my weight class nigga} Lookin for the motherfuckin man in the mirror Runnin this shit like a +Fawcett, Farrah+, barra-cuda Who the fuck you are? I can make your bitch root for me like I grew her Bodies in the sewer tampons in manure 90 billions bitches on my stick like a skewer That's swag, I'm a +True Blood+, bitch no fangs Been went pro, now I'm goin propane Tell the bitch get off me, bitch get off me I got her over here blowin me like coffee; decaffinated Hand me that paper like I graduated And I get head while it's decapitated Hehe; think it's a game nigga come play I'm with my killer bees; fuck bug spray Yeah, Young Money so gangsta I personally know strangers It's so strange but this girl named Dana, like to go anal Shoot 'em in his head, what's that? No brainer Plain ol' nigga, but a break from the norm I wear my heart on my sleeve so don't be breakin my arm I rather ring your fuckin neck before I ring the alarm I dream to meet a serial killer that'll bring me along - with him I gotta hit 'em like redbones with long hair Fuck with me, your ass is grass, get a lawn chair I was fuckin before my dick started growin hair Bitches sweatin me like John Mayer, or warm air Mannnn, nuts and bananas~!! You know how the tables turn where are yo' table manners? If you fake, put a egg in yo' shoe and scramble No rubber; I just fucked this piano - nigga!! Look, do you [Outro] Turn it up Yeah, hello world As I always say I, am not, a human being... TWO The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Boo Album: I Am Not a Human Being II Song: Curtains Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] I ain't nervous, hehe I swear to God I ain't nervous, nawww, nah And I'm laughin at them pussy niggaz and that pussy shit they doin I'm gettin cake like I'm Jewish, my nigga Drake he Jewish I swear to God I ain't nervous, naww, he he Okay I swear to god I ain't nervous I swear to God I ain't nervous I said I swear to god I ain't nervous I got her workin twerkin and slurpin - my sepernt Ain't got no problems in this bitch, for certain I see you turnin up but yo' turn up ain't workin Just want some bottle and lip service And I got all my niggaz in that truck like an Excursion Ok I'm straight action - no ricochet That pussy boneless - that's Chick-Fil-A I fuck with real riders, and they tickets paid For them dead presidents, we will start diggin graves I swear my momma trust my work, so I give these hoes that work They say the best things in life are free That's why it cost for you to get get murked And my pants saggin like fuck it, I'm still on my business Spent my birthday in jail, I was makin bad decisions Saw my enemy at the light, shot him up before it turned green Man my niggaz got them birds, you ain't even got birdseed Yo' bitch ride me like a go kart I play that pussy like Mozart I Mozart these hoes hearts then after that they worthless [Chorusk 1: Lil Wayne] Man, I swear to God I ain't nervous I said I swear to God I ain't nervous I don't know, I swear to God I ain't nervous And that pussy don't get purchased - hoe Ain't got no problems in this bitch, for certain I see you turnin up but yo' turn up ain't workin I like 'em long hair and curvy And if niggaz think it's a game, I'll leave they brains on they jerseys [Lil Wayne] She say she love me, that's the molly talkin She 'bout to blow me, like a signing bonus She got a nigga, but he ain't me bitch I'm an original gangster he the remix Girl do you use that same mouth to kiss yo' momma? I say, only God can judge me, fuck your honor Yeah, and, her birthday suit is her pajamas She say "I didn't know your dick was a recliner" I'll punch your man in his eye, give him a shiner I'll blind him, him and whoever co-sign him, I get Adam like Yolonda Youn Money Cash Money's Obama, it's fuck the world, no condom If he twisted I'll unwind him, and this pistol came with a silence [Chorus 2: Lil Wayne] But I swear to God he heard it! Yea, and I swear to God I ain't nervous, naww I swear to God I ain't nervous, uh-uh Bitch I'm the God, I should be rappin in a turban Ain't got no problems in this bitch and that's for certain I see you turnin up but yo' turn up ain't workin (yeah) Baby, I just want some bottle and lip service She gon' ride this dick like the Kentucky, Derby [Boo] On that Pat-ron, I'm swervin, game tight like virgins Got a bad bitch, she Persian, call her AK when she's squirtin You see the niggaz I'm with, that boy Boo the shit As lonh as I got a face, yo' bitch got a place to sit Yeah I'm wildin off them shroomies, ain't got "No Worries" like Tunechi All my chicks be bougie, wanna hold hands, then watch movies I'll be God damned, make a nigga lose it, ain't no talkin, let's get to it Real niggaz winnin, fake niggaz losing bitch I'll leave that pussy with bruises [Lil Wayne] Girl, I swear to God I ain't nervous, uh-uh I swear to God I ain't nervous Now hoe you know I swear to God I ain't nervous I got her workin, twerkin and slurpin - my serpent Ain't got no problems in this bitch and that's for certain You fuck with Tunechi, you end up a missin person She got Lil Tunechi on her booty, in cursive I'm gettin head behind the Maybach - curtains Yeah~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ 2 Chainz Album: I Am Not a Human Being II Song: Days and Days Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "You leave your home, for days and days..." [Lil Wayne] Yeah Money ain't shit, bitches ain't neither You know I'm on that grass, don't cut on the sprinklers Pussy on my mind, on my breath and on my finger Niggaz try to bite my style but my style a jalapeno I got skinny-ass jeans, trucks on pocket Money talks nigga, I'm caught up in the gossip You know all my bitches badder, and all my Swishers fatter I milk this shit like cattle, that's my word like Scrabble And yo' main girl is a hoe, I go Wayne's World in her throat She swallows so many nuts you fuck around find a squirrel in her throat I go tapeworm on that hoe, let my snake squirm in that hoe Nigga we take turns in that hoe, these niggaz so green they glow I am the best thing since wet pussy on my private jet with my chef cookin So big headed my neck crooked my niggaz foul when the ref lookin My big bro is Mack Maine, so much weed I got grass stains Deez nuts, that's baggage claim, I'm on them trees like candy canes Lil Tunechi {*echoes*} [2 Chainz] TWO CHAINS~!!! I might book me for a show Charge my ass the low and pick up the whole dough That's hustlenomic$, I was high in my class pictures I like math - all I did was add bitches Swagger galore, got your girl on all fo's It's not doggystyle - I call it, froggystyle! You dog her out I tell her - hop in 2 Chainz, my first chain had a twin Gas in my blunt, watchin ESPN And - if that pussy good I wanna see her again Yeah - I'm from College Park and I got your broad with me (with me) Salt water pool, I can put a shark in it Everythang's authentic (true) plus I named my pistol Last name "Fuck" first name "I Don't Give A" Pockets look pregnant; they 'bout to deliver So when I start pimpin, you know the procedure - God! "You leave your home, for days and days..." [Lil Wayne] Alright, uhh All my niggaz gangstas, all my bitches freaks I tickle her pussy, got that pussy tickled pink I'm the heart of these streets, and I just skipped a beat And if that pussy sweet I want that candy trick or treat I got diamonds in my teeth, so all my words are precious I'm so fuckin hot I sssssssss, I'ma need some mo' S's Man I'm some other shit, I want another bitch that want another bitch, and I don't cuddle bitch I hit her with that shovel dick, I got in that pussy and dug a ditch Some people gotta punch the clock, man I'd rather punch a brick Cause I'm that nigga - and I'm so cold I just shivered These niggaz think they hard, these niggaz is nipples I pop a nigga like a sickle, drop a nigga like a missile Mo' money mo' issues, I size you up then fit you - Tunechi! "You leave your home, for days and days..." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Gudda Gudda Album: I Am Not a Human Being II Song: Gunwalk Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*coughing*} Yeah hoe! [Intro/Chorus: Lil Wayne] I'm strapped up, nigga fuck a gun law (Yeah hoe!) See me walkin with a limp, that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!) I don't do no arguin, I let the gun talk (Yeah hoe!) ... Yeah~! I'm strapped up, nigga fuck a gun law (Yeah hoe!) See me walkin with a limp, that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!) I don't do no arguin, I let the gun talk (Yeah hoe!) And there's no talkin back when my gun talk (Yeah hoe!) [Lil Wayne] See me walkin with a limp, that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!) That's my gun walk, nigga that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!) See me walkin with a limp, that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!) That's my gun walk, nigga that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!) Uhh - fuck that nigga, hoe ass nigga Leave that nigga with a toe tag nigga Barrel so long, you can pole dance nigga Run up in your house where the dope at nigga? "Murder She Wrote" on a notepad nigga Light that nigga up, smoke that nigga Stomp that nigga, roast that nigga I walk around with this shotgun And this bitch bigger than me nigga Don't open up yo' fuckin mouth cause I'll pull the trigger like teeth nigga Shoot 'em up, then leave nigga, I smell Summer's Eve nigga We shoot first it's better - to give than receive, nigga!! [Lil Wayne] Keep that hoe shit over there (Yeah hoe!) And we don't shoot in the air (Yeah hoe!) I can't fuck with these niggaz man these niggaz gummy bears Hair trigger on the gun I pull that motherfucker hair It's like man you can't trust nobody; I don't even have a trust fund Don't buck nigga, don't stunt nigga, don't duck nigga, cause I duck hunt Bitch rock with me, that Glock with me, that chopper with me, obviously I'ma empty this motherfucker that's fifty shots, approximately Now fuck with me, get fucked over; emergency room, rushed over Hollow tips, in the clip, my gun loaded - yours sober I pull yo' card like a lawn mower, fall back or I'm goin forward I see you got yo' gun drawn, I send you back to the drawin board Lil Tunechi! [Chorus] - second half with overlapping samples [Gudda Gudda] (Yeah!!) Walkin round this muh'fucker limpin Cause the nose on the pistol 'bout as long as Scotty Pippen's On the molly and I'm twisted, throw your body with the fishes Double back around that corner and I'm bodyin the witness Huh, real niggaz don't talk much, do driveby's and walk ups Lame rappers that talk tough get a broke jaw - star struck I don't fuck with the lame niggaz, I got good aim nigga Pop a pill, pop you, my nick name is Pain Killer I'm still that same nigga, Eastside I rep that Pussy niggaz better get right or where I see you you get left at (Yeah hoe!) Use the rifle as my crutch, that's my gun walk Or we can hold a conversation, let the guns talk {*boom*} Gudda! (Yeah hoe!) I'm strapped up, nigga fuck a gun law (Yeah hoe!) See me walkin with a limp, that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!) I don't do no arguin, I let the gun talk (Yeah hoe!) And there's no talkin back when it go off (Yeah hoe!) I'm strapped up, nigga fuck a gun law (Yeah hoe!) See me walkin with a limp, that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!) I don't do no arguin, I let the gun talk (Yeah hoe!) [Lil Wayne] Speechless, speechless, speechless, speechless, speechless When I cock back - speechless See me walkin with a limp, that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!) That's my gun walk, nigga that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!) See me walkin with a limp, that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!) That's my gun walk, nigga that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!) (Yeah hoe!) (Yeah hoe!) (Yeah hoe!) (Yeah hoe!) (Yeah hoe!) (Yeah hoe!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Detail Album: Dedication 4 Song: No Worries Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Detail] You can look me in my face (I ain't got no worries) {*3X*} See the shrooms keep me up, so (I ain't got no worries) {*3X*} You see money, right there, yeah that's Tunechi, right there (turnt up) Yeah that's Mack Maine right there, and we ain't got no worries You see pussy, right there, redbone mangos, right there See them shroomies, right there (yeah) we ain't got no worries [Lil Wayne] Tunechi in this bitch, e'rybody should be worried Them pussy niggaz be purrin, bitches be diggin me I feel buried And if she make this dick hard, she woke up a sleepin giant Man yo' bitch speak in tongues, every time we speak in private Hope your barber shop open, cause we got hair triggers Smoke so much that Smokey the Bear, have to bear with us And that Jeep with the do's off, that means that bitch sleek All these bitch think they're the shit, I send them up shit's creek You see Tunechi right here, give me brain ideas It's okay if you turned up, just don't turn off my light years All I know is I do it what I'm smokin, I grew it These are Blood gang, Piru, and all rats gotta die, even Stewart On my private jet is my stewardess is your bitch nigga, bitch Nigga I know gold-diggers and ditch-diggers You don't get dissed, you get disfigured She say sorry I didn't shave, so that pussy a little furry I put that pussy in my face - I ain't got no worries TUNECHI~! [Lil Wanye] We ain't got no worries She bad as a hooker, so she ain't got no worries She want me to eat her sugar, I say "Why you in a hurry?" She say "Why you askin questions?" I say "Bitch you tryin to be funny" Now take your fuckin clothes off, let me see that Donkey Kong I swinh your ass back and forth, back and forth on my monkey bars That camel toe that camel toe, no worries no panty-hose These niggaz fallin off like baggy clothes, I smoke more than a magic show I swear I saw my hoe, I swear she was with my hoe You know I fucked them both, sore pussy and sore throat Bitch it's Tunechi and I'm out'chea, no worries, no worries I would talk about my dick, but man that shit be a long story [Wayne - over Chorus] YEAHHH OHH SHIT UH-HUH YEAHH YOUNG MULA BABY The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: I Am Not a Human Being II Song: Back to You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: unknown singer] And now I knowwww, the only compass that I neeeed Is the onnnnnne, that leads back to youuuuuu And I knowwww, the only compass that I neeeed Oh is the onnnnnne, that leads back to youuuuuu [Lil Wayne] She had cat eyes, nine lives, no tan lines, thigh highs She ride me like a driveby, I'm real these niggaz sci-fi But that's neither here nor there, she been contemplatin short hair She said she tryin to be different but she just like the rest of these bitches But that's neither here nor there, and my dick is her chair It be sexual warfare, I be loaded like software Got so many hoes I'm hoein, but she the only one worth knowin And yeah I do my dirt, but that's for the flowers to grow in I ain't trippin, but she be trippin They ain't got shit on me, but she keep sniffin Look girl just gimme that brain, and I'll return the favor Them hoes say I'm a dog, but how come I don't chase 'em? I liquor with no chaser, I pick her out a line-up I just wanted some time, she say "Okay I'm your honor" But she been wantin to break up, since Dolce & Gabbana All that ass I just be like "Come sit yo' groceries on my counter" I drink tea, she drink wine, call it tea-a-wanna/Tijuana I dyin to meet a girl, but she want me to meet her momma Swear I may go Issey Miyake, Bond #9 The weed is funky, but I'm smellin fine - Tunechi~! [Lil Wayne - over Chorus to start] I'm puttin my hat back on She said!! Yeah... Uhhh! I've got that shit in my system Somebody gon' be my victim Eh! So where you at with it? Cause I can't do it by myself, I need an ass-istant I got that good good, that get right, that early mornin, that midnight I beat it up, like a fist fight, one, two, three, fo', five, six nights That dick all in yo' windpipe, some of her friends I dislike Some of yo' friends, they alright, sometimes I think y'all all dykes But fuck all that, I'm on one, don't wanna be with the wrong one That cold head, that warm tongue, my third leg run marathons I feel you like I'm blind girl; can't you see, it's meant to be So come to me, then cum for me, my game cold, one degree I'm rollin with two bad bitches cause misery loves company One sweet, one sour; my honeybee and my bumblebee I miss you in the worst way, ride that dick no speed bumps No red lights, no stop signs, just get to Lil Tunechi [Lil Wayne - over Chorus to start] I put my glasses back on, eh! She said!! Now I know... get to me baby You need to get to me baby, I'm waitin Uhh, uhh, should I call somebody else? Cause girl it's almost twelve and this dick won't suck itself Girl you know it need some help, it'll make a nigga's day If you said you on your way - yeah Yeah - should I call somebody else? Cause girl it's almost twelve and this dick won't suck itself Girl you know it need some help, it'll make a nigga's day I just hope you know the way - and she said [Lil Wayne over Chorus] Yeah, I'm puttin you back on That's right - and she said! You need, to get to me But you already got to me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Soulja Boy Album: I Am Not a Human Being II Song: Trigger Finger Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] I ain't lookin back nigga I'm a douchebag to these pussy ass niggaz Hammer in my drawers but I nail yo' bitch Blunts like fingers, I'm bout to make a fist Everybody die, gon' bury me alive Grab life by the horns, put the bullshit aside Glock clip full like the moon in the sky I'm at the gas station addin fuel to the fire "Life ain't shit but bitches and money" I pass that weed, like I studied Bury me in fire and watch me Phoenix Highway to heaven, I'm takin the scenic You tied to the track of my train of thoughts And controllin my thoughts is like tamin sharks And these hoes wanna kick it with me I'm a sensei And I got fat pockets, you niggaz in shape Tools on deck, tattoos on necks Life is a bitch, I'll make her yo' ex Better turn to God 'fore I turn to Godzilla How the fuck you gon' talk shit to diarrhea? Motherfucker it's on, I'm just rubbin 'em wrong Put a bug in my ear, but not in my phone I'll have a broke motherfucker run in your home For a crumb and a bone and put {one in your dome} {One in your dome} {*8X to fade*} Empty stomach, full clip I'm gon' get it, gon' get it Empty stomach, full clip I'm gon' get it, gon' get it My trigger finger itchin {*5X*} Nigga {*echoes*} [Lil Wayne] "I don't like to dream about gettin paid" You Ain't Gon' Hurt Nobody+ like Kid 'n Play Ain't nuttin sweet but the codeine nigga Eyes hella red like chlorine nigga I was gettin that pussy, I was gettin that money Long hair, don't care, Hacksaw Jim Duggan Too high to take a breath, too high to take a step Two rights don't make a wrong, three rights, make a left The cops on my dick, the feds on my nerves I walk it like I talk it, got legs on my words If she don't suck dick, I don't give her that dick Got the world in my hands, I'ma dribble that bitch Money is the issue, full court pressure I like my blunt, +Nutty Professor+ I'm a straight rider with a getaway driver Hit you dead on the money, now you dead on arrival I don't fuck with these niggaz, too old for new friends ... but never too rich for new money These niggaz buying Haterade by the twelve pack - like two stomachs I'm laced up like two shoes miss goody, keep that ratchet nigga Trigger finger itchin I'll scratch you nigga Blow yo fuckin brains out in traffic nigga Got green, New Orleans, St. Patrick nigga One bitch on the whip, one on the phone The one on the phone, is in front of your home She 'bout to run in your home and put {one in your dome} [Soulja Boy] Rest in peace to the game cause I'm fresh to death Rest in peace to the game, tell them kill theyself Make yo' death wish, cause I'm too fresh Cause I'm fresh to death, cause I'm fresh to death You go broke tryin to get fresh like this Rest in peace to the game cause I killed it I'm fresh to death, I'm fresh to death What you talkin? I came out a coffin - yeah~!! [Lil Wayne] I just can't see myself, livin in a house of mirrors I bought me a double R, cause I went from rags to riches And these niggaz nag like bitches, actin like little fags like +Richard+ And all of my bitches be bad as vision You got a problem I can fix it like a mathematician I ammunition, call me ammo for short Trukfit shirt, camou the shorts Your girl is a freak, your man is a narc Put ya son in ya arm, or put {one in your dome} {One in your dome} {*8X to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Gunplay Album: I Am Not a Human Being II Song: Beat the Shit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Pussy-ass nigga, pussy-ass nigga Ol' pussy ass nigga... yeah Fuck with me wrong, take me out my zone And I'll knock the motherfuckin snow off of your cone, my nigga Man it stink in this bitch It must be them pussy-ass niggaz talkin shit So beat the shit out that pussy-ass nigga Beat the shit out that pussy-ass nigga Bitch-ass, hoe-ass, pussy-ass nigga I'll beat the shit out that pussy-ass nigga We beat the shit out that pussy-ass nigga Beat the shit out that pussy-ass nigga Beat the shit out that pussy-ass nigga [Gunplay] I'm a knuckle throwin knucklehead, what that muh'fucker said? Bring that ruckus up in here - throwin bottles, chuckin chairs Got the pretty models duckin, breakin heels and chippin nails Turn around and go right back to breakin down my cigaril' Clumbin up with Sugar Hill, slidin down in somethin new Smellin gin & jungle juice, and I got that lumber too And I brought a fuckin zoo, tear this shit up and chuck a deuce This Triple C, they Triple L - "Lames Loev to Lose" A hundred million in my horoscope 'bout to show you a horror show Boot your fuckin head off your collar bone Them niggaz title bums, flinchin at the sight of arms Them pussy niggaz ain't eatin but we fry the farm Beat a nigga down 'til he left without a vital sign [Lil Wayne] I run off in your fuckin shit, damn now I got shit stains All these fuckin tattoos, and I ain't got one bitch name Got a pocket full of ass-whoopings, I'm givin 'em out like nicknames What's up wit'cho fist game? You'll catch a hook - fish hang Watch me cock the +Nina+, call that rough sex Knock your head off, you just a rough neck And if I'm shootin at ya, nigga all net Ain't no +World Peace+, just +Ron Artest+ Dick-in-the-booty-ass nigga, die-quicker-than-movie-ass nigga Extra-fruit-in-the-smoothie-ass nigga, get beat like a drum, music class nigga Brrr! Life is a gamble, dyin is your best bet Got a +Scope+ on the pistol, give your ass fresh breath Give my fist a kiss nigga - told you [Lil Wayne] Uhh - what's really good nigga? I'm feelin good, nigga Rest in peace lil' Wesley Wes, a pussy-ass nigga always kill a good nigga I'm high as heaven, I'll pop the reverend to stop a weddin Got more money than memories in the bank - don't forget it Clean 'em up, my team is up, I'm high as Scotty, beam me up They say we all gotta pay the price; fuck it man - ring me up Fuckin right I skate hoe - pussy is my scapegoat And all these pussy-ass niggaz that's hatin kiss my ass - besos I'm a genius, take notes - I'll split your egg to the egg yolk I'll be dead before I be dead broke; still burn money, my bread toast Fuck it if you got it, spend it nigga, but just keep your two pennies nigga Start shit and I'll end it nigga, don't open your mouth, I'm a dentist nigga Lil' Tunechi... give my fist a kiss nigga [Outro] So beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga Beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga Bitch-ass, hoe-ass, pussy-ass nigga I'll beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga We beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga Beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga Beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga Beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga Fuck with me wrong, take me out my zone I'll bring it to your chest make you +King+ me like +Kong+, my nigga What you drink in this bitch? I'll give you a whole bottle of it to your face Nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ 2 Chainz Album: I Am Not a Human Being II Song: Rich as Fuck Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Lil Wayne] Uh. AK on my night stand, right next to that bible But I swear with these 50 shots, I'll shoot it out with 5-0 Pockets gettin too fat, no Weight Watchers, no lipo Money talks, bullshit walks on a motherfuckin tight rope And I make that pussy tap out, I knock that pussy out cold Nigga you get beat the crap out. but that's just how the dice roll These hoes want that hose pipe, so I give all these hoes pipe She get on that dick and stay on, all night like porch lights Let's do it, fuck talkin, we out here, we ballin And I'm sprayin at these rusty niggaz like WD-40 We fucked up, we Truk'd up, no if ands or butt-fucks Bitch niggaz go, behind yo' back like nun-chucks and that's fucked up But my hoes down, my cups up, my niggaz down for whatever These bitches think dey too fly well tell 'em hoes I pluck feathers I'm Tunechi, Young Tunechi, I wear Trukfit, FUCK Gucci~! She's blowin kisses at me with her pussy lips, smooches and that's 2 Chainz... [Chorus: 2 Chainz] Look at you, now look at us... ALL MY NIGGAZ LOOK RICH AS FUCK! All my niggaz look rich as fuck! All my niggaz look rich as fuck!! Look at you, now look at us... All my niggaz look rich as fuck! (Biiiiiitch!) All my-all my niggaz look rich as fuck! (You hoe-ass bitc-...) All my ni-... [Lil Wayne] Never talk to the cops, I don't speak Pig Latin I turned a +Penny+ to a motherfuckin Janet Jackson Tell the bitches that be hatin I ain't got +No Worries+ I just wanna hit and run like I ain't got insurance... hoe What's yo' name? What's yo' sign? Zodiac Killer All rats gotta die, even Master Splinter  Yah, murder 187 I be killin them bitches, I hope +All Dogs Go to Heaven+ And I got xanax, percocet, promethazine with codeine Call me Mr. Sandman, I'm sellin all these hoes dreams Got a white girl with big titties, flat ass, TV screen I keep a bad bitch call me the +B.B. King+ And you know I got dat mouth out her, and put that bitch out like a house fire I'm killin these hoes like Michael Myers, I eat that cat just like a lion And I cain't trust none of these niggaz, cain't trust none of these hoes And I see yo' girl, when I want, I got that ho TiVo'd, uh Got a red-ass bitch with a red-ass pussy  Nigga try me, that's a dead-ass pussy Cause y'all motherfuckers so blind to the fact To tell you the truth, I don't care who's lookin All I know is I love my bitch, that pussy feel just like heaven on earth Six feet deep, dick shovel in the dirt, R.I.P. -- Rest In Pussy Light that shit then pass that shit, we gon' get so smoked out And then I went got locked up, every night I dreamt I broke out One time for them pussy niggaz, that's that shit I don't like We eatin over here nigga, fuck around and have a food fight and that's 2 Chainz... [Chorus: 2 Chainz] (Wayne)  Look at you, now look at us... (uh..yeah) ALL MY NIGGAZ LOOK RICH AS FUCK! (What?) All my niggaz look rich as fuck! (What??) ALL MY NIGGAZ LOOK RICH AS FUCK~!! Look at you, now look at us... (Man fuck all y'all bitches, straight up) All my niggaz look rich as fuck! (Any bitch out that lane that won't give me no pussy...) All my-all my niggaz look rich as fuck! (..Fuck you in yo' asshole, bitch!) All my-all my niggaz look rich as fuck!  (...And yo' nigga a hoe) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Juicy J (Three 6 Mafia) Album: I Am Not a Human Being II Song: Trippy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] (We trippy mane!) (Mane, mane, mane, mane, mane, mane, mane...) Uhh [Lil Wayne] Blue skies, blue skies, I see you with my red eyes Bust yo' fuckin grape nigga, turn yo' shit to red wine Don't fuck up my high nigga, I'm too gone - bye nigga She get dick weed and ignored, that's a D.W.I. nigga My skin crawlin, my walls talkin, the pictures in here lookin at me The ground movin, I'm seein shit, I'm blowin like I'm stuck in traffic I'm smoking on that strong, got me +coffin+ like I'm gettin buried I've been fuckin Mary Jane, I knew her when she was just Virgin Mary I'm stoned, +Mick Jagger+, I can run around Saturn Eyes rollin back, and keep blinkin like hazards I said king me, king me with my mushroom, crown on I graduated to better drugs, my cap and - gown on Don't knock me off my high horse, what I do is my choice I'm high as the scoreboard, bitch look up at my points I'm trippin out, cotton mouth, I got high and fell asleep loaded I woke up and got high again, "Okay! I'm reloaded" [Chorus 4X: Juicy J] * Weed, pills and that drank That's my trippy kit {*3X*} * 4th time "That's my trippy kit" doesn't repeat in first Chorus [Lil Wayne] Shout out to my weed man, shout out to my lean man Pussy-ass nigga wanna spark somethin, I'm a gasoline can I'm high nigga don't blow it, I trust it far as I could throw it I don't know if I'm comin or goin, T make my blunt a Samoan And I see lights flashin, life passin, take a bitch home fuck like rabbits Styrofoam cups and wine glasses, shot glasses, hot flashes My tongue numb, I can't talk, no balance, my spine hurts My mind surf, my eye jerks, I try different drugs, I'm diverse Goodbye Earth - farewell; high as heaven, eyes low as hell Keep scratchin, keep bitin my nails, keep lightin an L, I'm a kite in the air I like weed brownies and cookies, I'm straight but seein crooked I got my trippy kit, I hope I trip and fall in some pussy - Tunechi~! [Juicy J] Musty herb in a ziplock, twisted off top notch Weed that I smoke, straight off a boat Six foot bong, tryin to see what I toke (see it!) This that Cali kush I motivate not gloat (mm-hmm) All I need is Mary, let the models do the coke Tryna get some Becky in the backseat of the ghost (ghost) Hit the weed man, tell him that I need a bag Wake up e'ry mornin and I take a drag (we smokin!) Take the blunt, dip it in the lean then I laugh (you know what it is) In your baby momma ear and I'm gonna smash (bitch) They call me the Trippy King, don't try me nigga (turnt up) Juicy J with the Taylors, Chinese eyes nigga (turnt up!) [Outro] Uhh! Man fuck these ol' bitch-ass niggaz The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Drake, Future Album: I Am Not a Human Being II Song: Bitches Love Me (Good Kush & Alcohol) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Hook: Future & Drake] I'm on that good kush and alcohol I got some down bitches I can call I don't know what I would do without y'all I'ma ball til the day I fall Yeah, long as my bitches love me (yeah, yeah) I can give a fuck 'bout no hater Long as my bitches love me I can give a fuck 'bout no niggas Long as these bitches love me [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] Uh, pussy ass nigga stop hating Lil Tunechi got that fire And these hoes love me like Satan, man! Fuck with me and get bodied And all she eat is dick She's on a strict diet, that's my baby With no makeup she a ten And she the best with that head Even better than Karrine She don't want money She want the time we could spend She said "Cause I really need somebody So tell me you're that somebody" Girl, I fuck who I want and fuck who I don't Got that A1 credit, that's that fillet mignon She said "I never wanna make you mad I just wanna make you proud" I said "Baby just make me cum Then don't make no sound" [Hook: Future & Drake] I'm on that good kush and alcohol I got some down bitches I can call I don't know what I would do without y'all I'ma ball til the day I fall Yeah, long as my bitches love me (yeah, yeah) I can give a fuck 'bout no hater Long as my bitches love me I can give a fuck 'bout no niggas Long as these bitches love me [Verse 2: Lil Wayne] Real nigga fuck these haters These hoes got pussies like craters Can't treat these hoes like ladies, man! Pussy, money, weed, codeine She say my dick feel like morphine I hope my name taste like sardines to these niggas She wake up, eat this dick, call that breakfast in bed 69, 96, I feel her heartbeat I chest to chest with this bitch Now turn around, face down, I'm arrestin' this bitch Yeah, all my bitches love me and I love all my bitches But it's like as soon as I cum, I come to my senses And I would say these hoes name But then I would be snitching And these haters try to knock me But they can't knock me off the hinges, man! [Hook: Future & Drake] I'm on that good kush and alcohol I got some down bitches I can call I don't know what I would do without y'all I'ma ball til the day I fall Yeah, long as my bitches love me (yeah, yeah) I can give a fuck 'bout no hater Long as my bitches love me I can give a fuck 'bout no niggas Long as these bitches love me [Bridge: Lil Wayne (x2)] I lost a few good bitches Met some more bad bitches And I be schooling them niggas Pose for your class picture Now kiss my ass if you hating I'm getting ass, I'm skating. [Hook: Future & Drake] I'm on that good kush and alcohol I got some down bitches I can call I don't know what I would do without y'all I'ma ball til the day I fall Yeah, long as my bitches love me (yeah, yeah) I can give a fuck 'bout no hater Long as my bitches love me I can give a fuck 'bout no niggas Long as these bitches love me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: I Am Not a Human Being II Song: Romance Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] I always do you favors, and that's romance That's romance, that's romance I fucked you on your job, and that's romance That's romance, that's romance And I don't give a fuck, but... I got to I got to, yeah yeah They say the best, part, of waking up is breakfast after a nut [Lil Wayne] And that's romance, that's romance That's romance, that's romance We fuck and crash - that's romance That's romance, that's romance Okay - fuck my hand, suck my thumb Be a lady, and buy me lunch Send me cards, and make me read But don't send me no flowers, unless it's weed Cause I'm that nigga, she say I'm that nigga She ain't got a man but act like I'm that nigga She check my iPhone - what's that about? Any other hoe I woulda cussed her ass out But that's romance, that's romance That's romance, that's romance She kiss my ankle when I twist my ankle She even did anal when she don't do anal My bitch I'm thankful - let's hold hands Can we? Hehe Let's slow dance, shall we? Hehe And we gon' be like one, two, one, two She say I'm the one, girl you the one - too I stand up in that pussy like a sun, roof Hehe, yeah [Lil Wayne] Okay now give me coochie at my momma's crib On Thanksgiving, everybody listening All your homegirls bad, and dare I guess Let 'em all in, and I'll play chef That's romance, cause we so real She said she can not take the pain if it ain't a pill She say fuck these hoes - they just mad We fucked a hoe together - that's romance If you got cups, and I got drank I take my rubber off and put that money in the bank I ain't 'cho friend, fuck that shit Try to find another me - girl good luck with that shit [Outro Chorus] Cause I always do you favors, and that's romance That's romance, that's romance I fucked you on the table, and that's romance That's romance, that's romance And I don't give a fuck, but baby, I got to I got to, yeah yeah They say the best, part, of waking up is breakfast after a nut [Intro Chorus first half] + [Outro Chorus second half] [Lil Wayne] That's romance, that's romance {*2X*} That's romance... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: I Am Not a Human Being II Song: God Bless Amerika Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Uhh - my mind's filled with mine fields The ashes fall, the wine spills The world stops, drops, and rolls It's judgment day or a fire drill Yeah! I pour out my heart, have a drink They say the drunk never lie, they ain't never lyin Yeah; my country 'tis of thee Sweet land of kill 'em all and let 'em die God bless Amerika Uhh, this ol' Godless Amerika I heard tomorrow ain't promised today The end of time is like a hour away [Lil Wayne] Damn - military minded, lost and can't find it The stars on the flag are never shinin Uhh - I saw a butterfly in Hell today Will I die or go to jail today? Cause I live by the sword, and die by the sword Heard po-lice was lookin for me, I'ma hide by a broad Shootin stars in my pocket, bitch sit on my rocket I'm wired out the socket, but still shockin Everybody wanna tell me what I need You can play a role in my life but not the lead If there's food for thought, then I'm guilty of greed Momma said take what you want  I took heed - yeah My little breed, yeah [Lil Wayne] Back to life, back to reality Been eatin my girl and she's so sweet, got cavities Granted we do it for vanity not humanity But what's appealin to me is under banana trees Lorrrd, I go so hard I tried to pay homage but I was overcharged - ain't that a bitch? I'm just a nut tryin to bust a nut in the nut shell Used to say fuck the police, now I say fuck jail Uhh; same shit, different air freshner I don't +Playboy+, I ain't Hugh Hefner Tryna be a step ahead, but a few feet behind Two fingers to my head, pop! Peace of mind I'll be in the cloud, cloud number 9 And I just fucked the clock, and let it cum to time It's a cold world, I put on a mink There's a chain of commands, I'm the missin link Yeah! God bless Amerika This ol' Godless Amerika I heard tomorrow ain't promised today And I'm smokin on them flowers, catch the bouquet [Lil Wayne] And we live by the sword, and die by the sword Heard po-lice was lookin for me, I'ma hide by a broad Shootin stars in my pocket, bitch sit on my rocket I'm wired out the socket, but still shockin Everybody wanna tell me what I need You can play a role in my life but not the lead Uhh - I saw a butterfly in Hell today Will I die or go to jail today? {*guitar solo and instrumental to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Trina Album: I Am Not a Human Being II Song: Wowzers Typed by: mrmist@ms.com (Chorus: Lil Wayne) My tongue is a uzi my dick is a AK  My tongue is a uzi my dick is a AK My tongue go BDDDDDDD my dick go BAH! My tongue go BDDDDDDD my dick go BAH! (Bitch) (Verse 1: Lil Wayne) Lay on the bed open that twat I french kiss that pussy like muah Sit on my face M-U-A-H Before I eat that pussy I say my grace Girl I'm nastier than him I don't know why you still with him Beat that pussy go to sleep she got that Tylenol PM Fuck that bitch until she tired til she tired like a rim Give her head like a brim It taste good M-M-M Pussy monster in her closet full of surprises I give full body massages  I hope that pussy smell like a violet I hope that pussy warmer than luke And sweet as Godiva Suck this dick and swallow that nut and call it penis colada Lift up that mini-skirt that's my dinner desert She fell in love with the martian I said you too down to earth Man these hoes love Wayne got a bunch of dimes that's chump change This shit is target practice and your bitch is my gun range (Chorus) (Verse 2: Lil Wayne) My tongue is a uzi my dick a AK Down here waiting for her to cum like payday Hoping this juice is sweeter than baked cake She say it's for Tunechi she lie with a sraight face But I'm trying to eat healthier so I ate a veggie Sucked on that pussy I feel better already She say 'Tunechi go slower' and Tunechi went faster My tongue is a motor my dick is a NASCAR Whipped cream on that pussy dickhead like a bullet If her hair real imma pull it Hope that ass feel like a cushion I give her wood when he wouldn't? I hope that pussy tastes like pudding  And I get that hoe the boot hold let me put my foot in (Tunechi) Got a sweet tooth candy yam pussy Ima leave that ass smoking like a Amsterdam tourist man These hoes love Wayne got a bunch of dimes that's chump change This shit is target practice and your bitch is my gun range (Chorus) (Verse 3: Trina) Lay on the bed open your mouth This pussy so clean like soap in your mouth I do my lil' dance he scoping me out If that dick like a tree watch me build a treehouse Ok the baddest bitch in this bitch got the fattest clique in this bitch You might drown you better start doggy paddling in this bitch I'm Trin B nigga  Queen nigga  Sleep on this pussy tree nigga I stay on that dick like a fucking balance beam nigga  Hair pull neck grab don't fuck with hoes that backstab Don't fuck with niggas that ain't got shit  If I fucked a nigga then that's my dick My mouth a jacuzzi my pussy a safe place Fuck me until daybreak then you can go skate Trina (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Shane Heyl Album: I Am Not a Human Being II Song: Hello Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] + (Shane Heyl) Cut the fuckin music up (YMCMB) (GTWYC) Yeah (it's about that time) (I thought you knew) Uhh! Yeah (cold mouth gumbo) uhh! (Bright stretched out) yeah, bitch! (Shake junt) bitch! (Shake junt) bitch! (Shake junt) yeah... Chicken bone, now it's on Now it's on, dat wishlist, yeah... [Lil Wayne - repeat 2X w/ minor variations] California house in the hills, big windows no blinds Can't sleep past 9, we pass weed like time Over here, money over there Her lipstick smell, her pussy look pierced Daddy gotta go after that and get his See you later at the dinner, cry crocodile tears Don't worry I'll be back, cause the pussy like crack She got a nice swag, and the apple bottom like that apple like Mac That's that computer love And get that pussy when I took her to the funeral Girl I'ma wear that ass out like a uniform So ride this dick like a horse turned to unicorn Phone in her back pocket made the EHHHH Phone in her back pocket made her booty call to say HELLO! HELLO! She said "Oh shit! I ain't mean to call you Anyway, what'chu doin?" I said "Nuttin," she said "I know what you should be doin You could be doin" - open up your legs, walk me through it +Ain't Too Proud 2 Beg+, pssh, nigga please I fell on my hands, and she fell on her knees What'chu know about that? UHH~! (Hello!) Yeah! I fell on my hands, and she fell on her knees What'chu know about that? [after repeat 1] Skate! Smoke! Fuck! Yeah! [after repeat 2] Bitch! Bitch! Uhh! Skate! (Shake junt) smoke! (Shake junt) fuck! (Shake junt) yeah!! [Shane Heyl] HELLO, HELLO {*4X*} Don't back up I'm here to save ya S on my chest like a Superman vest Shake junt, brother say it again Shake junt, get buck my friends Wandering dreaming constantly thinking Tick tock, SAY HELLO Tick tock, SAY HELLO - time's wasting! Had a chance, now look at the mess Evil thoughts, they run in my head Get there - while you can I say get there - while you can!! Kill it, no you can't, yes I can, pushin Bout a 50 million skaters screamin FASTER Green and yellow turn again, let her go, back it up Boom boom, bring it up, titties from hell! Swerve swerve, fill it up, miss miss, don't forget business, don't forget, business, don't forget Chicken bone, not a phone, chicken bone, not a phone Chicken bone, not a phone, IS ANYBODY OUT THERE~?! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Cory Gunz, Nicki Minaj Album: I Am Not a Human Being II Song: Lay it Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Turn the music up [Lil Wayne] Y.M. C.M.B., bitches call me Tunechi Lee I be with niggaz that shoot police, I keep that iron - you can get creased And if she say she didn't fuck, bitch you're lyin through ya teeth They say it cost to be the boss, the ones in jail wish they were free Niggaz call me Hi-C, because I'm high as you can see Niggaz say they paid they dues, well I'm checkin your receipt Might as well go stupid since this is a stupid beat Grab the owl out the tree, and ask that bitch - who but me? Got your bitch bent over nigga hands to her feet Tell that pig and that cow I'll go ham if it's beef Cause all my niggaz well rounded, don't fuck with none of these square niggaz Mask on Ghostface Killah, draw down and erase niggaz I'm a blood, is you a blood donor? Swisher full of that California I hit it sideways cat-a-corner, then she catch that nut like pneumonia Lil Tunechi~ Lay it down hoe Lay it down bitch Lay it down hoe Lay it down Lay it down, lay it down You hoes lay it down Lay it down, lay it down You hoes lay it down Put the money on the couch nigga Gimme everything up in yo' house nigga, shut yo' mouth nigga Put the money on the couch nigga Gimme everything up in yo' house nigga, shut yo mouth nigga [Cory Gunz] Start it up, vroom vroom Uppercut a bitch out the bus, boom boom Unless I get the brain, poom poom She let a nigga run and get the gang, run a train, zoom zoom Tryin to get paid too soon, one deep One sweep away in a room room We getting money over here, talkin shit and fuckin bitches I don't know what the fuck they doing Tune' My syrup purple, my turf Earth My birth circle, I'll dirt surf you I'll squirt and murk you, my verse hurtful My shooters still got curb curfews Y'all 'bout as hot as Von Dutch; y'all not gon' harm much Hijack y'all some prom busts, ain't no retreat but my arms up We don't graffiti, my bombs up It's Young Money in this shit until a nigga dead and gone If you wanna set it off, what you wanna bet it on? I'm bettin the wedding's off when everything is wetted on Point 'em out, +Truk+ ya life, fuck your style, fuck with me You a bucket foul, niggaz'll buck your smile for a ducat pile, you better duck it, pal Lay it down hoe Lay it down bitch Lay it down hoe Lay it down Lay it down, lay it down You hoes lay it down Lay it down, lay it down [Nicki Minaj] Uhh - yo~! Shawty, what's yo' name? Is you trickin? Is you payin? Is you sniffin, on that cane? What the fuck, is you sayin? If you gettin it, then you gettin it It's my money, I ain't splittin it I ain't trippin it, if she got a fat ass, then I'm tippin it Come out the bank, bye teller Give up her money, hi fella Bad lil' hoe, high yellow Brand new Roley, sky dweller Just left from Dubai, flew private eye I made a million dollars, swear to God that ain't no lie Asked if them niggaz was poppin, fake niggaz be watchin My black glove be drippin wet, but I got my +Cochran+ Losin ain't no option, I'm teachin bitches my doctrine The Maybach ain't poppin if it ain't got a par-tation Oops I mean partition, it's all a part of my vision I sit and count this money while I watch you bitches audition I said, oops I mean partition, it's all a part of my vision I sit and count this money while I watch you bitches audition [Outro: Nicki Minak] Hehehehe! Fuck wrong with you bitches? I don't give a fuck You don't hear me, you don't see me, bitch you gon' feel me hoe It's Young Money Young, Young Money nigga Young, Young, lay it down, lay it down You hoes lay it down Lay it down, lay it down You hoes lay it down, ahhh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: I Am Not a Human Being II Song: Hot Revolver Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Lil Wayne] Young mullah, baby Umm, young mullah, baby She says, do you have the time To listen to me whine She askin' who's on the other line? You diss me every time I tell 'em, baby I'm a star Shit, I'm above a star And now I done got so high I did forgotten who you are (Are, are) Oh oh oh, ah, oh oh eh eh Ah ah Oh oh oh, ah, oh oh eh eh Oh oh oh, ah, oh oh eh eh Ah ah I'm in love with you But I can't be with you Tomorrow I'll be back Up on the first flight Right up out of town Young mullah, baby Hop back in my spaceship Girl, I gotta drop your ass off (Oh oh eh eh) Last night, yeah we were spaced girl You love it, girl, I gotta take off (Oh oh eh eh) 'Cause Imma be here next week So call your company and take off Oh oh oh, yeah oh oh eh 'Cause she say, "Wayne, Wayne" So she got me all impatient Cry me a river I can hear my conscious While I say aloud Boy, you got a problem (Problem) And you ain't foolin' no one But yourself You're like a hot revolver (Hot revolver) But you ain't killin' no one But yourself [Lil Wayne] And so she's gone to party town On her own And you go by yourself So all alone I told her, I can be with her But I can't be with her As much as she like me to She like me too much That's the problem Oh my God, then Shorty be whillin' And when I say I got to leave You wouldn't believe All of the things that she'll do And all of the things That she'll say to make me stay And I be like, 'Damn' I'll be back someday But she wanna go with me To outer space So we made love in the Milky Way And then I send her on her way Boy, you got a problem (Problem) And you ain't foolin' no one But yourself You're like a hot revolver But you ain't killin' no one But yourself And so she's gone to party town On her own And you go by yourself So all alone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Big Sean Album: I Am Not a Human Being 2 Song: My Homies Still Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Sample of "Pump That Bass" by Original Concept] "Get a lil' stupid and" "Get a lil' stupid" "Get a lil' stupid and" "Get a lil' stupid" "Get a lil' stupid and" "Get a lil' stupid" "Get a lil'" "Get a lil'" "Get a lil' stupid" "Get a lil' stupid and" "Get a lil' stupid" "PUMP THAT BASS!" [Lil Wayne] Man fuck y'all with a sick dick, semi-automatic no click click We don't feel you, like an elephant, gettin fucked with a tick dick Little nigga with a thick bitch, and before I fuck this bitch I gotta put that patch over my third eye - Slick Rick Trukfit, t-shirt, talk second, skeet first Boy yo' girl a jumpoff, I hope she land feet first She give me brain - research, and I prefer, reefer But if you want some coke.. That's cool, cause my homies still... [Chorus: Lil Wayne] ("Pump that bass!")  Yeah, my homies still - ("Pump that bass!")  Ha, my homies still - ("Pump that bass!") Yeah my homies still - ("Pump that bass!")  ("PUMP THAT BASS!") Don't make my goons  go stupid, go stupid, go stupid, yeah  Don't make my goons  go stupid, go stupid (go dumb), go stupid, yeah [Big Sean] Boy.. Okay! My girls and cars both skirt off (Swerve) I like the pussy so wet that I can surf off (Go) In a hot spot cause a nigga never chillin (chillin!) I do it for my niggaz, I just do it to these bitches Boy I overgrind (whoa), overshine (whoa), ain't another nigga over Sean (nope) I'm gettin paid, it's Oprah time, I'm rollin pine, I'm so divine I'm Westside, Westside, dark glasses on like I'm goi' blind Lookin like Eazy-E, it's just me and Lil Weezy-We Get off my dick! [Lil Wayne] Look, I'm Eastside, them haters 90 goin West My niggaz pumpin so much bass, motherfuckers goin deaf Weezy F., I'm Eastside them haters 90 goin West My niggaz pumpjn so much bass - ("PUMP THAT BASS!") Tunechi, Tunechi, Tunechi, I don't love them hoes Got so much coke, you gon' need another nose, man And I just play my hand, but I am not the dealer You see I got them teardrops, I cry yo' ass a river I got that Trukfit, t-shirt, listenin to Rebirth I skate until my feet hurt, Hot Boy, FREE TURK Pussy for dessert, put yo' hands beneath Earth And I don't sell drugs, but if you need work My homies still... [Chorus 1/2] [Big Sean] Whoa, okay!  Boy, this here's what I do-do Got yo' sister dancin, not the kind that's in a tutu (No) Got me in control, no strings attached, that's that voodoo (Go) She said, "Cin't nobody do it better," I tell her,, "True-true! Yep, it's true-true!" My, my, my bro-bro say these bitches ain't shiiiiit~! I got the girl you came with and the girl she came wit She leakin and drippin, whoa there, I might just come slip in And now yo' misses went and gone missin and she addicted to what my dick did Boy, I get it!... LIL' BITCH! [Chorus 2: Lil Wayne] (Big Sean) ("Pump that bass!") (Finally Famous in this) Yeah, my homies still - ("Pump that bass!")  Ha, my homies still - ("Pump that bass!") Yeah my homies still - ("Pump that bass!")  (Lil' nigga, make my goons go...)  Go stupid, go stupid, go stupid (Boy)  Don't make my goons  go stupid, go stupid, go stupid, yeah (Boy, go dumb!) [Outro: Lil Wayne] Look, I'm Eastside, them haters 90 goin West My niggaz pumpin so much bass, motherfuckers goin deaf Weezy F., I'm Eastside, my nigga Sean from the West And niggaz pumpjn so much bass - ("PUMP THAT BASS!") Yeah... ("Pump that bass!")  Uh-huh... ("Pump that bass!") Young Mula... ("Pump that bass!") Truk yo' girl ("Pump that bass!") ("Pump that bass!") ("PUMP THAT BASS!") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: I Am Not a Human Being II Song: Shit Stains Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com * - Target Bonus Track {David Banner, Dav-Dav-David Banner} {D-David, David, David, David, David Banner}  [Lil Wayne] Tunechi, uh... Walked in the bank like my shit don't stank Bitch, I'm from New Orleans, everybody ain't +Saints+ Pockets never empty, Weezy F. - full tank Try to check me and I'ma leave that check blank (Mwah) Tounge-kiss that pussy, make that woman have convulsions I'm in this bitch, throwin up Blood like a ulcer (soo woo) Real nigga like a motherfuckin slave (yea) I R.I.P. these niggaz, like a page Uhh... hello, how you doin, sir? Dr. Carter M.D., that's Mur -- Der (whoa) Bitches ain't shit (nope), and niggaz ain't neither Bad bitches I get at'chu, like sinus (God bless you) These niggaz is fake, like a bosom (yep) And everybody's on edge, until you push 'em Hah~! But the pleasure's all mine Cause on my watch, I'm the greatest of all time Tunechi.. And I don't know how fake feel, nigga (feel, nigga) Cause all my life, I been a real nigga (real nigga) Yeah all my life, I been a real nigga Don't fuck up my night, I'm like "What's poppin? What's ya friend name?  What y'all drinkin on? Come get a oil change" I brung my AK, I'm on my A game Bitch I'm a a-hole, leavin shit stains... hoe! [Lil Wayne]  I'm a asshole (yep), but I don't give a shit (nope) Like a hard dick... I'm in this bitch (uh) I'm sharp, I'm cold - icepick Top off the Maybach, nice tits (whoo!) I'm from Hollygrove, I usta hang with air I make them bitches {*gasp!*}, they +Waitin' to Exhale+ I'm on some gangsta shit, knock yo' head off Bark up my tree, that's a dead dog (uh) Where them hoes at? (Right dere) Tell 'em I said wassup (wassup?) I like a shaved pussy, no razor bumps (okay) I got that paper bitch, come get a paper cut Don't gamble in that pussy, not even Lady Luck's (Amen) I make 'em straighten up, and fly right When life hands you lemons, find a limelight (haha) Yeah, and the pleasure's all mine Cause on my watch, I'm the greatest of all time Tunechi~! [Lil Wayne]  Uh, I like my alcohol straight, bitch I can't stop stuntin, I need my brakes fixed Yeah I'm on that shit, like a fuckin maggot On the road to riches, you niggaz stuck in traffic Stomp a nigga OUT, keep the party goin Kick them hoes OUT, if them hoes annoyin But if they friends bad, then them hoes can join I'm 'bout to shoot a porn, I'm castin broken arm Got money on my mind, pussy on my agenda I beat that pink pussy magenta for bein gentle Man I'm hard, these niggaz is simple, gun to your temple I smoke, 'til I look Oriental, high as a window and I broke, these niggaz like pencils on accidental Bitch I'm mental, dick in her dimples, lick it I tremble I swear, that shit is mental fuck and my rent due I school yo' ass and suspend you, you BITCH you It's Tunechi! BLOAW!!! Haha... YOUNG MULA, BAAAY-.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Around the Way Girl 12" Song: Around the Way Girl Typed by: thaloccdogg@aol.com Okay I saw you at the bus stop You had on a halter top And your mini skirt And your Dooney and your Bourke So I turn around and scooped you Hit you with that toot toot Like do you need a ride Like do you need a ride Because I know where you're from You're from where I'm from And I'm with you girl I know you girl I like you girl I want you and I'm from where you're from And I'm cool with your mom And I like you girl I want you girl I'm with you girl I'm for you girl You're my around the way girl, oh You're my around the way girl, oh oh You're my around the way girl, oh You're my around the way girl, oh oh I saw you at the Benz lot In that new Benz drop Lookin' at that Benz drop So I brought you that Benz drop And now you in that new coupe Hit me with that toot toot Like girl I need a ride Like girl I need a ride Because you know where I'm from I'm from where you're from And I'm with ya girl I know you girl I like you I want you and you're from where I'm from And your cool with my mom And I know you I like you I'm with you I'm for you girl You're my around the way girl, oh You're my around the way girl, oh oh You're my around the way girl, oh You're my around the way girl, oh oh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne Album: Baller Blockin' soundtrack Song: Calling Me Killer Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Lil' Wayne] Killer! Huh? Callin' Lil' Wayne (Wayne) a... ...killer! What? What? Killer! What? What? Check! Hold up, you now under the deep cover of the lil' slugger Callin' me head busta Run with me K - blucka Niggas done fled from-a... ...me infrared, sucka If him wan' play, busta,... ...come make me dead, busta Bein'-a half-way out my nappy head But I don't care - I just grab my clip, slap and spray Anywhere - it don't matter where a nigga stay Just believe me when I say, "Guerrilla warfare" I swear, it be some more drama about these bags Niggas in black drive Jags - camouflage rags Niggas' domes get bust wide open with blood and sweat Niggas ridin' off in Hummers - laughin', drinkin' Moette You know me: Colleon, standin' four feet I'm to-tin' cannons, wearin' Rolies See, these lil' boys, they ain't really up on my game But once I run into that nigga playin' with Wayne, man See, when I spin-a you bend then I be on you block But when me jump out with the chop-chop, my nogga, you drop Now where your niggas at, comradie? They not with you now I guess they heard that when I'm ridin' I make the crew stop Now, is you 'bout what I'm 'bout? If you 'bout what I'm 'bout, you 'bout drama Thuggin' in broad day with four glocks, a knife, and a chopper I'm runnin' away, don't get in my way My nigga! Callin' me head busta! Callin' callin' me killer! (Hook [Lil' Wayne]) Them callin' me killer Them callin' me head busta, Cash Money nigga My niggy, when I'm out late call me what you want Full of blunts Look out your window, see who in the front Me! Them callin' me killer Them callin' me head busta, Cash Money nigga My niggy, when I'm out late call me what you want Full of blunts Look out your window, see who in the front [Lil' Wayne] Check! Now as the heat flame up Them lookin'-a down the street, them think they see Wayne truck Him whole block don't scare me 'cause me get me thing and bust Them know that Hot Boys known to be dangerous Now U.P.T. come down - chopper city in the ghetto, my man Now who that be in the car with the chopper? Oh, it's Lil' Wayne I get my K - cock, aim, and put holes in your brain Give me that rag, you ain't no soldier - wipe the blood off my chain Gettin' blisty... ...off in a black F-150 'Bout to do the old usual - hit your block, just spittin' Heads spinnin' like a set of seventeens or somethin' Respect me for who I be: seventeen, head-bustin' Because- (-Hook [Lil' Wayne]) [Lil' Wayne] Check! Original Hot Boy - land-cruisin' with guns I shall be the one who burn the block up Never miss when I distribute anger up out my Cali' Hundred shots automatic Leave ya hopeless in the alley Now, when a nigga runs up If the nigga loveless (like me) would have his guns up Just because of the simple fact that I'm a Hot Boy,... ...and got boys that got toys to stop noise See, when me ride off in the Hummer, leave him set empty Now him catch three 'cause him want beef Now, me tried to tell the stupid boy, "Don't mess-a with me." Now look at him - open up his casket and see Click-clack my mack, twist my Philly cap to the back Jump in the black and scream "war", and just "pow! pow!" How you love me now? With five barrels to your eye The scene gets wild, and everybody gon' die What the dillio? Fill a four-four clip You'll get flipped for runnin' off at the lip Who behind the gun slang,... ...blood hang,... ...and twistin'? It's Mis-ter Wayne Come splittin' when I spit (Hook- [Lil' Wayne]) [Lil' Wayne] -Me! See, them callin' me killer Huh? Because them callin' me killer What? Them niggas callin' me killer Them callin' me head busta, Cash Money nigga What? Callin' me killer (Killer) Callin' me killer (Killer) Them callin' me killer (Killer!) Them callin' me head busta, Cash Money nigga (Killer!) Killer! What? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Unplugged + Lil' Wayne Album: Baller Blockin' soundtrack Song: I Don't Know Typed By: ice_man504@yahoo.com [Unplugged] (Lil' Wayne) Ohhhhhhhh, yeaahhh (CMB don't twistle it don't tangle it) She looks like any other girl that I seen from place to place But I know she not like any other girl  cuz I couldn't take my eyes off her She had a cowboy hat (what else), a sun-greased tan (what else), pants with the ass just right Now I can tell that me and her are gonna make a baby, baby tonight [Unplugged] (Chorus) I don't know why she's affectin me Or why this situation's stressing me I don't know why nobody's callin me It makes me wanna give her all of me And now she's asking what I want it, how I want it, where I want it, and when I want it And what I want Somebody tell me what's going on, going on [Unplugged]  Now it's time to make my approach Cuz its all most 2'o clock (bling, bling) But I gotta do it now cuz I'ma get mine when I hit the parking lot  She said I know your name, I know what chu do not impressed my the things you got (yeah right) But I ain't gonna lie, yeah I wanna ride So baby lick the spot [Unplugged] (Chorus) I don't know why she's affectin me Or why this situation's stressing me I don't know why nobody's callin me It makes me wanna give her all of me And now she's asking what I want it, how I want it, where I want it, and when I want it And what I want Somebody tell me what's going on, going on [Unplugged] She looks like any other girl But not like any other girl I can tell by when she looked at me She wanted me, and it's not the green Now I wanna make her mine (what) I gonna waste no time (what) I wanna know if you want me like I want you  (listen Weezy come on now) [Lil' Wayne] Now as walk up in the club It's real dark up in the club But AND WHAT my diamonds still spark up in the club I see a bid night in the corner By midnight I'm a goner  So what your name is Sonya (Spitting noise) bet I bone her I'm going to get rid of this last bag of marijuana So won't cha come outside with me How bout chu take this ride with me It's gravy so we hop in the no top, four dot  She fasten it like "ooh this car is so hot" she got And we stopped over at the Ramada  And I got her to come out on that powder And right jump on just swallow And swallow and drain damn she wild Make her trip out Lil' Wayne Damn she loud, now It's all over cuz I'm finished with mine I'ma tell her call tomorrow but then I be lying  But that's all in different baby And pimpin is me, hot boy Weezy-Wee what [Unplugged] (Chorus) 2x I don't know why she's affectin me Or why this situation's stressing me I don't know why nobody's callin me It makes me wanna give her all of me And now she asking what I want it, how I want it, where I want it, and when I want it And what I want Somebody tell me what's going on, going on [Lil' Wayne (*Talking*)] Look, Unplugged, Lil' Weezy CMB doin it one more time You know from Philly to the N.O Don't twistle it and tangle it They don't understand, it's like the hottest of the hot Don't get in the way, for real... yeah (*Inhaling sound*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Capone-n-Noreaga f/ Goldfingaz, Maze, Musalini and 	Cash Money Mill. (Big Tymers, Lil' Wayne, Juvenile, Turk) Album: Baller Blockin' soundtrack Song: Play That Shit (Remix) Typed by: IcebergRep757@cs.com [Lil' Wayne] They call me the youngest headbuster walkin' Thugged out in all black, calicole sparklin' A guerilla till I die bless me when I'm dead But for the bread I bring ya anybody head That's how I play it I don't hold back I tote gats be on the spot were ya sold crack Nigga feel played then ya fuckin get blown back I burn 'em twice with a black rusty old mac Now BLOCKA nigga get off me [Juvenile] Get some off that cocky weed and roll that bitch up Won't play with me like I'ma choke that bitch up Keep it on the turf I might be killin' to get mine New prints on the back I make a million in big time I'll always be a thug until I'm crippled and crazy I'ma always stay close with Suga Slim, Wayne and Baby Runnin' with a team off cut-throats and backshots All day bullshittin neglagince and homicides [Turk and Noreaga] Cash Money niggas they don't play that shit Thugged Out niggas we don't play that shit [Noreaga] Yo I rock silk You see NORE I pop quilts I'm old school but still in tha game like Scott Billups Yeah you came short And plus tha case I faught  I had tha judge and tha DA both my boys I'm a changed man speak to tha ghost of my pops I bling bling on stage nigga gangstas watch Thugged Out Cash Money fuck tha cops Thugged Out Cash Money will take yo watch [Capone] Now she what y'all possessed me to do I squeeze siamese guns Turn niggas vegetables  My life is ghetto Half of y'all spittin a lie in front of tha judge like 25 nahhh Imma turn to tha street cut him near tha corner Blood in his eyes, yellow tape, cameras and reporters So many years had me stuck in tha cage Hate me now wish I was gone so they could buck at my grave Chorus [Musalini] From N-Y to N-O Thugged Out and Cash Money I'm a thug B how you gonna stop hungry We eatin' pop bubbley in beef we pop dummies Run up in hood honey's it's all good sonney Throw your sets up nigga Throw your side up nigga Ride or die young nigga Get high young nigga Stay fly young nigga Do what you gotta survive young nigga [Maze] Live we fly down in New Orleans Get it purpulatin You smell me keep that fire green circulating Thugged Out with Cash Money Thugs we stash your arms Weeds get blazed from your face till feet With us all we stay deep got beef we're surroundin My Niggas cock back Macs from here to some 'the houses Get rocked or get it on if you bout it Cause boy you're in the zone You take routes quick like Roy Jones Chorus [Baby] (Lil Wayne) I got thru any nigga project sparkin (sparkin) wodie 4-4 barkin (barkin) Nigga start walkin (walkin) Lyrics be spraklin (spraklin) Wit this Uptown talkin (Bling Bling baby) You know that's us (Nigga Ching Ching baby) Cash Money's a must I got a car from NORE Let's do this wodie From yo jet to mines Let's do this NORE We could shot it in New York it don't matter lil wodie [Mannie Fresh] Lil Daddy I just couldn't wait Stick these nigga fo they cake Stop tha muthafuckin hate Slow it down hold up wait Thugged nosed 38 Left em sleepin in tha lake Killed tha nigga and his date Cash Money trigga play Nigga don't you that I'll hit you wit tha ch-choppa Playa yo I'm really foul Hit these hoes wit tha wow Back off of me CHOPPA CHOPPA CHOPPA [Turk] Lil Wayne, Turk, BG annd Juvenile The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers, Juvenile, Lil' Wayne Album: Baller Blockin' soundtrack Song: Project Bitch Typed by: OHHLA.com [Verse 1: Mannie Fresh] This is for Deshawn, Eshlawn, Lil Mama, an her friends Lisa, Teresa, Maria, Tia, Lia and Kim I love y'all broads, no disrespect to my dogs but I love y'all broads, yea I love y'all broads To the ladies havin babies without no drama To my niggas with figgas say I love my baby momma I bought them shoes, them tattoos, an even fixed yo breasts I put you inside the flyest rides an even put a "S" on yo' chest [Verse 2: Lil' Wayne] This is for the ones who wobbled it an be puttin they mouth on it An they suck everything out of it then they catch it and swallow it I'm Lil Weezy for sheezy, I'm off the heezy believe me See me, I squeeze in between it, and then I leave it so greasy When I come through in a Rolls Royce, leave them with no choice but to hop up in it an just let me make they throat moist Ruby red an vodka it just carry a nigga Give me three minutes maybe four she be wantin to marry a nigga [Chorus 2X: Juvenile] Give me a project bitch Give me a hoodrat chick One that don't give a fuck An say she took that dick [Verse 3: Juvenile] My momma send me by my grandma, my grandma flipped out an said we ain't gone have no evil in this house So I rolled out scoped me an ounce sold out but I fucked up when I started livin up in this hoes house Nigga started fuckin one of the broads cause she was suckin a nigga dick so good keepin it hard Lettin a nigga cum all over her chest and tongue She was still-un, I spared her because her chil-drun She was a hoe she gave me head behind a building aint sellin records but her mouth could sell a million if you wanna take it there we can break it off  cause yall pussy aint gotta nigga tweakin at all I slang this dick summer winter spring an the fall ask me to lay it down I'm bringin it all I'm tryin to hit ya from the back til ya holla, "Good lord this motherfuckin dick good and it always be hard" [Verse 4: Baby] Look - a nigga could catch me r'd up Them white folks know the code so we g'd up an my range rover 4 door be d'd up Tattoos and new cars and these project cuts Got this nigga bitch I know been wantin to fuck I deal with sluts ladies an bitches don't give a fuck Project bosses Weezy say "Respect Us" Bitch nigga find me in the 4 door Lexus I got a bitch shoot dice an a bitch that ain't right I got a bitch who will front ya work an take ya life I got a credit card hoe, a scam type hoe, a fraud type hoe Like to snort that dope, a dick suckin pro A calico hoe, a real solid bitch out Chicago I got a +Brat+ type bitch like to whine an shit I got a project bitch like to start some shit [Chorus til fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Betty Wright & The Roots f/ Lil Wayne Album: Betty Wright: The Movie Song: Grapes on a Vine Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com (w/ help from liner notes) [Intro: Betty Wright] Ooooh (Oh, oh, oh) Mmmmm (oh, oh) Oh (Oh, oh) Ohhhh-whoa (Oh...oh-oh...) [Betty Wright] Daddy always told me to be real  Daddy always said that, I should say just what I feel  People, they will judge you cause they just don't understand  You're in it for the long ride, you don't just give up on a man  And like every woman who's been through the fire as well  We ALL got a story half afraid to tell, yeah  People they will judge you 'cause they just can't comprehend  You're headed for the long ride, you don't just give up on a friend  [Pre-Chorus Bridge] (Now the ones have moved on) Gone to where the sun shines all the time  (We're still standing) Though some might think we've lost our minds  (We shall fulfill) our legacy divine  It's just that we're so different, makes our place a little harder to find  Grapes on a vine (Grapes on a vine) don't always make sweet wine  Grapes on a vine, yeah, don't always make sweet wine  Grapes on a vine (Grapes on a vine) don't always make sweet wine  Might be bitter, but it gets better with time  [Betty Wright] (Lil Wayne) Momma always said that, it's okay to dream  Momma always warned me things ain't always what they seem (and my momma told me...)  People, they will judge you; leave you sittin' on a shelf  Remember it's a long ride, just don't you give up on yourself  And like every man, who wants to make his mark  We ALL got a secret hidden in our hearts, yeah {We all got a secret}  People they will judge us, 'cause they just don't really see  We're in it for the long ride, just don't you give up on you and me, no~! [Lil Wayne] Uh, uh Grapes on a vine, ain't nuttin' sweet You gotta pay the price, just keep your receipt I can make the world have a seat on my feet And I come from New Orleans where the water too deep Money bring problems, the funny thang 'bout it Everybody want it, want it 'til they got it Sometimes I forget and put my trouble in my pockets Then hang up my pants, now I got monsters in my closet Get right with me, Miss Wright with me Die hard, I got too much life in me Shades on, I'm seein past that Bittersweet wine, where your glass at? Toast! You haters are ghost I make y'all sick, you need a full dose, ha~! And my momma told me do me and stay away from that fruit tree, because.. [Chorus 2X] [Outro] (Lil Wayne) {Do you, do you} So do you, do you, do yooooooooooou... (Miss Wright with me) Be your own best friend (Miss Wright with me) Be your own best friend (Miss Wright with me, Miss Wright with me) Be your own best friend (Miss Wright, Miss Wright, Miss Wright with me) You gotta love on you before anybody else can learn to You gotta love you, LOVE you, yeaaaaah, love you, love you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Juelz Santana Album: Bonafide Hustla 12" Song: Bonafide Hustla Typed by: solosolja@yahoo.com Hustla, Hustla, Hustla, Hustla, Hustla, Hustla, Hustla, Hustla (I CAN'T FEEL MY FACE!!!) On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (ya) On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (you know I gotta stay) On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (I'ma) Hustla, Hustla, Hustla on on on on (I stay) On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (You know I gotta stay) On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (Ya you know that I'ma) On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (alright) [Verse One : Lil Wayne] I'm on my grind, fuck bitches money on my mind Hoe get in line, respect me like a stop sign I'm in my prime, the brights you see it's my time But fuck my wrists I need that money in my palm Sellin palm trees, in beaches in shorts sleeves Fly your beach down here bet ya she won't leave Exspensive car keys and glasses, t-shirts, pants's I keep money on me like dancers, Si Everybody got problems, and money is the answer The teacher ain't pickin everybody with they hands up What are we to do but get paid, get ya grass up Number one fan of the money, join the fan club These boys don't know paper like I know paper, Nigga I'm still on 2004 paper, I'm tryin to get some more paper I ain't tryin to die with no paper, that's why a nigga stay.... [Chorus] + (Juelz Santana) On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (Ok) On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (Ok) On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (It's too easy man) Hustla, Hustla, Hustla on on on on (I CAN'T FEEL MY FACE) On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (You know i) On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (You know i) On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (That im'a, ya, ya , ya , ya) [Verse Two : Juelz Santana] First Class LV's on the luggage V-8's in the car this the life how you want it I do it big easy does it hows I does it when I does it pretty chicks every night and we fuckin I get paper get cash get ass later, it's money first ass later skip past haters The brown paper bag taker, straight to the dealer, just give me paper tags i'll take her Then, I leave out with the sun roof cracked blowin weed out, two fingers up, yup peace out I sense money like bees sense honey like k-9 dogs sense drugs I sense it all I got alot but I'm sensing more, and if you fuckin with my money then I'm sensing war I smell a war send it on I'm a G too, bonafide known to ride see you when I see you AYE!! On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla  On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla  Hustla, Hustla, Hustla on on on on  On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla  On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla  On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla  Hustla Hustla Hustla Hustla The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Currency Album: Carter 3 Song: Diamonds & Girls Typed by: Uneak_Won2G08@hotmail.com [Inroduction] Yeah, C-3, baby, young Weezy, young Currency Ya understand me, that's how we doin it Di-diamonds and girls (uh oh) di-diamonds and girls (uh oh) Di-diamonds and girls (uh oh) di-diamonds and diamonds (yeah) Diamonds and girls (yeah) and girls (yeah) and girls di-diamonds and [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] GET EM, UH Like five, six chains on Slick Rick, no patch, just frames on Marc Jacobs Aviators and a v-neck Ten bitches, ten pistols on a P-jet In a drop top Madina, with the top up I'm in that bitch gettin neck, like a shore port 100,000 for the grill if I lie, I die Flow sick so sick see the syanide And here's my most funniest joke, i'm broke (hahaha) Dont worry 'bout me, the money got me And I keep the burner on me like an id The Lamborghini orange like vitamin c And leave a bitch stuck like a kite in a tree Weezy F. B, the money is the matter I'm workin like a bad bladder, M.O.B [Verse 2: Currency] Yeah Hailin from the bottom of the map But standin at the top of the game Kush got a nigga lookin like I could really use a nap But I'm still out wildin with the gang Got diamonds in my chain mo colors than a order light Life is a traffic jam but I'm on the motor bike Jig-jaggin past these bastards, laughin at em I got em suicidal like the doors on a Phantom, yeah Hot spitta nigga who you thought it was Bitches wanna hold me in the mornin like a coffie mug I dont try to lock em down cause i'am not an officer I just knock em down in groups ten As if I'm in the lane aint meant for bowlin pins Then the style switch so quick, havin you thinkin that the disk skip Pimpin serious, Make em bring it back like past interference Yeah [Chorus] 2X [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] G'yeah Speed boat, Wife beater Ballin like Derek Jeater for every reason That testeroaster can get ghost like it ever seen ya The same color as sesamia diarrhea The pioneer, i'am here Right here, The watch nasty like gonnarhea Money long like Nia, I appear via satelite Who ever dont the premier he a hermaphrodite ? up in my ear, get it clear Pretty women want this nigga right here, like Richard Gere I switch the gear then steer and disappear And if I ever jump off a peer I would probably fly [Chorus] 4X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Carter 3 Song: Did it Before Typed by: Uneak_Won2G08@hotmail.com Intro: Ohh, this feel good, alright, yay Carter tray, on it, let's play, haha (Chorus) Okay I know two girls that done did it before But I wonder if they know that we did it before If the other girl know that we did it before shit I wonder if she know well if she didn't hell know That we did it before yeah we did it before shit I wonder if she know well if she didn't hell know That we did it before yeah we did it before Shit I wonder if they know that we did it before Verse 1: Okay, put your hands up if you did it before Now your girl lookin' at you cause she didnt hell know And now everybody sayin' that you did it before And you know that's because that they did it before 'Cause if they did it before it would be different though I wonder if Tammy knows, that I did it before With Nisa, I wonder if if she didn't hell know That we did it before I know they did it before The day we did it for oh, if they did it before And we didn't before, we can get it fa 'sho 'Cause if she with it, I know she should be with it fa 'sho I'm a tear that pussy up, like I did it before And after I did it they baby sister be know When I see her i'm a act like I didn't hell know That we did it before like didn't before But we did it before, hehe (Chorus) Verse 2: Yeah, so if you did it before be a pro You gotta act like you did it before And everytime I meet a girl they say that she did it before You know I gotta act like I never did it before But she be deep cover if she didn't hell know Cause I did it before and she will be dumb if she think that I didn't, hell know That she did it before, she probablly didn't go low So we did it some more and we did it some more Like Busta Rhymes said, she holla give me some more So we did it some more, yeah, we did it til' four And when four-o-one came, she was hittin the door Not fixin' to go but she was hittin' the door And I was probablly butt naked just twistin' an o Then I call my homies up, kick the shit how did it go And I know they gon' laugh 'cause they did it before (Chorus) Verse 3: Okay, alot of folks don't like to say they did it before Wishin' that everybody didn't hell know That they did it before, like they didnt below Or if they did it with more, yeah, if they did it for dough Well if you didn't, then so, be cool with it and flow And just rock with everybody, that done did it before I know I did it before, you know you did it before How come you ain't with it now, but you was with it before oh, that's your best friend, yeah, ya'll kick it I know ya'll probablly did it before, she probablly licked it before Like it was liquid before, yeah, I can vision you both Like I done did it before 'cause I done did it before (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Mack Maine Album: Carter 3 Song: I Know the Future Typed by: Uneak_Won2g08@hotmail.com {*lighter strikes*} [Intro: Lil Wayne] Young Money motherfuckers, uh-huh Thats right, I thought you knew, hahaha I'm a beast, east side I can let a beat come [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] Straight from the bottom its the Carter I give it to these bitch niggas like momma taught me One man with no weapon at war but I'm an army My flow is capturing attention, leutenant your penny pention And they demolished that invention You better get your dollars up And guess what I was up I get my cheese like Mickey Mouse Or else you better Donald Duck Like a shootin range target I get all kind of bucks Be my shootin range target, nigga I got good luck Nigga bye bye good luck, got ya momma shook up Little bad ass nigga who thought Popeye wasnt tough I'm on that lala twist it up, I'm on that syrup slow it down And I like four freaks too and young choppers goin down About a marijuana field and I just smoke it down Big bad wolf yes, I just blow it down, no homo And to Holly Grove I will hold it down Like a circle of knives, I got the sharpest flow around Feel me I know, I-I-I know, I-I know, I-I-I know, I know I-I-I know, I Know they can't fuck with me Because I came to fuck the world I know, I-I-I know, I-I know, I-I-I know, (Fuck the world)  I know, I-I-I know, I Know they can't fuck with me (Bitch I'm Mack Maine) Because I came to fuck the world [Verse 2: Mack Maine] I got the heart of a king blood of a slave Feel like I been here before my second time to the grave But its one life to live thats why I'm gettin paid off a flow thats priceless I just got it appraised Spit like I need a raise blaze as I gaze At the stars next to lord while the coppers at the porpit It make me sick to stomach thats why I rap Like a pregnant women I dont spit I vomit So pay homage me and Wayne two G's Like 20 Hundred and we keep the semi's blunted And we live like brothers from another So fuck with him and Mack gon react like you did me somethin Thats a hint to you Davids throwin shots to Giliath This the new testament where the victor is the giant So you should get your weight and lose the hate Remember males shouldn't be jealous thats a female trait Feel me I know, I-I-I know, I-I know, I-I-I know, I know I-I-I know, I Know they can't fuck with me Because I came to fuck the world I know, I-I-I know, I-I know, I-I-I know, (Fuck the world)  I know, I-I-I know, I Know they can't fuck with me Because I came to fuck the world The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Carter 3 Song: I'm Raw Typed by: kenido@yahoo.com Mic check 1, 2 on the way to third Flow sick, put a straight jacket on my words So sick, they think that something's in the herb They think I'm gone, but I'm fine like a woman's curves My personality is far from your reality, I'm closer to your girl now come on ho don't embarrass me! There is no comparising This right here be kerosene, carousel, parasail, I'm higher than everything. When I spit you can't drink it like your 17 I can show a million pair of eyes that they've never seen And I can do this in whatever the weather brings Picasso couldn't paint a better scene, colossal Now give me the mike and I'll rock like a fucking fossil I'm mad at the track, and I'll beat it like Hector Cumacho What's poppin, what it do, what's happenin, what's crackin, que pasa The hospital, mi casa su casa I'm bad, I'm rad, and these niggas just squares like plaid and if they're cool, then I'm cold, I gets money all day like the toll, bitch (chorus) I'm raw (x8) I got my brim low, all I can see is the floor (x2) I'm raw (x8) I'm bout to - I'm bout to murder this shit (x2) I'm a BET soldier; an MTV gangster I will be on VH1 when I'm done being famous Explain shit... I have made my way And you are just a stain bitch, you will fade away And I only leave my house to paper chase Yep, off to da jungle, where I feel safe Like a homerun in the bottom of the 9th inning And I'm fresh like I'm by Mennen..haa I'm on the clock like 5 minutes tryna get passed the line of scrimmage, yeah.. And before I leave her thighs bending She give me face first like she done dived in it..hahaha And if she tall I can climb in it; I usually don't have a time limit And eating pussy ain't a crime is it If so, I should start working on my jail visits You know... I'm in the game they just sell tickets Man I got old bread like stale biscuits You feeling froggy all you gotta do is yell ribbit Turn ya ass to a statue like an exhibit Now lets get it , let me at 'em Leave my cage open With no pyro I leave the stage smoking Yes...it's Weezy F. bitch the best thing since breath bitch suffocate (chorus) I'm raw (x8) I got my brim low all I can see is the floor (x2) I'm raw (x8) I'm bout to, I'm bout to murder this shit (x2) It go uptown - uptown operation shut down Wake up to polices, go to sleep to the gun sounds And your not a gorilla, your a dead monkey Cuz I got a banana clip in these Red Monkeys What you said don't be, afraid to say it twice And they say life is cheap, until you pay the price It's just like shaking dice, but I hope you roll a winner And if you are rat, your just a cobra's dinner Ya'll ain't fucking with me, you niggas underachieve Like the light part of my feet And so what them niggas left me When they get cold I turns into Wayne Gretsky G to the N - I do's it like it's never been done So you can suck my dick with an elephants tounge Bitch! It's weezy baby Motherfucker I spit rabies! chorus till end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Mack Maine Album: Carter 3 Song: Zoo Typed by: Uneak_Won2G08@hotmail.com Intro: Look, Rockwilder on the beat (shh), 1-7 in your face (1-7) Mack Maine you my nigga (you already) Cash Money whats up (whats up) Verse 1: Lil Wayne Check me out Young Money motherfucker where the cash at (uh) I put numbers on your head like a class hat (owwoh) See I done been thru every thing like a lab rat (t'damn) Can you swim cause you sleepin' where the crabs at I stand before you bitch niggas with the fifth cocked Damn, you can hear a pin drop (ah ha) Bulletproof vests cannot defend tops (yeah) Wanna walk in my shoes (yeah) you need ten socks But these niggas is actors like Rick Fox (Rick Fox) Stick to the scrypt or fuck around and get written out We in this motherfucker, throwin' up the set (1-7) G-4 boys, throw 'em off the jet (ha) Chorus: Lil Wayne And me and Mack is two niggas from the same hood (c'yeah) Fell from the same tree (yep) cut from the same wool (yep) See i'm the young lion (lion) and he the young bull (what) Welcome to the zoo, you are in the zoo (yeah) See me and Mack just two niggas from the same hood (same hood) Fell from the same tree (same tree) cut from the same wool (c'yeah) See i'm the young lion and he the young bull (what) Welcome to the zoo, you are in the zoo Verse 2: Mack Maine Warnin', Mack on the dollar hunt (MACK) I'm feelin' real slick bitch, I got my collars up (uh) Spread the word boy, I keep the kush bottled up (uh) .40 cal pal you can get hollowed up (buu) If you ain't talkin' 'bout money homie, than thats cheap chatter (ahh) I'm pissin' on the game feel like I got a weak bladder (yeah) And ya'll fallin off, ya'll climbin' up a weak ladder (fallin down) And im too high to try to reach ya' son (reach ya son) I rock shows everyday with Miss. Sita son (ya know) Then i'm uptown baby like i'm Peter Guns (uptown) A lord Tyreak to the lord I speak I got game, I got a veggie tryin' to eat my meat (ha yeah) naw Chorus: Mack Maine Me and toon is two niggas from the same hood (yeah) Fell from the same tree (yeah) cut from the same wool (yeah) He a young lion (yeah) and i'm a young bull (yeah) Welcome to the zoo, you are in the zoo See me and toon is two niggas from the same hood Fell from the same tree (ya know) cut from the same wool (yeah) He just young lion (huh) and i'm a young bull (bull) Welcome to the zoo, you are in the zoo Verse 3: Lil Wayne & Mack Maine Now bring it back to Holly Grove, yeah Holly Grove (Holly Grove) Around park had work by the slidin' boards (Mack Maine) Around park, you get murked by the slidin' boards (boards) 17th ward animals and dinosaurs (yeah) (Lil Wayne) Tyrannosauras Rex test me It's M.O.B til the mortician dress me (Mack Maine) And thats deep, you run up on evil street Bell fast and one row be right at your front door (door) (Lil Wayne) Knock knock, hello, there goes several fellows With clips to the elbows, hell rose (c'yeah) (Mack Maine) And tell them niggas he was hustlin' til hell froze (yeah) Holly grove aint no motherfuckin' Melrose (bitch) (Lil Wayne) Hollywood ain't no motherfuckin' Holly Grove And they can find ya' ass monday in your finer clothes (damn) (Mack Maine) Or they can find you part dead on Fathers Day (ooh) Holly Grove U.S.A where Maine and Carter stay (okay) Chorus: Lil Wayne & Mack Maine (Mack Maine) And me and Carter just two niggas from the same hood (c'yeah) Fell from the same tree (c'yeah) cut from the same wool (c'yeah) He just a young lion (yeah) and i'm a young bull (c'yeah) Welcome to the zoo nigga, welcome to the zoo (Lil Wayne) And me and Maine just two niggas from the same hood (c'yeah) Fell from the same tree (c'yeah) cut from the same wool (wool) See i'm the young lion (young lion) and he the young bull (uhh) Welcome to the zoo, you are in the zoo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought 3 Song: I Can't Feel My Face Typed by: mainevent_4@yahoo.com [Lil Wayne] Hardy body muthafucka, got the heart of a killer Young god in da buildin, bout to start a religion Bout to call Bin Laden up, and order some missles Bring em straight to yo block and go to war wit you bitches If you hit the head, then the rest fall in position Shoot a nigga on da porch, and make him fall in his kitchen Copped a big boy porsche, wit all da specifics And I keep that torch, baby call me Olympics Red, white, blue pill, flip my skills like gymnasts And neva give a bitch money, blood, or kidneys When the gun goes pow, I be at the finish Wit a medal round my neck, autograph on my tennis The land of da murder, dope, crack, and sergines Pull up on ya in da coupe, how fat is ya engine? Neva talk to those that sat on da benches Boy, I was in da game, on 4th & inches These niggaz want the business, I'ma give these boys da business See you fuckin wit da boy, that tote toys before Christmas Got all these hoes trippin, got all these hoes strippin No we aint P$C, but them bitches know we Tippin I just bought a pint and aint none of ya'll sippin Make my friends buy they own, fuck I'm tired of being friendly You aint gotta lie, just tot ry to be wit me Bitches up in heaven, waitin at the God to be wit me I'm crazy for being Wayne, or is Wayne just crazy? I been around, I'm still around, like them Geico cavemen Hairpin trigga, no I won't shave it I spot Hip Hop in the ocean, I'm gon' save it The South is so dirty, bitch you can't bathe it Hollygrove dog, and I feel like mating Babygirl, yo pussy lookin so vacant And it's fuck you and fuck Georgia Bush, not makin Fuck Waste Deep, I'm in ova my head But it's cool, I'ma make it, I'm Good, like Meagan Your girl wants me to come Ronald, like Reagan Your boyfriend is softer than the carton the eggs in I don't fear nothing, but God and weddings At the top of my paper, like I'm starting a heading My homie Santana, yea dat's my ace But you may know us as, I Can't Feel My Face [Lil Wayne talking] Yeah.. Weezy bitch Don't give a fuck about you at all I'm paid.. been that way for a long time Looks like I'ma die like that Cuz if I am, I'ma just die.. haha [Lil Wayne] Yeah, see they don't know where I came from, but they know where I'm goin And I'ma tell you just how the top feels when I'm on In the game, I'm no cheetah, I'ma tiger, I'ma cougar, I'ma panther, I'ma bengal Ocho Cinco I'm illy, shirt softer than Gillie In a piar of Gucci flops, feelin free'ier than Willie When dem niggaz Left Eye, it got a little bit Chilli But I just let it burn, like the end of the philly Weezy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne Album: Tha Drought 3 (Tha Carter 3 Sessions) Song: Something You Forgot Typed by: RedFzn@aol.com [Chorus] (Lil' Wayne) I've been lonely, I've been waiting for you I'm pretending, and that's all I can do (that's all I can do mama) The love I'm sending ain't making it through to your heart (I hope you hear me) [Lil' Wayne] Pain, since I've lost you, I'm lost too Nigga feelin' like he at the bottom like a horse shoe Sorry for the trouble that I put you and your heart through God knows that I'd do anything for a part two, or to be prayin' for the day you come back to me, sayin' that you forgive me Give me another chance, I'm needin' it like a kidney I don't wanna advance, give me back her hands Give me back her touch, I don't ask for much but I fucked up, I know I fucked up, I admit I fucked up but everybody fuck up, now this other nigga lucked up Tellin' me and my clique don't give a fuck Cause um, we from New Orleans, she was from Georgia She was my down chick, I was her soldier I was her gangsta, she was my shoulder You were the pistol to my holster .. BANG! [Chorus] (Lil' Wayne) You've been hiding, never letting it show Always trying, to keep it under control (I see you hidin' it mama) You got it down, and your well on your way to the top (keep doin' your thing) but there is something you forgot [Lil' Wayne] You forgot about the house, you forgot about the ring I remember everything, I just wanna hear you sing I remember the love, right after the fights You can't tell me you don't remember those nights and if I would cry, then you would cry twice To me you are the brightest star under sunlight See take away my title, take away my stripes You give me back my girl and you give me back my life Give me back my girl and you give me back my life See this is just a nightmare, so I blink twice Open up my eyes hopin' she'd be in my sight I remember the time, I wish I could bring it back What she mean to me, is what I mean to rap (what I mean to rap) [Chorus] (Lil' Wayne) You've been hiding, (y'know) never letting it show Always trying (I see you hidin' it mama) to keep it under control (but I know you know) You got it down (I know you do) and your well on your way to the top (but I wish you and yours nothin' but happiness shawty) [Verse 3:] But I hope you haven't forgot about me up in the livin' room watchin' Sports Center You were cookin' dinner, I was such a sinner, but the Lord is a forgiver You know they say if you pray then you can get your blessings ordered and delivered and your boyfriend is not like me Ma you even went and got a teardrop like me I remember we would sit at home all day You called me "Butta", I called you "Babe" My momma asked about you, my partners did too I know your daughter will be so amazin' like you and I know you probably wish you never met me, and I just wish you never forget me and let me say, please don't worry 'bout the women I have been with No engagement can amount to your friendship and I hope that nigga know he got a queen, and all I can do is dream .. DAMN! I've been lonely, I've been waiting for you I'm pretending, and that's all I can do The love I'm sending ain't making it through to your heart The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Da Drought 3 Song: This Is Why I'm Hot Typed by: mainevent_4@yahoo.com [Lil Wayne] Rasta dem king of the jungle Dreadlocks swing down me back like Rapunzel My bread run sling dem pack in a bundle We?ll take yo ting sell it back to yo uncle And we?ll make it rain 'till ya dances to come true We?ll make it rain til ya better bring a swim suit Alone when I came but I'm leavin wit dem too Girls give me brain give me brain like Temple And him got game game sharp like a pencil Now if you want vermeils we can crash like a cymbal Look upon me window I'm a new sports coupe 12 horses in the hood sittin on horseshoes Come from the land dat Jesus walk through Sacrifice me life man I bleed for me own crew Dem no wanna rum rum wit me dem no want to Murder dem and the family dem belong to Gangsta dem know it run the street like the car do You can hafta leave me or dearly depart you Hip hop is mines now mines what ya gone do I can jump on any nigga song and make a part two Play time for me cuz see to me they are cartoons How come every joint be on point like a harpoon How come every bar stand strong like a bar stool How come every line so raw you gone snort to Murder dem man I murder dem  Fuck a competition man I murder dem Man I murder dem man I murder dem Fuck a competition man I murder dem The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne Album:The Drought Is Over Song: Prostitute Flang Typed by: shakelamatin@comcast.net [Lil' Wayne Talking] Young roll out baby (Yeah) (Young money, alright, yeah) Young roll out baby (Young money) (Alright, alright, alright) [Hook] I wouldn't care if you were a prostitute And that you hit every man that you ever knew See it wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you girl See you don't ever have to worry about me as long as you keep it real Whatever is on your mind speak on how you feel Stay true to me and never lie to me And don't ever keep no secrets no matter whatever Girl you know what I mean (yeah) [Verse 1] Well if you don't then I'll explain You can be my Mrs. Wayne We can do the damn thing You see I had to tell my nigga Lil' Boy I met a girl like you Cause I ain't never met another girl like you But I know what to do wit a girl like you Three letters I do [Hook] I wouldn't care if you were a prostitute And that you hit every man that you ever knew See it wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you girl See you don't ever have to worry about me as long as you keep it real Whatever is on your mind speak on how you feel Stay true to me and never lie to me And don't ever keep no secrets no matter whatever Girl you know what I mean (yeah) [Verse 2] Well if you don't then I'll explain I'll give up the game At the top of the arena there's my jersey wit my name What's happening baby, what's happening baby You know you need to roll wit a champion baby Any time I see ya I get asthma baby Like th th that's my baby [Hook] I wouldn't care if you were a prostitute And that you hit every man that you ever knew See it wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you girl See you don't ever have to worry about me as long as you keep it real Whatever is on your mind speak on how you feel Stay true to me and never lie to me And don't ever keep no secrets no matter whatever Girl you know what I mean (yeah) [Somebody talking over beat] Like fo real though baby girl you ain't gotta keep no secrets it's just me and you You gotta keep it real Your pussy like a drug to me You got me fiending If I could sing, if I could sing Damn baby if only I could sing Help me out lil' bra [Bridge] I love it baby (yeah) I love it baby Don't you know I love it baby (I really did) I love it baby Like Young Jeezy I love it baby (yeah) I love it baby (I know you do too) I love it baby (Well I bet you will) I love it baby (yeah) [Hook] I wouldn't care if you were a prostitute And that you hit every man that you ever knew See it wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you girl See you don't ever have to worry about me as long as you keep it real Whatever is on your mind speak on how you feel Stay true to me and never lie to me And don't ever keep no secrets no matter whatever Girl you know what I mean (yeah) [Verse 3] See they can say what they want girl But they'd never change my views Cause they will never know you the way that I know you You see I'm tryna spend the rest of my whole life with you girl And if we gotta be alone so be it baby And if ya friends can't understand you, you don't need them baby (Yeah, Yeah, yeah alright, yeah, see everything's alright, see everything's alright, ya dig) [Hook] I wouldn't care if you were a prostitute And that you hit every man that you ever knew See it wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you girl See you don't ever have to worry about me as long as you keep it real Whatever is on your mind speak on how you feel Stay true to me and never lie to me And don't ever keep no secrets no matter whatever Girl you know what I mean (yeah) (Well if she don't know, she know by now) Alright, alright, alright Say roll out baby Young money The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: La La 12" Song: La La Typed by: bomberfromdabean@aim.com Uh-huh, that's right, The Carter 3, come on Yeah, yeah, walk with me, come go with me Yeah, it's Lil Weezy baby, hehe And I'm just lighting up my La, la la la la la la, la la la la (yea, yea, yea) La, la la la la la la, la la la la (yea, 1-7, Cash Money, Young Money) Born in New Orleans, rasied in New Orleans I will forever remain faithful New Orleans I thank you New Orleans, thank you Hollygrove That's been my hood since a snotty nose I come thru the hood suicidal doors I used to come thru the hood on the handlebars Gat in my drawers, money in my pocket Crack in my jaws, I hope it don't disolve And you know I'm ducking 5-0 and my moms Youngin' quick to go off like car alarms Now the youngin' keep his mind on the parmagean Them other niggas ain't eating like a Ramadan Spit the shit that make you feel it in ya chromosomes Got some money, put my whole damn corner on Young Carter part 3, I'm the corner store Eagle Street, keep it going till homies home And I'm just lighting up my.. La, la la la la la la, la la la la (yea, yea, yea) La, la la la la la la, la la la la (yea, come on, I'm just lighting up my) La, la la la la la la, la la la la (yea, yea, yea) La, la la la la la la, la la la la (can I kick it?) Can I kick my story to ya'll? My glory in God My faith and my flow, I pray that I go where no other rapper has And when ya rapping as, vivid as I Ya limit is the sky, so I Study B.I., I bang Tupac I hum Aaliya, and Soldier Slim was a leader Who am I not to follow greatness? And give these emcees hell like they all athiest Tell them hating niggas one like they in The Matrix And tell the cops I can buy my own bracelets I'mma keep the paper running like a pair of aces Used to sport the Gucci bucks, nigga no laces Stripe polo, five pocket Girbaud Momma got her tube tied, I'm rocking dolo I used to have the Starter jacket with the logo And a hat, myself I had the N.O., that's the Saints nigga La, la la la la la la, la la la la (yea, yea) La, la la la la la la, la la la la (and I'm just lighting up my) La, la la la la la la, la la la la (you know, you know) La, la la la la la la, la la la la (Weezy, baby, yea) It's, Lil Wayne, I'mma shine in the rain Now nothing gets clear without me signing my name I'm just, headlining the game, won't quit until I'm A-roding the game, they riding the bench They not in the game, I misplaced the key to the lock and chain My spot remain, like a bleach stain, or cranberry It's, "Murder She Wrote" like Angela Lansberry I remember being small mayne New toys when my momma win the card game Got my gifts before Christmas, didn't have to wait for em I had a 10-speed, a scooter and a skateboard Haha, then we moved to the suburbs Me and lil Toya Johnson was lovebirds Oh man, and I swear I feel born again I'm in the building like the audience, just lighting up my La, la la la la la la, la la la la x8 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne Album: Da Drought Is Over 2 Song: Pump That Bass Typed by: matt_runyon@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne] Hahah..Yeeah, we're all here.. What it do like, just look at it what it is, what it do (Pump That Bass) Okay I step up in this bitch I see 'em look at me I must be water cuz women drown when they look at me Court is now in order baby girl throw the book at me I do life and make ya my wife I can be your blanket baby girl I'm your security Underneath the blanket it's gonna be a conspiracy Offer me to manage, not takin off ya panties But I do life if I touch his wife But she wanna get right, so we do it all night till the woman is like On my mic, that's a 1-2 check, check for a sound byte, right Now she ready to spit If she can swallow her pride then she swallowin' this I tell her hop up inside that Merceal, I'll go, hit the radio and (Pump that bass) Yeah Ay, the rims may offend you on the shit I slide into, fuck you Bring it to the Dezzy tell ya be cool Ahem, hold all the pistols, roll by the cops and (Pump that bass) Sittin on the corner lookin' like a owner Talkin' to the owner, ye my price blown up All in the strip club, never get a boner Only get hard but D'oh! I'm Homer And you're a simp son, and I'm a pimp son And she ain't comin' to the crib till her friend come We gettin' money over here you need to get some Out comes the po, steal from my income Outside where we take it if ya mouth run Southside where I'm from, that's where ya bitch come Yeah baby, I pedal the floors up, I'm lettin' the doors up I'ma (Pump that bass) Yeah Ay, whatchu know about jeans from Japan Hand made with the brand on the seam of the pants And the steam in the seam of the pants also And the steam, letter B on so don't go no where Got plenty, more here and there The shoes I wear you don't own a pair Get it clear like a mirror, that's why ya girlfriend stare Just been elected the president here Cheers, cheers, tangerine tequila, no beers Ye, I like this here Wit Ciara on the track it's music to my ears That's when I go to the store and I ask for a Philly If they don't have a Philly, I ask for a Swisha If they don't have a swisha, I ask for.. That's when I ask for, that's when I ask for a Dutchey! I ask for a Dutchey, they gotta have a Dutchey I don't smoke backwoods I just smoke Dutcheys And mama over there say she gon' fuck me But, but naw she can't touch me Cuz my girl is lookin' way good The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Damage is Done (White Label) 12" Song: Damage is Done Typed by: benzo278@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1] Runnin' from the scene, Hammer in my jeans Dead bodies behind me, the cops'll never find me Arm & Hammer Clean on my way to the honeycombe Hustle all night tell my bitch I'm never coming home Be there in the morning, stop cryin' bitch The sun is home, drop it on the living room table Bitch the money home, I know you ain't gon' stay once the money gone So while I'm rich I pull my dick and get my fuckin' on Youngin' on some real "Gangsta Gangsta" shit Blame it on the neighborhood I was sanctioned in But I'ma make sure we get them acres Tell 'em fuck computers, we good with paper Tell 'em fuck the world 'cause I'm hood by nature Feelin' that way is how the hood'll make ya The hood is vacant, the streets are empty, yeah Mr. Bush, rebuild the city, but [Verse 2] Yeah, over like yesterday floatin' to the floodgates This is New Orleans, welcome to the blood state A blood bath, and you ain't nothin' but tub bait No political justice not even the judge safe If his ass can't swim he get a closed case We need our own space, I ain't talkin' about Jupiter No luck, no help and we the fuckin' future I'm a hoosier, usually the cool one But when I need it, I turn into a looter God forgive, but do he forgive the brutal Even when it's for the better of your junior Soon you see that life's just another movie And the main character dies at the end, usually There's nothin' that haven't been done that you can do to me I been hit, I been shot nigga shoot at me! [Verse 3] Yeah, Money on the mind, murder in the plans Disturbin' if you may, but it's dinner for the fam Hustler by law, support when I can Hustle when I can, tell me nothing I'm a man Smell my shit as I walk off the stand Nuts to my feet with my heart in my hand Pardon my G, but I'm one of a kind Been shot two times, here to put it in a rhyme Slow lane, move the Coupe like a 5 If I get pulled over, bitch I'm gon' do time And I know my niggaz love me, but they can't do mine So I gotta be smart, get bread or get behind Get lost or get in line But the carpet's still fine So keep tryin', the whole world turnin' back But we keep tryin' until we get our piece, no piece Keep Firin' Bah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mack 10 / Cash Money Millionaires Album: Exit Wounds soundtrack Song: Steady Griding Typed by: Westcoastkillah3@cs.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1: Baby] Mack 10 said he got it and he servin fo' six But I'm the bird man nigga, need to score some shit I need a warehouse full, with pets, riders and bulls couple of chopper, mack 11, and some Hot Boy Hood My Lil' Bitch Kisha said she hit the mall, bought some goods She gone bring it straight to daddy, break her off with the wood The beauty shop stay poppin', cause this zones keep rockin And my phone keep plunckin', cause these hoez keep jockin Just bought a new six with bra-less kit Put me on the floor two nines in my hip The reason the drought is cause the feds done bust' my ship Got a crew of head busters that will split your shit Got a old and young bitch that'll take that trick Hit the streets, with that work 400 a zip Gave my nigga ???? car go break them bricks Go flood that magnoila cause I want that bitch KC take this glock, make will of the spot Tanto, Tito and Wap ya'll hug the block And we gon tell the police, this this where money be clocked And they can suck a nigga dick cause the hustle dont stop [Hook: Juvenile & Lil' Wayne] [Juve] You could beg shorty, you could keep it dirty You could flip a birdy , you could cut it and serve it And I keep it real, and I play the field And I know when to deal, and I know when to kill [Wayne] And I flip the guns, when I collect the funds And I make all the ones, and I can play the drums You could hang in a jungle, you could push them bundles You could drive a Bentley, you could drive a Hummer [Verse 2: Turk] Look Nigga know that I got that work So he plottin' and watchin' try to see when I'm gone So he could break in my housin I'm a bake a cake for 'im, make 'im think I'm out of town I know he's here hustlin' I want my monkey talkin loud tellin' my round I'll be there pick me up from the port On my way to Nashville, 10 bricks I'm goin to score Probably get a lil' dope, cause that dope make more money 20 dollars for a bag half a gram for 100 This nigga just don't know I'm on top of my game Should have keep it to himself but instead he told Elaine That I'ma get that nigga Turk So I got to bust his brains Cause if I let that nigga slide than he gon' try to do it again So I gotta handle that mind get rid of the bitch quick Bust him up fast throw him in a lake and spilt Jack who, take what, from who, not me Get a bullet in your head and leave that ass in the streets Hook [Verse 3: Mack 10] From Atlanta the drive-bys low ridin and shit talkin'  Sherm smokin, crack, sellin' Blood and Cripp walkin Mack One-0's the name nigga Hustlin' is my thang nigga CMR and West Side Who Bang is the game nigga Recognize a G in me, off top we wig-splitters Young and Thuggin' like Turk and them head bustin' niggas check it I like the funk and shoot first is what they tell me And no matter what it cost Slim and Baby gon bail me I fight all my murder and dope cases from the bricks Known and loved by every hoochie, bitch, and project chick Cause I floss ice and buy crack at the boss price And I been fucked and sucked by all my hoez at least twice I'm reppin killah Cali, but down with them south niggas U know, them uptown gold and platinum mouth niggas Mack stay cockin' low, and down to ride for the cause We keep it crackin' from Crenshaw to the Mardi gras Chicken Hoez, game affiliated and drung related I'm a drop-top Bentley pushin nigga with my crop braided From the feet up G'd up is my everyday behavior A million dollar nigga, still ride in Chuck Taylor's The fans worse then them jackers, try to keep me in sight Gotta take backstreets and alleys to get home every night Mack is to much of a rider I could never be a sucker I'ma ball till I fall and keep it gangster as a motherfucker Hook The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Mannie Fresh Album: Get Somethin' 12" Song: Get Somethin' Typed by: loeryda69@hotmail.com [Chorus: Mannie Fresh] Lexus, Benz, Impala's wit' the top down drivin' careless Swervin' through from left to right, and I'm dressed so super tight Baby girl shake it like Beyonce I done forgot about fiance, blowin' smoke up in the air Table dances by my chair Get something now [Lil Wayne] I'm hot from New Orleans Weezy F Baby Way above ballin' Stay above yall and I got da A and da K if y'all want it I'm making way for my homies better not sleep, stay awake for the moment It's young Carter come and get it in order oooh...hotter You six feet in the six Im snuffed in the Bentley Oooh..shorty stop playin' wit' me I'm da heart of the SQ mobbers Mobbin' wit my black Madonna Get my back momma Got that Mac persona I'm a P.I.M.P, I'm the uncrowned K.I.N.G I'm from uptown never tempt me cuz its like nevada Ill leave my desert empty uhh Bezzle yellow SP Yeah.. Ain't a fella hotter than me, ain't another better than me ooh. [Lil Wayne] Hole in the door fo' show ya boy rollin' I'm cold wit' da' flow no boast but y'all boring holding my coast by myself never folding Throwing the SQAD 7 up lettin' em know it wizzle F toting floating Notice the stroke in my motion, strollin' Toke and a poke and a smoke got me loaded Put a purple ocean in my soda make potion Pull a rover over by some hoes make noise Roll ya body like a snake slow for all my boya'z wizzle hotter than ya hottest gat but so poised Bodies flying in the air while I whip the Harley I'm hardly seeing you playa you can't see me I'm a gangsta I supposed to be on TV, really And the rolls gold bezzle show clearly fee where you at you gotta feel me Daddy [Lil Wayne] See I look to my side and Lil Gudda say peel ya Weezy F get familiar y'all boy's startin na get pecuiliar I'ma's kii..kii ..kill ya I'ma Kit Kat dealer I'ma Maybach wheeler I'ma get them millions Like a slick big William hater Big willy like I fuck's wit Jada I ain't got nothin' but yaya man Nothin' but flavors man Nothin' but wages man Nothin' but paper I'ma fuck it and take it and show all of my homies Drop 20's on the 'Rari Scratch off at parties I'ma make your hoe grab all her shorties up in the Escalade Suburban Snatch off that lingerie I'ma make y'all boys back off the army Put that hammer to your dome Now come off that arm piece And I like that chain I'm feeling that heck My papi's Ozzy Ozbourne And I'm feeling like Jack Gimme dat! That's wassup Man, it's weezy F man AND The F is for fly (flllyyy) Birdman junior... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Bow Wow, Lil' Wayne, Lil' Zane, Sammie Album: Hardball Soundtrack Song: Hardball Typed by: Cashmoneyrec2001@cs.com Throw me the ball and watch me what I do with it We got Bow Wow in the house My man Lil' Zane - huh, and Lil' Wayne Sammie sing to me [Chorus 1: (Sammie)] Strike one, caught you by surprise Strike two, right before your eyes Pitch three, this one's to the wall Ain't no game like a game of Hardball [Verse 1: Lil' Bow Wow] When I step to the plate the outfield gets back (back) Cause they know I'm the over the wall type of dog So many back to back hits they call me little Sammy Sosa Bubble gum cards and all the posters Y'all know, how I roast ya when it's time to compete On the field, on the court, over any hot beat or break, and you know it when you see your clone And right now that's all I see goin on, holla at me Game time, all I think about is bringin home the trophy If your team is better mine, you really gotta show me Really gotta beat me, really gotta trash talk Mistreat me, and send my squad back home Cause I don't know lose too much Matter fact, I ain't never lost at all When I'm playin Hardball (that's right) So, if you on the mound about to pitch to me Understand I'm like Griffey, I keep 'em to the wall [Chorus 2: (Sammie)] Strike one, caught you by surprise Strike two, right before your eyes Strike three, ohh I got you out Without a doubt, I got you out Strike one, caught you by surprise Strike two, right before your eyes Pitch three, this one's to the wall Ain't no game like a game of Hardball [Verse 2: Lil' Zane] This goes out to them jocks that stay on my jock, throwin the pop Keep pitchin, I'm in the kitchen makin radio rock It's usually preferred, I be choosy with all my words Throwin eggs at them chickenheads, beggin on the curb Direct from my burb, a fast baller with a curve Have her slidin home, tellin her friends just in the third I'm sure ya done heard, who I'm doin and what I'm doin What's false and what's true and.. (girl listen) When it comes to this game they call me Zane McGwire That other kid was just a Mark, so I made him retire See we all got a base, and we hold our own But when I - come up to bat, we all goin come home And our fans cheers us on cause they know what the drill is Goin, out of the field into your automobile And I hope it ain't your Range Rover that you spent your change over I'm in the dugout with my tongue out player game over [Chorus 2: (Sammie)] [Verse 3: Lil' Wayne] Listen, listen, listen They call me young Wheezy Rodriguez You know I'm gettin it hot as the bullet that (killed) Kennedy, y'know And I keep the chrome bat swingin, slingin that iron Pitch on the block like Nolan Ryan Too bad for TV, you won't see me I'm right in the streets I'm a hustler, people, my life in the streets Watch the game, get you wife in the sheets My watch, my chain, and my teeth cost That way I will never cheap talk And I call mami sweetheart, she call me sweet daddy And she gladly, loves the way that daddy bat it, yeah baby Wheezy Weez a player baby, and I don't share baby So if you searchin for some (pussy) ain't nuttin here, baby Catch me throwin an eighty in the latest Bentley, goin out And Wheezy never hit a foul, a Hot Guy Don't hit pop flies, I knock it up out the park And after the game's over we gon' meet up after dark [Chorus 2: repeat 2x (Sammie)] Lil' Bow Wow, Lil' Zane, Lil' Wayne, Lil' Sammie The Little Rascals, and me y'all know my name The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Boo Album: I Am Not a Human Being II Song: I Ain't Nervous Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Lil Wayne] I ain't nervous I swear to God I ain't nervous Naw, naw And I'm laughin at them pussy niggas And that pussy shit they doin Gettin cake like I'm Jewish My nigga Drake he Jewish I swear to God I ain't nervous, naw [Hook: Lil Wayne] Ok, I swear to God I ain't nervous I swear to God I ain't nervous I say I swear to God I ain't nervous I got her workin, twerkin, and slurpin my syrupin Ain't got no problems in this bitch for certain I see you turning up with your turn up ain't workin Just want some mouth and lip service, yeah I'm gettin head behind the Maybach curtains [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] Ok I'm straight edge, no ricochet That pussy boneless, that Chick-Fil-A I fuck with real riders, and they tickets paid Niggas crying wolf, while I wipe them tears away I swear my mama trust my work So I give these hoes that work They say the best things in life are free So thats why it cost for you to get murked Have my pants saggin like fuck it I'm still on my business, spent my birthday in jail I was making bad decisions, saw my enemy at the light I told Marley light the weed Then I lit them niggas up before that motherfucker turn green Your bitch ride my like a go kart I pay that pussy like Mozart I Mozart these hoes hearts and then after that they worseless [Hook] Ok, I swear to God I ain't nervous I swear to God I ain't nervous I say I swear to God I ain't nervous I got her workin, twerkin, and slurpin my syrupin Ain't got no problems in this bitch for certain I see you turning up with your turn up ain't workin [Verse 2: Lil Wayne] I like em long hair and curvy If niggas think its a game I leave their brains on their jerseys She said she love me, thats the molly talkin Her pussy so wet, it keep sliding off it She got a nigga, but he ain't me bitch I'm the original gangsta, he the remix Girl do you use that same mouth to kiss your mama? I say only God can judge me, fuck your honor Yeah, her birthday suit is her pajamas She said I didn't know your dick was a recliner I punch her man in his eye give him a shiner I blind him Him and whoever co-signed him I get Adam like Yolanda Young Money Cash Money Obama Its fuck the world no condom If he twisted, Ill unwind him And this pistol came with a silence But I swear to God he heard it [Hook] I said I swear to god I ain't nervous Naw, I swear to got I ain't nervous, aha Bitch I'm a god, I should be rappin in the turban Ain't got no problems in this bitch, for certains I see your turning up but your turn up ain't workin Baby I do on some out here lip service She gonna ride this dick like the kentucky, derby [Verse 3: Boo] On that Pat Ryan I'm swervin Game tight like virgins Got a bad bitch she Persian Call her AK when she squirtin You see the niggas I'm with That boy Boo the shit As long as I got a face, your bitch got a place to sit Yeah I'm wildin' off them shroomies Ain't got no worries like Tunechi All my chicks be boosie Wanna hold hands, then watch movies I be like God damn, make a nigga lose it Ain't no talkin, lets get to it Real niggas winnin, fake niggas losin Bitch I leave that pussy with bruises [Hook] Girl, I swear to God I ain't nervous I swear to God I ain't nervous No, I swear to God I ain't nervous I got her workin, twerkin, and slurpin my syrupin Ain't got no problems in this bitch for certain You fuck with tunchi, you end up a missin person She got a tunchi on her booty I'm getting head behind the Maybach, curtains Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne f/ Reel Album: I Feel Like 12" Song: I Feel Like Typed by: res308@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [repeat 2X] Do it Do it, now, now, uh do it now Now, now uh do it now gul [Verse 1: Wayne] Hot Boy Baby, stop for a woman with her clothes off Get hed, then doze off This bed is so soft, this dick is so hard End all the bullshit as soon as I pull it out Then I put it, push it, in and out That's that good shit, that gushy, I work them out yea She said her guy can't satisfy her now she cumma cumma cumma cumma cumma chameleon She comes and gooooes, my hoe And I love her, love her, love her, I love her, I really do But I don't hook or handcuff her, that's not somethin' I do, yea [Chorus: 2X] Reel: I feel like fuckin' somethin', I feel like fuckin' somethin' Wayne: I'ma step to the girl, I'ma let her know my name She gon' look at her girlfriend like bitch I'ma leave you, yep! [Verse 2] I don't want no problems, I just wanna fix that problem If your problem be that nigga, mama, I will be that nigga You should have yourself a drink, I get through and your girls about to go peace, I get you in the V.I.P. with me, now talk to your girls, V-I-P I be cause I do it, large iPod, the coolet muthafucka that you prolly ever saw To the bar we spar, lovetaps, later on we turn that to war, yea [Verse 3] OK ma, I hear you sayin' I can hit, that's good wat about this nigga I'm with? he good that's my nigga Trill Reel, Reel show her wat you do... That's how me move so, baby lets move slow Mami that's too slow, keep up with the groove We gon' get to wrestlin', messin' with your breasts since you come through in a dress, now I'm undoin' your dress Yea, I got my 1,2, my 1,2 in effect I'm the young dude, that's sprung, you come through and get wet And yes I..know I..ease 'em when I please 'em The people downtown never want me to leave 'em Ohhh Do it I said do it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: I Feel Like Dying 12" Song: I Feel Like Dying Typed by: southsidebaulla@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Only once the drugs are done Then I feel like dying, I feel like dying Only once the drugs are done Then I feel like dying, I feel like dying Only once the drugs are done Then I feel like dying, I feel like dying I feel like, I-I, I feel like [Lil Wayne] I am sittin on the clouds-I got smoke comin from my seat I can play basketball with the moon, I got the whole world at my feet playin touch football, on marijuana street or in a marijuana field-you are so beneath my cleats Get high, so high that I feel like lying down in a cigar-roll me up and smoke me'cause (I feel like dying)Haha [Lil Wayne] Swimmin laps around a bottle of Louie The Thirteenth Jumpin off of a mountain, into a sea of Codeine I'm at the top of the top-but still I climb and if I should ever fall, the ground will then turn to wine Pop, Pop I feel like flying-then I feel like frying then (I feel like dying) [Lil Wayne] I can mingle with the stars, and throw a party on Mars I am a prisoner locked up behind Xanex Bars I have just boarded a plane without a pilot and violets are blue-roses are red daisies are yellow, the flowers are dead wish I could give you this feeling-I feel like buying and if my dealer don't have no more, then (I feel like dying) [Chorus] - repeat 'til end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: I'm a Beast 12" Song: I'm a Beast Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne] Rapping is my hobby, my house has a lobby My bitches act snobby, because I feed them thousands I know that didn't rhyme but I'm only being honest You can't pay me in cash now I'm only seeing commas I swear I got on Saks 5th boxers right now I'm trynna milk the game as if the game was a cow I had an Eddie Bauer expedition seven years ago My grandma used to tell me that she swear I been here before I used to wear braids like Jason's lyric, whoa Spent a bundle on the cross because I'm spiritual And I can never pass a physical, I stay high High as the voice of Akon And make mine a straight with no chase Hold the ice, I got enough on anyway And when they see the boy, they hyperventilate I got 'em running after me like I'm about to win a race [Hook] Cause I'm a beast, I'm a dog Bitch I'm a beast, hoe I'm a dog Yeah you know that I'm a beast, I'm a dog I'm a beast, hoe I'm a dog You know that [Lil Wayne] No, never entertain the suckers with the hating bidness (Nah he never did that) I'm on a yacht playing table tennis Expensive linin, women sinning Adultery - compulsively I'm an arsonist on the beat, blaze fire The door close to the booth, I feel like a caged lion Yeah let me loose, now let me get 'em Cause I ain't going back and fourth like badminton No I will never drop the ball like badminton And I ain't being conceited, I'm just admitting I flow cocky, got hand rhythm I got this bitch on lock like San Quentin I'm tough daddy, what's popping gangster? I'm trynna keep my pockets fat like opera singers So sharp, if you touch me I'll chop your fingers I'm on top of the game like helicopter angles I see you niggas, I hope you having fun I hope you have a gun, this shit is crazy It's little Baby, I'm here to take it And it's looking vacant [Hook - x2] [Lil Wayne] Ok, now I'ma go off on 'em, at first I was going soft on 'em But now it's time to go hard, busting, banging Bogard Take a shit in yo' yard, take a piss on yo' broad Make a list of yo' boys, and go and murder them all, huh Life is short, yeah a midget told me that And I always thought I was fly like I had a pigeon on my back But I got decisions on my back, vision on my back So don't you try to run up on me, I got precision with that gat I don't rat-tat-tat-tat-tat, all I got to do is tat Bet I hit my tar-get, like a fucking dart mat My address is Cloud 9, seek and you shall find Weezy on da grind, I'm bout my Frankenstein You know me, yeah, from my Lincolns to my Franklins See I make that money stretch and connect like an anklet Keep the bitches running in and out my house like a banquet And I don't even speak their language, haha And if the bitch boyfriend get angry Then my niggas turn around and tell his whole click Fuck that nigga! Pussy ass nigga! Fuck that nigga! Yeah! [Hook - x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: The Leak Song: I'm Me Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne samples] "The hottest... under the sun" "Damn" "Ain't nobody fucking with me man" "Ay, you already know that pimping" "Cash Money Records, where dreams come true" "Fuck up my dream" "Somebody gon' die tonight" "Ay, you already know that pimping" "Ay it's Cash Money Records mayne, a lawless game" [Lil Wayne] Un-fucking-believable, Little Wayne's the president Fuck 'em, fuck 'em, fuck 'em, even if they celibate I know the game is crazy, it's more crazy than it's ever been I'm married to that crazy bitch, call me Kevin Federline It's obvious that he'll be Cash Money till the death of him The ground shall break when they bury him, bury him I know one day they got to bury him Better lock my casket tight baby, so I don't let the devil in People, it's just me and my guitar, yeah bitch I'm heavy metalling You can the fucking Led Zeppelin Niggas is bitches, bitches, I think they full of estrogen And we hold court and take your life for a settlement Yes I am the best, and no I'm ain't positive, I'm definite I know the game like I'm reffing it This is Tha Carter, Tha Carter 3, the New Testament And I'm the god, and this is what I bless 'em wit [Hook] Bitch I'm me, I'm me I'm me, I'm me Baby I'm me, so who you? You're not me, you're not me And I know that ain't fair, but I don't care I'm a motherfucking Cash Money Millionaire I know that ain't fair, but I don't care I'm a motherfucking Cash Money Millionaire Yeah, couldn't ya? [Lil Wayne] It's Cash Money over everythang It's in my blood, I feel it running in every vein I'm from the mud, I am a missile like a scud What's really good? I'm bout that ruckus like thud And I stayed on my flow at Cash Money like rug Tied to the fucking Birdman like a lug And dear Mr. Ronald Williams, to you I shall forever give thanks like a pilgrim Cash Money million, heir to the throne Going at their heads like hair in a comb Sitting by the window, I just stare at the stone Know I might get through it like hair in a comb Your money over bitches, my niggas trust my senses And I will take a dasher as the lord is my witness And you all have witnessed, but I am not finished So keep your mouth closed and let your eyes listen [Hook] Bitch I'm me, I'm me I'm me, baby I'm me So who you? You're not me You're not me And I know that ain't fair, but I don't care I'm a motherfucking Cash Money Millionaire I know that ain't fair, but I don't care I'm still a motherfucking Cash Money Millionaire Bitch! [Lil Wayne] Last year they had the Grammy's and left me in Miami Sleeping on a nigga like I'm rapping in my 'jamis I'm rapping when you sleep, I was rapping when you were in 'jamis Mel Gibson flow, Lethal Weapon, buck 'em damn me I'm a monster I tell you, monster Wayne I have just swallowed the key to the House of Pain Now I'm stuck here to deal with the house's pain Fuck with me, I will peel like the house's paint Let's go, niggas don't go see me cause I'm better in bold The only time I will depend is when I'm seventy years old That's when I can't hold my shit with them, so I shit on myself Cause I'm so sick and tired of shitting on everybody else I try to tell ya like I'm saying something I'm from the Dirty like the bottom of my passed cup And now nothing gonna stop me so just envy it Hey, I'll accept a friendly quid haha [Hook] Yeah, I'm me, I'm me Bitch I'm me, baby I'm me So who you? Fuck you! You're not me hah And I know that ain't fair, but I don't care I'm a motherfucking Cash Money Millionaire I know that ain't fair, but I don't care I am a motherfucking Cash Money Millionaire Bitch! [Lil Wayne samples] "The hottest... under the sun" "Damn" "Ain't nobody fucking with me man" "Ay, you already know that pimping" "Cash Money Records, where dreams come true" "Damn" "Somebody gon' die tonight" "Ay, you already know that pimping" "Ay it's Cash Money Records mayne, a lawless game" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Evil Empire & Lil Wayne: The Leak 6 Song: Can't Miss Typed by: rollinlacs@yahoo.com (Intro) Consider this Evil Empire thing as a threat Evil Empire (Hook, Lil Wayne) I don't need no hook for this shit I'm just tryina hit it-hit it like I can't miss Shawty I don't need no hook for this shit I'm just tryina hit it-hit it like I can't And I don't need no hook for this shit I'm just tryina hit it-hit it like I can't miss Shawty I don't need no hook for this shit I'm just tryina hit it-hit it like I can't (Evil Empire) (Verse 1, Lil Wayne) Ah-ah-ah-ahem Ah-ah-ah-ahem Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah Ah hahaha Ok now shawty take yo clothes off And I'ma hit it-I'ma hit it 'til we dose off And when we wake up, I'ma hit it 'til we dose off She say her pussy isn't stoppin I'm like, if that's the case, I'ma beat it like Johnny Cochran I'm a rocket like Houston, I'm leanin Ain't nothin between me and you, but this bikini Now can it I take it off ya? Rub my tongue across ya I do it so right, she call me an author But I am just a Carter Yeah, I'm just a Carter Straight to the powder Yeah, that's what I brought her Man I swear, I'ma make her cheer like victory Shawty shawty, you can get speared like Brittany, literally (Hook, Lil Wayne) And I don't need no hook for this shit I'm just tryina hit it-hit it like I can't miss Shawty I don't need no hook for this shit I'm just tryina hit it-hit it like I can't The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Jim Jones, NOE, Twista Album: Evil Empire & Lil Wayne: The Leak 6 Song: Swagger From Us Typed by: rollinlacs@yahoo.com (Sample from T.I.'s "Swagger Like Us") No one on the corner have swagger like us Swagger like us Swagger-swagger like us No one on the corner have swagger like us Swagger like us Swagger-swagger like us No one on the corner have swagger like us Swagger like us Swagger-swagger like us No one on the corner have swagger like us Swagger like us Swagger-swagger like us (Verse 1, Lil Wayne) Pull up on the corner, windows down on the space ship Ballin so hard man, I deserve an ace mint award, applaud Like I'm on stage, be married to the money (Evil Empire) I just skipped the engagement I'm fly, my ally is the bird game The top flew off of my whip, bird brains Third lane in the back of the first lane I need Rihanna's "Umbrella" for this purple rain Hurt to wayne, call it Wayne's World Money money, call 'em Wayne's girls Young money gangstas Runnin this shit like a flanker Ain't a clique like mine We click like 9's And we get higher than six by nines The stove ain't watch, cuz it's my time Bad boom swagger ain't shit like mine (Hook) [Jim Jones] No one on the corner have swagger like us [Not at all] Swagger like us  Swagger-swagger like us No one on the corner have swagger like us Swagger like us Swagger-swagger like us [I don't know what corner they from] No one on the corner have swagger like us Swagger like us [We from them corners that do it] Swagger-swagger like us No one on the corner have swagger like us [On my corners we make swag] Swagger like us [And we sell it to y'all] Swagger-swagger like us [JONES!] (Verse 2, Jim Jones) Took ballin to a phenomenon (What else?) I caught niggas snorin with no pajamas on (Section C) Talkin slick, who am I to reply? So fly, you would have to shoot me out of the sky (I got my target) Mayday-mayday, they said he parachuting The air got polluted when I had the Maserati (Vroom) But now I'm gettin green, I'm thinkin higher than Ferrari (Yes) You should call me god body (Learn ya lessons) Fresh to def to the arm legga legga (And) All white Nikes, check the bomb was venetta (And) One jet, I can change the weather Lookin all gully in my herm-ay skully (Damn) Threw on a scarf, look with a different Louie (Whatever) Niggas can't touch me like Jim had the cooties (He got the cooties!) Stunt so hard that niggas wanna sue me The rap money good, but wait 'til I get to movies! (Hook) [NOE] No one on the corner have swagger like us [Like the young Will Smith of this shit] Swagger like us Swagger-swagger like us No one on the corner have swagger like us Swagger like us [Bird game baby, capo what up!] Swagger-swagger like us No one on the corner have swagger like us Swagger like us Swagger-swagger like us [Yeah, Baltimore banger, man] No one on the corner have swagger like us Swagger like us [Let me test this mic out] Swagger-swagger like us (Verse 3, NOE) Listen, who kid? It's the new kid The ber-berry boss, asterisk on the shoe, kid (Fly) The Baltimore Buccaneer, the explorer In Tom Ford linen and a crispy fedora Caught throwin a tilt Thought I was the man 'til I puff the open sex, her ass dropped on the silk The nocturnal hustla, product of the evening Gritty, runnin through New York City like the thieving Time to up the ante Pockets uncanny Bulging Kim pussy pressed against the panty Now I'm in Vermont, and done funny in Miami Duckin rat packs like Sinatra and Sammy Trust me, I've been underneath the tap Doin time, pressin jeans underneath the mat Waitin on feet up Now I hate to speed up My g, you wanna ride? You gotta raise the front seat up (Hook) No one on the corner have swagger like us Swagger like us Swagger-swagger like us No one on the corner have swagger like us Swagger like us Swagger-swagger like us No one on the corner have swagger like us Swagger like us Swagger-swagger like us No one on the corner have swagger like us Swagger like us Swagger-swagger like us (Verse 4, Twista) T the best! I styled it with that category Others got a lot of stories All these other rappers bore me They say Twista, won't you take this to your laboratory No ones in the category Talk about your swagger for me Nobody fuckin wit Twist'  I be havin to fill the irrelevant And then I be killin 'em off with my ana' It's like I'm a scorpion, like I'm an elephant Fill 'em with venom and then I'ma stomp 'em into oblivion Like I'm a million, like I'm a billion Like I'm a trillion, I'm a gazillion, hey! Hit 'em in the body with a millimeter then I gotta put 'em in the dirt Put me in the middle of the money, cuz I know I gotta get it So I know I gotta work Grab them since '91, when I came at them differently I am the first They be comin and travelin with the dead bodies of rappers  And I am the hearse Twiiiiistaaaa I'ma get money killa, stay full of swagger And that eat'cha beat'cha Twiiiiistaaaa I got that horror flow Call it the creature feature (Hook) No one on the corner have swagger like us Swagger like us Swagger-swagger like us No one on the corner have swagger like us Swagger like us Swagger-swagger like us No one on the corner have swagger like us Swagger like us Swagger-swagger like us No one on the corner have swagger like us Swagger like us Swagger-swagger like us The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Wayne Album: The Longest Yard Soundtrack Song: Shorty Bounce Typed by: frank_bontje@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Uh yeah, uh yeah, uh yeah, holla at me (mannie fresh in background) [Verse One] Say boooyyyyy You ain't want to get hit with the AR, AR, 15, 15, flip cars So just imagine what it do to pussy niggaz that goin against me I come hhhaaard, I'm so hard I'm bruising up my knuckles I'm watching my fist bleed, fist bleed So whhhaaat I'm bustin this bustin, this fuckin up everybody that I see So move to the left, cause you might catch a hot one Tear a whole square out ya chest with the shotgun Make a whole pair out one nigga with the shotgun We can go there, my nigga, I'm so there Ridin by myself with the chopper on the backseat Shoot out the driver side knock his body to the backseat Stop pause, make the Dominique Dawes Flippin bitch niggaz when them shorty's go off he Lose the handguns, we don't got back nigga We hold shotguns, we pop that nigga And when you shot it, don't it It make ya body bounce You do the shorty bounce And when it hit you don't it It make ya body bounce You do the shorty bounce, bounce Shorty Bounce Now bounce shorty bounce Now bounce shorty bounce It make ya body bounce [Verse Two] Now, ay fella You ain't wanna get hit with the AK, AK, 47, 47, heavy metal Guns and roses Roses and dresses Funeral settins Blessins Ay man You see 'em on the waist I'm tryna shoot straight, straight shot Don't lose faith Homie use safe Hit ya in ya grill, now they call you two face This ain't dance, this a motherfuckin' pressure point Eartquake, break a nigga down to a decimal Break a nigga break, break a nigga down to a vegetable Lay ya grandmother next to you This the the untestable, the untouchable The young stunna do, whatever stunna do Stop pause nigga, make the Dominique Dawes Flippin bitch niggaz when them shorty's go off he [Verse Three] Ay chump You ain't wanna get hit with this straight pump just a pump, with the pump, with the pump Not the pump, the pump You know if I get em, you got already, you got already gotta slump I shot 'em once, with the buckshots Make it look like a sun shots A nice body all dumb hot He turned cold dead Anybody in the city cops say did Look me in my eyes nah look me in my barrel Leave a barrel strawberry cherry on ya apple I'm a very scary, new orleans mammal Shorty on my back got me workin like a camel Put a hole in ya back and lift you up I'm weezy f baby Guess whats up Stop pause, make the Dominique Dawes Flippin bitch niggaz when them shorty's go off he The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Lil Wayne Album:Mr. Postman 12" Song:Mr. Postman Typed by:numeros_uno1@hotmail.com [Sample] I've been standin' here waitin', Mr. Postman So-o-o patiently For just a card, or just a letter Sayin' he's returning home to me, Mr. Postman [Intro - Lil Wayne] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah That's right darling, aha Yeah, It's ya baby, baby, ha [Verse 1 - Lil Wayne] I got her waitin' on me, she lookin' down the block She see me walkin' up and she run to the mailbox She say it feels she's up in a cell block And I open her cell lock, I'm the (Postman) Just come to make my mail drop, more masculine than him I'm nastier than him, I'm passin' her and him In something faster than them And then he like, "Damn, there go that bastard again, he the (Postman)" And she correct him, and I respect her And he protect her, and she neglect him And he caress her, and she molest me He must be weak cuz me, I'm just the (Postman) And when her man home, I'm the ghostman Why you think she holdin that pillow close, man? Why you think she wont open the bathroom door? She's no whore, she want more of the (Postman) [Chorus - Sample] (x2) Postman, Po-post, Po-post, Postman So-o-o patiently, Postman Postman, Po-post, Po-post, Postman So-o-o patiently, Postman [Verse 2 - Lil Wayne] Girlfriend snatcher, I don't care if you're attached If that's her, then that's her And that's me to smash her Now she hangin' up her high ass skirt, on the (Postman) Hehe, yeah baby I got that comeback I'm at your walls like a thumbtack So Miss Humpback, I know what to do with all that Fall back, I'll put you a sinner, in the (Postman) That's big talk for a little guy But I'm walkin' without reply She got her legs up, she tryin' to walk in the sky She callin' for God, and she callin' on I, she say (Postman) I'm like, "Yeah baby, I'm right here baby He's here baby!" She like, "Yeah baby!" Heres a chain letter and some magazines Keep it clean, he will never think it was the (Postman) [Chorus - Sample] (x2) Postman, Po-post, Po-post, Postman So-o-o patiently, Postman Postman, Po-post, Po-post, Postman So-o-o patiently, Postman [Verse 3 - Lil Wayne] Yeah, she love my gangsta, she feel my swagger I'm there every week just to give her her package I pick up her bills and I pick up her taxes You might find a few stamps on your mattress from the (Postman) She want young holly grove in a envelope I'm her private note and you ain't gotta know I'm her fantasy, she always got letters on the canopy Waiting for the (Postman) No postal service, I just got my social workin' And your girl is lurkin', and this world is dirty And your girl is nervous, to give me head in the convertible I'm the (Postman) Yeah, kind and curtious, she love that in me She love me in her, and I love that plenty It never fails, sorry homeboy But you've got mail, I'm the (Postman) [Chorus fading until end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Drake Album: My Darlin' Baby 12" Song: My Darlin' Baby Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com Can I dig it when you baby me oooh oooh, oooh my darl.. oooh my darling baby you're in... [Lil Wayne] Uh, more beautiful than the world Word, matter of fact beautiful ain't the word unexplainable is the beauty of her and I will be the race car hitting her curves errrrr I drive her crazy, stupid retarded yeah and then I park it she got a smile on her that put a smile on me she cater to me she get all destiny child on me she ride for me even though I got miles on me she gon ride till the day they put flowers on me thats my darling and I love it, yeh thats my, yeh so sweet she bad for me but she so good I'll take the cavity falling for her like how safe is gravity I'll make your girl about face and marry me hahahaha, yeh I do, do you [Drake] but ahhh, the things I'm willing to do for her I wish I could have a threesome with two of her I would sing a love song if I knew the words but I'll be damned if another nigga do it first cos you the one, damn I think I see the sun I guess that mean you gotta run well holla at me when you done Can I dig it when you baby woop woop woop my darling baby [Drake] uhh she nothing like every other dime I think about her and couple things come to mind thoughts like if she end up my baby mother fine cos we only use a rubber like every other time oooh, I bet she so embarrassed I had to take her ass to Paris give her the moments that she cherish you know [Lil Wayne] yep she got it coming to her like an heiress and anything she want I +wheel+ like +ferris+ oops I meant ferris and in the coupe I tint very light so them hating bitches can see me and you at every light oooh, and I hope its one of them long lights I mean I hope its one of them long nights no wrong turns, aint no such things as a wrong right [Drake] uh yeah you make me feel so good and every time we cut I swear it heals so good its been over a year that shit is still so good no adjusting for you, you know just what to do and all yea, oh and I love it see I'm trying to make it public I think the glass slipper does fit [Lil Wayne] and yesterday I told her she a muthafucker and how her new haircut is so becoming of her oh thats your girl, well Imma make a women of her never do to another what we do one another now thats a numbers for ya, and i'll give up my summers for ya yeah I'll spend my winters and my springs on it and put a ring on it, eyy [Drake] uhh, just say yes not no the club is overrated baby lets not go lets stay home and burn a couple calories fuck the house up and make the maid earn a salary yeah I cook you dinner if you cook me breakfast they say that nobodies perfect but you look perfected I really love to be the one you took a step with so trust me when I tell you it'd be worth the effort [Lil Wayne] shes unbelievable like a purple leopard (?) just give me the formula watch me work the method hehe, Weezy F, I prefer the best shit and babe you the fucking best you deserve a trophy you could be my four leaf clover my clothes aren't tight nigga their cosy and when she turn around they say Whoa like Joey thats my baby and I love it yeah, Young Money The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Gudda Gudda Album: New Orleans Maniac 12" Song: New Orleans Maniac Typed by: thaloccdogg@aol.com This is the archetypal rock sound [Lil Wayne] Ok this really ain't no rock shit But um, let go Hollygrove monster New Orleans maniac Shoot a nigga up until his whole body ain't attached Hi, my name is best rapper alive And your mouth is the best crapper alive Cause you talk shit, I get hit and walk it off Like fuck that, then I just spit like barking dogs Call it bust back Attitude like fuck em all And I'm greasy And your boyfriend is a butterball What's geezy I mean what's good, bitch is you blind Check my watch bet it be money all the time Sunny on the side where I stay at Where M.I.A. at I get pussy every time I say that In the game room, I don't play that Bitch nigga get laid down where he lay at AK at your front door Young Zo You can ask Brisco Shoot til my wrist so Coupe with a bitch low Who put the slick pull I'm tired of the south, so in your mouth is where the dick go Yeah They like it when I say yeah huh? And your boyfriend's a tampon And I don't own land baby I own a land mine So step on my land and catch a bomb like Anquan Weezy F. and the F is for franchise You lookin at me is like you're lookin through ant eyes Young Money can't die Bitch we like Hancock Yeah I'm a Martian what you saying Spock I turn your beef into a ham hot Then I put it in a pan pot Shoot 'til my hand hot I can't hear you saying stop I hear nina sayin pop I hear choppers sayin chop I hear niggas screamin and shit Like I said holla at ya boy bitch But holla at ya boy bitch I'm the boy bitch Not ya boy bitch Cause ya boy a bitch Yeah Young Moola Crazy [Gudda Gudda] Eastside Loco You're sweet like cocoa And you can get your ass beat fast like go-go Mask on my face, low pro that a no show Shoot a rapper when his album drop give 'em promo You clown like bozo They ask him bout the group shit It's time to get the loot bitch I had to go solo Your bitch all on me, you better watch your hoe though She wanna come kick it like a dojo, uh-oh Slick nigga fuck 'em then I drop 'em like a low low Bitch want money like mils no, no-no Nigga if you hating suck a dick no homo Boy I keep it gutter like bo-bos Yeah I'm doin what I do so nigga just do you And my gun nicknamed mnage, she do two Nigga welcome to the Young Money age zoo crew We starvin and you could get ate like zoo-zoos Niggas boo-hoo cry motherfucker I'm heartless I'll break bones and cartilage You are just a mark muthafucker I'm a marksman And I'm all about the green like Boston Pardon me nigga I'm talkin reckless You walk into a gun fight Knife, no vest, bitch you crazy Just like the ice you wearin you fugaze Put 'em in the dirt Make 'em push a few daisies 80's baby Soon to be rich nigga King Kong beatin on my chest on you bitch niggas Paper I'm after So I'm on your ass now Young Money mothafucking cash cow Gudda The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Lil' Wayne, Mack 10 Album: Next Friday Soundtrack Song: Good Friday Typed by: hot_boyz@mail.com [Mack 10] Hoo Bangin' and Cash Money Hustlin' every Frday [Baby] Got a package on Wednesday, Thursday I broke it up Now Friday done came, today we cookin' up Ain't gettin' loaded nigga, no time for fuckin' up I'm breakin' niggaz of with bricks from hust-a-lers The hood done changed cause niggaz is comin' up Ya short me, I'ma have to blow your hood up The feds on my ass but I need my change So I could ride Hummers, Jags and Bentleys man [Manny Fresh] It's that day, phat day Kidnappin' and gun play I need my riches from you bitches and I can't stay Now that the flavor that I savor neighbor, 20 inch thangs Rag on my head, white T-shirt and bagette chains Mac like roni the one and only Nigga Puff like Daddy and I'm pretty like Tony Friday, lie day, tell the lil nigga I'll pay 'em And when he come up with the product, ya'll niggaz spray 'em Now why they Had to do me on Friday Chorus: B.G. (2x) It's Friday, nigga on the block straight shinin' Runnin' a bitch down, tryin' to get it I'm grindin' Sellin' 2 for 1's what ever nigga I got it Them checks came out so the set straight poppin' [Lil' Wayne] Listen, listen, listen, la Weezy-We, movin' 20 ki's a week On a good friday it's like easy street Breakin' down whole chickens, to quarters and halves You gould get it harded than slabs or softer than sand If you come around my course nigga Askin' for the short nigga Not on Tuesdays and Thursdays, I be duckin' the law nigga You know I got that raw nigga, bags to bricks Whole things goin' for 10 and ounces for 6 Look it's iceberg nigga expect the worst Friday done fell on the first and I got that work And if I fron the whole thing, I'ma ask for 11 If I front a half a thing, I'm taxin' ya 7 Cause I gotta ride dubs nigga runnin' whatever A CMR standard nigga got a flosser Kompressor I got a extra 223, and my pockets to spend And on the next Friday, I'ma do it again Wha Chorus: B.G. (2x) [Mack 10] Man first it was a hard night And that was good Friday, I got to duck 'til I'm special on the hard white I'm ridin' 20 inches, flossin', stay shinin' I'm the boss, I get chickens at cost and stay grindin' Don't make me put on the bass and so I'm bout to start hoopin' I'll remake 2 out a 1 so I can get hootin' and recoopin' My game gettin' strong and my profit gettin' long I bust the whole chick down and sell it all in zones Try to beat me or cheat me and get your shirt stained up And run for pop those hollows towards the door and freeze your brain up All hustlin' hit the stores and turn the flame up Left the water bubblin' and rocked the caine up So Baby, you Wayne and Fresh y'all get the machetes Put it in B.G. cook it and y'all chop it when it's ready And when you come to my hood and you lookin' for them thangs Mack 10 is the name on the Caddy door now what [Manny Fresh] Why they Had to do me on Friday Why they Had to persue on Friday Why they Had to do me on Friday Why they Had to persue on Friday Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Never Get It 12" Song: Never Get It Typed by: numeros_uno1@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne] Hat to the front Lookin' like I'm lightin' up a bat for a blunt I'm stickin' to the script, tryna kick it like a punt My life is like a movie and I do my own stunts I'm the Birdman Jr., call me young Baby Coulda been a killer but Cash Money saved me Remember I was little but the cash money made me Big dog bitch, no tramp, no lady Young ass nigga had a thing for old ladies But as I got older I began to like 'em younger To heavens where I brung her, and when she was under She said "Daddy they, daddy they, daddy they, daddy they Daddy they can't do it like you can" I get chips like Vegas and I am not a blue man Too much ice on my wrist and now I got a blue hand And if I sing Prostitute she gon' need some new pants And if I sing Pussy Monster she gon' need a new man Hello world, I would you all to meet me, her new man I vow to stay on top of my Somers like Suzanne And I hustle everyday, everyday, everyday, everyday Everyday I'm hustlin', fillin' up my cup again With that purple stuff again, I can't get enough of it Pay me in the direction of a swisher and I'm stuffin' it With that purple stuff again, I'm on some same color shit After you do Wayne, it's time to do Wayne's brothers bitch I get money like a fuckin' Wayans brother bitch I get good with Gorillas and stay away from the rattlesnakes And the jakes, and the fake, and the hate Interstate 10, no cops in sight And I'm coming back with a whole flock tonight Lord, don't let me get stopped tonight Or I'ma have to shoot it out with the cops tonight I swear, and tell the jack boys not tonight Cause I ain't 'N Sync but I will Pop tonight Yeah, that's right, if you ain't got that price Then go that-a-way, not a way we can even negotiate Big money heavyweight, on my way to Heaven's Gate So if that be them open gates, flow so appropriate Don't associate me with the bullshit One wish, I wish a motherfucker would trip Like a engine, I come from under the hood bitch But now a nigga gettin' paper like a booklet They ain't help me with it, but I took it And now they never get it, never get it, never get it, never get it Never get it back, yeah that's my word "Bling-Bling" in the dictionary, yeah that's my word And for me Ja Rule made it just like Irv Sometimes I still go through the hood just to kiss my curb Cause I love that block nigga, Eagle and Apple Old G's, young G's, leaders and barrels But God found me like a needle in a barrel And I'm so ready for war cause I'm a Jesus for the battle Money on my mind, that's all I think of Married to the game, never taking my ring off M.O.B., yeah that's my theme song Smokin' two L's, rockin' bells like ding-dong haha, yeah I got my wings on Flyer than the rest, I don't rest I keep going I just I-G-nore 'em Like anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway Anyway it goes, I'ma get gold And I could see the top the way I'm climbing this pole A nigga with the flu ain't rhyming this cold And nigga I'm hotter than a "fire in the hole" Steppin' out my shower like a lion in a robe Eyin' these hoes, iron in my hol-ster Surp, purp, sure Let's elevate and get away, accelerate and never hate Dedicate this, to the blue eyes and blonde hair I'm on top of my green like a lawn chair Don't worry, I'm straight like arm hair Don't worry, I'm straight like combed hair This world fucked my Pops and I was born here From the cell to a jet, call it Con-Air I told my niggas that we would see Better days yesterday, and today is a better day Celebrate The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Oh Boy (White Label) 12" Song: Ether * Typed by: Mpdld_2000@yahoo.com * an exception is being made for this song only due to popular demand [gunshots] [Lil Wayne talking] Haters nigga... Squad Up nigga   ("Fuck Jay-Z")  Naw my nigga I fucks wit Jay-Z Sorry you know what I'm sayin   ("Fuck Jay-Z") No no no I fucks wit the homie man...sorry no   ("Fuck Jay-Z") Yes we bout to squad this thing out baby Ya'll ready to squad wit me Then throw yo guns in the air mu-fucka If you aint got a gun get the fuck up outta here mu-fucka Cause we gon' bust it in ya head mu-fucka We here mu-fucka yes this is the squad right here Dawg And no the rhyme aint even start yet bitch But here we go, come on Wayne Look I, young money boy Lil' Weezy Hold it for A and Eagle Cash Money cross the belly Cash Money Makaveli We get that fetti fellas we bump that Roc-a-fella We got it pumpin holla back we crack rocafellas Nigga my tires better, I'm on them monsta bellas I got that brown boy or that white consuella Fee this shit over I got us thats a promise Let's go cop two new rovers drop it on Magic Johnsons Thats 32's for fools stick to them stuntin' rules 500 up in ya tummy can you stomach dude S Q my young'n crew we paid our fuckin dues Thats why yo bitch is over here suckin and fuckin dudes Ya'll niggas want a war bring it it's nothing dude This shit too hot to relax bitch dont get comfortable I fuck with super sammy blanco and fuck the bull Hydro I puff and pull until I'm duckin full What are you fuckin crazy come on its Weezy baby No for real bitch its Weezy baby Call me bad Wayne and I'm like Max Payne The sickest shit to hit since anthrax came I leave you with a tampax frame all bloody Just stand back man y'all dont want it But damn that man I come thru and do my Grand Theft thang My cran-ap tan cap slant back thang My hustle game up plus my flow that ugly Just call me Mitchell and Ness I got throwback money I got that um all good if its no crack money I got that hes all good he dont need to show that money I blow that money cause I know that money Hit the club and wild out and go and throw that money If that bitch on 21's then you know thats money I'm a pimp I'm bout to perm it out and bullrush somthin You a snitch you probably hit the court and burn dude Thats that Weezy the shit that make yo soul burn slow Fuck Ya ...S Q A D Holla at ya boy (lil Wayne talking) They cant fuck wit me man I dont Dawg I dont see em fuckin wit ya nigga right here Ya know what I'm sayin Call me the throwback youngn Bitch everytime you see me I'm in the 70's ho You dont know if its a jersey or the pimp game bitch Or it might just be the shit I got in my back pocket Know what I'm sayin In the balloon or the silver pack What you how you want it nigga? Huh? How you want it dawg? It's whateva we got it nigga from 64's to bentleys To porsches nigga to the to the to the fuckin g-wag You dont see a g-wag in the city unless its Weezy And that white lady but we dont know her You know what I'm sayin? Thats how we doin it dawg This ya boy right here Man I'm holdin it down for the N.O. And when you come past here you entering my home nigga I I run New Orleans east I'm a 17 nigga but I run tha East Man You know what I'm sayin So So when you get to sheps think of Weezy man Know you steppin into Weezy territory You more than welcome to come holla at me man I got whatever you need Holla at ya people man Squad up I see y'all baby its all love dawg The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Oh Boy 12" Song: Oh Boy Typed by: CaTasHtRoPhE21@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lil Wayne] +Oh Baby+, Oh weezy Yes 'sa (Weezy, Baby) You know I'm Weezy Wee the - Boy Apple and Eagle - Boy Packin' them heaters - Boy That's blocka - Oh Boy And I'm back in the streets - Boy My crack is fa' cheap - Boy I got that - Boy Boy Boy Boy I'm movin' in wit' my - Boy We doing it - Oh Boy I'm S.Quing it wit' my - Boy SQAD UP - Oh Boy You try us no (Boy) I'm the - Boy Boy I come through in that toy on them alloys boy Mami like boy, I move so quik I'm the good dick boy, so slick.. .. boys so click wit' my - Boy I'ma stick wit' my - Boy That my - Boy Boy Boy Boy Hey Maunderin' this young Wayne Mami you know the game You know ta give me brainz, til you make your boy range Go try another - Boy You gatta suck ya boy get a Mack not a man baby, +Ya Understand+ baby See me the - Boy Me and that fifi - Boy Call us them fly - Boy We high - Oh Boy I, ride fa' my - Boy An-twan you my - Boy Hey we - Boy Boy Boy Boy I'm that pistol pack - Boy I'm back - Oh Boy And this shit is a rap - Boy I told ya - Oh Boy Y'all all know the (Boy) Grove-a - Boy Boy Ya, not from the Magnolia, but the bar Soljah Y'al sippin' that Belvi - Boy Step it up - Boy Ya know whats in my cup (Boy) +Purple Stuff+ - Oh Boy And ya wanna swallow ya - Boy But tomorrow you can (Boy) halla at 'cha - Boy Boy Boy Boy Yes, its the Cash Money - Boy The Young Money - Boy Fuck it I done it (Boy) 500 - Oh Boy Aiy gimme ya bitch - Boy I show you how ta (Boy) make her  Twerk-n-Work-n-breakin' them chips boy, you fuckin' wit' a sick boy I feel it bubblin', I think I'm about ta shit boy I need a hit of that light green sticky shit - Boy Got me feelin' like - Boy Boy Boy Boy Stupid bitch I'm the - Boy The fire dont stop -Boy I'm the only Hot - Boy But I'm glad - Oh Boy But I'm mad at 'cha (Boy) that - Boy Boy  Dont make a nigga bust a Mac at 'cha when I see ya  Ya need ta listen - Boy I'm in the kitchen - Boy Cookin' and Zippin' - Boy 2 for 1 - Oh Boy Hey Juve fuck wit' ya - Boy  I won't fuck wit' ya (Boy) Fuck Ya - Boy Boy Boy Boy Got a baby girl, not a - Boy She a trip - Oh Boy I love her thats all my - Boy Sweet Nae' - Oh Boy But ya mama played ya - Boy Fuck my - Boy Boy Boy  She knows how it go, I'ont love them hoes (BIATCH) I'm keepin' it gutta' - Boy Gangstaz in my blood, Ima thug it til my hole is dug - Oh Boy Boy I'm bustin' it for my - Boy Who want it wit' the team (Boy) scream - Boy Boy Boy Boy Who sayin' Weezy Wee, not a muh'fuckin' livin' Lemme fuckin' live (Boy) I'm just muh'fuckin' pimpin' The dub still dippin' (Boy) an I'm still smokin' An as long as they still sniffin', I'm gifted Aiy Aiy I'm not a lil' - Boy Look at my fuckin' wheels, Check the size of my shoes I'm ridin' on my heels boy This shit is real - Boy Fee (Boy) ya gatta feel ya - Boy Boy Boy Boy Where my New Orleans East - Boy Not the cops - Oh Boy I mean a nice car - Boy Thats them drops - Oh Boy Them rat-a-tang-a-ring (Boy) bang - Boy Boy  Yea, I put it in a bullet go right inside of your hoody Ya lookin' at the boy, ya hatin' on the boy, ya waitin' on the boy July 2nd cocksucka, the Eagle block all the money man, SQAD Up-a I'm the - Boy Boy Boy Boy  Weezy bitch, yuh yuh, weezy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Juelz Santana Album: Oh Yea 12" Song: Oh Yea Typed by: grayrim1@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lil Wayne] Young mula cash money mafia, (yea!) weed and syrup [Lil Wayne] It's weezy baby, (who?) Strapped like the navy, (what) Ridin' wit a half a brick strapped to her baby, (ok) I be getting money, run a lap if you lazy, (yea) Grand daddy purp got me trapped like mazes, (oww!) Bunch of diamond chains lookin' like a bunch of lasers (yea) Understand I'm sharper than a fuckin' hellraiser, (raiser) Bad yellow bitch on my sidekick pager You know it's goin' down like down goes Frazier, ya dig? (A!) Yes, and I be wit mid west chubby But I'm from the dirty, keep it dirty like I'm playin' rugby, (ha) Bitch ride me like a old school huffy, (what?) Let me see you work your mouth like a fuckin' guppie, (go head) My leather softer than brand new pair of hush puppies My top will leave if I decide to hit the punch button, (hit it) It's young weezy, how could I ever quit stuntin'? Get mad, I'ma get money [Chorus 2x] You getting' money? oh yea You got them hundreds? oh yea You roll around witcha pockets all chubby? oh yea You stay fly? oh yea You that guy? oh yea You that dude we can call for them pies? oh yea [Juelz Santana] A! Dipset Skull gang Haha [Juelz Santana] Juelz baby They see me and start cheerin Rockstar like Santana Van Halen, yea Burn em wit the nina Hot head, nickname fever Ya bitch, I Turner/Turn her like Tina, haha Booty in the air, then I bump her like speakers Then I get right back to puffin' my reefer, (A!) Yes, yes I'm coke supplyin' Best pitcher on the mound since Nolan Ryan, (ha) I got that cheap blow Heavyweight, I sell snow by the ski slope... come and get some And the cars got engines like speed boats Throw dough away like tickets to a free show, (uh) You outside getting' re-poed, (whoa) I'm bein' watched under the law, I'm rico (A!) And all the chicks come to me for wood like Home Depot I shine, you just a little star, you twinkle, (twinkle) We make it rain for real, ya'll just sprinkle We shut down ya hydrant, aight then (A!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Outstanding 12" Song: Outstanding Typed by: jaja2002uk@yahoo.co.uk Mr. D. Carter From out the deep water Thank the lord for my voice The beat, and the recorder Now pick an alphabet And your a z and While I'm up tryin to be the best mc and Now let me in I got my key in And with them alphabets I never used p-e-n But I gotta lotta paper But a lot aint enough So I got an occupatioin Gotta bring the baking Straight to the kitchen table Homie if ya girl pregnant You should kiss her naval Cuz you probably wont live To see the motherfuckin cradle Ya past left a scar And ya future's lookin fatal Ya can't be sorry Ya gotta be a savior Gotta be the bread winner So go rob the bread maker When they put ya homey to sleep It's gotta be a wake up Ya move in the hood Then ya gotta meet the neighbors Bitch get off me Bitch get off me I'm the little ass nigga Known as big homey The killas is ballin The niggas is targets The snitches is talkin But this is New Orleans I love what I got I'm just livin the moment I aint dyin just yet I take a shit in the coffin I already know how to piss in the toilet I'm tryin to get the pot To piss in in the mornin' I never fall back I'd rather go forward And when I come through Ya betta duck like howard Because I got power Just like a forward I come through the lane And straight dunk like Staudi- Mire, Amare reminds me of I-uh He's a Pheonix sun and I am fire Dis-re-spect and I spit fire Til ya neck end up like Hey Now would ya light that blunt Promethazine please Now bitch look at me Like a set of t.v.'s I'm just tryin to live out my destiny Please, let me do me I got the recipe, feed I'm all about my bread Like a seseme seed Big dog talkin, check my pedigree flees (HaHa) And I ball like every team And I got every girl havin sex with me dream My heart is in the dirty But the rest of me clean I jump for Hollygrove Like a trampoline fiend And I rock ya bells Like a tambourine bean Jewelry shinin' like flush Maybaline bling Red Giants jersey if ya know wut I mean Gimme Plaxico Burress, number seventeen One circle, three fingers is the theme And young money mother fucka is the team The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile, Lil Wayne, Big Tymers Album: Original Kings of Comedy (Soundtrack) Song: What's Up Wit Dat Typed by: IcebergRep757@cs.com [Juvenile] Put a limit to tha bullshit and give me some space Nigga recognize tha G in me when I'm tha place I'll get mad and deliberately spit in yo face  I ain't no pretty boy nigga I'm a felony case My daddy was slangin iron back in '78  Is you listenin to it nigga I'm I settin you straight  Tha next one of you niggas that come at me sideways We'll be entertained wit 4 or 5 K's Probably might get killed in 4 or 5 ways  Probably won't be found fo bout 4 or 5 days Lil Wheezy in tha pen fo bout 4 or 5 days Look he ain't in tha hood fo bout 4 or 5 days Better not tell me shit when I'm upset Cause I'll catch a flashback and all of y'all would get wet Around tha way they call me Slap and Pop Cause I'll slap a clip up in mac and let it pop [Baby] Look nigga if you pull that bitch, you betta shoot that bitch Reppin fo them hoes that get their wigs split quick If you abusin that shit, you probably shootin that shit  I'm Mr. Bling Bling nigga fuck that shit You could find me in my Rover gettin head from a bitch  You could catch me on tha block breakin bread wit tha click  You could find me in tha lot buyin a matchin six Lorenzo kit wit buttons on that bitch I hit a pawn shop and buy a gat for tha click Nigga ask tha Ruff Ryders if you real wit it slick  I took them to tha mansion that's paid out slick  Wit them Hummers, Bentleys and Jags and this bitch I'm tha numba one wodie I don't talk no shit Look at all this ice and how I'm poppin this shit Nigga grease me up or I'll stick you up Nigga put yo hands up befo I fuck you up [Lil Wayne] (Hook Repeat 2x) Now What's up wit dat Cause you know us don't play We bust tha gat It got ice all over wit dubs to match You catch us on yo block late dressed up in black Now What's Up wit dat [Mannie Fresh] It's like ruff, rugged, raw  Fuckin on tha interstate in a brand new car Fo my niggas I'm ruff, rugged, wild Strawberry kool-aid mixed wit Cristal W-W-W dot fresh dot com  You deal wit me Lil Daddy I guarantee  That am......gone put yo ass on front of a white T XXL choker neck playboy or V [Lil Wayne] Now I be creepin through tha back wit tha chrome plate in Simmy auto, Tec let's get on baby Now have they seen me in a seat Mer-cedes  Wit yo wife in a car wit yo babies  I'm a hot fire boy and I'm gonna let em burn Straight from tha 17th point of no return  And I scerm thru traffic in a Porsche on factories  Hennessy in back of me Now I'm feelin accurate  Ice blingin hard suddently the light captured it Don't try me or yo moms die from a freak accident OH NO! could it stop but I got this big ol' 4-4 (gun sound) pop  And I'm gonna chopped this whole ki into a lotta lumps Next time you see me I'll have money like Donald Trump I'm off tha heezy it could be nite, day i'm still creepin In a light grey Lamborghini it's Lil Wheezy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Lloyd Album: Pretty Brown 12" Song: Pretty Brown Typed by: numeros_uno1@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Uh, Slick-dickie on my one and two So sweet what I did with a Honey-Doo No pun intended, no one offended You just bet' not leave yo' girlfriend unattended I holla at her, holla but don't scream I ask her "Why sleep if we don't dream? So let's stay awake, besides, dreams are fake" She say "Ooh you deep?" I ask "How deep can you take?" Hehe, my loveboat in ya lake Baby can I stick my lovenote in ya gate Hehe, read and weep Sincerely fuckin' yours, Weezy F B [Chorus - Lloyd] It's that pretty down round, drvin' me wild Cause baby I'm lovin' your style, and the way that you do The things that you do, when you do what your doing We can do it, anyway you like if you know what I mean Thinking you might wanna play on my team The way that you do, the things that you do when you do what your doing We can do it, so keep going girl, keep going girl Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, don't stop Cause I'm on it girl, and I wanna take you To the top, the top, the top, the top Straight to the top, to the top... [Verse 2] I prefer that you would just call me Weezy, Eastside gangsta And, I be runnin' this shit like the Flanker Blackcard Banker, hanker in the backpocket And I wear them skinny jeans, so you see my fat wallet That's right I'm a big shot, call me " Little Cannon Ball Mr. "Get up in your girl mouth", like some Ambersol Hip-hop president, ain't my girl elequant Don't she got more junk in her trunk then an elephant Nigga I'm an animal, watch me, I examine you And my chucks are old, but I swear to you my flanel new I get money manual, then I just man you Bitch ass nigga, I'm gone like my Lam' roof, Young Money! [Chorus - Lloyd] It's that pretty down round, drvin' me wild Cause baby I'm lovin' your style, and the way that you do The things that you do, when you do what your doing We can do it, anyway you like if you know what I mean Thinking you might wanna play on my team The way that you do, the things that you do when you do what your doing We can do it, so keep going girl, keep going girl Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, don't stop Cause I'm on it girl, and I wanna take you To the top, the top, the top, the top Straight to the top, to the top... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Pussy, Money, Weed 12" Song: Pussy, Money, Weed Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com "Love her like..." "Oh, oh yes I love her like..." "Oh, oh yes I love her like..." "Oh, oh yes I love her like..." "Oh, oh yes I love her like..." [Lil Wayne] Oh yes I love her like Egyptian Want a description? Her body's sickening I can be her prescription, I can be her physician Sexual healing, I can be her religion And now she's kneeling, praying to the ceiling I bless her as if she sneezed, must be the weather I dress her, I am her sleeves, I am her feathers She's fly, flyer than you, flyer than me I love her, she loves me too, I love her three - Times, more than her mom, time will tell that I'm the nigga That she should, we should, be wherever she wanna Be on a late night, mid day, AM Just say when, and I know I be with cavemen But never - mind them She's poison and I am Michael Bivins See I know that y'all don't hear me - but she does, we does What grown folk do when they had too much to drink and I think We done had to much too drink and... [Hook - X4] "Oh yes I love her like..." Pussy, Money, Weed {*X3*} [Lil Wayne] Oh yes I love her like I ought to I see you at the alter Mrs. Carter I see you with my daughter, or son - more than one Maybe five like the Jacksons, or John Paxson Just don't let 'em fuck up the mansion, and daddy will be home Later on, smelling like the cologne that I put on This morn, and I hope that you smell like woman soap And shampoo, and lotion, and perfume, and candles And I'ma run through that pussy like a vandal, yes I'm nasty as a Scorpio but I'm a lucky Libra Got her wet like she's sweating out a fever, wow Leave her, to me and she'll be smiling every single time You see her - from e-ar to e-ar I wanna be beside her when she sleep and she lay Or we can stay awake and watch the next day Clothes are overrated, panties are debated Einstein - her head is the greatest [Hook - X4] Oh yes I love her like her dad told her no man would ever love her Oh and I better be the only man sticking it Licking it like an envelope, mailing it, sealing it Read it, I have written down Victoria's secret Don't tell nobody, don't share your body with nobody Not even a finger, I will cut it off and let him keep it Now that's for Weezy, baby and at my station We have sex orientation When I hit it, she squint like them orient Asians I do me, I say hey miss Chung Lee I like to see your booty Roll like sushi, I'm trynna dip my celery up in her blue cheese Ah's, ooh wee's, wa la's, tah da's Mhm's, uh huh's, oh yeah's, never oh no's Until I have to go, and then its - never oh no I tell her don't cry, I be back like the electric bill And when she butt naked she dress to kill [Hook - X4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Big Tymers, Hot Boys Album: Realest Niggaz Down South (Compilation) Song: U Don't Wanna Typed by: Ltsjet@aol.com [Baby] What's up Playboy? You know how we do this, Hot Boy$ and Big Tymers Two rolex on our wrist, And every car we ride in got TV's I know you love this here First Verse [Juvenile]: You can call me the Baby Don of the 'jects You can call me what you what, but you call me collect, You can call me the muthafucka cuz that's just what I am When you call for the policeman, call for the ambulance, Lildaddy we got'cha swooped, ha? You got that iron but you too paranoid to shoot, ha? You think you cute, ha? Stuntin' Lildaddy will get'cha broke off Automatic weapon up to your throat fall Your witness won't survive to make it to court Dogg Envision I'm still alive I play the sport y'all You can't run the block without me interferin' You can't open shop without my niggas hearin' All the time, it be on my mind, U.T.P. I represent until the day I resign, Put my three fingers up and show my Solja sign Let these muthafuckas know they clique ain't older than mine Chorus [Lil' Wayne] Nigga it's that U.P.T., where we be all the time You find big bodies and dead bodies all the time Nigga I SWEAR, you don't wanna go there And out THERE, and watch how fast yo chest tear It's that U.P.T., where we be all the time You find big bodies and dead bodies all the time And nigga I SWEAR, you don't wanna go there Nigga, out THERE, and watch how fast yo chest tear Second Verse [Lil' Wayne]: The second man tore up,  I grabbed the gun and got to bust prolly saw badder stuff, But you ain't never saw what a man do when I splatter guts, And you ever seen that many niggas in blacker trucks Nigga just run stop act and duck, Like in my K mane, it spray anyday mane, I make way mane, that solja can't play Wayne, Them say pimpin' ain't easy, but it gotta be done, But headbustin' ain't cool, but they gotta be bust, But wait, please don't debate, on what we would do Cuz I don't even be wantin' to do what we would do But, I swear it be them trees dogg,  It make me ride in all black clothes with solja rees dogg, Please dogg, don't come test CMB dogg, Cuz we all, burn ya block and will just flee all, I'm tellin' you Don't spark up no problems 'fore your people be smellin' you We strapped up with choppers and vehicles on twenty-twos Chorus Third Verse [Turk]: Uptown we burnin' thangs, Get in a corner four deep with choppers we lettin' em rang, Dippin' niggas like tokens no jokin' brains gone hang, Gotta get it how they live, how they live better get it Shit you kill or get killed, It's an army Uptown, niggas bout bustin' heads, You can't be no hoe, if you scared, say you scared An untamed gorilla I ride anyday,  Let a nigga spook me, he spray, then I'ma spray I'm a violent type nigga, creep at night nigga Fuck with me, a nigga lose his life type nigga Fuckin' right nigga that's how we do it Uptown Nigga'll dump your body where it can't be found Still playin' it raw, shit never gone change Nigga outta place, knockin' out the bitch brains Think it's a game? Nigga get'cha mind right now Same thing make you smile, could turn into a frown Chorus Fourth Verse [Big Tymers] [Baby] Nigga I got love for the South,  But I'm an Uptown nigga with some golds in my mouth With my twelve gauge automatic knock a lil' nigga down So won't you bring me to your house round? And I don't want no yay I want your rolex and the money and a new lac, So I could put your bitch, in my passenger sac, Label me a gold grill brown-skin Mac, And I'm hard up, rollin' with gorillas and killas, Tattooed and we hard up dope dealin', And if I catch ya down bad I'ma rearrange ya head nigga Cuz I'm a Big Tymer just won't stop, I took my helicopter to Texas, so my family could shop Cuz I'ma ball til' I fall that's my motto nigga, Shop til' I drop that's my thang nigga And I'ma drank til' my muthafuckin' heart stop, Kill or be killed nigga pop or get popped nigga [Manny Fresh] Black Ruger PLUCKA Dirty muthaFUCKA It's been twenty-four hours since the last time I STUCK A Sixteen round burst, BLUCKA BLUCKA Dead up in a shiesty nigga go-go, You bitches better call a po-po, It's a filthy ass, funky ass, bout to act a donkey ass caller nigga that don't Know no fear, worry, or panic Tonight it's goin' down like the Titanic, understand it? Now why would you come empty handed to a gun fight? It's a slight chance that your ass just might, make it,  to hear the record come out What's wrong you can't talk with a barrel up in your muthafuckin' mouth? See niggas don't fight no more, all they do is burst I'm the Doctor, who gonna play the patient and get they shots first? Chorus [Lil' Wayne] Madness nigga, madness nigga Madness in the Nolia and the Lio and the ramp man, it's in the 17th man It's in my camp Madness in the Nolia and the Lio and the ramp man, it's in the 17th man It's in my camp, Uptown nigga what? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Big Tymers, Tha Capos, Mack 10 Album: Shine 12" Song: Shine (Extended Remix) Typed by: IcebergRep757@cs.com [Mannie Fresh] Wuuuun (Whaa-Whaa-Whaa-Whaa) Check me out (Come on) Cash Money Millionaires Check me out [Lil Wayne] Baby named me Fire Wayne, wit lots of change You can catch me in an aqua range, squattin things With them twenty-two inch chopper blades Diamond face wit tha diamond brace Aye, more colors than the game Simon Says Go lights out And mami on forty-fifth she said she "Diked Out" And she ain't like too much of stick, but got tha right mouth  So I took it anyway But aye I'm a playa, don't need ya (ughh) anyway OK, let's talk about this ice that I'm carryin All these karats like I'm some kinda vegetarian If they play, I bury them, y'all already knowin I threw up my arm and really thought it started snowin See I'm a keep it goin, Big Tymin, you heard's me? Aye I got cake like everyday my birthday Wait, I don't think they heard me I say dog I got cake like everyday my birthday [Hook: Mannie Fresh] (Shine) - From my head down to my shoes (Shine) - Skiiiiirtin on twenty-two's (Shine) - Check my baby mamma (Shine) - Whip Rovers, not Hondas (Shine) - I'ma spend it 'til it's gone (Shine) - Don't know when I'm comin home (Shine) - Doin X and drank Cris' (Shine) - My life is tha shhh... [Mack 10] I rock em all, brown rocks to baguettes I bang and ball, like blood and crypt sets On Lear Jets, I'm done and dirty and so flossy on tha scene I'm ridin on dub dueces wit TV screens And my garge is full of rag tops and candy paints (Baby: Tha new Bently out?) If I don't got it, it ain't Cause my grind is to shine, I'm as real as they come And In case you didn't know, I'm tha man where I'm from Ask em who rock ice on tha west (Baby: They say Mac) Ask em who gotta scared wearin vests (Baby: They say Mac) Ask em who got like thirty cars (Baby: They say Mac) Ask em who got strip, scars, and bars (Baby: They say Mac) Man I'ma whole lot richer since tha for life scence Went countin myself, to a money machine I'ma get till I can't, wit tha U.P.T. It's chicken hawk, Whoo-Bangin out tha Dub-S-C [Hook] (Mikkey) Now introducin Mikkey, you could find me crusin tha city Black X-5, wit four dymes wit me, Y'all feel me Down wit CMR, so you know my cash is long Brains, I ain't even gotta ask it's on Come on, tha ice is blue, the remey is red Haters turn green, queens wanna give me some head Still I'm quick to pop two in tha feds Ya know I been hungry my whole life, so I'm due for some bread Go head, name another click that could rap above us A bunch of millionaires walkin wit our gats in public Cats love it, boosie broads deny it They step to tha store to buy it, go home and bump it in private And you know me, I'm low key Nothin special, just a pinky ring, a Roley, a lil ice on tha bezel And when I drive by, I can't help doin tha drive-by Cause my rims be killin haters, every time I ride by [Hook] [Christina] Look, I got shoes, boots, coops wit missin roofs Chris stackin, even when I'm in tha booth Got charms and charms, you can call me tha bomb And you can call me Deep Blow, cause tha smoke under my arm Got Royces on vogues, countin banks rolls Even y'all hoes is sendin me roses I'm nasty and iced up, call me Nicisty On a bike or in a truck, yeah what you like me Shoes, bags call me Parda Haters never mess wit me, don't call me nuda (Ha-Ha) I sip dun, call me Lady Don Rock leather on my Harley, call me tha Bomb Brought a new Coup, painted it baby blue Got it new shoes sittin on twenty-two's (Mannie Fresh) Wuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun (wha-wha) Ya Heardz, sittin on twenty-two's [Hook] [Baby] I'ma stunna, a band new colorful hummer A Benz, I could ride everyday of tha summer Brought a Jag for my baby girl, surrounded right Wit nothin but ice, new whip wit Barda pipes I could shine when I wanna, buy a ride when I wanna Cook a brick, cut it up and sell dime if I wanna Just scored a PT and I streched it quick Big rims, six tires, candy paintin it slick Put tha ice on tha shelf until you match my wrist Golf ball earrings, thirty karats a lick Got Brian in a mink, got Pearl in a mink Carivan Excersen, twenty inches look deep Catch me on tha lake wit a flock of freaks Me and Mannie tearin it down, cause we love tha streets Gotta barbecue poppin, bouta cook up tha meat Fa sho baby girl laced wit ice and mink [Hook] [Stone] I hold it down like and what Brown and Tan stunnas Platinum matchin wrists like I broke some handcuffs Drivin a CL-6 Ridin wit Bear's clique Tha block done got hot, I'm slingin them raw bricks We givin them haters trouble They I was seachin rubber Lil wodie steady bouncin in a brand new Bubble Cop rocks like small mountains Hit blocks wit four ounces You know you can't stop our watery, we got out own fountain [Lac] You can catch me in tha Di-ablo, on chrome wit tha top missin Tha ring, tha piece, tha chain, and tha watch glistenin All in a drop Bentley on twenty-two inches Wit no note, and I sure ain't rent this Here come Lac and he stuntin, stuntin  Ridin up tha lake on Super Sunday When I come through I'm tryna jump in somethin Sound at fifty, and I'm bumpin, bumpin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Baby Album: Shine for Life 12" Song: Shine for Life Typed by: e_aponte@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lil Wayne] Catch me I'm stumbling but no I'm never slipping I come up out that water with nothing dripping, who fucking with him I'm the guy they call the Carter the slaughter house I go hard don't try cause I ride like the Marlins Come buy I supply you with quarters And bricks if your money that thick I ain't running I'm running this bitch, sun on my wrist I rock that, That rose ? parkay with the crock strap (Damn) I stroll every single day with the glock strap (Blam) I'm spittin like Pac back (Wham) I got that Bentley GT same color as rock crack Interior stock black, but don't get popped at I watched half my neighborhood get kept back The other half sleeping where its best at Minor set backs, this is grown man talk minor get back I just had to stress that, talk to 'em B [Chorus: Baby] You better know about the game of life Cause When you hustle you can shine for life You better know it could happen tonight When your hood rich living the life You got the money that could change the frame And have a bitch just loving your game You Got a Benz and a brand new Range With 26's all over them thangs [Lil Wayne] Hey, I made a few adjustments, but for better justice I get that cheddar fuck em.. maybe motherfuck 'em I'm handing nothing to 'em but a plate of murder It ain't beef if you can't make a burger... Nigga I'm on the streets you on the curb Aint no talking to police 'cause we don't speak the same word Who that, Tryna take the Carter for a new jack I'll pistol whip you on your block 'til your blue black (laugh)... Till your blue black (listen) Alot of niggas like to touch other cities But my city like to touch other niggas (yea) You come down for the Essence and the Mardi Gras But I got here thats where your partys are Dont shine too hard, watch behind you god That chain looking like a sign that say "follow me home" I'm a desperado from the Hollygrove side Where alot of folks ride, and a lot of folks died [Lil Wayne] I'm on the corner with my work in the mailbox One foot out the grave one foot in the jailhouse I done put my foot in the flow To fast feet my cash, get my feet out your ass (yea) I told momma im gone; I'll be back with money I came back with the throne; she very proud of me I tell her pray for me; cause everyday for me Is a struggle to make of it They got my nigga Big Blake in the state oven But he gonna eat a nigga plate when he escape from it Please label me real 'cause I ain't make it here faking Neither was it vacant; take a nigga bacon (shit) Break bread or we break heads Put the pump to your stomach turn your face red Pump a nigga dome now he a bass head Hit him one more time like stay dead [Chorus} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Lil Wayne Album: Shot to the Heart 12 Song: Shot to the Heart Typed by: stillswish@yahoo.com  [Hook] I've been woundin, I've been waitin for you Am pretendin, and that's all I can do (it's all I can do mama) The love am sendin ain't makin it through to your heart (I hope you hear me)  [Lil Wayne] Pain, since I've lost you I'm lost too Nigga feelin like he at the bottom like a horse shoe Sorry for the trouble that I put you and your heart through God knows that I'll do anythin for a part two, art too Be friends with her, then you come back to me sayin that you forgive me Gimme another chance I'm needin it like a kidney I don't wanna advance, give me back her hands Give me back her touch, I don't ask for much But I fucked, I know I fucked up I admit I fucked up, but everybody fuck up Now this another nigga locked up Tell him me and my click don't give a fuck Cause I be from New Orleans, she was from Georgia She was my down chick, I was her soldier I was her gansta, she was my shoulder You were the pistol to my holster, BANG  [Hook] You've been brave, never lettin it show Always tryin to keep it under control (I see you hidin it mama) You got it now, and weather your way to the top (you doin your thang) But there's somethin that you forgot  [Lil Wayne] You forgot about the house, you forgot about the ring I remember everythin, I just wanna hear you sing I remember the love right after the fight You can't tell me you don't remember those nights And if I would cry, then you would cry twice To me you are the brightest star and the sunlight See take away my title, take away my stripes You give back my girl then you give me back my life Give back my girl then you give me back my life See this is just a nightmare so I blink twice Open up my eyes hopin she be in my sight I remember the time I wish I could bring it back What she mean to me is what I mean to rap  [Hook] You've been brave, never lettin it show Always tryin to keep it under control  You got it now, and weather your way to the top  [Lil Wayne talking over Hook] You know, I see you hidin it mama But I know you know I know you do But I wish you and yours nothin but happiness shorty  [Lil Wayne] But I hope you haven't forgot about me up in the livin room watchin Sportscenter You were cookin dinner, I was such a sinner But the Lord is a forgiver, you know they say if you pray then you can get your blessings harder than delivered And your boyfriend is not like me Ma you even went and got a tan drop like me I remember we was in that home all day You called me Butter I called you Bay My mama asked about ya, my partners did too I know your daughter will be so amazin like you And I know you probably wish you never met me And I just wish you never forget me And let me say please don't worry about the women I've been with No engagement can amount to your friendship And I hope that nigga know he got a queen And all I can do is dream, DAMN  [Hook] I've been woundin, I've been waitin for you Am pretendin, and that's all I can do  The love am sendin ain't makin it through to your heart The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Cory Gunz Album: The Carter 3 Song: A Millie Typed by: kurupt_dawg@hotmail.com [Background: A Millie...a millie...a millie...] [Intro: Lil Wayne] Young money PD, yeah, macka gon' her [Lil Wayne] I'm a Millionaire I'm a Young Money Millie in aire, tougher than Nigerian hair My criteria compared to your career just isn't fair I'm a venereal disease like a menstrual bleed Threw the pencil and leak the sheet of the tablet in my mind Cause I don't write shit cuz I ain't got time Cause my seconds, minutes, hours go to the all mighty dollar And the all mighty power of that chit cha cha chopper Sister, Brother, Son, Daughter, Father motha fuck a copper Got the maserati dancin on the bridge pussy poppin Tell the coppers...hahahaha you can't catch 'em, you can't stop 'em I go by them goon rules if you can't beat 'em then you pop 'em You can't man 'em then you pop 'em You can't man 'em then you mop 'em You can't stand 'em then you drop 'em You drop 'em cuz we pop 'em like Orville Redenbacher Yeah motherfucker ha [Cory Gunz] I'm Millie in here with them Young Money millionaires Think you really pop a wheelie in air Mac Millie..the Vanillie's in here.. I'm a rascal don't get whopped I get brats who don't give top I get tassel, pass you with a flow you could never put a brake on And I break on anything a nigger take on Feel the napalm from my trey arm, straight long, throw a nigger like I'm Akon Cause I make cons where the base gone, get the base blown Let the Pistons on that chopper come on cops I'm kamikaze drop a rock with them Obamas Illie in the mind, really with the nine, millie when I rhyme, silly anytime Fine, chilly gitty on the grind, Shitty on a dime, Penny on the line Plentys in me, any guinea's with 'em bigger than a mini and remind I'm Illie and its all off G piece and a PG walk by beep beep With a freak, skeet, Hawk Out, big feet on a jeep.. She caught by Weezy F, we be the best Truely to death prove me the rest Groupies confess, you be the ref, excuse me I left..Ha [these lyrics unconfirmed in album version but present in mixtape version] young money C3 nay nay, daddys better ok [Lil Wayne] A millionaire I'm a young money millionaire What chyall really want it now Y'all don't really wanna do it If hip hop is dead I am the embalming fluid And I don't care who it be, I'm steppin to it Notice I say it cause to me, it ain't shit Get it. Call me whacha like trick? Call me on my sidekick Never answer when it's private Man I hate a shy chick Don't you hate a shy chick I had a plate of shy chick and she ain't shy no mo' She changed her name to my chick Hahaha, yeah boy that's my girl And she pops excellent up in Wayne's world Totally dude you should See their faces when they see that This robot can move And its like... Hahaha, yea And it go... Thats right [Lil Wayne] + [Cory Gunz] I'm a millionaire I'm a Young money cash money fast money Slow money mo' money neva low money What is that, who is that, I never heard of it I will take your picture and make a rest in peace' shirt of it Tell those niggers beating to make a rest in peace shirt of me cuz I killed and now don't tell no one you heard of me It's like, the beat was screamin, murder me And I'm a, murderer So I murdered it And you niggers is what I eating I'll make sure of it And he who don't believe me I'll make dessert of him Sherbet him, I mean Shame on him, or her Carter, Father of This rap thang, this is my race Gon' take a lap man weezy baby's nursery Now gon' take a nap man, it's nap time I'll holla back at you at snack time Weezy... F.... yea, ok They say I'm rappin like Big, Jay, and Tupac Andre 3 Thousand where is Erykah Badu at Who that who that said they gon' beat Lil Wayne My name ain't bic, but I keep that flame Who that one that do that boy Y'all knew dat True that swallow And I be the shhhh Now you got loose bowels I don't owe you like two vowels But I'd like for you to pay me by the hour Hahaha And I'd rather be pushing flowers Than to be in the penn sharing showers See Tony told us this world was ours And the Bible told us every girl was sour Don't play in the garden and don't smell her flower Call me Mr.Carter or Mr.Lawn Mower Boy I got so many girls like I'm Michael Lowry Even Gwen Stefani said she couldn't doubt me Man, life, just ain't life, without me Hip hop just ain't hip hop, without me Young moola baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Young Money (Jae Millz, Mack Maine) Album: Thank You 12" Song: Thank You Typed by: thaloccdogg@aol.com Thank you. We would like to thank you This must be what it feel like Hustlers and Hustlerettes Gangsters and Gangstresses [Jae Millz] Yo, black and grey pin stripe suit Marc Jacob hard bottoms I'm fly spreadin my wings like true And my date yeah she beautiful too She went easy on the make-up but the bitch still cute We ease out the rows and proceed forward Ain't her so i'm passin twice Feelin like a graduation with all of these flashing lights You fucking right a lot of ?? clique gonna splash tonight You damn right a lot of wifes gonna be smashed tonight Red carpets, cameras, I say Millz yikes Shit this must be what victory feel like Got you niggas stuck like still lifes Weezy told me kid we bout to know what making history feel like Young Money got 'em bout to earl like Garnett I throw my hands in the air and scream top of the world The champs has arrived Thanks for the applause You are far too kind Now pass us our award [Mack Maine] Pass me that H20 I'm in a H2 Passing on my old bitches They hollerin' out I hate you New bitches that I don't know like Mack I wanna date you Walt Disney on Ice every time I skate through I got that blue flame flow, it's inferno Clamidia type of words they will burn you Your flesh is what I burn through I'm +sonning+ you niggas, I'm paternal I ain't going nowhere like Joe Paterno I'm still calling shots from the press box I make you niggas cough up a lung like S. Dot Put hot sauce on my bullets now your flesh hot Glove over my shooting hand when I feel the TEC's hot You niggas on the bench, y'all gets no P.T. Becuase you can't ball hard like B.D. You niggas wanna be me When you're at home you listen to my CD And roll your eyes every time you see me I used to fuck with B.G. I got a White House that ain't in D.C. Try Atlanta nigga Me and my brother Tomb be riding round in Phantom's nigga And Maybachs with wheels that cost a fortune like Pat Sajak And we still got that Vanna White We done made from Hollygrove to this, nigga this a fabulous life Honey comb hide out, Young Money beehive Let me move to the side, here comes the Best Rapper Alive [Lil Wayne] And I will not lose I got them bitches lookin' at the bottom of my shoes Call me First Place Carter I live in the lead I'ma die with the title And winning is vital Women is after, we get that money right now My paper chase me, it's on my heels like some white socks I'ma just go 'cause I don't really like stop Pull this bitch out and shoot you once in the right spot Y'all niggas phony, the top is so lonely I had to tell the devil you gonna have to postpone me Right now I'm in a race, in a race against time 'Cause everybody else is like a race against mom But momma kinda fast though Momma told me smash though So I'm about to smash your motherfucking ass hoe Motherfucking asshole Yes I know this But when you get the cash out the asshole You gotta be on some shit Future billionaire, yeah I gotta be on the list Got a runway in my pants 'cause all the models be on my dick Young Money, Young Money Swallow that shit bitch Santa Clause killer with a holday shit list You could check my imprint Two new TEC's and a M-10 Every bullet in him He swell up like a blimp and I get money hoe, what the hell I look like pimpin? Bitch I'm winning Ya dig? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne Album: Undisputed Soundtrack Song: Real Talk Typed by: flossyicedhotboy2002@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist (Lil Wayne Talking) I never felt better, Never have, Never will, (Holla) I mean all I see is money, I got a C-Note between my eyes, (Its Real) Please feel me, Sqad Up nigga, (For Real) I'ma dig deep folk, Dig deep dogg, (Its Real) Now listen, Now what you is? (Verse 1) I am what you call a survivor, like trouble with drama But I recover with power, and love it with honor Discovered as a son of a problem Remember smugglin powder throught the doors of my high school To force up they nostril, 'til it got full But now they pop for a pill Lil one here's what's up, Drugs could kill But drugs could heal If ya, ahh, ill for that good feel And it feels good when them fields pull We wheels quarters through the real raw parts of the streets My hearts in the streets, So watch what ya step When ya run from the gunfire of Glocks and Tech's Specials and Pumps, Vests is for chumps Eat ya chests for lunch, munch Young country dude, hunt ya down with tools Repsect my presence, I step with weapons You fall in seconds Its all in the code of the streets, we go by it and stop from it Real nigga talk, No frontin Heh (Chorus) Do you understand the words that are comin out of my mouth? If ya dont its because I'm speakin real nigga Real nigga, This here is real nigga talk Real nigga talk dogg, I hope you feel me Let me talk to you dogg, You gotta feel me I hope you feel me, You gotta feel me Listen (Verse 2) Chrome's hidden inside of my tires You should see the size of my tires Ridin' on Mark McGwires, I spark the fire Got me higher than a late flight From L.A. to New York twice in the same night Got some shit in my bag to make ya vein white, Cocaine pipe Watch homie's brains get rain whipped Thats the type of sight to make Wayne right They sayin life is short but money is long, And money is life So for now I'm runnin the lights, in the 600 with pipes Hop out, Collar Polo, and under the stripes is something that bites We will be thuggin for life And can't nothin pursuede or change us We gangstas, we live it, I'm in the post without a Pippen But fuck it, I'm just shootin when I can't move Who'da knew I can't lose And truthfully through the loot that's Young Money Entertainment You get it arranged then holla at me (Chorus w/ minor variations) (Verse 3) I burn in the winter, stand up in the fall Stand up in the stands, and stand up for my dogs Them asses I will spall, the plan is too ball But the stuff I got in my pants cuff is enough to make'em put my hands on the wall Work, push on the strip, I'm pushin the whip Fat back pockets, my cushion if I'm lookin to slip I'm hookin ya lip, If ya play hookie with my chips Put that ass kitchen, bitch, when ya cookin that shit Dodge hoes, jukin and shit Cause I can see beautiful women, but I'm not lookin for shit I'm from the hood where you tooken for shit So you gotta take the shit, and make ya shit I had to bring home the bacon bits Cause Pop's was fakin, and he left a nigga bakin shit Now my heart ache and itch, from all the flagrant shit I gotta take in, and thug out Real nigga talk, bitch (Chorus w/ minor variations) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Pharrell Album: Yes 12" Song: Yes Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Pharrell] You can catch me ridin down on the fuckin Verrazano Ass out just like Diallo Diablo Hi Ho Silver call that motherfucker Tonto Leave a smoke trail back in Jersey in my condo You can run up like youre Ra-mbo butchu better hit me nigga if you know what I know 'cause I got some +Supersize+ guys thatll hit you with a +combo+ - pronto You wont see the +Mourning+ like Alonzo [Lil Wayne] Camo shorts, no socks with the red BAPE's walk in to my closet, fuck around and get a headache Fuck you so good, shawty you gon' need a bed break Red Viper slither through the street like a red snake Red diamonds in my chain, lookin like a red snake Fuck-a wit me wrong man, you gon need some yellow tape All dem awards, Wayne do you need a metal case? ("Yes!" "Yes!" "Yes!" "Yes!" "Yes!" Artist: 2 Chainz f/ Lil Wayne Album: Based on a T.R.U. Story Song: Yuck! Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yuck daddy! Yuck! Yuck daddy! Yuck! [2 Chainz] Uh, cut the top off, call it Amber Rose Just bought a big body, time to paint the toes Known to act a donkey on the cameltoe Then take the cameltoe and turn it into casserole 2 Chainz talkin on the flake's phone Poof! Just like that the whole check gone Former posterpedic I was slept on So many chains on it look like my neck gone My girl came through and brought an extra body Now that's an after party for the after party Two-gun game, all black ferrari His and her Armani, put it in a tonic And yeah, the bread good if the head good Before benihana's it was canned goods Before canned goods it was similac I'm from where they send sharks then we send 'em back A half a million dollars worth of crack money Wrap your parents up, now you got a black mommy Yeah I did it, true to my religion Two guns on me, fuck with extensions If you on the pole, play your position I got enough dough to pay your tuition Corduroy trues, with the skull cap I just woke up, tell me where the drugs at And after the drugs, where the guns at And after the guns, where the love at And if it ain't no love, I'm like fuck that Nigga I'm so dope, you could catch a fuckin contact [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Good weed, bad bitch Got these hoes on my dick like Brad Pitt Woah, I seen it all before The bitch got a man, but she schemin on the low How it go? It go, fuck them other niggaz cause I'm down for my niggaz My homies got the {?}, automatics no clickers Huh? Codine, no liquor Man, life is a bitch, mine is a gold digger I'm fucked, let's fuck She said she on her period, I said, "Yuck" I called another bopper, I beat it like a copper Two big chain, one big chopper, bitch [2 Chainz] I got the chopper for the cold response The codine got me standin horizontal I had enough of the broken promises So I'm in a room full of Pocahontases And this shit is of the meat rack Weed sack, big car, layin with my seat back We next, weed never left Holland, weed bag All this ice on my and my niggaz playing freeze tag Lord forgive me, this my fourth foreign If you baby daddy lame, you should forewarn him I come through with the yapper on Turn that nigga into hot bologna I'm the type a nigga cop a rolly, cop a benz, cop a two Then wear it all to Church, nigga Hallelu Uh, I'm from the trap where the block'll pay you Me and my nigga pass your hoe like a hot potato I be like you could get her, he be like you could get her I be like you could have her, he be like you could have her He be like, it don t matter, I be like, me neither Uh, my old school got twenty-sixes on it And I got you girl kissin on me [Outro] Yuck Daddy! Yuck! Yuck Daddy! Yuck! Yuck-yuck-yuck Daddy! Two big chain, one big chopper Two big chain, one big chopper Two big chain, one big chopper Two big chain, one big chopper, bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 3LW f/ Lil Wayne Album: A Girl Can Mack Song: Neva Get Enuf Typed by: sherz187@webmail.co.za [Verse: Lil Wayne] 3L and Wayne, what up Listen, I'm way better than that chump Sorry 'cause I let her get her stuff 'Cause she shiftin' with a brother who could never get enough of her I'd go tough for her, could never do enough for her Mad love for her, mad thoughts of her Days and days again And I'm like Rocky, where's my Adrianne Now holler back Sweethearts bounce if you feel me Little women love, little me never get enough [Verse: 3LW] Why every time I meet a guy who wants to try To get my mathematics I deny He wants to take me home, he's out of his mind Will I ever meet someone for me [Hook: 3LW] He's gotta be the one That I'm daydreaming to spend my time with He's gotta be the one With no chicks attached and that's my man [Chorus: 3LW] To all my girls that dream know what I'm talkin' 'bout The ones that makes us cling to the thoughts of love He's so fresh, he's so clean, yes, I call and he calls me too That's why he's bad, my place, his pad, I could never get enough [Verse: 3LW] I, I'm so glad I came across this kind of guy He didn't ask me for my number, I thought why Then when I got the chance and now he's gentle inside Now he's the one that's got me open wide [Hook: 3LW] He's gotta be the one That I'm daydreaming to spend my time with He's gotta be the one With no chicks attached and that's my man [Chorus: 3LW] To all my girls that dream know what I'm talkin' 'bout The ones that makes us cling to the thoughts of love He's so fresh, he's so clean, yes, I call and he calls me too That's why he's bad, my place, his pad, I could never get enough [Verse: Lil Wayne] Mom, I stop to holler, not to bother If you busy I'll wait out for hours I'mma stick my wait out all the way out for hours What you know 'bout bein' hot for hours and not from showers, shh... Not yet though, how 'bout some flowers How 'bout we hop the wild one, knock out some lobster I could make your problems easy , stop jabbin' and slabbin' Weezy never get enough [Chorus: 3LW] To all my girls that dream know what I'm talkin' 'bout The ones that makes us cling to the thoughts of love He's so fresh, he's so clean, yes, I call and he calls me too That's why he's bad, my place, his pad, I could never get enough [Chorus: 3LW] To all my girls that dream know what I'm talkin' 'bout The ones that makes us cling to the thoughts of love He's so fresh, he's so clean, when I call him he calls me too That's why he's bad, my place, his pad, I could never get enough The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ace Hood f/ Lil Wayne, Rick Ross  Album: Hustle Hard (Remix) 12" Song: Hustle Hard (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Lil Wayne] G Mix!! I do it! (HUSTLE! HUSTLE! HUSTLE!) Yeah! (HUSTLE! HUSTLE! HUSTLE! HUSTLE!) G Mix! That's the remix! (HUSTLE! HUSTLE! HUSTLE!) UH! [Chorus: Ace Hood] Same old shit (SHIT!) Just a different day (DAY!) Out here tryin to get it (GET IT!) Each and ev'ry way (WAY!) Mama need a house (HOUSE!) Baby need some shoes (SHOES!) Times are gettin hard (HARD!) Guess what I'm a do HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HARD! (HARD!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HARD! (HARD!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HARD!  Closed mouths don't get fed on this boulevard! [Verse One: Ace Hood] Ok I'm booked out until August, show money deposits See the shit then I cop it got but a house note in my pocket I'm on South Beach with that top off, bad bitch and her ass soft Somethin out of that catalogue, she introduced to that lock jaw And I think her name was Lisa, or maybe it was Sheila My chevy sittin too high, I call that Wiz Khalifa And I'm all about the new Franklins, ain't talkin Aretha Bitch my league too major, I'm hip hop Derek Jeter And I'm still feelin my pockets, big bass and it's knockin Yeah this be that remix but still ride around with that rocket I'll go walkin back to my household, We The Best be that logo Hundred grand for that neck glow, all about the dinero Nigga flow so retarded, we be getting gnarley Oh kimosabe, it be me, Ross, Weezy party 'cause it's the.......... [Chorus: Ace Hood] (*Rick Ross) Same old shit (SHIT!) Just a different day (DAY!) Out here tryin to get it (GET IT!) Each and ev'ry way (WAY!) Mama need a house (HOUSE!) Baby need some shoes (SHOES!) Times are gettin hard (HARD!) Guess what I'm a do HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HARD! (HARD!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HARD! (HARD!) (*You know I love this nigga!!!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HARD!  Closed mouths don't get fed on this boulevard! [Verse Two: Rick Ross] Twenty four's on my Beamer (WOO!) Never know when I slide up Nineteen in my nina (WOO!) Red dot when I ride up Hundred deep in that K.O.D. King Of Diamonds thats me nigga No you bitches can't get my beat, choppers only thing free n-ggas Step to me and I teach you (HUH!) Somebody text his picture Straight drop in my beaker (Beaker!) Ace knockin my speakers (HUH!) Last night I counted one mill, this mornin, one fifty Pussy niggas can't count me out, don't make me hurt ya feelings AHH!!!!! V12 and jetted (WOO!) Jet Blue forget it (WOO!) Rolex embedded (WOO) with princess and baguettes Same old brick (BRICK!) But's it's different yay (YAY!) Yeah thats candy paint (PAINT!) On my Seven Tre (TRE!) [Chorus: Lil Wayne] (Ace Hood) Same old shit (SHIT!) Just a different day (DAY!) Out here tryin to get it (GET IT!) Each and ev'ry way (WAY!) Mama need a house (HOUSE!) Baby need some shoes (SHOES!) Times are gettin hard (HARD!) Guess what we 'gon do HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HARD! (HARD!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HARD! (HARD!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HARD!  (Closed mouths don't get fed on this boulevard!) [Verse Three: Lil Wayne] Ok now black card in my pocket, ridin 'round in that Gotti Pistol off my boxers I aint got time to be boxin Got a red bone she look tropic, If she fuck me right then she shoppin Young money we poppin I eat these rappers Anthony Hopkins See that V-neck, that's Polo, grilled up like Ocho Chuck Taylors with no socks, You niggas chicken, Pollo Nigga Liv on Sundays, King Of Diamonds Monday Swagger just dumb, call it Kelly Bundy Got a big house with a back yard, fish tank with sharks in it Real nigga I'm authentic, I'll fuck the bitch 'til she short winded Got a bad bitch who be bartendin, couple homies that gang bang I get on anybody track, and hit that bitch with that Wayne train Free my nigga T.I. Soo Woo to the bee hive Got a G6 and a G5, You pussy niggas you feline Don't stop the party, we be getting gnarley Whoa kimosabe, I'm with Mack, Fucus and Marley Cause it's, same old shit (SHIT!) Just a different day (DAY!) Out here tryin to get it (GET IT!) Each and ev'ry way (WAY!) Mama need a house (HOUSE!) Baby need some shoes (SHOES!) They want that Carter IV, bitch it's comin soon [Chorus: Ace Hood] Same old shit (SHIT!) Just a different day (DAY!) Out here tryin to get it (GET IT!) Each and ev'ry way (WAY!) Mama need a house (HOUSE!) Baby need some shoes (SHOES!) Times are gettin hard (HARD!) Guess what I'm a do HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HARD! (HARD!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HARD! (HARD!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HUSTLE! (HUSTLE!) HARD!  Closed mouths don't get fed on this boulevard! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ace Hood f/ Lil Wayne Album: Trials & Tribulations Song: We Outchea Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Ace Hood] Real life, Ace Hoooood We the motherfuckin' best - HUH! (Lil bro, ya know I gotcha) [Chorus: Ace Hood (Lil Wayne)] I made my way from the bottom, and I'm grindin' I wake up every morning lookin' for commas Bout my dollars; I'm goin' all out And that's on my mama, on my mama (yeeeah) Cause we outchea (we outchea), we outchea (we outchea) Ain't no sleepin' (ain't no sleepin'), cause we outchea (cause we outchea) And we outchea (and we outchea), we outchea (we outchea) Grindin' all damn night, cause we outchea [Ace Hood] Everyday that I'm wakenin', I'mma say my prayers (Amen) I'mma get on my grind off my mama need a new crib (Amen) And I'mma make that shake, gotta put the food on they plate Stay focus gotta get money, never gave a fuck what they say Ain't no time to sleep, I get guap, ain't no Jordan's in the shoe box Ain't no roof that came with that drop, chase that paper youngin' don't stop Nigga I was born and raised in that jungle, tryin' to get my fuckin' in, that's struggle Fuck that nine to five that don't cut, ain't no job I guess that's my luck Yeah, nigga outchea in safe date, tryin' to triple what I made today This one right here is for my real niggas and bad bitches who gettin' cake Count it up til your thumbs hurt, put fam second and God first Hatin' niggas ain't phasin' me; you couldn't walk a mile in my foot work [Lil Wayne] Money over the best pussy The blind hear me, the deaf lookin' When opportunity knock I run out the back door shit I thought it was the cops Damn, I fuck the bitch with a broom stick The same broom I didn't clean my room with Stay on my toes, no ballet Shout out my Zoe's, sak pase I'm twisted weed in my mansion, I go dumb in alumni Stanford Remember when moms couldn't afford Pampers, now she trying to avoid cameras All I do is count my blessings, Weezy F. for Fortunate I came up from that bottom, now I'm richer than chocolate Lil Tunechi [Ace Hood] I say another day, another dollar, thank the Lord for my praying mama Watching back in this cold world cause everybody won't see tomorrow Money callin' and I'm motivated, kill the beat, its pre-meditated Still remember like yesterday when them hard times had me frustrated Say any day I'mma go get it, pair of J's and my Florida fitted Quittin' not in my vocab and no hate found in my soul spirit Young nigga trying to feed the fail, hatin' on me I don't give a damn Out here like what nigga? You don't get the picutre like Instagram Hundred dollars to a couple grand, couple grand to a hundred bands Hundred bands to those big M's, and my weight up like six gyms I'm outchea and I mean that; We The Best, where my team at? Bad vibes I don't need that, I'da come too far to be lookin' back [Outro: Lil Wayne] YOUNG MULA BAAAY-BAAAY! Ace Hood, nigga Fuck these lil bitch ass niggas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Akon f/ Lil Wayne, Young Jeezy Album: Freedom Song: I'm So Paid Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Akon] Rubbin on that Italian leather Them Konvict jeans on You ready? (Yeah!) {Yeah} Geah! Konvict [Chorus: Akon] + (Jeezy) I get it in 'til the sunrise (AY) Doin 90 in the 65 (AY) Windows rolled down screamin out Ay, ay, ay, I'm so paid Number one hustler gettin money (AY) Why you wanna count my money (AY) I'm a hustler, don't need nann one of y'all You see, I'm so paid [Akon] I see police on that crooked I Doin a hundred on Interstate 95 My shorty leanin, blastin that Do or Die Wishin that motherfucker would cause we certified Got a system that'll beat and knock your wall off Got a pump under my seat, the sawed-off Got a bunch of goons, hope to never call on I'm a sniper sittin on the roof already saw y'all It ain't too much to put a strain on me That's the reason why I had to put the blame on me I'd rather have them dollar bills rain on me than to let them haters come and make a name off me That's why [Chorus] w/ Jeezy ad libs [Young Jeezy] She said, "Young, why your voice so hoarse?" I just sound like money baby I shoulda been a Porsche Paint lookin like a sugar-free Red Bull I'm so paid, you know I keep a pocketful Ha ha, and that's before the taxes Took my whole gross, now they hid it under my mattress I used to get bored, count 20's for practice Paper therapy, we let the money relax us Gold chains 'round my neck just like Michael Phelps I made a killin in the water, killin with the water Against all odds and I will not stop They tried keep me on bottom but I prefer the top And my project chick I moved her next to Joc She said the house was too small, I moved her next the block So baby get ya ass up, I need an extra block I told her "Do the speed limit, no extra stops" And that's why [Chorus] w/ Jeezy ad libs [Akon] I'm the boss, it only takes one call To try to hit you up and dump you off and that's all Guess what? I won't be takin that fall Homie I got cake, that's what I'm payin them for Ha ha, ain't that funny? Guerillas they want war, but ain't got money Cause I seen them all talk until they start gunnin Quicker than Usain Bolt, the fastest thing runnin Yeah, Akon, Weezy (Jeezy) Block Royal holdin down Jersey (Jersey) Devyne makin sure we gettin it +Up Front+ My lil' brother Boo got that vision, baby [Chorus] w/ Wayne ad libs [Lil Wayne] Ah-umm, big money Weezy White wife beater with the sig' underneath it How do I feel? Bitch I feel undefeated Snap my fingers disappear from the precinct Yeah, I'm ballin, we ball out Ball 'til we fall until the ball bounce I send some niggaz with guns to y'all house Only to find out you live in a dollhouse Damn (damn) but I thought you was tough though We carry choppers on our necks, call it cutthroat We bury cowards on the set that they come from We know magic, turn weed smoke to gun smoke WE (we) ball first when we ride You (you) in a hearse when you ride (Ayyyy) I put my shoe down baby And I'm holdin down Young Moolah baby (that's whyyyy) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: ASAP Rocky f/ ASAP Twelvy, Lil Wayne *, Ty Nast Album: Deep Purple Song: Uptown Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * Lil Wayne is not credited, he's just sampled prominently [Intro] (Uh-huh) Aiyyo S you crazy for this one! [Chorus: Lil Wayne sample] I'm so Uptown; and motherfucker if you ain't don't go Uptown yeah {*2X*} Don't go Uptown {*8X*} [ASAP Rocky] (Uptown, Uptown) ASAP where my crew at Swag so sick where the birds caught the flu at All the hoes know me, no need to ask "Who dat?" Or "Where the weed at?" My nigga, cause we do that When pistol-poppin get it poppin niggaz better move that Cause we get a Glock and with the stock and he ain't scared to shoot it like 4 Gs: blew that, G4: flew that I'm the shit, you must admit, true that I'm so Uptown Niggaz know we get it from the low Uptown Gold, got dro, got snow Uptown Bitch-shook niggaz shouldn't go Uptown We makin Manhattan, whip game proper Them eyes might be the product of vodka A-S-A-P, know I'm gon' prosper Don't care, cause I'm only straight as my posture [TY Nast] Boom! Nigga, Nast in the house Flow like a drug, pass it around Fag you're in doubt, what you rappin about? ASAP nigga, trash on the couch Glass to the mouth, Patron in the system Tool on the waist just in case I gotta fix 'em Bullets like fiends just dyin to hit them Nigga did I mention, swag house nigga Get slapped in your shit if you bad mouth nigga Left the Range in the garage I brought the Jag out, nigga Nast be the shit that you brag about, nigga I ain't even tryin to hear about your hereabouts, nigga Weird-ass nigga, scared-ass nigga I am done with this track, did you hear that, nigga? Bein double Nast and I did rap nigga Try to step on my throne? Bitch, this is my home [ASAP Twelvy] I'm a Uptown blood slime, balling's in my bloodline Pants saggin real low, I'm runnin from the one time Free Church Boy, yeah my nigga caught a gun crime Mobbing on Lenox and I'm grindin 'til the sunrise I'm really gettin dope boy, free my nigga Dough Boy Catch me on Broadway, we got it for the low boy And I got flow boy, in other words, hoes boy Body after body yeah, you already know boy I'm bumping old boy, classic Harlem shit True religion, who you kiddin? Nigga started this Young Twelve get it gang, got the hardest shit Polo down to the socks, lookin marvelous I'm from the home of the VS I'm Grade on the West like I'm Gucci on the ES Aura like GS, stepping out the GX ASAP up, y'all niggaz kill me with the BS; PS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Avant f/ Lil Wayne Album: You Know What 12" Song: You Know What Typed by: naptowns_own@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Jermaine Dupri] I, I got somethin to tell ya girl I got somethin I wanna do I, I got somethin to tell ya I wanna you know what-you know what Avant holla at 'em [Avant] I been lookin for you for a long damn time But you've been gone away, I nearly lost my mind An hour in the club and you cryin on me Touchin on me, got me goin crazy That skirt you wearin got a player on swole As I glance at my watch and see the night is growin old I start to reminisce about when we were shorties Backseat of my jeep, yes I'm feelin horny As I play my position posted up on the wall Happy to hear the DJ say last call Cause what that means is we about to leave And I'm about to be all up on you, and you up on me Cause I want you And in the middle of the night I'm gonna rub And if you let me go down, I'm gonna taste And when it's all said and done I'm gonna you know what-you know what Cause I want you And in the middle of the night I'm gonna rub you And if you let me go down, I'm gonna taste you And when it's all said and done I'm gonna you know what-you know what [Avant] It's hard to keep in touch when you're off in school But now you're right here we can do what we do Start in the car and end up in the livin room Kiss around ya navel while ya on the end table Push the magazines down on the floor I'm ya soldier so I'm ready to go to war And ya told me you're hot and you're ready You're legs won't stop shakin just give it to me daddy And I like the way your body's lookin right there Knowin we might not even make it upstairs And what that means is just relax ya mind and baby let it flow It's goin down and that's for sure Cause I want you And in the middle of the night I'm gonna rub And if you let me go down, I'm gonna taste And when it's all said and done I'm gonna you know what-you know what Cause I want you And in the middle of the night I'm gonna rub you And if you let me go down, I'm gonna taste you And when it's all said and done I'm gonna you know what-you know what [Lil Wayne] Yea fresh off the G-4 Need no intro Weezy baby nimpho Him so gentle wit it, still got mami limbo Little but he put his thing down like Mutumbo You though, rich, smart, humble Got somethin down though, to make ya walls crumble Not rough though, slow-mo, promo, we could go video Uh-oh, hmm, that's right Nasty it's all to me How he rap and got women like he R&B What you know about ya legs in the air With ya head in the chair, and my hands in ya hair We could go there if what I'm sayin sounds fair Don't trip, I kiss every lip, don't flip Flip up the doors on the out of country whip I could take you out of this world baby, let's dip Cause I want you And in the middle of the night I'm gonna rub And if you let me go down, I'm gonna taste And when it's all said and done I'm gonna you know what-you know what Cause I want you And in the middle of the night I'm gonna rub you And if you let me go down, I'm gonna taste you And when it's all said and done I'm gonna you know what-you know what [Jermaine Dupri] Rock on, just rock on This is another one of those So-So Def... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erykah Badu f/ Bilai, Lil Wayne Album: New Amerykah, Pt 2: Return of the Ankh * Song: Jump Up In the Air and Stay There Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com * - iTunes bonus track [Chorus 2X: Badu and Bilai: sung in tune to "Hydralic Pump" by P-Funk All Stars] I know you, waaaaaaant tooooo Jump up in the air and stay there Jump up in the air and stay there Jump up in the air and stay there Jump up in the air and stay there Jump up in the air and stay there Jump up in the air and stay there Jump up in the air and stay there [Erykah Badu] Jumped, up, out my seat I know you want, tooooo Something musta got in me I know you want, tooooo Church never felt this good befo' I know you want, tooooo 'Cept I was at the club - uh oh I know you want, tooooo (Bounce - hey) C'mon [Pre-Chorus] I know you want to, reach to the higher level Much further from the devil, until you feel the weather I know you want to, reach to the higher level Much further from the devil, until you feel the weather [Lil Wayne] Hi  G-H-two-oh, dial never My level far from the devil, have some manners  Say hello, to angels and watch out for Uranus I go nuts like a Danish then vay-nish into thin air  and stay in there This is D. Carter, betta bring ya swimwear Heh, but I'm shallow and when ya this high Everybody else balow - oops, I meant below! Mijo, zero degree yo, frio Get into your +soul+ like Neo, whee-oh Oh, I meant oh-whee - or is it ooh-whee? Truly, I don't give a fuck  I am on the ceiling stuck, like a fan full of dust Like her hand full of bucks I'm, spendin like crazy I'm in Wayne's World where the women like ladies And you don't need a telescope to see Weezy F. Baby, hah! [Erykah Badu] We don't give a fuck (hey) We on the ceiling stuck (heeeey) Like a fan full of dust, like her hand full of bucks We spendin like, cra-zay We don't give a fuck (hey) We on the ceiling stuck  Like a fan full of dust, like her hand full of bucks We spendin like, cra-zay On the ceiling stuck (hey) We don't give a fuck (heeee) Like a fan full of dust, like her hand full of bucks We spendin like, cra-zay We don't give a fuck (hey) We on the ceiling stuck  Like a fan full of dust, like her hand full of bucks We spendin like, cra-zay The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Travis Barker f/ Game, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross, Swizz Beatz Album: Give the Drummer Some Song: Can a Drummer Get Some? Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Swizz Beatz] 'Scuse me Travis Barker you're on Uh-uh-on, uh-uh-on I been waitin so don't take too long Uh-uh-on... [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] Can a drummer get some? Can a drummer get some? Can a drummer get some? Can a drummer get some? Can a - can a drummer get, can a - can a drummer get Can a - can a drummer get (can a drummer get some?) [Game] Boom, guess who stepped in the room? Draped in black diamonds like a fuckin monsoon Back from the dead but they never found my killer So I jumped up out the grave like Michael Jackson in "Thriller" Iller, than most MC's cause I be killin the most MC's Turn 'em to ghost MC's Yeah, give the drummer some.. {*drumroll*} As the 32's spin when that all-black Hummer run +Face/Off+, Nicolas Cage with a guage I'm famous for killin rappers, my style, grenade Cook shit like Ray, the Chef Raekwon The beats are filet mignon without the A1 Who bark like a pitbull, you? Bitch please I eat your favorite rapper's heart out with a sixteen Dean hit the switch, I'm somethin with big D's Make money with Ruff Ryders, homie that's Swizz cheese [Lil Wayne] Bang, guess who checked in the game? Smoke in the air like LeBron James Runnin this shit like he Ron Dayne Pull out my dick and just pee on flames She on Wayne, but she ain't what I be on I'm beyond, I pee on you peons for eons I'm in my prime like Deion I'ma shine like neon, I'm a lion like Leon But I'm about to go off, cause that is all I know of I don't have to show y'all, I'd rather show off Yeah, Travis on the drums, Travis on the beat Wayne got the smoke, and Game got the heat Weezy F, I'm a F'n star Haha, get it? F and Star? Ha, and it's the Roc you bastards If I'm the rock star we'll ROCK you bastards [Rick Ross] Boss, Black Wall Street Maybach Music 2Pac in "Juice," Radames is on the loose King James 'round my neck, haters wish it was a noose Long Maybach and I wish it was a coupe Kush out the jar, car smellin like Joop Quarter milli on the seat, yeah I know I'm a goof Designer underwear, she knows I'm the Gucc' Got the wide body, I'm a fat motherfucker In Swahili I'm screamin "Stack motherfucker~!" Yeah homie won't stop until I decide to Until then I'm makin rollies for the homies to ride to Spokes on the fo's, folks wanna know Bitch I'm the Boss, best foot's on the blow Keep the hat pulled low, big P on the front Travis on the drums, big weed on the blunt Think savage where I'm from, girls manage from the jump Don't try me like a punk, Travis handin me the pumps So {*echoes*} [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Hot Boys Album: It's All On U Vol. 2 Song: 6 Figure Typed by: hot_boyz@mail.com [B.G.] It's me, the B.G., doin' my thang Lettin' 'em hang, I represent bangity-bang I gettin' off into shit you can not handle I'm settin' it off in this bitch, thinkin' of scandals 'Bout my paper, 5 figures and up with the red beam Dealers and thugs on my team with many 14's Hittin' your home up, hittin' at everything movin' Lookin' and losin', startin' chaos and confusion I'm bruisin' your whole family, dress 'em up in dark colors Then come to your funeral in two Hummers That's me, Baby Gangsta, spark in the day Come out the funeral home, you get hit at walkin' away I'm in to grow, legend with rights, I don't been enticed To greab the K and let it spray, put an end to a nigga life My nigga TD gettin' high wit' me Out that 13, straped up he ride or die wit' me I was in the 'Nolia, lookin' for that killa guerilla I know my nigga gangsta got it on wild willa Uptown consist of drug dealers, and thugs For the junkies got no love It's like this, play pussy you catch a slug Drug though the mud, once it's dead it's done Hand on my gun cause I don't give a muthafuck I'm a head buh-uh-busta, I never truh-uh-trust a bitch Make sure I gotta silent 4-5, if this nigga snitch Get me in the fix, and I can't snitch out the mix Just gimme tree lives, double them so I got six Ain't that some shit, wanna see me assed outta luck Bet I ain't trippin', cause I don't give a muthatfuck [Lil' Wayne] I be catchin' a nigga corner, rippin' through a nigga street Hot Boys they ride with me, like a preist, five deep Windows tinted, clips extened, drum lettin' Bustin' lead 'n, real 'n, Hot Boy$ don't forget it Leave every porch wet 'n, brains all over the step 'n Disrespectin' the whole neighborhood block wettin' Step in, the section, uh-of the Hot Boy$ Full of the 'dro, and ride and chop you whole spot boy Better watch boy, where you be at cause I'm a hit at, three flat You want beef, I'ma beef at, make it hot, I'ma crease that Camoflauge to the 'Boks, pop off clips in the glocks Make sure all choppers cocked, start a quake, shake the whole block Take the tip of the jo, kick down the front door Run from front to back bustin', Terius cut his wife throat I'ma play it how it go, hold a black connect sho' We went to school for this, we spend bins like a pro Go chill with the Joe, Say wodie let's get loaded Blow a pound with my round, 50 shot'll get me toted I'ma wet your bin, hit your house, unlock ten Boy you can't win I let chopper bullets spin [Turk] Don't fuck with bitch niggaz, 226 bout the real Them niggaz who paper chase, go in the dark and pack that steal You ain't hear about the young thugs,  The Hot Boys, that's who the are Run that shit blow for blow, hoes be bout catchin' that nut Nigga don't think cause we young, we ain't ridin' or dyin' too Down with black connection to the finish, we bout killin' niggaz too Spend your bin quickly, make you suffer, die slowly You hit enough, I'm about to down, play the scenery Big ol' Expedition's, do some dirt in it tonight Five choppers for who lost, kill a nigga, we just might Bitch niggaz get left flat, like a flat rat in the street Abunch of young head spliters, like K.C. and B.G. Fuck the police, cause we spray them too Pop the cop or go down, cause we ain't down with that crew Get caught up in the crossfire, best believe It's All On U +Ohh, it ain't my fault+, I done what I had to do Give a fuck about no nigga, that nigga don't give a fuck about me Any chance he get he gon' take it, try to sweep me off my feet That's why I keep my eyes wide, nigga cross that line they gon' die Leave your families clueless, and questionin' why 4-4 bull dogs bark loud, chopper moves crowds Innocent bystanders watch out, them lil thugs act wild [B.G.] I'm a ride or die-er, smoke nothin' but that fire-ya Keep all my hoes cause I'm a liar Neighborhood uh-hotter that a toaster, ridin' MoMo's  and I'll roast a deal what's on my old poster,  if I pull it out my holster You sopposed'a, respect a nigga like me I'm gettin' closer and closer to the T-O-P I'm H-O-T, bitches say I'm a D-O-G I'm on surveilance all day be the S-P-D's In my heart I feel, fuck the police Cause in they hear they feel, fuck it,  try to keep a nigga off the street Who? Not I, nigga, the trillest B.G. Lots'a money, and the best attourney speak for me And I speak and represent for the U.P.T. I creep, and get bent with VL Street I' slang heat, any day, noise I bring Feel I can't be bat any day, I'm a Hot Boy, I let 'em hang Far as they can, cause I'm a thug to the fullest Pistol in my hand, trigga I pull it 'til there's no more bullets I ain't the one to be repped on Who whole block get stepped on If they outside, when I'm ride, I'ma ride 'til there's no more gas I'ma ride 'til I put you on your muthafuckin' back I'm in all black, behind the skuh-uh-skimask It ain't no way that you could last I'm comin' like the task force, I blast with full force I'm sorry if your grandparents on the porch They All 'N [Juvenile] Even if I don't get no taller I'ma always be a CMB baller, smokin' blunts in the hallway I'm skinny yeah, weighin' 'bout 155 But believe I could tote a chopper, believe bitches could die Now play with the man, full of that dope with a K in his hand Don't want hear what'cha sayin' just don't be here when I sprayin' How you gon' do it, we could handle that no secret Boy, I'll put some change on you head take you off the street quick Look, I got a Mack-90 that won't quit I got clique foll of some njiggaz bout that funk shit So what you want, get you dome split You home hit, jeopardized Niggaz spendin' a bin in camoflauge I'ma top knot shot caller, from the clique CMB Ballers Fuckin' niggaz daughters, got my shit sittin' on Brawlers I'm mad boy, with this clique I'ma act a ass boy It's cash boy, I don't think you could last boy I'm bout to pull some out the hall type shit Some Steven Seagal type shit Some *cgghh* knife shit Don't think you niggaz feelin' that 226 Behind me the crucifix, chop or get chopped, split or get split Doogie, Lil Wayne, Lil Turk, Lil Terius, better tell 'em These niggaz are felons, "HOT BOY" be which we yellin' Right know you close to the devil, and your lip gon' get you hurt Picture this, three ways gon' tear up your turf The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Big Tymers, Hot Boys Album: Chopper City in the Ghetto Song: Bling Bling Typed by: Caddy24@aol.com Verse One: Baby Nigga I got these hoes iced up enough While my lil B.G.'s on the bus puttin out cigarette butts But me personally playboy I don't give a fuck  And I'ma always show love to my cut Hit the club light tha bitch up The Cash Money motto we got to drank til we throw up Nigga point the hoe out guaranteed I can fuck Wootay I'm tattooed and barred up Medallion iced up, Rolex bezelled up And my pinky ring is platinum plus Earrings be trillion cut And my grill be slugged up My heart filled with anger cause nigga I don't give a fuck Stack my chesse up Cause one day I'm a give this street life up Beef I don't discuss A nigga outta line gone get his motherfuckin head bust Cash Money Millionaires plus Don't touch sum'in nigga you can't fuck Twenty inches TV is a must By the year two thousand I'm gut out my bus Verse Two: Lil' Turk A lil nigga seventeen playin with six figures Got so much ice you can skate on a nigga When you see cash money you know you stay flossin Catch cha girl down bad ya know we straight tossin I aint seen a click yet that can stunt like mine I aint seen a marette that can run like mine 1999, and it's our turn to shine Fifty or better on our wrist and they all blind Pourin vodka til I die drank til I faint Til a nigga tell me I need another drank My nigga Baby told me work nigga trick to them hoes Nigga Baby told me work nigga better than treatin yo nose I'm the freak of the click Keep it on the tuck so I creep on a bitch And I play it on the raw never sleep with a bitch Keep it real with my niggaz Never weep for a bitch (Chorus) Lil' Wayne 2# Bling bling Everytime I come around yo city Bling bling Pinky ring worth about fifty Bling bling Everytime I buy a new ride  Bling bling Lorinsers on Yokahama tires Bling bling Verse Thre: Manny Fresh It's the nigga with tha Lex bubble Candy coated helicopter with tha leather cover If ya suckin' not fuckin' take off the rubber Then toss that bitch nigga cause I don't love her Balla, Manny bought a private plane Then turned around and sold that bitch to Juve and Wayne They put 30 inch lorenzos on that thang man I know you niggaz out there just don't understand Verse Four: Juvenile I'm a 1999 driver I'm a uptown third ward magnolia T.C. driver Ol ignorant ass always stunting Big ballin ass nigga you can see him when he comin Booted up, diamond up Golds be shinnin' up Muthafuckas be blindin' up Niggas at the second line be sayin, "I'll be damned" Up in they best fits sayin, "Juve got me damn" (Chorus) 2x Verse Five: B.G. I be that nigga with the ice on me If it cost less than twenty it don't look right on me I stay flossed out all through the week My money long if you don't know I'm the B.G. I be fuckin niggaz bitches all in they home Niggaz be like, "Look at that Benz on all that chrome" Diamonds worn by everybody thats in my click Man I got the price of a mansion 'round my neck and wrist My nigga Baby gettin' a special built machine A Mercedes Benz 700 V14 I know you niggaz can't believe that I can't wait to see ya haters face when ya see that Man look at that Niggaz wear shades just to stand on side of me Folks say take that chain off boy ya blindin me All day my phone ringin bling bling bling Can see my earring from a mile bling bling (Chorus) 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Big Tymers, Hot Boys Album: Chopper City in the Ghetto Song: Bling Bling (Radio Remix) Typed by: coreydt@bellsouth.net Verse One: Baby (Big Tymers) Man I got these broads iceing it up While my lil B.G.s on the bus puttin' out cigarette butts But me personally playboy I done had bad luck  And I'm a always show love to my cut Hit tha club light tha lights up The Cash Money motto is to drank 'til you throw up Point the broad out guaranteed I can pluck Cause Wodie I'm tattooed and barred up Medallion iced up  Rolex bezelled up And my pinky ring is platinum plus Earrings be trillion cut And my grill be slugged up My heart filled with anger lost, stranded as a youngster Stack my chesse up Cuz oneday I'm a give this street life up Beef I don't discuss Wodie outta line wodie gone get his head bust Cash Money millionaires plus Don't touch broad if you can't pluck the broad Twenty inches with t.v.'s is a must By the year two thousand Lil' Wayne gone tear this game up Verse Two: Lil Wayne (Hot Boys) Boss B, slow down in the Jag you lost me You know how slow the new Rolls Royce be The number one rapper, dippin low low In a compressor sippin mo-mo Spend a lotta cheddar, look My click couldn't be betta I'm married to C.M.R. baby Love it or leave it Drop tops when it's hot Strech hummer's when it's not Light up the whole block when You glance at my watch It's Wayne baby, thugged out won't change baby I'll do your main lady, in a blue navigaty That's game baby, you can call me a game shooter But since I drive a bubble people call me Lex Luger I pull up in a expedition they be like ah no,no,no he didn't Tattoes and fast cars, Do you know who we are? I'm Lil' Weezy puttin down for C.M.R. (Chorus) Repeat Bling bling Everytime I come around yo city Bling bling Pinky ring worth about fifty Bling bling Everytime I buy a new ride  Bling bling Lorenzos on Yokahama tires Bling bling Verse Three: Manny Fresh (both) It's the playa with tha Lex bubble Candy coated helicopter with tha leather cover If ya slirppin' not _______' take off the rubber Then toss that broad cuz I don't love her Balla, Manny bought a private plane Then turned around and sold that thang to Juve and Wayne They put 30 inch lorenzos on that thang man You lil kids out there just don't understand Verse Four: Juvenile (Hot Boys) I'm a 1999 driver I'm a uptown third ward Magnolia T.C. rider Ole ignorant boy always stun'n Big ballin' cahouney's you can see him when he comin' Booted up  Diamond up Golds be shinnin' up All them diamonds be blindin' up People at the second line be sayin' I be damn Up in they best fits sayin' Juve got me damn (Chorus) 2x Verse Five: B.G. (Hot Boys) I be that playa with the ice on me If it cost less than twenty it don't look right on me I stay flossed out all through the week My money long if you don't know I'm the B.G. I be dealin with your girl all in your home Haters be like look at that benz on all that crome Diamonds worn by everybody thats in my click Man I got the price of a mansion 'round my neck and wrist My nigga Baby gettin' a special built machine A mercedes benz seven hundred B 14 I know you haters can't believe that I can't wait to see ya bustas face when ya see that Man look at that Girls wear shades just to stand on side of me They say take that chain off boy ya blindin' me All day my phone ringin' bling bling bling Can see my earring from a mile bling bling (Chorus) 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Big Tymers, Hot Boys Album: Checkmate Song: Change the World Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lil' Wayne] What, what, what, what, what, what Huh (Huh) What (What) If I could change the world (If I could change the world) Huh (Huh) What (What - what) Look: If I had the world, dog, I'd make hustlin' good And if I could I'd put work every hustler's hood [B.G.] I can't lie - this world is scary to me I carry two gats - you won't hear nobody buryin' me [Juvenile] None of my people would have to pay tax or bills Even all the new niggas oughtta average a mill [Mannie] If I could change the score, we'd never hustle no more And every bizite that I lizight 'll be like "whoa" [Lil' Wayne] And the police would be for here only for the old folks So if we have a problem, we strap up and hold court [B.G.] If I could change it - man, if the world was mine Nobody'd have to take nothin' 'cause we'd all shine [Juvenile] If I ruled the world, nigga wouldn't have no beef It'll be a decline in the murder rate on the streets [Baby] If the world was mine we wouldn't need no killers We'll put A/C in these project windows [Lil' Wayne] Huh (Huh) What (What) If I could change the world (If I could change the world) Huh (Huh) What (What - what) Look - what, what, what, what, what (Hook [Unplugged]) If I could change the world I'd make it much better for you and me I'd erase these hard times we had, yeah And we'd ball 'til we fall - can you feel that? Yeeeeeaaaaahhhhh [Mannie] Come on, let's do this shit - yo, my party don't quit And every record Cash Money put out 'll be a hit [Lil' Wayne] I'd dig a ditch for the hatas, put 'em deeper with that And I could murder a nigga and wouldn't spend a week in the pen [B.G.] Man, we'd all have houses, a half-a-block We'd all be on chrome in a Benz drop-top [Juvenile] All the women would be big, fine with a cute face And the children would be the kind that stay in they place [Baby] If the world was mine I'd unite my peeps My mom and my dad would be in this world with me [Lil' Wayne] But if a nigga still trip, you can hit him with glock And just to keep it real I'll bring back Biggie and Pac [B.G.] Man, we'd all get along - we'll be a family That's just how it'll be if this world was for me [Juvenile] If I ruled the world, wouldn't be no politics Blacks would have a lot of shit - that Bentley and that Prowler shit [Lil' Wayne] What, what, what, what, what, what Huh (Huh) What (What) If I could change the world (If I could change the world) Huh (Huh) What (What - what) Look - what, what, what, what, what (Hook [Unplugged]) If I could change the world I'd make it much better for you and me I'd erase these hard times we had, yeah And we'd ball 'til we fall - can you feel that? Yeeeeeaaaaahhhhh [Juvenile] More blunts to smoke up on the streets with peace Without a worry on our mind, not duckin' police [Mannie] If we could go back in time, you could have what's mine That's for shig my nig - we ain't gotta slang that iron [Lil' Wayne] Play the block all day without runnin' and duckin' And everybody drugs raw - they don't cut it with nothin' [B.G.] It ain't mine - I just gotta get it how I live Can't question God on what He made a biz what it is [Juvenile] If I ruled the world, my family wouldn't fight Everything in order - everybody all right [Baby] If the world was mine I'll still be grindin' I'll flip big blocks for (?) and Bryan [Lil' Wayne] And if you move a hundred bricks, you get a Benz for free Oh yeah, and Beyonce'll have twins for me [B.G.] Man, if this world was for the lil' B.G. Everybody'd be straight, everybody'd live sweet - uh-huh [Lil' Wayne] Huh (Huh) What (What) If I could change the world (If I could change the world) Huh (Huh) What (What - what) Look - what, what, what, what, what (Hook-2x [Unplugged]) If I could change the world I'd make it much better for you and me I'd erase these hard times we had, yeah And we'd ball 'til we fall - can you feel that? Yeeeeeaaaaahhhhh [Lil' Wayne] Huh (Huh) What (What) If I could change the world (If I could change the world) Huh (Huh) What (What - what) Look - what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Lil' Wayne Album: True Story Song: From Tha 13th to Tha 17th Typed by: YoungNThuggin@aol.com [First Verse-B.G.] A nigga tried to test my nuts Clown thought I was soft Drumma had ten clicks So you know I had to knock his head off Caught him slipping on the darkside Had to do a walk-by Walked up on then popped him up Watched that fucken clown die Bitch, Don't try to play me Or you'll push up daisies Baby Gangsta took you to war Off wit yo head G Don't ever underestimate The 40 is off Then you roll down for murder And my game is cold Situation bout this nigga Make at a thousand plugs and slow He shouldn't killed me for his dick I'm gon' play him like a hoe The nigga deserved to be killed Tried to play me like im not real But I'ma pop a Red then chop ya Yes, that cap got peeled I had no motha fucken love Man I'm down to plug 'Cuz I'm a gangsta off Valence A true fucken thug [Hook-B.G.] Uptown solja Can't stop that 13th Real, real niggas we be chillen off Valence Street Uptown solja Can't stop that 13th Real, real niggas we be chillen off Valence Street [Second Verse-Lil' Wayne] Niggas be tryin to creep So you better watch your back Fore a Holly Grove nigga run all in your set So much love for them niggas out that Y 17 That Holly Grove in affect, its all good It goes...check it... 'H' is for High Like we always get We gettin blunted, sessed, smokin Bobo Bush Then the 'O' is for Olly, bracin real, real niggas Double 'L' is for Low Life Who love to pull the trigga The 'Y' is for Yes y'all Yes, Yes, my brotha I'm Baby G from that Grove motha fucka The 'G' is for Gat The 'R' is for Ratta tat! I'm his back Boom Boom Boom 'Cuz its like that 'O' is for Only Only Holly Grove The 'V' is for Villion Them wild, wild, soljas 'E' is for Eagle Yes the Eagles took me through some real, real, gangstas  Out the Y 17 [Hook-B.G.] Holly Grove solja Can't stop the 17th Real, real niggas they be chillen off Eagle Street Holly Grove solja Can't stop the 17th Real, real niggas they be chillen off Eagle  [Third Verse-B.G.] Its hard But I still gotta stand like a man Gotta strap Gotta watch out 'Cuz jealous niggas on my ass Try'na bring me down But I ain't got no more that you got I'm strugglin like you Tryen' to stack a motha fucken lot I stop you in your tracks No thug when you fucken touched Stay yo grounds when you a thug Be a true fucken thug Ready to blast any nigga in yo way You got a fucken K So don't hesitate to use yo K Boom chocka', Boom chocka', Boom to the head Makin sure the bitch is dead Like a thug then you fled the fucken scene When cop uh, try to stop uh You always, try to pop uh But if they run to yo clip Then motha fuckas got ta' droppa Thats just how it is Somebody will get plugged 'Cuz I'm a gangsta out that Val. Again a true fucken thug [Hook-B.G.] Uptown solja Can't stop that 13th Real, real niggas we be chillen off Valence Street Uptown solja Can't stop that 13th Real, real niggas we be chillen off Valence Street [Fourth Verse-Lil' Wayne] We slangin ou-r dope  Clocken much, much dollars Gettin' paid up in pace Twenty-Fo by the hour Keep my pockets on stroll And you know  That I'm rollin  I can never be no faker 'Cuz my game is to go... Just to Eagle Street Hussler - I can never lose my self 'Cuz them niggas in the Grove I know they all got my back Just the 17 - thang Its all about that Holly Grove So throw yo hands up So I can knock out all you hoes You runnen 'round talken - you's a slugged up nigga But when I get through You just a bone-mouth nigga Try'na explain to them everything But they don't understand a word Blood flyin everywhere Was all they they seen And all they heard So you better fill your mouth With that fake retainer Messin 'round with a villian I'ma put you in somethang So take my advice And see yo way at the Grove You uh push some real villians And you die like a stove Just a real, real hustler out that Y 17 McDonald wit that Holly Grove Thats that gangsta Eagle Street  [Hook-B.G.] Holly Grove solja Can't stop the 17th Real, real niggas they be chillen off Eagle Street Holly Grove solja Can't stop the 17th Real, real niggas they be chillen off Eagle Street [Fifth Verse-B.G.] A hustla They chill and live they thug life on that V. Street A gangsta  No busta represent that fucken 13th Bad like a motha fucka Shitted nigga come and rap strap wit that fucken Tec When I'm chillen' on the set That 9-5 has got to be locked So a nigga jump-shot On my block you will get mugged 'Cuz there's 'bout a hundred thugs T-H-U-G thats the life a nigga live in Always down for killen Hollows, niggas peelin Drugs, is niggas dealin You gots to be real'n Sleepin 'round that Val. its yo life a nigga's stealin But fuck it now nigga, the B.G. is in affect From the 3rd to tha 17th a nigga be chillen on the set  [Hook-B.G.] I'm a Uptown solja Can't stop that 13th Real, real niggas we be chillen off Valence Street Uptown solja Can't stop that 13th Real, real niggas we be chillen off Valence Street  Holly Grove solja Can't stop the 17th Real, real niggas they be chillen off Eagle Street Holly Grove solja Can't stop the 17th Real, real niggas they be chillen off Eagle Street The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Lil' Wayne, Tec-9 Album: True Story Song: Fuck Big Boy Typed by: Ltsjet@aol.com [First Verse-Tec-9] I'm back again, reppin' and I got my four ten Doin' you in when I creeps and spin the bin Now the heat is on I'm comin' to get'cha Went through the 17th and couldn't even find ya Come to find out, that you were fat mouthin' and you'z a hoe The only time you seen the 17th is at a show Jealous muthafuckas wanna be like me I represent that 3, the capital T-E-C You bitches better keep my name out'cha mouth Before I get a bag of that fire and wait outside your house Nigga, I catch a drain, ain't no motive, ain't no blame on what I do ya Cuz I'ma fuck over you Now what's up? Cuz I don't think you ready to see no blood Fuck all that asshole and leave ya fuckin' head swollen I hit like floods, better yet, I stick like mud Them bitches P-N-C, I leave'em in a pool of blood Partners-N-Crime, y'all some bitches, y'all some snitches You stupid clown, Chuck got'cha riches [2nd Verse-B.G.] Partners you bet not do no crime, Get no time and go to JAIL Cuz in that two man cell, best believe you gone get NAILED Mystikal you'z a hoe, it's time I Iet'cha know Y'all ain't ready for Local five, got a boot camp fulla hoes I'm gat totin', ready to leave your heart open Bullets floatin', hot nine chambers smokin' Uptown, ya bound to get y'all wig split Y'all represent a 17th set that don't even exist Now that's a shame, you reppin' just to get a name You can't survive in this game cuz you niggas lame I'm ready to take it to some "G" shit, street shit Where caps get peeled, and wigs bound to get split I'm off Valence, ain't no doubt this B.G. ain't real I'm bout to *hic* hiccup some bullets out my fuckin' steel Peel, make niggas kneel, bow down >From this clown that's gonna put you six in the ground. It's time a nigga put Big Boy where the fuck they belong Rollin' wit Tec-9 snortin' dope best believe it's on [Chorus-Tec-9] Partners-N-Crime you ain't nothin' but bitches Lick on the nuts and suck the dick [Chorus-Lil Wayne] Big Boy know, they ain't nothin' but hoes [Chorus-B.G.] You can jump up on this dick, like a morphodyke, BIATCH! [3rd Verse-Lil' Wayne] Say "Ah ha, Ah ha", yeah you thought it was funny When you tried to rap, hunt, stunt, front, on Ca$h Money You must have been jealous of that title that we holdin' Try to rep on that Local 580 You must have been too loaded, too loaded, too loaded They tried to pull a lil' stunt, on that Local 580 Wanna be Pimp Daddy, Lil' Slim, and Baby They put that whole CMR all up in they rap They had us on they first tape and they proceed to sweat So let's show them wannabes what we made of nigga Try to knock a B.G., I'ma spray a nigga Swear to God you was hard, but you don't want none of me Cuz I'm a little-bitty killa off Amelia East So put two and fall, see I ain't with that boy Cuz all I do is grab my 9 and break a nigga off Somethin' proper, I will make you droppa I'ma baby gangsta, not no P-poppa This is dedicated to niggas that be fakin' Tryed to rock the crowd for the turf but couldn't make it It was complicated so how you gonna rock them? While they was busy doin' the Hike and Eddie Bow'n I'ma stand my ground even though you try to bring me down Cuz I'ma Ca$h Money clown from that Uptown, and I'm bout it Nigga you know you not bout it,  Come around my way I'ma have to get ROWDY [4th Verse-B.G.] Damn, I hate a busta bitch talkin' shit But when drama time come they scared to do it Throw them thangs talkin' hard in the Mic Say it in my face, be a man, and let's fight Take it to the street with a real baby G I'ma show ya I came bust caps send ya six feet I ain't bout none of that playin' or assholin' Nigga I'm splittin' wigs, leavin' heads swollen Mystikal slippin' and on the pavement you get laid Light up through ya hoe, I'ma grab you by them dookey braids Put'cha head down, cuz I heard about'cha In Desert Storm, Uncle Sam got that mouth up out'cha So let me get that out'cha bitch, I'ma run in your shit, cuz I'm a 13th nigga and I'm bout it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Hot Boys Album: It's All On U Vol. 2 Song: Hot Boys 226 Typed by: HotBoi226@aol.com [B.G.] Nigga you peepin, 'cause I'm peepin for niggas creepin I'm on my game ready to be releasin and rearrange Ya fuckin brain Carry and shoot that old 50 plus Out the clip these bullets rush, leave ya fuckin head bust Wuz up, I freeze beef like a deep freezer Ya talk noise, where ya stand nigga is where I leave ya Believe in me and my click, hit ya block erasin Leave ya thoughts wastin, I run a hundred miles paper chasin I'm 'bout drama, foolishness, whatever start the trigga play I had to spank a nigga believin what a bitch say Like K.C., I don't play Spin a nigga bin everyday A hundred round drum on the K Leave ya set a straight disaster Ya got birds? I smash ya Refuse, I leave that ass, know that I'm nasty No clues, I can't be caught I can't be found, it's all on you I stop ya heart from beatin, down to the dirty-do I leave a nigga flesh hangin from his chest 'Cause the best that he dressed Couldn't fuck with the Smith & Wess B.G., Black Connection 226 start static Comin out a nigga attic leavin holes in ya carriage I ride all night 'til I catch a bitch And when I catch, I auto matic wet ya bitch [Bullet] It's that nigga off the block, call me the hood mack Disguised in red bandana strapped wit the chrome and black mack Check, while you be the playa hater, I be the bitch fader Bullets graze ya, nigga I tried to erase ya Pick the casket, dump the Glock in the basket I stroll slow, a tisket, a tasket I brings enough of ??? heat then I bring my boys To destroy, chop ya down like a clown UPTOWN!!! That is my destination And murderin motherfuckers is my occupation You'd rather face the nation than to fuck wit me I keep a chopper, I'm a fool out that wild TC Good bye, better yet I'll see ya later I'm smooth with the steel and wit the hands I'm like Frazier Okey doke yo bitch ass, then I take the cash and blast Never get caught, my trade mark is the black mask 226 tattoed on my over my heart This here mark means that I was down from the start Releasin them cop killers and body peelers I got ya, you bitch Now it's time for me to drop ya [Lil' Wayne] Head shots stop, complete 50 shots when our choppers scream Havin trouble this evenin Leavin the scene not breathin Me and the Hot Boyz ride Cheif and gettin high Beef and niggas die when me and the Hot Boyz ride Girlfriend under the seat, driver side of the Hummer Here comes the chopper drummer faster than a track runner Don't play the hard road 'cause the hard road will get you left On your way to the crossroads, no tomorrow for yourself Wettin your whole set and where I think ya be at Attackin your old hood and where ya people sleep at React, pure D-donkey, 'bout gettin funky Turk throw me the junk keep more ammo than an army Clips that's all extended leave you bended, rear ended SK's be sendin, slugs can't be defended There goes the arrival, chopper spits five more Screamin lets start the war 'cause we 'bout survival I gets loose, chopper, blast drastically, tragically Bloody, bloody bodies lie upon the ground raggedy You turn around I got that red light beamin bright You full of fright 'cause you know you might die tonight I gets tool it's, I'm ruthless, do more shootin this 'Bout gettin foolish, lose it, chopper, ready to shoot it The head buster, Apple and Eagle, B.G., still a sinner I got his body stank behind the Carrollton shoppin center [Juvenile] Baby, gimme the keys, gimme the G's, gimme the weed, gimme the mack-10 Let me see what's happenin, to me these niggas lackin Some tellin me felonies was commited, some was acquitted My destiny is to live not in jeopardy, to the death of me I provide knowledge that spread like a virus This a street orientation, you can't learn this in college You be fuckin around wit the keys if you aint rollin shit up I wish you niggas wit me, I would be sewin shit up Look, hide out in the cut Peep out Shot, Corey and Buck In an Expedition truck And brain fucked up from that dust Nigga, who trippin? I aint trippin, you trippin When I slap that clip in You shittin like stool pigeons That's my bitches, that's my riches, that's my niggas That's my yayyo, that's my scale That's my sale, that's my clientele This my block, this my rocks This my shop, this my Glock This my connection with the mob That's my partna black Saab This my people, that's my people That's hot rimmed Regal Ask my lawyer, I do it legal That's my credit card from Segal's This my cigar, this my weed This my Newport, this my reefer That's my old Alma Mater That's my uncle drinkin that bottle [Tec-9] Okay, I'm from that 3 and I don't give a fuck Nigga, I say murda, murda, what the fuck is up? Nigga better duck when I come around that bend, I'm 'bout that drama With the dirty 30, nose dirty And I'm from that 3 and I be gat totin I feel ya body full of lead Put you to bed And now another that done came up, fuck I plot and make sure that I don't miss the hit You up in ???, I got ya, I hurt ya Now I'm up in ya rest area, finish ya I come with a bouquet of flowers Within the bouquet of flowers is a 9 nickel plated to devour And motherfuck anybody tryin to get yo back They better be 'bout some comin around the men in black The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Lil' Wayne Album: Checkmate Song: I Know Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [B.G.] Okay First thing first - and for me that's n's I floss, so I know you gon' let me pimp Benz If I want it, no matter the cost, I'll get it It's mine, so I know you gon' let me spend it My clique made it known: we 'bout havin' things Sport diamonds, so I know you gon' let us bling B.G.: shut it down when I come through They say I'm wrong, but I know you gon' let me do what I do If I got it, I ain't gon' hide it - I show mine I know you gon' respect it, I know you gon' let me shine I know you ain't gon' step, I know you know I tote iron Quick to bust, and I know you don' wan' die You see eight Bentleys comin' on a late Sunday I know you know that's Cash Money Millionaires comin' We be layin' it down - don't give a fuck, nigga We're from uptown, so I know you gon' let us stunt, nigga [Lil' Wayne] Hey (Hey) Hey (Hey) Hey (Hey) Listen, listen: [Hook (Lil' Wayne)] I know you see the jewelry - it's berserk and on shine I know you see the bulge under the shirt - don't try I know you people wishin' that one day we gon' stop I know you recognize we got the game on lock I know you see the Bentleys, the broads, the Dubs I know you see the thugs - you don't wanna see no blood I know you people wishin' that one day we gon' stop I know you recognize we got the game on lock [B.G.] I know you bet' not open your mouth when I ride by I know you know this Lex GS on shine I spin through fast, wrist hangin' out the dropped Jag Blindin' ya - I know you gon' let me act bad I know you gon' let me go off, let me show my ass I know you gon' let me show off, make haters mad Got game to make your wife cheat, give me head Fuck your husband for Geezy - I know you gon' break bread I know you clowns don't like it, gotta accept it You don't, get wetted - I know you gotta respect it You don't want Geezy bringin' drama to your set'n' I know you don't want sis, Mom, and daughter in black dresses Please don't test me - you do, it get hectic I shoot for the head - don't depend on vests Now on the up and up I'm every bad bitch choice Don't be mad, I know you gon' let me be a hot boy [Lil' Wayne] Hey, hey, hey, hey [Hook (Lil' Wayne)] [B.G.] Hoes say I'm nasty - I know you gon' let me slang wood Say I changed - I'm rich, I know you gon' let me be good I'm the same ol' nigga I was when I was broke Still beef, so I know you gon' let me tote my four-four Now, you know what happened: tried to play me like a hoe We both can't live on this earth - one of us gotta go On the real, when it come to shinin', I'm nothin' nice You'll be blinded, and I know you don't like when I wear ice I know you gon' let me burn, I'm "h" "o" "t" I know you gon' let me be me - that's B.G. I know you gon' respect my clique: CMB I know you don't want beef with Juv, Turk, and Wheezy I know you don't wan' put your car next to Fresh or B I know you ain't got the price like them: ten a-piece I know you bet' stay in your place - don't fuck with us I know you ain't on our level 'cause we platinum plus [Lil' Wayne] Hey, hey (hey) hey (hey) hey (hey, hey) [Hook-2x (Lil' Wayne)] [Lil' Wayne] Lock, shop, bam, lock--down What! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Lil' Wayne, Juvenile Album: It's All On U Vol. 2 Song: I'm Tryin' Typed by: markthomas@netalpha.net Verse One: B.G. I'm tryin' to do right But I'm surrounded by wrong Avoid the all night flight And still make it on my own I'm tryin' be cool  Do what I gotta do But playa haters all over So I roll with my crew I'm tryin' stay over And just stay my ass in school Ain't many choices to choose And this rap game I can't refuse I wanna win don't want to be the one to loose My pistol my only friend Cause busters try to bring the blues Leavin brains with no clues Spin the ben in black clothes They tryin' ta' take my only life Leave my folks on the front row Bury me in providence Heavy weight that rose They wanna steal the B.G. Now tell me Alton Ain't that cold What can I do  Now what can I do to get out the game What can I do  Now what can I do to make change Every other day around my way niggas dyin' Hours flyin I want to go straight boy I'm tryin' -Chorus- (Juvenile) I'm tryin' to shake the monkey off of me Lord please let me go where I needs to be Ball 'till I fall it's a poor family Fo' sho' I know the future got a lot of stuff for me Verse Two: B.G. I'm tryin' to get my mail straight Sell cd's and tapes I don't want to be jail bait Niggas want to kill me And increase the hell rate They almost got me But I slip the spot it was too late I wanna be a role model for my lil' brother And buy a fifteen room manison for my mother Settle down wit' a silent hoe  And drop a tight seed So I can raise another uptown B.G. Just like me I'ma give 'em but I wish had a dad He goin' be smart and bad nigga Throwin' up a solga rag This world is kurupted The police is crooked My boy was runnin with a ??? gun His young life they took it This ??? is rotten Everyday it get's colder They throwin' away the key Sendin' the soldiers to angoula My round slangin' that yola With they hand on that iron To keep my mind right Beleive nigga I'm tryin' -Chorus- Verse Three: Lil' Wayne I'm tryin' to be a man at fourteen Choppin iron at fourteen' Nigga that tells my only way  (B.G.: Look where you stand at fourteen)  A lil' bity something Whuckin, representin' partners Ain't to good in my neighborhood Uptowns my partner I ain't lie i'm tryin  To go the right way But the night flight way Just ain't the right way I wan' be a gangsta but also wan' live So I choose to be a uptown HotBoy hard to kill Sittin' behind the cruiser wheel  Can't even see me I'm so lil' And you expect me to give this Just to switch to positive As hard as I'm tryin' do it I just can't make a shape School I'm tryin' go through it but I just can't make a shape Gettin' in beef that resultin' into serious gun slangin Do good I want yeah but on half i just keep hangin' I'm lookin for a change but change ain't lookin for me Will I remain a B.G.  Or a A student We'll see -Chorus- 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Lil' Wayne Album: It's All On U Vol. 1 Song: Let's Get Funky Typed by: markthomas@netalpha.net [B.G.] Choppers with drums Nigga thats how it comes Assualt rifles, extended clips Let you know where I'm from The names chopper city It's a city of niggas bout gettin funky wit' me  Keep they fingers on triggers Let's roll wit' a pistol I get out of control It's your family I put on rows, front row I'ma 223 grabber Bust or block hitter Project kidnapper Rookie nigga wig splitter Make copies for the rapture It's all on you nigga Oh, I'm comin for the capture What you wan' do nigga Mystikals who I'm after Grab yo' steel and shoot I'ma killer not a rapper Lil' Wayne, he bout it too I'ma snatch if you got it Told ya before ta' hide it Told ya if you hide it It's a must that I find it Ride or die bitch Chop or get chopped hoe B.G. split or get split  Play tha game how it go Shootin tha drop somethin' Glock or pop somethin' AK wit' fifty shots I tote it too stop somethin' Make it happen you's the punk I'll put you in the trunk ??? ???? you dunk nigga I bring funk Chorus: repeat 2X [Wayne] Lets get funky wit' these niggas [B.G.] Grab the triggas and blast [Wayne] Lets get filthy wit' these niggas [B.G.] Take they figures and dash [Wayne] Lets get serious with these niggas [B.G.] Grab the K's and bust, it's ten for one trust [Wayne] Retaliation a must [Lil' Wayne] Ah ah  Don't run yo' mouth enough for you to get back in me My gun clap ?? start spinnin' and take many Plenty of slugs hit you Can you picture a young rapper Fourteen ?? black master million dollar flapper Watch me set it off wit' my sawed off jumpin As I be when I be pumpin Frontin' gets you nothin' Runtin' catch a slug from the M-what'n You ain't bout natin'  Playa hater leave you bloody It's money and rearer Can't see clearly But ya' still hear me Four steps comin' quickly Can you feel me  Better kill me before you get done in It's real dog  But I got that red mark so when you come in Slugs somethin', seventeen up in the clip I keeps extra highly tips for the crum rip Should of chop-chop stop yo' whole block Let's get funky, you want me, I thinks not So much black clothing ???? you black-out All the lights go out  That's when all yo fight come out Bloody streaks to the UPT where you lays on I praise on, think you plays on, it's stays gone The things you lay on I can't even pay on  You got it, better hide it If you wanna keep it safe on  I rome to the top That's my spot, my place Jumpin' out a suitcase  Slugs chase to yo' face, ah Chorus 2X [Lil' Wayne] Ah, ah, ah, ha Now as I re-enter this scent and get into you These three dots, I plot and spot, then I shoot I keep a chopper under the medium Hilfiger I throw back punks, comin' out trunks to kill niggas I spill niggas, on the real nigga I gets dirty ??? ??? area ???? ???? dirty I know you heard me  But you lied tonight But you can't hide  It's written all over yo' face you easy to find Niggas front, scars all over they chest be starting to shine Like that Presidential Rolex reflex a million nine Gimme 'dat, all 'dat, and all black, that's my atire A tru rider, gettin' higher off uptown fire Remember me, tha little G never died Took one to the chest but the little G never died [B.G.] I'ma certified killer, million dollar nigger Any kind of gun trigger, clicker, playa hater nigga flipper Tangerie and juice sipper, disrespectin bitch flipper I'm bout drama off the top  You know that's on the foreal-a I get's loaded low down by a monkey So call me donkey Nigga think lame He would want to know I gets funky Beef kicked in a night parade Uptown was deep Nothin' ?? ?? bookoom be standin' on feet Now you know I run with ignorant niggas All of 'em wild Thousand of people out Fuck that sprayin' the crowd Ain't no time for doin' backin down From trigga play  Gotta closet of K's Ready to do it anyday Write grant after tenth Black grant I was tenths That's for Al and lil' Duga' Four deep in each in spinnin' ?? So twerk it up Handle yo' business Shoot or get shot I hit blocks wit' glocks  Nigga, get or get got In school I was a fool a young funky But on the streets I used 2's  Nigga, I gets funky Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Lil' Wayne, Juvenile Album: Chopper City in the Ghetto Song: Niggas N Trouble Typed by: Caddy24@aol.com Verse 1: Lil' Wayne Its Lil' Wayne (Lil' Wayne) on tha wall brain spilla Grave filla Who me untamed gorilla I be thugged out Dead bodies drugged out Throw the slugs out Love don't live here anymore I atillery dawg Came wit many foes Spend ya benz is twenty slow Get to tha house kick in tha door You done pissed off my crew What yall gone do Look nigga you better put a zip on yo trap Or you will get trapped When I creep through tha black in tha black on black Niggas be stumblin' And crumblin'  When we come They get curled up  Tear they world up When we come Now Slim and B with me Juve and B.G. with me Turk and Manny with me The CMB with me They lettin' loose Nigga be bout cha issue get lost in gun smoke Now I'm hangin' out the window screamin' there I go Me and my niggas in the 98 black Volvo And the diamonds bezeled ready I yes this me Ride with us come see Live with us HB What what (echo) (Chorus) 3x (B.G.) Niggaz in trouble cuz the Hotboy$ behind the trigger (Juvenile) You don't want a soldier you know we some guerillas (B.G.) Niggaz in trouble cuz the Hotboy$ is comin' through (Juvenile) Betta move or prepare to do what cha gotta do Verse 2: Juvenile I can't believe this these boys is playin' with me I'm bout ta freeze this I keep that K with me A nigga done played it raw thinkin' Ima hit that doe Gave the boy my lil change and I aint seen his face no moe What do you call that there playin' a nigga ha dawg The nigga thank its gravy but I'm bout ta break his block off When you see them boys you know I'm bustin' out ta druggin' out Don't be askin' who that is boy you better get the fuck Muthafucka could be located nigga could be touched I'll stab ya ass up And its up by the cut I keep my rees(reeboks) strapped on tight My mac ring all night People call the police cuz the say they can't sleep right Them lil muthafuckas be makin' that noise Them lil muthafuckas be slangin' it boy Them lil muthafuckas be in them hallways Them lil muthafuckas be bustin' all day My first word was God bless me and my crew  My last word was bitch let a nigga through I observe, the shit that muthafuckas do You got nerve, what if this shit happen to you Like the proverb, and it aint nothin' but that boom Now you got tha urge, to go and kill a nigga too But remember this  You started this So finish this When you grab yo shit You betta make sure that he hit (Chorus) 3x Verse 3: B.G. Everybody grab yo shit and slide it back Uptown is goin' down tonite cha bout that If not go yo bitch ass inside lock the door To be safe bullets come through if so get on the floor Me and my niggas got our black on ready ta ride We head huntin' so somebody's gonna die Homicide on tha scene three niggas pronounced smoked The HotBoy$ did that that clique there aint no joke We don't carry choppers for decoration nigga We carryin' ta send niggas on vactions nigga Takin' me ta play wit that aint a good solution I'm dust out cuz I done have a grab mike he tootin' Shootin' at niggas head tryin' ta knock it off Its a dirty game so I gotta play it raw In this warfield nigga you gotta be a killa Cuz on tha reala Nothin' out here but some gorillas My mind made up ta ride I'ma ride What I'm after nigga ta bust his ass he gone die Don't cry nor poppa plead now its too late Actin' like a bitch how is you gone get duct tape Tear'em up Juve don't kill'em now we gone wait Throw acid on his feet skeet gas all in his face Show'em how it feel ta disrespect a HB Show'em how we torture in tha UTP We got no love if ya outside tha clique nigga You get fucked over like a bitch nigga We gone play it real nigga do it like tha mob Cut his tongue out and stamp it mail it to his mom (Chorus)2x (B.G.) Niggaz in trouble (Juvenile) Niggaz in trouble (To End) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Hot Boys Album: Chopper City in the Ghetto Song: Play'n it Raw Typed by: Caddy@aol.com [Talking] B.G. I don't play  Shit real nigga This cut throat gotta play it raw Verse:1 Lil' Turk Gettin' killed aint no thang in the N.O. Some people live some people get smoked Life trap get crossed up by them dog hoes Like shit get masked out over dog hoes Really doe Bullet holes be so big Innocent bystanders get hit even little kids Niggas be lookin' like they at a shootin' range Don't give a fuck who they hittin' they just do they thang Bullets be coastin' like birds in a flock Hit yo block With camouflage nigga gone get got A hundred shots flippin' you can get away Gettin' chopped losin' they life by the A.K. Everyday niggas at war niggas dyin' Thats yo ass if you don't have it on yo waste line Kickin' N.O.playin' by no rules realah  Like B.G. whatever you do its all on you realah Verse:2 Juvenile It musta been meant for me ta be rich Only my dead niggas could of live to see this I appreciate what the lord gave to me But I don't appreciate is how these niggas be hatin' me What is it is it the car is it the jewels Is it the shoes Or do you want to see what a nigga gone do I know a nigga plottin' up ta jack me Or nab me Thats why when I ride on my lap be The strap piece Don't try ta jam one tha oneway dawg Look cuz you aint gettin' away without no gunplay fall You gone be in a hospital a.k.a. we never close In a morge with a tag on yo toe Believe this fuck with me I aint gone let it go I'm a preach this up until the moment i'm on momo I follow my first rhyme cuz at no second chance of life Either niggas out cha bustin' heads for stripes Bullshit I aint for it so get cha business I'm a hurt one of you bitches Let the lord be my witness Verse:3 Lil' Wayne What yall don't know Lil' Wayne the nigga from hind ta grow Quick ta strap up and ride play the blunt and lets go (what) What yall niggas thank Wayne aint bad Lil' baby boy thuggin' tote a K foe sag I be up in all black behind the ski mask Outside ya complex duckin' waitin' ta blast I'll kick yo ass if too many questions And I'll catch a nigga cut with two S.Ks. Yall fake like two large silicon breasts What you forgot head busts leave bloody messes I leave dreadlocks in ya tennis Buck, boys better lay it down when i'm spittin' Put it like this in the primetime of the night you can try ta come in But cha can't go and split it ha ha (laughing) get it Better watch and ya mentionin' fluid ya mouth Better rearrange ya system Yall niggas want beef look and what  Me and Lil' Tolie in tha fire lettin' tha cash buck So what ya scared now ha punk leave tha street Beat cha meat Do sumin get from 'round me Lil shy you really thank its a game bruh Let me show ya when them hotboys play tha game raw (what) Verse:4 B.G. Ya got some keys I come ta duct tape ya and rope ya Stay low  My chopper gone let loose and super soak ya fa sho I gets low down and dirty for my cheese Ya know B.G. roll with 'bout it H.Bs. We strapped Get flipped up around and get kidnapped Where its at Don't bring me to a bukah you'll get capped Its like that I won't mine just like you want yurn I gotta get my shine on cuz I feel like its my turn Fuck a bitch My money is way more important I'm behind tha tints On a mission tryin' ta get it And I won't stop 'til I got it all in one pile The got a hit over a nigga head for fifteen thou I'm goin' out  To tha house  Where he lay at I'm goin' prawl around the club where he play at I'm a get with him  Split him Put his heart in a jar Go get his bitch from the bar Collect my money from the boss I play it raw nigga (Chorus) Lil' Wayne Hot Boy$ play tha game raw nigga Hot Boy$ play tha game raw nigga Hot Boy$ play tha game raw nigga Ya slip up when ya thank its a game Cuz them  Cuz them Hot Boy$ nigga They they play tha game raw nigga What what  Huh huh What Hot Boy$ play tha game raw nigga Hot Boy$ play tha game raw nigga Hot Boy$ play tha game raw nigga Hot Boys play tha game raw nigga Don't slip up play tha game raw nigga Get flipped up play tha game raw nigga Set split up play tha game raw nigga What Hot Boy$ play tha game raw nigga What What  Ha what What what What what Talking: Thats how it is uh huh Its real what Play tha game raw nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Lil' Wayne, Turk Album: It's All On U Vol.1 Song: Ride 2 Night Typed by: markthomas@netalpha.net Verse One: Lil' Wayne Head buster off top Grab the chopper and chop At the top is my spot And nigger it's flip or get flopped Let it drip or get dropped I represent uptown I 50 round on clowns I turn smiles into frowns I from the place of places I be the ace of aces You can't beat the B.G. I went the race of races Solga box I lace it Yo' spots in the world i takes it Bulldog barrel I shakes it Cashmoney boy paper chaser Evil look in my eyes Close shirts you die Camofauge dark sky bi-bi-bye-bye you die I make all rules in the game I break all rims to blame I swang benz with that thang Ready to let my nuts hang Nigga duck or ya' stuck When the choppers releasin Lettin' out them optimo demons screamin' red demon From the uptown region and I'm here to represent it Benz I'm spittin all black with a camafaluge ?? Seven gold darts street smart smarter than Eurkel Let's go fist to fist knuckles turn purple when I work you I ride a night rounds be tight  I'll be light hotter than a candle, handle Look, so shine the light I just might catch you set so (Watch Out)  you topped get chopped ya get wet so watch out Um, me and you two for two what you gon' do  You flex with two-two  Watch a soldier shoot how you do (Chourus)1x Niggas goin' die tonight  Heads goin' fly tonight  When we ride tonight Verse Two: Turk Pimp niggas  Fuck hoes Split wigs if i have to be cool Don't put a mask on ya' face just be yo' self Try provin' ??? to yo niggas my get dealt I got a click that's stronger that pneumonia bitch Untamed Gorillas play wit' choppers ain't takin no shit Don't underestimate nigga cause i'm young Have you heard that age ain't nothin' but a num and nothin but a thang So if you get banged that's all on u  I spits more bullets than Bone Thugs speak to you Leavin' blood stains in the middle of the streets Stank niggas can't let them fuckin niggas sprankle me Gank niggas i'm always labeled at the top rank nigger I gotta chopper named Frank and it hate niggas Stank niggas it gets the J-O-B done  You better run cause when bust it's just like fun Treat bitch niggas like a stepson Unload reload bookah bookah the chopper come The chest magaler Neck strangeler Uptown slanger Brain untangeler, ya heard me Verse Three: Bullet Gotta uh chop with fifty shots  Ready for combat Fifty shots in my gak leave a bitch nigga wet Flat wit a bars head what you know about that A hot boy hittin' yo' set like a bad wreck Wear a vest you could do that I got some bullets comin' through that Two clips take ?? full off highly tips The glock nine automatic ? speed ?? I fuck wit' ballers and killers ask Suga Slim and B-3 Fresh ordered twenty keys turned them over to me Hot Boys and i'm gonna put in that UPT For shittie, get wit' me, og's falls for halves A-T's kicked in the lab twenty G's worth of slabs A-hundred G's and snaps two crazy AK's My people got kayed so i'll be home in two days Suga slim and Baby got the charges threw away Gave the judge a half a minute told 'dem have a nice day Suga slim and Baby got the charges threw away Gave the judge a half a minute told 'dem have a nice day Now i'm back street i'm doin the same ol' thang A young nigga bout my change so i'm lettin my nuts hang I run with ten ward niggas Bout it all real niggas In the steel for real nigga (Chorus) Verse Four: B.G. I be quick wit choppers Splittin heads for nothing Big Tyme hustlaz flow short and frontin I'm bout money and power Nigga birds and bitches Collecting riches and eliminating snitches bodies in ditches ??? keep a price it can't no better You know you ain't never got a deal like this ever Baby Gangster uptown representer Cuttin' shit up chop you down off top you'll remember I be spinnin the binnin  No laughin no grinnin Drop my nuts twerk it up bitch i'm all in in I ain't cuttin no corner I come straight and direct I'll put in a nigga chest you gotta give me respect Fifty shots with an extra clip that's how i do I gotta choosin menu and playa its all on u Baby drop it to me on the DL And I drop to all my niggas on VL Put that coke in they life Let them shine and floss  Young boss get tossed  If caught up in the cross Hot Boys, fourteens and sixteens thuggin Put the icin on the cake get caught up catch a sluggin, nigga (Chorus to end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. (Baby Gangsta) f/ Juvenile, Lil' Wayne Album: It's All On U Vol. 2 Song: Ride or Die Typed by: HotBoi226@aol.com [B.G.] Uptown is my home, thats where I do my dirt I either hurt or get hurt It's me or you on that shirt Cant let no nigga fix me Cant let no nigga get me I'ma draw and hit first, I cant let no nigga split me Had my momma upset Nigga, leave my ho pussy wet I'm goin out with a fight, my chopper bullets eject  I gets blowed and start Ready to unload at war  No witnesses  You cant get on the stand and say you saw nothin bout nothin Keep it shut or you dead If you cant hush, open your mouth and you'll get ten in your head That's how I play it nigga, I'll blackmail you wit you rown life It aint right, disrespect you die on site  That aint no might, that's a fact You can believe that Instead disrespect, i promise to be back And clear the corner, you cant run, dont try I'm high, bout mine ready to ride or die bitch [Lil Wayne] Load it up with black gats and macs Pay attention to gun blastin  And fake buster harassin Smashin, dashin up yo street wit all the lights out  Two choppers cocked ready to knot  And chop up yo block Lock all doors and keep windows closed Cause we done rolled before So stay on the floor We ride deep in the all black camaro Sittin on mo's  And we rolls tokin on fat optimos You chose to test those uptown boys You done got on a straight ride and cant get off Lets all get a stolen car And roll through they ward When it's dark We spark, pull up then draw You done falled in war Got in a big brawl Thought hard but you wrong So you still get scarred Y'all boys done played wit some all out kill niggas Jump in hot cars, cut the deck then deal niggas Still niggas for testin these big lil niggas Still niggas for messin with these real trill niggas Young niggas, chopper totin big gun niggas Front nigga and live your life on the run nigga Stunt nigga and get plugged, drug through the mud Puddles of blood flood You cant swim so you done Niggas start to look And see the all black crook Some booked, some get high Some hot on one foot Spots gettin took, whole bodies gettin dropped Niggas hop, jock, and flock  When I hit they block (Chorus) So ride or die bitch Chop or get chopped ho B.G., split or get split Play the game how it go(4x) [Juvenile] Why is you sayin them words, bo janglin, why dont you show yo face Would you dust me or somthin, you must know you gonna catch a case I'm a straight head bust ya Seperate and destruct ya Dont wanna have no Juvey wanna make a ghost or few What am I'm supposed to back down or somthin cause you got a lil click All that frownin and reppin shit Gone get ya down in a devil ditch Never miss, I be drivin niggas wit cleverness Momma used to say this Use your mind and stay rich Pops used to say boy dont let them niggas see your weakness If a fool get outta line with you knock him off his feet quick Why is you showin yo teeth you dont speak Stay on your side of the street, you cant be mobb'n with me  I cant have no bitches followin me Gotta Mac-10 and you aint even bust back And your boy got hit in the back  What type of nigga is that (Hook) That's why I stay in all black Get the Mac and go back You done fucked wit C-M-R-ah They'll be no tommorrow(2x) (Chorus) [B.G.] Get you a chopper and tote it Dont just buy it to have it Nigga have it to use it Better grab it and shoot it Better know one thing nigga will do it to you Before you do it to them to survive, gotta be true Nigga think just cause we squashed that beef, thats it You might be thinkin like me, I think forgive and dont forget  I gotta trick under my sleeve Ridin four deep wit artillary Me and Tootie, Papa, and Cleeve  It's an unsolved mystery I'm a fly til I got ya, yo peoples eyes watery  I hit a artery Bein real to CMB, it's a part of me  Cross me I charge you wit some flamin hot heat  Two twenty-three blazed all in yo chest Brain waves you dazed up You see death stare you straight in your face Get waked up cause I left ya stretch for the hurse I take no chance for you to ride, nigga I ride first (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Lil' Wayne, Mr. Ivan Album: True Story Song: True Story Typed by: Ltsjet@aol.com [Mr. Ivan] Right now we got a lil' youngsta Lil' Doogie, from the B.G.'z Do what'cha gotta do mane Say what'cha gotta say Wayne [Lil' Wayne] The rhymes you are about to hear are true [Mr. Ivan] This some true shit. [First Verse-B.G.] Shoulda killed you bitches when we heard that song Tipped it on, talkin' bout 6th & Baronne When the fuckin' lights on up early in the mornin' ,  All that muthafuckin' creepin' Pissin' on the set when a nigga Dee, sleepin' Pussy ass You know you can't survive, You was creepin' through that third, you must don't know it's do or die Now that nigga on my list A P-poppin' bitch no disresp P-Poppin' bitch no disresp P-poppin', P-Poppin', P-Poppin' bitch no disrespect to the tenth But there's a pussy in your face and they can suck and dick Ridin' and slidin' with all that workin' and twerkin' You can't be no "G", cuz a "G" not down wit jerkin' Them niggas always comin' with that play, You want some real drama, why don't you bring that shit our way? Cuz I'm a Baby Gangsta down for that street funk, Stuntin' in a concert, take it to the fuckin' trunk Talkin' all that bullshit, talkin' all that shit on wax, Talkin' all that yak-yak, but I'ma split your Kool-Aid pack bitch I got my pistol close at hand, this for the REAL, Real pussies in the can [Bridge One-Lil Wayne/Mr. Ivan] The rhymes you are about to hear are true. This some true shit. [Verse Two-B.G.] Chuck fuckin' them niggas at niggggggggggght They doin' bad and slangin' rhymes at the same time, ain't lyin'! Now this nigga is a muthafuckin' dick beater Heard at Corn(?) he was a muthafuckin' cheerleader Fuckin' wit a B.G., best believe you will get served I'ma leavin' ya muthafuckin' thinking cap on the curb Chuck got some mail? Cuz oh yes, I'm comin' to get'cha And if I don't get 20 G's I'ma split'cha, I'm a murderer, server, nigga come try to test Had to put'em to rest, no vest but one to the chest But uh, you know you done fucked up don't cha? Like Yella said, you mad cuz Ca$h Money didn't want'cha Let's move across that water strapped with that A.K. They got some wannabe crips, wanna bang, go to L.A. Now you can claim, the East, North, West, or South Mystikal fool, you can pump this dick right in your mouth Them niggas be rappin', very much trippin' Talkin' all that nonsense, slippin' talkin' bout they be crippin' But it's like this, watch out before you get bucked I'm tellin' coward ass niggas to raise up, raise up, raise up [Third Verse-B.G.] At first he was a cheerleader now he ain't that nigga to fuck wit That goes to show you studio yeah that nigga buck quick You duck sick when I catch'cha, you best to start to runnin', Cuz I'm comin', start duckin', cuz I'm bustin', and pluckin' Fuck it Chuck, you big trick, you hoe bitch, Puttin' stank hoes in apartments and shit And ummm, them niggas who help you get the money you straight FUCK EM When check time come, they gets nothin', you pluck em And y'all hoes for lettin' him take it, Hard rolled and fake it, Niggas best to look like skatin' Now back to this muthafuckin' Mystikal bitch You wanna jump on a nigga like a morphodyke come jump on the dick That's enough of this hoe shit on the real If you don't spit "G" shit with skillz you can't pay bills I make mils I close the shop for them niggas wanna shine Sign on my nine when I put it on your mind into your spine Don't whine, niggas can't handle me not hard I'm the bitch who came to fuck up the party When I catch'cha I'ma kill ya don't worry,  This is another part of that fuckin' true story [4th Verse-B.G.] Partners you bet not do no crime, Get no time and go to JAIL Cuz in that two man cell, best believe you gone get NAILED Mystikal you'z a hoe, it's time I Iet'cha know Y'all ain't ready for Local five, got a boot camp fulla hoes I'm gat totin', ready to leave your heart open Bullets floatin', hot nine chambers smokin' Uptown, ya bound to get y'all wig split Y'all represent a 17th set that don't even exist Now that's a shame, you reppin' just to get a name You can't survive in this game cuz you niggas lame I'm ready to take it to some "G" shit, street shit Where caps get peeled, and wigs bound to get split I'm off Valence, ain't no doubt this B.G. ain't real I'm bout to *hic* hiccup some bullets out my fuckin' steel Peel, make niggas kneel, bow down From this clown that's gonna put you six in the ground. It's time a nigga put Big Boy where the fuck they belong Rollin' wit Tec-9 best believe it's on Raise up, raise up, raise up, raise up, raise up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Lil' Wayne Album: Checkmate Song: You Know How We Do Typed by: ice_man504@yahoo.com [Lil' Wayne] (Gibberish noises) Look, look, look I pass with the top off like my car was named Lil' Kim The lil pimp hopped out wrist lookin like a skittles blimp Do not introduce me to your chic, that'll get her flip I'ma try not to mention that I'm rich, but it'll slip I really whipped the Z doin' a hundred and thirty Come back doin 25 in a hunter Excursion Open mouth and it'll beam like the sun is emergin  When I'm out, women scream like they thumbin a virgin Hummers be swervin like I'm passin y'all in speeding go-carts  She think she look like a basketball season score chart Hotter than a damn blow torch, you see me sizzlin When your freak be missin, I got her twurkin n she be whistlin  Piece be glistenin every time it get a light reaction  Despite the braggin my chest brighter than Michael Jackson BMW motorcycle drag racing dawg That playas raw call'em "Lil' Wayne the Don" [Chorus 2X: Lil' Wayne] When we come through you know how we do, dog (shoo, shoo) up the insterstate with the roof off We be shinin in diamonds very blue, dog Just the life in the ice'll make ya cool off [B.G.] Damn, I like to rep, I like to shine, I like to look good [Lil' Wayne] B.Geezy let them niggas know [B.G.] I come through in somethin new, hoes hollerin' "Look at him!" That be the Hot Boy they call "Bling Bling Slim" Park the whip crooked, grab the heat, jump out Everybody lookin and sayin "damn he iced out" The chain I got on costs more than your dream house Presidential Roley, don't even want talk about Say whodi look at your bitch - she drooling from the mouth Wanna ride wit lil' B.G. and wildout Don't trip, let her come dip wit me dawg I share them lips wit Weezy 'til she get locked jaws I'm a fool wit it, niggas know but don't want admit it It's cool, long as you respect me, I'm chillin Cross the line I draw for ya - it's a killin It's gonna be click, clack blucka, blucka brain spillin Until then I'm reppin, Stuntin flossed out You see me if you up north and I'm down south [B.G.] Nigga don't think I changed, I grew up doin good Still: fuck, chill, and get my hair cut in the hood Never forget where I come from, I'm too real  Never for get the days I had to get it how I live But it's better now; I'm on another level now I got cheddar now; I got my shit together now I'm livin swell nigga, I'm givin hoes hell nigga My broad is in order, I refuse to fail nigga Benzos, Beamers, and Bentleys Man I'm ballin, go to a dice game wit a hundred G's Lose it - laugh about it - nigga like me don't miss it Make a phone call get my bitch to come bring me 50 True that, it's all gravy, I get that there from Baby  When I struggle niggas love me - now they can't take me But as long as they don't fuck wit me - I don't worry bout'em But if they fuck wit me - you gone have to worry bout'em (Gibberish noises sounding like the chorus) Just the life in the ice'll make ya cool off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Lil' Wayne, Juvenile Album: I Got That Work Song: #1 Stunna Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com [Baby] Nigga can't out-stunt me when it come to these fuckin' cars, nigga Believe that! You know me - I don't need no introduction and shit Ride Bentley's 'round the city on buttons, ya bitch Arm hangin', wrist blingin' - just stun'n and shit Drop the top, block is hot Stay bumpin', ya bitch B. Atrice get it right, don't tangle and twist it Hit the club every night, drunk - drinkin' that Crissy Niggas mad - don't like it 'cause I'm bangin' they bitches When the light hit the ice, it twankle and glistens Baby, Brian, B, Bubba - you can call me what you feel Hoppin' out the platinum Hummer with the platinum grill With the platinum pieces, and the platinum chains With the platinum watches, and the platinum rings (platinum rings) Nigga shit ain't changed, still doin' my thing Still do it for the block - nuts hang and swing You don't know another nigga that can stunt like me (stunt like me) Big Tymer representin', nigga - the U.P.T. (Hook [Baby + Lil' Wayne]) [Baby] I'ma a hard stun'n nigga like Evil Knievel [Wayne] Jumpin' out Lex's and Hummers - showin' off for my people [Baby] I'm the # 1 stunna! [Wayne] Wh-what, wh-what, what? [Baby] The # 1 stunna! [Wayne] Wh-what, wh-what, what? [Baby] James Bond, Jackie Chan, and that bitch, MacGyver [Wayne] Private planes, Jaguars, Bentley's, and Prowlers [Baby] I'm the # 1 stunna! [Wayne] Wh-what, wh-what, what? [Baby] The # 1 stunna! [Wayne] Wh-what, wh-what, what? [Baby] I put dubs on cars - when I ride, I'm fly We thugs, not stars, bitch - ride or die Put bricks on blocks, nigga - cooked and cut Juvy 'bout to hold the rocks, nigga, hook it up Diamonds on my hoes' feet - when they walk, they spark Diamonds in my fuckin' teeth - when I talk, I spark Don't fuck around with beef - when it start, I spark Me and my Hot Boy creeps - when it's dark, we spark Just bought a new car, and I spent about a million The motherfuckin' driver seat sittin' in the middle Me and my son, Wheezy, got a house by the water I'll be fuckin' bad bitches (bad bitches, bad bitches) [Lil' Wayne] I be hittin' they daughters [Baby] I like my dick sucked fast [Lil' Wayne] I like to play with them rookies [Baby] I like to fuck 'em in they ass while he beat up the pussy I'm the number-one stunna - you don't want my shit I'ma stunt 'til I die, bitch, the shit don't quit (Hook [Baby + Lil' Wayne]) [Juvenile] Baby, pop the Cryst-al, and shine the jew-els Get the Cadillac from Sewell with twenty-inch L's [Lil' Wayne] Boss B., Slow down in the Jag, you lost me [Baby] {tires squeal} Slow down, Wayne - you know that's all on me [Lil' Wayne] But you know how slow the new Rolls Royce be Come on - you know how slow the new Rolls Royce be [Juvenile] Baby, give me the ki's, give me the weed, give me the G's, give me the Mack-10 Let me see happenin' To me, these niggas laggin' [Lil' Wayne] What's up, Boss B. You ever got beef with a busta, you can call me You know I keep a "blucka-blucka" Hit 'em all week Give me the keys to the bubble I'm on y'all street Juvenile (Juvenile) [Juvenile] Baby, let me get the keys to the Rover Truck Man, let me get this beef shit over, bruh [Lil' Wayne] But wait, My nigga, Baby - he live on chrome My nigga, Baby - he get his shine on (Hook2x [Baby + Lil' Wayne]) [Baby {talking}] Now, it's plain and simple, nigga I ain't met a nigga yet could fuck with these Cash Money Hot Boys with these cars, nigga See that new Monte Carlo, that's hot and on fire that my dog, Fresh, had first We got 'em on dubs That Lexus - the new one - that come out in 2001 with the frog eyes I got that bitch on dubs And that Yu- the new Yukon, that's bubble-eye I got that bitch on dubs And that Mercedes Wagon, with the kit, that's kitted out look like it got frog eyes That bitch on dubs And I got that Benz that me and my dog bought for our bitches We got this shit here on dubs We all drive Bentley's on dubs I'm tryin' to put platinum eyebrows on these hoes I just bought me a platinum football field, nigga Ya understand? Don't fuck with me with these cars, nigga (at all, playboy) We the number-one stunnas, nigga (Nigga, we don't give a fuck) Got that Viper with them rattlin stripes, with that kit Ya understand? We ain't playin' TV's in all our shit Believe that, playboy (Fuck your whole hood up) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Lil' Wayne, Juvenile Album: I Got That Work Song: #1 Stunna Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com [Baby] Nigga can't out-stunt me when it come to these fuckin' cars, nigga Believe that! You know me - I don't need no introduction and shit Ride Bentley's 'round the city on buttons, ya bitch Arm hangin', wrist blingin' - just stun'n and shit Drop the top, block is hot Stay bumpin', ya bitch B. Atrice get it right, don't tangle and twist it Hit the club every night, drunk - drinkin' that Crissy Niggas mad - don't like it 'cause I'm bangin' they bitches When the light hit the ice, it twankle and glistens Baby, Brian, B, Bubba - you can call me what you feel Hoppin' out the platinum Hummer with the platinum grill With the platinum pieces, and the platinum chains With the platinum watches, and the platinum rings (platinum rings) Nigga shit ain't changed, still doin' my thing Still do it for the block - nuts hang and swing You don't know another nigga that can stunt like me (stunt like me) Big Tymer representin', nigga - the U.P.T. (Hook [Baby + Lil' Wayne]) [Baby] I'ma a hard stun'n nigga like Evil Knievel [Wayne] Jumpin' out Lex's and Hummers - showin' off for my people [Baby] I'm the # 1 stunna! [Wayne] Wh-what, wh-what, what? [Baby] The # 1 stunna! [Wayne] Wh-what, wh-what, what? [Baby] James Bond, Jackie Chan, and that bitch, MacGyver [Wayne] Private planes, Jaguars, Bentley's, and Prowlers [Baby] I'm the # 1 stunna! [Wayne] Wh-what, wh-what, what? [Baby] The # 1 stunna! [Wayne] Wh-what, wh-what, what? [Baby] I put dubs on cars - when I ride, I'm fly We thugs, not stars, bitch - ride or die Put bricks on blocks, nigga - cooked and cut Juvy 'bout to hold the rocks, nigga, hook it up Diamonds on my hoes' feet - when they walk, they spark Diamonds in my fuckin' teeth - when I talk, I spark Don't fuck around with beef - when it start, I spark Me and my Hot Boy creeps - when it's dark, we spark Just bought a new car, and I spent about a million The motherfuckin' driver seat sittin' in the middle Me and my son, Wheezy, got a house by the water I'll be fuckin' bad bitches (bad bitches, bad bitches) [Lil' Wayne] I be hittin' they daughters [Baby] I like my dick sucked fast [Lil' Wayne] I like to play with them rookies [Baby] I like to fuck 'em in they ass while he beat up the pussy I'm the number-one stunna - you don't want my shit I'ma stunt 'til I die, bitch, the shit don't quit (Hook [Baby + Lil' Wayne]) [Juvenile] Baby, pop the Cryst-al, and shine the jew-els Get the Cadillac from Sewell with twenty-inch L's [Lil' Wayne] Boss B., Slow down in the Jag, you lost me [Baby] {tires squeal} Slow down, Wayne - you know that's all on me [Lil' Wayne] But you know how slow the new Rolls Royce be Come on - you know how slow the new Rolls Royce be [Juvenile] Baby, give me the ki's, give me the weed, give me the G's, give me the Mack-10 Let me see happenin' To me, these niggas laggin' [Lil' Wayne] What's up, Boss B. You ever got beef with a busta, you can call me You know I keep a "blucka-blucka" Hit 'em all week Give me the keys to the bubble I'm on y'all street Juvenile (Juvenile) [Juvenile] Baby, let me get the keys to the Rover Truck Man, let me get this beef shit over, bruh [Lil' Wayne] But wait, My nigga, Baby - he live on chrome My nigga, Baby - he get his shine on (Hook2x [Baby + Lil' Wayne]) [Baby {talking}] Now, it's plain and simple, nigga I ain't met a nigga yet could fuck with these Cash Money Hot Boys with these cars, nigga See that new Monte Carlo, that's hot and on fire that my dog, Fresh, had first We got 'em on dubs That Lexus - the new one - that come out in 2001 with the frog eyes I got that bitch on dubs And that Yu- the new Yukon, that's bubble-eye I got that bitch on dubs And that Mercedes Wagon, with the kit, that's kitted out look like it got frog eyes That bitch on dubs And I got that Benz that me and my dog bought for our bitches We got this shit here on dubs We all drive Bentley's on dubs I'm tryin' to put platinum eyebrows on these hoes I just bought me a platinum football field, nigga Ya understand? Don't fuck with me with these cars, nigga (at all, playboy) We the number-one stunnas, nigga (Nigga, we don't give a fuck) Got that Viper with them rattlin stripes, with that kit Ya understand? We ain't playin' TV's in all our shit Believe that, playboy (Fuck your whole hood up) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Lil' Wayne & Juvenile Album: How You Luv That? Song: Cutlass, Monte Carlo's, & Regals Typed by: Sephirth1@aol.com Started with.... Cutlass, Monte Carlo's, & Regals, man To Surburbans, Expeditions, with the T.V.'s playin' Cutlass, Monte Carlo's, & Regals, man To Surburbans, Expeditions, with the T.V.'s playin' [Manny Fresh] In 1988, when my grandfather passed He left me a Monte Carlo and a large amount of cash It was, bubble gum blue with the leather plush seats And I just can't thank you enough for all the stuff that you done, G See my grandmother told me take care of the ride And always do your best to keep it clean inside So I just past the go and get the candy paint Leather white, outta sight, that made the girls faint See my partner, Eric, he got stereos And my partner, Steve got true and bolds And my dog, Black got european fronts And this nigga named Duke hook up all the humps I had a illegal Regal and it was so tight And if ya touch it then a whole civil war was gon' rise So I just count my blessings and I thank the lord For ghetto cars and these broads when times was so hard My grandfather lookin' and I'm ridin' straight Man, I got the Suburban swervin' with the 4 T.V.'s playin' [Lil' Wayne] Hail baby, Cardion and the Kompressor 20 inch cyl-inders on the Lexus Hummer got sound that'll blow your eardrums Lotus with 4 pipes nigga, listen I ride Q5 on factory It don't matter, your ol' lady still after me My name gon' rang all over, dawg Cause I got 6 ties on the Range Rover, dawg Buy a nickel, baby, wha? Live on chrome Buy a nickel, baby, he get his shine on But, hold up, when I pass in the stretch They gotta catch they breath Fresh law, girl, weed hotter than a kitchen In a big Bourbon, VCR's, television El Camino's, twistin' on bees '87 Regals, Impala's, Cherokee's Expeditions, Benzes, Navigator, Humvee's What dawg? Cut dawg, on 17's Woood grain, 15 double o Me and Rabid on momos, lord, bless his soul Now we ridin' up the block, the Caravan Expeditions and Surburbans with the T.V.'s playin' [Baby] Fuckin' right, I used to play in MCT's Nowadays, Playboys ridin' Benzes Back in '87, Maniac mixed tapes Soniac Park, everyday, Super Sunday My homeboy Fresh, done changed the rims He gotta satellite on top to talk to out of state friends '88 was my year, 14 with 12 G's Monte Carlo's ridin' on 18's It's '98 and I done flipped the script Thangs that changed, Baby gotta lotta shit [Juvenile] I ain't gotta lie, nigga like me was ridin' the bus I been to the guy with CMR-ah A nigga was catchin' the cut Them bitches, they won't holla Them niggas, they mo' holla Got all the empower from people I get showered The woman on the porch sayin', Ain't that go Wayne, boy? That boy be on T.V. too, ain't that the same boy?" Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Ludacris, Lil Wayne, Jazzy Pha Album: Big Money Heavyweight Song: Down South Typed by: dtp2inc@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Yeahh.. scene so thick Talkin bout OutKast, Organized, Rap-A-Lot Nuttin but that U.G.K. All the playas All the hustlers Eightball, MJG, Goodie Mob Y'all know what it is [Ludacris] See I'm a Southern ass nigga with some Southern ass hos A hundred thou cash gets the Southern ass flow I'm rich bitch no more runnin round cold Or shootin up windows and gunnin down doors Oh, yea I think the suckas now know That the hummer got dropped keep it on the down low I'm cruisin up highways, stunnin down roads I'll open up shop then I'm shuttin down shows Luda cash cheques that'll break the bank Then I'm in the Old School like Frank the Tank You can't beat me join me, petes they bore me But all the Southern asses they keep me horny Oooh, Big Tymers in a private jet Got the head of Universal to sign the cheque Meanwhile Ludacris is out arrangin rovers Every coast watch out cuz the south's takin over Uhh [Mannie Fresh  Chorus] Caddie Devils Wood steerin wheels Got that chromed out lady on top of the grill With your foot in the gas Nigga whippin out cash Just blowin the grass (That's Southern cousin) Caddie Devils Wood steerin wheels Got that chromed out lady on top of the grill With your foot in the gas Nigga whippin out cash Just blowin the grass (And you thought it wasn't) [Lil Wayne] Ay ay Weezy the god bow down give praises I'm easy involved with the drugs in my matrix Just keepin it calm kickin dubs from my laces I'm puckin a dre in the escalade basic Don't you fuckin play cuz I escapade faces Buck fifty a gram quickly I'm real shifty Come get me I'll be waitin the steel with me Show appreciation for those who still with me Throw a heap of gravy at those who still envy Cuz Weezy f baby all gravy gotta feel me Heh heh, feel me Lil' Weezy gat go blakah Feel heat feel sleepy, here's your mattress Chill, I'm still street deep, I got access Young and play hard with no practice Feelin me is like huggin a cactus But if you know pain you take it love it and patch it South side [Mannie Fresh  Chorus] Caddie Devils Wood steerin wheels Got that chromed out lady on top of the grill With your foot in the gas Nigga whippin out cash Just blowin the grass (That's Southern cousin) Caddie Devils Wood steerin wheels Got that chromed out lady on top of the grill With your foot in the gas Nigga whippin out cash Just blowin the grass (And you thought it wasn't) [Mannie Fresh] Got Southern type jeans, Southern type shirt When I drank a lot of beer give a Southern ass burp Got Southern ass crib, Southern ass car Down where I'm from I'm a Southern ass star Got Southern ass chain, Southern ass brain Where I talk a lotta shit with a Southern ass slang On any Southern beat got a bunch of Southern freaks Buck naked outside neighbors callin police Got a little Southern boy with a little Southern bike Got a little Southern girlfriend that he'd like Got a Southern ass truck with a Southern ass dog Got a big big system knockin pictures off the wall Got a big Southern party drivin big seven forty Me and Jazzy Phae cutting on some Southern shortys I'ma be Southern til the day I go From my head to my belly to my knees to my toes [Baby] I'm a Southern ass nigga that that grew up hard Uptown third ward nigga blow up a car I'm the Southern ass nigga with the golds in my mouth New cars new rims with the work in the drop I'm a fool, I'm the dude, Mannie fresh the shit Two ghetto ass niggas now to flip a brick Well I'm stunna homeboy and I'm filthy rich Super fly get money in the drop top six I'm a Southern ass nigga that could blow in the sky Good weed, twenty threes on that brand new ride I'm a big money nigga with a boat on the lake M-I-A and A-T-L we do it state to state I'm a Southern ass nigga drive fifty whips Ten bikes customized everything we get I'm a fly nigga money and my jewels be glistenin Twenty fours on the Bentley and we blues them bitches nigga [Jazzy Phae] Four on the whips Southern cousin Home in the hills Southern cousin Chromes and Devils Southern cousin Home cooked meals Southern cousin Woooo When I'm a old school, shine up the wheels Feet on the mink floors, how does it feel Wood on the console, chrome on the grill When you come down here you know what it is Wooooo (fade out) Four on the whips Southern cousin Home in the hills Southern cousin Chromes and Devils Southern cousin Home cooked meals Southern cousin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Larell, Lil Wayne Album: How You Luv That? Vol. 1 Song: Drivin 'Em Typed by: rap_beatz2k@yahoo.com [Mannie Fresh] Drivin in a Benz, in the nest Coming in this motherfucker, turning motherfuckin necks Going back in the superstretch Just checkin how many fly bitches I can catch Ride motherfucker and you gonna know Seeing some ladies hanging out the window Let the interior look reign 18 inches whippers look like so much pain I'ma mac like Moley the one and only I'm a fuck like daddy look pretty like Tony See a hoe, bitch, shit You gotta stop on the corner when you see a state cop For the niggas in the night they call drag, I'ma fool and be cool With an automatic click clack I wanna fuck and how to fuck you bigger Mama gonna dress and you all be better In the middle of the night it's on It's hot call Frank and meet you at the spot Cash Money rules every thing around If you represent U.P.T. your downtown [Baby] Bitch I thought knew they call me Baby Hoes drive me crazy Money is a must, coats slanging Plus I never duck when niggas bust in cars I mini Benz, expeditions and other cars I look so pretty, and I'd fuck these hoes On the grill with a mouth full of gold Bitches know, I'll let cha know on tape enough shit Those lamborgini niggas know shit And I love these hoes that suck dick Big Tymers for life enough g's on my rolex From acorn the magazine And she was seen homie giving brains behind it homie It's was nice with the ice, they call me Baby These bitches know my game is tight [Larell] Who can file for most of the squash Blast through the door and get your ass tossed Every nigga on the map on acasion lose every nigga in them hallways Nuthin but truth is behind the peace treaty is the best decision Cuz you don't want them to hit cha bitcha Me in the coop, ya'll in the hall Ya'll on the crawl so I gots to ball I'm in the yearbook When I was at booker t party of the year 1993 My satisfaction is, I've never been a problem See my advirsaries were suspended and I hide em When I'm stuck in the club niggas will let you know On the door start looking for sure And if you want to start something With my kliq it's cool cuz chop off all your dicks Uptown baby the Big Tymers know where I live The third door from the hum drums Your dumb if want some rowdy boy we'll some You won't see us in the tinted old car Won'tcha ass be all fallin behind But you got luck thats why you got behind Time is running out for you fools Chickens I was at your girls house with the lights out And slash your fuckin leather Get a seperate shit better, whether Win, lose, or draw, still losing my clip Cuz uptown for life is the motherfuckin shit [Lil Wayne] I'm the little one with the skrilla thats off the rilla Cuz killas get punked on the start of pilas Nigga it's me Hot Boy show Head tilted to the right, I'll be right next store Nigga you know me from the true store I die slow cuz the bullets, are old Niggas fall to the floor, ain't a slug to touch Too bad little nigga say what Your pants sagin and your head busts like a skittle I'm on fire so they tried to chill it Tell em dogg, ain't nothin gonna shake Creep like a slave and take all the bait Like a tape, I still rock the mack 10 110 bullets twirl like a whirlwind I tie up your boy and rape your girlfriend Come off the sex with the choppers twirlin in the wind Better watch your children, are they all in? I shoot twice, your crawling and I get disgusting The beef get ugly, start busting going uhhh, up in Jesus please come see us in the speeder I jump out with gun in the freezer Plus your boys won't go They must of heard of Big Tymers, act like you know Huh huh wha wha nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Lil' Wayne, Juvenile Album: I Got That Work Song: Hard Life Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Baby] For sure, lil' one I know what you're goin' through to shine Niggas pullin' off all type of shit But, look: if you don't know what you're doin',  you'd better catch the sideline Catch the sideline Nigga, the block look the same - it's just crack and cocaine Niggas losin' but we still maintainin' Livin' life like a penitentiary with a ki in my hand Knockin' project bricks Flippin' chickens, and movin' out quick Hard-hustlin' 'cause we love slingin' this white shit S.S., Monte Carlo's, hard-tops - we love that shit 'Bout two-hundred thugs with this clique We multiply everyday for the bullshit For the hood shit Burned down buildin's ain't no good, slick Niggas pullin' auctions on they own cars to get money quick Then we dippin' and dabbin' Goin' back to the labbin' Lil' niggas payin' me for cookin' they slabbin' Cook a brick and make it out a brick-and-halfin' Chargin' them young g's ten G's for cookin' they slabs Say, lil' wodie, I gots to have it (Hook - 4x [Juvenile]) It's a hard life we livin' - they 'bout they drama We earn stripes from killin' - attack like piranhas [Lil' Wayne] Look Look On the streets it ain't sweet They be (?) It's not a game, homeboy - this ain't the NFL Him just (?) from rippin' with the mid-deck twelve Hit the block in twin-SL's, and spit at gals You get that, pal? Once it's war, nigga, skip town 'Cause if I don't do it, be swimmin' with fish, clown Now, crack a whole chick down, sell it in quarters If the drama happen to hit town, I'm 'nappin' your daughter If the broad try to flip out, I'm cuttin' her water If your boys try to help out, I'm killin' they fathers When and wherever What and however - you bring it good I'll have your mom singin' "Hmmm hmm hmmm" Cause nowadays lot of niggas got coward ways So I ride with K's to knock off the side of heads But I'm tryin' to stay man, I'm tryin' to stay focused What I'm tryin' to say we gon' bust it wide open! (Hook - 4x [Juvenile]) [Mannie Fresh] What What Pimps, playas, riders, rollers, hustlers Gangstas, thugs, criminal motherfuckers Hit it, quit it, fuck it, leave it, flee No evidence at your residence - that's me Black, ugly, mean, sheisty bastard Preachers and teachers sayin', "I'm surprised you lasted." Guns, drugs, bitches hot sex Weed, crack, heroin - what's next? Feds, cops, killers politicians Hookers, hoes, (?) all on missions Crooks, mayors, presidents, and leaders N-double-A-CP, rednecks, and meat beaters Mommas, baby-mommas, aunties and cousins Scatter sites, knocked out lights, projects by the dozens And cars, broads, murders ghetto life I went through all that shit  for platinum ringers and a little bit of ice (Hook - 4x [Juvenile]) [Juvenile] I've been blessed I thank the Lord everyday for gettin' me from 'round these devils in these dark hallways How the fuck you gonna help me when I don't care? Niggas see me front it all - they just look and stare And talk about how it should be and how it could be Bentley in my basement - ain't nobody understood me Take care of your people like you take care of your kids 'Cause money ain't shit when you don't know how to live And niggas gon' pretend to be your friend when they ain't You expect 'em to be there until the end, but they can't Now, how many of you can say you're a real nigga? Play the Prowler, but scared to go in the field with ya You gon' know your nigga - he gon' be there, still with ya Whether if it's talkin' or slingin' the steal with ya Don't answer nobody questions Gotta turn to the Lord with a confession (Hook - 4x [Juvenile]) It's a hard life we livin' - 'cause they 'bout they drama We earn stripes from killin' - attack like piranhas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Juvenile Album: How You Luv That Vol. 2 Song: How You Luv That Typed by: hot_boyz@mail.com Juvenile: Aw, man Man I sho' need this one here man It's gon' be so huge I know everyone out there gon' luv this one ya heard me Manny Fresh: Now, who the fuck got cars for days Crazy hoes and momo's with the 20 inch blades Me and the Misses, drivin' Expeditions The back stabbin' friends (smooch) blowin' kisses Chrome struck bitches, wood grain witches Leather seats, la la look, anything else itches I don' done it, the bubble-eyed GS 300 Anything else around me playboy I run it Bought the black Yukon in Houston, a microwave, a fouton She not white, uh uh, she cuban Karats on my fingers Fuckin' R&B Singers 1998 Lexus, Dick slangers Nuts Hangers, from South Americon Don Peringion Me a peasant, move on Can you top a, nigga with a candy coated helicopter Move, shake, shove that Ask yourself nigga How You Luv That Chorus: Lil Wayne (2x) How You Luv That 20 Cars on chrome Nigga, How You Luv That 20 show in the dome Nigga, How You Luv That 20 Hot Girls to bone Nigga, How You Luv That Brrrr, 20 PrimeCo phones Baby: Nigga how you gon' tell me that shit ain't changed When nigga used to play curls now they playin' braids And in my crib I got a elevator fuckin' with these hoes heads With alligator pillow cases in my bed I got a screen TV so big Playboy I had to get aproval from the city and the muthafuckin' feds I say fuck these white folks 'til I'm dead Cause I'm gon' ball 'til I fall and spend 20 G's at the mall And Playboy you could tell me How You Luv That I bought my son a Rolex with diamonds and bezzel at nine months And a Cash Money medallion with 20 diamonds in each letter son So peeps this, nigga a got I million dollars worth of cars all on chrome can you compete wit' this, that's beautiful These six tires with that Range Rover Ear rings costin' 15 G's, wit' TV's Nigga I'm tryin' to put a screen on the hood of the Humvee And put my face on top nigga can you see me I got so much money I'll never do time I play them white bitches like they play me at all times I got 20 G's to put on they leather seat But, for open court charges three time felony on one rap sheet What the fuck I look like choppin' trees and pickin' cotton When I shoot, fuckin' hoes and money clockin' I'm a Big Tymer ask 'Lac you could believe that Play boy nigga tell me How You Luv That Chorus: Lil Wayne (2x) Juvenile: Baby what you mean that Juvenile ain't bout matin' Best get yo' mind right and go head with that hatin' What, you must think that these diamonds ain't real or somthin', ha All of this shoutin' gon' get me killed for nothin', ha Nigga fuck that I'm gon' ball 'til I fall >From Calton by the levy, to General DeGaul So Baby pop the Crystille, and shine the jewels Give your cadillac a tool, with 20 inch L's Rolex with diamond bezzels with 20 G cells My floor shinin' from marble from across the canal In my position we make nothin but G's Your jewelery say you belong to CMB Don't hit us cause we beautiful niggaz please You think I'm stuntin' know just wait 'til I come back with them ki's Niggaz fear this, they hate but they don't come near this I don' wrote a song bout these bitches you wanna hear this They say, "Juvenile you muthafucka you off the heezy" I got these hoes pussy poppin' tell lil keezy and breezy Can't you see me in that bubble-eye, How You Luv That Can't you see me in that BMW-ah, How You Luv That Chorus: Lil Wayne (2x) Wha, How You Luv That Wha, How You Luv That Wha, How You Luv That Wha, How You Luv That Wha, How You Luv That Nigga, How You Luv That Wha wha, Brrr, How You Luv That Ha ha, Big Tymers Diamonds that'll *Bling* blind ya Ha ha, Big Tymers Better act like ya know ______________________________________________ FREE Personalized Email at Mail.com Sign up at http://www.mail.com?sr=mc.mk.mcm.tag001 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Bullet Proof, Lil Wayne Album: How U Luv That Vol. 1 Song: Intro Typed by: IcebergRep757@cs.com (Mannie Fresh) Have you ever met a balla in whole damn life Wit plenty money, plenty bitches, and a whole lot of ice I'm that nigga man, tha one they talkin about I'm that nigga man, wit tha big ass house Move over, Range Rover I fuckin told ya (Bullet Proof) Bubba gotta brand new solja (Mannie Fresh) Who bought this bitch, Cash Money man Let's start this bitch tha new hurricane See tha niggas ain't gone like that  But tha bitches gone ride that (Bullet Proof) Big money is heavy weight  That's Fresh and Big B Two uptown shinners, numba one stunna's Fresh got a Berban, Baby got an all black Hummer Bought a Jag for tha summer, green wit tan leather TV's in tha head rest, 20's on tha compressor So much ice in B's Roley you can't get a slow glance He ain't have no money in his bank account till tha over flow came My Uncle Prime got a 5 and it's top of tha line 19 inches cause 20's fucks up tha ride I'm worth millions, I'm a balla dog Rolex full of diamonds I'll blind ya dog 17 wit 7 cars I'm a shina dog I'm an Uptown shina, neighborhood hunter Red Hummer, Blue Hummer they both on chrome Whoa!, I got a million minutes on my Prime Co. phone I'm an Uptown shina, neighborhood hunter Red Hummer, Blue Hummer they both on chrome Whoa!, I got a million minutes on my Prime Co. phone (Wayne) Now on the left side (Fresh) Y'all girls deserve better (Wayne) Now on the right side (Fresh) Buy them all Gucci sweaters (Wayne) Now in the front (Fresh) Drink Cristal til you fall (Wayne) Now in the back (Fresh) Y'all niggas gon' straight up ball (Wayne) Now on the left side (Fresh) We sittin on chrome (Wayne) And on the right side (Fresh) Plenty Prime Co. phones (Wayne) And in the front (Fresh) Well if it's on then it's on (Wayne) Nigga in the back (Fresh) Them some bitches I would love to bone {*Big Tymers ad lib to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Bun B (U.G.K.), Lil' Wayne Album: How U Luv That Vol. 2 Song: Millionaire Dream Typed by: markthomas@netalpha.net Whazzup This the life nigga Check [Verse 1] I got ten round my neck, twenty on my wrist  Million dollar luck ah, million dollar kiss Pull up in my Lexus, sippin on Dom P Call me lil' baby but you ain't know it was C.M.B. I floss everyday wootay Knowin to shine like a crushed wined face Roley What the deal on the real it's all about scrill Pretty grills, pretty broads, and plenty mills ah Ridin to myself up in my baby benz  Playin tens, goin shoppin with my lady friends Flyin to Nashville, me and bob splittin eighty Then I chill on Washatona with Slim and Baby See the $ on my back symbolize my click See the $ around my neck symbolize we rich Always wonderful, but Baby gotta see it to believe it All this ice and rich heights man it's off the heezy Fifteen and I'm workin wit a hundred and better And you can put that on my diamond Gucci bezel What [Chorus: repeat 2X] I got ten around my neck (mm mm) And baguettes on my wrist (*Bling*) See we ball till we fall (la la) Livin a millionaires dream (wootay) [Verse 2] Since I done hit me a lick, I done got some shit That most niggas out chere can't fuck wit Sixty- Five on rims to get they mind right Then took the Cash Money piece and put twenty all night Now I'ma ball till I fall if it kills a bitch Check the crown of the Roley from the flick to the wrist Six figures ain't enough for this game that I'm in If I can make a hundred G's then I can make a million Rice and Baby in a loader fuckin around with them hoes Me and Slim was parlaying makin deals in the rose Wayne and Manny in a hummer spit 'n game to a bitch B.G. and Juvi in a benz bumpin hot boys this Big Tymers oh it's nothing nice I ain't sellin for shit If it's a Bentley that I want, it's a Bentley I get Drop-top, CD changer, come equipped with the phone Cash Money Big Tymers and we ride on chrome Playa Haters want to picture me fallin' If you could picture 'Pac rollin, then you can picture me ballin Living good, lookin good, playin cards with the ??? CMR Hot Boys Big Tymers for life, nigga Yeah we drinkin diamonds and gold For the nine scrilla, biatch (echo) [Verse 3] Nigga I got million stashed so I can buy these buildings  And duck these killings And tipping these niggas tryina have billions  I just wanna raise my two children Going to these white folks and demandin millions Havin 'em saying Cash Money worth figures And tippin 'em just like Suge Knight did 'em And I done did my dirt in the process tryna' make millions See I done did a lot of shit in my lifetime Like, makin money, committing these stupid crimes But I still got my ghetto stripes When I'm pimp in the game  Cuz, I love to hustle all through the night Cuz, when I hit my block it's like the Pope done stopped I have them lil' children sayin, "Baby please don't stop" Worth six figures and I'm rich and these hoes and right Hustlin all night so Lil' Bryan can eat right I'm going holla at my people in Melph to make sure shit right ??? so I'ma cruise to the next life  Me and Bryan got to bitches we goin fuck tonight If they don't give up the pussy hotel they get left tonight That's how it be worth some G's  Man you can play them hoes like they ain't worth shit You dig (Baby Talking) [Chorus) [Verse 4] Young niggas wearin cracka gators All my life eatin steak and potatoes Valet please get the beige Mercedes It's beautiful, la la, don't hate us Back up for the most spectacular, cake stackular  Performance like Acura, got these stayin like Dracula Vroom, how you like that diamond bezel Blindin everything up in this bitch when I hit the shiny pedal  It's marvelous, the life I live  Smile pretty child got plenty Crystal to give Rolex's for everyday of the week Blowin gars in all kinds of cars will my brother Keith Steaks and fetuccini, lil' girls in bikinis Maybe Baby might let me use his beige Lamborghini Givin all these project hoes the weenie On radios and videos y'all hoes seen me Life styles of the rich and richer Look on any bad bitch wall you goin see my picture Wildlife on my feet everyday of the week Now how that shit hit you Look here Baby I'ma get wit you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Lil' Wayne Album: I Got That Work Song: Nigga Couldn't Know Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Lil' Wayne] Big Tymers, nigga (Big Tymers, nigga) I got that work, nigga (I got that work, nigga) Look, look, listen: This is where them niggas die fast Sell bricks and buy bags They dodge class to hit the block and go find cash If you try to pass - take my advice: drive fast 'Cause, my man, ain't no escapin' when shots blast You wonder why the cops keep circlin' Niggas murderin' I ain't never saw 'em before Tonight we twurkin' 'em Niggas wearin' masks like glasses Niggas got on tank tops and a pair of Reebok classics Pants to my knees 'cause the glock make it slouch I can't talk right now - I got three rocks in my mouth And, wodie, when we enter-- niggas freeze up like it's winter And if a nigga whisper, pistols eat him up for dinner Seventeen representer - you don't like it, do somethin' And I'll bet you'll see a nigga outside 'bout two-somethin' And we like to dress in all black up in my residence Ain't got on no suits 'cause we ain't tryin' to be presidents (Hook - 2x [Lil' Wayne + Baby]) [Wayne] Nigga, we done moved more coke [Baby] than a nigga could know [Wayne] More money, more cars [Baby] than a nigga could show [Wayne] And more ice - cheap price [Baby] than a nigga could score [Wayne] And hit blocks with glocks   Make 'em get on the floor [Baby] Nigga wakin' up to alley cats and rats Project bitches that tote gats Niggas kickin' the dope, but the crack done smack back Lil' niggas runnin' through the hallways While other niggas playin' ball - made a court in the driveway Things ain't the same where I use to play It's guns and broads New cars, neighborhood superstars And hoes smokin' cigars Lil' ones sittin' on the car Watchin' the bus hollerin', "Them people comin!" when that blue car pull up I'm tired of catchin' cuts, and bendin' corners I got that work - got youngsters on all four corners You got the quarters, and you got them halves I got the quarter ki's, and Fresh got the slabs Ten a ki is the price if you want a brick And if you don't know that, nigga - tax the bitch (Hook - 2x [Lil' Wayne + Baby]) [Wayne] Nigga, we done moved more coke [Baby] than a nigga could know [Wayne] More money, more cars [Baby] than a nigga could show [Wayne] And more ice - cheap price [Baby] than a nigga could score [Wayne] We hit blocks with glocks   Make 'em get on the floor [Baby] For sure, wodie [Mannie Fresh] It's the return of the click-clackin' Downtown pistol packin' Y'all remember me from back in the '89 era When killers use to wear mascara And run through the court causin' terror Random riot gunshots Government-issued glocks That's bakin' soda added with that odor - now you got clatch pots Niggas went from (?) to frozen cups To catchin' cuts, to big ole nuts Shorty, I been on missions Jackin' niggas for Balley competitions Stickin' guns in bustas' backs Everybody, come out your Polos and your Zodiacs But that was back in the days See, niggas done changed they ways Went from snug-nose-38's to hand grenades Now it's a must that niggas bust back when they get cussed at Or fussed at Nine-millimeters, glocks, pumps, riot guns, niggas can trust that (Hook - 4x [Lil' Wayne + Baby]) [Wayne] Nigga, we done sold more coke [Baby] than a nigga could know [Wayne] More money, more cars [Baby] than a nigga could show [Wayne] More ice - cheap price [Baby] than a nigga could score [Wayne] We hit blocks with glocks   Make 'em get on the floor [Baby] For sure, lil' one [Wayne] What! [Baby {talking}] Y'all got to understand We got this shit on lock, wodie If you ain't makin' money you ain't doin' what you suppose to I understand niggas kickin' in doors for twenty-inch momo's Whatever it take, lil' daddy And it don't matter If I get caught up in a struggle, I got to take mines If you get caught up, you better believe it.. that that iron gon' get your mind right, dog We hustlin' for sure, fa Bling-blingin' without a doubt Like new cars, and pretty broads And neighborhood superstars Money Bitches Rags to riches The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Lil' Wayne Album: I Got That Work Song: No, No Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Fresh] Yo [Wayne] N-no, n-no [Fresh] Yo [Wayne] N-no, n-no [Fresh] This is for the riders   This is-   This is, for the riders [Fresh] If the bitch that you with give fucked-up head [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Fresh] If you ask for the pussy, and she always in the red [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Fresh] If your P.O. make you try to pee in a cup [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Fresh] If a nigga try to stick a big dick in your butt [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Baby] If a nigga throwin' up, and he ain't full of that puff [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Baby] If a nigga runnin' up, and he ain't got his guns up [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Baby] If a nigga sellin' crack, and ain't packin' a gat [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Baby] If a nigga ain't fuckin' his bitch from the back [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Fresh] If a nigga break in your shit, and steal your cash [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Fresh] If you unlock your door and find he hittin' that ass [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Fresh] If your boyfriend fuck around with another bitch [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Fresh] On top of that the nigga burnt ya and gave ya the itch [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't (Hook [Lil' Wayne]) No, n-no, n-no No, n-no, n-no No, n-no, n-no No he didn't [Baby] If a cat got a 'llac without Vogues to match [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Baby] If a nigga score some ki's, and the bullshit wack [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Baby] If my nigga hit the ball with 10G's in stacks [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Baby] If my nigga bought a car, and can't even rap [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Fresh] If a nigga come around tryin' to lay you down [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Fresh] If a nigga not, and he say he from uptown [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Fresh] If a cat try to make you snort a little bit of brown [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Fresh] If a nigga ridin' natural, and ain't got no sound [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't (Hook [Lil' Wayne]) [Baby] If a glock with the gauge cut these niggas tryin' to jack [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Baby] I'm a three-time loser, and I'm totin' a gat [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Baby] Can't rap, game spit - nigga, understand that [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Baby] I fucked this nigga's bitch, and went to his house and: smack [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Fresh] If a nigga tryin' to come on your set and run shop [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Fresh] If you're tellin' me you got a go, and a nigga say not [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Fresh] If his bitch-ass think he won't get popped [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Fresh] If you don't want trouble, nigga, get off the block [Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't (Hook2x [Lil' Wayne]) No, n-no, n-no No, n-no, n-no No, n-no, n-no Uh-no he didn't [Mannie Fresh] What? [Lil' Wayne] Yeah, yeah, yeah [Mannie Fresh] What? [Lil' Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't [Mannie Fresh] What? [Lil' Wayne] Yeah, yeah, yeah {talking} [Mannie Fresh] See what I'm sayin' [Lil' Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-no, no he didn't [Mannie Fresh] Like this [Lil' Wayne] What [Mannie Fresh] Goin' into the 2G [Lil' Wayne] They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh- {laughs} [Mannie Fresh] See what I'm sayin' See what I'm sayin' [Lil' Wayne] Big Tymers Lil' Wheezy pull up They be like no, n-no, n-n-uh-no he didn't, nigga! [Mannie Fresh] Now, see That's that nerve When you find out that ain't your kid You be like no, n-no, n-n-no, aahw shit! Now, for these broads out here Think niggas gon' be buyin' 'em meals See what I'm sayin' Give 'em wheels Hookin' them hoes up with deals It's like no, n-no, n-n-no I ain't! See what I'm sayin' If I could, I would I can't, so I ain't See what I'm sayin' Didn't say anything about it You hoes gon' have to do without it It's like that in the 2G I'm all about my motherfuckin' self Self, I'm all about you For the 2000 self, I'm all about you It's all about me, myself, and I Fuck a hoe (fuck a hoe) Fuck a hoe (fuck a hoe) (Fuck a hoe, fuck a hoe, fuck a hoe) Ride on there {echoes 8x and fades} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Bun B, Lil' Wayne Album: How You Luv That Vol. 2 Song: Playboy (Don't Hate Me) Typed by: gnikals330@yahoo.com [Lil Wayne] I be comin with it  If spot Wayne from a distance in the Expedition I'm on chrome 20 inches You'd know who I be Oh yes you'd know me Hoes see millionaire that's h-o-t Wodie slow down you might be ahead To slip and tell all your broads we already Coleon me a mobsta regular And you can call me on my ce-elier (cellular) (What) Celebrate and pop the Don-p (beep) That's Re that drop the bomb beats (uh-uh) Middle name's Rabbits Stuntin' hard naw that's my daddy Rabbit I got a rolley on my wrist with ten karats And I'm a shine but I'm still about blastin' (huh) Nigga lil shorty bout paper  Bedroom, second floor in a bater(???) I'm a superstar (star)  Money makin' pimp Up in the double-R (R) Just me and Slim I'm gettin cheese by the bills stackin' cake boy Cash Money how you love that playboy, playboy [Mannie Fresh] Don't hate me baby cause I'm beautiful Don't hate me baby cause I'm beautiful Don't hate me baby cause I'm beautiful How you love that playboy [Bun B] We go lights, action, camera We here to hammer ya Go ask Pamela or your baby mama lil Tamera Feel like a samera or Zorro rich niggas don't barrow Fill a check and wait 'til the bank open tomarrow Look at your sorrow Heads gotta meet  Kids gotta eat Why don't we make a mil (million) Rhymin' in and out of beat In mydazeep(???) Shit don't even look for it it's way off Concerts sellin' out like Chicago Bull's playoffs So stay off the ground cuz it's dangerous wodie Too many riches these bitches gonna wanna hang with us wodie It's a gang of us wodie You see one everywhere you go Ain't no thing with this wodie You get it any ear for sure We go to the bank So much bitch we got a bedroom What else count money and give a nigga head room So when you hear the leg boom Bitch you better get somewhere Somebody gettin' hit somewhere But on the west start some shit somewhere [Mannie Fresh] Don't hate me baby cause I'm beautiful These flashy cars ain't new to y'all Don't hate me baby cause I'm beautiful These flashy cars ain't new to y'all Playboy, don't hate me don't hate me don't hate me [Baby] I got these niggas talkin' bout this black on black hummer I scored that last summer But this year playboy I'm a stretch that motherfucker I bought a Yukon for my main bitch with my new horn Pictures of other niggas' old ladies suckin' my shit While you be lovin' this stupid bitch Now I guess since I been playin' with about 10 mil or 'sum These bitches givin' me their pussy like it ain't nothin' Goin' to the club with 10 G's And the bar tab that's all on Baby Lettin' these hoes and niggas drink for free Playgirl but you gotta understand 1 thing That shit all on Cash Money Well here's another case of this hoe sprayin' mace in my face Cause I wouldn't give this hoe no play Tellin' me I think my shit don't stink Cause I got a Benz, a Hummer, a Lexus  and a penthouse that say "hoe hater" With tattos with number 1 stunter With billionaire on my left arm And millionaire on my right arm Bitches be lovin' this gold grill homey I spent 20 G's on my earrings homey Nigga I ain't met a nigga that can drop a beat like Fresh And I ain't met a nigga tha can out shine me See I got a clip that's called "pussy go-getters"  Now playboy these hoes be lovin' these Cash Money niggas [Mannie Fresh] Don't hate me baby cause I'm beautiful These flashy cars ain't new to y'all Don't hate me baby cause I'm beautiful These flashy cars ain't new to y'all Playboy, don't hate me don't hate me don't hate me [Mannie Fresh] (talking) What's happenin' this the gator shoe man Fresh and Vic a new man Anything come new playboy out I got 2 of that I think I can love that, I can love that, I can love that See what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,yeah This is a, this is a uhmm Cash Money/Big Tymers production This got Baby, Big Bun see what I'm sayin'  And Lil Wayne, and me myself, The Beautiful one It's beautiful baby, it's beautiful baby,  it's truly beautiful baby Now what we playin this year One Million, two million, maybe three million, maybe four Y'all just got to you know, hang in there  and see what we gonna do this summer What we gonna pull off, see what I'm sayin' What we gonna buy It's beautiful I'm just gonna give you a hint you dig We thinkin' about buyin' a city I ain't gonna say what city Just a city The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers, Juvenile, Lil' Wayne, B.G. Album: Project Bitch 12" Song: Project Bitch (Remix) Typed by: IcebergRep757@cs.com [Verse 1: Mannie Fresh] This is for Deshawn, Eshlawn, Lil Mama, and her friends Lisa, Teresa, Maria, Tia, Lia and Kim I love y'all broads, no disrespect to my dogs but I love y'all broads, yea I love y'all broads To the ladies havin babies without no drama To my niggas with figgas say I love my baby momma I bought them shoes, them tattoos, an even fixed yo breasts I put you inside the flyest rides an even put a "$" on yo chest [Verse 2: Lil' Wayne] This is for the ones who wobbled it and be puttin they mouth on it An they suck everything out of it then they catch it and swallow it I'm Lil Weezy for sheezy, I'm off the heezy believe me See me, I squeeze in between it, and then I leave it so greasy When I come through in a Rolls Royce, leave them with no choice but to hop up in it an just let me make they throat moist Ruby red an vodka it just carry a nigga Give me three minutes maybe four she be wantin to marry a nigga [Chorus 2X: Juvenile] Give me a project bitch Give me a hoodrat chick One that don't give a fuck An say she took that dick [Verse 3: Juvenile] My momma send me by my grandma, my grandma flipped out an said we ain't gone have no evil in this house So I rolled out, scoped me out an sold out but I fucked up when I started livin up in this hoes house Nigga started fuckin one of the broads cause she was suckin a nigga dick so good keepin it hard Lettin a nigga cum all over her chest and tongue She was still-un, I spared her because her chil-drun She was a hoe she gave me head behind a building aint sellin records but her mouth could sell a million if you wanna take it there we can break it off  cause yall pussy aint gotta nigga tweakin at all I slang this dick summer winter spring an the fall ask me to lay it down I'm bringin it all I'm tryin to hit ya from the back to ya house Cause lord this mothrfuckin dick good and it always be hard [Verse 4: Baby] Look - a nigga could catch me r'd up Them white folks know the code so we g'd up an my range rover 4 door be d'd up Tattoos and new cars and these project cuts Got this nigga bitch I know been wantin to fuck I deal with sluts ladies an bitches don't give a fuck Project bosses Weezy say "Respect Us" Bitch nigga find me in the 4 door Lexus I got a bitch shoot dice an a bitch that ain't right I got a bitch who will front ya work an take ya life I got a credit card hoe, a scam type hoe, a fraud type hoe Like to snort that dope, a dick suckin pro A calico hoe, a real solid bitch out Chicago I got a brat type bitch like to whine an shit I got a project bitch like to start some shit [Verse 5: B.G.] Ohh yeah! I like tha ones that know go straight to her knees Properly please properly serve BG It ain't no other breed no other kind or type Believe them rillas out tha PJ's nothin nice Behind their man run, they gone chase somethin Tie ya down and spray that mace in yo face cuzen They take that dick good like they know it ain't no tomorrow They get on top and oh they just a jumpin  I love that I let them do what do I don't stop em Watch her do her thing I just lay back and watch her They know they burnin know they on fire  They know they hot as it can't get can't get no hotter They sport Finded sport Iceberg and Powdler I can't help that I love ghetto hood P poppers I want be right if i ain't got a bitch  that's ghetto fab and com'n straight out tha bricks The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Bun B, Lil Wayne Album: Big Money Heavyweight Song: Southern Boy Typed by: revz_girl@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Mannie Fresh talking] Yeah,yeah yeah, if David Banner was here right now He would just look at y'all mutha fuckas and go "Damn,Damn, Damn, Damn" If Flip was here he would go "What is y'all saying?" [Mannie Fresh] I'm push a truck, nigga I'm drive a Benz Mutha fuck the 8's nigga I'm get the 10's I'm drink everything, I'm get drunk Watch the shoes, I'm show you dudes, I'm bout to pop the trunk I'm be captivator, I'm be calm Hat to the shirt, to the pants playa WOAH I'm play Polo, I'm stay rich I'm bout to bust the southside in this bitch I'm stay with Sprint mutha fuck Nextel (Can you hear me now, I don't love no gal) I'm eat chicken playa I'm sip lak And push the old school Caddy with the Diamond in the Back I'm get the candy paint just because I know you can't Pussy, pussy, pussy your life is blank I'm get the new J's smoke all the purple haze I'm stick with game spittin', game spittin' in your face [Chorus: Lil Wayne] 2x Cause Im a mutha fuckin' southern boy Coming down so clean, and with rhymes so mean Heavy starch in my jeans I want Criss, want hard, fuck a nigga, fuck a broad You can't stop my southern flow Cause I'm a mutha fuckin' southern boy [Baby] Look I ride the biggest truck 20 inches don't give a fuck When I roll nigga know I'm plush Coming round and I'm high as fuck Green truck, lift up, spinnin' blades is a must Wood grain, suede and leather, feelin' good with this Cali weather I can go in any hood get a nigga they know I could Coming round and I'm iced up too Nigga know bout me and my crew Laying low, being cool Smoking weed is what we do Moving ki's bought that coupe Stacking G's is what we do Nigga know that I'm slanging that iron Fuck around trying to take my shine Nigga know that I'm bout gettin' mine Hustlin, flippin' when I'm on that grind Nigga know we got work uptown Fuck around and we shut you down Pussy, pussy, pussy, you pussy pussy bitch [Chorus] 2x [Bun B] I'm pimping through the south holding my nuts I'm in my candy apple red cadillac car rolling them dutch White cuts with that stitch and tuck, lookin' for a bitch to fuck Find a slut lil fifty buck, look like you need this dick to suck I'm truck turner pimping, with Issac Hayes roll on Just another pimp gettin' his stroll on bitch hold on You staring at a pimp, tryin' to look him in his eyes When you prctice southballin', if you get broke don't be surprised Tell no lies about this mackin', some win and some be losin' If you fuckin' with my paper, you cruisin' for a bruisin' So let there be no confusion, pimping ain't no illusion Don't believe me ask (?), she shorted my lil brother She mutha fuckin' paged chose a pimp like no other We all about that dollar bitch so when you see a pimp don't try to holla Wipe me down and pop my collar [Chorus] 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Lil' Wayne, PapaRue Album: How You Luv That? Vol. 2 Song: Stun'n (Remix) Typed by: HotBoi226@aol.com [Baby] Now since my gear be on shine These haters be packin' dey nine But look playa I'm down for mine Try'n to catch me at the red light gettin my shine But I use my nina to protect me at all times I just bought that new lexus, that 1998 The bubble lights boy wit' them 19 inches See I'ma talk about my Humvee at the end of my rhyme I just bought that new Range Rover wit' them six new tires Now every broad I know I done sexed at least one time Now playboy, tell me how you love that [Mannie Fresh] Last night, i got a call on my phone Ike Turner wanna make a "gangsta slap-a-broad" pimp song He said "I called you man cause you the realest" Lay it down, lay it down, cause these broads love Willis Have "woes' that suck toes and wash clothes Playas try to fit ya like a pair of Girbauds Girls in the morn'n to brush my teeth Lil' girls wit curls love to wipe my feet BLING, diamonds glistenin' everywhere It's allright for that girl look at me, y'all let her stare Baby, I know I'm gorgeous, cause I'm the largest Jet skiis and M3's in my garag-es [Chorus: PapaRue] I bought a Hummer that's sittin' on 32's We love stun'n and givin' these broads the blues Fresh got a Burban that's sittin' on 20's fool Woodgrain, TV's and it's all cool (2x) [Baby] Now playa, tell me how you can beat this A million dollars worth of cars all on chrome, can you defeat this Wit all new homes, 8 of 'em The Hot Boy$ new album, Guerilla Warfare and it jumped of strong I spent 2 million buildin' my own home, wit a million dollars worth of furniture All on wood grain homie See playa, I ain't gotta stunt cause I can bag 'em up, believe dis Ask the police at Eastover has he seen this Playa, wit diamonds and gold across the T-O-P And every broad in my passenger seat I done sexed fo' free These broads, I love to sex 'em til they see That I aim to succeed to be a top rank in this industry And my Humvee, playboy, I got so much wood in this vehicle You gotta see it, it should be a coffin seat Wit four brand new TV's wit VCR The Big Tymer$ new video gon' air on tomorrow Ridin' on 32's and you can't miss these G's All on chrome from the heart of the U.P.T. When I get my big baller party Playa, I'ma let all these tenderonies drink for free, Domm P. And Cristal, you know how we play it boy when we comin' through in that Humvee [PapaRue] Shooney nooney nowny no, shooney nooney nooney nowny no Oh oh Shooney nooney nowny no, come down, come down [Lil Wayne] Now, we be Big Tymers wit the diamonds sparklin' Some of uptowns finest, we ballin' I'm the smallest soldier in the click but still ride bir ol' black on black trucks wit kits See everybody get they shine on at 226 CMB, flash ya wrist and let ya diamonds glisten, remix My boys poppin' champagne Lil Wayne in the marrow wit the bubble frame Uh-huh, we the ones wit the stretch Hummer A helicopter, Benz, Burban, and a Lex bubble I play the platinum Navigator when I ride 5 thousand dollar high sippin' Cristal I got twenty on my finger, look it's all gravy They say it's all about Fresh and all about Baby Big Tymers, boy you know how we play Worth about a hundred mill on a bad day We love STUN'N [chorus] [PapaRue] Shooney nooney nowny no, shooney nooney nooney nowny no Oh oh (2x) Cash Money, fo' you and ju PapaRue, fo and ju The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Lil' Wayne Album: I Got That Work Song: Sunday Night Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Baby {talking}] Believe it, playboy You know we the # 1 stunnas How you diggin' that, nigga Look, look- [Baby {verse 1}] Went to Miami - bought a Lam', and sure 'nough My Bentley, Fresh Bentley on twenty-inch dubs Monte Carlo's, Cadillac's, and Jags If it ain't a V-8, that shit ain't fast Vettes, Vipers, trucks, and bikes Pullin' all that shit out on a Sunday night Neighborhood superstars, cars, and broads Everybody wan' fuck a Hot Boy Mercedes trucks Lexus trucks Cadillac trucks All the best for your buck Six TV's with DVD's Twenty-G's worth of sound so a nigga can hear me We shine and floss We pay the boss Ten-G's a night - we buyin' the ball But one thing, nigga: things ain't changed Find me at a second line doin' my thing I'm rockin' ice I pocket pipe Corner pocket goin' down - we gon' be there tonight It's wall-to-wall Killers and dogs Niggas actin' crazy - they ready to ball They shoutin' at 'Nolia, shoutin' at Melph Shoutin' at Yo, everybody to the south They shoutin' at 'Nolia, shoutin' at Melph They shoutin' at Yo, everybody to the south See, a 3rd ward nigga don't play that shit You get outta line, we'll kill you quick See, a 3rd ward nigga don't play that shit You get outta line we'll kill you quick (Hook [Baby + Mannie Fresh]) [Baby] Vettes, Vipers, trucks, and bikes     Pullin' all that shit out on a Sunday night [Fresh] Cutlass, Monte Carlo's, and Regals still     Shorty, shit don't stop - nigga, keep it real [Baby] Look, Vettes, Vipers, trucks, and bikes     Pullin' all that shit out on a Sunday night [Fresh] Cutlass, Monte Carlo's, and Regals still     Nigga, shit don't stop - playa, keep it real [Lil' Wayne] Look, Now who Whee? The nigga ridin' top-down in the two-seat You see more diamonds than they got on Blue Streak You know it's Lil' Wheezy goin' off Slim and Baby bought him somethin' new he showin' off I will buy Bentley - body real wide Sixteen with no license - still drive That's a wild fella Watch your wife - I'll sell her I'm up in the 2000 Kompressor - loud yellow Dubs on skinnies - yeah, killin' ya Pop the hood, souped up with a twelve-cylinder Niggas ridin' big body Benz - stop it I'll pull up next to 'em in a Lam' - top this I know they be like, "Man, them boys got to stay home." Different color Hummers lookin' like a box of crayons Open up the back - sound got they damn head achin' Me - I'm in the back seat playin' a Playstation What! (Hook [Baby + Mannie Fresh] [Baby] Vettes, Vipers, trucks, and bikes     Pullin' all that shit out on a Sunday night [Fresh] Cutlass, Monte Carlo's, and Regals still     Nigga, shit don't stop - playa, keep it real [Baby] Look, Vettes, Vipers, trucks, and bikes     Pullin' all that shit out on a Sunday night [Fresh] Cutlass, Monte Carlo's, and Regals still     Wodie, shit don't stop - we gon' keep it real [Mannie Fresh] That remote - hand it here Trucks with chandeliers He don't have America Online up in here Lay it down when I park it Iceberg carpet Standin' 'cross the street sayin', "Watch me start this." Ascursion from thirty feet away Lil' niggas go and say, "How the fuck he did that?" "You heard where he live at?" "Piranhas and iguanas - marble and glass." "The bottom of his swimmin' pool said, 'KISS MY ASS'." Niggas motherfuck it I take the St. Bernard project and gut it and make it into one big crib And when you pass in separate ward, scream out, "That's where Mannie Fresh live!" Three-piece livin' room set in the back of the Caddy Plus the alarm that say, "I love you, Daddy." VCR - nigga, please - unhook it Run the DVD when the satellite crooked Honey, what you mean you ain't never seen a big-screen in the back of the Navigator that's green? Chromed-out amplifiers Twenty-two inch tires I don't want them - I want the fiber optic wires I'm so hot I'm responsible for forest fires [Baby] What? [Mannie Fresh] How you love that (Hook [Baby + Mannie Fresh] [Baby] Vettes, Vipers, trucks, and bikes     Pullin' all that shit out on a Sunday night [Fresh] Cutlass, Monte Carlo's, and Regals still     Wodie, shit don't stop - we gon' keep it real [Baby] Look, Vettes, Vipers, trucks, and bikes     Pullin' all that shit out on a Sunday night [Fresh] Cutlass, Monte Carlo's, and Regals still     Wodie, shit don't stop - y'all keep it real [Baby] Look, Vettes, Vipers, trucks, and bikes     Pullin' all that shit out on a Sunday night [Fresh] Cutlass, Monte Carlo's, and Regals still     Shorty, shit don't stop - let's keep it real [Baby] Vettes, Vipers, trucks, and bikes     Pullin' all that shit out on a Sunday night [Fresh] Cutlass, Monte Carlo's, and Regals still     Man, shit don't stop - keep it real ([Mannie Fresh + Baby] {talking}]) [Fresh] Understand We gon' keep this real Goin' into 2001 on up to 3000 I'ma (?), I ain't goin' nowhere [Baby] For sure, Fresh Without a doubt, playboy [Fresh] I meant that shit Ball 'til you fall [Baby] Believe that, nigga [Fresh] They gon' clone my ass It's gon' be ([B.] Huh?) about eight of me, you see what I'm sayin' [Baby] Without a doubt [Fresh] They can't get rid of me Feel that shit And I'm gone You can't kiss me, but you can kiss my chain ([B.] Without-) You can kiss my watch ([B.] Lick the ice) You can kiss my belt ([B.] Lick the ice) You can kiss my shoes But don't put your lips on me ([B.] Ice everywhere) It ain't like that [Baby] We gon' dip 'em platinum, playboy [Fresh] {blows kiss} Ahhh, good night [Baby] Dip one up We gon' dip one up platinum Right now If y'all can see, you gon' see nothin' but a brown-skin nigga dip platinum Grill platinum Nothin' but ice Nothin' but ice Ice everywhere Ten karats in my grill And I keeps it real How you love that nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ B.G., Lil Wayne Album: How You Luv That? Song: Suge and Pac, Puff and Big Typed by: BaLpLaYa34@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B.G.] Me the B.G., and Baby my fuckin rounds Two livin legend paper chasers from uptown Bout money and bitches, puttin haters in ditches We roll in trucks like Hummers and Expeditions Our relationship like Moses and Jesus Ask one of our hoes, ain't no comin between us Two black young kingpins, that's how they treat us Steaks and fettucini is what they feed us Nigga ridin shinin, me and my nigga be sippin the finest wine and spendin G's, makin trips  back and forth to Texas, we flyin; tryin to make a mill' y'all Cause we roll with the motto, "Ball til we fall" Fuck wit B, you bringin B.G. all the way out there Fuck wit me G you bringin Baby all the way out there Since ninety-two ninety-three our love been there We never spend to a pussy, Cash Money niggaz share I'm a Big Tymer, that's a fact Suga Slim just signed a, million dollar contract Lil' (?) Capone thuggin quick to bust yo' head Watch your tone in that mansion is where we lay our head at We play high gold floss rocks and drive drop-tops Way I bust it look like Suge and 'Pac [Lil Wayne] Like Suge and 'Pac, like Puff and B.I.G Baby and B.G. tryin to clock six figs Like 'Face and J., like Russ and Run Baby and B.G. tryin to clock a million [Baby] Like J. and 'Face, like Russ and Run Baby and B.G. comin through like assault rifle machine guns Worth more money than these niggaz could wonder You better thank quick nigga we hit blocks like thunder Comin through a dark tunnel a black on black Hummer It ain't no secret we showed our ass last summer We both got three or fo' bitches we bank at first  Embassy playboy to hide our riches Me and this young nigga we tighter than stitches He the motherfuckin rapper and I'm the game spitter And if you you fuck wit him  I'll clear my bank account on one of you bitches And I'll put that on my Ma and my Pa and they both restin in peace It ain't nuttin in this industry gon' fuck  wit Baby and little B.G., wit Mannie Fresh beats Wit Suga Slim's brains behind all this heat  and my Hot Boyz strapped ridin right beside me Nigga I'll bet a million dolars to yo' light bill I'll bet my Rolex wit my bezel nigga to yo' cable bill It ain't nuttin in this industry could fuck wit Cash Money  cause we keep it real nigga, believe that [Lil Wayne] Now what? Like Suge and 'Pac, like Puff and B.I.G Baby and B.G. tryin to clock six figs Like 'Face and J., like Russ and Run Baby and B.G. tryin to clock a million, what? [B.G.] I got love for my nigga Baby He heard I rapped, came on VL and saved me Now we ballin, livin swell it's gravy Cause I'm gettin my shine on, don't you hate me? B.G. and Baby, livin good pah  We just determined to hustle and get out the hood dog Fuck wit me and my boy, I wish you would dog We ridin dirty and I'll put that on the hood dog [Baby] Now what make these hoes thank that I ain't rich? What make these niggaz think the diamonds on my Rolex ain't the shit? My brotha Prime taught me how to wear two Rolexes at one time Nigga I'm gon' shine til I die Me and this nigga been together since he was twelve Hangin out at club, Rolexes daybreak watchin my beeper ring bells Now I knew this young nigga would end up swell I used my mind to keep him writin rhymes  cause I knew he'a be major at one time Now I done rolled in the flyest cars  It ain't no secret that B.G.'s a Cash Money superstar [Lil Wayne] Like Suge and 'Pac, like Puff and B.I.G Baby and B.G. tryin to clock six figs Like 'Face and J., like Russ and Run Baby and B.G. tryin to clock a million Like Suge and 'Pac, like Puff and B.I.G Baby and B.G. tryin to clock six figs Like 'Face and J., like Russ and Run Nigga Baby and B.G. tryin to clock a million, ha? [Baby] Ain't nuttin could fuck wit us playboy We take it how you want it, that's the issue nigga We clockin it's all gravy If it ain't about that money we ain't havin seein no bitches We doin what we got to do, we clockin G's Lil' Antoine, my lil' potnah from Tennessee It's all gravy playboy, how you luv that nigga? We clockin playboy, if you don't like it that's the issue nigga Get it how you live playboy How you luv that nigga? If it don't make money it don't make sense nigga I wear two watches on my wrist, at fifty G's a piece How's that look nigga? That's a hundred I done put two hundred G's on my grill My dog Fresh bout to redo his shit Nigga we just gon' have gold and hoes How you luv that playboy? Drankin Crystal, poppin bottles Niggaz ain't drankin Tanqu-zay no more Niggaz wearin rangs cost twenty G's Niggaz earrings cost 'em twenty G's Niggaz's rims cost 'em ten G's Nigga homes costin two mill-ion Nigga hoes gettin furs, nigga hoes gettin gators Niggaz just.. dumpin playa haters It ain't no thang boy, how you luv that nigga? Believe that boy (man I love yo' momma) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ B.G., Lil Wayne Album: How You Luv That Vol. 2 Song: Tear it up Typed by: gnikals330@yahoo.com [B.G.] Baby gangsta got an A.K. With 50 shots for that ass We play it raw on V.L. If you lame you can't last No hesitation in my ??? is to blast Any false move will leave a nigga on their back Wodie I'm young but strictly bout my cash Fuck petty check I want it in thousand dollar stash I'm a nigga that's on the grind for six figures I'm a chilla but bring me out my back I'm always splita You kill me it really don't matter to lil B.Geezy It's cool whoa I'm waitin' to see my nigga L.Teezy No bullshittin' I fuck bitches by the pack Hoes be wishin' to watch t.v's in the Expedition Me and Lil Wayne keep it real like we supposed to It's a few niggas carros (???) that i get close to Any other I put a slug above their shoulder It ain't no secret I represent uptown soldiers [Lil Wayne] Now I be gettin' down and dirty from the U.P.T. Nigga try to test bless his soul he rest in peace You mess with me and you will see how messy it be Lil Wayne hat tipped Dickies fall to my feet I done went a lot of places The same nigga that be jumpin' out some cases Yes I pull up in my Compresser (Mmm-hmm) You seen me earlier in the Lexus That's how we do it What, got something against me and my cash money brothers Yeah I thought but nigga know that I'm a young head buster I come to tear this mother...Don't say that I keep it real like a mamasita don't play that What's happenin' Shipa (???) Hot Boy gangsta rap writer I write your crew when you spit but my beats tighter My nigga Fresh come with tracks that'll move you  He hit you with the *erre-check-erre-check* One-Two (Ha Ha) Now wait what where my guns at Where all my niggas who ready to bust back Now check this look: I don't think you niggas ripped ever what I can bring 20 or 30 bullets close range to your frame This h-o-t-b-o-y-u-p-t be where I'm found *inhales* Smoke on a pound and come to tear your neighborhood down Look here neggey you think you really ready? No, I hit make 'em sick like a *choghs* bad cold Lil Doogey and I ride the 4 by 4 shh  Nigga I'm too fast you can't slow my roll What [Mannie Fresh] Whoa Kemosabe, Big ballin is my hobby 2 bitches in the room 2 bitches in the lobby Baby what!? Tear this motherfucker up You don't want it in your mouth put it in your butt Breathe it up like town  I represent down 7 ward nigga with a mean-mug frown Knock a bitch out, then wake a bitch up Then knock a bitch out again Y'all pick the bitch up I ask a bitch like Mia How the fuck you gonna see a  Bad ass mad ass captain bitch beater (MMMM) What's the difference between me and your pipes Please, 20 G's you dick suckin' morphodites I got the brand new car the Downtown Superstar Saint Bernard to DeVille nigga you know who i are Project pecker, scatter site wrecker Comin' out your 'Bauds hoes y'all wait a second How the fuck you gonna kill this These bitches love the willist (realist) Ask your pa who the man (Mannie in old man's voice) I ain't gonna lie, he the realist [Lil Wayne] Y'all niggas ain't ready for us  Get your guns up  We come and tear it up (what) Y'all niggas ain't ready for us  Get your guns up  We come and tear it up (what) These niggas ain't ready for us (huh) Y'all niggas ain't ready for us (what) These niggas ain't ready for us  6 figures hot boys cash money brothers (uh-uh) These niggas ain't ready for us (what) These niggas ain't ready for us We come to (what) Put your guns up We come to (what) Tear this mother up (huh) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Lil Wayne Album: How You Luv That Vol. 2 Song: Tell Me Typed by: HotBoi226@aol.com [Baby] And these hoes still lickin niggas earrings and shit, diamonds and shit Nigga break it up, rock it up, bake it up That's what homeboys do when they tryin to see somethin Nigga shake it up, warm it up, cut it up Playboy, won't you help a nigga come and move somethin Nigga tint it up, rim it up, paint it up That's what Cash Money do when they go and buy somethin Nigga spend it up, drink it up, throw it up That's the Cash Money modo, we don't give a motherfuck Nigga shoot it up, boot 'em up, snort it up That's what homeboys do when they beefin or somethin Nigga makem' up, stack it up, jack it up That's what playboys do when they come up on somethin Nigga ice it up, dress it up, bezel it up That's what Cash Money do when they lexin or somethin Hoes suck it up, lick it up, drank it up That's what hoes be doin tryin to come up on somethin [Wayne & Mannie] Tell me what kinda Nigga got diamonds that'll, "BLING", blind ya Tell me what kinda Nigga wear Roleys that'll out-shine ya Tell me what kinda Nigga got diamonds that'll, "BLING", blind ya Tell me what kinda Nigga wear Roleys that'll out-shine ya [Lil Wayne] Now now, it's Lil Weezy steppin on the gas, so smash I don't mean to drive fast but I'm in a Jag Catch me speedin up the block flossin, showin my golds Wit me drop top ridin 'til me ??? explode Got a vehicle wit games in it 30 thousand dollar Rolex wit Wayne in it Got a Benz and a truck, 20 on my feets Plus a house by the beach that I barely see Man this the life behind the wheel of a Diablo doin 90 Boltin my doors up so that you can see me shinin Tymer tymer, think you can phase, not hardely I'm still a rider, and I tote K's, can't harm me I pass ya block up, ya son amazed, but I'm sorry It aint my damn that ya'll aint never saw a Ferrari But you can check it, I aint gon' even much sweat it I'm headed to the casino wit 3 G's doin better [Wayne & Mannie] Tell me what kinda Nigga got diamonds that'll, "BLING", blind ya Tell me what kinda Nigga wear Roleys that'll out-shine ya Tell me what kinda Nigga got diamonds that'll, "BLING", blind ya Tell me what kinda Nigga wear Roleys that'll out-shine ya [Mannie Fresh] You could take the ugliest broad in yo city Dress her up and make the ugly duck look pretty Me? number one pimp, playa >From the Himalaya, broads love the way I say a... Mack-a-docious super knockout rap Sittin in the club wit ya bitch in my lap Now that's a cap Guess who's comin to dinner Captain weenie wit a beenie, best believe he fin' to Stick a pickle dead up in yo mouth Work it in and out If you gon' scream, then scream, if you gon' shout, then shout Your name should be "oh" 'cause the thangs you do Or suck that pickle, yeah, dat thang fit you Ya yuckey don't miss a dropped star I love it when ya do me in back of the car You's a hot heated porno shooter, sex tooter Barracuda, standin in the nud-a Girl you da, reason why my dick standin heavy Fuckin in the Chevy House, lake in front levy I want to dedicate this song to all the [edited] and they belly The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers Album: How You Luv That Vol. 2 Song: Top of the Line Niggas Typed by: markthomas@netalpha.net (Lil' Wayne) Top of the line nigga Check Verse 1: Excuse me, let me introduce me La, la uptown top of the line HB See i'm a million dollar nigga Rolex on my wrist crushed Ain't too many can touch Baby i'm too much I'm fifteen with fifteen karats and fifteen figures with fifteen niggers and fifteen hummers with triggers I'm way at the top  Up the million dollar spot Want to flex what I got  Make niggas sick like a drop Every show I get You can give a quarter key Tryin to ?? sale but they cost six-five to see me While we be goin shows Baby transporting keys Findin' out always to beat the N.O.P.D But uh-uh Can't stop me from shinin', no uh-uh Can't stop my rolie from windin, yeah I (Sniff) I-I blow niggas minds Me and Prime up in the five  Dog it's top of the line (Chorus)(Lil' Wayne & Baby)2x Say Whotay  La la need have diamonds like me Whotay Need to see the leather in the Humvee Whotay Us niggas six figures Whotay Top of the line niggas Verse 2: Nigga I just ordered me something new Some six generation technology that's only made for movies Comin' from Tennessee and I'm in Lousiville on 23rd street Hangin with this hot boy chillin Tryna find a way to drop a hundred keys on these niggas And I peep in this shit that be shinin like me , nigga Ridin on twentys and be playin these hoes  These niggas in Lousiville gotta a mouth full of gold But see playboy I be bout that shinin These niggas bout that reppin' While I be bout "BIG Tymin" Nigga, i'm so tru ?? whatever I do I just bought new cars for the whole crew I'm so top of the line nigga  I don't what to do I bought Fresh a Lamborghini and me a loaders, fool Verse 3: I got the jucuzzi nigga in the back of the truck Runnin' water for your daughter when she want to get buck Cable satelleite dish, sony remote ?? sold me a truck  ?? sold me the boat I got some shit on my finger that'll blind the crowd I got some shit in my truck that's way too loud I'm the most looked back in the year '98 Y'all got to love me baby Don't I look great Dog, gave me the gift so I could share it y'all Like Michael Jordan y'all goin' see me ball Verse 4: One million, two million, three  Oh! it's my part That lil' nigga whole heart  Lexus automatic start I shine like eighteen  And sparkle like a bezzel Ridin' up yo' block  In the fully loaded ledger And the navigator on ?? But that's for tommorrow though Shaggin' up for hundred  With ?? and Mario That slut that's me In the GS 3 So play the backseat  Suck on me watch yo' teeth And um wipe yo feet  'Fore you step under my bell  Ding dong ?? bell worth a mill so what the hell  What like my smile  Three million dollar grin What this me playin introduce me to your friend  It's all gravy baby hot boy you should know it In a mercedes baby mm hmm that's beatiful Look i'm large bro Be flyin up and down the lake on CBR's bro In my garage ?? my place I got 4 cars bro I swear me and my brothers we superstars bro La la it's marvelous You see I "bloop" bust like a bottle i'm all wet Go cash bout four checks  Yo' wife ?? till' get more wet I sticks to the cool  Reeboks and Girbauds It's all about a mill  These hoes, diamonds and golds  (Chorus) (Lil' Wayne talking) Yeah  Playboy it's like this Hey, get the shovel man  Let's go bubble all this ice It's wonderful Baby  (Manny Talking) Truly marvelous  Y'all tryin to rub me like jeans But y'all need to wear y'all own, man Come on man you can't fit me, man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Hot Boys Album: I Got That Work Song: We Ain't Stoppin' Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Lil' Wayne] Whoa, whoa The Big Tymers, nigga Who? Who? The Big Tymers, nigga Huh? Get it right [Juvenile + (Lil' Wayne)] Bentley interior - I lay back on it Every time a nigga see me it's a Kodak moment Now, I ain't the one to brag (Nope) But I bought myself a Hummer, my brother a Jag (For sure) I'm takin' all the hoes, and I'm makin' you mad (Yeah) You violate my household, I'm bustin' your ass Is you listenin'? Do you see my ice when it's glistenin'? 'Cause if you're with that baller blockin', niggas comin' up missin' then [Lil' Wayne] I need a (?) to get right up in my new Prowler And put her lips tight on this pipe to suck out the problems Need a Rolex with princess cuts all at the bottom Need a kit with twenty-inches on the car that I'm drivin' Went from dimes to quakes, to money like Bill Gates Doin' a-hundred on interstates in Hummers on thirty-eight's See, we are the CMB, my nigga Fresh, Baby, Hot Boys, and Wheezy Whee, my nigga What (Hook [B.G.]) Wherever it's poppin' - we stoppin' But if it ain't hot then - we not then Wherever it's twurkin' - we workin' She got to be slurpin' - for certain [Turk] Project and hood rat bitch is who I like A bitch that's 'bout ridin', and goin' on flights [Mannie Fresh] What I met this bitch in Cabrini Green - a nasty hoe Liked that dick from the back, and you could {low cough} in her throat [Turk] A bitch that's 'bout hustlin' and smugglin' work Head bustin' and thuggin' just like Turk [Mannie Fresh] A wild bitch off Grave Street doin' her thing Big ass, big tits, and she loved eatin' ding-a-ling [Turk] I need a black hoe (black hoe) - one with the braids in her head Workin' with some ass that could give good head [Mannie Fresh] Can't forget about this bitch up in Philly on Richard Island Freak-nasty bitch that's always swallowin' [Turk] Stickin' to the G-Code, Ree's, and Girbauds Got hands and 'bout strappin', quick to beat a hoe [Mannie Fresh] Oops, almost forgot about Tasha up in the watts A hot girl for sure that stayed drop-me-like-it's-hot (Hook [B.G.]) Wherever it's poppin' - we stoppin' But if it ain't hot then - we not then Wherever it's twurkin' - we workin' She got to be slurpin' - that's for certain [Baby + (Lil' Wayne)] Bitch, I'ma be stun'n until the day I go (What?) Bentley's and Hummers, and drop Di-a-blos (What?) Runnin' with niggas that don't love no hoe (What?) Platinum grill 'cause, bitch, I'm done with gold [Lil' Wayne] Hey, Now, you know it's Lil' Wheezy off the heezy Believe me - whoa Hot like pepper, slidin' out the Kompressor slow Me and your wife - slut, don't slam my door Cut on the lights - look how the damn watch glow [Baby + (Lil' Wayne)] Hold up, Wayne (What) You know what, Wayne (Whoa) I'ma get in this bitch and do donuts, man [Lil' Wayne] Now wait, Bubble You gon' make me go buy a Grape Hummer And put my name in diamonds on the license plate, cousin [Baby] Now, peep me, slick I got a hoe out the project that eat the dick She a freaky bitch [Lil' Wayne] Nigga, you know it's Iceberg, boy - straight off the block With the number-one stunna, and we blazin' hot What (Hook [B.G.]) Wherever it's poppin' - we stoppin' But if it ain't hot then - we not then Wherever it's twurkin' - we workin' She got to be slurpin' - for certain Wherever it's poppin' - we stoppin' But if it ain't hot then - we not then Wherever it's twurkin' - we workin' She got to be slurpin' - that's for certain The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman f/ Drake, Lil Wayne Album: Pricele$$ Song: 4 My Town (Play Ball) Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Intro: Birdman] Yeah So priceless Life so priceless nigga You understand me, it's just like that My car so priceless My bitch so priceless My familia is so priceless nigga You understand me? Either you with us Or you ain't with us Either you in tha huddle Or you out the huddle Either you ridin' Or we passin', flyin' by saying fuck ya It's Young Money Cash Money playboy That's about the size of 'em At the roof top So hot up here nigga YEAHHH LET'S GO! [Chorus: Drake] Take yourself a picture when I'm standing at the mound And I swear it's going down, I'm just reppin' for my town Off a cup of C.J. Gibson, man I'm faded off the pound And I'm easily influenced by the niggas I'm around See that Aston Martin when I start it hear the sound I ain't never graduated I ain't got no cap and gown But the girls in my class who were smart enough to pass Be at all my fucking parties, grabbing money off the ground [Drake] Yeah, all hail Mr. Lyrical Spades of the Opus baby What you got a feeling for I can show you new things Have you feeling spiritual Pastor Kerney Thomas to these hoes' miracles! Yeah ok they say that I'm the one in fact Some say that I'm they favorite But I ain't hearing none of that I'm all about my team hoe, Young Money running back Cash money superstar, where the fuck is Stunna at? [Birdman] Untouchable, 40 with my AK, master mind Big money heavyweight On the grind, flippin' money in every way Headlines, my bitch shine everyday Pearl white Don P., Marc Jacob glove Cartier Louis case with a dope blood From the mud where they wet you Leave you in ya blood Goin' in flip a hundred get the young plug Show 'em where it go, floatin' on the float Gettin' mo' dough, grind hard, go! Black diamond show, watch the flame blow And how you stay grounded, cash no go And how you stay mounded, cash no flow And how you stay shinin', Bentley off the floor And how you stay high, purple pine dro Diamond mink furs, February snow. [Lil Wayne] CJ, YEAH, STUNNA! Uhhh, you know you're paid When you got Baby with you It's Young Money, like Ben Frank's baby pictures I'm the lady twista, I kiss her whiskers I been runnin' this shit, blisters Stickin' to the script, movie star money And if you gassed up, I leave the car runnin' I'm a big smoker, I'm a little drinker The peace sign is just a trigger and the middle finger W-what you know 'bout it, man y'all clueless I let two women ride me, that's carpoolers I rock stupid ice, Mr. Water Coolers If y'all in the building, then we are intruders Simmer me down pimpin', let me handle this I know the game, analyst Man I'm the shit, and y'all janitors Blow out the kush and crack a smile for the cameras! [Baby Talking] Drizzy One hundred The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman/Baby f/ DJ Khaled, Dre, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross, Young Jeezy Album: 5 Star Stunna Song: 100 Million Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DJ Khaled] Dis for the hood, dhis for the ghetto Dis is for all them niggaz gettin that money Dat cash money, that 100 million dollar money Nigga we got money - WE THE BEST~! [Rick Ross] Ridin big, gettin mine Two microwaves flip a brick at a time Bandana on the handle ready for the whip When I wear the whitest soft watch it disappear (Boss) I disappear in the middle of the night When I reappear bet the boss look so bright Fo' life, dough boy More strikes, oh boy We ridin low, gettin high Eighty round drum let you know the time When you see the Maybachs niggaz know it's mine Ridin on the two-fours, I'm ahead of my time Watch one of a kind, another one on my mind Phone bill four grand, get your hoe in the line In the hood hoe niggaz act funny Only real niggaz live to get to touch cash money [Chorus: Dre] I spent about a 100 million dollars 100 million dollars 100 million dollars And I came from the ghetto (ghetto) And I came from the ghetto (ghetto) If ya ghetto hold ya hood up If ya ghetto hold ya hood up If ya ghetto hold ya hood up If ya ghetto hold ya hood up If ya ghetto [Birdman] Everyday a new whip homie So you know I gets my shine on Flip after we flip homie So you know I gets my grind on (gets my grind on) Hold up, Birdman daddy Pullin up in that brand new Caddy Got money, livin lavish Got bitches shippin baggage Yeah, move them thangs Get them thangs, switch that lane Get that change, flip them thangs Get yo' money homey do yo' thang (Get yo' roll on) See I got 'em like ten times Spend money got it like ten times Flip that got it like ten times Got money like ten mo' times nigga [Young Jeezy] I'm from the ghetto, bottom of the hood, the slums Money out here we just tryin to get some Cool like Dre, nigga A like K When you talk about me you better watch what you say (whoo!) Don't ever keep them thangs where you lay Cause them pussy ass-niggaz show the folks where you stay Thought he was your dog, said he was a G Sounds like another counterfeiter to me Niggaz move sloppy and I really don't like it They'll fuck around and get everybody indicted Saw the shit comin you woulda thought I was a psychic Fuck around and go dead broke tryin to fight it [Lil Wayne] I I I all night it, I every day it And when it comes to my dues, I overpaid it Rated hood bitch, bitch I'm hood bitch I ain't a asshole, but I'm on some hood shit I wish I would switch, I don't know how Bloodgang swarm like a red ant pile Mean mug, like I can't smile Like my grill big cost me a 100 thou' [DJ Khaled] Cash Money millionaires, Cash Money billionaires Cash Money trillionaires, we rich~! We ain't never gonna stop, never We got money nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman/Baby f/ Lil Wayne Album: 5 Star Stunna Song: Believe Dat Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Stunna it's yo' turn baby~! Ha, and me, the heartthrob Yeah, I be with them different hoes No I mean them different hoes I mean the... believe dat Uh huh, yeah, believe dat I flip, tell 'em girl Shorty, believe dat [Birdman] Got a bitch in the back, got a hoe in the front Got work in the back, got more in the front It be the Birdman baby, everything kosher Birdman baby, feathers all over Tony Montano, white leather soft sofas Got too many cars, so now I buy chauffers All about my penny like a motherfuckin loafer I was in the crack game befo' bakin soda Bitch I'm a O.G., bitch I'm O.G. I'm gettin high off my money 'til I OD See you don't know me, them bitches know me My old hoes tellin me go back to gold tee King size bed, nigga gold sheets Gold bottle for breakfast nigga let's eat I got five, and they all sexy They all drive new cars and they love me [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Yeah, cause I be with them different hoes No I mean them different hoes I mean the... believe dat Uh huh... believe dat Tell 'em girl... believe dat What's your name? .. Believe dat Where you from? .. Believe dat I know what'cha sayin .. believe dat Psych I'm just playin, but believe dat [Birdman] Look fresh with the heavy metal you know I need that Gucci stay fly on the stage, believe dat We one of a kind, we do it 'til you see me black Ice with the chrome and the silver how you love dat Too fresh, too cool, too shiny, too fool Too sunny, spend money, that's just what we do Believe I'ma shine, believe I'ma grind Believe me your girl at my house all the time Believe I'm about to hustle, believe me I've got the miscle Believe I'm the stunna man, you know I know the struggle Come from the pot and pan, come from another land Come with a better game, Baby I'm the Birdman [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Yeah, cause I be with them different hoes No I mean them different hoes I mean them Weezy, believe dat So you just gon' cut me off? Believe dat What? .. You believe dat? I know what'cha sayin .. believe dat I feel you ... believe dat Hey why you cryin? Believe dat Yo you ain't lyin, believe dat [Birdman] Yeah, yeah I'm on the yacht and boats, pills and hydro Broads and money homey that's what a nigga know She know I shine cuz, you know I grind cuz She know I'm high with the metal all the time cuz And she believe me, and she all in me We poppin bottles to a view of the ocean B I'm all in see, I'm all good daddy I'm the Birdman, you know I'm in the new Caddy Believe me, she get money just like me I stay strapped with the flame in my new fleet A hundred millon doller suede seats with the leather seats With the gator on the front with the platinum teeths [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Yeah bitch! Cause I be with them different hoes No I mean them different hoes I mean them Weezy, believe dat So you just gon' cut me off? Believe dat Girl what? .. Believe dat? I understand .. believe dat I really don't ... believe dat My girl say, and I say believe dat My girl say, and I say believe dat [Birdman] Ya heard me? Yeah, believe dat one hundred Let me tell you shorty I want my shorty, give me that I like them tall thin and short Girl what? Believe dat, believe dat~! Believe dat For real though, one hundred Nigga believe dat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman (Baby) f/ Lil Wayne Album: Fire Flame (S) Song: Fire Flame Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Birdman] + (Lil Wayne) Yeah, Y.M. C.M.B. Believe that (Stunna, what it is) You already know Young (Young Money, Cash Money) 100 hundred (believe that!) [Chorus: Birdman] + (Lil Wayne) Fire flame, flame, fire flame spitters {*2X*} Bitch we the business, hundred million dollars {*2X*} (What'cha talkin' bout?) Fire flame, flame, fire flame spitters {*2X*} Bitch we the business, hundred million dollars {*2X*} [Birdman - over Chorus] Yeah, just like that (Yes!) Young.. let's go (Uhh.. there I go!) [Lil Wayne] Fresh offa my bid, bitch it's Lil Tunechi I Lucille Ball; bitch I love Lucy If these niggaz dogs, I'm animal cruelty Don't fuck with me at all, cause I'm twisted like in an Rubik's Cube - oh my look how the time has flown And they say time is of the essence but what if that clock is wrong? But all my problems will be second and all my worries will be gone And I'll have moneybags for breakfast smell like "Bitch I'm Rich" cologne Ha~! I'm so relaxed, my Gucci flats ain't got a scratch And if you got problems with eye, well I will fix them cataracts They say it cost to be the boss, I pay the price includin tax Bitch I'm a fire flame spitter and to me you niggaz wax, ugh! [Birdman] Yeah, shinin like new money.. In this world with my tommy gun, banana clip the redrum Hundred million dollars, put my life down for my son Spend a little cash, bust a nigga ass Five star nigga, two mill' on the dash Yeah, militant minded Uptown soldier, you have been blinded Grindin all the time bitch stuntin and we shinin Divin in deep shit, the money keep climbin Blap! The-the-the bottles keep poppin Dom P, Rose, Perrier poppin Them bitches see we rockin, the whips we be rockin Iced up, tatted up, fire flame (fi-fire flame) [Lil Wayne] Uhh, I-I got pussy comin to me Shotgun in my drawers make your woman bite the bullet Sittin in my hog tell my chaffeur "To the penthouse" Pockets so deep it's like my money gotta swim out Marley sayin fuck 'em, Scoob sayin fuck 'em Bitch I'm still the best overall like a jumper Weezy F F, fire flame spitter Hundred million dollars, pocket change nigga [Birdman] See these first class flights? We strapped up in the trenches Nigga want some business bitch we gettin it in this business Them ten figure niggaz, blood rich game nigga Fire flame spitters, point blank nigga Money and the power, swag out the shower Spendin nigga then them pussies runnin like some cowards Bigger than life nigga, C4 bitch Hundred million dollars, my son born rich, BLAP! [Birdman - over Chorus] Fresh off the island Swag... all day every day Shinin like new money Filthy 'bout our riches Moolah crazy Uptown generals Five star Yeah, yeah bigger than life C4, yeah Hella choppers, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman (Baby) f/ Lil Wayne Album: Fast Money Song: Get it All Together Typed by: bezziefflippa@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus 2X: Baby] Shit, we tryin' to get it all together And spend a lil chaddar and fly in any weather nigga And homie you get the money and the power Then them hoes come and holla and fly in any weather pimpin' [Weezy] I see you haters, hatin' on the way a nigga think But I'm laughing, laughing all the way to the bank And I, I kinda act like my shit don't stink On a toilet with the burner taped under the sink Like a Russian I'll rullet the bullet Yea straight to ya head give a nigga a mullet I'm a Cash Money brother a lover of money Yea the tummy is showin' but the hunger is growin' What part cha' don't understand What you ain't know I'm like Kobe You niggaz can't check me go head Bowens And I never left the team cause I'm catchin' every pass Stunna McNabb yeah he like go head Owens yea Bet I'd put a nigga on his ass Squlou and Big Whop make show he don't last And young Wayne do song about the story With Birdman singin' on the chorus, nigga [Baby] Look, a ticket here and a ticket there And I'm the first out the hood to get rich nigga still here Its big paper in the prime of my life my nigga We take it off ya' shoulder broad daylight my nigga It's Stunna Island biggest baler in the city The Range Rover rally strip on them 26's Gucci down when the Birdman in ya' town We blow out the pound rollin' through Uptown Canary yellow Cash Money iced out piece Like father, like son we beasts on these streets Well let me bring you back to 1993 Where I met four lil niggaz in the 3 We got big, we grinded in them city streets And three left and they all tryin' na beef me There's one Birdman and one J.R We neighborhood superstars fuck y'all [Weezy] Murcing every murderer In the garden I'm burstin' hittin' serpents up And in the Carter we still workin' with that work for ya' I'm the God and the turban fits perfect, word Puffing' on that precious piff purple herb swerve Dang, -----------is on the curve The fed's walkin' so I'm talking with slurge And we never sell a bird to a mockingbird We find out where you stay and we mark your turf Lace ya' house with a bomb make you walk in first Oh, and ya' is sharp with hers She cook a nigga steaks and cool-aid for thirst, yeah See we murderers but do it like gangsta We really never show it but everybody know it And Slim askin' me to focus on the flow While I'm tryin' to have coke for the low on the low, man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman (Baby) f/ Lil Wayne Album: Fast Money Song: Get Your Shine On Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Baby] Yeah We gon go old school Ya know what I'm sayin If you from where I'm from Ya know what I'm talkin bout the way we do this here this is a cash money classic and I feel couldnt nobody do it the way ima do it ya know what I'm sayin so, here we go world, I'm bringin it to your world from my world ya know what I'm talkin bout look I say [Chorus: Baby] Get your shine on {*3X*} So nigga stop hatin' Get your shine on {*3X*} You know we gonna make it Get your shine on {*3X*} So nigga stop hatin' Get your shine on {*3X*} You know we gonna make it [Baby] In one you trust, the neighborhood is us And everything that I ride is 22s and up And everytime that I slide, you know I'm platinum plus Make the hood understand that we trying to come up 24s on trucks, just the neighborhood lust Tell Lil' One be cool everybody coming up Cause everybody wanna ride, everybody wanna shine So how ya love that people? Everybody on the grind And these projects cuts ya, ya hood rich livin lavish Those 14s, you know we had to have it Once upon a time it was nothing but magic Hustling right in front of my mama, Ms. Gladys Chasin paper paper chasin, look thats all we know Comin through the neighborhood on them 24s Bet a thousand, shoot a thousand, nigga up it some more Fast money, Cash Money, thats all I know One [Lil Wayne] They say I walk around like I got an S on my chest That be that Cash Money Piece, flow rest in the deck I'ma specially set, No testin the best Be in class, no pencil, no test on the desk I'll make ya mouthpiece so beast like Delereese I'm from the south streets of beast like Lil' Weez E, F baby for the team I rep daily I come to the defense like Jeff Bailey, I'm gone wit it A chrome kitted, A foam pit in the back of it Phony tittie bitches come home with me, get the business I made bling bling, I'm like a lighthouse So shut that ice in cause he ain't iced out Pay attention closely, You niggaz can never roast me Cause the maker of the testerosta knows me Oh hes so arrogant, the cocky kind But you always looking cause I'ma shine, thats right [Baby] Loud mics and big rims, nigga thats my life Come through the neighborhood with my homeboy price Lets get it understood, nigga thats my price Come through the neck of the woods, you be alright Cause I'm pimpin, I'm pimpin pimpin, I'm comin thru And I'm dippin, I'm dippin dippin, them 22s And they spinnin, they spinnin spinnin, them sprewells nigga them sprewells nigga, we makin mail nigga Don't need no introduction in this I can grind in every ghetto, trying to stay hood rich You can ask a nigga bout me, you know I'm bout my shit I was made by guerillas, raised the hot boy click Cause I'm the birdman and I'll do you something bad You heard man that I been slangin them slacks Thats my word man, I won't stunt nigga I won't stunt nigga, I'm gonna stunt nigga, One The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Baby f/ Cam'Ron, Lil' Wayne Album: Birdman Song: Ghetto Life Typed by: ILLeStBaLLeRWS@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Man talking] Ok, we got the Birdman in the building (the birdman) We got Killa in the building (yeah) We got Young Weezy in the building (Weezy) [Verse 1: Lil' Wayne] Nigga it's, B-M, J-R, Weezy baby Tryna see him, naw, he need to even eighty (shut yo chips up) And, I ain't speakin G's, I'm talkin M And I'm walkin like a pimp in (piiiiiimp) them all street tims Man shorty got more green than a Boston Gems Green (?) , they don't cost in rims Wayne appear, nigga put a walls in ya ear Let ya know a fuckin boss up in here How much it cost for this here? How much it cost for this year? Cuz Me and Stunna bout to buy it Put yo spoons down, Cash Money off the diet I pass in a ride on triot, that's traze But those who was in the days when the teachers was on that pay I'm raise in the cajun cage, with a bit of amazing grace And prone to move coke at a amazing pace Man my daddy super Dave, let's race it Real not have me, B I'ma win it, I'm a champ [Chorus: TQ] In the ghetto life, I'm a ghetto boooooy (ghetto booooooy) Livin in the ghetto me, in the ghe-tto streeeeeets (Somebody tell me what's crackin before) I'm a ghetto life, any second dogg I can blow uuuuuup For ghetto me, and you best to be watchin me Ghetto, ghetto, Ghetto Life [Verse 2: Baby] Aye, aye, holla at me T-Keez, T-Keezy, Birdman, Birdman See I ride in them shake (34's) when I'm pimpin these hoes (beyotch!) It's just that, (TQ:Sunshine City!) when I'm smokin that dro When it comes to this ice, real livin his life Get moeny, pimpin hoes, with these ghetto type Nigga check the background, I got O.G. stripe Just a hoodrich nigga flippin birds on a bike Not survive in this world with guns, pahs, and knifes Pour out, a lil' liquor, mami lost her life All my niggas in the penitentiary holdin that life See I'm stunnin for my niggas with this chromed out pipes This swish interry foreign german lifes (beyotch) And I keep this big toolie just protect my ice (holla at me nigga) I act, a damn fool, when I'm full of that white (absolute beyotch) But it's the Birdman daddy with these ghe-tto stripes Ghe-tto hood (Uptown), Ghe-tto pipe (9 Millimeter) Ghe-tto walk (yeah), With my ghe-tto life (Beyotch) [Chorus: TQ] In the ghetto life, I'm a ghetto boooooy (ghetto booooooy) Livin in the ghetto me, in the ghe-tto streeeeeets I'm a ghetto life, any second dogg I can blow uuuuuup For ghetto me, and you best to be watchin meeeee Ghetto, ghetto, I'm a Ghetto Life [Verse 3: Cam'Ron] Uh-huh, Diplomats, man listen Ayyo the duck just born, I need seven more leaders C-Five, Fo'-Fum, and a Seven-Fo' fever (what else) Act up though I let the Fo' fever leave ya (leave ya) Dice game, head crack, Six-Fo' fever (fever) When I'm in L.A., I got Six-Fo' fever (fever) Fever for the flava of a six-foot diva (let 'em know) I told the po to feave her, I'm a bouty crook Out to juuust, not a chef (?) know how to cook With the piece stocks, cook up the rocks Seventh Delenix is hot, I done cook up the block Send glocks to ya block, out done cook up yo sspotss That's how coke for that cook up his watch (what else though?) I'm one of those, that will look up to Pac (why?) Cuz when I get pulled over, cook up the cops (damn, follow what) All they say is, look at his drop (what else?) Hand on my liscence, look at his watch (fuck em) But, thug shit dogg, we down with Baby (baby) We come through clownin baby (baby) And if we, surrounded babies, ducktape the kids to the wall Then shoot circle all around the baby, Killa! [Chorus: TQ] In the ghetto life, I'm a ghetto boooooy (ghetto booooooy) Livin in the ghetto me, in the ghe-tto streeeeeets I'm a ghetto life, any second dogg I can blow uuuuuup For ghetto me, and you best to be watchin meeeee Ghetto, ghetto, In a Ghetto Life [Cam'Ron talking] It's nothin man, Killa! Diplomats, Cash Money Baby, holla! Jim Jones, Santana, what's good, Roc-a-Fella (brrrrrrrrr-brrrrrrrr!) [Man talking] Birdman Fly, to hood near you Then they got 'em cheap (whoo!) (Yeah, ya know, ya know) Get that call out one more time (brrrrrrrr-brrrrrrrrr!) 3x *beat fades* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Baby (AKA The #1 Stunna) f/ Lil Wayne Album: Birdman Song: I Got To Typed by: MXPlanet2000@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne] Bitch look up in the sky it's the bird fucking man Junior daddy  shitting on the game You probably see me sitting on the Range I'm hustling  look up in the sky it's a bird of some cain Aye, I flip it twice and I serve in the game Shout it Ride fly, 20 birds on that thang I say shout it Ride high dro burn my brain Gotta let a boy  I re-earn my thang And my five pound germ might sing A song - if you wanna sing say Bling And if you ever see my pa say King And if you ever see his son say Weezy baby! New prints of the Big Easy baby Ya'll niggas can't see me, but I see you lil Pha Pha baby Ya dude can't lose  I'ma spread my wings and fly away brrrr! Know why I stay so fucking fly? Stay dipped in every kind of ice? Big rims on every ride? Cause I got to, I got to nigga Live life you ain't gone live it twice Pop cris, smoke dro, and get that white Don't worry bout the price Cause I got you, I got to nigga [Baby] It's the king of the flyer That ride skinny tires I'm so so high and I'm so so higher Its me and Jr. that's so so fly Fuck them other niggas cause they need to retire We pluck polar bear winter on my side Sitting on the swine  alligator punch-line Super stitch in my leather  pockets full of cheddar Smoke sticky, icky, icky, icky We drank absolute cristal for breakfast New whips come out  I puts it together Tell you how I do it  I change my leather No stock Blackwood with the foreign feathers And German eyes with them Gucci sweaters Bought mami the matching shit and plucked her feathers I wipe it down bitch  bird lady forever Birdman switch from Rees to (?) leather [Baby] She was a raggedy bitch, switched her up, cleaned her life You no longer a scrub you the Birdman's wife So don't you think twice about this mink and leather shit You drive by the hood and bird shit on a bitch Drive anything you want cause you the Birdman's bitch Get anything you need and you roll with the clique Go to the club and get a front row seat Pop mo Don P just shit on a bitch See your fly now mami  used to be a dirty bitch Got all these hoes trying to ride your dick You maintain mami  you never just wild out That's why Stunna put you in that big ass house With the German floors with the wood grain side Mink on the door with the foreign G ride (?) Bird berry Gucci be a surprise No cost too high for my bitch to stay fly [Chorus 1x fades to talking] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman/Baby f/ Lil Wayne Album: 5 Star Stunna Song: I Run This Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Uh-huh, yeah Check me out Look! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] + (Birdman) (I run this bitch~!) And I'ma keep runnin I'ma keep runnin but I'm never runnin outta money I'ma dog, I'ma stunt, if I don't do nuttin And my car so pretty all these hoes wanna fuck it I got pussy wet paint, big boy shoes Soft-ass seats and my trunk go boom Got a black-ass gun and a bad yellow bitch And it looks like I'ma die like this [Birdman] Cause we be stunin on these bitches, get money on these bitches $250 on the wrist nigga we be the illest We be the realist, CMB niggaz Uptown soldier with the money to the ceiling Shinin like a diamond from a eagle to a pigeon Birds on the wire hundred deep and we chillin Fanger on the trigger that's that uptown livin High to the sky no divin for fishes Hustlin, doin donuts in the Lamb' Candy on the slab, 50 on the ave Hundred at the crib, get it how you live Stuntin on these bitches, red diamonds how I feel [Birdman] I'm a uptown solider, know how I roll her Money go get her, M.O.B. all over Hustlin with the birds, known to take it off your shoulder Grindin with the homies, got the game out the 'Nola Hundred G's wrap, hood with a strap Blowin on the dojo, nigga stuntin in a 'llac Chicken in the oven, wall safe for the stack Bought a brand new Range, and a brand new 'bach Old school Caddy, fifth wheel smack back A brand new truck, a brand new bike A brand new house, a brand new psych A brand new bitch live a hood rich life [Chorus] - 2X (second time with ad libs) [Birdman] Cash Money forever, ya heard me? Birdman, Lil Wayne, ya heard? Them niggaz know they gangsta in the hood ya heard? I'ma nigga out the Magnolia I can claim it ya heard? Them niggaz bitch street man They all was raised together man Niggaz Birdman and Lil Wayne, gangsters for life nigga {*fades out as he's talking*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman/Baby f/ Fat Joe, Lil Wayne Album: 5 Star Stunna Song: Make Way Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Hey! See me point that gun at y'all me no play! Me come for murder dem all the cowboy way! Me lick a shot sprayed from the set we make way! Me make way! Uhhh ohh no! Him 'fro so dark and him hat so low! Me never ever ever ask if he come solo! Now me head so hot, and me dreads so cold! Me so poor! Me come them say AYY! See me point that gun at y'all me no play! Me come for murder dem all the cowboy way! Me lick a shot sprayed from the set me make way! Me make way! Uhh oh no! Him 'fro so dark and him hat so low! Me never ever ever ask if he come solo! Now me head so hot, and me dreads so cold! Me so poor! [Verse 1: Fat Joe] Coca bitch! Here is somethin you can't understand How I can just kill a man~! Shame what the mac can do, K's spit faster I'll make an ass of you, save the theatrics Watch like a quarter mill', chain like double that I ain't got to talk about the half up in the duffle bag Stunna my brother, Weezy we the syndicate Hundred Phantoms, hundred Maybachs, I guess we're nigga-rich I'll yellow bottle your face in, trust me Look at all the shit I be talkin and no one touched me "Pray and pray for my downfall" Big said it, so I made it rain 'til it poured Speak from the heart, this emotional rap Catch feelings when you hear me, I'm supposed to do that Crack! A G what the streets done made me And the only language I speak is "Fuck you, pay me, bitch~!" [Chorus: Lil Wayne] And when me come them say AYY! See me point that gun at y'all me no play! Me come for murder dem all the cowboy way! Me lick a shot sprayed from the set me make way! Me make way! Uhh oh no! Him 'fro so dark and him hat so low! Me never ever ever ask if he come solo! Now me head so hot, and me dreads so cold! Me so poor! [Lil Wayne] Say pardon! Bad man no take pardon Peer gunshot army, dem make backup A man no fear no man, man no fear no one Man a real Islam, man a get down done A me no hear dem talk, me eat in me car Respect a soldier, him in a middle of war Me I'm Babylon gangster, Hollygrove monster You no look familiar, roofers them kill ya Gunshots I will cut then open toolbox and drill ya Jump off body and let the mailman meal ya Me think I'm gon need the almighty one to heal ya And me behind the jungle with the lion and we killer [Birdman] Yup! Put it in the air nigga Light your lighters in the air This for my dead homies, yeah! "Gangsta Gangsta," that's what we yellin Shoot him in his head, let his bitch go and tell 'em We in the hood, getting money, we swellin Bigger than life, you know it's the cheaper price Bigger your stripes, you know what we doin tonight We getting it right, we plan, they hit then flight We know the rules nigga, live by none Get it by none, bitch I'll kill for my son [Lil Wayne] Yeah! Gangsters don't live that long That's why we gotta party everyday like Frank came home And it's hard for me to say that my heart ain't yearnin To walk up in a church and believe the sermon But instead, I spark up and relieve the burnin Hoping that he understands my reasons for it No, I ain't evil, I'm equal And nigga I ain't sweet, motherfucker I'm diesel! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman f/ Drake, Lil Wayne Album: Priceless Song: Money to Blow Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com (Richer than the richest, mo' money bitches) [Drake - Intro] Yea..Coming to you live from... City of... (hehe) Houstatlantavegas (So what it do, young nigga? One hunnid...) [Drake - Verse 1ne] I am on a twenty-fo' hour, champagne diet Spillin while I'm sippin, I encourage you to try it I'm prol'ly just sayin that 'cause I don't have to buy it The club owner supply it, boy I'm on that fly shit I am, what everybody in my past, don't want me to be Guess what? I made it!  I'm the muh'fuckin man, I just want you to see  Come take a look, get a load of this nigga Quit frontin on me, don't come around  and try come gas me up, I like runnin on E Iii, I, I, I'm on my Disney shit - +Goofy+ flow On records I'm Captain Hook and my new car is Rufio Damn, where my roof just go? I'm somebody that you should know Get to shakin somethin 'cause that's what Drumma produced it for Yes I make mistakes that I don't ever make excuses for Like leavin girls that love me and constantly seducin hoes I'm losin my thoughts I say, "DAMN, where my roof just go?" Top slipped off like Janet at the Super Bowl  I got 'em! [Chorus: Drake] They can't help it, and I can't blame 'em Since I got famous, but BEEITCH~! I got money to blow I'm gettin it in  Lettin these bills fall all over your skin I got money to blow, OH-oh-oh, OH-oh-ohhhh  Oh-OH-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh I got money to blow, OH-oh-oh, OH-oh-ohhh Oh-OH-oh-oh-oh, oh, I got money to blow [Birdman - Verse 2wo] Cash Money Millionaires... yeah! Yea, richer than the richest, we certified gettin it  CM, YM, Cash Money bih'ness Higher than the ceilin, fly like a bird  Hit the Gucci sto', and later get served ...We smoked out, with no roof on it Them people passin, so we smash on 'em Ballin out, we keep the cash on deck LAMBORGHINI AND THE BENTLEYS ON THE V-SET Louis lens iced up with the black diamonds Cartier, Ferrari the new Spider No lie, I'm higher than I ever been Born rich, born Uptown, born to win Fully loaded, automatic six Benz Candy paint, foreign lights with my bitch in Born hustlin, too big nigga to size me up Count stuntin, mo' money - BURN 'EM UP [Lil Wayne - Verse 3hree] When I get paid every twenty-fo', hours, money and the power Come to V.I.P. and get a champagne shower I don't have to worry because everythang ours and I got a big bouquet of Mary Jane's flowers That kush; I promise that's my dude but we don't smoke that Reggie Bush And I'm with two women, make you take a second look We poppin like champagne bottles but we never shook and we go be alright if we put Drake on every hook The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman (Baby) f/ Lil Wayne Album: Fast Money Song: Neck of the Woods Typed by: mhhs_kanyewest@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Uptown.... Yeah...yeah..nigga Well let me take to to the neck of the woods In my hood (uptown) Show you wat we livin like (uptown) Well let me take to to the neck of the woods In my hood (uptown) Show you wat we livin like (uptown) [Lil Wayne] Shhh Gangsta to the core Ankle wrap flamer Paint your kicthen floor Wit your whore Shit you can't ignore Things you indore when you fuckin wit the boy All I hear is weezy don't kill me no more I hear your bullshit I play mat at door I'm not a category I ain't there wit y'all I got a positive vibe but I ain't scared of y'all Git the kid nigga did never that at all That rat a tat go off A black kak kak kak I gotta bitch so fine her name perrion She no how to stash quarters in a carry on I blow outta town grass when I'm outta town Uptown in the buildin not a sound Cuz killas don't get heard about They get whispered about Or you get murdered out (nigga) [Chorus: Birdman (Lil Wayne)] Well let me take to to the neck of the woods In my hood uptown Show you wat we livin like (walkin like a man Finger on the trigger got money in my pocket I'm a uptown nigga NIGGA!) Well let me take to to the neck of the woods In my hood uptown Show you wat we livin like (walkin like a man Finger on the trigger got money in my pocket I'm a uptown nigga NIGGA!) [Birdman] The first shot The first nigga got shot We bust him open like a blunt on a marley nigga (yeah) A hundred g's Nigga score some keys Then we went to the hood and then we started to ball nigga (started to ball) We know them people been paper chasin So we stay out the way then we pull out the hardest nigga We keep the gats close, incase you wan know You come to the hood I bet you a target nigga Its all good till you catch a case A nigga never escape cuz you edicted to money nigga Well let me bring you back yesterday I lil homie I know got full of that barma nigga Fuckin round wit that kid and play Nigga fuckin wit gs a nigga twisted his body nigga Well let me tell you bout this game I know You keep flippin dough homie you'll be ridin the flyest nigga [Chorus: Birdman (Lil Wayne)] Well let me take to to the neck of the woods In my hood uptown Show you wat we livin like (walkin like a man Finger on the trigger got money in my pocket I'm a uptown nigga NIGGA!) Well let me take to to the neck of the woods In my hood uptown Show you wat we livin like (walkin like a man Finger on the trigger got money in my pocket I'm a uptown nigga NIGGA!) [Lil Wayne] Got it on your mind let daddy say sumtin All that play buckin Gon get your face buttoned up Now when you smirk You look like jay-z's shirt Fuckin wit that turf, I'm puffin on that smurf Fuck it come holla and tell that poppa put away your dollas Your son got choppas And if you got enemies (yeah) Your son got enemies (believe that) That's uptown energy nigga! [Birdman] Don't waste no time on no bullshit If it ain't hood shit We spend a lil paper nigga Well if you catch 'em in the hood nigga It's all good shit Go head do me that favor nigga Well let me take you down deep in the inside It's where they hustle and the homies try to get it right It's when you gotta ride It's when the homie die And the money can't stop the pain in the inside [Chorus: Birdman (Lil Wayne)] Well let me take to to the neck of the woods In my hood uptown Show you wat we livin like (walkin like a man Finger on the trigger got money in my pocket I'm a uptown nigga NIGGA!) Well let me take to to the neck of the woods In my hood uptown Show you wat we livin like (walkin like a man Finger on the trigger got money in my pocket I'm a uptown nigga NIGGA!) Uptown...[repeat] [Birdman talks till end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Baby f/ Lil Wayne Album: 5 Star Stunna Song: Pop Bottles Typed by: jaydeeucf07@yahoo.com Chop with straight shots and then pop bottles Flirt with the hood rats then pop models Okay we poppin' champagne like we won a champ-ion-ship game Feel like I got on a champ-ion-ship ring Cuz I ball hard, no bitch we ball harder I am the Birdman, and I be J.R.-a [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] Okay stop with straight and shots then pop bottles Pour it on the models, shut up bitch swallow If you can't swallow, shut up bitch goggle Straight up out that water with my Marc Jacob goggles Fresher than a mother fucker, yep I'm a mother fucker No I won't take your girl, but I'll sure take her tub from her Can't you tell I'm in love woman, like no other woman Oh I'm sorry sweetheart, I though you were my other woman [Verse 2: Baby] As I recline behind my desk I ain't got a lot of Nikes but I got a lot of checks Got my own shoe brand, new on the set Went from sittin' in a cell to sittin' on a jet From shittin' in a cell to shittin' on a jet I lost too many friends, but I won too many bets I made too much money, I didn't make enough yet So I scratched and yes Jr. is the best So many niggas from my hood on they back So many niggas from your hood on they back That's why we so paid and it be like that I'd rather pop a bottle before I pop a gat [Verse 3: Baby] Yeah only sipping red champagne White tee red hat red bandanna Uptown choppers fuck a panya Fuckin with the birdman we fucking your propanya Fuckin with my son and we run up in your mansion Chopper make music bitch start dancin' Stunna man back so you know the circumstances And I'm cookin' up the Carter 3, no advances All my cars automated, automatic No lie we don't even drive no Astons Uptown we packin' and we stackin' Young Money, Cash Money we the champions [Baby talking] You already know what it is Stunna man, Jr. we bounce back like that Get mills with the mills baby The last mile its M.O.B. baby, One-hundred The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman f/ Future, Lil Wayne, Mack Maine, Nicki Minaj Album: Rich Gang Song: Tapout Typed by: riaaaaan89boom [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] If you hatin' you just need some pussy She fucked up when she gave me some pussy I said I fuck you better than that other nigga She say Tune I'm bout to cum, I say Im comin' which ya She don't like them pretty niggas, sidity niggas She ride this dick, her titties jiggle, that's my pillows That's because I sleep in that ho Hit it when I wake up tell the pigs I say osalamalekam ugh My bitch a choosy lover never fuck without a rubber Sweet yellow bone thing I call her honey mustard Pussy like a sea shell, dick like a V-12 She say I drive her crazy, I say just keep on your seatbelt Bend it over bust it open for me Baby bend it over bust it open for me She say she love me she loves this dick Come put that million dollar pussy on me make me rich Tunechi She got that million dollar Million dollar oow, oow She got that million dollar Million dollar oow, oow And all I want to do is touch it (oow, oow) Make her tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout And I'm gon' make her tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout [Verse 2:] Crib made her tapout, sauna made her tapout Jet made her tapout, polly with the map out Million on the diamonds, million on the kitchen Millions on the Maybach, glass top ceilings Million dollar pussy, sleepin' on Versace Sleeping on Fendi, sleepin on Cavalli Married to the money, millions in the bank Alexander McQueen rich in the paint I got that fuck you if you love me on some nigga shit She got the million dollar seven figure nigga rich We switch positions like we doin' your business bitch She get the shakin' then stiff She got that million dollar Million dollar oow, oow She got that million dollar Million dollar oow, oow And all I want to do is touch it (oow, oow) Make her tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout And I'm gon' make her tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout [Verse 3: Nicki Minaj] Million dollar pussy, million dollar pussy Six inch pumps, play with his balls dunks Ball head yep, don't want no Forrest Gumps Don't let me tell ya twice, already told you once Eat that pussy Who got that baddest pussy on the planet? D-Boyz love me, they don't understand it Million dollar pussy might pounce on that ass Threw them hundreds until I lose count on that ass Max out all of them accounts on that ass Million dollar checks dont bounce on that ass Pull up in that you can't afford this Only rap bitch on the Forbes list Pussy jury make em say burr man R-r-r-rubs hands like Birdman She got that million dollar Million dollar oow, oow She got that million dollar Million dollar oow, oow And all I want to do is touch it (oow, oow) Make her tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout And I'm gon' make her tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout Im in love with Egyptian skin you talkin about my .. I'm in prison with the pussy And I'm ballin no cushion Artist: Birdman f/ Lil Wayne, Nicki Minaj Album: Bigga Than Life Song: Y.U. Mad Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Nicki Minaj] {*imitating Lil Wayne*} I told stunna, y'kno They on dat regular-degular, huh-huh! I say me, I'm on that 1.5 on a skinny tire.. [Nicki Minaj] I am the female Weezy, this shit is easy Pull up in that new-new, bitch get a squeegee Yeah my flow's sick, yea-yeah my flow queasy Haha! They was sleepin on me -- Z-ZZ-Z-Z This pussy clean, this pussy squeaky That pussy old, that pussy creaky When I'm out the country, niggaz call me Neeki Hi, how are you? Yes it's nice to meet me Damn, Billboard! HA HA~! I mean I'm winnin but I'm STILL bored, heh! Yeah we shine, gold cluster As for your career - dead, Ghostbusters [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] That's why you mad That's why you, why you mad, mad That's why you mad That's why you, why you mad, mad That's why you mad That's why you, why you mad, mad That's why you mad That's why you, why you mad, mad [Birdman] Bigga Than Life, C4, we the business... Man, FUCK y'all niggaz, get down or lay down Shoot up anything except a school or playground Triple O.G. nigga, these hoes know me Shinin AK, Blood, just like a trophy I'm old school, and I'll smack a bitch Gettin money like a motherfuckin cracker, bitch What you know about it? Take notes, nigga YMCMB head coach, nigga Yeah... stuntman, stuntman Streetsweeper in my hand, get the dustpan Yeah, we done took off nigga Got the game on lock like football, nigga One hunnid [Lil Wayne] {*lights lighter*} Uh, I got the world in my wallet, Swisha full of violet Niggaz think they fly, make me check ya flight mileage That P on my hat is for Piru, not Pirates I bet I can turn her pussy to a fuckin fire hydrant And I do it for my niggaz, my muh'fuckin niggaz 'cause these hoes so thirsty like they got the fuckin hiccups I am beast, hoe, to say the least, hoe No cut on the coke, that's +Coke Zero+ Yeah... tonight, I'll probably fuck another nigga girl Party time, excellent, +Wayne's World+ Ha, this Cash Money, nigga, eat a dick Been had it on lock, gave the key to Nick' Yea... [Outro: Birdman] Yeah, Barbie, you the , baby What it do, one hunnid? YMCMB business, Bigga Than Life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Blaxuede f/ Lil Wayne, Turk Album: Dey Don't Kno Song: Bring Da Pain Typed by: BoyNThaHood99@aol.com, hot_boyz@mail.com Lil Wayne: Wha, Wha, Wha, Wha Cash Money, Wha, Wha, Wha Hot Boy$, Wha, Wha, Wha, Wha, Wha, W-Wha, La What it be like Get inside 'fore street lights 17 right I represent 'til I fall under the dirt boy I run wit' Juvenile, B.G., and Turk boy And we the hottest, of the hottest, of the damn hot In helicopters with my parters over land ha Now listen, I be wit killaz, guerillas, ridaz and head bustaz Drug dealers, wig splittaz, and Fed duckaz Don't be with no false man, haters, or rat niggaz They come around and I bust 'em in they cat kissers Ya understand Blaxuede: Now I done warned you not to battle me I leave more casualties, than the dollar bills in your salaries Snapin' these bitches into reality Cryin' and pain, blind by the chain Niggaz can't deny the reign It's a shame when I cock it back And it be like chill, on the real Ain't no stoppin' the black, under attack Nigga stuntin' and thumpin', all of y'all, the niggaz stuffin And like Michael Jackson, they always be startin somethin' Chorus: Lil Keenan (2x) We bring da pain, with the muthafuckin choppers in hand 504, Cash Money, droppin' niggaz like rain Bout to leave your body stankin' Nigga fuck what you sayin' Lil Keenan, Blaxuede, and Turk, Lil Wayne Turk: I'm Quick to put in Work Put your face on a T-Shirt Who that be 'bout combat, that be that nigga Turk Get down and filthy for mine at anytime, wodie And I slang iron for mine, you're outta line, wodie A guerilla, once I start ain't no stoppin' it When i start to cockin' it, bodies gon' be droppin' it I hit your set with 50 plus 50 more I catch you down bad and I ain't gon' let you go Blaxuede: I done came from the motherland, no other man standin' Standin' with the country that be standin' on this planet >From way back in line, to getttin' recognized And letti' niggaz know what's ion my motherfucki' mind >From a karaoke to a trophy >From not havin' it all to mostly To Larry king tryin' to host me And Jay Leno, came from the local in the N.O. To nationwide with my own ride with tinted windows >From the 1996 Black Limo Rental To a private Jet Flyin' me to Sacremento >From working in Winn-Dixie, to duets with Whitney >From Mad Dogg and Whiskey To moet 'til tipsey >From class to business That's from rags to riches Slowin' down from them poes to tryin' to pass them bitches >From "Girl he too black" to "Girl, Who that?" >From a lower 9 shack to where I'm livin' at I done came a long road my nigga, just peep game I done came from James Holmes my nigga, to Blaxuede And it's like that Lil Wayne: W-Wha, Wha, Wha W-Wha, Wha, Wha W-Wha, Wha, Wha W-Wha, Wha, Wha Chorus: Lil Keenan (2x) Lil Keenan: Pain nigga We bring the pain nigga We bring the pain nigga We bring the pain nigga We bring the pain nigga We bring the pain nigga We bring the pain nigga Blaxuede, Turk, Wayne, bring the pain That nigga Keenan, bring the pain We bring the pain nigga (Nigga) We bring the pain nigga (Nigga) We bring the pain nigga Wha, Wha Artist: B.o.B f/ Lil Wayne Album: Strange Clouds Song: Strange Clouds Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: B.o.B] Yeah.. Ahahaha! You already know what we gon' do Ehehahaha... hey! [B.o.B] Well, if you guessin it's me, you guessed correctly, I just stay with a stallion, you would swear I was an equestrian, and um I'ma hit her with that pipe, call that Nancy Kerrigan Stay on the greenest greens, call us vegetarians You be on that minor league, but we smoke professionally I do my job exceptionally, on point like a decimal is The way I ride on the beat man, I beat every street It's done so effortlessly, yeah  So these niggaz can't sleep on me, there's no +Inception+ in this, bitch! I'm top chef, you Top Ramen, I'm top shelf.. No last call, to the bartender, what you got left? Po' it up, don't stop there, hold yo' cup, take a shot yeah All night we celebrate, 'cause we everywhere and you not there Ha! [Chorus: B.o.B] All we do is pour it up, all night Drinks out {THAT'S ALL WE DO, THAT'S ALL WE DO} And all we do is light it up, all night All you see is strange clouds {STRANGE CLOUDS} ...Strange clouds All we do is pour it up, all night Drinks out {THAT'S ALL WE DO, THAT'S ALL WE DO} And all we do is light it up, all night All you see is strange clouds {STRANGE CLOUDS} ...Strange clouds [Lil Wayne] Uh, blue jeans, I'm faded, mindin my own data Smokin on that strong, that Arnold Schwarzenegger It's Tunechi Lee, you bitch you, you hot as a igloo Kick back on that Glock, call that Jiu-Jitsu Hello world, I'm wit' a yellow girl - number two pencil These rappers is washed up, spin cycle, rinse you My nigga, all day, all night, half-pipe I dive in that pussy, yah I belly flop, I jack knife And shit... tell my homies that I say it's a party Yeah, got that Tech for technical difficulties I'm top dog, you Top Ramen, I'm top dog Piru, gangsters, OUTLAWS~! YAAAAH! [Lil Wayne overlaps chorus] YOUNG MULA BAY-BAAAAAY! HAAAAH! B.o.B, fuck wit me! Strange clouds [B.o.B] Well ain't no question, yes it's B.o.B, yes definitely Up in the studio, I got all my necessities Look, if you want that real shit, you made the right selection I'm Decatur 'til I die, yes I rep that definitely They say I'm a celebrity, WHAT the fuck's a celebrity? I guess I must invest in the proper form of protection And I, say it's a curse, but it's been mostly a blessing To a nigga from the hood tryin to aim for the top  I didn't even NEED no directions I, just, wake up then I roll up the purp But these niggaz wake up on my dick, at least have some breakfast first Nigga, keep your nourishment first, and your mind on my lyrics 'cause what you hopin' to accomplish, I already did it - BITCH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bobby Valentino f/ Lil' Kim, Lil Wayne, Ludacris Album: Beep 12" Song: Beep (Remix) Typed by: VibeWithMe@gmail.com Beep beep beep beep beep Remix baby [Chorus: Bobby Valentino] Shorty been eyeing me (Valentino) She looking like she thinking about trying me (Haha) She want it she can't take no more (Yeah) I'm about to take her to my spot  I'ma get it hot she going, she going... (And let me) Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep (Hahaha) She gonna let me (Ooh) Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep I'ma tear it up when I Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep (That's right) She gonna let me  Beep, beep, beep, beep I'ma have her screaming like  Go, go, go, go, go, go (Come with me) I'ma have her screaming like Go, go, go, go, go, go  I'ma tear it up [Verse 1: Ludacris] Yeah, hahaha, LUDA She told me that she wanted to knock my socks off So I slid my three-thousand dollar crocs off She got her rocks off, and I got the cops off In my fire red lamborghini, hot sauce I was just a block off of Peachtree and Pharr Road, hey I scanned her over like her booty had a bar code, hey I made the car fold (yup) and then the car slowed Weeooo weeooo wee, I went into alarm mode, ooh 'Cause she was badder than the baddest of the baddestess Her butt was fatter than the fattest of the fattestess And I was glad it is, see what the saddest is So I can take her home and she'll see where the apparatus is Hey, in my private pool, yup her body drips dry She was bare foot, I did her in my flipflops Ooh, tick tock, the clock goes boom So we quickly Luda-christened every room LUDA [Chorus: Bobby Valentino (Lil' Kim)] Shorty been eyeing me  She looking like she thinking about trying me She want it she can't take no more I'm about to take her to my spot  I'ma get it hot she going, she going... Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep She gonna let me Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep I'ma tear it up when I Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep She gonna let me  Beep, beep, beep, beep I'ma have her screaming like  Go, go, go, go, go, go I'ma have her screaming like Go, go, go, go, go, go (Yeah it's your girl) I'ma tear it up (Q-U-Double E-N-B-Double E) [Verse 2: Lil' Kim] I back it up switch it up just for you daddy Dior lipstick, kiss your tattoos daddy *mwah* I'm with you for the night, just play your cards right I'll let you do some thangs to me Ummmm, on the hood of the Bugatti  Caesar picotti heels on my feet I'm in the drivers seat while you beep beep beep Who needs the freak of the week You with the freak of the century Open up the history books, it's gonna mention me Boys call me Candy Girl, aka the truth, haha Honey Girl, and for me he got a sweet tooth He gon' drown in my wet wet ooooh I hope that watch is waterproof [Chorus: Bobby Valentino (Lil' Kim)] Shorty been eyeing me (Hahaha yeah) She looking like she thinking about trying me (Thats what I'm talking 'bout right there) She want it she can't take no more I'm about to take her to my spot  I'ma get it hot she going, she going... Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep She gonna let me Beep (oh) beep (ah) beep (oh) beep (ah) beep (oh) I'ma tear it up when I Beep (oh) beep (ah) beep (oh) beep (ah) beep (oh) She gonna let me Beep (oh) beep (ah) beep (oh) beep (ah) beep (oh) [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] Bobby V, I got you Hey baby, my name ain't important Umm, for now you can call me The Motion Yeah, I need love like an orphan So I could be your bug-a-boo, no arguing Lil' mama let me beep beep like a motorola Now I'm in love knee deep but it's at her shoulders But being that I'm a G, I try to keep composure But I swear shorty got me weak like the weekend over From the window to the wall she get even lower Yeah, she got the game, I'm just trying to keep the score And I promise to be good and never leave it sore And if I do I promise I will treat it more  Gentle the next time and even more Will I lie or cheat, either or Shit I'd rather beep like a freaking horn And keep it blowing, aiight [Chorus: Bobby Valentino] Shorty been eyeing me (Oooooh) She looking like she thinking about trying me (Trying me no) She want it she can't take no more  (No more, no more, no more) I'm about to take her to my spot (Moooore) I'ma get it hot she going, she going... Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep She gonna let me Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep (She gon' let me beep) I'ma tear it up when I Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep (She gon' let me beep) She gonna let me  Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep I'ma have her screaming like  Go, go, go, go, go, go (Let's go baby) I'ma have her screaming like Go, go, go, go, go, go (Ohhh) I'ma tear it up I'ma do it just like this I'ma do it just like this I'ma do it just like that  Said I'ma do it just like that baby Baby, oooh, oooo Blu Kolla Dreams You gon' know the business, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bobby Valentino f/ Lil Wayne Album: Disturbing the Peace Presents Bobby Valentino Song: Tell Me (Remix) Typed by: ljbowls@msn.com * * send corrections to the typist [Bobby Valentino talking] (Lil Wayne) Bobby Valentino [Bobby Valentino laughs] (Ya back son) Ah aiyyo Tim drop that beat for me [Lil Wayne] Hey slide over here and talk to the boy What are you drinking? I'ma buy the bar I was just thinking of seeing you tomorrow Waking up with no panties, no bra I ain't being nasty, I'm just being for real Let me take off my belt and give you the whip appeal Yeah you hear about what I do in the streets But you gon' love what I do in the sheets Ha! [Bobby Valentino] Say baby what's your story? You got the goods it's plain to see The kind that'll keep a brotha on his knees And I'm so curious After the club, hang out with me Valentino is sure to please For now, let's have a Apple Martini And get to know each other Ooh lord tell me How did you get that in those jeans? The way you popping in, it's killing me Look over here, come follow me Tell me How did you get that in those jeans? The way you dropping in, it's killing me I'll meet you in the VIP [Bobby Valentino] Ooh you sizzling, let me lay you on the floor I'm a bad boy, just thought i'd let you know These are the thoughts running through my mind Cause I'm so curious yeah Couple more shots then we out the door Speed off in the coupe cause there's more in store Can't wait till I pull in my driveway girl Can tell by now I want you yeah [Break] You's a sexy thing Ooh what's your name Cause, you're the finest thing that walked in the club Your girls, they don't compare to You, can't help but stare at you Let's make a toast to the good life [Chorus] (Lil Wayne) Ooh lord tell me How did you get that in those jeans? The way you popping in, it's killing me Look over here, come follow me Tell me How did you get that in those jeans?(I got you pimp) The way you dropping in, it's killing me(It's ya baby, baby, ha!) I'll meet you in the VIP [Lil Wayne] Fly for a baby, eyes all hazy Izod maybe off the apest bathing Ride with a gangsta, we high whether weather be Precious like ya face so heavenly I'm thanking God like I better be You know I'm very street And if we get caught, you can be my accessory Access to the condo in Miami Have breakfast on the floor, butt naked we tanning But, I'm too dark to tan Mama, pardon ya man Let me spark while I can, you know Now you got my eyes following the places you go I'm caught up in ya vibe tryna kick it like judo Luda outta town I got the keys to the true dough And we ain't gotta tell no one about the things you know You know, holla at a G though I'm probably out wilding with Bobby Valentino [Break] You's a sexy thing Ooh what's your name Cause, you're the finest thing that walked in the club Your girls, they don't compare to You, can't help but stare at you Let's make a toast to the good life Ooh lord tell me How did you get that in those jeans? The way you popping in, it's killing me Look over here, come follow me Tell me How did you get that in those jeans? The way you dropping in, it's killing me I'll meet you in the VIP The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Boo & Gotti f/ Lil Wayne Album: Perfect Timing Song: Ain't it Man Typed by: LimitlessLiLJ@aol.com [Intro : Lil Wayne & Boo] Ain't I? Ain't it man? (get it right, uh take a ride wit me) (this how I slang in my block Nine City) Ain't I? (yea) Ain't it man? [Verse 1 : Boo] + (Lil Wayne in background) My block hot, ain't it man? (Ain't it man?) It's hard to set up shop here, ain't it man? (Ain't it man?) This one gone knock here, ain't it man? (Ain't it man?) Cash Money is aww hyea, ain't it man? (Ain't it man?) New whips sick, ain't it man? (Ain't it man?) That nigga there, he a snitch there, ain't he man? (Ain't me man?) They trynna tear down our projects, ain't they man? (Damn!) We gon have to try and stop this, ain't we man? (Yeea!) Ghetto Tanesha, she the hottest, ain't she man? (Hot!) She trynna gimme all these problems, ain't she man? (Stop!) But I'm all about my dolla's, ain't I man? (Ain't I man?) When people wanna lock us up, NOT, don't they man? (Damn!) Yo girl be poppin up, you know that man (Know that man) She fuckin wit a playa, belied' that man (Belied' that, G!) She ridin wit a gangsta, you know that man (Know that man!) Now I'm about to go bang her, belied' that man (Ehh!) [Chorus : Lil Wayne] Ain't..I..The..Coolest..Cat..That you've ever seen? (Yea) And ain't I fresh, ain't I clean, ain't no wanksta in me (Haha) Ain't I? (Ain't I?) Ain't I hot? Ain't I? (Ain't I?) Ain't I street? Don't I ride when it's time to ride... That's..Just..That..Gangsta in me...Ain't It Man!?!? [Verse 2: Gotti] + (Lil Wayne in background) They sellin rocks and blows, ain't they man? (Ain't they man?) My nappy needs stop and goes, don't they man? (Don't they man?) Brawds flat out bogus, ain't they man? (Ain't they man?) 150 hat's still cold, ain't they man? (Ain't it man?) I got 0's, Bogues, clothes let me Cadallac those, ain't I man? (Ain't I man?) Stay mackin these hoes, don't I man? (Don't I man?) Let the 4-4 blow, won't I man? (Won't I man?) I gotta stay focused, don't I man? (Don't I man?) These streets is the coldest, ain't they man? (Coldest!) I done roll em in the Rover, ain't I man? (Damn, I see you!) Think cars us buy food, don't it man? (Yeea!) These speaks gotta shop, don't it man? (Don't it man?) Fammel crazy as hell, ain't he man? (Ain't he man?) They slang berk in jail, don't he man? (Don't he man?) They be strippin on the spill, want they man? (Ehh!) [Chorus : Lil Wayne] Ain't..I..The..Coolest..Cat..That you've ever seen? (Yea) And ain't I fresh, ain't I clean, ain't no wanksta in me (Haha) Ain't I? (Ain't I?) Ain't I hot? Ain't I? (Ain't I?) Ain't I street? Don't I ride when it's time to ride... That's..Just..That..Gangsta in me...Ain't It Man!?!? [Verse 3: Boo & Gotti] + (Lil Wayne in background) Dawg, they leave us alone one day, won't they man? (Won't they man?) These people tappin a phone, ain't they man? We just gotta stay strong, don't we man? Pay it daily, got the wrong plans, don't he man Niggaz gettin skummy out him, ain't they man? (Yeea) They still sellin dummy bags, ain't they man? (Damn!) Niggaz gettin killed out here, (Buh!) ain't they man? Boo & Gotti keep it real out here'm, (Gyess) don't we man? We trynna live right dawg, ain't we man? (Ain't we man?) Still hustle till the night fall, don't we man? (Don't we man?) Those neighbers makin cop calls, ain't they mad? (Ain't they mad?) And so we gotta make them drop offs, don't we man? (Don't we man?) Every whip I take the top off, don't I man? (Topless!) Nigga you lookin at a mob boss, ain't he man? (Mob) We gon buy it and say, "Fuck the cost", ain't we man? (Yeea!) And I point, we gon get a cross, ain't we man? [Chorus x2: Lil Wayne] Ain't..I..The..Coolest..Cat..That you've ever seen? (Yea) And ain't I fresh, ain't I clean, ain't no wanksta in me (Haha) Ain't I? (Ain't I?) Ain't I hot? Ain't I? (Ain't I?) Ain't I street? Don't I ride when it's time to ride... That's..Just..That..Gangsta in me...Ain't It Man!?!? [Lil Wayne] Weezzy, Boo & Gotti (Hyuckkkk) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bow Wow f/ 2 Chainz, DJ Khaled, Lil Wayne Album: The GreenLight 4 (Mixtape) Song: I'ma Stunt Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] We the best! (Yeah) Who? We! We the best (uh-huh) It's alot of money on this track (yeah) So much money we can't even count it We gotta weigh it See what we about to do is? (yeah) what's that wayne? Exactly (listen) what they can't do! True that! [Verse 1: Bow Wow] I'm killin' these niggaz, killin' these hoes Represent the O, just in case you ain't know Stacks in my Levi's, only fly G5 Live on a island, yeah that's seaside Mo-hawk cus these hoes love it, stuntin is a must round here YM CM, damn right this our year See I'm ready for whatever, prepared for the worse Your career is dead, shit, put it in a hearse Still get 70K for a verse Eyes so low, cus I smoke that purp An I'm all grown up, hoes wanna holla at a nigga cus they saw me in a couple of flicks They know that my stock is rising Snoop told me never love a bitch, I don't trust a bitch Snapbacks, we off that, Phantom Ghost, yeah I bought that Doors open like,.. initials in the flo' mats I'm a young nigga with money Everytime I throw the drink, gotta a get shorty to running And when I'm ready to drop, know I'm doing numbers I'm stuntin like it's gon be one hot summers (Lil' Wayne) Hay you young nigga with money (that's me) What you gon do with all that money Stunt (when I want to) stunt (when I have to) (What I need to) stunt (when I see you) Stunt (when I see you) stunt (when I see you) Evertime I see you I'm a stunt (When I see you) [Verse 2: Lil' Wayne] Weezy F. Baby, these all know me Young meal ticket, watch me kick it like Shinobi Flip it like arobics, my flow is so heroic My girl got a fat ass and I catch it when she throw it I'll wet you in the mornin, burn ya in the evenin Dump ya at night and that duffle bag light Like my shades hella dark and my red flag bright Got ya bitch blowin me, like she playin bag pipe Yep I lay that pipe, I'm the plumber to ya women I'm the flame on the stove, in the desert in the summer I'm a stunna so, I'm gonna stunt on you bitches Big tow trucks sitin on chrome inches My account look like foreign digits Don't play in that water cause today I'm goin fishin You don't get it, that's why I punch that 430 Til got it up on inches (too late) And I'm a young nigga with money Now what you gon tell a young nigga with MONEY?! (Bow Wow) Hay you nigga with money (yeah) What you gon do with all that money well I'm a stunt (when I want to) stunt (when I have to) I'm a stunt (what I need to) stunt (when I see you) I'm a stunt (when I see) stunt (when I see) Evertime I see you I'm a stunt (When I see you) [Verse 3: Bow Wow] If your watch ain't cost a hundred, If you ain't ridin' 28?s You ain't stuntin' like this, NO!, said you ain't stuntin' like this If your crib didn't come with the butlers and the maids You ain't stuntin' like this, NO!, said you ain't stuntin' like this An if you ask for the price, when you shop at the mall You ain't stuntin' like this, NO!, said you ain't stuntin' like this An if you don't make it rain when you up in the club You ain't stuntin' like this, NO!, said you ain't stuntin' like this Say nigga this ain't gon stop know what I mean That's me! shiittt! What you know about ridin 26?s nigga Better read about this nigga real talk My paper long baby what I'm sayin man You niggaz got to get your weight up Better eat some weaties around here nigga for real [2 Chainz] The feet big on the whip like Jurassic Park The car tall, to get in you need a running start An I been getting dough since a running nose Kush my cologne, you can smell it on my clothes You know me I'm at the bar with a broad With arm full of tattoos and a neck full of cars Hand full of money, what up Young Money Who the baddest bitch in the club, I'm going hunting I'm from College Park, it's the home of the Minaj If you are find and like money, then you are my target Where my fking boys and my duffle bag swinging The way I reach notes man, I ought to be singing My Audemar blinging in the Audemar leaning The model ain't out yet, for all the more reason 4 + 4, now we're even 2Chain's doing his thang at the Four Seasons Now I'm a young nigga with money What you gon' tell a young nigga with money The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bow Wow f/ Lil Wayne Album: Underrated Song: Sweat Typed by: AZ Lyrics Young Mula baby, I got you nigga, leggo [Bow Wow: Chorus] Girl I wanna make you sweat I love the way you do it like that She a keeper, she keep that pussy wet She a slurper til it ain't nothing left They way she drop it on the floor An' baby I know what you want Yeah girl I got what you need I'm riding in the 'gatti with the windows full of steam Boom let it out now Get freak baby, gon' let it out now Boom let it out now Get freak baby, gon' let it out now [Verse 1: Bow Wow] Yeah, tell me what you want, tell me what you want do Way you spread it out girlfirend I want you I-I-I'm a put it on you Tell me when you're coming baby, I'm a come too You're a pretty lil thing, shawty I can't even lie You rocking up them sky miles cause you stay fly You do it so well, you don't even gotta try Got a nigga staring out the corner of my eye And the way her body be banging I swear you gotta be drinking every bottle in the club Wake up with a story to tell I'm just tryna have some fun And I ain't looking for love [Chorus: Bow Wow] [Verse 2: Lil Wayne] Sweating so hard you need three or four towels Shawty wanna be my boo like showtime at the Apollo Weezy F, the F for follow, follow me straight to my condo And get freaky bring you over, hit that ass just like a rhino I'm from Hollygrove, I still hang with L I make them bitches (HUH), they waiting to exhale I'm on some gangsta shit, I knock your head off You bark up my tree, that's a dead dog Where them hoes at? tell 'em I said wassup I like a shaved pussy, no razor bumps Yeah, YMCMB, when I step on stage, them hoes sweat like I'm Keith [Verse 3: Bow Wow] Say you got friends shawty, you can bring 'em too When I put this D on you, what you gon do Yeah, she got a diva attitude Fell in love with me when she saw my tattoo An' I ain't like these other niggaz girl, cause they lame These niggaz ain't ballin' baby, sub me in the game Got so drunk shit, I forgot her name Whippin that Bugatti while she givin' me brain [Bridge] You the flyest girl I done seen Bursting outta them jeans I'm saying shawty wassup Cause you killin' these other hoes And I don't mean to be mean, but shawty I'm tryna fuuu... [Outro: Lil Wayne] YMCMB baby, uh huh It's YMCMB baby, ah hah YMCMB baby, ah Now buss it open for me baby Now buss it, now buss it open, buss it wide open Now buss it, just buss it open, buss it wide open Now won't you run and get ya gat for me cause I'm a gangsta ass nigga from YMCMB The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bow Wow f/ DJ Khaled, Lil Wayne Album: The GreenLight 5 (Mixtape) Song: We Bout That (Eat the Cake) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: DJ Khaled] YMCMB, Cash Money Billionaires More cake. more money, more hustle We the business, Rich Forever [Verse 1: Bow Wow] Smoking kush in my condo Ballin hard, bitch you ain't know? Retro 6?s new show laces At K.O.D. throwin ones in strippers faces Yeah that Ciroc justr got me feeling good You are stuntin who? boy I know you wish you could Cash Money, Young Money I got retarded paper, I'm talkin dumb money Tatted up is an Ohio thing I ain't Tity Boi but IUm rockin 2 Chainz Pour it up, go head and roll it up Walking out the club, drunk as fuck [Chorus x2: Bow Wow] Hey, stuntin hard yeah we bout that You say you getting money huh? well I doubt that All I do is ball, errday Throwin cake in a niggaz face, eat it anyway [Verse 2: Lil Wayne] ... GB on that drink heavy I run in your fuckin mouth like the tooth fairy Yeah bitch it's Tune, I'm dope in a spoon I drive a fast car, that bitch go puu.. What the business is? All my girls pretty Pussy, money, weed keep the world spinnin I ball out like the 9th inning World Series In name of the Father, Son, the Holy Spirit And the weed strong, like a pro wrestler What my pockets on? Nutty Professor Hit the strip club, throw like 20 racks I ain't trippin baby, I'm gonna get it back I'm Young Money [Chorus: x2] Hey, stuntin hard yeah we bout that You say you getting money huh? well I doubt that All I do is ball, errday Throwin cake in a niggaz face, eat it anyway [Verse 3: Bow Wow] I'm on one, yeah I'm hot now Tell them hatin ass niggaz pi, pipe down Doing a buck twenty on the highway Thick red bone looking like Beyonce Do it for the O, I gotta represent I hear them clowns talkin stupid they ain't talkin sense I got my mind on my money Don't no how to Dougie, but all the bitches love me [Chorus: x2] Hey, stuntin hard yeah we bout that You say you getting money huh? well I doubt that All I do is ball, errday Throwin cake in a niggaz face, eat it anyway [Bridge x4: Bow Wow] I told ya'll before, nobody can't touch us Y.M.C.M.B. (unfuckable) [Chorus: x2] Hey, stuntin hard yeah we bout that You say you getting money huh? well I doubt that All I do is ball, errday Throwin cake in a niggaz face, eat it anyway The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brisco f/ Lil Wayne Album: Street Medicine Song: In the Hood Typed by: mainevent_4@yahoo.com [Chorus x2] I'm in the hood, I'm in the, I'm in the hood I'm in the hood, I'm in the, I'm in the hood I'm in the hood, I'm in the, I'm in the hood Somebody say you was looking for me, I'm in the hood [Brisco] I be posted on the corner, twistin that good I got that all black dickie on, I'm keepin it hood What it is? I'm the Opa Locka goon Got work in the trap, and the Chevy droppin soon See, Cash Money rubberbands 'em, bands 'em Since I got the deal, girls sayin he so handsome I'ma Dade County, Yorker boy I earn stripes, I got soldiers that'll flop you for it Now I'm bouncin with a hood rat She think I love her, but I use her for her food stamps It's the ghetto, it's whateva, you cook it, I'll shoot it And don't worry about them smokers, we keepin it movin (so we keepin it movin) I know Cubans that knows O's If I ask for it, they send it by the boat load Weezy Wee, I think it's a wrap And if you need me, you know where to find me at I'm in the hood [Chorus x2] [Lil Wayne] Uptown New Orleans, like always Cash Money boy, shine like bald heads Big Bezel make my watch look like a hog head And all I do is smoke trees, call me a log head I'm butter on the break like Parkay And I am all about me like Doe Ray I'm in the hood, I'm the hood like dope, yay Nappy ass hair like Buckweed, otay Hollygrove, Ether St. be my damn hood Where you can murdered for free like can goods I got 12 barbaros under the lamb hood I can bring a Kentucky Derby to the damn hood Sunshine diamonds help me tan good And I'll let it blow like a band wood I'll call Brisco, I'm on South Beach 30 minutes later, Opa Locka is where I'll be [Chorus x2] [Brisco] Like Kroger cups, watered juice, pickled eggs, and pig feet If you got beef, you know just where to find me I'm in the hood, or better yet, the projects Where baby mama's trippin, and them goons livin heartless 3 rules, get money, don't tell And if that welfare check come late, raise hell I'ma poor boy, I ain't got shit And I hope they don't tell Baby, I'ma hit me a lick [Lil Wayne] Man, I'm so Hollygrove Stand strong in that water like a commodor Black holes in yo white tee, dominoes Me and Brisco, Cash Money carnivores I am New Orleans like carnival And in the hood, call me Weezy the Honorable These other rappers so ironicle And if I ain't in the mansion, then I'm up in the Phantom or... [Chorus x4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chris Brown f/ Lil Wayne Album: Chris Brown Song: Gimme That Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com (WHOOP!!!) [Intro - Lil Wayne] What it is, folk.. This right here is the sixteen-year old phenom, Chris Breezy Me, myself, I'm the twenty-three-year old CEO [Lil Wayne] Young Carter, I'm harder then them other boys I ain't even frontin, baby I can take a summer off I can break a woman off, I can take the stomach off One of my, trucks, now I'm ridin in the goods Line it on up, guarantee you get served Lil' Chris, said, "run it," so I ran and told, her I'm a Cash Money young'n, Birdman Jun-ior Just a president, looking for a moniker [Verse One - Chris Brown] The young boy just turned sixteen, and I got (WHOO!) Six fo's and hot bikes that I rock (WHOO!) Keep three or four sweeties on clock but all that swinging in that bikini just make me dizzy Slow all the traffic down to a complete stop (WHOO!) 'cause you speakin that slang that I talk (WHOO!) That sassy tempo with that walk (WHOO!) May be the reason that all this teenies may never see me [Chorus 2X] Mama you may be, three years older but you hot - gimme that! You be talkin like you like, what I got - gimme that! I know you like it how I LEAN in the 'Lac you could BE in the back sayin' - gimme-gimme, gimme [Verse Two: Chris Brown] Ma, take a break, let me explain to you What ya body got a young boy, ready to do If you take a chance, and let me put them things on you I could show you why I make them straight, A's in school I'm a HUST-LA! (AHH!) Trust my frame and age Got you thinkin that I'm just too young to turn your page I can PICT-URE, us switching lanes in the coupe with you on the phone screaming my name (CHRIS!) [Chorus 2X] [Bridge] Wa-WOMP, WOMP, Wa-womp, womp, Wa-WOMP, wa-WOMP Girl you serious and I been watchin you (Y'all ready?) Wa-WOMP, WOMP, Wa-womp, womp, Wa-WOMP, wa-WOMP That's what your body's saying.. Wa-WOMP, WOMP, Wa-womp, womp, Wa-WOMP, wa-WOMP Yeah-eeeee-aahhhh-eaaaaah Wa-WOMP, WOMP, Wa-womp, womp, Wa-WOMP, wa-WOMP Get 'em (Okay) [Lil Wayne] Weezy Baby, baby what it do, I'm tryna holla at cha I ain't upset, but I'll blind you if I smile at cha You rock'n wit young Chris and the best rapper So leave your phone, bring your friends, let the rest happen A lil' patron, a lil' hen, I'm on Cavalli Vodka I'm in Cavalli jeans, got on Cavalli boxers I'm fresher than a newborn, and umm. I can work you out like a futon, and umm.. You can leave your birthday suit on I'ma leave my boots on, I'ma leave my jewels on Never know what you want, I'ma leave that tool on Never know who home, I learned that from a Biggie song On to a new one, some like a redbone Ohh I think she like me, she got me on a ringtone And I told her, "Get yours, girl, and don't you stop" Now gimme that funk, that gushy stuff (OH!) [Chorus 2X] [Outro - Chris Brown] V.A. Yeah ha! Yeah ma don't be frontin' like you don't know what's goin' on Aight? ...yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chris Brown f/ Lil Wayne Album: Exclusive Song: Gimme What You Got Typed by: Uneak_Won2G08@hotmail.com [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] They say beauty is in the eye of the beholder Well, I bet I couldn't look more bolder Hold her, as we dip into my solar Call me for baby, I explore her This navigator, you dont want like Lincoln Black Bentley, you look better in a pink one She smokin' and I'm about to steam one Let's skip and make love on Venus Baby the ball's in your court like Serenus Make me jump over that net, between us And let nothin' get between us We too hot, only sweat between us (Chorus) Girl your hot like fire, gimme what you got Coldest thing movin', gimme what you got Heat up like summer, gimme what you got Girl you know what your doin', gimme what you got You got twenty-eights on the hummer, gimme what you got 'Cause you the number one stunna, gimme what you got You got it, gimme what you got, you got it, GIRL [Verse 2: Chris Brown] That's it baby girl, put it on my zipper We ain't in the club but I still wanna tip her You should be my misses, I can be your mister Put me on deck shorty, I can be your skipper I'll give you a kiss for everytime you make me smile I'll give you a thousand, if you stay a little while Know that and it's gettin' stronger The feelin' that I got for you shorty, do what it do (Chorus) [Verse 3: Chris Brown] Exit now I got a place where we can go Back seat action, sunroof for two's And the windows tinted, so nobody could look in Put it in gear and burn out with me I'll give you a kiss for everytime you make me smile I'll give you a thousand if you stay a little while Know that and it's gettin' stronger The feelin' that I got for you shorty do what it do (Chorus) [Verse 4: Chris Brown] (Ow) giiiiirrrrllll, you the finest thing that i've seen And I'm tryin' to get with you Giiiiirrrrllll, girl your on fire and I know that your burnin hot (Shorty your burnin hot) and I'm talkin' to you I'm a set you on fire and all I do is think about you, yeah (Chorus 2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chris Brown f/ Lil Wayne Album: Graffiti Song: I Can Transform Ya Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Verse One] [Lil Wayne] Go hey lil mama I can transform ya No, I can't dance but I can dance on ya Swizz on the beat Chris move ya feet And baby I can transform your "him" to a "me" I can change you life Make it so new Make you never want to go back to the old you Ciroc and lime Give it little time And she gon' transform like Optimus Prime [Chris Brown] Need a ride I can Range you up Money I can change you up You can ride your own, no longer be the passenger Swag low, I build you up Knees weak, I can stand you up Red lips, red dress, like 'em like a fire truck What you need, you can have that My black card they won't decline that See potential in ya Let me mold that I can transform ya I can transform ya I can transform ya I can transform ya Anything ya want, I can get it for ya You're my baby girl so you know I did it for ya I can trans, I can trans, I can transform ya Shoes you got it (got it) Bags you got it (got it) Cars you got it (got it) Money still got it (got it) I can transform ya, I can transform ya Anything you want I can I can get it for ya [Verse Two] See me in the video you can have it really though Iced out everything Frigid like an eskimo Wanna fly, we can go Anywhere you wanna go Jimmy Choos in Italy Louie V in Tokyo Something like Pinocchio If you lie then I'ma grow Wanna see me do it big I can show you how it goes Take you from an amateur to being a professional (I can have you swag surfing) What you need, you can have that My black card they won't decline that See potential in ya Let me mold that I can transform ya I can transform ya I can transform ya I can transform ya Anything ya want, I can get it for ya You're my baby girl so you know I did it for ya I can trans, I can trans, I can transform ya Shoes you got it (got it) Bags you got it (got it) Cars you got it (got it) Money still got it (got it) I can transform ya, I can transform ya Anything you want I can I can get it for ya [Verse Three] [Lil Wayne] Okay I can transform ya like a transformer I can turn you from a human to a Carter Take you off the bench  T-turn ya to a starter Then take you home and put you on a charger Th-then my cars transforms to a charter And we can fly to wherever you ever thought of Haha I take you to where it's warmer Then I gotta rip off your dress like a warm up Haha But I'm just getting warmed up So tell your man he better get his Voltron up I transform her to a Ducati  And then I transform me to a Bugatti Cause her form put's me in a trance I transform smaller and she puts me in her pants Swi-Swizz on the beat Chris move ya feet And Weezy transform a good girl to a freak I can transform ya I can transform ya I can transform ya I can transform ya Anything ya want, I can get it for ya You're my baby girl so you know I did it for ya I can trans, I can trans, I can transform ya Shoes you got it (got it) Bags you got it (got it) Cars you got it (got it) Money still got it (got it) I can transform ya, I can transform ya Anything you want I can I can get it for ya The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chris Brown & Tyga f/ Lil Wayne Album: Fan of a Fan Mixtape Song: I'm On It Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Tyga] I'm on it, I'm on it I'm on it, I'm on it If we talkin' bout money bitch [Tyga] Snap back chiller gold chain nigga snaps no tigger, tyga bitches hundred proof liquor live no liver theres hoes on this muthafucking strip, stripping a nigga no different so we hold the heat though smash on the bitch brains looking like meatloaf the hoe know me close she lying, Leo's pedigree and swag is so cold, zero hop in Medino, oops I meant Medina life is a bitch better know how to treat her I don't get in between, my goal be to win young money heisman rookies of the year [Tyga] Raise hell boy hell yeah I'm hot hello boy yellow, but my bitch back from the ghetto with the flow watch it pop, sizzle you feeling me, better break fast mc griddles I ain't finna slow down, keep running your mouth I'm running the real estate, party in the fucking house my niggas is loud in the lobby they can't turn us down Have have a drink drink drink, some Coke and a smile I run town all day 24 miles 150 on the dash can't even count keep fucking bitch, ain't shit to talk about [Lil Wayne] Be-best Rapper C.E.O. Fine as wine flow Pinot Grigio Niggas cant fuck with me Leave the bitches, need the hoes Life is a motherfucker gamble, Peter Rose Momma taught me well, Kush and the L Paper everywhere like books just fell More money to make, More pussy to smell Like yea imma Libra like put that on a scale New Orleans nigga with my dick up in my right hand Young Money nigga money longer then a lifespan Still go to sleep with my Bible on my nightstand Flyer then a bitch and you ain't even got cha flight plan I'm on it..I'm on it..Tuneche!..yea..SooWoo...Soo Woo Trill hahahaha, yeaaa Artist: Chris Brown f/ Busta Rhymes, Lil Wayne Album: F.A.M.E. (Forgiving All My Enemies) Song: Look at Me Now Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chris Brown - Intro] I don't see how you can hate from outside the club You can't even get in! Hahahaha! Le'go! [Chris Brown] Yellow, model, chick  Yellow, bottle, sippin Yellow Lamborghini Yellow top missing Yeah, yeah... That shit look like a toupee I get what you get in ten years, in two days +Ladies Love+ me, I'm on my Cool J. If you get what I get, what would you say? She wax it all off -- Mr. Miyagi And them suicide doors -- harikari [Chorus: Chris Brown] Look at me now, look at me now (Oh) ...Oh, I'm gettin paper Look at me now (Oh), look at me now (Yeah) Fresh, than a, muh'fucker [Chris Brown] Lil' nigga bigger than gorilla  'cause I'm killin every nigga that try to be on my shit Better cuff your chick if you with her, I can get her and she accidentally slip and fall on my dick Oops I said, "on my dick" I ain't really mean to say, "on my dick" But since we talkin about my dick All of you haters say hi to it - I'm done [Busta Rhymes] Aiyyo Breezy~! Lemme show you how to keep the dice rollin  when you doin that thing over there, homie (Ay! Ay! Ay! Ay! Ay! Ay! Ay! Ay! Let's GO!!) 'Cause I'm feelin like I'm runnin and I'm feelin like I gotta get away, get away, get away Better know that I don't and I won't ever stop  'cause you know I gotta win everyday-day (GO!!) She done really really wanna pop me (BO!!) Just know that you will never flop me (OH!!) And I know that can be a little cocky (NOOO!!) You ain't never gonna stop me  Everytime I come a nigga gotta set it then I got it goin  then I gotta get it, then I gotta blow, and I gotta shudder any little thing  a nigga think that he be doin 'cause it doesn't matter cause I'm gonna dead it-dead it (WHOO-HOOOOOOO DAMN!!) Then I'm gonna murder everything and anything A-bada boom, a-bada bing, I gotta do a lotta things and make it clearer to a couple niggaz that I'm always winnin and I gotta get it again and again and again {*BIG gasp*} And I be doin it to death  and now I move a lil' foul, a nigga better call a ref and everybody know my style and niggaz know that I'm the best When I come to doin this and I be bangin on my chest And I bang in the east and I'm bangin in the west And I come to give you more and I will never give you less You will hear it in the street or you can read it in the press Do you really wanna know what's next? (Let's go!) See the way we on it and we all up in the race And you know we gotta go, don't try to keep up with the pace And we strugglin and hustlin and send it in and get it in and always gotta do it,t ake it to another place Gotta taste it, and I gotta grab it And I gotta cut all through this traffic Just to be at the top of the throne, better know I gotta HAVE IT!! (HAVE IT!! HAVE IT!!) [Lil Wayne] Man, fuck these bitch ass niggaz How y'all doin? I'm Lil' Tunechi I'm a nuisance, I go stupid I go dumb like The Three Stooges I don't eat sushi, I'm the shit No, I'm pollution, no substitution Got a bitch that play in movies in my jacuzzi, pussy juicy I, never give a fuck about a hater  Got money on my radar, dress like a skater Got a big house, came with a elevator You niggaz ain't eatin, fuck it, tell a waiter Marley said, "Shoot 'em" and I said, "Okay" If you on that bullshit, then I'm like ole I don't care what you say, so don't even speak Your girlfriend a freak like Cirque du Soleil That's word to my flag, and my flag red I'm outta my head, bitch I'm outta my mind From the bottom I climb, you ain't hotter than mine Nope, not on my time and I'm not even tryin What's poppin Slime? Nuttin, five And if they trippin, fuck them, five I ain't got no time to shuck and jive These niggaz as sweet as pumpkin pie Ciroc and Sprite on a private flight Bitch, I'm enticin, guiding light And my pocket's white and my diamonds' white And my momma's nice and my daddy's dead You faggots scared 'cause I'm too wild Been here for a while, I was like, "Fuck trial!" I puts it down, I'm so Young money If you got eyes, look at me now, bitch~! [Chris Brown - Outro] Okay, okay! Is that right? I'm fresher than a MUH'FUCKER! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chris Brown f/ Lil Wayne, Juelz Santana Album: Poppin' (Remix) 12" Song: Poppin' (Remix) Typed by: italchula@yahoo.com [Lil Wayne] Chris Br-eezy I ... see ya daddy Ya, right off the bat I'm a mack We can get it poppin, we can get it crack-in' And if your man is whack And if he lack what I pack Then I will make you lack him Shorty we can do what you wanna, how you wanna Where you wanna, when you wanna - ask them And my clip never droppin' We can get it poppin' like a mac-ten Brrrr-Dat Dat Dat on your back back back I smack smack smack that And I'm strapped with an automatic tongue And it goes Brrrr-At-Dat Dat Dat Now who wanna get shot baby I could tap that Yup I could tap that (atta?) Rat Pack I could lay back like a fat cat But I'm a big dog on any track Ah- and we got it pumpin' e'ry night e'ry night When we get into our thing You know I had to tell them young niggaz When it come to the women I just switch like a mood ring But I'm rich, I'm high on the food chain I'm hot, I smoke like two trains I'm trained, I know how to do things My thing - hot like blue flame Flame- the fireman put it out She hot- the fireman put her out All she gotta do is call up emergency And I will be on my way to the house Not now? I know somebody home Don't leave me noddin' baby All you gotta do is bring that corn And we can get it poppin' baby [Chris Brown] Say what yo' name is Ooh yeah that fits you girl Tell me where you headed Can I walk with you girl? You got that look in your eyes That look like you give your boy here a good ol' time And I'm on it girl, that's right I'm on it girl See this is the first time I had a girl Who's looks set me on fire I'm really trying to get to know you better girl You aint gotta act like you shy Cuz we gon' do, something something is gon' get, done And we gon' get, crunk And have a lot of, fun And I say... Shorty, shorty She growing her hair She working them jeans She talking that talk just li,li,like I like it She keep it on and, poppin' Shorty keep it on and poppin' Ooh, oooh, ooh yeah Shorty, shorty The way you wearing that top, got your boy so hot Aint no mistaking, playing, or faking You got me open and waitin', and poppin' You keep me on and poppin' Oooooh, oooooooh Unh, unh, let me tell you I'm tryin' to keep my swagger, but you 'bout to have me girl Jump through about four or five hoops of, ooh baby Let's take it to the hood so the people can see you girl Oh yes you're mean and viscious the way you switchin' Now I say This is the first time I had a girl Who's looks set me on fire I'm really trying to get to know you better girl You aint gotta act like you're shy Cuz we gon' do, somethin' Somethin', is gon' get done And we gon' get, crunk And have a lot of, fun Ooooh, oohh ooohhhhh Shorty, shorty She growing her hair She working them jeans She talking that talk just li,li,like I like it She keep it on and, poppin' Shorty keep it on and poppin' Ooh, oooh, ooh yeah Shorty, shorty The way you wearing that top, got your boy so hot Aint no mistaking, playing, or faking You got me open and waitin', and poppin' You keep me on and poppin' Oooooh, oooooooh [Juelz Santana] Ya Dipset! I'm Santana, 'ey! How ya doin' baby, nice to meet ya Wait, let me not mislead ya First off, I'm about my dough and cheese Just call me a slice of pizza Yup- I'll be your pizza guy Deliver your pizza pie I got a chauffer named Woodrow Car named Bentley When I speak he drives Shorty know how to work it like a model She get it poppin' like a cork on a bottle Baby if you was a car I'd put your doors in the air like a Murcielago I leave you on a higher note Then when Mariah Carey hit her highest note You get diagnosed With a higher dose Of what you never had before- me! Plus I aint like them other guys that be cryin' broke Whinin' broke I'm about my bread, you heard what I said Baby I'm a loaf! Come let me screw ya Bring it here, let me be your tutor We can go to Miami, ride down Collins, hop on that scooter Next thing you know we be K-I-S-S-I-N-G In the back of my Maserati Then I drop you off before curfew time The kind of guy I be Oh I'm So kind Them other guys ... are not like me So don't pay them ... no mind Uh-uh! [Chris Brown] Shorty, shorty The way you wearing that top, got your boy so hot Aint no mistaking, playing, or faking You got me open and waitin', and poppin' You keep me on and poppin' Oooooh, oooooooh Artist: Bun B f/ Lil Wayne Album: II Trill Song: Damn I'm Cold Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Chops on the track (Damn I'm cold, damn I'm cold) (Damn I'm cold, damn I'm cold) [Lil Wayne] See when I got Mercedes, I went and got a Mercedes When I got that Bentley, I went and got that Bentley Now if ye ain't help me make it, don't tell me how to spend it And yes I know the rules, never marry Robin Givens Mice'll run all over bitches, so we call them bitches cheeseheads Lambeau leap in that pussy like in Green Bay Lambo' suite look like sugar on the freeawy And I'm "Ridin Dirty" cause I'm so U-G-K One two three wait, fo' fo' makes eight Nine times out of 10 it's eleven or a 12 gauge Friday the 13th, that's the day that hell raise But y'all boys too weak, like fo'teen days I'm so clean, why wouldn't I be I be with Ben Frank' so much he's startin to look like me I'ma smoke my weed and I don't wanna smoke yours And I pour four, everytime I pour [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Like, is you sayin somethin bitch If ye ain't talkin 'bout us, we ain't talkin 'bout shit I woke up this mornin, eyes half closed I looked into the mirror and said damn I'm cold Damn I'm cold, and my hoes Pimp shit nigga keep payin my hoes Damn I'm cold, man I'm throwed I said damn I'm cold, hot damn I'm cold [Bun B] See when I got that slab money I put the Rivvy on blades When I got that 'llac money I candied the Escalade Got that Screw in my deck, a house or two on my neck A couple cars on my wrist, and bitch I'm ready to wreck We 'bout to do this for Pimp C, so pass me a bottle I'm 'bout to pop the top on it like a slab or a model Turn it upside down then po' it out for my lil' bro Then pass me another one so I can po' out a lil' mo' Fresher than ozium, cleaner than wax floors I'm, slick as linoleum, swingin them 'llac do's Them, Franklins you foldin yeah we tryin to stack those So fo' you play the role you need to learn how to act, HOE Swangaz who' crank fo's and tip nin trunks who bang Haters get back and hoes'll flip with nuts who hang It ain't a thang, make #1's and ever will I put that on my life, Bun Beeda fo'ever trill, f'real [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Yeah, fuckin right alright Goin at your neck like a barkin dog bites I woke up this mornin, eyes half closed Looked into the mirror and said damn I'm cold Damn I'm cold, and my hoes Pimp shit nigga keep payin my hoes Damn I'm cold, man I'm throwed I said damn I'm cold, hot damn I'm cold [Bun B] Is it the ice in the piece or the ice in the chains? Is it the ice in the watch or the ice in the Range? Or the bracelet, face it, you feel the chill in yo' veins Could it be from Bun Beda or that boy Lil Wayne? [Lil Wayne] Or could it be the two-seater, on them thangs Got on a couple gold chains, so dang-a-dang I swang and bang, from lane to lane Yeah, it's gettin hot and you starting to feel the flame Bun [Bun B] It's gettin brick and you starting to feel the breeze And the temperature's going down, best to get you some sleeves And you best to get you some G's, 'fore you lose your control And we turn your whole neighborhood into the North Pale [Lil Wayne] Like brrrrrrrrr, machine gun brrrrrrrrrr I am a beast grrrrrrr, money machine brrrrr F-U-C-K, C-O-P's I say I know when they say freeze - yeaahhhhh! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Okay, you already knew No pussies, no rats, no Tom and Jerry show And I woke up this mornin, eyes half closed Looked into the mirror like damn I'm cold Oh damn I'm cold, and my hoes Damn I'm cold, man I'm throwed I said damn I'm cold, hot damn I'm cold [Outro] This has been a Chops production The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Akon, Diddy, Lil' Wayne, Ron Browz, Swizz Beatz, T-Pain Album: Arab Money (Remix Part One) 12" Song: Arab Money (Remix Part One) Typed by: robtorres82@gmail.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Busta Rhymes] Aiyyo, somebody tell Steven Spielburg and George Lucas thank you for directing this movie! [Ron Browz] Hashi Miki Hallah! Means It's The Remix! [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! [Verse One: Busta Rhymes] Look, you can talk about your money but I really don't care I'm into coppin strange shit, now I'm trying to buy air! (gasps) As the first black nigga that a rap trillionaire I control heat, I'm 'bout to buy the ozone layer! I'm into copping minerals now, diamonds and granite So much paper I could probably gift wrap a planet And clone a million Janets Respect my accomplishments Asalama Lakem Rak Ma Tullai Barigato! [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (Diddy) Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! (Aiyyo Busta, we been gettin this money for a long time man check this out!) [Verse Two: Diddy] Hum Dillelah with my billions pilin Im just wylin bought 2 islands Laksh mi matalin diamonds is salmon Bout to buy 5th ave, bitch i'm just stylin Money insane While Jay was poppin bottles I was buyin out planes just to fly around Spain Fuck a recession, I'm still invested Bout to buy Dubai and swim in the shark section Fuck it, the dark section Bitch, that's the Barack section [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (Diddy) Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] (*Diddy) OHHH!!! (*We gettin Bad Boy money! We gettin Bad Boy money!) [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! (Aiyyo Busta, we been gettin this money for a long time man check this out!) [Verse Three: Ron Browz] You might catch me in a coup that cost 100 thous Haka La Shika means I love you Ron Browz My money make noise, yours quiet as a mouse Send an email Ether Boy's in the house All the girls love me, yeah i pop bubbly Haka Hashahi means shorty dumb ugly Find me on the dance floor doin the duggy Trucks sit high dude, next to your buggy [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (Swizz Beatz) Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! (Don't even call me Swizz no more, call me Kasseem {?} Dean, my government is oils) [Verse Four: Swizz Beatz] When I come through, hit you with that brand new Bugatti Coupe Damn thang, only only sits two But you know who (who?) goon, who be ridin in my passenger Side, we be flyin shit, 2.5 in it Hey, h-hey-hey-HEY - I'm in my Jeezy watchin TV She call me Ha-Habeni while she feedin my linguini Left right, l-left right - that Arab dance poppin right Swizz Beatz, Busta Bus, the money money buss pipes [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (T-Pain) Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! (NAPPY BOYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) [Verse Five: T-Pain] I let my chain hang down with the rest of them Teddy Pain rain down on the rest of them Mr. stripper man that be hollerin get 'em man, I'm at 'em man Rubberband droppin money bombs like a Taliban AH LA LA!!!! We gettin Arab money (Money!) You want this hook you 'gon pay that money Save that money, give it to my kids I'll take that honey, give her all my kids like AH LA LA LAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!! [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (Akon) {T-Pain} Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! {SWAG!!!} Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! {SWAG!!!} We gettin Arab money! {HEY!!} [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! (AKON!!!) Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin!  [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! {SWAG!!} (KONVICT!!! MUSIC!!!!) {NAPPY BOYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!} [Verse Six: Akon] I got that Arab money (money) Four-star Bismillah Hirrahman Nirrahim Straight cash when I come in Lemme exchange the currency 'cause it's all foreign I got that A-RAB MONEY!! Wakin up to five kinds, ya mind's in the money Diamond mines still runnin on all of Africa, you can ask Tarzan [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (Akon) (*Lil' Wayne) Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! (SENEGAL!!!!! SENEGAL!!!!!) [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! (HEY!!!) Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin!  [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! (KONVICT!!! MUSIC!!!!) (*Alright Bus!) [Verse Seven: Lil' Wayne] (Busta Rhymes) Calendar say I get money everyday Smile look like iced out Perrier Marry me a G and tell her kids that I was Now jump into your grave if you dig what I dug Cash Money Universal multi check Twenty chains look like a scarf on my neck Young Money Entertainment girls and fame (Adopt a mu'fucker in the money hall of fame, Arab money) [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Jadakiss, Lil Wayne Album: Back On My B.S. Song: Respect My Conglomerate Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro] Most people would consider this illegal Since we are the best and you agree with me right? No need to debate.....the way we run shit See were kind of like the government, so just repect my conglomerate Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate [Verse One: Busta Rhymes] It's Bus Rhymes!!!! (HUH!) And I'm back With the crack, and the thugs, and the drugs, NIGGA BLACK!!!! (OH!!!!) The best to do it we only deal with the facts bitch Blazin that I'm so amazin on the tracks BITCH!!!!!! (BOUNCE ON 'EM!!!!) And I jump, and I skip And I hop, and I flip over niggas like gymnastics (HEY!) Watch the way and I'm givin the streets acid Bastards niggas know I'm the king of the classics Drastic measures, I'm spreadin like a rash bitch Class is in session you 'bout to get yo' ass kicked  Emperor, of every roundtable of the house (AND WHEN I SPEAK) Niggas respect me as leader of the councilman God rap, God persona, God scrilla (HUH!) God body in the flesh call me GODZILLA!!!!  Now you know you see we be the most prominent Dominant niggas respect my conglomerate (AHHHHHHHH!!!!!!) Since we are the best and you agree with me right? No need to debate.....the way we run shit See were kind of like the government, so just repect my conglomerate Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate  Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate  [Verse Two: Lil Wayne] Eh Em, Young Money we in charge Yes it's Lil Wayne but the money's enlarged Priorities Young Money and God Now they wanna know how I be gettin money on Mars Cause I be gettin paid like out of this world Hip Hop is a bitch and I'm proud of this girl But when the sharks come see how the fish curl This is my day and you 'gon need a referral I know more about tree then squirrel  Me don't talk much but that heat so verbal Brand new Marc Jacobs Pea Coat thermal Gun outside of the gear external I'm so fly y'all still at the terminal I put you in the dirt yeah because I see the worm in you Dirty South bitch! Admire and acknowledge it And respect my conglomerate [Chorus] (Jadakiss) Since we are the best and you agree with me right? (Uh-huh) No need to debate..(uh-uh!)...the way we run shit (Yeah) See were kind of like the government, so just repect my conglomerate (Eh-HAEH!!!) Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate (Ha-HAEEEH!!) Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate (HA-HAEEEH!!) [Verse Three: Jadakiss] Yeah, uh, yeah, yo.. Workers, bosses, Ferraris, Porches Dope fiends nauseous, crack spot Race track, horses, big meetings at the Round table, to discuss what the cost is Money, change you, devils, angels We the ones who say what you can and what you cain't do Respect, power, kush, sour Haze, airy, pills, powder Gangstas, varmints, ice, garments Don shit, real niggas who I get it on wit When I'm around, my colleagues ain't comfortable They all got a-sick with my verses for a month or two (Uh) Yep - wrong nigga to have a problem with The blade first, then the bullet gon' follow it Yeah, if you lucky, I might hollow it D-Block, just respect my conglomerate Since we are the best and you agree with me right? No need to debate.....the way we run shit See were kind of like the government, so just repect my conglomerate Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Big Daddy Kane, Lil' Wayne, Nas, Reek Da Villian, Spliff Star & The Game Album: Don't Touch Me (Throw Da Water On 'Em) (Remix) 12'' Song: Don't Touch Me (Throw Da Water On Em) (Remix) Typed by: Gemini20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Busta Rhymes] This is a national security alert!!! (REMIX!!!! REMIX!!!! REMIX!!!!) Ground Music! Flipmode! Aftermath! Here we go!!! (REMIX!!!! REMIX!!!! REMIX!!!!) [Verse 1: Busta Rhymes] Real talk word to mother it be the gutter brother Back with another banger to set off the summer Better get up and come a-round cause the way our shit will be cloggin up the toilet You probably should CALL THE PLUMBER!!!!! You niggas get dumb and dumber thinkin you can come around and test me!!! Like these other niggas well pick a number I''m sayin you should never ever think that you better nigga Get it together and body your shit since mommy named me Trevor Stellar the way I give a hell of a performance and get a Reaction I attract all the people to COME TOGETHER!!!!! WHETHER NIGGAS REALIZE OR NOY OPPOSE A LETTER JUST LET A FELLA THINK WHAT IT WOULDN'T MAKE HIM REMEMBER THAT When I'm in the buildin it's cool for you to rest in Remember I'm too hot to touch kid CURIOUS!!!! My fire burnin niggas serious I gift wrapped the flame and give it to niggas HERE IT IS!!!!! SEE THROUGH MU'FUCKER WE'LL NEVER BE EQUAL I'LL BANISH AND MAKE 'EM VANISH AND DO IT FOR THE PEOPLE!!!! I be the baddest see when I see when I spit I become the maddest And kill 'em until the blood SEEK THROUGH!!!!! Front if you want but you know who the top biller Bounce while I'm killin the strut and walk with a bop KILLA!!!!!! [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] SO DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) It's gettin hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) HERE WE GO!!! [Verse 2: Reek Da Villian] (Busta Rhymes] R-double E-K, D-A Villian I'll pull a grip out of this waist and splatter ya face When the cali' blow, you'll get a face shot like a cameo Rob the man and leave his ass naked like he D'Angelo Bet I'll let a pistol dismiss you if it's a issue Of a tissue that money'll get you clapped quick! (COME ON!!!) Turn a wimp past wittle to a gym class hero When my AR13'll make 'em backflip (COME ON!!!) [Verse 3: Spliff Star] I'm a BK felon I'll run you down with a weapon My goonies get looney anytime that I tell 'em Dead 'em!!!! I walk around with stacks in my denim With fast foreign cars with the gator skin in 'em Now I got pretty women all around the world If I been in your city probably pound your girl Had her stretched out swimmin in the pool with her breast out Send her back home set to fire the sex out!!!! [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] SO DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) It's gettin hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) HERE WE GO!!! [Verse 4: The Game] Motherfucker, it's FLIP-MODE, when I come up in the club Throwin up a dub, liftin up a snuff Flipmode be stars, you know who the fuck we are Used to be fishscales, now we fuck with caviar Eatin on supreme shit, at the round table On some cream shit, like I grew up in Queensbridge I talk reckless, the whole world know My style is C4 and I'm ABOUT TO BLOW {*explosion*} So don't get close, we'll touch ya ribs And come bust lil' brother with the stick-up kids Like, "SHHHHH!! Take off the watch!" "SHHHHHH!! Take off the watch!" "SHHHHHH!! Take off the watch!" They said Game in the club with a big ass clock Like BOOM!!!! Guess who stepped in the room LAX comin through, JFK real soon [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] SO DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) It's gettin hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) HERE WE GO!!! [Verse 5: Lil Wayne] Chirp on the check like Michael Jeffrey Even the referee said I need an ESPY, award just applaud I'm a boar with a broad I go hard and my leather so soft and I cough And the board of health say the boy need help I am so hot the AM just melt All aboard all aboard black card no fraud I'm an extension cord I'm a lightning rod I'm a lion roar I'm a dinosaur I'm a sinus minus the nose I'm a cold I'm raw than a temperature rose to five and, two o's that's 500 degrees for those who know My fire's higher than a liar, we don't burn rubber, we burn tires We riders we ciders, we live in The Carter Wayne is a flame that could live in the water Ok now let's get it straight either you bait Or the mate either eay you on my plate gettin ate After grace, if you taste like base, snares and tenors be my dinner I'm hotter in the winter, burn like sinner, turn like sinner I swear I'll put ya in the urn by your picture Pa we ain't playin Weezy baby be the man Hotter than the Peter Pan till wet here I am [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] SO DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) It's gettin hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) HERE WE GO!!! [Verse 6: Nas] Man, listen I spot a square dude from a distance Through the tenant Maybach curtain in partition Nip and Tuck niggas, I could never fuck with 'em Or pass the blunt with 'em, let the guns hit 'em Bring fire, frizzy hair for perspire You ain't a rider, pat'nuh! I'm a crippler Crutch give a hospitalizer, hottest whip driver Heap on my hip, the biggest life or death decider I ain't a rapper or an activist I'm badder I used to run from a cracker named Lieutenant Casper No black leather jackets or black horasis My old days, like I said from a Vogue page And none of y'all cock what I cop Forget your excuse if the music ain't hot Where the Range? Where the drops? Y'all never got hoes See you on the club, wrist never on froze [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] SO DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) It's gettin hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) HERE WE GO!!! [Verse 7: Big Daddy Kane] Busta Bus pick me up in the Coupe to come bubble through This is routine kid it ain't nothin new You bring trouble to me the untouchable Make me have to bring in the troops like George W I'll scorch you somethin awful when I fell through Of course the raw to be when you could put a broad to Better bring with you your fire extinguisher Listen I love static and I'm ready to cling to ya (OK!) Kid I made it from magazine pages to big stages How I made this through all the different ages Thinkin you do itlike this is outrageous Yeah I'm sick with it but it's not contageous Your hottest thing to me, not a thing Every night my crib is like the Bada Bing So make sure that you youngin's got it right Kane's who's the fuckin rock stars party like (You heard!!!) [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] SO DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) It's gettin hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) HERE WE GO!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Busta Rhymes, Lil Wayne, Trey Songz, Young Jeezy Album: Catastrophic (Mixtape) Song: Hail Mary Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] (Hail Mary, Hail Mary, Hail Mary) It's Trigga (Bussa Buss) (Trig, what's happenin' nigga?) I got that game (I got that game) I caught a play (I caught a play) We goin' long (we goin' long) Do what I say (do what I say) I've got my game face on (yeah, yeah, yeah) I got my game face on, come on The conglomerate, baby! [Verse 1: Busta Rhymes] I don't want a war, drop them drawers How it feel? Shit Peep how they applaud When I walk out on that field, bitch Y'all already know the way I'm moving, anyway I do this every day Watch the way we execute the play Fuck the shit you say! Feelin' kinda sloppy, Nouveau Gotti With the coup today Mami, what my niggaz do, I'm sorry Yeah, they shoot the K Here you know the motto See we gotta get the loot and pray For my enemies, pop them bottles Follow suit and spray Fuck the ref, nigga Fuck the foul call Hit her with the dick, she cursed me For hittin' her with my foul ball You can bring your friends, little mami You know my style, though 'Case you ain't know, we ride on [Chorus: Trey Songz] Hey girl you say you like it deep, Hail Mary Hey girl you know the play, Hail Mary Tonight we going long, yeah, we be goin' long Hey, huddle up, Hail Mary I ain't tryin' to punt, Hail Mary Tonight we goin' long We be goin' long, Hail Mary [Verse 2: Young Jeezy] I got my chopper in my 'rari In case I see my enemies I don't know what's gotten into me Tonight I'm on this Hennessy I won't usually do the brown But tonight is special (special) Sam Rothstein be my agenda, yeah my special My 2-door is retarded I call that bitch special-ed I don't even know her name I just call her special-ed Another year, same haters, usual suspects Worried 'bout another nigga I swear that shit is suspect Keyser Soze, sold the yay, and I got away Hit the club, bay air fresh, in case I die today Hail Mary, told her it's the world, ain't got shit to lose 'Bout to go long, celebrate, like I'm Cindy Cruse [Verse 3: Trey Songz] Whatever you want I got it Got a drop-top in my pocket You pop it, you watch it Keep on poppin' and I'm a drop it So hard to be alone, anyone'll go But right here at this moment You the one I want to roll, so You got the ball baby, it's in your hands I'm a be the coach, I'm a let you know the plan What's next is, baby you and me exit What now? I'm a get you naked Do a little bit of sexin' Touch down And once you let me score I'm a wanna score again Double O, triple O, baby I'm a play to win Say the best stuff, and see some good D Hey girl I heard you like it deep [Verse 4: Lil' Wayne] Tunchi in this muthafucka Hail Mary, full of grace I don't remember her name But I remember how her pussy tastes I go long, so long, she love the way that I put it down Got you goin' in circles, all you gotta do is look around I'm Mr. Right and she's Ms. Tonight Pussy so nice, gotta kiss it twice Pussy so tight my tongue get stuck My tongue get stuck like lickin' ice Hoes call me QB, I throw that dick too deep I told her she's the preacher's wife She said practice what you preach She said "ah, me so horny, he love me long time" I say how 'bout 69, she say numbers don't lie I say true, you ain't never told no lie You ain't never told no lie And you know they say love is blind So close your eyes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Lil Wayne Album: Year of the Dragon Song: Pressure Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] Yeah, we see you bust a bottle at your little table stuntin And we comin by the bar and get to fuckin up your front and puttin PRESSURE ON 'EM, we puttin PRESSURE ON 'EM We puttin PRESSURE ON 'EM, we puttin PRESSURE ON 'EM Okay, we see you in your Phantom actin cocky with your missus Yeah you ball until you see us pull up and now them bitches puttin PRESSURE ON 'EM, we puttin PRESSURE ON 'EM We puttin PRESSURE ON 'EM, we puttin PRESSURE ON 'EM [Busta Rhymes] Ay, aiyyo When we do this shit, now tell me why is you competin? When I be that type of nigga that get money when I'm sleepin And when I'm fartin and shittin I cop countries on the weekends So ambitious my accountants cop continents when I'm eatin for me Busta Bust, the most dominant, start retreatin Beat the street up, shit be soundin remarkable when I'm speakin homie Huge rechargable batteries, bitch I'm tweakin only Short circuit electric chair voltages, every feature call me! {*gasp*} Like I'm short for breath drownin in money rushes Fuck a blunt bitch, I'm inhalin muffler smoke from buses I defend my money like soldiers, I come to punish Defense mechanism from infections the way that puss is Ain't no fuckin around or frontin, get it? As for gettin this bread I'm like vomit, so disgusting with it Here's my other alias, don't forget it Call me Snowblower, blowin this bread like it's nothin with it [Lil Wayne] Okay, Weezy F Baby, man I gotta put the pressure on 'em Young Money the +special team+, we so Devin Hester on 'em Right up on your girl lips, got my dick restin on 'em Soon as it woke up, it came, and left it on 'em Swag with no effort on 'em, quicker than a leopard on 'em If he got beef watch me sprinkle salt and pepper on him No Spinderella, just plenty metal for any fellow Semi settle everything for me, end everything for me Smokin on that G-13 and everything funny 'Specially y'all bitch ass niggaz, kiss ass niggaz Blood Gang, six flags nigga, no rollercoaster Real shit, we hold the bread, the hoes hold the toasters Young Casanova, I bend they asses over She say my dick's stronger than a six-pack of Cola Man I'm so fly, I got arachnophobia Pressure bust pipes, but Weezy bust twice Ha ha! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Lil Wayne, Ludacris Album: Throw it Up 12" Song: Throw it Up Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Busta Rhymes] + (Ludacris) + {Wayne} Yeah I'm back to drive you crazy with the hottest shit in the street, no if ands or maybes E'rybody gather around, from here to Little Haiti Cause it's Bust (Luda!) and {Young Weezy baby} With Flipmode and DTP shit be gettin ugly Weezy tell 'em what you rep {I represent Young Money!} Yeah I know you got me homie {Busta Bust I got you} Real talk {I'm goin in} GET 'EM KILLA! [Lil Wayne] I'm 'bout to blast off, call it rocket science Daddy fat stacks, check my pocket size And if ya wan' try it, c'mon and try it You don't want beef I'll put you on a diet I'm comin through yo' house, with them choppers firin And all adults die, leave the toddlers cryin I've been a soldier, never met Private Ryan (uh-uh) Hey welcome to the jungle and I'm the lion I'm dippin in my coupe, with the top behind me I'm not the president but I see cops behind me Well fuck 'em fuck 'em fuck 'em, and they cannot stop me So I will be drivin like Ricky Bobby It's +My Prerogative+ like Whitney's Bobby I'm skatin on blades like Sidney Crosby (that's hot) Haha, sharper than a ginsu shawty You not Beyonc but I can +Get You Bodied+ [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] Now you know what we about to do, we goin full throttle Niggaz go and toss ya champagne and throw a fuckin bottle Throw it up (you know we got 'em) throw it up (you know we got 'em) Throw it up (you know we got 'em) throw it up (you know we got 'em!) [Ludacris] Yeah, I got 'em, LUDA! I throw it up like a cap and tassel, I got my rap diploma I throw it up like the gangs in Southern California I got them burners on ya, have you lookin at a Russian ruger Have you lookin like a human torch, and have you lookin like Freddy Krueger So don't be sleepin on me, this ain't a fuckin dream I pass the rock to these J's like I'm on they FUCKIN team But I ain't slangin dope (nope) I slang Luda vision Hip-Hop's God in these jeans, now that's +True Religion+ You couldn't fill my shoes (nope) you couldn't fill my jockey (nope) My niggaz fight over ice like we been playin hockey I hope you get the goal, I hope you get the point I'm on a ROLL with this paper, I hope you get the joint I hope you fire it UP, I hope it burn slow I welcome chicks to my nest, I let these birds know And eagles fly alone, so I'm 'bout to take FLIGHT And throw it up like your girl's dress on prom night! [Busta Rhymes] When I spit, niggaz be askin.. "Who dat?" It be the god, and I know you niggaz really wonder how the hell I.. do dat! And the way, that I come through and kill every single thing.. when I rhyme Never mind, niggaz can't compete when I spit and do the beat same time BRING THE BEAT BACK! My fans'll leave ya fuckin ass leakin for sayin you nicer than me, hypothetically speakin Cool & Dre, bring the fuckin beat back for no reason Rewind it! Niggaz know my rap and know me for always beastin Okay, when they see me they stutter, niggaz know where I'm from Skoo-nu-nu-nu-nu, ba-ba-be, like they speakin in tongue (OHH!) I single-handedly MOVE, like a thousand niggaz kicko Aroo-roo! Tramplin niggaz like a herd of hippo (nigga!) When I get hot I pop like oil, that's when they call me Crisco (bitch!) That's when I seek revenge like the Count of Monte Cristo Crack niggaz like Nabisco, swallow a fifth of Cisco A gangsta cat markin territory wherever the piss go Now that I'm pissy drunk, why the hell you wanna thug and holla? I'll change that and have you consider studyin Kabala (SHIT!) They nicknamed me Kamala (HEY) kinda like the Ugandan giant Flattenin niggaz with my foot, WHO WANNA TRY IT? [Busta Rhymes] When the game was gettin weak and everybody started whinin And, when the streets needed us we came with perfect timin Throw it up (you know we got 'em) throw it up (you know we got 'em) Throw it up (you know we got 'em) throw it up (you know we got 'em!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cam'Ron f/ Lil Wayne Album: Killa Season Song: Touch it or Not Typed by: thatpiff@gmail.com  [Cam'Ron] Killa! Dip-set! Lil' Weezy, Cash Money! Yo ma, lemme holla Let's do it! [Chorus: Cam'Ron] Ma, I been huggin' the block (huggin' the block) That's right! Hustlin' rocks (hustlin' rock) I know, I been pufffin' a lot (puffin' a lot) But a nigga wanna know Babygirl, you gon' suck it or not? [Cam'Ron] Huh?  My dick hard as a motherfucker You don't what?! Tell that shit to another sucker (what I look like?) I ain't no sucka, mama, come on fuck the drama (fuck that) Pet, kiss it, then, lil pucker-rama (lil pucker-rama) I'm so active, you being so drastic  Got something for ya face, fuck pro-activ  I'm a pro at this Round the globe, atlas But I need to know ma, you gon' suck it or not? Babygirl, I'm in love with the twat Missionary, back shots, pop it off, rock it off I tell you right now if my cock is soft (what I want?) head before and after (what's that?)  top it off (do what?) On ya knees, show you how to top a boss (how it go?) Lick, suck, deep throat, stop, cough,  hop on, hop off, lollipop off I know it's white, but here come the hot sauce [Cam'Ron] Lookin light skinned, mami was tight slim Fat ass, big tits, I noticed her nice chin (sturdy chin) I approached her, slight grin, white Timbs, number you can type in Said she don't like men (hahaha) I just laughed, ma, if we link, we link You don't like men? me neither, what a coincidink (what a coincidence) Ms. Jiggy, Ms. Piggy, Pinky mink, pinky ring blingin' Ma, you gon' suck it or not? I ain't the type to diss you, kinda like the issue (I like that) That's the situation, bring wifey with you (bring her) Would you like a tissue? (Why?)  You gon' need it for the cum up in your nose, babygirl, cause you suckin my cock! Ain't a question now, it's a guarantee They say I think I'm the shit, (oh well) well apparently But you won't hear words like "Marry me" (what, marry me?) Only thing you gonna hear is, "suck it or not!" [Lil Wayne] I get head in the strangest places two at the same time, call it changin faces I tell a bitch "we ain't tradin places" Now stand back and catch my amazing greatness (heh heh heh) Taste and savor it Vanilla Ice Cream, she say "ooh, my favorite" Do you know who you playin' wit?  Wayne Chillin' like a scarecrow, looking for some brain Drivin' in the range or  flying on a plane Her head is crazy so she's insane She know the game, get in and get right Every bitch in the industry wanna rock my mic I'm hot like light I'm tough like Ike I don't fuck with dog hoes cause them hoes might bite Yeah, and then she follows In the back of my mind, I'm hopin' she swallows  [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cash Money Millionaires Album: Undisputed 12" Song: Undisputed Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Huh? Yeah (yeah) yea - Yeah (yeah) yea Yeah (yeah) yea - Yeah (yeah) yea Yeah.. yo (yo) yo (yo) Uh-huh (Who?) CMB (Who?) Who else? (Who?) The undisputed CMB (Who hold the title?) We hold the title, you know why? (Aight, yes) Look.. [Lil' Wayne] There ain't a cat out green that could deal with Weez' Homie quick like coupes, AH! Feel the breeze And I'm Holly Grove's heart, the hood made me trill The hottest Hot Boy baby, time reveal And I'm momma's oldest boy, papa's first seed But poppa's not real, he don't bleed what I bleed I'm nineteen strong, a kid with a kid And ain't too many people outdid what I did I rock bricks down, I rock e'ry town I puff the best 'dro, pound for pound Now say Round, the boy tough not bluff Yeezy Weezy, young money Squad up Whoever don't like it mount up Then down ya go, I been a champ like the dude Monroe Not in ten years, they still wouldn'ta planned it For every one to fall and I still be standin Undisputed [Hook] - 2X We can't lose! We been through too much pain Too much struggle, and too much strain This is CMR Though them haterz tryna lock us in We got it locked from the block to the pen Undisputed! [Baby] I'm the ice man whodie, it's nothin to ex ya out Put the G on the head, ain't got to say it out the mouth With the beanie with the bluejean jacket, metal packin Walkin up that walk and I'm bout that jackin I do this for the penitentiary, holla! I'll stunt for y'all while I'm spendin these dollars! I lock cells like four corner blocks I'm the bird man, I never chipped off the top I'm switch-handed, when I'm swingin I'm landin I thug on the street and I thug red-banded Wipe you off the land, it's a concrete jungle A tear for the gangstaz, O.Z.'s and bundoes A tear drop for the clown I put under You know, I been livin like this for ten summers I'm the boss of the ghetto, black crow of the game 3rd Ward survivor, ain't a damn thang changed! [Hook] - 2X [talking] Say hold up, check this out We 'bout to cut the lights off right? Send me some meddum and a joe And while ya at it, send that week down here wit it [Lac] Whodie I done sent for ya, so it's best ya come I'm Lac Saladin, the dog of the pris-on I'm the next best thing to the warden Plus I'm chargin 2 bits on the carton I send words to an old blister, with no pistol The B.G.F. still sho' getcha I walk with my pants saggin I'm a H.B.G. for life, now what's happenin? [Mannie Fresh] Please whatchu talkin, I'm a dead man walkin If we was on the streets then the .44 would be barkin Keep the shank on the left side and the titch right here I'm the greasy Adebisi thats runnin' this here With the Black Gorillas, petty hustlers and ese's Jeffrey Dahmer, Son of Sam, Aryan Nation and O.J. Now how you gon' stop them, throw away the key and lock them Tell the D.A. it's them against me, cockin [Hook] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cassidy f/ Fabolous, Lil Wayne Album: I'm a Hustla Song: 6 Minutes Typed by: nappa430@hotmail.com {Cassidy speaks in the beginning and between each verse} [Cassidy] Yeah, I go by the name of Cassidy the Hustler And I brought two of my niggaz with me and we about to shut the industry down Aiyyo Wheezy let's get it poppin! [Lil Wayne] Hit me! Fuck that shit this the south side, got a fat dick on your mouth wide I'm from the take it outside, nah do it right here, nah How 'bout later on, yeah when everybody home, look you fucking with Weezy F baby, please say the baby Riding with your bitch got keys on the lady Triple gold D's four tires on the whip Young Carter sliding out I'm flyer than the whip Yeah, higher than an angel, or hotter than the devil The pot or kettle, uh The metal let 'em burn like "Ursher" but worser If there's any beef I come Ron like Mercer Word up, eagle street I'm throwing my curve up We take your ice cream and turn you into sherbert I got flow I'm like "Sure" but, if it's about dough I'm like "Sure 'nuff" I'm from the bird bunch, Birdman Jr. you niggaz bird lunch I see your lips moving but I ain't heard much You see the wirst moving, it look like pure punch I hear the playa hating but I don't endorse such I got the Escalade, guts like the tour bus I got the styrofoam poured up with syrup And in the tires where the package is going Midas been a Goodyear with these Firestones I spit like Myas poems, born in chromers For the buyers chromosomes I got summers I got vicadens, valiums I ain't stopping Got pot and heroin, ex, oxycontin And that's how we rocking How can you hear that bop unless I'm be-bopping Yeah skip when you hear that click Cash money nigga I'm that shit Weezy Baby, ugh! [Cassidy] That's what I'm talking about Now Fab, spit at these niggaz and let them know why they ain't fuckin with you [Fabolous] Your goddamn right I'm feeling myself A chauffeur no sir, I'm wheeling myself Looking for a chick chilling for self So I can show her the suicides and talk her into killing herself I'm having problems dealing with wealth But you wouldn't understand it, until you get a million yourself You niggaz must've got a deal for your health Your cd is frozen food, it just chills on the shelf I spend big, at any time I can start splurging The twin SIGs open chests like a heart surgeon And I'm buttoned up, I'm just a blue collar crook But I keep a stack thick as few college books I got a new polished look And twenty dime bitches, to show y'all niggaz how my two dollars look The boy's got at least six digits on So the guns gotta be at least midget long The money, is like ten bridges long I throw bread around just to turn pigeons on I got some good smoke just for puffers The two grand twenty's make the hustlers suffer Plus it's fluffer, than a cotton ball I've gotten calls wanting me to put the pot in malls But nowadays you can't put it past 'em I got a Dan Marino arm, I'm bout to throw some bullets past 'em And the niggaz in the hood keep quoting my lines I don't jump ship I keep floating in mine Long as I keep toting I'm fine I'ma have these dick sucking niggaz deep-throating the nine I jumped in the English ship, Benzed whip It's Terminator 2 chrome the engines dip I'm reading scripts no, not the penmanship (no) The box-office shit (yeah), I box off this bitch (yeah) Jessica Alba, Kirsten Dunst And still make a mil' on the first of months These dudes be the first to front 'Til they family and friends is in limos, they in hearse in front I'm in the top position, I can make you a proposition I'm in the hard top waiting on the drop edition To hell with the patience I'ma send a nigga down under like Australia vacations [Cassidy] Yeah it is what it is My niggaz just killed y'all and I'ma close the casket I'm tryin not to let this industry get the best of me y'all I work hard in the game, the game's stressing me y'all All they do is complain what they expect from me y'all From the hood to Hollywood they respecting me y'all And even overseas they accepting me y'all All the ladies show me love, the thugs repping me y'all I get a lot of dirty money so respect me or fall But I'm saving all my checks, I'm investing 'em all They say, what goes up is gon' definitely fall Even the stars work success, it's my destiny y'all Look, I cook tracks I got the recipe y'all You can't name another cat that can mess with me y'all At the shows all the hoes be molesting me y'all I got broads crying trying to get next to me y'all I got broads craving begging to have sex with me y'all Screaming, "Cass you don't know how sexy you are!" And I'm happy I'm alive, God's blessing me y'all And all the problems that arrive is God testing me y'all So I pray everyday but I ain't praying too much Cause I be sinning everyday so I ain't praying enough And we all could be beat, and I ain't saying I'm tough But if it's beef I don't speak, I ain't saying "What's up" If it's beef when we meet then I'm spaying shit up Prraat prraat. I ain't saying too much and that's that Cause that cat you embracing with love Might clap that gat cause he got hate in his blood Keep your friends at a distance and your enemies close Cause the folks you call friends tend to envy the most Some cats'll hang themselves if you give 'em a rope Burn the bridge and don't give a boat, let 'em sink Sometimes you gotta give 'em some some time to let 'em think But sometimes you gotta give 'em the nine and let 'em stink You can't bring every horse to the pond and let 'em drink I'd rather keep my eyes wide open instead of blink As soon as your eyes shut, them niggaz will ride up And the guys that you trusted be getting you tied up And we all gotta die but, I ain't ready to leave That's why even if it's petty I'll be ready to squeeze But put a cheddar in cheese, the guac-a-moola I pop the Ruger, send that hot shit through ya! Like booya! That's the sound when the pound busting Ooh, ah, you'll be laying on the ground suffering Clowning's nothing to pull out and blast you I try to only resort to violence if I have to But man niggaz out here are playing fair So before the odds even I'm leaving them laying there And I ain't even playing believe what I'm saying here Cause before this shit gets further your click gets murdered And found in a hole in the grass For trying to play that thug role I'll stomp a mud hole in your ass And this Cass, nigga I'm that sick Full Surface nigga I'm that shit, bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chamillionaire f/ Lil Wayne, Rasaq Album: The Sound of Revenge Song: Fly as the Sky Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: Chamillionaire] F what you heard me, See me in person You know I'm fly {*3X*} Even your girlfriends and all her girlfriends You know I'm fly {*3X*} Keep it dirty, dirty you heard me You know I'm fly {*2X*} You know I'm fly as the sky Fly like a birdy {*2X*} Fly like a [Chamillionaire] Yellow band, excuse me Cham, please give me the time again Diamonds so large, the minute hand ain't got no time for them Damn! How you susposed to see the time when them M&M-sized diamonds lay right beside the hand Chamilll, Rasaq, & Lil Wayne make a nigga feel ashamed Trying to hide the bling in the middle of your little chain In the drain, down it go, say they love the sound of those Chamilltary boys, We the illest boys around here hoe Flyer than a bird yes but your correct if your guess Is that the eagle gonna hurt when aiming at your bird chest Pow! Forget your feelings, I could care less Leave you where I leave you, you can see ya in the turbulence Girl do yourself a favor and don't say I have to pay ya Give a favor to a playa and just pass it to my neighbor And when your finished could you tell your friend to flavor Cause the king ain't gonna savor, just gonna save that ass for later [Rasaq] Mayne I'm fly as a plane, Me and Lil Wayne Spitting game, get your girl weezy like his name We don't have to say a thing cause the chain can explain First they look at the piece then they look at the rang I'm fly as a pelican, Ice on my skeleton On a sunday morning, I stay sharper than a reverend Candy on my doors, looking something like gelatin Syrup in my cup but I ain't talking about medicine I'm cold as an eskimo, throwed from my head to toe The white tee fresh but it starts in my denims though Yeah and if I pull down my fly, I could piss on the sky Cause nigga I'm that high I pulled up in heaven up in the candy painted ride And I gave jesus five and I'm still alive Even though I know them haters wish I would die Even in they day dreams, i'ma still stay fly boy [Lil Wayne] They call me Birdman Junior, I'm flyer than the rest I'm trying to get a couple cool pigeons to the nest And if you look at how the jewels glisten on my chest Then you will be impressed and yes that's VS Fly boy to death, I used to only fly First class on every plane til I bought a jet I'm on the runway, let down the steps Open the phantom door and light up the cess I smoke the best, Chamillion come get me From University of Houston after I pass my test Swisha lays for sure, it'll come your nerves So boy I'm so high, I could palm the world Yeah and I'm strapped for the turbulence Pow! Now you up here with me in a cloud (Chea) They call me Weezy Baby, the son of a stunner Bitch I'm flyer than a motherfucker, ya know Chamillionaire [Verse 4]: Poster child to the pop trunk, I pop it up and let it bang I'm show ya how to rep the city, correctly run the game Grip tightly on the grain, turn it left and we call it swang Let me show ya how to make the baddest ladies scream your name I'll put that boy J Junior in the future in a body bag I'm trying to quote that bad body like a boxing bag Trying to get below the belt and beat it like a boxing jab Hit it then I quit it like I dropped out of a boxing class Know how we doing it, we been chopped and screwing it Coming to get that number one spot you got like Ludacris Know he acting groupie-ish taking a sip out Luda's Cris We buy our own bottles, grab one and put it to your lips Hating on your hood, throw your hood up, put it in his face Repping Texas, got that real estate down in that realest state Didn't need a bigger place, didn't need a bigger face On my watch but forgot and went a got them both a place Fix ya face The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chamillionaire f/ Lil Wayne Album: Man on Fire/Chamillitary Song: I'm a Hustla Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com "Nigga, ask about me" {*4*} "I'm a hustler, I'm a, I'm a hustler homie" {*2*} "Nigga, ask a, nigga, nigga, ask about me" {*2*} "I'm a hustler, I'm a, I'm a hustler homie" {*2*} [Chamillionaire] Nah man I'm not Blood deep or Crip deep or 6 deep or clip deep How deep? This deep, nine millie clip deep With this heat, a body builder turn into a pipsqueak They turn to vegetarians, they don't wanna end up mince meat You'll see, where the mortuary was at, I know you miss me Snatch the gat, brrr-at! And lyrically wreck that ass officially I see you live in fairytales, niggas better switch beefs I had a tooth fairy choke his ass up outa his sleep Problem with Chamillionaire? Do they mention any names? Hell no! You scared crow? Try your best to be brave Got a Smith & Wesson bro, we know that you gon' behave Safety, your locksmith, like you could get a key made You all up on the thang like little girls turning teenage You really a bunch of hoes like 6th street at Texas relays Ohio to Chicago, I got niggas in them PJ's Bully, skinny, but the arms strong like you was BJ's I hear these rapping niggas but believe I'm not a fan of it I'm here to rid the rap game of all its contaminants I'm better than the average, I want her, I can have the chick Doing the same pose as Paris Hilton in them camera flicks (haha) The mathematics get big cause I'm demanding it Raping the rap game while these other suckers is romancing it They worried about its feelings, they don't wanna take a chance with it Kissing up to the game with rose petals and a candle lit haha "I'm a hustler, I'm a, I'm a hustler" {*Slowed down*} [Lil Wayne] Aaaaaay I'm a southern boy, therefore I stunt Y'all city slickers, we call it country dump And I'm chilling like a villain off a killing Looking at the ceilings like I'ma get in for realer I'ma get it regardless, hard as it is Who wants to be a millionaire? Know how I'ma get a million And I'm in the pavilion Chilling with my girl but I don't speak Sicilian But we both count the same as Long as when I say I'm with it, it come out the same as If I wanna win with it but I'm out the game Y'all boys trynna get me killed... huh You know the Feds are my biggest fans I got to watch what the little one's saying, man They see my momma and they wanna pull her over Cause she ain't got no number on the back of the Rover And yep - I'm locing There's cooler ways to die but I'm smoking There's cooler ways to ride but I'm soaring Might do the young G5 or G4 Ay, you never know, when your boy might touring Just trynna get me some air on Mike Jordan Of this whole thing right here, I'm staring Y'all boys just appear, I'm here, the Tardis So applaud him, yeeeeah Chinky eyes, keep faring Look like Keith Moorer, street aura, uh Still I hustled in the street like he poorer Run up on him you sleep and eat aura Decent Christians, he owes momma, those Gucci seatbelts will look better with the barker Sit up in my office, you need to rebound You got a box out, get up put a baller on I'm right back with ya, never leave ya lonely Forget about Frank momma, I can be your Tony Weezy F. Baby man... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chamillionaire f/ Lil Wayne Album: Ultimate Victory Song: Rock Star Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com * album is censored - edited words are in {brackets} [Chamillionaire] Rock star, rock star (rock on) Rock star (rock on) let's rock-n-roll! (rock on) I got ladies that love my ladies, haters that hate my haters I'm a Chamillionaire but got billionaires for my neighbors (rock on!) [Chorus One: Chamillionaire] I been had the paper, I been had the stacks The crowd's screamin loud in every city on the map Got the groupies goin crazy, they don't know how to act I bring 'em backstage and tell 'em, "Baby just relax" [Chamillionaire] Rock on, they see the jewels is so sick like flu spit and flu cough Take it off and you lost, the tough talk you tuned it off Keep the four-iron there, keep on thinkin that it's for golf Nickel plate on your head, silverware is food for thought The Grammy winner, the haters is like "How could this happen?" (how?) On the red carpet so much they mistake me for Aladdin Now I'm a rapper with revenue like a rock star If I'm there you can believe the Black Card is not far Teen spirit ain't what they smellin, they yellin "Where that Nirvana?" The crowd is rockin and rollin them swishas full of marijuana They judgin me like Your Honor, your daughter's here with her momma They me that I'm a charmer, more freakier than Madonna Famous looked right at me and said "Know why I got my lighter up? (why?) Cause like the throwback P. Diddy alias, I'ma +Puff+" See how we rippin up tickets the police writin us Do like Michael Jackson's complexion mister and lighten up, ha ha [Chorus Two: Chamillionaire] Ladies love it when you're livin like a rock star I got 'em screamin loud as they keep screamin comin out bras daily, daily Ladies love it when you're livin like a rock star She sayin she's in love with me and she is probably your lady Like a rock star (lady) like a rock star (lady) Ladies love it when you're livin like a rock star (rock star baby) Catch me gettin into trouble like it's my job (baby, baby) When we listen 'til the cops come then I'ma  rock on! [Chorus One] [Lil Wayne] + (Chamillionaire) Chamilli-tary (and now Mr. Young Money himself) Lil Weezy, baby! Hahaha Rock-n-roll fly, {bitches} behold I I am the {shit}, hear the commode cry Hear the guitar scream, that double-R lean And if it's for me, then it's for-eign Ha, I mean my cars, I mean my clothes I mean my {hoes}, I mean my flows You dress different 'round me then I'ma clean your nose Step into the line of fire, jalapeo toes Compared to Bigfoot you just Twinkle Toes I get your girlfriend wet like wrinkled clothes Rock star like, money drugs freakin {hoes} World tours, walk-throughs and TV shows My hair's out (heyyy) no shirt (heyyy) I stage dive (rock rock) I crowd surf (heyyy) I'm a Hot Boy (heyyy) I'm on my hot {shit} (rock rock) Reportin to you live from the moshpit [Chorus Two] [Chamillionaire] I'm so cool, I'm so smooth, I'm that dude, I'm so muah Groupies trillin me like a spy, the ground be tellin me that I'm fly The clouds see me and they cry just to get a glimpse of I Got Mother Nature so jealous she knockin pigeons out the sky Can't help it I got 'em rockin they velvet Bones and losin clothes the higher my album sales get They love me that's right you nailed it, they treatin me like I'm Elvis Naked pictures she mailed it, she licked on the stamp and melt it Huh, so save your rap for the rookies cause it ain't no rappers here A show you do in the club is a show we do in the Amphitheater We packin stadiums, ladies come in I'll introduce ya It's too packed to maneuver, crowd look like Lollapalooza We outshinin the losers (heyyy) know I rock with the Ruger (heyyy) You know I'm a producer, weapon upside your medulla (heyyy) Got no time to seduce her, Superhead type of seducer Groupies tryin to snake me but Koopa denyin Medusas, ha ha [Chorus Two] [Outro: Chamillionaire] Rock rock (rock on) rock rock (rock on) We gon' keep on rockin and rollin until the wheels fall off Knowmtalkinbout? Chamillitary mayne Young Money, we the new Red Hot Chili Peppers We on fire, sold out arenas, tearin up tourbuses You know how we get down, ha ha Rock on, hold up, hold up, hold up Tryin to get that Ozzy Osbourne paper mayne I'ma throw a pool party, me and the Playboy bunnies  gon' be swimmin in a pool of paper like Scrooge McDuck Heh, you invited, if you can swim Ha ha, rock on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chip Tha Ripper f/ Lil Wayne Album: Money (Mixtape) Song: Do That Shit Typed by: AZ Lyrics I love it when you do that shit Girl go on head and get it Move like you move it if you don't I love when you do that shit Girl go on head and get it Drop it down bring it up and let it roll I love when you Do that shit yea Do that shit uh Do that shit yeah Do that shit I love when you do that shit uh Do that shit yeah Do that shit uh Do that shit I wounder how she do that man hold up Lil momma allmost got my thing swold up Spind a couple dallors on ya chan so what Gotta hunder ones we can hit the damn truck Wait did I say I had a hundred ones my bad. A bitch will never evea say she had a dallor I had no The only bitch I prolly ever spent cash on prolly Was stupid head to see if I could last long Hit the ass gone puumm me so fly Gettin blowed in the back of the g 4 Grap a towl hurry up skeet skeet ohh I said my bad what cha lookin at me foo I want a bad bitch caz I'm a damn fool Girl you gotta do somthings them hoes can't do Come to my till room 129 I just gotta see ya one more time Let me know you ant scaard girl don't be acting like that You know what I came to see gone trough that ass back What chyou thought it was just me and all fats It's a hundred slab niggas where the fuck your friends at I tell a bitch get down then get down I'm a stand up you can set down Pull up to your house not so fast we fuckin in here right (yup) got your ass I am so cool, locos on boo if you think you was gettin paid the jokes on you Open up my hotel don't look on tha floor You'll see one pair of pumps and 4 pair of shall toes Yeah I share hoes bitch I'm from the slab As soon as they heard the name they aske like me now I just want to grab don't worry about me you just worry about stayin on beat [Lil Wayne] Money to be made best belive a nigga clockin I runned my self like a quarter back option I pictured 10 gs tell the bitch to go shoppin She buy her self some cloths and she broght me back a chopper See a nigga tryin to kick it but you know I don't play soccer I am all about my cake I am tryin to marry betty crocker A package on the way and on my whip game proper And enugh for one keya see 70 thousend dallors Now I was shootin dice smokin on a joint I bet with yo gotti he hit 5 stright points And yo we keep hustlin yo we keep grindin You rap about money and a nigga might sign ya Rap about me a nigga might find ya But now nine in ya ass with your head right behind ya Dope game bitch let his momma worry bout em You can halla at me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chris Styles f/ Lil Wayne Album: Whatcha Say (Remix) (Single) Song: Whatcha Say (Remix) Typed by: chrisandoval2004@yahoo.com Intro (Imogen Heap): Ransom notes keep falling out your mouth mid-sweet talk, newspaper word cut outs speak no feeling no I don't believe you you don't care a bit, you don't care a bit Chorus (Imogen Heap): This is what we need, you decided this Whatcha say (x4) Verse 1 (Chris Styles): Fuck a love song, I'm lookin' for my enemies I don't even know what the hell has gotten into me I guess I got tired of the drama and the bullshit finger on the trigger? guarantee they never pull shit they rap about that mob shit, that's not what I'm about I get paid to make hits, they can be the hottest out killers with no bodies, will I ever blow? probably look around, who can do it like me? nobody put a milli' on it, I could give it to you if you really want it put me on a song with anybody, bet I (Kill 'em on it) (easy) rest in peace to the beat, it's bleeding on me on the remix with Wayne, I don't see opponents If a hater want it I ain't losing to him I call it revenge, his partners call it losin' a friend again, I'm the people's hope? I'm a do it for them and do it like nobody gon' do it again (Styles) Chorus(Imogen Heap): This is what we need, you decided this Whatcha say (x4) Verse 2 (Lil Wayne):  (Yeah, come on) Call me Weezy baby, (yup) hands up, tech wavin' Hey now, lay down like a nigga put a bed down Sleep tight, die in a dirt cheap life Suit tucked, tie and the shirt, speech nice Lumps in throats, trumpet blow (gone) Where we at daddy, guns and coke (home) the quiet is woke the riot's provoked (bomb) All them busters allowed me to suffer, and she know not to ever fuck around with the fuckers, and Stop looking up that mountain above you Have you looking under cars, inspecting mufflers (yeah) that's reality baby, check your calendar Every day's a new day and this can be the last one (Come on, yeah) So you better make it pay off or make a nigga scratch a day off (Weezy) Chorus (Imogen Heap): This is what we need, you decided this Whatcha say (x4) Outro (Imogen Heap): ransom notes keep falling out your mouth mid-sweet talk, newspaper word cut outs speak no feeling no I don't believe you you don't care a bit, you don't care a bit ransom notes keep falling out your mouth mid-sweet talk, newspaper word cut outs speak no feeling no I don't believe you you don't care a bit, you don't care a bit you don't care a bit you don't care a bit you don't care a bit you don't care a bit you don't care a bit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Clipse f/ Baby, Lil Wayne, Noreaga Album: Lord Willin' Song: Grindin' (Remix) Typed by: ruffryda088@hotmail.com We back y'all... [Clipse] What's the size of them rims on that car NIGGA? (GRINDIN') Can they see that chain from a far NIGGA? (GRINDIN') Whatcha game be like? (GRINDIN') Whatcha chain be like? (GRINDIN') So whatcha name be like? (GRINDIN') Ma, it don't get more ghetto than this... [Noreaga] See I'm grimmy minded, you've been blinded Lookin for a peep like mine you can't find it (you can't find it) You need the Clipse and NORE, gotta rewind it (*BEEP BEEP*) Nowadays you get on that run and get finded (GRINDIN') You know I got guns, why you actin like my daughters? You know I got sons... (GRINDIN') Naw, we won't speak fam, aimin atcha collar bone Hitcha in ya cheek fam (GRINDIN') [Pusha T] From ghetto to ghetto, to backyard to yard I sell it whip on whip, it's off the hard Stand on that temple nigga, spit that cris nigga Throw that chair, make em recognize this Raw, playa looka here, I'm great in the kitchen like mornin cookware Uncle Jamima, wit my braids wrapped In 3-minute recipes for cookin flap jack Coke price through the roof, SL blew the coupe My niece askin how my rims bigger than a hula-hoop Cuzzo, I make the block holla, take it back to childhood How the scale titer-totter, as I evolve Weight grew heavy, it was kinda like my buddy just fell off the see-saw Bricks in the muffler, mack 11 touch ya Virgina's hustler, I'm here motherfucker... [Clipse] What's the size of them rims on that car NIGGA? (GRINDIN') Can they see that chain from a far NIGGA? (GRINDIN') Whatcha game be like? (GRINDIN') Whatcha chain be like? (GRINDIN') So whatcha name be like? (GRINDIN') Ma, it don't get no ghetto than this... [Baby overlapping Clipse] Ay, ay 22's on new cars BOY BOY, step it up BOY Money... Money... Stunna... Big tymin in a bubble-eye Lex, so fly (so fly, so fly) I cook/cut crack, that's the sizin Them big, big rims on Tarzan, we shinin Me and Wheezy (holla holla) no rims can see me (holla holla) New Benz for teezies (holla holla) Cadallac truck beamin, fo sheezy [Lil Wayne] From hood to hood, which nigga, yard to yard They on your hairo cuz I got that heroin and that raw Check the rims on my car Naw, don't check em, no cuz they stuffed wit blow Macy baby still in the kitchen jet with a lil bit curved on the shit I'm pitchin You need a hit like Mark McGwire, come holla I watch the bass at home, I'm umpire, HOLLA [Clipse] Grin-din, when you know what I keep in a linin (WHOOF...) Niggas better stay in line when (WHOOF...) When you see a nigga like me shinin' (Grind-IN) Grin-din, when you know what I keep in a linin (WHOOF...) Niggas better stay in line, when (WHOOF...) When you see a nigga like me shinin' (Grind-IN) [Malice] 213 South cross the Baybridge wit it Bring the triangle, then mail, come and get it The time in the kitchen, I dare not mention When my cell phone echo, I swear they listenin '89 was my beginnin y'all Young snot-nosed, Cash Yams in a tennis ball Cops swore we was playin catch, NO We was at a stretch, no shorts, beg till you outta breath I ducked the feds, they seein my weight grow Streets love Malice for his comeback gracial If they got popped, we made sure they made bail Cuz if not, we be scared they gon tell Patty cake, that's me, bake the pies Pie wrecked, mixed that, scrape the sides Grindin', glock 9 in a line in Make God strike a nigga dead if he lyin [Clipse] What's the size of them rims on that car NIGGA? (GRINDIN') Can they see that chain from a far NIGGA? (GRINDIN') Whatcha game be like? (GRINDIN') Whatcha chain be like? (GRINDIN') So whatcha name be like? (GRINDIN') Ma, it don't get more ghetto than this... What's the size of them rims on that car NIGGA? (GRINDIN') Can they see that chain from a far NIGGA? (GRINDIN') Whatcha game be like? (GRINDIN') Whatcha chain be like? (GRINDIN') So whatcha name be like? (GRINDIN') Ma, it don't get more ghetto than this... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cormega f/ Lil Wayne Album: Hustler-Rapper Song: Who Can I Trust? Typed by: mike53re@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Cormega] Yo, I write rhymes, for niggas at night time Consider your life mine Whether you pumpin 5 packs or 5 dimes My time I'm livin' it, my persona eminent Real niggas don't keep beef we finish it No retreat, no surrenderin No rockin me to sleep I keep the heat up in my premises A whole different level of rhyme several of my Competitors try comin better than mine Verbally I'm way ahead of my time, Mega Immortalized through words Son I'm livin off the time you served Stay focused, keep a eye open for straight vultures Everybody gotta go, everydays a day closer I'm soakin in my sofa, Reminiscin Tony coked up Life is fucked up, even when you blow up [Chorus: repeat 2X] Lil Wayne: Who can ya trust? Mega: Only a few and my nine will bust Lil Wayne: What do you lust? Mega: The money and the power nigga Lil Wayne: Who you respect? Mega: All my niggas that's no longer with us and all the drug king pins who showed us how ta get up [Cormega] Who's the nicest nigga spittin a trife shit Ghetto drama, Sagas for niggas with enditements, flippin white shit Screamin fuck the feds Squeezing ya heat at police till your cuffed to your hospital bed Thug general, write rhymes for criminals to listen to If you aint real, my shit aint even meant for you My pen stain the paper like blood My mind is like a nine and my rhyme is like a slug Before I snitch like a bitch, I'd rather die like a thug If they arraign me for bangin I throw my sign up at the judge, I'm almighty Defy me, feel the 44 beside me Red light to guide me to your vital point With my heat I anoint you a second from death My only regret, is that I emptied out my whole clip in your soul BIATCH [Cormega] To my thugs, its unconditional love I'm givin you I've been out the motha fuckin system too Hunger pains when I was younger made me ready 2 face Consequences of life the streets fed me Ready rock chop the pumped I bought my high top dunks And crack fiends only a baby nah, hold up The sense of shit I just made up in the rhyme this is the realness In a reflection of a sinner I spit Yo feel this, my name alone had me maintainin a phone On a come through not to mention the banger I hold Aint nothing new why would I front for you I'm a felony offender, you showin your jealousy nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: David Banner f/ Akon, Lil Wayne, Snoop Dogg Album: The Greatest Story Ever Told Song: 9MM Typed by: MXPlanet2000@hotmail.com (*Jail cell closes* Konvict) [Snoop Dogg Talking] Snoop Dogg [Akon] Konvict Music, Akon and David Banner If niggaz wanna ride tonight, best believe we bout to ride tonight yeah [Lil Wayne Shouting] Young Money  Cash Money [Chorus: Akon - 2X] I got a nine millimeter Ready to go off any minute so you feel it Because of the law, I had to conceal it If you fuck around you gone make me reveal it ay [Lil Wayne] Tool on deck  why would I lie? Nigga you a pussy  hope ya got nine lives I can hit a nigga with the nine, nine times Country ass boy  country like LeAnn Rimes Mississippi D-Banner and Lil' Weezyana Errbody got tools so you will need a hammer I'm a pill popping animal  Syrup sippin' nigga I'm so high you couldn't reach me with a fucking antenna You fucking with this man, you can be this man's dinner The nine gimme brains but the AK add liver The rapper is insane flowing like a mad river Make your ass quiver like you naked at winter Hollygrove honcho  hard time giver I'm a shark in the water, you just Long John Silver I got a girl, you wanna meet her? Her name is nine millimeter [Chorus: Akon - 2X] I got a nine millimeter Ready to go off any minute so you feel it Because of the law, I had to conceal it If you fuck around you gone make me reveal it ay [David Banner] If I got nine slugs, nine bullets gone fly If I got a red beam, nine people gone die Nine mamas gone cry, nine spirits in the sky Nine preachers preaching nine sermons, telling nine lies Cause each and every one of ya'll nine niggaz wasn't shit I would have rather kept the nine rugers in the ruger clip The index finger slipped, the nine let nine spit I lick em all like eighteen tits on nine chicks I'ma suicide risk, nine slits on each wrist If I die nine times the next go-arounds a bitch And if I come back, I'll throw 99 shows And shove nine inches of dick in 99 hoes [Chorus: Akon - 2X] I got a nine millimeter Ready to go off any minute so you feel it Because of the law, I had to conceal it If you fuck around you gone make me reveal it ay [Snoop Dogg] I'ma west coast original  black John Wayne Nigga where we from we like to pop that thang (bang) You better stop that man, fat mouth to dogg and I'ma pop-pop-bang Pigs wanna bust me, hoes wanna suck me Niggaz wanna touch me - None of that, trust me I'm too slick, too sly, never snitch, I let it ride I set aside all my feelings when I'm killing like a villain Move quick like a cheetah  I'ma killa I ain't here to lock up  I flash the heater Then lock your whole block up Dip-dop-deeter Banner turn the beat up Illa-fo-reala my nilla dilla never caught You niggaz always acting hard I keep a nine millimeter in my waist and got two more in the car Yeah your all about to get it so quit it Tryin' to conceal, you'll fuck around and make me reveal it So killas kill it [Chorus: Akon - 2X] I got a nine millimeter Ready to go off any minute so you feel it Because of the law, I had to conceal it If you fuck around you gone make me reveal it ay The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: David Banner f/ Lil Wayne Album: The Greatest Story Ever Told Song: Shawty Say Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Lil Wayne] And he cain't do this, and he don't do that, that, that (David David David David Banner Banner) [Chorus 2X: Lil Wayne] Shawty say the nigga that she with ain't shit Shawty say the nigga that she with ain't shit And he cain't do this, and he don't do that And he cain't do this, and he don't do that [David Banner] Shawty say you don't beat it up no mo' You don't come grab her hair and throw that ass on the flo' You don't spend no time, you don't stimulate her mind You don't take her out to eat, and you never treat her kind (kind) Man... and I ain't even touch her But another nigga will come through and gon' fuck her (fuck her) You need to get your mind right Man go and raise your kids, put a man in they life Uhh, or I'ma put it in your wife Man I'm tryin tell you what the broad said last night "He don't stick it, he don't lick it lick it He don't take me out to the movies and buy the likkle tickets" [David Banner] I walked in the spot, gal asked me my name I looked back at her and I said T-Pain I +Bought Her a Drank+, she said she was a +Stripper+ I'm makin movie money like Will so I tipped her Now she grabbin on my zipper, you know what happen next She say you don't listen to her life filled with stress Word to the wise, go and keep it trill You know your old lady, she gon' get it how she lives [David Banner] + (Lil Wayne) Now this is for my ladies lookin good in the club If that nigga ain't shit, girl go and throw it up (And he cain't do this, and he don't do that) There's some niggaz like me waitin for ya in the back Now this is for my ladies lookin good in the club If that nigga ain't shit, girl go and throw it up (And he cain't do this, and he don't do that) There's some niggaz like me waitin for ya in the back [Chorus]  repeat 1.5X [Lil Wayne] Shawty say... {*echoes*} And he cain't do this, and he don't do that, do that, do that... (David Banner Banner Banner) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: David Banner f/ 2 Chainz, Lil Wayne Album: Sex, Drugs & Video Games Song: Yao Ming Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [David Banner] Hello it's Mr. David Banner, yo' bitch beater I suggest that you don't kiss or hug her, and don't eat her I Run DMC's in this bitch in my Adidas I was chosen to expose who you chose as a leader Yes I'm fresh like a rose picked from the garden of Eden I stepped out the Rolls, my game rose like Easter I got a couple bitches that's painted like Mona Lisa I fuck 'em at my leisure and I never touch my visa So ghetto, my kicks so retro Hot nuts like a rhino, call them Mark Ecko You know I ain't braggin, I'm just sayin I know y'all said it too, cause y'all niggaz playin Bitch [Chorus: David Banner] And bitch I'm tall as Yao Ming And bitch I'm tall as Yao Ming Look at my daddy, look at my daddy Look at my daddy, look at my daddy Yao Ming Look at my daddy, look at my daddy Look at my daddy, look at my daddy [2 Chainz] Lets make a toast to the bread winner I am so damn hot on the scale winter Life a beach, I done dance with her All up in the sand with her Try to get up in the bed with her And put my third leg in her Uh, I've been pumpin pussy like gas nigga Got my fo'fo', you'll get eight like math nigga Still use a shoe box for my stash nigga Money so tall you gon need a drug rap with ya Yeah, self esteem high like 26 You can catch me gettin high with like twenty bitches Takin plenty pictures, yeah you know I'm camera ready I'm about to wax that ass, I got my candle ready [Chorus: David Banner] Look at my daddy, look at my daddy Look at my daddy, look at my daddy And bitch I'm tall as Yao Ming Look at my daddy, look at my daddy Look at my daddy, look at my daddy And bitch I'm tall as Yao Ming Look at my daddy, look at my daddy Look at my daddy, look at my daddy Yao Ming Look at my daddy, look at my daddy Look at my daddy, look at my daddy [Lil Wayne] Okay, traffic on Mars, smokin in a spaceship Bright red flag stickin out like fake lips I'm forever young, forever Young Moolah Bitch Cash Money is an army, OOH-RAH Tunechi be what they call me, I'm everything but sorry Get a bad-ass high yellow bitch to come and ride my horse, I named it Charlie No cream in my coffee, don't bleed on my carpet I falls in love with all these hoes But it's money over bitches regardless I'm so high I won't come down, boy my pack be dumb loud Waiting for one of these niggaz to cross the line, like a touchdown I gotchu, I'm Piru, bitch I'm out there by you Blade on the AK, cut your ass like high school David Banner on the beat bitch, dig it like a deep ditch I got the world in my hands, I'm about to make a fist Ha, I stand tall as Yao Ming Blocka pow pow ping, must be New Orleans [Chorus: David Banner] Look at my daddy, look at my daddy Look at my daddy, look at my daddy And bitch I'm tall as Yao Ming Look at my daddy, look at my daddy Look at my daddy, look at my daddy And bitch I'm tall as Yao Ming Look at my daddy, look at my daddy Look at my daddy, look at my daddy Yao Ming Look at my daddy, look at my daddy Look at my daddy, look at my daddy Yao Ming The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Paula DeAnda f/ Lil Wayne Album: Paula DeAnda Song: Easy Typed by: soulprofit@gmail.com [Paula DeAnda] Yeah! [Danja - Intro] Yeah, Paula Danja! [Paula DeAnda - Verse 1] I might be a young girl but I know how to have fun I got them boys try'na make me the one When I'm out shopping its like having a gun Whatever I wanna get, got them boys caught up [Paula DeAnda - Bridge] I know I'm a hot, hot shorty But you gotta slow down You don't know me If you in a hot, hot hurry You gotta go now Back up off me [Paula DeAnda - Chorus] Oh, I got them going crazy you see Uh-ooh, head over heels for me, oh Uh-ooh, weak in the knees for me, boy Uh-ooh, 'cause you so damn easy Cause you so damn easy Cause you so damn easy [Paula DeAnda - Verse 2] Oh, I'm much wiser than you think, better I act like you know Just because I'm a teen it don't mean that I'm slow I think you're a cutie boy, but you're turning me off Sometimes you gotta play hard to get and then it's on [Paula DeAnda - Bridge] I know I'm a hot, hot shorty But you gotta slow down You don't know me If you in a hot, hot hurry You gotta go now Back up off me [Paula DeAnda - Chorus] Oh, I got them going crazy you see Uh-ooh, head over heels for me, oh Uh-ooh, weak in the knees for me, boy Uh-ooh, 'cause you so damn easy Cause you so damn easy Cause you so damn easy [Lil Wayne] One take! Weezy! Baby, tonights the night And them girls all on me like white on rice And I get 'em to the crib, play to on 1 I'm already hot, now its you on one Take a jet in to the sunset, you wan come? Or sit in my Phantom and chew on gum Baby, I can take you to and from Ice up ya little wrist 'til ya blue hand numb Um, you dealin wit a boss lil' mama Young Wayne, Tony Montana And for you I'll tell my homies "I'll holla!" And if ya man ain't me why bother? I go by the name Carter I got more plaques than tartar I'm just checking out the charts on the charter Number one spot, Wayne and Paula [Paula DeAnda - Chorus] (2x) Oh, I got them going crazy you see Uh-ooh, head over heels for me, oh Uh-ooh, weak in the knees for me, boy Uh-ooh, 'cause you so damn easy Cause you so damn easy Cause you so damn easy [Paula DeAnda - Outro] Don't be so damn easy Don't be so damn easy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Destiny's Child f/ Lil Wayne, T.I. Album: Destiny Fulfilled Song: Soldier Typed by: n_cap@hotmai.com * * send corrections to the typist [T.I] (Destinys Child) Hey (I want a Soldier!) The way you got it, I'm the hottest around They'll know it when they see you rollin' impala's around (I got a Soldier!) Wit the top down feeling the sounds Quakin' and vibratin' your thighs ridin' harder than guys Wit the chrome wheels at the bottom, white leather inside When them lames be spittin' at you tell 'em don't even try it To shot it wit Chelle and kick it wit Kelly or holla at B Ya, gotta be g's you way outta your league Please! [Kelly] (Destinys Child) We like dem boys that be in them lac's leanin'(Leanin') Open their mouth their grill gleamin'(Gleamin') Candy paint, keep that whip clean and (Clean and) (They always be talkin that country slang, we like) They keep that beat that be in the back beatin'(Beatin') Eyes be so low from there chief (chief and) I love how he keep my body screamin' (Screamin') A rude boy that's good to me, wit street credibility Hook: [Destinys Child] If his status ain't hood I ain't checkin' for him Betta be street if he lookin' at me I need a soldier That ain't scared to stand up for me Known to carry big things If you know what I mean If his status ain't hood I ain't checkin' for him Betta be street if he looking at me I need a soldier That ain't scared to stand up for me Gotta know to get dough And he betta be street [Beyonce] (Destinys Child) We like dem boys up top from the BK (BK) Know how to flip that money three ways (Three ways) Always ridin' big on the freeway {Freeway} (Wit that east coast slang that us country girls we like) Low cut caesars wit the deep waves (deep waves) So quick to snatch up your Beyonce (Beyonce) Always comin down poppin our way (Our way) (Tellin us that country girls the kinda girl they like) Hook: [Destinys Child] If his status ain't hood I ain't checkin' for him Betta be street if he lookin' at me I need a soldier That ain't scared to stand up for me Known to carry big things If you know what I mean If his status ain't hood I ain't checkin' for him Betta be street if he looking at me I need a soldier That ain't scared to stand up for me Gotta know to get dough And he betta be street Bridge: [Beyonce] (Destinys Child) I know some soldiers in here (Where they at, where they at) They wanna take care of me (Where they at) I know some soldiers in here (Where they at, where they at) Don't mind takin one for me (Where they at) I know some soldiers in here (Where they at, where they at) They wanna spend that on me (Where they at) I know some soldiers in here (Where they at, where they at) Wouldn't mind puttin that on me (Where they at) [Lil Wayne] Hey, see cash money is a army I'm walkin' wit purple hearts on me You talkin' to the sargeant Body marked up like the subway in harlem Call him, weezy f baby, please say the baby If you don't see me on the block I ain't tryna hide I blend in wit the hood, i'm camouflage Bandana tied, so mommy join my troop Now every time she hear my name she so ..umf [Michelle] (Destinys Child) I like dem boys over there they lookin' strong tonight (Strong tonight) Just might give one the phone tonight (Phone tonight) Homey in the dickies in my zone tonight (Zone tonight) He don't know it might be on tonight (On tonight) Ooh he lookin' good and he talkin' right (Talkin' right) He the type that might change my life (Change my life) Everytime he look at me my girls be like (Girls be like) (That one may be the one tonight) Hook: [Destinys Child] If his status ain't hood I ain't checkin' for him Betta be street if he lookin' at me I need a soldier That ain't scared to stand up for me Known to carry big things If you know what I mean If his status ain't hood I ain't checkin' for him Betta be street if he looking at me I need a soldier That ain't scared to stand up for me Gotta know to get dough And he betta be street Bridge: [Beyonce] (Destinys Child) I know some soldiers in here (Where they at, where they at) They wanna take care of me (Where they at) I know some soldiers in here (Where they at, where they at) Wouldn't mind puttin that on me (Where they at) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Devin The Dude f/ Bun B, Lil Wayne, Tony Mack Album: Waitin' To Inhale Song: Lil' Girl Gone Typed by: dcs10251980@yahoo.com [Tony Mack - adlibbing] [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] Okay, I'm talking 'bout a good girl gone bad Crooked world, wrong pad Right mom, wrong dad I sing this song mad, but not mad enough to shoot you But, it just eats me up like some barbeque from Luther's In the morning with the boosters, on the corner with the boosters And she's the fresh-cut, and they're on her like sutures And I wanna talk to her, but her momma has to school her I wanna see her better, she's the weather of my future I don't wanna see another hurricane Baby, you can kill the pain If you just let me explain Trust me, I know what I'm sayin' You will end up on the track of an oncoming train Stuck in the passenger seat, trying do the fast lane Damn! [Chorus 2x's: Devin The Dude] Little girl gone somewhere, out there stranded Can't nobody find her and they don't understand it She was raised good, can't blame her parents Lost in the sauce is not the way they planned it [Verse 2: Bun B] Well, once upon a time there was a mom and a dad Who on the outside had everything people wished they had A beautiful daughter, two-story house, two-car garage And a white picket fence wrapped around the front yard See, daddy was a doctor and mommy was a banker Mommy's job got outsourced, so now mommy's a dranker Daddy had a malpractice suit, now he's a snorter And all this shit is taking place right in front of their daughter She says, "Daddy, what's wrong?" But, he's just too high "Mommy, what we gon' do?" She just get drunk and cry Caught in the middle of two wrongs, tryin' to do right Looking for answers alone, in the darkness of night Shit ain't tight! [Chorus 2x's: Devin The Dude] Little girl gone somewhere, out there stranded Can't nobody find her and they don't understand it She was raised good, can't blame her parents Lost in the sauce is not the way they planned it [Verse 3: Devin The Dude] Couldn't even fold her own clothes yet, she chose to jet Some shit that she will always regret Now she's runnin' from house to house, out and about All hours of the night, learnin' hard lessons of life She called home twice, but she couldn't say Where she was gonna' lay her head the very next day She gave up her body and mind, way before time Got nothin' left to dug out, to get help [Verse 4: Tony Mack] She doesn't know what to do with herself Her family's worried, think she don't even care Don't even care! She's livin' a rough life on a hope and a prayer Where she'll end up in a few years, who knows where Who knows where! [Chorus 2x's: Devin The Dude (Tony Mack)] Little girl gone somewhere, out there stranded Can't nobody find her and they don't understand it (Don't understand it) She was raised good, can't blame her parents (Heyyyyy!!) Lost in the sauce is not the way they planned it [Tony Mack - adlibbing until the end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy-Dirty Money f/ Lil Wayne, Justin Timberlake * Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Shades Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Uhhh~! Before you get here put yo' panties in yo' pocketbook That's what I told her over the Motorola, Hennessy and cola I hold her at attention with my manners And even though I don't roll a camera She still performs like the superstar she truly are So - also I think I love her already Damn - I think I... already She must be the one; I look in her eyes and see the sun Even on rainy days, ain't it crazy mayne? Yeah, that's what I said She do doughnuts in my head Over, and over, and over 'Til the cops pull her over And then she say some real slick shit like "I'm on my way from Weezy baby," cheah And of course they let her go [Diddy] Let me take off my shades [Justin Timberlake] + (Diddy) I know I've got a lot of baggage It's for the ladies and Mercedes Yes and I know that it's heavy but I pray that someone will grab it, for me Yeah, I know I've got a lot of baggage Full of Chanel's and Tiffany's and broken hearts girl You need me baby it's hard to break a habit, for me, yeah And girl if you want (what do you want me to do?) I'll pour a gallon of gasoline on my heart Just to light your cigarette; and girl if you want (I'll do anything for you) I'll do anything for you (I'll even take off my shades) I'll even take off my shades And stare right at the sun from the stage (I'll even try different things) I'll even try different things I'll make love to you on marmalade (never made love on marmalade) I'll even change my name, name, what'cha say? (I'll be what ever you say) I'll be what ever you say I'll even take off my shades I'll make love to you on marmalade (Are you sure that's what you want to do?) If that's what you wannna do [Chorus: repeat 2X] What'chu gonna do? What'chu gonna do when I'm perfect for you, girl watch how it's gon' drive you crazy (What'chu gonna do?) And love's gon' turn you out baby (What'chu gonna do?) Girl watch how it's gon' drive you crazy [Diddy] Got a lot of baggage It's full of shades, different shades, and I'm sharp as a razor That's why I have to brand it - you talkin 'bout me? You talkin' bout me? Listen to me I know I've got a lot of baggage It's full of promises that why I keep a lock on it I promise girl I'm tryin to make it happen, for me, and you babe Now girl if you wanna pour a gallon of gasoline on my heart and light it, if you get lonely If you call me - girl if you want me I'm ready when you are, just tell me you want me [Justin Timberlake] Black, gray, white If I pulled down these shades would it sound too bright? Get it, sound too right? Maybe I'm just feelin myself because "Flashin lights, come from everywhere" And you can feel that somethings blowin in the air tonight Now, if you need that fire I'll be that propane If you need it wet, I can make it pour rain But maybe I won't, heh, maybe you just have to take it Go ahead, pretend I'm a drug, now let me see you shake it I can read your mind, read your mind, Professor X We can press rewind, press rewind, VHS Speakin of the past, it's so futuristic behind ya Let me fill up your plate and dish it out, dish it out, china I'ma bend yo' body, bend yo' body, Magneto Let me have my way, I'ma have my way, Carlito Now we can put in work, let me get my busy on for you You ain't never heard you talk like this I got my Drizzy on for you * Bilal and James Fauntleroy are alleged to be on this song  If you know which parts belong to them send an e-mail to OHHLA The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy-Dirty Money f/ Lil Wayne Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Strobe Lights Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Love is the party, my heart is such a disco ball She's in line waitin - my guest list too long I told her I would love her, love her as forever Forever's just a word, I put words together Steppin on the stars, she pause And I know that one day this show will end - applause The strobe lights are dancin, we've taken all the chances She question what we are, and I'll drink to the answer Cause my heart is out of service, my eyes turn black I don't see love anymore I'm blind to the fact I got my +World+ in my pocket, cause I ain't tryin to +Drop+ it The sky is at my neck, so I turn up my collar My world spin around her, cause it's a whirl without her Ohhh [Interlude] When you know, like I know (yeah) Then the sunlight falls down (what) there she goes Strobe lights dance with the stars And I just can't live without her (yeah) And she know, what she knows (heh) And the rain is comin down My heart is closed, I know she knows Strobe lights dance with the stars And I always take my time [Chorus: Diddy] And when the lights, fade The lights they turn, gray Bitch you don't love me no more I'm at the end babe Goin the wrong way And I don't know where to go I'm on a new wave Tomorrow's too late Bitch you don't love me more You got me... (yeah) Standin on the verge [Lil Wayne] HAH! Love create wars, I got wounds and scrs The strobe lights are dancin, dancin with the stars But what happened to ours? What happened because the rain is comin down, now we trapped in the storm And I step right out of her spotlight, and into the strobe lights HAH! ... I don't need your light [Dirty Money] I know, I know, I know, that you're no good I know, I know, I know, that you'll make me come back for more, come back for more Everytime I try, I can't get away I know, I know, I know - I know the love is gone tomorrow I know, I know, I know - and the lights they fade away Your lies, your lies You keep beggin me, beggin me please don't go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hot Boys, Big Tymers Album: DJ Clue Presents: Backstage - Mixtape Song: Millionaire Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, FLoSsYiCeDHoTbOY@aol.com [Juvenile] Damn I got platinum on both of my wrists and my pinky and my album went platinum too Man you know I'm a stunt' All these other rappers, look.. *NEW CASH MONEYYYYYYY* I'm sick of it, niggaz illliterate and I need me seven zeroes or somethin legitament I done shot at niggaz, and I been shot at I done had a whole lotta old folks tellin me stop that I'm sorry but them Lexus trucks, I gotta cop that Would be even mo' sweeter, if I could drop that You see all of them Crystal bottles, I pop that and I'm bout to go and find me a new mall to shop at [B.G.] I'm out the heart of the hood Niggaz like to bust heads and look good  Ride on 20's with TV's leather interior and wood Rolexes, at least 10 G's on a necklace Pullin up at the club in two Caddy truck stretches My click boss nigga, try to follow us get lost nigga We'll buy a whole block no matter the cost nigga My money long, my dick long, I'm off the chain B.G. got it goin on respect the game Chorus: B.G. (repeat 2X) Me and my dogs we ball, just like we live we love Get in our path of money and your head get bust [Baby] Nigga I live like an old man, but I'ma young man with bout three million dollar worth of cars in my name Went to East ?? bought the whole block man Got these white folks fucked up by the mouth man E'ry type 2000, me and Juvie got 'em V8 350 Camaro, Fresh got 'em Bought a million dolla Rolex, a nigga doubtin Cartier watch for three-hundred and fifty thousand A hundered-thousand dollar grill and a nigga smilin Matchin platinum ink pens for four thousand Bought a hundred-thousand Benz and I'm buckwild with it Changin everything from the in and the out in it [Mannie Fresh] How you figure you the nigga, to shut it down? What you mad convertible Jag cause I let it down? You know who I am, God damn You ain't skinniess on yo' 20's; then look here nigga scram Now what in the wide wide world of ballin is that? Some shit that come out in 2010, you lil' chrome stuck bitch Who made that car? I never seen that on the streets We were in the Vibe magazine, Baby got thirty-two gold teeth Chorus [Lil' Wayne] Now, now, now, now I'ma stun'na, reppa, ride around in different hummers with a dozen, heffers, fifty-thousand dollar Roley with a crusted, bezel, niggaz can't compete with us We on another, level, watch us scratch off in the Viper with the windows, tinted, automatic start with VCR's and TV's, in it, I always go out my pocket Never penny, pinchin, that's why I'm dippin my Expedition with plenty, women, and they wit it, wit it Not to mention, bout my Ninja, with the extension What about my condominum wit yo wife in the kitchen See I gets lots of attention I'm the youngest, Tymer Plus I step into the light wit them humongous, diamonds See everybody know I'm Lil' Wayne soilder Pull up in the 4 dot 6 Range Rover Baby had me drinkin think I got a hangover Weezy Weez nigga, Hot Boys, game over Chorus 2X [Outro] Nigga, it's Cash Money Millionaires Fuck with us nigga, your head get bust We step in the light, and it and it just be bling bling, bling, bling bling What? My nigga B.Geezy What? My nigga, B.eatrice Huh, my nigga Mannie Fresh, what? My nigga Lil' Weezy, alright then, uh-huh My nigga Ju-vey, that motherfuckin Hot Boy Nigga, Cash Money takin over this bitch and we ain't lettin go yet.. {*unintelligible over DJ Clue and beat here on out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Drama f/ Lil Wayne, Shanell, Lil Twist & Tyga Album: Dedication 3 Song: My Weezy Typed by: breakinanklesworldwide@hotmail.com [DJ Drama] Young Money all stars on the way Put the party in the bag now hand it over [Lil Wayne] Wait a minute Wait a minute Wait a minute See I ain't know you were gunna do this one Ight, Now you motherfuckers happy huh? That's what y'all you been wantin' huh? Okay, Okay Go ahead Drama [DJ Drama] See I don't wanna be the Mixtape king no more More like the Mixtape President Barack O'Drama! It was definitely time for change I mean the game been dry So, I figured we going for re-election So, Me and Wayne gon' keep runnin' So y'all niggas can fly [Lil Wayne] This a Big E beat And i'm a cook this bitch like piggy meat Yeah...hehe You can get pork chopped Young money bitch let the champagne cork pop I will bat your man, now go tell her short stop Okay bitch you do the wop While bitch I do the gwop Okay man you do the drop Well man I do the yacht You pull up in parking lots I pull up at the dock like yeah... Macaroni, greens and hamhocks I am not on your planet like Dr. Spock Rock... To my own tune, lil tune My stomach hurt and my shit is droppin real soon Kill whom and whoever for whatever That barrel longer than a word with 10 letters Now you spell it I say young money bitch forever And we better than all these mutha fuckas up in this era Know'm talkin bout? Yeah.. I tell my niggas pick the target out And then I quickly pick the target off Like volleyball, I'm a serve em And being fake is pussy so nigga, I'm a virgin Dr. Carter, Tell them bitches I'm a surgeon Cleaner than some brand new detergent Ya heard me? And I make ya bitch get on the plane with that Fergie Tell em get on (Birdman Jr.'s Birdy) [Shanell] I love the skin that I'm in Goose pimples couldn't shake me up out of the Y.M That Yack, That Goose, That Tron, That Gin Got a couple girls crackin' Let the party begin I heard you call your self a baller when the cameras on If it ain't trickin' cuz you got it What you trippin' on? See, I'm a spoiled chick You frontin' niggas hatin' me up with But my crew holdin' duffle bags bitches [Lil Twist] Rockin on the scene And yeah I hear "My Dougie" I D-Town boogy Now the girls really love me V.I.C. to Vic Yeah, They both got silly Lil Twist, I get silly I'm the king of the city Young Money, Young Mullah Yeah, The kid in this thang Grown men in this game Can't compete with me mayne Especially When I pull up in that candy range (24's on that thang sittin' next to Lil Wayne) I'm a beast I'm a dog Yeah, Yeah I rap harder Mic in my hand I run like Marion Barber You haters on the sidelines And I be a starter Going Bad on you kids like I'm Reginae Carter That's my little sister if you boys didn't know (Wait) That's Weezy's daughter (So don't mess with her bro!) Cuz we'll come find you in all kinds of cars Signin' out Young Money, D-town's All Star [Tyga] Its Tyga No lion I'm eating No Diner This species Don't diet Every milla fish Friday I'm Squad deep Like them white guy from Verizon Gator righteous So its only right you meet the fugitive John Mcgiver Teenager School cyhphers I was too nicer Than them no liscence, You gets no high-fivin' Nigga, Roll the damn dices Touch My word play, 2 shades from the color gray My kick game so unreal They say them colors must be fake Never been made MTV, I make Quake your very eyesight My fame's no mistake Since the deal Steak dinner everyday For the movie My life is like a Compton Play You can see it Nearly breathe it From a couple feet away But stay away Cuz I don't Get along With them tag-along Let me Get on a song Period gone I'm off the hook like cordless phones My identity so right They think its wrong G.E.D. Young Money Finish strong, so I'm a keep goin' My ligaments covered in green like general symbols on my face Like my skin was leather made Leatherman Louis You ain't never seen Like a nun booty None before me After Its only boys Tyga man I do it for the hatin' homies [DJ Drama] Shout to Hollygrove Shout to the A-town 304 wassup! Shout to Harlem Philly wassup! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Drama f/ Drake, Lil Wayne Album: Dedication 3 Song: Stuntin' Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Drake] I'm a rapper turned singer, and you can tell that he smoke But I don't need my vocal chords; all I hit is C notes N.E.R.D. flow, I spaz if I'm prevoked I'm about to change the fucking game, pass the remote Money is everything and it's every other thing I'm part of the quietest, the model that my brother sing Cash is the right now, women are post game MoneyOverBitches.com, check the domain It's coming too soon, album on the way People ask me if I pray, I say, "Yeah, once in a blue moon" Oops I mean a red moon; I did it again to em Let me leave a space in for your blood affiliation I say, heavy metaphors, flow so over weight I could wrap around these other youngins like a cobra snake Cross bite, drizzy-nigga, nobody as cold as drake Keep your ass inline; don't be trying to roller skate Fuck all the discrete shit; I get on some deep shit I am 21, tell me who do I compete with I'm on my elite shit; you could tell I'm real Cause I'm getting hood loving, I ain't even talking street shit Young angel, young lion, I'm done trying I'm just doing, who's drinking, cause I'm buying It's on me, everything is on me And my girl is still down like she's fucking John B. And when I go dumb, I tend to do dumb shit I just listen back and I've sounded like a trumpet This for all the strippers cause I know that they gone bump it Tell her back it up and dump it, back it, back it up and dump it Ain't no pistols here, your money will disappear My accountant will feed his family off my fiscal year Tax brackets and back and forth faxes My money come in full circle, get up on my axis Maybe I'm a kill 'em, only cause I promised They think I'm being cocky, but I'm only being honest I'm swallowing the goose, got a model getting loose And I never party less; I got some bottles and a booth I just walk up on the scene, I'm about to take this I'm just having patience, cause I wanted to make sense White cup, orange pot, Tennessee State shit Drop a fo' in it and appreciate the greatness, Drizzy [Lil Wayne] Yeah P-p pass the dro I am such a beast and you can ask them hoes And they might even say you should leave me alone And I don't mean scaaaaag, cause his bitch like me Stunting is a habit, get it from my daddy Just like shaggy, I tote that bone-bastic I'm a rude bastard, I don't give a fuck bout you I ain't talking moths, but you pluck my balls And yes I'm falling, but up I've fallen If your bitch in heat, she could fuck my dog I went from penny pinching to private planes Never sat on any benches, I got in games Starter-Carter, Ball-Harder Ten girls, pent house suite; ya'll order Whatever ya'll please: wine, crackers, and cheese They take off their clothes and put on my T's The supplement I've taken got me feeling mighty My gun and money don't split, call that shit Siamese Yeahyes my watch make the fricken time freeze Your girl bless me, she suck my dick and I sneeze Cheap ass apartment, just the kitchen I need And 18 g's is why the chicken crossed the street Whatcha know bout it, my niggas so bout it If you kill everybody, they can't go to court about it, Weezy I ignore the liars baby, I ignite the fire I am like a Michael Myers; leave your body in the dryer Got the shotty on the side of me, my bad boys follow me I'm a bad boy obviously, popping at your ivy leave I don't have a robbery, if so you'll have a casueulty Oops I meant a casualty, oops I meant catastrophe Oops I meant actually, you niggas is just ass to me And big wet pussy is more like what I'm rathering Welcome to the gathering, welcome to the barying Or I hang you on the wall like a art gallery You got shark salary and I got long money I got cash money, I got young money, BITCH The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Future, Lil Wayne, T.I. Album: Kiss the Ring Song: Bitches & Bottles (Let's Get it Started) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ FLash [Intro] Turn it up... turn it up!! (DJ KHALED) [Chorus: Future] Let's get it started, let's go dumb and retarded Let's get high as we wanna, let's go and burn up a forest Better load up the cartridge, get the car it's inside it Let's put some ice on your watches and designer on your body Let's order bitches and bottles, bitches and bottles Bitches and bottles, let's order bitches and bottles Bitches and bottles, bitches and bottles Bitches and bottles, let's get it started [T.I.] I'm turned up 'til my knob broke, say turn down I say nah ho3 My neck +Rocky+ like +Balboa+, my watch official, it's uncalled for In the same regions on all floors, I got six sluts on all fours They french kiss and say bonjour, I got my own shine but I won't show I'm stupid rich, got stupid bitches, who stupid thick in Louboutin Don't like me? Fuck you again, wanna fight me? Well come do it then Right hand to God on everything I see the hearts of men and they very lame I won't entertain no punk shit, they talk shit and I run shit Boy you tryin to get what I been here, headed down for like 10 years I'm gettin it in 'til it's unreal, let's say one album, like ten mill' Plus my swag is stupid low IQ (gone) hurt nigga feelin I don't try to But when you ballin like I do, you know something nigga don't like you [Lil Wayne] It's Tunechi, you bitch you, I like sticky weed and sticky pussy Sittin on like a hundred mill', I treat that shit like whoopie cushion Ballin on them fuck niggaz, they on the bench I benchpress 'em They hatin from the sidelines, they pissed off, piss test 'em Man I'm on that lean, liquor for them bitches Who's fuckin with me? all I hear is crickets I got stank up in my Swisher, my bitch pussy smell like roses She on that Molly, I'm on that Mary, I'm on that +Mary+ like +Joseph+ Man I'm married to this shit, you can call it Shit Carter Dick stay up, like it got insomnia All them niggaz hatin, fuck ya in your pussy The best things in life are free, free my nigga Boosie Gone [Interlude] Ayy (let's order bitches and bottles) DJ KHALED! (Let's order bitches and bottles) (Let's order up another model) (Let's order up another model) [Outro: DJ Khaled] I make hits, I find hits and I put hits out It's We the Best, it's Y.M.C.M.B. Lil Wayne, T.I., Future DJ Khaled, fuck boys suck a dick Bow down, +Kiss the Ring+ Shit real over here Bitch I'm the biggest mogul in the game Salute {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:DJ Khaled f/ Young Jeezy, Juelz Santana, Lil Wayne, Fat Joe, Rick Ross & Dre Album:We the Best Song:Brown Paper Bag Typed by:numeros_uno1@hotmail.com [Intro] DJ Khaled! We the best! Nigga, we the best, man! Listen! [Chorus - Young Jeezy] (Dre) Just got a hundred of that brown paper bag money You niggas really wanna talk money? Shit real, that's all I can tell 'em Just wrap 'em up good so the dogs can't smell 'em (Brown Paper Bag)They call for that (Brown Paper Bag) [Verse 1 - Young Jeezy] Thank God for those days, thank God for those nights Though it might seem wrong, thank God for that white They used to call me the Pyrex kid A.K.A. Young Arm & Hammer In the kitchen with the pots, yeah I work the glass Hard on 'em, pimp, yeah I work 'em tass And when they came in, we unpacked 'em all Broke 'em all down and unwrapped 'em all Just two words nigga, duffle bag Just know it so well, can't help but brag Gold mouth for 10, mail man got 3 It's just yo' luck the rap game got me, hold up [Verse 2 - Juelz Santana] Here we go again Just spent a hundred of that brown paper bag money, all on timbs And the bad bitches all on him Cause the cars that he drive are all foreign The game is mine, I'm so far in I'm speaking with an accent who just caught twin Can't even relax in my room That brown paper bag money push my matress through the roof This for my niggas getting brown paper bag money This for my strippers getting black plastic bag money We talkin' 'bout that bad money That IRS, K Tax money, ya dig me? [Chorus - Rick Ross] (Dre) Just made a hundred of that brown paper bag money I thank God for the mill he prepared for me Take care my fam and my little dog, money Thank god for that brown paper bag, that (Brown Paper Bag) Thank God for that (Brown Paper Bag, Brown Paper Bag) Thank God for that (Brown Paper Bag) [Verse 3 - Rick Ross] Just pulled over in my CM 5 Big bottle on the dash, hope he let me slide Got 20 in the trunk, you can bet me five 20 minutes and they dump, I'ma let these fly We the best! Look at what we drive Got pic-nic tables on my lap, gettin' high In the back of the Maybach, and it cost five Hundred thou on a nigga, spent that with a smile Stackin' numbers at alarmin' rates White house, still move brick of law in a day I'm that Bin Laden boy, I'll bomb ya state I ain't come to stay, I got a postbar and a date Two leaving in a bag, ain't one to brag You don't know the feelin' when the villain peelin' in a Jag Just starin' at the ceilin', ten woman at your pad I was at the center, now I see villain just in fact, I'm a Boss [Chorus - Lil Wayne] (Dre) Just spent a hundred of that brown paper bag money It feels good to be Young Money, Cash Money Rehab, I'm addicted to fast money I got stacks of rubber bands up in that (Brown Paper Bag) Ya dig? (Brown Paper Bag, Brown Paper Bag) (Brown Paper Bag) [Verse 4 - Lil Wayne] Practice makes perfect, I'm relaxing at rehearsal I'm a mothafuckin professional, like Hershel Walker, the talk of the game, is I But I wonder will they still be talkin' after I die But that's not important, money's more important Understand I been in that water like I was snorklin' Understand I been in that water like I'm a dolphin Miami, Khaled took me in like an orphan Why did they start him, now they can't park him I go into the booth and just change like Clark Kent Lamborghini dark tint, philly bustin Carson I'm by myself to niggas running mouths like auctions T Streets my brotha, V V's my brotha And we stay on point like a fuckin box cutter Ya heard what I say, muhfucka did I studder With my brown paper bag here to represent the hustle, I'm out [Chorus - Fat Joe] (Dre) Coka baby, man you know I already had money Definition of that brown paper bag money Try front and I'll zip you in a bag, money For tha cash, I'll blast anybody, that (Brown Paper Bag) That, That, That, That (Brown Paper Bag) Thank God for that (Brown Paper Bag, Brown Paper Bag) [Verse 5 - Fat Joe] (Dre) Ya'll niggas want coka music Lacostra Nostra flow, show ya how to do this Pin it so easy, a cavenigga do it Nigga, we simply the best, don't confuse it I confuse it, critics be hatin' Best album yet, don't give me the same ratin' I'm waitin top of rap rushmore Edge of stone, right beside (?) Unsure, anythings possible 4 mill spent, bought out the art (?) I'm Picasso, in a Versace suit Don't worry my nigga, Khaled I got you Not just cause I want to, cause I got to Put the squad on your back, the impossible It's only logical to spit it from the heart Brown Paper bag, who else but Joey got that (Brown Paper Bag, Brown paper Bag) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Cool & Dre, Fat Joe, Lil Wayne, Paul Wall, Pitbull, Rick Ross Album: Listen Song: Holla at Me Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com [Cool & Dre] This is...This is This is...AND HE GOES BY THE NAME OF [Lil Wayne] Yeah you got the right one, It's Weezy fuckin baby And if your woman lookin, I'll let the woman taste me Okay now I'm with Khaled, we whylin in Miami We got a bunch of bitches, we pile 'em in the phantom They follow us to Mansion but I don't mean the club I'm talking bout my crib, mama I'm trying to fuck It's Cash Money Baby, It's Young Money Biatch Now you can swallow that or you can suck a dick Okay, tell me shit, Lil Wayne fuck a bitch Lil' nigga, big money, big gun for lil' shit Nigga I ain't Will Smith, nah, I ain't a Fresh Prince Nigga I'm a young king, nigga I'm a Bun B Yup, I go hard, ask my broad Miss Stevie Wonder, she ain't lookin at y'all (She can't see) The rest goes without me having to say I say, go, go, go, go (DJ) [Chorus: Paul Wall] Holla at me, what it do, what it is You ain't never seen a playa like this (Holla at me baby) I'm a pimp, I'll show her how I live Take her back then I put it in her wrist (Holla at me baby) I'm a monster, I do it real big You ain't never seen rocks like this (Holla at me baby) You can see me from a far I'm the shit Scream at me what it do, what it is (What It Do) [Paul Wall] It's Paul Wall baby, Swishahouse club rocker Chunk a deuce, sip a deuce, pourin up the goose vodka Lone star beast straight up out the H Sure stoppin all the hate, sippin on the ski taste I got the I-N-S on my tail, immigration still harass Cause they see me in a foreign ridin on imported glass Gettin cash is my number one task Until I'm under the grass, that's why I'm top of the class I'm a grit boy lookin for an ass like Ketoya Leave a bitch back all nutty like Almond Joy My boy Toy I E got to sleep And we got to see and who got the freaks? Beat it up like an ass whipping The album dropped and there's been a lot of ass kissing But I ain't trippin, I'm trill That's why I'm posted with Khaled cause he the real One hundred baby like the bill, holla at me baby [Fat Joe] Nah homie, you done got it fucked up You ain't got as much money as us (Nope) We sent Campbell in cause he got goggles on And he pushin somethin foreign as fuck Now all I gotta do is push a little button quick fast And the chopper come out of the stash Yeah money ain't jewels motherfucker you lose I'll make you do the fuckin Sean Comb dance (Follow me now) Who wanna come test the king Have your baby mama bless the team Shit, I ain't even know she could twerk it like that She a motherfuckin sex machine, Holla at me baby [Rick Ross] Stuntin in a magnum ridin with my hat low Forty-five magnum, barrel full of air holes Dade County, represent, Dopeboy ever since Know that I'ma veteran, million dollar residence Rick Ross, big chips, AK's, flip clips Offset rims on a rear six inch lips Started on the benches, rose through the trenches Now I'm the shit bitch, go and check your senses Known for the benz's, Chrome on the bentleys Smokin on the mentleys, Dade county, big cheese Flip soft, whip that, Rick Ross rip that Khaled go hard dawg, talk to 'em Paul Wall [Pitbull] Aiyyo It's Mr. 3-0-5 A.K.A. Mr. Snort yay, spit rocks, made in Dade I owe my future to Last name Campbell, first name Luther The "gun"-shine state where they'll shoot ya The bottom, the crib, what they do, what it is Bust a clip, flip a brick, hey buddy where's the lick? That's all we talk about, well welcome to the south We in, get our bread then we out, no doubt Palas and Caprices These boys dirty, they'll fuck your mother, sister, daughter and nieces Ahora loca mueva la carera, abre la boca y muere la marera The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Drake, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross Album: We the Best Forever Song: I'm On One Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Drake] (Rick Ross) {DJ Khaled} (I get 'em onnnn) I'm on one (I get 'em onnnn) Fuck it, I'm on one (I get 'em onnnn) I said I'm on one {DJ KHALED!} [Drake] Uhh.... {*sings*} I'm gettin so throoowed I ain't work this hard since I was eighteen Apologize if I saaaay -- anything I dont mean Like what's up with yo' best friend? We could all have some fuuun, believe me And what's up with these new niggas? And why they think it all coooomes so easy? {*raps*} But get it while you here, boy 'cause all that hype don't feel the same next year, boy Yeah, and I'll be right here in my spot  wit a lil' more cash than I already got, trippin off you cause you had your shot With my skin tanned and my hair long and my fans who been so patient  Me and 40 back to work, but we still smell like a vacation Hate the rumors, hate the bullshit, hate these fuckin allegations  I'm just feelin like the throne is for the takin -- watch me take it [Chorus: Drake] All I care about is money and the city that I'm from I'ma sip until I feel it, I'ma smoke it 'til it's done I don't really give a fuck and my excuse is that I'm young And I'm only gettin older, somebody shoulda told ya I'm on one...  Yeah, fuck it, I'm on one... Yeah, I said, "I'm on one"... Fuck it, I'm on one... Two white cups and I got that drank  Could be purple, it could be pink Dependin on how you mix that shit Money that we got, and I'ma get that shit 'Cause I'm on one... I said, "Fuck it, I'm on one" [Rick Ross] RUH~! Im burnin purple flowers, it's burnin my chest (RUH!)  I bury the most cash and burnin the rest (Stuntin)  Walkin on the clouds, suspended in thin air (Yeah)  The ones beneath me recognise the red bottoms I wear (Chyeah)  Burner in the belt, move the kids to the hills (BOSS) Bend shawty on the sink, do it for the thrill (WHOO!) Kiss you on ya neck and tell you everything is great (Ross) Even though I'm out on bond and might be facin 8s' Still runnin with the same niggaz 'til the death of me Ever seen a million cash, gotta count it carefully (Haha!) Ever made love to the woman of your dreams (WHOO!) in a room full of money (WHOO!) out in London and she screams (WHOOOO!) UH! Baby, I could take it there Call Marc Jacobs personally to make a pair So yeah, we on one, the feeling ain't fair (Khaled) And it's double M-G until I get the chair - chyeah! Ruh! [Lil Wayne] {*lights lighter, inhales smoke*} I walk around the club -- fuck ev'rybody and all my niggaz got that +Heat+, I feel like Pat Riley Yeah, too much money ain't enough money You know the feds listenin, nigga what money? I'm a made/maid nigga, I should dust something You niggaz on the bench, like the bus comin Heh, aint nothing +Sweet+ but the +Swishas+ I'm focused, might as well say cheese for the pictures Ohhh~! Im about to go, Andre the Giant You a sell-out, but I ain't buyin Chopper dissect a nigga like science Put an end to your world like the Mayans This a celebration bitches -- Mazel Tov It's a slim chance I fall -- Olive Oyl Tunechi be the name, don't ask me how I got it I'm killin these hoes I swear I'm tryna stop the violence [Lil Wayne overlaps during chorus] Young Moula, baby! YMCMB Uh-huh! Haha! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled, T-Pain, Young Jeezy, Ludacris, Busta Rhymes, Big Boi, Lil Wayne, Fat Joe, Birdman, and Rick Ross Album: I'm So Hood (Remix) single/iTunes Song: I'm So Hood (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [DJ Khaled]  DJ Khaled, we the best!  Who? We nigga, we the best!  This the remix! The "I'm So Hood" remix! I'm makin mo', fees I'M SO HOOD, REMIXXX!! [Chorus: T-Pain]  I'm so HOOD! Yeah, I wear my pants below my waist  And I never dance when I'm in this place  Cause you and yo' man is plannin to hate  I'm so HOOD! And I got these golds up in my mouth  If you get closer to my house  Then you'll know what I'm talkin 'bout  I'm out the HOOD! And if you feel me put your hands up  HOO-OOD! My hood niggaz can you stand up  I'm so HOOD! If you not from here you can walk it out  And you not hood if you don't know what I'm talkin 'bout  (I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm - SO, HOOD!)  [DJ Khaled overlapping chorus] We always gon' be the best We run this, man! I make, hit records man! This is what I do! This the REMIX!! Put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up I gave you "We Takin' Over" (Yo Khaled) Yo, Jeezy (I got 'em, homie) You got me? WE RUN THIS, MAN, WE RUN THIS!! [Young Jeezy] I'm so H to the double-O D Walk around there's GOD-damn money on me  Pockets so fat it don't make no sense (nope) Whips so clean, don't need no tints (nah!) Watch so bright, don't need no light You know where it were, I don't need no mic Niggaz like, "Young what you get for your show?" Tell 'em, "Same thing I used to get for the blow" Set 'em on the raw, nigga what I got to lose? (lose) Put 'em in the +Vans+, I ain't talkin bout the shoes (shoes) Do the speed limit, gotta watch out for the lights Pussy ass niggaz gotta watch out for the dykes Seventeen five, yeah nigga I said it! Seventeen five, yeah nigga I meant it! And when we do it bad, but Im doin good I'm so, I'm so, I'm so muh'fuckin (HOOD!) [Ludacris] I'm my hoodLUDA! Everybody come equipped wit bangers (BLAOW!), throwin up our middle fangers (WHAT)  And you know I don't slip, so I gotta keep ten in the clip and one in the chambers Better be walkin with angels, and never take candy from strangers Through the stress and strife, had to earn my stripes like I played with the Bengals! (WOO!!) I'm in the zone homes, goin for the two point conversion +I'm So Hood+ that Ludacris shoulda been on the original version (yep!) But this is the remix, with the cheap tricks, hittin sweet licks And I cut the braids off but the waves and the fade'll make you sea-sick! (OH!!) And this is the way that we ball, (HEY!) and this is the way that we brawl So put a fist in the air if you care that united we stand and divided we fall (HEY!!) When the South's in the house, better watch yo mouth Cuz we on that hood shit, I'm hood rich Comin around yo' hood, BITCH! I swear I'm so [Chorus 2 - T-Pain] HOOD! (REMIXXX!) And if you feel me put your hands up  HOO-OOD! My hood niggaz can you stand up  I'm so HOOD! If you not from here you can walk it out  And you not hood if you don't know what I'm talkin 'bout  (I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm - SO, HOOD!)  [Busta Rhymes overlapping chorus] Khaled, they actin like we aint the kings of the streets and the gods of the hoods BUSSA-BUS, BITCHES!! [Busta Rhymes] See all I know is how to go and get my money g-'gan and again Top down let the money blow in the wind wit a bad bitch sittin in the passengers seat wit a doobie-wrapped head full of bobbie pins You know I keep that thang when I walk See the dialect different from the slang in my talk Baby still leavin, got a crackhead frontin Got another bad bitch thats boost for the spark (HOOD!) I'm used to leavin the strip last Hustlin until the sun, comes up getting cash So much bread in all of my fall pocket It looks like a nigga got tits wit a ass! And from the DNA in my blood niggaz idolize me and try to do what I does And if that other nigga aint really from the hood You can easily die, take who that fake nigga was (HOOD!) And even though I spit a little rap Got niggaz in the hood try to sell the most crack Violator, I send a nigga to do it just to make you spend a lot of money just to get your shit BACK! Y'all niggaz know where I'm from And I rep it to the fullest til the day that I'm done So hood where we live if a nigga sold drugs and he rich Momma still PROUD OF HER SON! [Big Boi] Yeah, yeah.. Daddy Fat Sacks, so hood like a Cadillac Ornament on front of Avalanche Call an ambulance, to come and pick that ass up cause the nigga never had the chance They try to dance with the devil in a pale moonlight Advance on a level that they cant do right Lay hands on a fella like a man in blue lights (WOOP WOOP!).Do it twice! Big Boi, the B-I-G I'm nicer than MC on your top three You cock-y, I cock squeeze Bust them thangs, now you slop-py Speed it up, slow it down, then Screw it Dont bite the flow, I got that fluid Run through the crew on some whole other new shit Newness bitch, we do this! [Chorus 2] [Lil Wayne] AlrightWEEZY I'm so Hollygrove, New Orleans, (LIL'WEEZYANA!) Home sweet, Home De-pot, you will need a hammer It go, down like Frasier, I ain't talkin Kelsey Grammer I be, shittin on ya boys I need an Alka-Seltzer sammich, uh!  Since I heard Plies, I done bought the Phantom back Went and got me a fifty-two, inch, Maybach (Deltathe Ghetto Kappa, ha ha!) I'm eatin like a big dog, I'm so full I'm so good, I'm so straight, you so fake I'm so real, I'm so hood [Fat Joe] Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack (I'M SO HOOD!) Yeah nigga, welcome to the Crackhouse I should own a McDonald's the way I bring the Macs out I'm from the hood where, every nigga lies Flip a couple grams, they tell you they bakin pies, shit! Still got my name carved in that Central Booking Gave that pussy a scar and told her 'good lookin' Youse a crack baby, (CRACK!) that means your momma paid me You can't even blame me, that's what the hood made me [Birdman] Martin Luther King (MLK) Calliope, Magnolia, Melphamine Gettin that money with the triple beam See ride of ?Clyde? your Josephine Saints is my team thats what we breathe nigga Thats how we eat, get this money on the streets nigga VL my street, blood, five star G, blood  Fly as a bird, got these Eagles on my seat, blood Then hit back where I stay, Third Ward we get that cake Thirteen is where I lay, shots out to MIA (Waddup Khaled?) [Rick Ross] Mo' Money, Mo' Problems, don't call me conceited (nope) Just call me the boss, always got what you needed MIA oh so hot, but my neck got the fever If you sneeze you get shot, gun play makin believers I just bought me a ranch, watch the hundreds stack No those aint Rolex diamonds, (NO!!) WHAT YOU DONE TO THAT?? You fools fugazi, my fools from Haiti I moves 'em daily, IT'S A MOVIE, BABY!! HOOD!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Drake, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross Album: Suffering From Success Song: No New Friends * Typed by: AZ Lyrics * first single [Chorus: Drake] Stay down with my day one niggaz, and we in the club screaming No new friends, no new friends, no new friends Still here with my day one niggaz, so you hear me say No new friends, no new friends, no new friends I still ride with my day one niggaz, I don't really need No new friends, no new friends, no new friends I stay down from day one I say fuck all y'all niggaz Except my niggaz fuck y'all niggaz Except my Niggaz one more time Fuck y'all niggaz Except my niggaz Stay down from one day [Verse 1: Drake] Man this shit so ill that we had to restart it H-town my second home like I'm James Harden Money counter go brrr when you selling out the garden Four car garage, pornstar minaj Birdman go brrr cause he know this shit retarded Fuck her on the floor before we make it to the bed Switch your ass really comes started from the bottom, yes lord OVO sound man I'm proud of my niggaz, Knew we would make it never doubted my niggaz All my bitches love me If I had a baby mama she would probably be richer then a lot of you niggaz That's luxury dawg, day one niggaz you're stuck with me dawg Ever since Youtube niggaz been calling me the leader of the new school Fuck with me dawg, yeah [Verse 2: Rick Ross] Your bitch all in my photographs, ho niggaz got hate for me Big homies all certified, nothing niggaz gon' take from me Follow codes, study game, feed fam nigga fuck fame All black my whip foreign, these bad hoes keep tiptoeing Down in turks and caicos, dope boy that's my dress code All I hug is blood nigga, Khaled that's my flesh though All I want is love nigga, money bring that stress though Smoke good I love life, strip club like every night Every night my same niggaz day one straight menace [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] I'm here with my niggaz, I'm too hot to be friendly They throw dirt on my name, well that's why they still dig me And I'm tired of all this hating, I thank God for my patience I thank God for my homies I wish we could trade places Bitch we good fellas, boy all them niggaz with you they just Paul bearers and if we ball catch us Remember sip slow, live fast Young Money stay young I been Cash Money since day one Tunechi The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Birdman, Lil Wayne Album: We the Best Song: "S" on My Chest Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: screwed Lil Wayne sample] "That be that Cash Money piece, go restin the dead" (Alright, alright) [Chorus: all comprised of various samples] I walk around like I got a "S" on my chest I walk, I walk around like I got a "S" on my chest I walk, I walk around like I got a "S" on my chest That be that Cash Money piece, go restin the dead [Lil Wayne] Yeah... uhh [Lil Weezyana] If stunna say the nigga dead then the nigga dead {*2X*} [Baby Birdman] If I want to get a nigga dead, then the nigga dead [Baby Birdman] Yeah, I said a nigga then the nigga dead [Lil Wayne] Peporting from Kim's corner store Hollygrove, 17th kinda Ward Ridin through the city in a Tonka toy I got old money, coulda bought a dinosaur, huh Only ride Chevy, never drive a Ford And my Coupe doors open like plaza doors, yup! Red thick women (uhh) eyes adore I'm a whore, you know that I'm a whore, yup! Cash Money, Cash Money, monster boys Mafia bitch! Even the cop's a boy When you say you want beef, then I got ya boy I'll just let the Big Mac, Whoppa-boy See my dreads hangin like-a like-a rasta boy Fuck with my rasta and I turn into Mufasa boy... We run up in ya casa boy And blast off like NASA boy~! [Lil Weezyana] If stunna say the nigga dead then the nigga dead... "I walk, I walk around like I got a "S" on my chest  That be that Cash Money piece, go restin the dead" [Birdman] Yeah, "Ca$H Money is a Army" nigga better know it's gravy If you ever fuck with young'n, if you ever fuck with Baby Shit gon' be crazy, nigga doin it like the 80's Buncha young nigga poppin off and they sprayin Up in the early, we thank ya for the sunshine Got to get my bling on, reach for my chrome 9 Kiss momma cause we goin out and gettin mines Next nigga in line, 17 on the grind Shoot first, nigga not seein mines Big purses, million dollar headlines Five drops, O.G. the last Big Tyme Lord to the game nigga 'til it's my time "Like Father Like Son" nigga this time Junior got the fame and the game mastermind Two hundred on the dash, watch me mash Doin doughnuts in my hood gettin paper bags [Lil Weezyana] If stunna say the nigga dead then the nigga dead {*2X*} [Birdman] Ribbon is red, that how we plead An Uptown C.M.B. blood 'til I'm dead That's what I said, I'll put some change in your head If you ever cross a line nigga it's nothin but bread Fifty shots I'm hot, nigga we won't stop From puttin candy on the slab nigga stirrin the pots Put the hammer on the jam nigga pull it and pops And put the rubber on the bands nigga stackin his knots [Lil Wayne] Bitch I'm the boss, bih.. bitch I'm the boss And bury me like my father on the cross And carry thy teen, I shall over across Shorty got that game on lock, like a vault Weezy, Baby, cayenne pepper, no salt Windows down on the hog in the winter, it's yo' fault Hehehe, I don't jump on the track, I pull forward I got that "S" on my chest, man I'm supposed to boss [Outro: composed of various samples] Cash Money, Cash, ka-Cash Money (that be that) Cash Money, Cash, ka-Cash Money I walk, I walk around like I got a "S" on my chest That be that Cash Money piece, go restin the dead The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Chris Brown, Lil Wayne, Nicki Minaj, Rick Ross Album: Kiss the Ring Song: Take it to the Head Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: DJ Khaled] Another one, another one (another one) DJ Khaled! Workin all winter, shinin all summer I ain't no beginner, you scared to take it to the [Chorus: Chris Brown] Take it to the head~! Yeah yeah Don't think about it, be about it, don't be scared  to take it to the head, yeah, yeah yeah Girl you fly, but if I tell you then you might take it to the head I'm in my zone, damn near got my eyes closed One shot, two shots, I'm gone - I take it to the head~! I'm in my zone, damn near got my eyes closed One shot, two shots, I'm gooooone Now we gon' get fucked up, no excuses, no apologies {"Maybach Music"} [Rick Ross] Reputation for G's, that's the role of a boss So amazin to see, black baguetts in my watch She say love is for free, just expensive to shop But it's nothin to me, that extends from my block I got a lot of figures (yeah) I'm a father figure (me) She know a lot of niggaz, don't know a hotter nigga Come to the winner's circle, a lot of men will hurt you But I'm here to nurture (for real) I wanna take you further She got all them purses, I say in my verses YSL or Hermes and barely scratch the surface She know her purpose, as I peel the curtains I always make her nervous, this record's perfect [Nicki Minaj] Uhh, yo Reputation for bustin, pussy open it's nothin Big fat nigga, all that huffin and puffin Take me shoppin in France, and he pay in advance He got big balls, ran a play in his pants Ran away with his money, just to chill on an island All my bitches is stylin beaches and eatin Italian This is real shit, r-r-real shit On the real nigga fuckin with a real bitch I-I-I ride for him (I ride for him) DMV (DMV) Stamina (stamina) GNC (GNC) Three letters... CMB Competition, I don't C-N-E/see any [Lil Wayne] Uh, reputation for tastin I'm, killin them hoes, like Jason Got that pussy like, medication to patients Got my eyes closed, like Asian persuasion Fuck with me baby, it's Tunechi baby Bust a nut, smoke a blunt, now I'm rejuvenated with all that pink gone, bitch I'm King Kong I eat her ice cream, she eat my ice cream cone Haha, pop a pill and pop that pussy I bet you Tunechi make her throw away that silver bullet Yeah... and she kiss me on my neck And she kiss me on my chest And then she [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Lil Wayne] YOUNG MULA BABY~!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Lil Wayne, Plies, Rick Ross, T-Pain Album: We the Best Forever Song: Welcome to My Hood Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [DJ Khaled] DJ Khaled! Cash Money, Young Money, We the Best [Lil Wayne] Khaled, I got you! [T-Pain] Welcome to my hooooood, hee-eee [DJ Khaled] (Lil Wayne) {Rick Ross} Where the hood at? {Huh}  Where the hood at? (YMCMB) {ROSAY~!} [Chorus: T-Pain] Welcome to my hooooood - Everybody know everybody And if I got it, everybody got it, uh! Welcome to my hooooood - Look at all them old school Chevys' 24's so you know we roll heavy, uh! Welcome to my hooo-ooooo-oood - They outside playin hopscotch and everybody know this is the hot spot Welcome to my hooooood - Dem boys'll put you down on your knees WHOOP! WHOOP! That's the +Sound of Da Police+ in my hood! [Rick Ross] (ROSAY~!) Audemar on my wrist, diamonds look like they glowin Fifty stacks all singles, I make it look like it's snowin Black unmarked cars, gotta peep how they playin Treat 'em like jack boys, catch 'em slippin then slay 'em Lord forgive me for my siiiiins, thats my confession  If that put me in this Beeeenz, I got possession  of a federal offeeeence, I'm talkin pressure  in my criminal inteeeent (huh), so wear ya vests-es  And I'm still gon' stunt, like it ain't no tomorrow  Fuck ya house note, nigga, blow that bitch on a bottle The Ferrari just a front, got the Lambo in the back (ROSAY~!) Tell you +we the Best Forever+, DJ Khaled handle that, huh! [Plies] Takeoff, T-takeoff.. I know some niggaz from my hood that woulda ROBBED Noriega! I'm talkin Noriega, nigga, the +REAL+ Noriega! If you ain't from the hood, bitch, then stop impersonatin us And tell Congress when you see 'em, "Bitch, I'm stealin cable!" And leave the d-boys alone 'cause they motivate us And why's the half of my whole hood on papers? Some o'em on house arrest ('rest), some o'em on child supp'ot (p'ot) Some o'em did they bid, the other half waitin to go to court Mr. Landlord we gon' BUST yo' ass with an eviction note Better have the police witchu, dawg, if you came to repo Im talkin strip clubs, Im talkin liquor stores We throw our money 'round here, but yall can call us po' [Lil Wayne] I'm goin in.. Uh, bitch I'm on probation.. so my nerves bad And they say time flies, well mine's first class I landed in the sky, I fell from the streets I talk a lot of shit, and practice what I preach BACK from hell, cell 23  Tell the warden kiss my ass, pockets on Mo'Nique Bitch, I'm from the murder capital, hoe I'm far from practical Shit happens and since I'm the shit, I'm who it happen to Young Money, Cash Money, Blood, bitch, I'm +red+ hot I don't see nobody, see nobody/no body like a head shot All that bullshit is for the birds, throw some bread out Got it sewed up, check the thread count [Chorus 2: T-Pain] (Lil Wayne) Welcome to my hooooood - Everybody know everybody (Uh!) And if I got it, everybody got it, uh! (Young Mula, bayyy-bay) Welcome to my hooooood - Look at all them old school Chevys' 24's so you know we roll heavy, uh! (YMCMB) Welcome to my hooo-ooooo-oood - They outside playin hopscotch (Khaled, I GOTchu!) and everybody know this is the hot spot Welcome to my hooooood - Dem boys'll put you down on your knees WHOOP! WHOOP! (...I say fuck the) police in my hood! (Ha ha!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Akon, Birdman, Fat Joe, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross, T.I. Album: We the Best Song: We Takin' Over Typed by: TonyMontana131@yahoo.com * * first single; send corrections to the typist [Akon] Oh, oh [Khaled] DJ Khaled! [Akon] Konvict Music, yeah [Khaled] We the best We takin' over Listennn! [T.I.] Ay, ay Started in Atlanta, then I spread out wit' it South Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi On to North Carolina, Phildelphia and Virginia From down in Miami where it warm in the winter On up to Minnesota where it storm in the winter Jackson then Tallahassee, Memphis, Tenn. holla at me Me in H-Town, Southside, Cloverland daddy I'm the man out in Dallas, better ask Khaled Kept me out in Cali with my eyes open barely Blowin' and spinnin', goin' down Bennett Drop six-fo', three-wheel then switch it Red light stop, make it drop for the bitches Got a glock fo'-fifth, blow your head off wit' it Anything you hear that I said, I meant it King got the crown then sped off it wit' it Say you need bricks, I said I get it [Akon] If you want to, we can supply you Got enough work, to feed the whole town They won't shoot you, unless you try to Come around and try to stomp on our ground 'Cause we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time [Rick Ross] Triple C, Black Flag We rich, yeah [Khaled] Listennn! [Rick Ross] Boss, it's what I does I get money everyday, everyday I does That Benz, is how I ride Black flag on the left, two hoes and ride You better, move! Ak all day Get shot up like Shyne, that's on my niece I'm +B.I.G.+ like Diddy Damn it, I'm wit' it Khaled we did it, Biggie of my city Please no fitted, fuck it, I'm too pretty The (?) can get (?), stupid, I'm silly Money that come, runnin' like water Mami so hot, damn it, she gorgeous Miami on fire, you better be, cautious Might get shot on the porch of your fortress Now they see that you know I'm from Port City I run in 'cause Rick Ross is boss shit [Akon] 'Cause we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time [Fat Joe] Cribs Mania Khaled! BX, TS nigga [Khaled] Listennn! [Fat Joe] Blat, when you see Crack, better duck like the mac gotta ease past, nigga what Shit, I don't give fuck, I run these streets Y'all talk that shit, I want that beef I'ma tell you like a g told me They'll come back quick if a nigga O.D Cash Rule Everything Around Me I'm YSL, Versace You could see me in that Porsche GT Comin' down Sunset, sittin' on D's Feelin' like 'Pac, All Eyez On Me Fresh bandana and I'm blowin' mad trees Nigga please, I spit crack every verse a ki Some say Khaled, some say Colli Twelve years down and I'm finally free, crack! [Akon] If you want to, we can supply you Got enough work, to feed the whole town They won't shoot you, unless you try to Come around and try to stomp on our ground 'Cause we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time [Khaled] Listennn! [Birdman] Birdman daddy, I'm number one Nigga came at me wrong so we got him done Fuckin' with the fam', I'ma give him son Spent that co'ner, he didn't run Sunday had a whole church singin' a song "Why'd they have to send my baby home?" Fuckin' with some nigga, that paper long Been a g in the game now my son on the throne [Lil Wayne] I am the beast Feed me rappers or feed me beats I am untamed, I need a leash I am insane, I need a shrink I love brain, I need a leech Why complain on easy streets? I don't even talk, I let the Visa speak and I like, my Sprite Easter pink And my wrist special par but the Mula's cooler I have more jewels than your jeweler Touch and I will bust, your medulla That's a bullethole, it is not a tumor Red light, red light, stop your rumors I stay on track like a box of Pumas Now just r-r-rock with Junior I am the little big Kahuna, y'dig? [Akon] 'Cause we takin' over, one city at a time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (DMX f/) Lil Wayne Album: The Weigh In Song: Lil Wayne Interlude Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Lil Wayne] I mean, tonight is history because I got one of - I got a fuckin legend standing behind me When I turned around, I saw this nigga I was like stop the music, and let the motherfuckers know that D, M, X, is in, this, building! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drake f/ Lil Wayne Album: So Far Gone Song: Congratulations Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com * - free bonus track of the mixtape version {sample of Coldplay's "Vida la Vida" plays} Ohhhhhhh-oh, oooh-ooh-WHOOOA-oh-ohhhhhhhhh Oooh-ohh-WHOOOA-ohh, ohhhhhhh-oh, oooh-ooh-WHOOOA-oh-ohhhhhhhhh Oooh-ohh-whoa-oh... [Drake - Verse 1ne] Uh, black hearts on my cardigan At the crib tellin ya girl that we should order-in Tell G to put his feet up on the ottoman We just up against a bunch of rappers I go harder than Damn! I'm so Ka-trina smarter than,  A lot of these niggas swear the coach just brought the starter in Yeah, and I'm the type to tell ya daughter things I float high, don't try and cut my water wiiiiiiiings.. I'm still myself Suicide bars, I kill myself Charge it to the game, I bill myself  and I don't feel y'all, but I feel myself! Antedote, tell 'em I deserve a mazel tov I'm rappin like a Shepherd with the muzzle off ...I'm next to blow -- pause And I can hear the critics talkin over the applause {*crowd cheers*} Yeah, I tried to tell 'em, future let 'em know Send the haters all my love - X and O I got a black box where suggestions go But I don't really give a fuck, it's prol'ly best you know My reality is brighter than your dreams are I gotcha dream girl ridin in ya dream car Yeah, and the visual is stunnin I hope they document what I'm becomin  Congratulations {sample of Coldplay's "Vida la Vida" plays} Ohhhhhhh-oh, oooh-ooh-WHOOOA-oh-ohhhhhhhhh Oooh-ohh-WHOOOA-ohh, ohhhhhhh-oh, oooh-ooh-WHOOOA-oh-ohhhhhhhhh Oooh-ohh-whoa-oh.. [Drake - Verse 2wo] So whatchu want an award or sum'hin? I'm at the private airport boardin sum'hin I see nothing from afar but I'm far from nothing Put on your poker face, I'll pull ya card if ya bluffinnnnnnnn.. But I ain't with the hard talk I got a +Monopoly,+ catch me on my +boardwalk+ Like I said we pull ya card and find out you're a Hallmark Just know I'm breakin world records - no false start I don't see your point unless it's gunpoint or sum'hin My deal like Weezy first week, one point sum'hin ...And my verses gettin stupider Wayne if you're on Mars, can you pick me up from Jupiter? Phone blowin up, so I'm cuttin off my cellular I'm a superstar, noted on to my nebula I will break a leg, break an arm and a fibula When I break it down, when I, when I break it dooow-haaaah-owwwn I hug and kiss the drum kick I put the beat in my back pocket and just sit But, you could never be my ass -- PAUSE Again, dammit y'all, again Y'all, pretend that we are, some men that get it on, and in I'll die before I lose, 'cause I was born, to win If he don't fuck wit y'all, then don't bo-ther him  And yes, I fuck this game but I won't fa-ther them Right, uh... {sample of Coldplay's "Vida la Vida" plays} Ohhhhhhh-oh, oooh-ooh-WHOOOA-oh-ohhhhhhhhh Oooh-ohh-WHOOOA-ohh, ohhhhhhh-oh, oooh-ooh-WHOOOA-oh-ohhhhhhhhh Oooh-ohh-whoa-oh.. [Drake - Verse 3hree] It's like, these days man, I'm booked and I'm busy Dad named me Drake, Footz named me Drizzy They tried to tell me I'd never be nothin but a protg But if you watched the VMAs, there's nothing more to sayyyyy I got the key to happiness and all the copies Remember this day like you bought a poppy  and damn, how I get so nice? I just spent it all once, 'bout to get rich twice Surprise party bitch, now it's on and poppin I always choose dough like it's my only option ...'Cause money always knows best Chain snatch flow, they say "Get it off yo' CHEST~!" ...and I'm what all the fuss about  and if they talkin, I bet I'm what they discussion 'bout Hit me at the office  same extension Consider me the reason y'all should pay attention [Outro: Lil Wayne] It's crack! Aiyyo Drizzy, you shoulda said that on the hook You shoulda been like, "Congratulations - it's crack!" Yah... It's crack, hehe, congratulations LADIES AND GENTLEMEN~! {*crowd cheers*} Artist: Drake f/ Lil Wayne Album: Take Care Song: HYFR (Hell Ya Fucking Right) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Drake] Gotta do what I gotta do... Uhh, +All My Ex's Live in Texas+ like I'm George Strait Or they go to Georgia State where tuition is handled by some random nigga that live in Atlanta  that she only see when she feels obligated Admitted it to me the first time we dated  but she was no angel and we never waited I took her for sushi, she wanted to fuck  so we took it to go, told 'em don't even plate it Then we never talked so much after I blew up  just only "hello" or "happy belated" And I think I text her and told her I made it  and that's when she text me and told me she prayed it And that's when I text her and told her I love her  then right after textin and told her I'm faded She, asked, what have I learned since gettin richer? I learned workin with the negatives could make for better pictures I learned Hennessy and enemies is one hell of a mixture Even though it's fucked up, girl I'm still fuckin wit'cha Damn, is it the fall?  Time for me to revisit the past, it's women to call There's albums to drop, there's liquor involved There's stories to tell, we been through it all Yeah... interviews are like confessions Get the fuck up out my dressin room confusin me with questions; like [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Do you love this shit? Are you high right now? Do you ever get nervous? Are you single? I heard you fucked your girl, is it true? You gettin money? You think them niggaz you with is with you? And I say hell yeah, hell yeah hell yeah Fuckin right, fuckin right, alright And we say hell yeah, hell yeah hell yeah Fuckin right, fuckin right, alright [Lil Wayne] Uhh, so much for bein optimistic They say love is in the air, so I hold my breath 'til my face turn purple Keep a few bad bitches in my circle My nuts hang like ain't no curfew Bitch if you wave then I will serve you I flew jet, she flew commercial  but we still met, later that night After my session, she came over I was aggressive and she was sober I gave her a pill, she started confessin  and started undressin and asked me to hold her And so I did, but that was last month  and now she's textin me askin for closure Damn, she say "This shit gon' catch up to me, I keep tissue paper" We eat each other whenever we at the dinner table She say she hate that she love me and she wish I was average Shit, sometimes I wish the same, and I wish she wasn't married Promises, I hope I never break 'em Met a female dragon, had a fire conversation But... interviews are like confessions Get the fuck up out my bedroom confusin me with questions; like [Chorus] - last line "Fuckin right, damn right, alright, uh" [Drake] And we say hell yeah, hell yeah hell yeah Fuckin right, fuckin right, alright And we say hell yeah, hell yeah hell yeah Fuckin right, damn right, alright Ohhh yeah, yeah... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drake f/ Lil Wayne  Album: So Far Gone Song: Ignant Shit Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com [Drake] Look, I'm the property of October I ain't drive here, I got chauffeured Bring me champagne flutes, Ros and some shots over I think better when I'm not sober I smoke good ain't no glaucoma, I'm a stockholder Private flights back home, no stop over Still spitting that shit that they shot Pac over The shit my mother look shocked over Yeah, but with a canvas I'm a group of seven A migraine, take two Excedrin I'm the one twice over, I'm the new eleven And if I die I'm a do it repping, I never do a second I swear niggas be eyeing me all hard And lying to they girls and driving the same cars Sitting there wishing they problems became ours Cause we have nothing in common since I done became star I done became bigger swerving writing in my peer's lane Same dudes that used to holler my engineer's name One touch I could make the drapes and the sheers change And show me the city that I without fear claim What I set seems to never extinguish Coolest kid out baby, word to Chuck Inglish Count my own money, see the paper cut fingers My song is your girlfriend's waking up ringer Heh, or alarm, or whatever She be here at six in the morn if I let her But I never get attracted to fans Cause the eager beaver could be the collapse of a dam I always knew that I could figure How to get these label heads to offer him good figures And me doing them shows getting everyone nervous cause Them hipsters going have to get along with them hood niggas It's all good, I'm going off like lights when the show's over Make pasta, rent a movie, called hoes over Rest in peace to Heath Ledger but I'm no joker I'll slow roast you, got no holster Wet glass on your table, nigga no coaster Burn bread everyday boy, no toaster G and Tez got a cig but I'm no smoker They jus handing chips to me nigga, no poker I'm with it, Young Money, Cash Money soldier My cup runnith over The same niggas I ball with, I fall with On some southern drawl shit Rookie of the year, '06 Chris Paul shit D-R., CJ, and Po, I see y'all These cases don't workout I hope we can agree on Making enough to pay any Judge Judy off First thing I'm a do is free Weezy, go [Lil Wayne] And I take probation I don't want that T.I. and Vick vacation Private plane, big location Im going to the bank to make a big donation Yeah, I don't stunt, I stunt hard And if the food ain't on the stove I hunt for it But in the meantime you can call me young Roy Jones Jr. fighting the drugs and gun charge Shit, don't leave me unguarded And I'm a cheese head, word to Vince Lombardi Word to Marky Mark, leave a snitch +Departed+ All that blood like the red sea parted My gun go crazy like it's retarded Red light on it like it's recording I ain't recording, I'm jus C-4ing My currency foreign We are in a league they aren't Better dig in your pocket and pay homage Better cover your eyes, your face falling Watch the game from the side, I'm play calling No, I didn't say that I'm flawless But I, damn sure don't tarnish My piss don't got comments for your garments I'm so high I can vomit on a comet K-y no homo I'm on it Weezy F Baby, new born bitch You know what they say bout when your palm itch I'm going get money, money I'm going get Young Money in your tummy and we going shit And get that toilet paper quick like when bones split That's right bitch, I'm back on my grown shit That ought to Marvin Gaye, no ice just chrome shit And your boyfriend softer than a foam pit I scream, Fuck the world with a long dick Motherfucker I'm me, yeah bitch I'm me You niggas sweet like the pussy in which I eat Fireman burn down your entire street So fly I'm a take off when I leap, bye And you can suck my wings Stand on my money, head butt Yao Ming Put your hand in the oven if you touch my things I'm shuffling the cards bout to cut my queens But I ain't the dealer House full of bitches like Tila Tequila Yeah, I'm the man in the mirror My swagger jus screaming, motherfucker, do you hear her? Drizzy Drake what the lick read We make magic boy, Roy and Siegfried The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drake f/ Lil Wayne, Young Jeezy Album: So Far Gone *  Song: I'm Goin In Typed By: jamx3k@yahoo.com * appears on the EP version [Verse One: Lil Wayne] Hello motherfucker, hey hi, how ya doin It's Weezy F. Baby come to take a shit and urine  On the toilet bowl, bitches, pussy ass niggas Stompin on This beat like a muh'fuckin Sigma Bad to the brizzle, hat to da rizzle I'm so official all I need is a whistle,  Bitch named crystal, let her suck my pistol She open up her mouth and then I blew her brains out You ain't met a nigga like me and probably never will Riders rollin wit me like eleven wheels Find out where you livin, kill you in the kitchen  The feds tryna clip us, but we ain't even trippin [Chorus: Lil Wayne]  I'm goin in, I'm goin in I'm goin in, I'm goin in (And I'm a go hard, and I'm a go hard) (And I'm a go hard, and I'm a go hard) Bitch, I'm goin in, I'm goin in I'm goin in, I'm goin in (And I'm a go hard, and I'm a go hard) (And I'm a go hard, and I'm a go hard) [Verse Two: Drake]  First off you know what it is if you heard Drake  Makin hoes wobble like a bridge in a earthquake Never see me out cuz I live in my workplace I give you the business, so button up your shirt straight Look at where I landed, you would think I planned it I'm just doin me and you can never understand it Chicks get hammered, big dick bandit Money flowin like a slit wrist, no bandage Blowin purple clouds nigga, I'm so sky high I ain't cuttin anybody slices outta my pie Outta this world though, I'm so sci-fi And I don't sit still I keep it movin like a drive by I just tell the truth and so I'm good in every hood spot 21 years and I ain't ever met a good cop Me and Wayne lean like Kareem doin hook shots Cover me I'm goin in I'm buckin when the hook drops [Verse Three: Young Jeezy] Hold up, wait one motherfuckin minute It's the el capitn, I got motherfuckin lieutenant I said I'm goin in, and I motherfuckin mean't it I brought in the club and I'm a motherfuckin spend it Cost a few hundred bands, and I motherfuckin mean't it No need for a room, you know I'm fuckin it She actin like she not, but she know she fuckin wit it She said "I seen it all" I said "No you fuck didn't You ever bust ten nuts in a two seater?" She said "I can't feel my legs", I'm like "Bitch, me neither" I'm goin in, where should I begin I don't even know, maybe where my blunt ends And I'm a be a legend, even when my life ends And I'm a be a legend, even when this life ends Girl I do my thang, hop up out it like, BAM Bitch, I said I'm him, so I'm nothin like them I'm goin in! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drake f/ Lil Wayne Album: Comeback Season Song: Man of the Year Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Verse 1: Drake] Damn! I done walked in here Lookin' like the mothafuckin' man of the year Think I had the mothafuckin' plan of the year Which was simply to make groupie fans of my peers And I get my girl whatever she desire And my niggas get whatever they require These rappers old, I'm the reason they expire Plus I got a city that I Carey like Mariah Damn! That punch line was predictable I still got you shittin' bricks, homie, quit the bull And we don't need new members To me the clique is full And I be getting' the same women that tip the pool Believe or not I receive a lot So, I be wearing the same Gucci that Jeezy got And I be buyin' the Louie that Kanyizzy cop And I be rippin' the same reords that Weezy rock This shit is east pot That's why I'm ready, man I'd never copy Norbit like eddie, man Did you get it? Eddie Murphy was in Norbit Or was it way over your head? Did you forfeit? Yeah, I take a woman shopping in a store quick Her ass big, she just tryin' to make a four fit Yeah, they need ot issue out a recall I'm goin' up and they headin' into a freefall The fundamental are needed, you playin' street And I was out at BET, but I didn't see ya'll These skee-low rappers wishing they could be tall Lettin' all their fake friends use them like a free stall Yep! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Damn! I done walked in here Lookin' like the mothafuckin' man of the year My shades so dark And my ice so bright My buddies and my fans wanna fight your right Like, round one, round two, round three I told you not to ever bring a bitch 'round me 'Cause, ain't no nigga like a young money nigga No, ain't no nigga like me Ya dig? [Verse 2: Drake] I said I know you see me chillin' Super low key If I'm with the right niggas, you can scoop a O.Z. All the hustlers and the bouncers And the groupies know me Fresh denim, fresh shades In a group with no kids It start up when I touch the door And I encourage ladies to touch the floor As soon as we finish cuttin', we can cut some more Then after you get high, make 'em, get 'em, girl you finna get low Lights dimmed down Got alota dough Plus a hit sound What you mean you ain't heard? I come highly recommended Everybody my friend, even if they been offended They ain't really got a choice, it's an obvious decision You tryna make a come up in my city, it's a given Plus a nigga famous Plus I got a vision Not to mention havin' bars like a mothafuckin' prison They takin' too long Their records on hold They threatened by my presence 'Cause I make them feel old Guaranteed if they drop, they braggin' 'bout what they sold Just remember where I lived at, 50, 000's goin' gold Holla at me when you see me, make yourself known 'Stead of hatin' on my music in the comfort of your home Nigga, be a man You actin' like a bitch I ain't actin' like I'm rude I'm just actin' like I'm rich, rich Yeah, uh! Ridin' with Weezy Fuckin' Baby Are you the type of girl that me and Weezy fuckin', baby? 'Cause I don't waste time, can't yo see a nigga lazy? And I might need some help But, you know, Weezy's fuckin' crazy [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Damn! I done walked in here Lookin' like the mothafuckin' man of the year My shades so dark And my ice so bright My buddies and my fans wanna fight your right Like, round one, round two, round three I told you not to ever bring a bitch 'round me 'Cause, ain't no nigga like a young money nigga No, ain't no nigga like me Ya dig? [Spoken: Lil Wayne] Y.M., bitch! Everybody! Two time on Sunday! Spit 'em! Check ya blinkers, baby! Check ya blinkers, baby! 'Cause, to me, look like you've been turning right all day! Yeah! Right my way! Ha ha! I got a boulevard, baby! That's right! Cash Avenue! Wall Street gangsta! Carter, ya'll! Heh heh! Why would I lie? Yeah! I ain't rich, bitch, I'm wealthy! Young! I talk shit 'til I die! Come kill me, nigga! Fuck you! No homo! She like it! Heh ha ha! Yeah! Boy, these mothafuckin' glasses I got on right now, are so mothafuckin' cold! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] I'm feelin' like... Damn! I done walked in here Straight up lookin' like the mothafuckin' man of the year My shades so dark And my ice so bright My buddies and my fans wanna fight your right Like, round one, round two, round three I told you not to ever bring a bitch 'round me 'Cause, ain't no nigga Ain't no nigga Ain't no nigga like a young money nigga Damn! I done walked in here Lookin' like the mothafuckin' man of the year My shades so dark And my ice so bright My buddies and my fans wanna fight your right... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drake f/ Lil Wayne Album: Thank Me Later Song: Miss Me Typed by: onyinyechi85@yahoo.com [Drake] I said tell me what's really going on Drizzy back up in this thing I'm ready, what's happening gon for surgery but now I'm back again I'm bout my paper like a muthfucking scratch and win World Series attitude, champagne bottle life nothing ever changes so tonight is like tomorrow night I will have a model wife your bitch is as hot as ice every time you see me I look like I hit the lotto twice (Drake you got 'em right) Yeah I got 'em Bun I love myself because I swear their life is just not as fun Neks got the weed, Hush got a gun CJ's got my credit cards and a lot of ones yeah, I'm in the city of the purple sprite someone tell Maliah I'm on fire she should work tonight call her King of Diamonds and tell China it'd be worth the flight I'll be at my table stacking dollar's to the perfect height work something twirk something basis she just tryna make it so she right here gettin naked I don't judge her, I don't judge her but I could never love her cause to her I'm just a rapper and soon she'll have met another that's why me and lil jazz bout to spaz can you keep up I'm just feeling sorry for whoever got to sweep up yeah bills everywhere, trill everything and Drake just stand for Do Right And Kill Everything I love Nicki Minaj I told her I'd admit it I hope one day we get married just to say we fucking did it and girl I'm fucking serious I'm with it if you with it cause your verses turn me on and your pants are mighty fitted uh, damn, I think you caught me in a moment like I catch 'em stealing flows cause I swear I never loaned it and Life aint a rehearsal the camera's always rollin' so come and get a portion of this money that we be blowin' cause it's on... [Chorus - Drake] Yeah girl it's on you know what it is when I finally make it home I just hope you miss me a little when I'm gone yeah I just hope you miss me a little when I'm gone and you just tell me what you down for anything you down for I know things have changed Know I used to be around more but you should miss a little when I'm gone I just hope you miss me a little when your gone [Lil Wayne] Oooh shit, motherfucker God Damn kicking bitches out the Condo like pam getting money everyday I'ma ground hog bout to scoop your girl up like a ground ball I walk light so I don't piss the ground off Man I swear my bitches do it till they suck the brown off erghhhh, that's nasty yes I am Weezy but I aint asthmatic James Bond cologne, hunny I put on make 'em run and tell there friends like a marathon voice baritone haters carry on beat the pussy up, call me Larry Holmes Young Money's Jerry Sloan, I turn every stone When she masturbate to me, that's how she learn every song to women I condone better write me when I'm gone no I'm not that thuggish not that ruggish but I do pack Bone uhh, I'm a love machine and I won't work for nobody but you it's only me and her because the Bugatti coupe its blood gang slam but I party with Snoop I aint lying I shoot you don't need signs for proof turn you to a vegetable like you lining soup and when I'm in the booth, shit the lion is loose man I got so many styles I am a group Damn, I'll be gone till November fuck it I aint trippin, I know Drizzy gon' kill 'em I'm sticking to the script like lint on denim I'mma say it if the rules aint bent don't bend 'em real nigga talking shut the fuck up hoe gotta do it one time for Haiti, wattup zoe Weezy F Baby and the F is for Front do' Cause that's where I bring it soo wu if you bang it, motherfucker [Drake - Chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drake f/ Lil Wayne Album: Take Care Song: The Motto * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * iTunes bonus track [Drake] I'm the fuckin man, y'all don't get it, do ya? Type of money e'rybody actin like they knew ya Go Uptown, New York City biiitch Some Spanish girls love me like I'm Aventura Tell Uncle Luke I'm out in Miami too Clubbin hard, fuckin women, ain't much to do Wrist bling, got a condo up in Biscayne Still gettin brain from a thang, ain't shit change How you feel? How you feel? How you feel?  25 sittin on 25 mil', uh I'm in the building and I'm +Feelin Myself+ Rest in peace Mac Dre, I'ma do it for the Bay, okay Gettin paid, we'll holla whenever that stop My team good, we don't really need a mascot Tell Tune light one, pass it like a relay YMCMB, you niggaz more YMCA Me, Freddie and Marly Marl at the crib-o Shout goes out to Niko, J and Chubbs, shout to Gibbo We got Santa Margherita by the liter She know even if I'm fuckin with her, I don't really need her Ohhh that's how you feel man? That's really how you feel? Cause the pimpin ice cold, all these bitches wanna chill I mean, maybe she won't, then again maybe +She Will+ I can almost guarantee she know the deal Real nigga what's up [Chorus: Drake] Now she want a photo, you already know though You Only Live Once, that's the motto nigga, YOLO And we 'bout it e'ry day, e'ry day, e'ry day Like we sittin on the bench, nigga we don't really play E'ry day, e'ry day, fuck what anybody say Can't see him cause the money in the way Real nigga what's up [Lil Wayne] One, time fuck one-time I'm callin niggaz out like the umpire Seven, grams in a blunt Almost drowned in her pussy so I swam to her butt It's, Eastside, we in this bitch Wish a nigga would/wood like a tree in this bitch And if a leaf fall put some weed in that bitch That's my M.O., add a B to that shit I'm, fucked up, tore down I'm twisted, door knob Talk stupid, off wit'cha head Nigga money talks, and Mr. Ed Yeah, I'm so Young Money Got a drum on the guns, Energizer Bunny Funny how honey ain't sweet like sugar Ain't shit sweet, niggaz on the street like hookers I, tongue-kiss her other tongue Skeet skeet skeet, water gun Oh, my, God, Becky Look at her, butt, Tunechi~! Yeah [Lil Wayne] Real nigga what's up... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drake f/ Lil Wayne, Tyga Album: The Motto single Song: The Motto (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Drake] I'm the fuckin man, y'all don't get it, do ya? Type of money e'rybody actin like they knew ya Go Uptown, New York City biiitch Some Spanish girls love me like I'm Aventura Tell Uncle Luke I'm out in Miami too Clubbin hard, fuckin women, ain't much to do Wrist bling, got a condo up in Biscayne Still gettin brain from a thang, ain't shit change How you feel? How you feel? How you feel?  25 sittin on 25 mil', uh I'm in the building and I'm +Feelin Myself+ Rest in peace Mac Dre, I'ma do it for the Bay, okay Gettin paid, we'll holla whenever that stop My team good, we don't really need a mascot Tell Tune light one, pass it like a relay YMCMB, you niggaz more YMCA Me, Freddie and Marly Marl at the crib-o Shout goes out to Niko, J and Chubbs, shout to Gibbo We got Santa Margherita by the liter She know even if I'm fuckin with her, I don't really need her Ohhh that's how you feel man? That's really how you feel? Cause the pimpin ice cold, all these bitches wanna chill I mean, maybe she won't, then again maybe +She Will+ I can almost guarantee she know the deal Real nigga what's up [Chorus: Drake] Now she want a photo, you already know though You Only Live Once, that's the motto nigga, YOLO And we 'bout it e'ry day, e'ry day, e'ry day Like we sittin on the bench, nigga we don't really play E'ry day, e'ry day, fuck what anybody say Can't see him cause the money in the way Real nigga what's up [Lil Wayne] One, time fuck one-time I'm callin niggaz out like the umpire Seven, grams in a blunt Almost drowned in her pussy so I swam to her butt It's, Eastside, we in this bitch Wish a nigga would/wood like a tree in this bitch And if a leaf fall put some weed in that bitch That's my M.O., add a B to that shit I'm, fucked up, tore down I'm twisted, door knob Talk stupid, off wit'cha head Nigga money talks, and Mr. Ed Yeah, I'm so Young Money Got a drum on the guns, Energizer Bunny Funny how honey ain't sweet like sugar Ain't shit sweet, niggaz on the street like hookers I, tongue-kiss her other tongue Skeet skeet skeet, water gun Oh, my, God, Becky Look at her, butt, Tunechi~! [Tyga] Ah! T' raw, skinny nigga, big balls Fuck around get dragged, RuPaul You a funny +Lil'+ nigga, Duval Out of this world, Total Recall Call a bitch, ride dick, let her see-saw Sorta like a donkey act an ass, nigga hee-haw-haw Ridin 'round in a 'Rari with the top off While you in the window, man, I'm prol'ly on my next car Ha, AYE~! +Mighty Duck+ with the ice on Real LA nigga, Chuck with the guns drawn Drawin on ya face, you a clown, Jack-in-the-box Boy, that's your bop, she my new pum pum star Stars in the back and my homies they don't act Actin brand new, fuck and never call her back Matt Forte, got the bitch +runnin back+ Damn, that's the motto, you ain't know it's like thaaaat [Lil Wayne] Real nigga what's up... [Tyga] Hah! Real nigga what's up... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drake f/ Lil Wayne Album: Heartbreak Drake Mixtape Song: Ransom Typed by: chrisyungjock@yahoo.com, Arone3@hotmail.com [Drake] Yea Drizzy baby You already know who it is It the first time I'm high It's the first time I smoked in like 3 months I'm sorry mama, I had to do it to them Forty I see you O I see you homie I stay late tonight right You know what happen when I stay late Yea Boy wonder I swear it's like this every single time Toronto I got you I got us Yea I'm a hard guy to get along wit Get on a song wit When shit be goin right well I just flip it to the wrong shit The team that I belong to The artists I put on wit Don't ever ask for nuttin 'cause them niggas got their own shit Me and Weezy are like a mouth of hot peppers Black Ferrari with the red seats I call it playin checkers I'm never doing verses I'm forever giving lectures If you trying to meet with money I'll be happy to connect ya Life is better than it's ever been Schedulin' million dollar mettings with the president Someone cut the lights on where is Thomas Edision Gotta a new condo watch me as a settle in I deserve a MTV show for me and my people And if you tryin' to zone I got a whole Swisher Sweet full Rappers are liars and their women are deceitful Add until they subtract me, I'll never be your equal Last place Drizzy is the nigga in the lead now Weezy told me just write every single thing you need down And he got it for me and I'm as happy can be now Bout to start ballin' like I'm coming off a rebound Yea, and I should have the most braggin' rights Becuase the nigga spit crack, bag it tight Hate when rappers say they tryin' to get their swagger right Cuz I done came on more fire than a dragon fight Fuck you pussy ass hater you should do you You ain't heard of me then you should go in get a blues clue Oops I'm mean a red clue Wayne's here soo-woo Bet he felt like the end of a pool cue But I ain't bangin', I ain't waving no flag I'm ATF but they ain't seeing no badge It's Heartbreak Drake I hate to see him so sad I can son you, see a little me in your dad I'm the same yellow boy that used to play up on the Degrassi Can pocket 20 thousand to be anywhere they ask me Cash like Johnny, Banks like Ashley Burnin' like a Camel Light stupid hoe ash me But don't me shit about me And no the game really aint shit without me She might have to pay me but I dick her down free Wanna know if it's the truth then pull the zipper down and see [Lil Wayne] No homo though... Yea Ummm.....I'm going in Drizzy I got us This is my promise Ima bring the barrel to them bitches eyeliners And what I make up, will fuck up your skin I pick buck up and buck-buck then buck-buck again I will butt-fuck your friend Then suck up her twin I put the buck-up to him Then buck-buck and buck-buck and buck-buck again Suck nut you duck, fuck your unloving kin Now don't rub it in Like Lubriderm on a new tattoo I had to Kick my princess up out my castle Dad, who? Never had that dude Always had a black tool Even when I was at school Cuz bullies aren't bullet-proof Red scarf hoody too Probably ain't as hood as you Stupid motherfucker the only thing in the hood is you I do everything as good as you no I do everything better I get paid for everything for every letter, A-B-C, et cetera Fetch a bone Like a dog motherfucker I am gone for your neck In a sec, intercept Bring it back like work in a trunk And my exit coming up yo I am headin' to buck like Buck-Buck again Might fly to L.A and just fuck Karrine Nahh fuck Karrine Lets get bucks again, and fuckin' spend Them bucks and then, just fuck Karrine If I told ya I'ma do it I did it Got my city on my fitted Bout to pop a lets get it Lets get it motherfucker whatcha waitin on It is bout a minute past pissed and I'm about to get shitted I'm wit it if money is the it you want me wit And I prolly just spit on the chick you won't be wit And I hate a boney bitch only like I'm only think And I own hip-hop, if you don't spit I'm gon' evict And I just sold a lot of property to a buyer And I think his name was kinda like Drake Drizzy Rogers Or Drizzy Drake Rogers I'm too busy to play father And when it comes to the game I'm too willing to play harder So harder I go, there he go They chant MVP when I shoot a free throw C.E.O., Jazz what it do The haters are there facin' and their ass is a shoe Faster than you Badder than you Radder than you, et cetera I told ya, I get paid buy the letter like A-B-C-D-E-F-G-H-I-J-K-L-M-N-O-P-Q-R-S-T-U-V-W-X-Y ZZ Top, yes we rock And me and Drizzy both wrote on Detox That was just a foot note How long can he could he go Wondering when he stop Bitch when the beat stop So I'ma keep rock-in to the sheet rock bend Then the heat I send burn skin The end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drake f/ Andr 3000, Lil Wayne Album: Take Care Song: The Real Her Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Drake] People around you should really have nothing to say Me, I'm just proud of the fact that you've done it your way And the weekend's here, started it right, even if you only get part of it right Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight, party tonight Dyin to meet your girlfriends that you said you might bring If they're the ones that tell you that you do the right thing Ohhhh [Interlude: Drake] Houston girls love the way it goes down Atlanta girls love the way it goes down Vegas girls love the way it goes down But I gotta say, oh baby, oh baby, why is this so familiar? Just met her, already, feel like I know the real her [Chorus: Drake] You musta done this before, this can't be your first time We musta been here before, it's still fresh on my mind You got that shit that somebody will look for but won't find You musta done this before, this can't be your first time Ohhhh [Drake] They keep tellin me don't save you If I ignore all that advice, then somethin isn't right Then who will I complain to? But the weekend's here, started it right, even if I only get part of it right Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight, party tonight You got your guards up, I do too, there's things we might discover Cause you got a past and I do too, we're perfect for each other Ohhhhhh [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Lil Wayne] Cause to her I'm just a rapper and soon she'll have met another So if tonight's an accident tomorrow we'll recover And I know I'm not supposed to judge a book, by its cover I don't want be in the blind, but sometimes I Stevie Wonder about her, and she wit it if I'm wit it and I'm wit it I know what makes her smile but I won't know what makes her different Or should I just be realistic? Lipstick on the glass See, I know this ain't your first but it's better than your last Tunechi [Andr 3000] Shower her with dollar tips, shawty went and bought a whip Guarantee the city remember your whole name, you throw the hoe a scholarship All of them ain't all equipped, and this saddens me, I see the pecking order Quote-unquote "bad bitches" work the whole flo' Those that get laughed at sit off in a corner Like a lab rat nobody want her, niggaz that are married don't wanna go home but We look up to them, they wish they were us They want some new trim, we lust for some trust Now the both of us, are colorblind cause the other side looks greener Which leaves your turf in the Boise State, can't see her play or the team cause E'rybody has an addiction, mine happens to be you And those who say they don't souls will later on say to them "That ain't true" All of them will have an opinion, but y'all know what y'all can do with them But if you're unsure I'll take you on tour to a place you can stick that in Well, sittin here sad as hell listenin to Adele, I feel ya baby +Someone Like You+, more like someone unlike you or, somethin that's familiar maybe And I can tell, that she wants a baby, and I can yell, "Girl that you're crazy" Oh what the hell, nope can't be lazy, please be careful, bitches got the rabies The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drake f/ Lil Wayne Album: Young Sweet Jones Song: Right Above It Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {"Kane is in the building..."} [Intro: Lil Wayne] Now tell me how you love it You know you at the top when only heaven's right above it We onnnn, cause we onnnnnnnn [Drake] Who else really tryin to fuck with Hollywood Cole? I'm with Marley G bro Flyin Hollygrove chicks to my Hollywood shows And I wanna tell you somethin that you prolly should know This that +Slumdog Millionaire+ Bollywood flow And uhhh, my real friends never hearin from me Fake friends write the wrong answers on the mirror for me That's why I pick and choose, I don't get shit confused I got a small circle, I'm not with different crews We walk the same path, but got on different shoes Live in the same buildin, but we got different views I got a couple cars, I never get to use Don't like my women single, I like my chicks in twos And these days all the girls is down to roll I hit the strip club and all them bitches find a pole Plus I been sippin so this shit is movin kinda slow Just tell my girl to tell her friend that it's time to go [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Now tell me how you love it You know you at the top when only heaven's right above it We onnnn, it's Young Money motherfucker If you ain't runnin wit it run from it motherfucker All right, now somebody show some money in this bitch And I got my B's with me like some honey in this bitch Ya diiiig? I got my gun in my boo purse And I don't bust back because I shoot firrrrrst [Lil Wayne] Meet me on the fresh train Yes I'm in the building, you just on the list of guest names And all of my riders do not give a fuck, X Games Guns turn you boys into pussies, sex chaaaange And I smoke 'til I got chest pains And you niggaz know I rep my gang like Jesse James Women are possessive, and they wanna possess Wayne I been fly so long I fell asleep on the fuckin plaaaane Skinny pants and some Vans Call me Triple A, get my advance in advance - amen As the world spin and dance in my hands Life is a beach, I'm just playin in the saaaand Uhh, wake up and smell the pussy You niggaz can't see me, but never overlook me I'm on the paper trail, it ain't no tellin where it took me Yeah, and I ain't a killa but don't push meeeee [Lil Wayne] Uhh, how do he say what's never said? Beautiful black woman, I bet that bitch look better red Limpin off tour cause I made more off my second leg Muh'fuckin Birdman Junior, 11th grade Ball on automatic start I could hand it to Drake or do a quarterback draw Wildcat offense, check the paw prints We in the building, you niggaz in apartments Uhh, n-now c'mon be my blood donor Flo' so nice you ain't gotta put a rug on her Do it big and let the small fall under that Damn, where you stumbled at? From where they make gumbo at? Kane got the fuckin beat jumpin like a jumpin jack But you know me, I get on this bitch and have a heart attack Hip-Hop, I'm the heart of that, nigga nothin short of that President Carter, Young Money Democrat, uhh [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Outro: Lil Wayne] Yeah! We onnnn Young Mu', Young Mula baby! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drake f/ Lil Wayne, Trey Songz Album: So Far Gone Song: Successful Typed by: numeros_uno1@hotmail.com [Intro - Trey Songz] The money (money), the cars (cars) The clothes (clothes), the hoes, I suppose... yeah! [Chorus - Trey Songz] I want the money, money and the cars Cars and the clothes, the hoes, I suppose I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful [Verse 1 - Drake] Drizzy Aw yeah, Trey I fuckin' feel ya They be starin' at the money like it's unfamiliar I get it, I live it, to me there's nothing realer Just enough to solve your problems, too much'll kill ya And when I leave I always come right back here The young spitter that everybody in rap fear Alot of ya'll are still sounding like last year The game need change and I'm the motherfuckin' cashier Nickels for my thoughts, dimes in my bed Quarters of the kush shave the lines in my head Take my verses too serious, you'll hate me Cause I'm the one to paint a vivid picture, no HD Yeah, I want it all, that's why I strive for it Diss me, you'll never hear a reply for it Any award show or party, I get fly for it But I know that it's coming, I just hope that I'm alive for it [Chorus - Trey Songz] I want the money, money and the cars Cars and the clothes, the hoes, I suppose I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful [Verse 2 - Drake] Yeah, I want things to go my way But as of late, alot of shit been going sideways And my mother try to run away from home But I left something in the car and so I caught her in the driveway And she cried to me, so I cried too And my stomach was soaking wet, she only 5'2" And 48 hours all before I showed up And brought a thousand dollars worth of drinks and got poored up Damn, my reality just set in And even when the pantoms leased, them hoes wanna get in I do alot of things hoping I never have to fit in So try to keep up with my progress, it's like a dead-end My girl love me, but fuck it my heart beats slow And right now the tour bus is looking like a freak show And life change for us every single week so it's good, but I know this ain't the peak though cause I want the [Chorus - Trey Songz] I want the money, money and the cars Cars and the clothes, the hoes, I suppose I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful [talking] Alright well uh, aight Why don't you put that fucking cigarrette out .... Making it to the top, all the way to the top You need to go for the money, and not the money you know what I'm saying Hahahaha, you know what I'm saying? [Verse 3 - Drake] Uh, why is words from a decent man Back when I was trying to put a ring on Alicia hand This lost boy got fly without Peter Pan And my delivery has got me buzzing like the Pizza Man In-person I am everything and more I'm everywhere these other niggas never been before But inside I'm treading water, steady trying to swim to shore I'm on a shopping spree to get whatever is in store Yeah, just call me "Shopping Bag Drizzy" Or call me "Mr. Damn, he ain't coppin' that, is he?" And fans that he freshmen, it's about to get iffy While this young'n that you doubted is about to get busy I'ma kill it, I promise, that's how I know ya mad I've always treated my city like some shoulder pads The big homie, use a flash if you must And I swear I ain't asking for much, all I want is the [Chorus - Trey Songz] (Drake & Lil Wayne) I want the money, money and the cars Cars and the clothes, the hoes, I suppose I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful (D: yeah, that's all I want man) I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful (W:you gotta tell 'em Trey) I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful [Drake talking] Yeah, it's like I, it's like I know what I wanna say I just don't know how to say it... to you [Verse 4 - Lil Wayne] Uh Pardon the swag, but bitch it's Car-tey Long bread, I don't eat shortcake, how come I can't miss a woman like I can't miss court dates Cheese, but she's not in this portrait And yeah, life's fine, but I don't portray I'm on the other side, but it is a short gate I don't want the glow, I want the glo-ray And I'ma fuck the world, but this is just foreplay Tired of hearing bullshit, bring on the cow shit Haven't met a smell that's stinkier then our shit Haha, and that's word to Toronto So high up, I got birds in the condo Ha, ain't that a female dog Ask her who I am to her, and she yell "God" Weezy Baby, I go re-al hard No further details boy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drake f/ Lil Wayne, Santogold Album: So Far Gone Song: Unstoppable Typed by: moe.online@gmail.com [Verse 1: Drake] My name is Drizzy And I ain't perfect But I work hard So I deserve it And I belong Right where you see me Ain't on the fence about it, I ain't mister fenny I got a descent set of manners And a job that fills up any empty schedule or planner And I fall in love with girls Caught up in superficial glammer Who dress like Sara Jessica And live like Princess Diana So often they have addictions And I'm the one that will feed it But truly you bad enough That you don't even really need it You could show at the party On dirty public transit And I guarantee the cameraman will still be snapping candids Of you and your possie partying Drinking what you get handed With your virgin island tans All looking like you just landed I don't really understand it I'm not sure I'm comprehending But these girls are having fun with whoevers money they spending screaming [Chorus - Santigold (2x)] I Got To Be Unstoppable [2x] Ay Ay Ay Ay You Don't Lie [2x] [Verse 2 - Lil Wayne] Ehhhm, My name is Wezzy I'm almost perfect And I work harder than hard working Bizarre circus That's where my bar surface Therefore I act a clown Even when I laying on my back I'm never backing down So over stand me I got a condo in Miami And my door mat is always sandy And I run Louisiana But I never pulled a hammy And I got a condo in Atlanta And I always wear a bandanna And when it comes down to stunting You boys are just buttoning And I'm swinging for the fence Your girl hanging from my dick Your girl singing to my shit like A loli-loli-lollipop She say I get that pussy wetter than a dasani shop And she say I pick that pussy better  Better than her gynecologist Hoe just text me whenever you want some more dick More dick Old bitch Young bitch But I be like damn All I got is one dick [Chorus - Santigold] I Got To Be Unstoppable [2x] Ay Ay Ay Ay You Don't Lie [2x]  [Santigold] I got the talk The beat and bass Give me one I'll take it Make you lose your place Tell me I-I-I can play So I speed up the pace I break it break it you can't stop me In this ra-race [Chorus - Santigold (2x)] I Got To Be Unstoppable [2x] Ay Ay Ay Ay You Don't Lie [2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drake f/ Bun B, Lil Wayne Album: So Far Gone Song: Uptown Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Lil Wayne - Intro] Yah... Uh-huh... [Drake - Verse 1ne] Uh... hardly home but always reppin... You hardly on and always second... When I'm awake, you always restin... And when they call you the answer, you are hardly ques-tion I, I'm doin classic shit in all my sessions Other niggas' situations, they are all depressin  That's why I never follow y'all suggestions  I just always did my own thang  Now I run the game, you stupid mutha-suckas  I see all these money through my +Ohio State Buckeyes+  Shit been goin good, but good can turn to better  'Cause you the type to lose 'er, and I'm about to get 'er.... [Chorus: Drake] It's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay  You can run and tell your friends that I'm on I'm on, I'm on, I'm on, I'm on, I'm on Best believe I understand it's okay, it's okay, it's okay It's okay, it's okay, it's okay  You can run and tell my city I'm on I'm on, I'm on, I'm on, I'm on, c'mon You can run and tell my city it's on [Drake - Verse 2wo] Yeah... wrong way down a one-way  Women don't get saved 'round me, even on a Sunday Damn, where I get it from? These niggas always wonder who  Then they meet my pop and tell 'em, "Drake is just a younger you"  And shawty wanna party, so don't let yo' girl up out the house  or there'll be shots on TMZ of me givin her mouth-to-mouth..  Now she's famous and the paparazzi starts to shoot her I drive two black cars, I named 'em Malcolm X and Martin Luther I don't ever play, but I'm in the game la-dy  They just lose to +love+, those are tennis games, lady  Have you countin money, goin duffle bag crazy  Sippin on Pink Floyd and puffin Wayne Braaaa-dy Damn, +Whose Line is it Anyways?+  I'm in the daze, you been amazed  Y'all seem to be stuck on that beginner stage I'm on fire, yup I've been a blaze  I got dough to blow, but I wanna blow it right, you look nice  and yo' frame, makes me wanna bowl a strike, well alright  Guess I might, know what? Fuck it, yes I will  I am more than what you bargained for and nothin less than real  Put it to ya life [Bun B - Verse 3hree] Bun B, king of the trill, also one of the dop-est  Whether the streets or on the mic, I'm dope and yes I'm foc-used  The gangsta recognize me for my loc-ness, no joke, it's  time to shake these haters off like the skin of a lo-cust  or maybe like a py-thon, that's the type o' shit I'm, on  I wrote this on my i-Phone, so let me drop this i-Bomb  I, palm the game like it's a Spalding ball and take, flight  from the free-throw line and slam it down like I'm the great Mike  Bun n' Wayne n' Drake in here, manye this gon' be a great night  Look at all these posers bite our swagger like a great white Try to cross me over I just fake left, then I break, right  Stupid animal tricks like David Letterman's Late Night  This that major moment you've been waitin on for too, long  The best that ever did it and doin it on a new, song UGK and Young, Mone,y too strong  Bound to be in the green like a crou-ton, so what the fuck is YOU, on? [Lil Wayne - Verse 4our] Yeeeeeeh...yaaaaehh... I am the leather jacket, black glasses, All-American bad boy  I own the swagga supermarket and you - you just a bag boy  'cause I got that swag boy, the swag you never have boy  Hate and I will leave ya chest the color of my flag, boy  Su-woo bitch, I do this shit  I'll erase you like I drew you, bitch  And I keep that toasta, you can come and be my strudel, BIIIIIITCH~! I'm so Uptown! and mutha-FUCKA if you ain't, don't +GO+ Uptown, yeaaaah-AHH!! And now I'm on dat rock shit But why they let me in? I'ma start shootin in a moshpit Haha! FUCK is you talkin bout?!  weezy in ya mouth now, Weezy whatchu talkin booooooooooouuuuut Young Mula, bayy-BAAAAAAAAAAAY~! [Lil Wayne - Outro] Yah... Uh-huh... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: E-40 f/ Hot Boys Album: Charlie Hustle: Blueprint of a Self-Made Millionaire Song: Look at Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [E-40]	BEYOTCH! Whas happenin, whas happenin? You got to love this yere nigguh My boys, my Hot Boys Juve and ?? Bout to lace this game nigga Do it the way we do it with E-4-0 Charlie Hustle [B.G.] Look, I went from rags to riches, stank hoes to bad bitches Stealin niggaz cars to TV's in Expeditions Thuggin is how I play it everyday all day I keep it all the way real I can't see it no other way I represent mines, Hot Boys Slip up my whole click rides, get shot boy That's how it go; we straight do or die - we checkmate holdin niggaz Then come where yo' momma lay down and kick in the do' nigga 	(Juvenile! Juvenile! Juvenile!) [Juvenile] Let's get this shit cracklin My probation officer's gonna know what happened Stay out the way I'm H-O-T and bout that action Hooded up with dem slugs and face-maskin, camouflage fashion I'm all about that luxury (luxury) - I'm also bout puttin 50 in yo' head boy if you thinkin bout fuckin me I'ma be here fo' a minute (what else?) you gotta respect it (uh-huh) There's a lot of niggaz out here gettin killed to accept it [E-40]	BEYOTCH! Chorus: E-40 and Hot Boys (repeat 2X) Freezer burn platinum on my pinkie (LOOK AT ME) Squattin twenty inch Twinkies (LOOK AT ME) I'm like that! It's like that! WHAT? I'm like that! It's like that! (LOOK AT ME) [E-40] Charlie Hustle on it in the fast lane, drivin slow with a case of tall cans and some broccoli and a bad-ass hoe Squattin four times ga-uh gold Zenith wides and vogues Bout snuffin down, right next to me, is the call from the frogs Uhh - sound system on bloo-blam-blam Puffin on the doobie almost grubbed, dang it burnt in my lap Smokin trees with the window up (windows up) Traffic backed up, middle finger up I don't associate or surround myself with C.I.'s  Confidential Informants snitches affadavits stool pigeons Marks simple Simon sucker sap simps I be kickin it real tough with the, P.I.'s, hustlers, tycoons Gangsters killers that might not even look like with trophies up under they shelf, sky ballers, all kind of Benzes Player type individuals, thugged out times a thousand Those nigguh-ish niggaroles lieutenants bosses, gazillionaires New millenium wars high rollers real as hoodlums thugs House parties strip joints gamblin shacks and hole in the wall clubs [E-40]	BEYOTCH! Chorus [Baby] Man, it's like neighborhood shit with a gangster bitch So get yo' paper straight nigga and go and buy some shit TV's inside when I ride bitch And I'ma hide these hoes behind limo tints Fulfill my dreams I'm a rich bitch And when I hit yo' hood I'ma blind a bitch Shine, tape sellin got me buyin shit Dyin? Gon' be here past ninety-nine, slick Rewind, these hoes back to time slick So nigga slap that bitch, bat that batch Kick her in the ass and tell that hoe Hot Boy in this bitch So nigga fuck that bitch, tell her suck yo' dick [Lil' Wayne] Now, now Here come the youngest, Wayne, you can call me Weezy Flyin up the interstate in a Lamborghini Police right behind me, I'm drivin too fast I pull over on the grass, they want my autograph I flipped off ki's, I get my G's I spit my 3's if you twist my cheese I'm duckin white sheets and I avoid the Feds If you think that you can stop us - boi go auhead Chorus [E-40]	BEYOTCH! [Juvenile] E-Feezy and the HB's in this motherfucker man (the Hot Boys) Juvenile (Bosco) you heard about me The B.G. (uh-huh) the number one stun'na (uh-huh, uh-huh) Baby Thirty-Two Gold ya heard me? The Bay Area, and the U-P-T (uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh) We connected nigga, you gotta respect it It's off the heezy Uhh, uhh (what, BEYOTCH!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Drake, Kanye West, Lil Wayne Album: Relapse: Refill/More Than a Game Soundtrack Song: Forever Typed by: rndboi92@yahoo.com  [Hook: Drake] It may not mean nothin to y'all But understand nothin was done for me So I don't plan on stoppin at all I want this shit forever mayne, (ever mayne, ever mayne) I'm shuttin shit down in the mall And tellin every girl she the one for me And I ain't even plannin to call I want this shit forever mayne, (ever mayne, ever mayne)  [Drake] Last name ever, first name greatest Like a sprained ankle boy, I ain't nothin to play wit Started off local but thanks to all the haters I know G-4 pilots on a first name basis Any city faded off the brown, +Nino+ She insist she got more class, we know Swimmin in the money, come and find me, +Nemo+ If I was at the club you know I ball, chemo Dropped the mixtape, that shit sounded like a album Who'd a thought a country wide tour be the outcome Labels want my name beside a X like +Malcolm+ Everybody gotta deal, I did it without one Yeah, nigga I'm about my business Killin all these rappers, you would swear I had a hitlist Everyone who doubted me is askin for forgiveness If you ain't been a part of it, at least you got to witness Bitches  [Hook: Drake] It may not mean nothin to y'all But understand nothin was done for me So I don't plan on stoppin at all I want this shit forever mayne, (ever mayne, ever mayne) I'm shuttin shit down in the mall And tellin every girl she the one for me And I ain't even plannin to call I want this shit forever mayne, (ever mayne, ever mayne)  [Kanye West] I used to have hood dreams, big fame. big chains I stuck my dick inside this life until that bitch came And went hard all fall like the ball teams Just so I can make it rain, offspring Y'all seen my story, my glory Y'all had raped the game young, you can call it statutory When a nigga blow up they gon build statues for me Old money, Benjamin Button (what?) nothin man Now super bad chicks givin me +McLovin+ You would think I ran the world like Michelle's husband You would think these niggas know me when they really doesn't Like they was down with the old me, no you fuckin wasn't Um, your'e such a fuckin loser He ain't even go to class, +Bueller+ Trade the grammy plaques, just to have my granny back 'member she had that bad hip like a fanny pack Chasin the stardom will turn you to a maniac All the way in hollywood and I can't even act They pull the cameras out, and God damn he snap I used to want this thing forever, you can have it back  [Hook: Drake] It may not mean nothin to y'all But understand nothin was done for me So I don't plan on stoppin at all I want this shit forever mayne, (ever mayne, ever mayne) I'm shuttin shit down in the mall And tellin every girl she the one for me And I ain't even plannin to call I want this shit forever mayne, (ever mayne, ever mayne)  [Lil Wayne] Okay, hello its the martian, Space Jam jordans I want this shit forever, wake up and smell the garden Fresher than the harvest, step up to the target If I had one guess then I guess I'm just New Orleans And I will never stop like I'm runnin from the cops Hop up in my car and told my chaffuer "to the top" Life is such a fuckin roller coaster then it drops But what should I scream for? this is my theme park My mind shine even when my thoughts seem dark Pistol on my side, you don't wanna hear that thing talk Let the king talk, check the price and pay attention Lil Wayne, that's what they gotta say or mention I'm like Nevada in the middle of the summer I'm restin in the lead, I need a pillow and a tucker My foots sleepin on the gas No brake pads, no such thing as last, uh  [Hook: Drake] It may not mean nothin to y'all But understand nothin was done for me So I don't plan on stoppin at all I want this shit forever mayne, (ever mayne, ever mayne) I'm shuttin shit down in the mall And tellin every girl she the one for me And I ain't even plannin to call I want this shit forever mayne, (ever mayne, ever mayne)  [Eminem] There they go Packin stadiums as Shady spits his flow Nuts they go Macadamian, they go so ballistic, whoa He can make them look like bozo's He's wonderin if he should spit this slow FUCK NO, go for broke This cup just runneth over, almost He ain't had a reproach like this Since the last time that he overdosed They been waitin patiently for Pinnochio to poke his nose Back into the game and they kno Rap will never be same as before Bashin in the brains of these hoes And establishin the name as he goes The passion in the flame is ignited You can't put it out once we light it This shit is exactly what the fuck That im talkin about when we riot You dealin wit a few true villains Who stand inside of a booth, truth spillin And spit true feelins until our truth feelins Come flyin up outta our mouth, now rewind it Pay back motherfucker for the way that you got at me, how's it taste?  When I slap the taste outta ya mouth Wit the bass so loud that it shakes the place I'm Hannibal Lector so just in case you're thinkin of saving face You ain't gon have no face to save by the time I'm thru with this place, so Drake  [Hook: Drake] It may not mean nothin to y'all But understand nothin was done for me So I don't plan on stoppin at all I want this shit forever mayne, (ever mayne, ever mayne) I'm shuttin shit down in the mall And tellin every girl she the one for me And I ain't even plannin to call I want this shit forever mayne, (ever mayne, ever mayne) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Lil Wayne Album: Recovery Song: No Love Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: samples from "What is Love" by Haddaway] "Love, love..." {*lighter clicks*} "Love, love, love..." {*Eminem humming*} "Don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more, no more" "Love, love.." [Lil Wayne] Young Money, yeah, uhh Throw dirt on me, and grow a wildflower But it's fuck the world, get a child out her Yeah my life a bitch, but you know nothin 'bout her Been to hell and back, I can show you vouchers I'm rollin sweets, I'm smokin sour Married to the game, but she broke her vows That's why my bars, are full of broken bottles And my nightstands, are full of open bibles Uhh, I think about more than I forget But I don't go around fire expectin not to sweat And these niggaz know I'll lay 'em down, make your bed Bitches try to kick me while I'm down, I'll break your leg Money outweighin problems on a triple-beam I'm stickin to the script, you niggaz skippin scenes Uhh, be good or be good at it Fuckin right I got my gun, semi-Cartermatic Yeah, put the dick in they mouth so I guess it's fuck what they say I'm high as a bitch, up up and away, man I'll come down in a couple of days Okay, you want me up in a cage? Then I'll come out in beast mode I got this world stuck in a safe, combination is the G-code It's Weezy motherfucker, blood gang and I'm in bleed mode All about my do' but I don't even check the peep-hole So you could keep knockin, but won't knock me down No love lost, no love found [Chorus: Eminem] + (Lil Wayne) It's a little too late, to say that you're sorry now You kicked me when I was down, but what you say just don't {"Don't hurt me"} (That's right) It don't {"Don't hurt me"} (I don't need you) no more (Don't wanna see ya) {"No more"} (huh, bitch you get no) You get no {"Love"} You showed me nothin but hate, you ran me into the ground But what comes around goes around, around and you don't {"Don't hurt me"} (That's right) You don't {"Don't hurt me"} (and I don't need you) no more (Don't wanna see ya) {"No more"} (hah, bitch you get no) You get no [Interlude] No loooove (no!) no loooove (no!) no loooove (no!) no loooove [LW] Hah, bitch you get no [Em] You get no No loooove (no!) no loooove (no!) no love [LW] And I don't need you {"No more"} get 'em! [Eminem] I'm alive again, more alive than I have been in my whole entire life, I can see these people's ears perk up as I begin to spaz with the pen I'm a little bit sicker than, most, shit's finna get thick again They say the, competition is stiff but I get a hard dick from this shit now stick it in I ain't never givin in again, caution to the wind, complete freedom Look at these rappers how I treat 'em, so why the fuck would I join 'em when I beat 'em? They call me a freak cause I like to spit on these pussies 'fore I eat 'em Man get these wack cocksuckers off stage, where the fuck is Kanye when you need him? Snatch the mic from him, bitch I'ma let you finish in a minute, yeah that rap was tight but I'm 'bout to spit the greatest verse of all time so ya might wanna go back to the lab tonight and um scribble out them rhymes you were gonna spit and start over from scratch and write new ones But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference  when I rip the stage and tear it in half tonight, it's an adrenaline rush you feel the bass thump from the place all the way to the parking lot fellow Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd, you can see the sparks from hot metal Cold-hearted, from the day I Bogarted the game, my soul started to rot fellow When I'm not even at my harshest, you can still get roasted cause Marsh is not mellow 'Til I'm topplin from the top I'm not gonna stop, I'm standin on my Monopoly board That means I'm on top of my game and it don't stop 'til my hip don't hop anymore When you're so good that you can't say it cause it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore People just get sick cause you spit, these fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore  And you could never break my stride, you'll never slow the momentum at any moment I'm 'bout to blow, you'll never take my pride, I'm killin the flow, slow venom any opponent is gettin no, mercy mark my words, ain't lettin up, relentless I smell blood I don't give a fuck! Keep givin 'em hell, where was you when I fell and needed help up? You get no love [Chorus] w/ minor variations [Outro] No loooove (no!) no loooove (no!) no loooove (no!) no loooove [LW] Hah, bitch you get no [Em] You get no No loooove (no!) no loooove (no!) no love [LW] And I don't need ya {"No more"} [LW] Hah, bitch you get no [Em] You get no {"Love, love..."} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fabolous f/ Lil Wayne Album: Diamonds (White Label) 12" * Song: Diamonds (Alternate Version) Typed by: damez7@gmail.com * pre-release version of "Diamonds" before "From Nothin' to Somethin'" [Intro] Diamonds on my damn chain! It ain't hard to tell! Diamonds in my damn chain! Diamonds in my damn chain! I'm like ooh daddy, I see you with that damn thang' Not my fault, I'm feelin' ya campaign I like you but, I really like your damn chain! Diamonds in my damn chain! Diamonds in my damn chain! It kinda explains the way she be actin' She liked my necklace so she started relaxin' Now that's what the fuck I call a chain reaction! [Verse 1 - Fabolous] Yo, you think you like me now, wait until the light hit me I bet they house somebody girl spend the night with me They gota love it, if not, then I guess they haters This kinda necklace turn on the investigators They ain't got one problem with this Square facewatch lookin Sponge Bob on the wrist One white, one gold, one nice, untold You can look but don't touch, Guns might unload, now I respect them thugs who get they jackin' on But we squeeze set every slug that we be packin's long Ya boy got the drug money we be stackin on Lotta carrots, not the one's Bugs Bunny snackin' on Got em, get em close and, lookin' like I scooped up- -the Titanic chain, from the bottom of the ocean I play them diamonds well when I got dat jewelery on And she called me Karat Jeter, maybe Canary Bonds [Verse 2 - Lil Wayne] Ahh! My name is Weezy F Baby! Oww! I usually don't do this, ha! Ok, I'm lyin' Cuz these diamonds of mine, just sparkle like wine I'm easy to find, In the darker night time I get so much attention from ya' eyes, like signs I'm, kushed out my mind, Patron shots with lime My necklace is a crime And that bitch fine, what that girl name I call my jeweller over tell her; "Make that girl a chain!" I take that girl to Spain, she can't pronounce a thang' And she got her girlfriend on the side like fame The fetish is Louiane, I'm bombin' like Hussein But I'm that fire, now I swallow my Butane Residin' on a plane, the sky is my domain I'm in and out the country, passports, and sweat-shorts And tanktops, and sweet thoughts, from sun shades, and private airports And of course... (Watchu got boy), I got... [Verse 3 - Fabolous] Yo, maybe it's them VV's, cuz' they sets Susters' Sit on the next bus like that show on MTV The waves on the chain, make a nigga fly like the wings on a plane When you sittin in between 'em Even when you clean em', Glitenin' when you see 'em Beemin' through the tints when I'm sittin in the "Phenom"' Oops! I mean Phantom, my words got tangled man But this tiger striped watch'll make ya bitch a Bengals fan We all know Jacob, check the shit he did He spent more time, "Making The Band" than Diddy did You feel my campaign, then drop your old spouse I'm out in DC, at the "White and Gold House" (White and Gold House)... Wanna convince me love, Secret Service meet with some of that Lewinsky love She saw the chain, baby brain, no strain ever since Now that's what the fuck I call a real "Chain of Events"! Nigga [Outro] Diamonds on my damn chain! It ain't hard to tell! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fabolous f/ Lil Wayne Album: Loso's Way Song: Salute Typed by: skittle9023@yahoo.com [Verse 1 - Fabolous] First off I'm a mother fucking G.en.er.al word to the k shells in this chopper I will p - p - p - p - pop em make it sound like a hellichoppers land on top of this Bitch you want this whopper come and get your beef nigga I'm not a boxer I'm be brief nigga were on top I will put you underneath niggas we will take your whole tribe and I'm the chief nigga your highest title numero uno I'm not that litte pregnant white girl but juno you no anything within a nigga reach my dogs will bite you and guess who the nigga leash I was once told by my nigga meach you feed a sucka he just grow to be a bigger leach so every time you hear mine get your hand to your hairline general [Chorus - Lil Wayne] Yeah I'm in this bitchh sending champagne to my enemys salute or shoot you choose motherfucker bow down till your head touch your shoes motherfucker salute me salute me salute me salute me salute or shoot you choose motherfucker bow down till your head touch your shoes motherfucker Salute Me! {*echoes*} [Verse 2 - Lil Wayne] Uh, now just say hello to the captain And I stay away from magnets cuz the metals what I'm packin Bet yo brains on your shirt will look like jello on a napkin and I promise my fellows will put your fellow on the canvas Call me Weezy F. Baby Young money army, better yet Navy Fab I got'em And watch me get'em And I do'em or I did them And this tool inside my denim I shoot everything but women, and kids Bitch nigga stop bitchin its just how it is Now watch me let that sexy nina kiss you by your ribs You wont be satisfied till I send a missile by your crib Shoot you in the stomach now you pissin out your ears Holly grove all day Bodies in the hallway And If you come searchin Then you're finding out the hard way Uh, no matter where your from You better recognize a real nigga when you see one [Chorus - Lil Wayne] Yeah I'm in this bitchh sending champagne to my enemys salute or shoot you choose motherfucker bow down till your head touch your shoes motherfucker salute me salute me salute me salute me salute or shoot you choose motherfucker bow down till your head touch your shoes motherfucker Salute Me! {*echoes*} [Verse 3 - Fabolous] At second thought I got the heart of a Ssssssolider Ttttttold ya I ain't come to play y'all My mind has gon a.w.o.l. Find it I will pay y'all My money is yay tall okay ya'll A digit stacks is midget mack that mean it's gona stay small Told them I don't see nobody I'm a rappin ray charles (I don't see nobody) I think I need a seein I dog Come to being fly dog You ain't seeing I dog (ok ok ok ok) We sit in here like pollen now Fuck you niggas hollerin now They said I been M - I - A Yea bitch I'm on columns now Leaders dont be followin crowds General like collin powell Water means cary gay Beef is just a style of cow I'm who make the call So dont make me get the dialin out Nick got the cannon yea that nigga be widlin out they ain't ballin these niggaz is fouling out they ain't throwin jabs they just throwin towels out yea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fabolous f/ Lil Wayne Album: The Soul Tape (Mixtape) Song: That's Not Love Typed by: AZ Lyrics That's not love That's not love That's not love [Lil Wayne - Verse 1] Snakes in the grass, so I stay on the pavement Survived the battle with animals and cavemen And dead animals and dead men I'm all in and my only friend is Amen Keep your mouth closed, you wanna know why you die The answer's right under your nose Exposed to the street, in the game I don't cheat I just play my position, get MVP I get money, don't shit come free It's my life and I run it even when Keep my business in my pockets, don't wash with bleach And I never show my hand, not even to me See [Fabolous - Verse 2] Say what's on your heart if you're real Cause the scars you can't see be the hardest to heal And I used to chase money, now I have it brought Cause you can only chase something that you haven't caught If there's a summertime in hell, it's not as hot You empty clip niggaz ain't got a shot These diamonds on my neck are an eyesore Now you decide if their to die for Advice to my haters, do what I say now Report to the nearest roof and take the fast way down Thought it was love, how foolish of us I do me, she do her, sometimes we do eachother [Lil Wayne - Verse 3] Look, as the crooked World revolves Love spelt backwards is evol (evolve) And Evil spelt backwards is live or live And when death comes you better have lives to give I spit that real talk like knives to ribs And rats die ugly, die with kids These niggaz is snitching and still living I hope my words are like razors to the bitches Niggaz pretend like they actually in But when it go down they fuck around and be them That blood look familiar when it's leaking If you scared, go see a Deacon nigga That ain't love [Fabolous - Verse 4] Life is but a dream Ain't always what it seems Meanwhile get your cake red velvet butter cream Raise your glass and lets toast to when we didn't have Hustle plus muscle equal success, I did the math! I see these haters in passing, yeah they 'round I be on the way up, they be on the way down Now I can sit and talk shit like Skip Bayless You looking for these shoes baby you can skip payless Lifestyle A-list, young black and famous Bunch of bad bitches in an Ipod playlist Just another page in my success story I make my worst enemies wish the best for me Artist: Fall Out Boys f/ Kanye West, Lil Wayne, Lupe Fiasco, Travis (Gym Class Heroes) Album: This Ain't a Scene 12" Song: This Ain't a Scene (Remix) Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Travis] Travie! (Uh-oh) Pete, thought I told you What up, Hemmy I see you!  I've had the world at arm's length from the get-go This ain't an arms race, it's Apocalypto The industry's a target, I suggest these labels get low On top of that, this track is cracked like burnt brillo (damn) Consider me the beast of Easter leavened VIP, all day, AK47 If words is weapons, then get to steppin' My arsenal's enough to send Hell's Angels to Heaven I'm cool as the Fonz, and deadly as Charles Bronson I'm Gonzo, you can call me Travie S. Thompson Go 'head, and you can choose a similar path But don't cast yourself up like Sylvia Plath, jeez Watch Travie take the title with ease You want a verse, please, I wouldn't bless you if you sneezed (achoo!) Pardon me, I'm allergic to bullshit  Got a god complex with a full clip (pow!) [Chorus: Patrick] This ain't a scene, it's god-damn arms race! (sing it out loud!) This ain't a scene, it's god-damn arms race! I'm not a shoulder to cry on, but I digress I'm the leadin' man! and the lies I weave are  oh so intricate! oh so intricate! I'm the leadin' man! and the lies I weave are  oh so intricate! oh so intricate! [Kanye West] Now I don't know what the hell this song is talkin' bout Do you? She said Yeah, I been spendin' all day tryin' to figure that out You too? The arms race made 'em raise they arm and race straight to the top Who knew? (who knew?) Right now they got that number one spot, do you want that? (want that?) Me too One thing I gotta call out, boy, take a look at Fall Out Boy Since they ain't black, when they get money, they don't ball out, boy They just buy tight jeans till their nuts hang all out, boy They figure 'Ye dress tight so we gonna dress tighter He dress white so we gone dress whiter So in spite of  Anything you might've  Seen or heard This scene occurred Word [Lupe Fiasco] There's an arms race, like I'm runnin' on my hands A dance marathon on my napalms  And Drop mine's first so that they bombs can't And glocks, lasers, missiles, beat rocks, paper, scissors I built mine's big, better build yours bigger Built mine's quick so I could kill yours quicker The number one supplier, the world's largest equipper The second smallest dier, best non-coexister I pledge allegiance to gasoline and bulletproof limousines And leans on the property of the poor And every night, I pray to the Lords Of War Every man and mac eleven That all good child rebel soldiers go to AK-47 heaven And a landmine in every playground that they step in And you took the footage from the camera on the tips of our bullets And record like former Darfur [push it] [Lil Wayne] Yeah It's Weezy, baby! I am your arms dealer I'm more like an armed dealer Liter- -rally Really, I don't get this song neither But I'ma figure it out like a palm reader And Since I be on TV I turn it on to see me! Hey, I'm so cool, even I wanna be me That was totally off the subject But for me, every song is like pussy so fuck it Like Fresh You dug it (you dug it, you dug it) Artist: Fall Out Boy f/ Lil Wayne Album: Folie  Deux Song: Tiffany Blews Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Patrick Stump] Oh, oh, ooh, oh, oh, oh-oh, oh  Oh, oh, ooh, oh, oh, oh-oh, oh  Oh, oh, ooh, oh, oh, oh-oh, oh  Oh, oh, ooh, oh, oh, oh-oh, oh  [Verse 1ne: Patrick Stump] I'mmmmmm, not a crybaby I'mmmmmm - +the+ crybaby (A caterpillar, that got stuck Mr. Moth, come quick with, any luck) A long walk to a dark hou-ou-hou-ou-house (A Roman candle heart keep us far apart) I've got your body doing alright  Hate me baby, maybe I'm a piece of art  (Oh, my friends all lie and say They only want the best wishes for meeeee... Oh, 3hree, 2wo, 1ne We go live) OHH, baby, you're a classic like a little black dress You're a faded moon, stuck on a little hot mess (Little hot mess) Whoa, whoa And OHH, baby, you're a classic like a little black dress But you'll be faded soon, stuck on a little hot mess (Little hot mess) Whoa, whoaa-oh.. [Verse 2wo: Patrick Stump] I-iiii can, make your heart slow I can feeeel the weather in my bones (Wish hard enough, I can turn it to what I like Your pupils) they're (BIG) Rolling (They're rolling like dice) They say.. (They only want the best wishes for meeeee...) They only want the best for meeeee... (Oh, 3hree, 2wo, 1ne We go live) [Lil Wayne] Not, the, boy, I was The boy I am is just venting, venting Deeeeaaaar gravity You've held me down in this starlit city OH NOT, THE, BOY, I WAS The boy I AM is just venting, venting DEEEEEAAAAR gravity You've held me down in this starlit city [Patrick Stump: Bridge] They say.. (They only want the best wishes for meeeee...) They only want the best for meeeee... (Oh, 3hree, 2wo, 1ne We go live) Whoaa-oh.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fat Joe f/ Lil Wayne Album: The Elephant in the Room Song: The Crackhouse Typed by: dfoots@gmail.com [Intro] I'm sleepin' on a billion dollars! I'm eatin', I'm eatin' I'm sleepin' on a billion dollars! [Verse 1: Fat Joe] Oh no, Oh Joe, he's did it he's back In the back of that black Maybach trippin' Now blow that motherfucking kush up in the sky La la la la la la la Bumpin' that Kanye, you can't tell me nothing, riiight? La la la la la la la la la la Hand on the shotgun, and I'm ridin' shotgun Uzis, banana clips, what what, I got some Bullets are wholesale, food stamps, coupons Yellow mustard Phantom car it Grey Poupon I can make it Pacman Jones in here too long We up a hundred grand whenever I hear a new song C'mon c'mon there's too many ringtones 2.8 whatcha want me to tell ya? Make it rain, Mary Anna go and grab an umbrella Ella, ella, ella, HOLY SHIT! So much coke a nigga have to shovel it So much coke a nigga change his government Now we can all sing along for the fuck of it Crack, crack, crack, crack! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Heeey, this is the crackhouse, welcome to the crackhouse I mean I'm talkin' more pies than a frat house This is a problem, this is not music I hope you find it cuz he about to lose it Joey don't do it, Joey done did it Joey keep doin' it until you're done wit' it Bring em to the crackhouse, show em the crackhouse Take em to the crackhouse, we in the crackhouse [Verse 2: Fat Joe] You gotta touch your toes or I'm out Fuck a club I got a strip pole in my house (yeah!) 6 million ways to make it rain, hold up Conflicts in my chain from Mangola Convicts in my plane when we roll up And they hustle yay NOT VITAMIN WATER Fat cuz I'm so rich, rich cuz I'm so hood Uzi your whole whip, nigga I'm that hood You flow cold but Joe flow sicker Even Reverend Al be like, "Joe's that nigga!" John Gotti, Supreme Team show These are the niggas you compare to Joe, HELLO! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] This is the crackhouse, welcome to the crackhouse I mean I'm talkin' more pies than a frat house This is a problem, this is not music I hope you find it cuz he about to lose it Joey don't do it, Joey done did it Joey keep doin' it until you're done wit' it Bring em to the crackhouse, it's the crackhouse Walk em to the crackhouse, we in the crackhouse [Interlude: Lil Wayne] Get em, Joey just get em Get em, get on them And if they piss you off you shit on them And if they piss you off you shit on them [Verse 3: Fat Joe] Hey Weez just stop right thurr Shit I don't let em go, get the whole block clear These niggas actors, they are not there And there time's tickin' like an Altomare First nigga pop up and we gave him the piece Next nigga pop up leave him under the sheets C'mon papa, you talkin to ME Ain't nobody else runnin' these streets COCKSUCKER! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Heeey, this is the crackhouse, welcome to the crackhouse Man I'm talkin' more pies than a frat house This is the problem, this is not music I hope you find it cuz he about to lose it Joey don't do it, Joey done did it Joey keep doin' it until you're done wit' it Take em to the crackhouse They don't want the crackhouse, they don't want the crackhouse Kick em out the crackhouse The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Fat Joe f/ Lil Wayne Album:The Darkside Vol. 1 Song:Heavenly Father  Typed by:dusan_fresh@hotmail.com [Introduction] Heavenly Father Creator of all things I fumbled and said Was about to become Heavenly Father [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Before I sleep I pray to the lord For a soul to keep And If I should die Before I wake I pray to the lord For a soul to take For goodness sake Before I sleep I pray to the lord For a soul to keep And if I should die Before I wake I pray to the lord My soul to take [Verse 1: Fat Joe] Lord forgive me for the killings in the past All the corrupt business' and dealings that I had All these pregnant ladies that I served up on the ave. Have me feel like I'm Bishop when I held my first GAT They killed Tom right in front of his home They even murrked Skee in my MPV So I dropped to my knees, Why it couldn't be me? Why you had to leave me here with all this ENVY? Even though I got Freedom I feel like I ain't Free Everybody dying tryin' to be something they can't be A couple hundred million is something we'll never see So we speedin' crashin' head first into a tree [Verse 2: Fat Joe] I paid nigga's rents even paid nigga's bails Gave niggas jobs so they wouldn't go to jail Did so much dirt niggas knew I wouldn't tell Paid for some funeral they probably went to hell I don't owe nobody nothing Man, I gave that bitch a mill I ain't beating around the bush I'm just speakin' on what's real I ain't talkin on no bullshit Man, I'm talkin bout what's real I ain't justifying beatings well she cheated on my Nills Cheated with his brother God damn this bitch I'll Probably the reason my niggah left the will Things you'd never know have mercy on his soul BIG PUN One of the most realests I ever known [Verse 3: Fat Joe] When I die know they bury me a G Don't cry for me Just let a Nigga Be In other words let your nigga rest in peace I been going so hard and I barely got sleep Lord, I know my mamma gunna take my passing hard But let her know in these streets her little boy was God Last of the Mohicans I was takin mothafuckas hearts Many wars you can see it in the bullet scars Lord, can you forgive me for my sins? Let me fly with you Help a nigga spread his wings Azarya you forever be my Queen Just know for now Daddy had to go and meet the King [Outro] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fat Joe f/ Lil Wayne Album: Me, Myself, & I Song: Make it Rain Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Fat Joe (Lil Wayne)] Ooooooowwwwwwww! (Ha ha ha, yeah) Scotty (Yeah) let's make it rain on these niggaz (Joey Crack) [Hook - Lil Wayne] Yeah, I'm in this bitch with the Terror Got a handful of stacks better grab an umbrella I make it rain, I make it rain (Oh) I'm in this bitch with the Terror Got a handful of stacks better grab an umbrella I make it rain, I make it rain (Oh), Make it rain on them hoes I make it rain, I make it rain (Oh), I make it rain on them hoes I make it rain, I make it rain (Oh), I make it rain on them hoes I make it rain, I make it rain (Oh), I make it rain on them hoes [Verse 1 - Fat Joe] Cr-cr-crack-crack-crack-crack-crack, you hear that echo, man I seen the best go, cause he ain't had that metal I'm a hustler's hustler, a pusher's pusher You a buster a customer, I get you some cook up Yeah Crack is a chemist, I pack an eleven I'm mackin' the seven, I'll clap at your residence I see you in N-Y, I'll send you an invite You gon' need you a pass, that's the code that we live by [Hook - Lil Wayne] [Bridge - Fat Joe] Ooooooowwwwwwww! Clap, clap, clap Gotta make that ass clap Gotta make that ass clap Clap, clap, clap, clap (Yeah) Gotta make that ass clap (Yeah) Gotta make that ass clap [Verse 2 - Fat Joe] Now why's everybody so mad at the South for Change your style up, switch to southpaw Jada I was listenin' listenin' So I made him an anthem to make some dividends Lil' mama try to hit me with the Shoulder Lean This Cut-Co-Crack and I control the team Couple bricks stacked on that triple beam My dirty bro sippin' that promethazine That gonja green, that Cali Weed A nigga lose his life try roll on me Now yup, yup we get it, no if ands about it And the rain keep fallin' even when it's droughted [Hook - Lil Wayne] [Fat Joe] Mami's body's bangin' she got it man she does it all She gets it poppin' with no hands, I make it pour I make it rain on 'em, I'm layin' game to 'em I got some misses to tattoo my name on 'em Gotta get that baby love, gotta get my paper up Gotta six strap case, that's case guys hate Crack and wanna rain on us And you know what it is yeah it's them powder kids And we know how to biz and we don't give a shit [Hook - Lil Wayne] [Fat Joe ad-libs to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fat Joe f/ Ace Mack, Birdman, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross, R. Kelly, T.I. Album: Make it Rain 12" Song: Make it Rain (Remix) Typed by: efitzpat@gmail.com Whoo!!!!!!! Roxanne, (Its Kels bitches! Owww!) You don't have to turn off your red light... [Fat Joe] Static! Let's make it rain on these niggaz (Remix!) [Lil Wayne] [Hook] Yeah, I'm in this bitch with the terror Gotta handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella I make it rain, I make it rain (Remix!) I'm in this bitch with the terror (We back! Let's go!) Gotta handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella I make it rain, I make it rain I make it rain on them hoes I make it rain, I make it rain (Remix! Remix! We back!) I make it rain, I make it rain on them hoes [R. Kelly] I be drilling these chicks like Major Payne When I make it rain, they be like "Yo... do it again" From the club to the coupe, inside my gates Up in my bedroom screaming each other's name They was perty perty, and I was flirty flirty Lil' dro, lil' bub now they getting' dirty dirty Don't ax me what my name is, stupid bitch I'm famous You gon' make me aim this Leave your ass brainless I'm tryin' to stay R&B But these streets is a part of me So don't get it twisted You see I order one bottle, then I fuck with one model Then I order more bottles, now I got more models I'm from that city where them niggaz don't play mayn I take a chick to my room like caveman So ask your girlfriend my name, I bet she go "Skeet skeet skeet skeet, Weatherman 'bout to make it rain!" [Hook] [Lil Wayne] Blat, blat, blat, blat, hey Joe uh let me git 'em It's young money and we on like the television The weather channel, but I do not broadcast I throw up more cash, and change the forecast Your boyfriend is lame, I make it rain on you He never make it rain, like Southern California Where's your umbrella? Now get your raincoat Baby I make it flood, now you gon' need a boat [Birdman] Fresh to death on 'em We throwin' money on 'em Stay fly, 25s when we ride on 'em Alligator suede, custom with the shades (Stunna shades) Make it snow in the club, bitches know we paid Stay shy rockin' Gucci in the Bentley (Super fly) White rose for my broad on them 23's (Stay fly) Goin' to the club, nigga in a new fleet All red doors up, doin' it like a real G [Hook] [T.I.] Come see me & Crack, in the club flossin' .40 cal in my jacket, 20 stacks in my jeans No, real boss niggaz do real boss things We bout that shit, you just talkin' Young Sam Rothstein, see how with my goons In the 430 down the strip I zoom Gonna drop it day real but I feel like Joe Big glock I carry make a real big BOOM Make moves like a young tycoon I come through like a young typhoon Category 3, don't be category-ing me nigga Like you can get a better salary than me El capitan, game Numero Uno I flood pussy clubs, ask any stripper you know [Ace Mack] Ace mizzy get all the hoes Finna teach them shit they want to know Like fuck that pussy ass 9-4 girl Make that bucket a pot of gold It ain't no money like custom money It ain't no bitch like a hustle bunny Ain't no bitch gettin' none of my money That why the money gotta clip --- to protect it from me She gotta ride for the A, pop for the A Live for the minute or be out for the day Hop the metal while lookin hot in stilettos Gotta rock with a bezzle on the trigger finger Boss bitch of the ghetto, my Spanish Trina Talk shit to a nigga with the 'blama beamed up When I see her gotta handle my business I gotta give her one of these in the back of the team truck [Hook] [Rick Ross] 3:05 in Mi-yayo Hey Khal, call Joe up Let him know I'm bout to roll up I just ran outta money I need to borrow 50 thousand cash Come through baby, make it rain E class on the way to you Gotta a hundred grand for you Triple Cs Oh yeah it's the remix I be reppin my city Blowin hundreds and fiftys If the head right, Ricky there every night Joey I was listenin' Uh, pullin up, spinnin' rims Time to spend some dividends My money they swimmin' in Ross, I'm a boss (I'm a boss) I'm the mayor (I'm the mayor) Make it rain (Make it rain!) on these haters (on these haters!) Get your umbrella fella, cause we blowin' hella chedda, I'm the nigga that you scared of Cause no one can do it better [Fat Joe] Joe Crack  Early 80s crack baby's momma paid me Maybach, fly Mercedes Birth that, drop it baby Them perty ladies, they drive me crazy Them skies is hazy, I'ma pop like 80 Someone tell Mr. Bentley to bring his umbrella Katrina not, its just the one fella Who got dumb chedda, and need a brain surgeon Got me a designated thower, cause my hand's hurtin (Ouch!) I make it rain, it's coca bitch It's not a game, them vatos locos rich Ain't nothing wrong with wanting a happy ending And we don't need a hotel, we park in lot pimpin' Bitch! [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fat Joe f/ Lil Wayne Album: Me, Myself & I Song: The Profit Typed by: taylor.thompson@caroline.com We gettin money man I'll show you how to turn profit In the hood they call me Joey the profit First you cop it Then you cook it Then you chop it What the Fuck boy Bitch ass niggaz They can't stop us We turn a Profit P-P-P-P-Profit the Profit We make a P-P-P-P-Profit, Profit Yeah in the hood they call me Joey the profit If you listen close my niggaz you bound to see a profit [1st Verse] I'm New York's living legend The streets know me well Stand in the line of fire It's going to be hell You dancin wit the devil Tonight's your last night Picture me Lil's Eazy E Pistol Fahrenheit LA County got work in Slawson We get it poppin Back to Roxbury in Boston The streets love me See they named me coca The Puerto Rican version of La Costra Nostra You can find me in the kitchen with me apron on Something like the chef, yeah I get my Raekwon on Joey the Mayor I get Keys to the city And I got 'em cheap the whole hood could come with me Nigga [2nd Verse: Lil Wayne] I'm getting money I'm the president Junior And in the hood they call me Weezy the future And everybody that's around me ull shoot ya And nigga my band let 'em blow like twofers yeah Clap I got em, I GGG got 'em I got em, yep Cook I got em, I GGG got 'em I got em, yep And in the hood they call me Weezy the future If listen close my nigga you might see the future Young Wayne in the building Where your stove at Cook 'em up Strap 'em down Where the road at I'm strapped up plenty bullets Nigga hold that Now you step in out in led shower where your robe at I knock your earth off Damn where ya globe at Fuck the coach I keep shooting like Kobe The money knows me better then anybody Bitch I'm paid forget about it I'm sitting in the coupe wit the tities outted The nipples chrome Or that big black thing wit the slippers on that bullshit Dippin' on them bitches Get off dick You soft pricks I'm from New Orleans Homeless but don't forget The sun even shines on dark shit And dawg I've been hustlin since the day I was barkin I walk in this bitch like what it do The money home Stop hatin' Get your money on Nigga [Chorus] - 2X [3rd Verse] This year all star weekend was off the chain Literally niggaz comin' off wit them chains Put the Desi to his chest Homey going die tonight Then his jaw dropped like Napoleon dynamite Jack boy I been since I'm a toddler My Dad was sleeping I was running through his pockets Oh yeah you ready for war then what's stopping you I hope you know them Bentley doors not chopper proof And they go Br R-RR Ta Tat Just like them bullets dancin' Come up short wit my doe I'm bout to pull a Manson Take your kids for ransom Yeah it's Payback Nigga Next time I front you some birds you better pay Crack What shit - I don't know nothing He might be the police coming up with assumptions All I know is this nigga hear is about to meet god If you don't bring me some keys or bring me fifty large The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fat Joe f/ Lil Wayne, Ron Browz Album: Jealous Ones Still Envy (J.O.S.E. 2) Song: Winding on Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Ron Browz] Ay! Ay Ayyyy Ether boy [Chorus: Ron Browz] She got in the front, I took a step back She threw it on me, I ain't expect that She a dancer, she can make it clap I'm in the zone now, I think it's a wrap She's windin on me, she's windin on meee Windin on me, she's windin on meee Windin on me, windin on meee Windin on me, she's windin on meee [Fat Joe - over Chorus at first] Coka~! New York I got you niggaz Aowwwww! Now I can throw it up, watch it fall on her head Or I could drop it on the floor and watch her crawl in the bread Them niggaz ain't Crack (Crack) I been shakin the feds Them niggaz ain't Crack (Crack) now you can take it in lead She's windin on me, grindin on meee Momma see I'm tryin to fuck, so what's it gon' be? Got me in my zone now, I'm sippin slowly You could bet the whole house, she gon' blow me Maybe cause she know me and I'm lit up like the flares on the bottle See you been in {?} by the size of them goggles Keep dumpin cash right out of the Louis bag If I could bottle it up, I'd sell you my swag [Lil Wayne] Hah~! It go oooooh, girl, I love you so But I put money way above you though Nasty by nature, human vibrator Just hope that I don't spit you out as soon as I taste ya I'm cool as lemonade at a sunday picnic I'll break your girl off and you are not Mr. Fix-it Huh, so she called me to make it juicy for her And I'ma beat it, like I produced it for her Hot as Lucifer, make that thing right juicy for us Gimme 'bout a week I'ma have a prostitute named Boostin for us So many women be like "Weezy please seduce it for us" Then after I do they be like "Please play that acoustic for us" Ha ha! I'm an undercover lover And if she backed up I am Joseph the Plumber Hehehe, you can find it on me And since she love my teardrops she be windin on meee [Fat Joe - over Chorus] Uhh, yeah, yeah That's what I'm talkin about Aowwwww! Now e'ry time I go and put the TV on I hear somebody tryin to speak on Crack (Crack) Now we gon' let the haters keep hatin cause the money stay growin and them niggaz {?} even be strapped You gotta put it on me, wings on the 'rrari Burnin down that turnpike, puffin on that Marley Niggaz know the sneaker game, a fresh pair of Barkleys Everybody reppin but we see them niggaz hardly This is on my bitches, pants stay fatter than delicious Know they only schemin on my riches like the hard rock, baby got a nigga hard rock Yellow drop head hard top, vroooom! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fat Joe f/ The Game, Lil Wayne Album: The Elephant in the Room Song: You Ain't Sayin' Nothing Typed by: oo70mar@mail.com [The Game] Cool & Dre (This) Black game (Is) Terror Squad (I, I, I, I, I) The remix [Lil Wayne] Gotta say my name Weezy F. Baby (This is) Weezy F. Baby Aka it's the remix baby Now let me get into it And do it how I do it Yeah, long hair don't care like the jewish Garbage man I'll be dumpin And I eat beef but the cow eat nuthin You probably say I didn't when I did Or I wasn't when I was And I'm not when I'm is You and yo homies wack You probably had too much of that corny yack So watch where ya goin And know where you at Cause me and my goonz don't know you like that Never been a sucka Metal in the duffle I'm all about my chips I gets my ruffles Joey I got ya B boy bluffing I'm doin the Hulk Hogan but they ain't sayin nuthin [Chorus: Fat Joe] You ain't sayin nuthin I be spendin euros by the pound I'm talkin London If it ain't about some millions boy you ain't sayin nuthin, you ain't sayin nuthin Actin like you tough, when it go down you go to runnin Boy you ain't sayin nuthin (If it ain't about money, money) You ain't sayin nuthin (If it ain't bout money, money) You ain't sayin nuthin (If it ain't bout money, money) You ain't sayin nuthin (If it ain't bout money, money) [The Game] Ayo macho, check it (You ain't sayin nuthin) (If it ain't bout money, money) I gotta pocket full of benjamins and I'm so cold My neck froze like a penguin, somewhere in England Waitin for my little duffle bag girl to land, with duffle bag in hand It's louis vuitton and She flyer than a eagle Hood like a regal She make my deposit, my closet is fresh segal I rain terror, yes I rain terror, Put my name on ya mind my style is New Era I been down in miami, sippin ballets with Khaled I gotta secret to tell that boy ain't from Cali He from mars Flow sicker than sars Tore into his cars My dunk sittin bigger than yours I got, big gunz, real big gunz Spit like a dominican I call dat shit Big Pun And any nigga that's a enemy to crack is a enemy to me Terror Squad and the P. [Fat Joe] We on that B.S. but you can call it T.S. Cause we be iced the fuck out, when you see us (yeah) We on that B.S. but you can call it ts (This is the g-mix) Cause we be iced the fuck out, when you see us (coca, ouhooooo, crack) Uh oh uh oh oh oh joey This nigga got ya for his chain but you told me He was phony but we didn't wanna listen Knowing all alone that this nigga was a victim They ain't sayin nuthin Let me tell you somethin Terror squad we be that fuckin clique that you can trust in You heard game his enemy's my enemy Young buck callin me he wanna be a friend of me My hearts empty (empty) So don't tempt me (Tempt me) That red dot on the glock will blow ya memory (whaaaa) You got money we got money who cares Now where you guys at I been lookin everywhere [Fat Joe] You ain't sayin nuthin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Flo Rida f/ Lil Wayne Album: Mail On Sunday Song: American Superstar Typed by: rndboi92@excite.com [Lil Wayne] * singing* Look at me bitch Look at me bitch Look at me bitch I'm an american superstarrr [Hook] (Flo Rida) I got guns for the snitches Roses for the bitches Hop up out the whip, papparazzi takin pictures (Lil Wayne) I got guns for the snitches And roses for the bitches Hoppin out the whip, papparazzi takin pictures (Flo Rida) Got guns for the snitches Roses for the bitches Hop up out the whip, papparazzi takin pictures (Lil Wayne) I got guns for the snitches Roses for the bitches Hoppin out the whip, papparazzi takin pictures [Flo Rida] Heavy metal for them boys, pleny petals for them gals Gotta appetite for destruction, you can call me ??? Ask me bout what a nigga done done Ask me bout what a nigga do well Ask me bout where them bricks come from  Thats what a snitch nigga do, they tell I don't want nothin to do wit that there If its a lick then I'm bringin them shells Only position for me is a player Thats rite player, betta get it right player Might have to be an emergency Lucky for you I'm up blowin my trees Calmin my nerves, no regular weed Or somebodys shorty wit me, on her knees I'm ready if its a problem, she sexy, Flo Rida hotter Come test me get that revolver, Ya messy just like a mobster My broads deserve lobster, you're flawed, deserve choppers Get served like Jimmy Hoffa, American showstoppa [Hook] (Lil Wayne) I got guns for the snitches And roses for the bitches Hoppin out the whip, papparazzi takin pictures (Flo Rida) Got guns for the snitches Roses for the bitches Hop up out the whip, papparazzi takin pictures (Lil Wayne) I got guns for the snitches Roses for the bitches Hoppin out the whip, papparazzi takin pictures, like look at me bitch, look at me bitch [Lil Wayne] *ad-libs *Young Mulaa Babayyyyy!* I got money on money on money on money On top of more money, on top of my shit like FLIES Open that Ferrari F-5 like EYES Bumpin down Ocean Drive Jumpin out that maybach wit a bitch, went back to tease them thighs She gotta tattoo on her booty and it said 305 DJ Khaled say its a movie now don't forget yo lines Cuz you don't want me to edit, before we roll them credits Bitch give me my credit, I'm so energetic I'm fuckin like a rabbit, smokin on lettuce Whatever I want i get it, i meant it if I said And I say I keep a pump, and I ain't talkin unleaded If you want it come get it, cuz boy I'm ready I get that fast 'fetti, they should call me Tom Petty Got two bitches, one peanut butter one jelly I'm a american gangsta, already And I'ma (american superstarrr) [Hook] (Flo Rida) I got guns for the snitches Roses for the bitches Hop up out the whip, papparazzi takin pictures (Lil Wayne) I got guns for the snitches And roses for the bitches Hoppin out the whip, papparazzi takin pictures (Flo Rida) Got guns for the snitches Roses for the bitches Hop up out the whip, papparazzi takin pictures (Lil Wayne) I got guns for the snitches Roses for the bitches Hoppin out the whip, papparazzi takin pictures [Lil Wayne] *singing* I'm an american superstarrr, yea I'm an american superstarrr, yeaaaa I'm an american superstarrr, yea baby I'm an american superstarrr ha ha ha heeeeh [Fade to End] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Flo Rida f/ Lil Wayne Album: Fresh I Stay Pt. 2 (S) Song: Fresh I Stay Pt. 2 Typed by: AZ Lyrics Silver dollar fresh I stay I'll be fresh all day, yeah yeah Silver dollar fresh I stay I'll be fresh always, yeah yeah [repeated] [Flo Rida: Verse 1] Money in my pocket We be talking I be quiet They go again smelling I wanna buy it Shawty think I'm fresh I make em wet like fire hydrant I be on that fly go from passenger to pilot Point it out like gimme that Point it out like gimme that Point it out like gimme that, gimme that, gimme that Why do I be stuntin' to be honest I don't know Hundred after Hundred I don't know I love it l-l-l-l love it I got a problem Its nothin nothin nothin nothin I'm poppin collars Last week I flossed on em, bitch I made a movie How you doin? where you been? Hello to my groupies! Swagga to the moonman, Gwap in my two hands You can eat the fruit loops wrist full of Tucan's All types of colors, We family like brothers My cash in my clean-cake, I throw it out the other I stay.. [Lil Wayne: Verse 2] Man I got bitches in my home and bitches on my phone I'm like can you call me back because SportsCenter is on I dont mean to come off wrong But man my money long I say man my money long Call me stretch Armstrong Big ass chain on my junk yard dog shit viagra swagga, fuck all yeall shit haha, Mike stop the beat Hear the money talk and it talking about me White boy fresh...skinny ass pants But I ball hard like scouts in the stands I just sit around my house and blow an ounce like a fan I flip one of these niggas like Jackie Chan I aint worry bout em I just ball out, Man I'm too cold lemme thaw out Im so Young Money... I got dumb money Bookoo bread but a bitch can't get a crumb from me [Flo Rida: Verse 3] Money in my pocket he ain't coming back to life I gave her CPR blow thirty shooting dice I'm married to the cash like somebody throwing rice And I'm married to the cash I just had to say it twice Tell me I ain't stuntin nah Tell me I ain't stuntin nah Tell me I ain't stuntin nah, nah, nah, nah, nah... Put on for my city and I do it like I'm supposed to Ballin' like when Britney cut her hair I cut the checks fool I do that d-d-d-do that I'm about my business Like who that who-who-who that pushin the Bentley Everybody staring thats Mister McLaren Loco con dinero like-like I was speaking spanish Shine like a Disco Dimes think it's Crystal Said she gotta twin then you know I'm callin Brisco I aint drink that Dom-P I aint drink that Dom-P Them [?] spill my bottle on my parley adore jeans The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Flo Rida f/ Lil Wayne Album: Wild Ones Song: Let it Roll, Part 2 Typed by: AZ Lyrics Love is nice when it's understood Even nicer when it makes you feel good You got me trippin' why I love you so Come on baby, let the good times roll Come on baby, let the good times roll Come on baby, let the good times roll Come on baby, let the good times roll Come on baby, let the good times roll It's like Woodstock city, brand new Dylan Bob to the music, sucker than a [?] My heart beat acoustic, moves like Hendrix Walk through a fire, then I flame and kiss it Go hard in my Lambo, strikes and a blizzard 2 million in the frame, gotta roll with the vision Vision of a good time, all I wanna know When the party gon' stop, let the good times roll Come on let's go, you got another minute Get the party on the roll, ain't nothing like the feeling When you're winning in your soul The wheel keep spinning, only got one road Stop, stop the show, and stop, stop the flow The world ain't ready cause I rock the globe So act like you know, act like you know Act like you know, just what to do When the good times roll Love is nice when it's understood Even nicer when it makes you feel good You got me trippin' why I love you so Come on baby, let the good times roll Come on baby, let the good times roll Come on baby, let the good times roll Come on baby, let the good times roll Come on baby, let the good times roll (Come on baby, let the good times roll) [Lil Wayne] Hey, Flo I got you! Yeah yeah! Take your, take your clothes off Ride that, I drove off Highway to heaven I'll burn the bridge Red bandana, blood, sweat and tears Yeah, it's Tunechi, Tunechi With a capital crucifix, hahaha! Baby let the good times roll like my weed Sticks on my skateboard, and up my sleeves YMCMB Truk everything else So many whips, my garage got whelps Now put your motherfuckin' hands in the air And my throne is an electric chair Yeah! And let's go all night, all night Wake up the club and let's go all out, all out More drinks for us, toast to the good times May they last forever, we're young, to the good times Raise your glass, let's all have some fun Come on baby, let the good times roll... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: French Montana f/ 2 Chainz, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross Album: Excuse My French Song: Marble Floors * Typed by: AZ Lyrics * Deluxe Edition bonus track [Rick Ross Talking] So I let the bitch hang out with me right You know word got around I was fucking this nigga bitch So the nigga called me, he like "You fuckin my bitch"- I'm like I'm fuckin her right now [Chorus: Rick Ross] Got ya bitch tip-toein on my marble floors Red bottoms only for the centerfolds Big bodies I got 10 of those Whippin' work it smellin like they dinner rolls [Verse 1: French Montana] Told that bitch take your shoes off, look don't even argue Got your bitch tip-toeing on Italian Marble They on that bad batch, too much pork around it Shorty ass fat you gotta walk around it Big body got 10 of those Cars, cribs thats [?] hoes Nine piece thats dinner rolls Wild freaks, that centerfold Hunnid on my shine You don't like it fine Got ya bitch tip-toeing like Gregory Hines Cashing out with that nina Ten days you ain't seen her She ask for it, I beat it You greedy nigga you eat it These [?] niggaz all on my dick Princess Cuts all in my wrist Hundred rounds all in my hip 200 grand all in my whip [Verse 2: Lil Wayne] Wet work, got the kitchen stanking We call a undercover, a pig in the blanket Uh, lifestyles of the rich and famous Shoot you in ya head like Abraham Lincoln Stuntin on them bitches like Birdman Roll the weed in white sheets, Ku Klux Klan Put it on the scale, watch it do numbers Playin with them keys like Stevie Wonder All my hoes pretty, all my niggaz Brazy We sell that white, sell that brown, call it rice and gravy Call me Tunechi Lee or don't call me at all Man fuck all you niggaz, PAUSE [Verse 3: 2 Chainz] 2 Chainz, thats yo best answer Cup filled with pink, I'm supporting breast cancer I might do that walk for the 5k I get paid every time I leave my driveway Got yo girl tip-toeing on my marble floors Sitting by the pool, jumping off the diving board Getting to the money Ima need a money counter So many acres, my neighbors stay in another county Ted Dibiase in Versace loafers All you talk is shit nigga Halitosis, ghosts I pulled up in that pale thang Got a Chanel chain, on top of Chanel chain, on top of Chanel chain, on top of Chanel chain GODAMN! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: French Montana f/ Drake, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross Album: Excuse My French Song: Pop That Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Sample of "I Wanna Rock" by Luke] (repeated throughout the background) "Don't, stop! Pop that" "Don't, stop! Pop that- Pop that- Pop that" "Don't, stop! Pop that" "Don't, stop! Pop that- Pop that- Pop that" [Rick Ross] Drop that pussy, bitch! [French] Whatchu twerkin wit? [Drake] I'm young papi, champagne   They know the face and they know the name [Ross] Drop that pussy, bitch! [French] Whatchu twerkin wit?    Work, work, work, work (bounce)    Work, work, work, work (Whatchu twerkin wit?)    Work, work, work, work (bounce)    Work, work, work, work (Whatchu twerkin wit?) [Chorus: French Montana] "Don't, stop! Pop that" "Don't, stop! Pop that- Pop that- Pop that" (Whatchu twerkin wit?) "Don't, stop! Pop that" "Don't, stop! Pop that pussy - pussy" (Whatchu twerkin wit?) "Don't, stop! Pop that" "Don't, stop! Pop that- Pop that- Pop that" (Whatchu twerkin wit?) "Don't, stop! Pop that" "Don't, stop! Pop that pussy - pussy"  [French Montana] (Montana!) Work (work), work (work), work (work), whatchu twerkin wit? Throw it, bust it, open, show me, whatchu, twerkin, wit Ass-Ass-Ass, Ass so FAT, need a lap dance (Hah) I'm in that white Ghost chasin Pac-Man Hundred out the lot, I be leanin that Ciroc Hundred, large bring a mop, cars tinted like Barack I got a Brinks' truck in my pocket (pocket), thirty chains on my collar (Collar) Two drops, no mileage (mileage), top off like Wallace And I'm hell's smoke, bitch know that (know that), filthy rich befo' rap ('fo' rap) Yo' new deal, I throw that (throw that), three beans I'm on that (on that) (Haaaah!) We pop a molly, (Haaaah!) she bus' it open (Haaaah!) She seen the 'Gatti, (Haaaah!) that pussy soakin [Rick Ross] Shout out to the Infernos, Strawberries, Luke what it do? {M-M-Maybach Music}  I love my big booty bitches, my life a Godfather picture Local club in my city, I fell in love with a stripper Bitches know I'm that nigga, talkin fo'-door Bugatti I'm the life of the party, let's get these hoes on the molly You know I came to stunt (huh!), so drop that pussy bitch (huh!) I got what you want, drop that pussy bitch (Whoo~!) Film it, film it, this bitch want me to film it Ballin, ballin, like I play for New England Spend it, spend it, spend a stack every minute That's fifty, one hundred, I see no fuckin limits Shout out to Uncle Luke (huh!), shout out my bitches too (huh!) We the +2 Live Crew+, two for me, two for you (Whoo~!) Feed them bitches carrots (huh!), fuck 'em like a rabbit (ha!) Sorry that's a habit, smoke a spliff and then I vanish [Drake] I'm about bein single, seein double, makin triple (right) I hope you pussy niggaz hatin never make a nickel (RIGHT!) It's good to make it better when ya people make it with you Money comin, money goin, ain't like you could take it with you (alright) It's about to be a hit right now, FUCK back then we the shit right now Dropped "Take Care", bought a muh'fuckin crib And I'm pickin up the keys to the bitch right now OVO that's major shit, Toronto with me that's mayor shit Gettin cheddar packs like K.D.! OKC/okay see, that's player shit We don't dress alike, we don't rap alike, I shine different, I rhyme different Only thing you got is some years on me, man FUCK you and yo' time difference I'm young papi, champagne, they know the face and they know the name Got one watch that could prol'ly pay  for like all your chains and you'd owe me change, ah~! Greystone, twenty bottles that's on me On the couch, wildin out, yellin, "Free my niggaz 'til they all free" One of my closest dogs got three kids and they all three But we always been that type of crew that been good without a plan B, SO... [Lil Wayne] Uh, BEEEEITCH~! Stop talkin that shit And suck a nigga dick for some Trukfit Okay I fuck a bitch and I'm gone, that's gangsta, Al Capone I make that pussy spit like Bone, I'm talkin 'bout "Bone, Bone, Bone-Bone" I'm fuckin with French, excuse my French, I lose my mind 'fore I lose my bitch Money ain' a thang but a chicken wang, bitch I ball like two eyelids YMCM-beat that pussy UP! Stop playin I make her ass scream and holla, like rock bands I'm a beast, I'm off the leash, I am rich, like a bitch On my +Pro-active+ shit, pop that pussy like a zit I go by the name Lil Tunechi, yo' girl is a groupie And nigga, youse a square and I will twist you like in a Rubix Motherfucker I'm on my skateboard, watch me do a trick, hoe I'm 5'5" but I could six-nine, then beat that pussy like Klitschko Its French Montana, fuck Joe, it's Weezy F., fuck hoes Its "truk da wurl," it's "truk yo' girl" It's Trukfit by the truck load, BIAAAAAATCH~!!! Oh yeah, I forgot... Ooh yeah.. YOUNG MOOLAH, BAY-BAY!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: French Montana f/ Drake, Game, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross Album: Pop That (S) Song: Pop That (Remix) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Game] [Intro] Hey Walle, get on the phone man, call that nigga Meek Mill Tell that nigga Meek Mill get on the phone call that nigga Boss Tell Boss get on the phone, call that nigga French Montana man Tell this nigga let me hold this beat too man, lego Pop that, don't stop, pop that don't stop [x4] Uncle Luke, you better that hoe, I'm the shit bitch and I know you smell that hoe Beat the pussy I swoll that hoe Lick the cat and then mail hoe Cop the Yeezys never wear that doe You fuckin Kim K nigga share that hoe Real nigga everywhere I go You got one, you better marry that hoe She got a fat monkey, a camel toe She Armenian and she call me daddy-o She like it from the back, no patio I'm from the too live crew, her daddy know I'm fresh as fuck, no flat top I got flip flops in that black drop No green screen in my black drop I got green things in my backpack I'm thugging, welcome back Pac I'm a mac nigga, no laptop My bitch ass fat and no ass shots She get motivated when that cash drop Don't call my bitch no stripper nigga She's an exotic dancer to twerk when you tip her, nigga Amber Rose ain't got nothing on Mulan Megan Good, ain't got nothing on Chyna And I know tyga, how I know tyga Megan Good, ain't got nothing on Chyna Shit Japan ain't got nothing on Chyna Wish that was me, nothing on Chyna Damn, there I go again I ain't tryna start nothing by speaking nothing on Chyna Don't stop, popping that, she pick it up and she dropping it I like red bones a little chocolate And I'm asap with that rocket list And I'm swagging and splashing and fucking these hoes I'm blowing that kush and it's stucked in my clothes They blowing my dick 'til I nut in they nose These niggaz they know they can't fuck with the flow My mozzy is cold, my bitches are hot We walk in the club, she sneak in the Glock We turning it up, off of peach and Ciroc With bottles and bottles Like when does it stop? With models and models they known to be fucking She say she a virgin I know that she bluffing I'm knockin and stuffin out that english muffin I turn on the oven and whoaaa!!! Coke boy I like 'ole boy I got a gold impala like dope boy Twerking it, working it Like waffle house I'm serving it They play with it, I'm murking shit You Jasons kid, I'm Dirk and shit, you square niggaz with your circle head And you don't stop, what you twerking with [French Montana] Work, work, work, work, work, work What you twerkin' with Throw it, buss it open Show me what you twerkin with Ass so fat, need a lap dance I'm in that white ghost chasin' Pac man Hundred out the lot, I be leaning thats a rock Hundred large bring a mop Cars tinted like Barack Got a brinks truck in my pocket 30 chains on my collar 2 drops, no mileage Top off like Wallace And I'm hella smoke, bitch know that Filthy rich before rap Your new deal, I throw that 3 Benz I'm on that We pop a molly, she buss it open She seen it, got it, that pussy soaking [Rick Ross] I love my big booty bitches My life a Godfather picture Local club in my city I fell in love with a stripper Bitches know I'm that nigga Talkin four door Bugatti I'm the life of the party lets get these hoes on the Molly You know I came to stunt So drop that pussy bitch I got what you want Drop that pussy bitch Feel me, feel me This bitch want me to feel me Ballin', ballin' like I play for New England Spend it, spend it, spend a stack every minute Thats 50, 100, I see no fucking limits Shout out to Uncle Luke Shout out my bitches too We the 2 Live Crew 2 for me, 2 for you Feed them bitches carrots Fuck em like a rabbit Sorry thats a habit Smoke a spliff and then I vanish [Drake] I'm about being single, seeing double, making triple I hope you pussy niggaz hating never make a nickel It's good to make it better when your people make it with you Money coming, money going, ain't like you can take it with you It's about to be a hit right now, fuck back then, we the shit right now Dropped Take Care', bought a muthafuckin' crib And I'm picking up the keys to the bitch right now OVO that's major shit, Toronto with me that's Mayor shit Gettin cheddar packs like KD, OKC that's playa shit We don't dress alike, we don't rap alike I shine different, I rhyme different Only thing you got is some years on me Man, fuck you and your time difference I'm young Papi, champagne They know the face, and they know the name Got one watch that could probably pay for like all your chains And you'd owe me change, ah! Greystone, 20 bottles that's on me On the couches, wildin' out Yelling free my niggaz 'till they all free One of my closest dawgs got 3 kids and they all 3 But we always been the type of crew that been good without a plan B [Lil' Wayne] Biiiitch, Stop talkin' that shit And suck a nigga dick for some Trukfit Okay I fuck a bitch and I'm gone That's gangsta Al Capone I make that pussy spit like bone Talkin' bout Bone, bone, bone, bone I'm fucking wit' French, excuse my French I lose my mind before I lose my bitch Money ain't a thing but a chicken wing Bitch I ball like 2 eyelids YMCM-beat that pussy up Stop playin', I make her ass scream and holla, like rock bands I'mma beast, I'm off the leash I am rich like a bitch On my pro-active shit Pop that pussy like a zit I go by the name Lil Tunechi Your girl is a groupie And nigga, you's a square And I would twist you like a rubix Motherfucker I'm on my skateboard Watch me do a trick hoe I'm 5? 5 but I could 6-9 Then beat that pussy like Klistcko It's French Montana, fuck joe It's Weezy F, fuck hoes It's Truk the world It's Truk yo girl It's Trukfit by the truck load, biaaaatch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Cam'Ron, Lil Wayne Album: Who You Mad At? Me or Yourself? Song: Love to a Diplomat Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Funkmaster Flex] CAM!!! Lil Wayne!!! [Lil Wayne] Flea I got you! Cut the music up man! [Cam'Ron] (Funkmaster Flex): I had to tell her I don't care (FUNK FLEX!!!) Can't lie y'all she got pears-p-pears I don't care I told her suck my dick Then I had to ask her this!!! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Hey bitch! Ever made love to a diplomat?! Ever made love to a diplomat?! You ever made love to a diplomat?! Bitch you ever made love to a diplomat?! Ever made love to a diplomat?! Ever made love to a diplomat?! Ever made love to a diplomat?! Bitch you ever made love to a diplomat?! Dipset! [Verse One: Cam'Ron] I be with some Asian girls and we lost in Japan I tell 'em konichiwa they say of course you the man I tell 'em I hear you but that ain't important to Cam I got my bitch choo choo choo poppin right off the grand She be sellin hair, I sell drugs we both down for the same hustle And we speak the same language, yeah, ounces and bundles, kilos too Either way, keys of yay, TV shows with Lisa Ray  Then back to the block, do I need to say Boy I'm on that E and J Hey you get no chicks, that's no mystery The last girl you been in, Statue Of Liberty And I fouls with this, you can have my ass to kiss But when I seen your baby mama I had to ask her this [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Ever made love to a diplomat?! Ever made love to a diplomat?! You ever made love to a diplomat?! Bitch you ever made love to a diplomat?! Ever made love to a diplomat?! Ever made love to a diplomat?! Ever made love to a diplomat?! Bitch you ever made love to a diplomat?! Dipset! [Verse Two: Cam'Ron] (Lil Wayne) Uh! I clean up well, loafers down to moccasins But back up off me baby girl, I need some oxygen Ieah, I know I know, I'm Mr. Get It Poppinton But every time I see you comin I'm like not again Chill girl, chill girl, I'm done, I ain't got no more to give You can't cross the line, 'cause I let you cross the bridge It's blood banks, it's weed spots You can make me a hundred a hour, suckin cocks I don't care if your mother's sick, her rent's due You got three dollars, good bitch, spend soon (Ever made love to a diplomat?! Ever made love to a diplomat?!) I'm a chiropract, I'll break your back Then tell your man he can have you back like [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Ever made love to a diplomat?! Ever made love to a diplomat?! You ever made love to a diplomat?! Bitch you ever made love to a diplomat?! Ever made love to a diplomat?! Ever made love to a diplomat?! Ever made love to a diplomat?! Bitch you ever made love to a diplomat?! Dipset! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Future f/ Lil Wayne Album: Karate Chop (Remix) Single Song: Karate Chop (Remix) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] You know, This just some real nigga shit, a real nigga story You know what I'm saying? Slang a bunch of narcotics Pull up in the new 'rarri Living like John Gotti Chopping bricks like karate Drink a bunch of codeine Serving to the dope fiends Blowing money, stay clean Michael Jackson, Billy Jean [Verse 1: Future] Got a Panamera round a young nigga neck Got a young bitch pulling up in a vet Smoke a lot of kush & I have a lot of sex Had to beat the grind up, ran up my check Bitch nigga get money, nigga get that Roll a blunt of chronic, nigga sell a lot of crack You can hit a nigga line, order what you want I can whoop a Maserati, pulling up a donk 50,000 on yo watch, young nigga splurge Pop a ace of spade bottle, sip a lot of syrup Keep a young nigga workin' gotta buss a cape I'mma take a phone call, hustle everyday [Verse 2: Future] Whipping up a cake, just to go and snatch a spider Young nigga play with keys, like a type writer Al Capone, John Gotti was a nigga idol I was never snitching, I can put it on the Bible In a 4 door beamer, driving with a rifle Nigga where you at, nigga we go pull up on ya Young Bitch looking like Janet in the 80's We was grinding up from a tube and a baby Got the girl dripping wet like a jerry curl Got a styrofoam cup and its full of syrup Send it over from Lil Mexico & Let me Work I can get 36 for a clean shirt [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] Pop a lot of pain pills Bout to put rims on my skateboard wheels Beat that pussy up like Emmett Till Yeah.... Two cell phones ringin' at the same time That's your ho, callin' from two different phones Tell that bitch "leave me the fuck alone!" See, you fuck her wrong, and I fuck her long I got a love-hate relationship with Molly I'd rather pop an ollie, and my dick is a trolly Boy, I'll bury you like Halle And these hoes say I'm blind, Cause I don't see nothin' wrong with a little bump and grind Man I just received a package Them other niggaz taxin' And my pockets so fat, I'm startin' to feel contractions And my cousin went to jail for them chickens And he already home and that nigga must be snitchin' Cut him off like karate! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jamie Foxx f/ Busta Rhymes, Lil Wayne, T-Pain Album: Blame It (Remix) 12" Song Blame It (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Busta Rhymes] Excuse me (Remix) I think y'all need to bring a little bit  Of every type of liquor over here to the table, every bottle We got Weezy, Bus, Pain and Jamie Foxx over here [Jamie Foxx] Blame it on the Goose (Goose) Got you feelin loose (Loose) Blame it on Patron ('Tron) Got you in the zone (Zone) Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-al-al-alcoh-ol-ol-ol [Verse One: Busta Rhymes] Mami lookin good, mami see me And now she step into the bar because she know she need me Her favorite song on, body so appealin And she sippin on me because she know she need the feelin I make her feel good she call me 'Tron silver Gotta have me in her body, no matter if it kills her I get up in her body, I'm kind of like a coach boo Mami feelin proper body's movin like it's supposed to (LOVE) When I'm in it I make mami wanna dance more (Yeah!) Now she dancin like she's fuckin on the dancefloor (Yeah!) She movin like she wanna break 'em off I keep her hot and sweaty till she wanna take it off Baby girl you better sip slow I'm dangerous when the bottle starts to get low When shorty's knocked out from havin a ball Just blame it on the al-al-al-al-alcohol [Chorus: Jamie Foxx] Blame it on the Goose (Goose) Got you feelin loose (Loose) Blame it on Patron ('Tron) Got you in the zone (Zone) Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the Vodka (HEY!!!!) Blame it on the Henny (HEY!!!!) Blame it on the blue top got you feelin dizzy Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-al-al-alcoh-ol-ol-ol [Verse Two: Lil Wayne] Blame it on who? Blame it on me She drink till she sleep when she drinkin on me I live in the cup, I watch the ice sink She sippon all night on some shit that's light pink You know they say, you are what you drink But baby I gotta be Louis The Thirteenth And I could talk to her, but nobody hear Her liquor so good she don't go around beer Yeah! And shorty got class Shorty got class when she pour me in the glass Hey! Shorty take me to the head One more shot of me shorty be dead He heh! And shorty just love drunk She need a designated driver cause she love drunk Hi there bartender what's your name? Let me buy this woman a bottle of Lil' Wayne, yeah [Chorus: Jamie Foxx] Blame it on the Goose (Goose) Got you feelin loose (Loose) Blame it on Patron ('Tron) Got you in the zone (Zone) Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the Vodka (HEY!!!!) Blame it on the Henny (HEY!!!!) Blame it on the blue top got you feelin dizzy Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-al-al-alcoh-ol-ol-ol [Verse Three: T-Pain] T-Pain! Girl I know you feel goooooooddddddddd!!!! Just like you look (Look) Couple more shots you open up like a book I ain't trippin (Cause I'm a read ya) Shorty I ain't trippin (I just wanna please ya) I'm a take a shot of the Nuvo, shorty didn't you know It's goin down we can go and kick it like judo (Judo) You know what I mean, shorty got drunk thought it all was a dream So I made her say AHHHHHHHHH!!!!! AH! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! Now she got her hands on my leg got my seat all the way to my right (All the way to my right) All over my ride (All over my ride) She look me dead in the eye, EYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!! Then my pants got bigger, she alrwady know what to dig up Had her lookin at her boyfriend like FUCK, THAT NIGGA!!!!!!! [Chorus: Jamie Foxx] Blame it on the Goose (Goose) Got you feelin loose (Loose) Blame it on Patron ('Tron) Got you in the zone (Zone) Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the Vodka (HEY!!!!) Blame it on the Henny (HEY!!!!) Blame it on the blue top got you feelin dizzy Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-al-al-alcoh-ol-ol-ol [Bridge: Jamie Foxx] Now to my ballers poppin bottles with there Henny in the cup Screamin money ain't a thang if it ain't  throw it up in the SKKKYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!! (SKKKYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!) Hold your drinks up HIIIIIIIIGGGHHHHHHHHH!!!! (HIIIIIIIIGGGHHHHHHHHH!!!) And to my independent ballers who can buy there own bottles If you lookin like a model when them broke fellas holla Tell 'em BYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!! ( BYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!) And hols your drinks up HIIIIIIIIIIIGGGHHHHHHHHH!!! [Chorus: Jamie Foxx] You can blame it on the Goose (Goose) Got you feelin loose (Loose) Blame it on Patron ('Tron) Got you in the zone (Zone) Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the Vodka (HEY!!!!) Blame it on the Henny (HEY!!!!) Blame it on the blue top got you feelin dizzy Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-al-al-alcoh-ol-ol-ol The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Glasses Malone f/ Akon, Bun B (UGK), KAM, Lil' Wayne Album: Certified (MP3 Release) Song: Certified (Remix) Typed by: wammygivaway@gmail.com {Glasses Malone slowed down} [G. Malone] I'm certified, baby {And this the remix} [Lil' Wayne] Remix, baby [Akon]  Akon and Glasses     Akon and Glasses [Lil' Wayne] Ha ha ha [G. Malone] G. Malone (Verse 1) {Akon in background} [Malone] Niggas spit fairy tales    G. issue the facts    Not Jeezy, but I sold my fair issue of crack    Not Weezy [Wayne] You dig? [Malone] But Weezy right here    Man, this Cash Money Records, let me make it quite clear    Walkin' with the red's like fucking with the town    Know a pierce Watts nigga make a square bow down (WHOOP WHOOP!)    I'm certified baby, you better ask Cube (Yeah)    Better tread light like you wearin' glass shoes (Yeah)    Bet this crown hold a G    He don't really want beef    I'm in nice town, chillin'    Young Chris    Young Neef    Born down in the A with the boy Bo Hagan    Or catch me in the H, Pimp got my trunk wavin'    Find me in the 90 south, sourin' with a Nato trick (Trick)    Hex Murder, them my boys out the D's (Detriot)    Mistah F.A.B. in the Bay, Three Six in Tennessee    I'm certified baby, they just pretend to be {Akon and Glasses} Chorus: Akon (Lil' Wayne in background) I ain't for all that beefin' Got niggas to buck shells for no reason (Remix, baby) Ask around the streets, man, I'm certified Across seas, all my customers are satisfied See, I ain't for all that beefin' A matter of fact, I'm tryin' to chill with the squeezin' (Remix, baby) Ask around the hood, man, I'm certified And I hate to have to put a bullet in your mind, yeah [Verse 2: Bun B {Akon in background}] I'm G'd up from the feet up So speed up You hold up from the flow up So ease up It's G's up Everybody else, get low Cause I'm a put a hater on lockdown like it's get mo (Whoa) I get more money, I spit more fire (Spit more fire) I knock know-boppers and sit more higher (What) UGK for life til death And I'm no liar It's R.I.P. to the Pimp Til the day I expire I'm a rep for the team (Team) I got it on my back (Back) Like Agnus holdin' on to the world, and that's a fact I'm a hop off in this slab (Slab) Then get back on the grind (On the grind) So I can get this Trill movement on they mind (On they mind) Rockin' my Coogi Air Jordans and a beehat (Beehat) Sippin' on syrup and white Can you see that? (See that) UGK for life is more than a tatoo Disrespect, we comin' at you Me, Wayne {Akon and Glasses} Repeat Chorus (Verse 3) [Kam {Lil' Wayne in background}] Homie I'm certified, word to God (Trick) From the dirty side Disrespect the clique Be the victim of a murder ride Yeah, you heard of pride up before destruction That's cause we done cut more hide up than alien abduction And done had More suction on my gun than a vacuum Obstruction Of justice on the run In the back room Ever since the crack boom, prostitutes callin' Gangstas do they thang from Watts and we be ballin' [Lil' Wayne {Akon in background}] And in my noon do Starin' at the moon roof Two yellow women and they poppin' like balloons do Two pistols, I ain't gotta pop 'em cause my goons do Ball we a bungee grape, but turned into prune juice Man, they gon' think I'm Lil' Boosie when I zoom through And I'm gonna be when my dawgs like woof, too Money over female dawgs, bitch, roof, roof I'm a beast, I'm a Dogg, I'm a new Snoop Heh heh heh And them ballin' like Fade away (Fade away) She all on my Eskamina like Labor Day Heh heh heh Now you could walk, crawl or skate away But not me (Why) Because I Rrrrrrun this bitch (Ok) And I'm a keep Runnin' on I keep Runnin', but I'm never runnin' out of money I'm a dawg, I'm a stunt If I don't nothin' Weezy Hot like the sun, they better get ya {Akon and Glasses} Repeat Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Big Sean, Fabolous, Jeremih, Lil Wayne Album: Jesus Piece Song: All That (Lady) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: sample of "Lady" by D'Angelo] "I can tell they're looking - you're my" "I can tell they're looking - you're my lady" "S'goin down" [Game] You know I love you like cooked food, I'm a good dude Let's hit the Roscoe's on Pico, I'm in a hood mood I'm sittin here thinkin 'bout all the things I could do So what you should do is play your position for Berkin bags, we poppin tags Her shoe game sick, we drinkin Ace out of red bottles True gang shit, fuck with me and you're famous Kanye'd my bitch, now she away from the nameless Camera flashes from strangers, turn a Range to a manger Jesus piece on the plate, yeah my baby an angel Fell straight up out of Heaven into, what we into Who knew we'd grew into whatever we into That's too much for your mental so we snapback that Game on point like the stripes on my Gucc' backpack My ladybug, yeah she cool like that In them Trues, why you move like that? {"I can tell they're looking - you're my lady"} [Chorus: Jeremih] You know my lady always on She know I need it so She knows she can get all that, all that, all that All that, all that My lady got me goin I'm where she already knows She knows she can get all that, all that, all that {"I can tell they're looking - you're my lady"} {"S'goin down"} [Lil Wayne] Uhh, you my lady And that pussy feel, like a haven We can make babies, let's be creative She say leave them tricks alone but I'm a skater I love her like her daddy told her no man would I got a lot of bad bitches, she the only one good I get her flowers for nothin, she smilin and blushin If I don't answer my phone, then we probably fuckin Yah, she love my tattoos Ain't got no room for her name but I'ma make room She let her hair down, we have a stare down She said "I'm glad-you-ate-it, where my cap and gown?" Told her "I can be your chauffeur, dick like a limo" Multiple orgasms, that's my M.O. Haha, redbone pretty I kiss her from her titty to her clitty Tunechi~! [Big Sean] Yo, Sean Don, whoa Look, my girl's sweet like my hotel flo' From where they ran through more keys than a hotel do' The D, give her the D now the whole hotel know Feel like I'm lookin down from Heaven screamin "Oh Hell no!" When you hop on top girl that's what it feel like She always had a player back like the field lights And e'ry time I left it ain't feel right Cheated on her and she stayed, that's just real life Shit, cause it's hard when you ain't on the same coast Burnin bread in the club so all these girls want toast Hoes try and wave but we ain't on the same boat They tryin to sink e'rything that we made float She told me 'bout her ex-man, her old boy stories And how she had a dildo, you know, toy stories Don't fuck her on her period, ain't into horror stories I take her to my favorite restaurant she order for me Cause she know me [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Outro: Fabolous] She can get all that It makes sense, right? Yeah - girl look I'm feelin your style, I'm lovin your swag I like how your jeans fit, you're killin that bag You workin them heels, your diamonds are real You give me the chills, girl you're all that {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Busta Rhymes, Game, Fabolous, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross Album: We the Best Forever Song: Bottles & Rockin' J's Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: DJ Khaled] Aiyyo Game, what they do, boi? It's DJ Khaled I got my black and red Jordan Retro 6's on I'm all about gettin money  I love glorifyin my hard work Poppin bottles, shit them hoes love it too This DJ Khaled, We the Best Aiyyo Game, Red Nation {RED NATION} [Chorus: Game] All I know is bottles and rockin J's (WOO!), bottles and rockin J's (WOO!) Bottles and rockin J's (WOO!), bottles and rockin J's Bitches and gettin money, bitches and gettin money Bitches and gettin money, bitches and gettin money Bottles and rockin J's (WOO!), bottles and rockin J's (WOO!) Bottles and rockin J's (WOO!), bottles and rockin J's Bitches and gettin money, bitches and gettin money Bitches and gettin money, bitches and gettin money [Busta Rhymes] Aiyyo Game I wanna talk right now.. I wanna let niggaz know what +I+ know.. All I know is how to smash on everybody record and do what I do and make somebody have to go and get a hearse Yo, Game I don't really give a fuck if it's your record and you my brother, my nigga look I gotta rhyme first See the way I comin, how I do the game (Church~!) Ask somebody, you gotta know you gotta need a nurse Let me bang 'em with another killa, then we put a couple bottles on the chiller Kill 'em with another verse Everybody see the way I be goin and goin How I do it? Niggaz don't even be knowin, but then again Yes they do be knowin how I be bangin in every shit I be givin you All the heat I be packin and I be - showin off With all this money, you know where I'm headin And I'm gonna get the Jordan's the patent leather 11's They really bangin all the way down to the bedding And I get a couple pair with all this money I be gettin and I kill 'em with the bop, see the way a nigga steppin And we pop bottles and we rock J's (See me reppin?) And respect the way I do it 'fore I hit you with the weapon Don't be spillin liquor all over my shit, give me a second Dayum~! (SHIIIIIT!!) Anyway..  See we gotta get it up, prol'ly fill a model up Lemme rev a bottle up, lemme see everybody put your liquor bottles up  {M-M-M-Maybach Music} LET'S GO!  [Rick Ross] Bitches, I'm gettin money (WOO!), bottles and rockin chains Money like I'm LeBron (WOO!), my whip collection insane Suicidal thoughts (uh!), highway to heaven, ridin like a boss Condominium in the clouds, 60 Gs' a month (Hahaha!) Fifty floors, marble walls, pictures of Boston George Bitches snortin blow, fuckin fast and cookin dope (WOO!) Sanctify, Bally shoes, Audemars, Franck Muller  That Chopard, my new bitches must mnage, I'm a G [Game] Bottles and rockin J's, smokin and sippin Spades Pistol tucked in my Louie, +Heated+ up like I'm Wade Nigga don't do LeBron's, Kobe up on the weekend Jordan's Monday through Friday, especially when I'm freakin Them cool grays, that's Monday, them Space Jams, that's Tuesday Them Spike Lee's on Wednesday, 23 in my Benz - (AY!) You know I love them 6s', especially on my bitches 13s' and them spandex on Thursday, it's yo' birthday And Friday I ain't lyin, King Of Diamonds I'm in heaven Redbone pussy poppin on my black and red 11's Patent leather when I step in, you know what I'm reppin S-double O W-double O Black number fo's, I ain't get it from the store  Bus' know, that... [Fabolous] I put footprints in them couches, I put so much in my two-step Put on fo' my city, I ain't got no choice but to rep I put straight shots, in they hand, make pretty girls do the ugly face And they just put my song on, move back, I need Dougie space  like AY~! AY~! Then it's right back to my muggin face Nigga said put the weed out, BBM, you buggin face We walked in, one sum'n, bottles pop like we won sum'n Raise a glass for err'body that's done +Somethin, from Nothin+ No grind, no shine, dress code, we pay no mind Cargos and J's on, they let son/sun in, no blinds All I drink is my shit, stop playin -- Youtube (Coco Loso wasted!) But tonight we on that red berry and cranberry -- SOO-WOO [Lil Wayne] And I'm smokin on that purp, sippin on that purp I came in this bitch, wit some niggaz that will murk And we ain't 'bout all that talkin, you a dead man walking Stomp a nigga ass out, in these number 4 Jordan's Got a scope, on the barrel, that's a hammer witta camera Hollow tips nigga, tip a nigga like a dancer I don't know nuttin' but bitches and gettin money Blood gang, kill a nigga in public, Young TUNECHI~! Shoot a nigga ass up, then it's deuces Head shots, that fuckin vest is so useless Yeaaaah! Yo Chuck, FUCK these niggaz! You know who, P-I-RU, killer bees nigguh! WHAOW!!! YOUNG MULA BAAAAAY-BAAAAAY!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Busta Rhymes, DJ Khaled, Fabolous, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross, Teyana Taylor Album: California Republic Mixtape Song: Bottles and Rockin' J's (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: DJ Khaled] Aiyyo Game, what they do bwoy? It's DJ Khaled~! I got my black and red Jordan Retro 6's on I'm all about gettin money  I love glorifyin my hard work Poppin bottles, shit them hoes love it too This DJ Khaled, We the Best Aiyyo Game, Red Nation {RED NATION} {"This-this-this is a DJ Skee-Skee-Skee-Skee, remix!"} [Game] All I know is bottles and rockin J's (WOO!) bottles and rockin J's (WOO!) Bottles and rockin J's (WOO!) bottles and rockin J's Bitches and gettin money, bitches and gettin money Bitches and gettin money, bitches and gettin money Bottles and rockin J's (WOO!) bottles and rockin J's (WOO!) Bottles and rockin J's (WOO!) bottles and rockin J's Bitches and gettin money, bitches and gettin money Bitches and gettin money, bitches and gettin money [Busta Rhymes] Aiyyo Game I wanna talk right now I-I wanna let niggaz know what I know All I know is how to smash on everybody record and do what I do and make somebody have to go and get a hearse Yo Game, I don't really give a fuck if it's your record and you my brother my nigga, look I gotta rhyme first See the way I come and how I do the game (church!) Ask somebody, you gotta know you need to get a nurse Let me bang 'em with another killa then we put a couple bottles on the chiller, kill 'em with another verse Everybody see the way I be goin and goin, how I do it? Niggaz don't even be knowin, but then again yes they do be knowin how I be bangin in every shit I be givin you All the heat I be packin and I be showin off With all this money you know where I'm headin and I'm gonna get the Jordan's, the patent leather 11's They really bangin all the way down to the beddin and I get a couple pair with all this money I be gettin And I kill 'em with the bop, see the way a nigga steppin and we pop bottles and we rock J's - see me reppin? And respect the way I do it 'fore I hit you with the weapon Don't be spillin liquor all over my shit, give me a second Damn~! (SHIIIIIT!!) Anyway, see we gotta get it up Probably fill a model up, let me rev a bottle up Let me see everybody put your liquor bottles up  {"Maybach Music"} LET'S GO! [Rick Ross] Bitches I'm gettin money (woo!) bottles and rockin chains (uh) Money like I'm LeBron (woo!) my whip collection insane Suicidal thoughts (uh) highway to Heaven ridin like a boss Condominium in the clouds, 60 G's a month (ha ha ha) Fifty floors, marble walls, pictures of Boston George Bitches snortin blow, fuckin fast and cookin dope (woo!) Sanctify, Bally shoes, Audemars, Francky Muller  That Chopard, my new bitches must mnage, I'm a G [Chorus: Teyana Taylor] You can find me in the stoooooo' (woo!) spendin money (woo!) All up in the cluuuuuuub (woo!) throwin hundreds In my J's, J's, J's, J's I be in my J's, J's, J's, J's You can find me in the stoooooo' (woo!) spendin money (woo!) All up in the cluuuuuuub (woo!) throwin hundreds We don't play, play, play, play When it comes to the J's, J's, J's, J's [Game] Bottles and rockin J's, smokin and sippin Spades Pistol tucked in my Louie, +Heat+'d up like I'm Wade Nigga don't do LeBron's, Kobe up on the weekend Jordan's Monday through Friday especially when I'm freakin Them cool grays that's Monday, them Space Jams that's Tuesday Them Spike Lee's on Wednesday, 23's on my Benz - AY! You know I love them 6's, especially on my bitches 13's and them spandex on Thursday, it's your birthday And Friday I ain't lyin, King Of Diamonds I'm in heaven Redbone pussy poppin on my black and red 11's Patent leather when I step in, you know what I'm reppin S-double O, W-double O Black number fo's, I ain't get it from the sto' Bust' know... [Fabolous] I put footprints in them couches, I put so much in my two-step Put on fo' my city, I ain't got no choice but to rep I put straight shots, in they hand, make pretty girls do the ugly face And they just put my song on, move back, I need Dougie space  Like "AY, AY!" Then it's right back to my muggin face Niggaz said put the weed out, BBM, you buggin face We walked in, one some'n, bottles pop like we won some'n Raise a glass for e'rybody that's done +Somethin, From Nothin+ No grind, no shine, dress code, we pay no mind Cargos and J's on, they let son/sun in, no blinds All I drink is my shit, stop playin, YouTube (Loso so wasted!) But tonight we on that red berry and cranberry, SOO-WOO! [Lil Wayne] And I'm smokin on that purp, sippin on that purp I came in this bitch, with some niggaz that will murk And we ain't 'bout all that talkin, you a dead man walkin Stomp a nigga ass out, in these number 4 Jordan's Got a scope, on the barrel, that's a hammer with a camera Hollow-tips nigga, tip a nigga like a dancer I don't know nuttin but bitches and gettin money Blood Gang, kill a nigga in public, YOUNG TUNECHI~! Shoot a nigga ass up then it's deuces! Head shots, that fuckin vest is so useless! Yeahhhh! Yo Chuck, FUCK these niggaz! You know who, P-I-RU, killer bees nigga! WOW~! YOUNG MULA BAY-BAAAAAY!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Game f/ Baby, Lil Wayne Album: Hoodmorning (No Typo): Candy Coronas Mixtape Song: Can You Believe It Typed by: AZ Lyrics Can you believe it? Can you believe it? Can you believe it? (Belee dat) Can you believe it? (Belee dat) Can you believe it? (Belee dat) Can you believe it? (Belee dat) Can you believe it? (Belee dat) Can you believe it? (Belee dat) Can you believe it? (Belee dat) Can you believe it? (Belee dat) [Verse 1: The Game] Young Stunna, young Stunna The way that paint drippin it's gon' be a bloody summer 22 inches, all-red everything That's Soo Woo business, holla at ya 5 4, 3, 2, 1, bitch in the coppet And my knot's sick, I'm ill I got a milli in my maze Red Cardinal fitted, bitches feel me in the Louie, yeah Red rubies in my watch and my chain Catch me in Wade County, I'm the king like James Headed to the Game, Red Challenger today Throwin' up red flags like I'm challenging the play Tune, this shit retarded, I need a red helmet And I'm all about my cake: red velvet You can't help it, gotta see what I got It's like Ripley's: Believe it or Not, you tell me [Verse 2: Lil Wayne] I'm a Beast, believe that Stop playing, I go hard, I go He-Man Young Tune, break em off like a tree branch Play with me, you in hot water: tea bag All-black Maybach, call it decaff And I just ordered your girlfriend some kneepads Can you believe the unbelievable? Bitch, I'm higher than Venus, Serena too Yeah, Game, holla at ya: Soo Woo Young Money bitch, we cold like two scoops Life's a bitch and mine a diva Point the biggest skeptic out I make 'em a believer [Verse 3 - Baby] Yeah, belee dat, a hundred on a marble floor And everyday we on the grind tryna flip some more Ya understand, acres on that new land Suicide doors nigga, on that new Lamb' P-p-pussy poppin' bullshit Bullshit ain't shit nigga we the shit We the business, Louie on every trip Holiday everyday on the YM ship Cause everyday my sun shine Candy paint on the Harley making headlines Belee dat We good with this cake homie Belee dat, we ride every day homie The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Game f/ Chris Brown, Lil Wayne, Tyga, Wiz Khalifa Album: Jesus Piece * Song: Celebration Typed by: OHHLA * first single Get high, get high, get high, get high, get high Westside, Westside, Westside, Westside, Westside We havin a celebration, love to stay high {*4X*} [Game] Nigga blowing on that ayo, breakin down them trees I'm out the door with dro on the keys Scooping up Chris and I'm hitting the freeway Yeah, got a whole zip of that purp Got a couple hoes home with no clothes on Cause they roll on us, let's twerk Now we hotboxin that Ghost, Ace all in that do' Ray Bans in my face, never know when my eyes low Smoke good, fuck good, eat good, steakhouse She said backwoods, kill swishers, you eat take out Yeah, but I love fucking them redbones She country thick and that hair long, that pussy killer, she dead wrong She went to Howard, her head strong, her mamma tall, So her legs long She went to college and got her masters, now she bringing that bread home Roll up [Bridge] Put the purp in the blunt Get high, get high, get high, get high, get high Put the purp in the blunt Westside, Westside, Westside, Westside, Westside [Chorus] - 2X [Chris Brown] It's a celebration, all on the pole they doing the dance Anticipating I'm feeling your body, hoping that you would just give me a chance God damn babe, just hold your glass up for this toast My ca$h up and yo ass up, and I'm the one tippin the most Tonight, on the Westside And if you wanna roll, have the best fuckin night of your life, no lie, no lie Me and you together girl I'm celebratin you tonight [Tyga] Uh, yeah I'm bloooown no cigarillo, rillo Love when I'm Mellow, get on my level 101 Karats in my bezel I'm ooooon, like soon as the ice cream truck at the ghetto Little knucklehead always in trouble soon as I ask shawty her number, fashooooooo Yeah I get it, then I bone, then I hit it like bone bone Now you fucking up my zone, my zone, my zone Said she wait when daddy come home Told me she ain't got nothing on I'm talkin no th-thong. thong thooooong Yeah she throwin that ass back Hard as a bat, sit on my lap Fucking with me, ain't nothing better than that That's a fact, thats a fact Don't act hollywood cause I don't act Bout my business but I don't slack This my celebration rap, so [Chorus] - 2X [Lil Wayne] I pour up for Pimp C, light up for Soulja Slim Straight out the gutter, with the rest of the bowlin pins Money for days, bitches go both ways On the road to riches, bitch I got road rage Got the kush in the swisher, got the pussy, the liquor Got a silencer on the gun, take it off like a stripper Yeah, wake up, wake up, I'm goin at your face make up These niggaz need stitches cause they taking pay cuts Man somebody tell them hoes it's a celebration All my niggaz got guns no registration Now go an light that weed up, I'm Trukfit tee'd up Hoes down, B's up [Wiz Khalifa] Rollin and chokin and movin slow motion, I'm floatin I'm gone {*2X*} Artist: The Game f/ Lil Wayne, Tyler the Creator Album: The R.E.D. Album Song: Martians Vs Goblins Typed by: itssergio@gmail.com [Verse 1: Game] Blood gang kill 'em all, Odd Future Wolf Gang Kidnap a vampire, drain all his fuckin veins Wolf Grey Jordans, use his intestines for the strings Snatch up Rihanna and throw her in front of a fuckin train Sniff a fucking unemployment line of cocaine Tie Lil B up to a full tank of propane Swag, now watch him cook.. and just stand there and look Have a bonfire with old Harry Potter books Martians vs. Goblins, goons vs. the crooks And since me and Tune had Viacom shook I shoulda got a real-ass pirate to do the hook Maybe Jack Sparrow maybe Peter Pan's nemesis My power's limitless like Blanco on Sega Genesis Superhero, mad that Marvel overlooked me Cause Spiderman and Hulk straight pussy [Hook: Lil Wayne] Bitch I'm a motherfuckin Martian (I'm a goddamn Goblin) We are not the same, I am a Martian [Verse 2: Tyler] A year ago, I was poor, somewhat Now my future's brighter than Christopher's new haircut Bruno Mars is still sucking dick and fucking male butts In the same closet that Tyler Perry gets clothes from I suck? Where the fuckin Ring Pops? You got a better chance of getting a copy of Detox Wolf Gang, we rock, crack rock and that shit was expected Like Jayceon whenever he name-drop (Fuck you, Tyler) Jesus, motherfucking Theresa This nigga Game got Wolf Haley for this feature My team is running shit like we have full-cleat Adidas Getting chased by the police on a full bred Cheetah Bishop Eddie caught me tryna escape Bag full of drag and a Nicki Minaj mixtape Dragging all you fags to the back of the log cabin Fall back like Lebron's hairline against the Mavericks, he lost [Hook] [Verse 3: Game] I do cause Tunechi always bless me He killed me on my own track, so what? Not you Fuck you, I spit like I had kids with Erykah Badu I fucked her on the day of that naked video shoot I was sucking that pussy like it was wonton soup Then I hit Lebron's mom in bron-bron's coupe With Delonte West taping, we had bon-bons too With Cleveland cheerleaders, they had pom-poms too So I smacked them bitches wearing Bishop Don Juan's suit (Where was Snoop?) I don't know, probably doing what the Crips do But when I'm with my uncle, fuck it! Then I'm a Crip too And I will Crip Weezy, Crip Jones, and Crip you Now I'm the Doggfather, walking with a Shih Tzu Mad that DC comics overlooked me Cause Captain America's straight pussy [Hook] Artist: The Game f/ Lil Wayne Album: L.A.X. Song: My Life Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*dogs barking, man panting then gasps, explosion and glass shatters*} [Intro: The Game] Punk-ass motherfucker, checkin shit What you was gon' do, kill me in my sleep you bitch-ass nigga? {*dogs still barking*} Tupac, Biggie, shut the fuck up! Fuckin dogs, barkin and shit (don't shoot, don't shoot) {*gun cocks, BLAM*} Fuck you nigga [Chorus: Lil Wayne] And I'm grindin 'til I'm tired Cause they said you ain't grindin 'til you tired So I'm grindin with my eyes wide, lookin to find A way through the day, a life for the night Dear Lord you done took so many of my people I'm just wonderin why you haven't taken my life (my life, my life) Like what the hell am I doin right? (doin right) My life (my life, my life) [The Game] + (Lil Wayne) Take me away from the hood, like a state penitentiary Take me away from the hood, in a casket or a Bentley Take me away, like I overdosed on cocaine Or take me away, like a bullet from Kurt Cobain Suicide, I'm from a +Windy City+, like Do or Die From a block close to where Biggie was crucified That was Brooklyn's Jesus, shot for no fuckin reason And you wonder why Kanye wears Jesus pieces? (my life, my life) Cause that's Jesus people, and Game, he's the equal Hated on some much "Passion of Christ" need a sequel Yeah, like Roc-a-Fella need a Sigel Like I needed my father, but he needed a needle (my life, my life) I need some meditation, so I can lead my people They askin why, why did John Lennon leave The Beatles? And why every hood nigga feed off evil? Answer my question 'fore this bullet leave this Desert Eagle [The Game] + (Lil Wayne) We are not the same, I am a Martian So approach my Phantom doors with caution You see them 24's spinnin? I earned 'em And I ain't no preacher but, here's my Erick Sermon So eat this black music, and tell me how it taste now And fuck Jesse Jackson cause it ain't about race now Sometimes I think about my life, with my face down Then I see my sons and put on that Kanye smile (my life, my life) Damn, I know his momma proud And since you helped me sell my +Dream+ we can share my momma now And like M.J.B., +No More Drama+ now Livin the +Good Life+, me and Common on common ground I spit crack, and niggaz could drive it out of town Got a Chris Paul mindstate, I'm never out of bounds My life used to be empty like a glock without a round Now my life full, like a chopper with a thousand rounds [The Game] + (Lil Wayne) Walk through the gates of hell, see my Impala parked in front With the high beams on, me and the devil sharin chronic blunts Listenin to the "Chronic" album, playin backwards Shootin at pictures of Don Imus for target practice My mind fucked up, so I cover it with a Raider hood I'm from the city that made you motherfuckers afraid of Suge {"Compton, Compton"} Made my grandmother pray for good It never made her happy, but I bet that new Mercedes could (my life, my life) Ain't no bars, but niggaz can't escape the hood And it took so many of my niggaz, that I should hate the hood But it's real niggaz like me, that make the hood Ridin slow in that Phantom just the way I should (my life, my life) With the top back, in my Sox hat I'm +Paid in Full+, the nigga Alpo couldn't stop that Even if they brought the nigga 'Pac back I'll still keep this motherfucker cocked back [Lil Wayne] My life (my life, my life) My life (my life, my life) My life (my life, my life) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: the Game feat. Jim Jones, Snoop Dogg, Nas, T.I., Fat Joe, lil Wayne NORE, Jadakiss, Styles P, Fabolous, Juelz Santana, Rick Ross, Twista, Tha Dogg Pound, WC, E-40, Bun B, Chamillionaire, Slim Thug, Young Dro, The Clipse, Ja Rule Album: One Blood 12" Song: One Blood (Remix) Typed by: rishi_brar@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Jim Jones Intro] Uh huh... Jones, Dipset... Byrdgang, bitch You know what it is When you see me two twelvin you homie You bitch niggaz keep triple ninin, have some integrity, bitch [Jim Jones] BALLLLLIN' Peace blood, peace almighty We all thugs and we run the streets nightly And get my lawyer, why? Cause I ain't coppin' out And I fuck wit b-boys who bring them choppers out One shot of that will have the boys bring the coppers out And we ballin, for all the toys is what we hoppin out My feary side, where we ride And we all fly high in the Leer G5's So, twist ya fingers up and bang, mufucka bang! Get ya money up, this cane is what we fuckin slang! And a 9 trey is what I fuckin' claim! It's Dipset Capo the Don of the Byrdgang! [Snoop Dogg] They call the D-O-Dub... wasn't really trippin cause 21, 20 crips and all of us is crippin, cuz We from a different street, all got that different heat But when we move the macs for Game, we on the same beat So if you fuck with blood, then you fuck wit us And we ain't bustin duds, watch out, cause we bustin slugs We sure to stay in touch and clean your mess up And if you from the West Coast, my nigga... w-w-w-w-WESTSIDE! [Nas] Game got at me about the remix, its an honor my nigga I made rap, one blood, that say I'm signin wit Jigga I got rappers gettin mad at me I got these new jack rappers tryin to clap at me I got these corny wannabe, diss-song kings on the radio Talkin bout how they gon spray, and take me away But I'm the true living, legend, I'm not to be questioned Have your whole hood holler shit about my progression [T.I.] You knowin my attitude shitty, only a buck fifty So I keep the smitty's wit me, shit, how many wit me? What, you scared? I'm prepared, in the MALL AND ALL! Wit two two's, you can call me QUICK DRAW McGRAW! Bitch, I'ma cut that fool, better CALL THE LAW! I start sprayin, make fuck nigga FALL AND CRAWL! I press play like Puff, no PAUSE AT ALL! Choppin holes in ALL THE WALLS, that's ALL THEY SAW! [The Game] Hip-Hop ain't dead, it just took a couple shots I bring it back to life, give it a couple shots The kings comin, no, I'm not Jay-Z Too many niggaz hate me, but they scared to face me This ain't a movie dog, no, not Waist Deep I'm not an actor, but I'll show your bitch Big Meek She givin one blood, one love, on dubs 140 thousand the first week... UHHH! [Fat Joe] All these niggaz wanna front trill with them stiff faces Till them niggaz lyin still up in stiff cases Within styrofome... and embalmin fluid I been gone too long and I'm down to lose it Somebody go and get this nigga a pint box And I ain't just talkin about a measly nine shots Yeah I'm chopper happy and my wrist loose Call me Goldie, I'll smack your bitch too! [Lil' Wayne] 504 gangsta, New Orleans soldier Bangin underwater, fuck around and soak ya Louisiana gunner, I'm bout my holster And if you gettin greasy, I'm an ulcer I'm bickin back, bein bool on the Eastside Or New Orleans where the bloods at the bee hive Ain't nothin sweet unless its presidential Cause that is where I sleep, now give me my key! [N.O.R.E.] New York get the blood money, dirty cash - still sweet We will black wall street by the swapmeet with heat Def Jam, they gonna flop him and Reggaeton ain't hot in The building no more... It's OKAY! I GET IT POPPIN! Back to the forest trees for deep, these little me's Who took believers an opportunity to breathe And you ain't gotta go overseas to see our rap shit You can come to left, round Queens and get jacked quick [Jadakiss & Styles P] (One blood) we used to the spillin (Came from the hood) so we used to the killin Used to the black males (makin cracksales in the buildin) (How else you get the benz) with the suede on the ceiling? (Blood in) blood out (me and homie) back to back (Both loaded workin) we about to pitch a (shut out) I'm New York's king, (I'm New York's hardest nigga) Anything in between's a (motherfuckin' target, nigga) D-B-(L-O-)C-K, (he spray) The hawk'll find a nice home (right where your cheeks stay) We got a mean team, (Hip-Hop dream team) Them boys is only in the projects on (green screen) Yeah, no security, (I'll put you on the respirator) I'm the bomb, (I'm the mothafuckin detonator) One (dutch), one (bud), one (burner), one (slug) Want a couple casualties, but we'll settle for just (one blood) [Fabolous] WHAT IT LOOK LIKE? All I say at most Shooters waitin on the word... JUST SAY IT LOS! I let these niggaz live, yes, I saw 'em pull the plug Havin goons pullin gloves, leave the room full of slugs Catch me trafficin, on maroon colored dubs Couple Africans, with balloons full of drugs If they like me, tell 'em line up While I sit behind team, point 'em out like a line up [Juelz Santana] Mic check, one two, one two, check I'm strapped, you strapped, let's play two on two Let's go, you're eyein us in the iron bus, BOOM! Leak ya, two liters of red juice, hawaiian punch So what you boys gon do to me? I'm born street Your life's sweet, MTV's Laguna Beach (damn!) Mama told me not to play with fire but She never told me I would grow to be a liar [Rick Ross] One love to the gangs, but I'm in the thangs Save the colors for the cars, see we kill for the fame (Ross) The boss made it, yeah, we floss flagrant Shame how I lost your life savings up in Las Vegas (Ross) I'm a heavy better, I'm a heavy seller Keep white in the office call it Jerry Heller Lettin off a hundred rounds, let the barrel pick And we gon sit here, wait for the derrelics [Twista] Bitch I got lords and gangstas, show me where them niggaz at Chi got two six's and kings, show me where them killas at Chi got them ballas and hustlers, show me where them figures at Game, where them triggers at? Aim at them fitted caps! He got the clips, I got the scope, let's get them choppers, nigga He got the kush, I got the dope, let's get it poppin, nigga Hurt him in that cherry six fo, shit ain't no stoppin, nigga Hit him in the head and the body with a bullet When I put him in the cemetary then I gotta holler out! [Daz] WHATTUP CUZ?!?! [Kurupt] Yeah rollin with two grips Glock holdin on the hip, rollin wit two clips Got two tiny locos ready to take trips Shake and make trips, high stakes to take grips But they know what's crackin cuz, cause as we huddle They hold cards down, nigga, like spades and pinochle West coast gang bang, riders erasin em Got funny niggaz raisin up and riders replacin em, cuz! [Daz Dillinger] Draped in blue, notorious gangsta crew RIP for niggaz who don't stay true Deep down in the crevices, see the jets veteran Dwellin in the land of the gang bang with fleshin I'm legendary, yes, yes, a westcoaster Throwin up two C's, wit two guns in my holster I'm from Long Beach city, a crip next to Compton Down wit my nigga Game, if you niggaz want problems From the streets to the suites, anywhere we can meet ????? to Compton, Slauson Swap Meet Worldwide, get swept away by the tide By G's, and BG's, O.G's, its time to RIIIIDE! [WC] Who the rider, looter through the gutter mayne? Trued up in them Carolina blue Hurricanes! From the westside, strivin to dead em Where them killers throw that third letter up Like Raymond Washington and Tookie Williams Blue jeans, blue strings, blowin blueberry green Cadillac on blue D's and a blue T Money thick as blue cheese, chunkin up the dub What the west be without Snoop and Dub C and one blood? [E-40] The Bay Area, fuckers, we pop em Open you up if you got a problem Up top, born in Cali-forn-ia Clean your clock, open your can of tuna Make a choice to see the hell or it's heaven Get your chest layed out wit the FM 57 This ain't nothin to do with nobody But in the Yay, there ain't nuttin to do but catch bodies [Bun B] I'm comin straight outta PAT, like Compton in all black But when we say what it do, they never say holla back Bun B, the uh, OG like '95 Air Max Neon green outta fight club off a fair facts Ask the hundreds, it's doable, I done done it At the summit of rap and I'm watchin you haters plummit Run to it or run from it, to Bun it don't differ Wipe the streets with ya like you a swiffer as a gifter, one blood! [Chamillionaire] I'm the realest youngster thats breathin, and I don't gotta give a reason Chamillionaire a millionaire, y'all competin to be competin! My purpose is to get the cheese and as a purpose that should defeatin So shut your mouth, have a seat and be quiet till I finish eatin My label tells me I'm greedy, hoggin all the room on your tv Like +Eric+ they think its +Eazy+, but it isnt easy believe me Need to make a room in B.E. television if you wanna be me Game said he made room for Jeezy, I had to make room for me, G! [Slim Thug] Its one blood if you blood or cuz From that number one thug, its still one love I rep my blue boy team but I do it for green I do it for my folks, vice lords and kings All us trappers, future rappers, standin out on the blocks Tryna get up out the hood mayne, and stack 'em a knot Put ya sets in the air, scream fuck the cops! We gon rep for the hood mayne, like it or not! [Young Dro] My feed mashable, murders are catastrophical Cars is improbable, I'm overcomin obstacles Trappin, I made it logical, my topic is impossible I got a partner named Shoe Strang, cause shorty real crossable Shark meat to Papadough's, cars be tropical All guns choppable, all blocks are mobbable I am unstoppable, my calico is toxable Lyrically diabolical, cushion is not ??? [The Clipse] Red rum, red rum (such power in the tongue) Never in the wildest, (was he talkin to them) Style on niggaz, (but feel it to the numb) Japanese thread, (brought flavor to these bums) Consider me the savior, (look what the lord gave ya) My celebrated presence (like the return of Rayful) Frolic in the snow, so playful (And revivin the track) like we flowin through jumper cables (What duo) you know (get XXL kudos) while coppin off Coolio (Classic shit) we mastered this, (left for dead) I'm back, (I'm Lazareth) [Ja Rule] Shit, one trip, one blood, LA, New York The Game, the Rule, one love, guns up Hands down, can't touch, the flow is a bit much The style, wanna keep up? I advise you to speed up With money movin like coke, these days gotta re-up G up, cop some heaters and dare a nigga to act up You see us, in dual seaters and throw it up! Its all hood, niggaz rep your sets if your cuz or (blood) ...Niggaz, we all bleed! These niggaz can't breathe Only because the guns are drawn and aimed to part Niggaz that got bullets with names on them! Want em, come get 'em niggaz, y'all know where to get at me Look at me, now pass me, maybe you can be half me You bastards, I'm laughin, bullets stickin in family Who sadly gets torn between one crip and one (blood) Y'all niggaz know me, haha... yeah! Artist: The Game f/ Lil Wayne Album: R.E.D. Song: Red Nation Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Verse One: The Game] Throw your motherfuckin Cincinnati hats in the sky, nigga dont ask why Red laces in and out of them Air Max nine five's I, walk on the moon, flow hotter than June Any nigga want drama I kick up a sand dune Peace to my man Tune for givin his man room Now we hittin switches to the Spring Break Cancun Get it, nah forget it, Soo Woo I live it Made the letter B more famous than a Red Sox fitted But that was suicide, I dont live in Judahs eyes Half of these rappers werent trappin when I was choppin the do or die Suge had me in I went Puffy like Zab Judah eye Dre called told my baby mama wont you decide She chose Doc, first day I pulled dude aside  Like its Aftermath for life and all I do is ride Before I turn on him I kill Satan  And stick my red flag in the ground Its Red Nation!!! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Uh! Now Blood the fuck up!!! Everydays a gamble motherfucker tough luck And we 'gon fuck the World 'til that bitch bust nuts I cant tell ya what's good but I can tell ya what's what And thats!!!! Bs up, hoes down!!! Lookin in the mirror Im nowhere to be found Blood Im a dog call me a blood hound Throwin blood in the air leave blood on the ground!!!! [Verse 2: The Game] Niggas will trade they soul to be Drake or J. Cole Live and die for this shit word to Tupac Shakurs halo One blood plural, nigga Im spendin Euros Ferrari got an ice cream paint job, Dorrough Im up out the hood, where they pull them guns on you like Come up out ya hood, it ain't never all good We roll up in backwoods, nigga get to actin stupid Get thrown in the back woods Los Angeles  Home of the scandalous, pimp hoes and gamblers  98 degrees on Christmas nigga we rollin cannibus Swisha sweet aint it, I told her Im Charles Louboutin The bitch fainted pulled her panties down stained it Thats my Chi-lingo, yeah Im bi-lingual Ball by myself nigga Ochocinco Dancing With The Stars, bullets and fast cars And everybody bleed out here word to God!!! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Uh! Now Blood the fuck up!!! Everydays a gamble motherfucker tough luck And we 'gon fuck the World 'til that bitch bust nuts I cant tell ya what's good but I can tell ya what's what And thats!!! Bs up, hoes down!!! Lookin in the mirror Im nowhere to be found Blood Im a dog call me a blood hound Throwin blood in the air leave blood on the ground!!!! [Verse Three: The Game] Russia got a red flag U.S. got red stripes Last Train To Paris 'round the World in these red Nikes Che Guevara of the New Era test me Louisville slugger youll get buried in my Era Got that 'natti on, tighter than a magnum Walk in the club saggin with a 38 magnum Red Ralph Lauren's, the double R sittin on a Hill like Lauryn Her and the car foreign got my red Dre Beats on, tryin to put my peeps on And I keep it hood like this Phantom is a Nissan Where my nigga Jim Jones at? Roll up the weed son So many Bloods in Compton had to get a N.Y.C. song And while Im out here, I might as well go shoppin And put this new bad bitch I got her some red bottoms And all these hatin ass niggas want me dead 'Cause Im Malcolm X before he turned muslim, RED!!! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Uh! Now Blood the fuck up!!! Everydays a gamble motherfucker tough luck And we 'gon fuck the World 'til that bitch bust nuts I cant tell ya what's good but I can tell ya what's what And thats!!! Bs up, hoes down!!! Lookin in the mirror Im nowhere to be found Blood Im a dog call me a blood hound Throwin blood in the air leave blood on the ground!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Lil Wayne Album: Purp & Patron (Mixtape) Song: Soo Woo Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Lil Wayne] Pardon my gang affil But you're stepping on a rod in the danger field Weezy Baby, how do the Manger feel? Respect my aim because I aim to kill Hahaha, Old bitch ass nigga Abercrombie and Fitch ass nigga I talk rich shit because I'm a rich ass nigga I hope you in the zone because I pitch fast nigga Ha, I smoke something bitch My money comes faster than the roadrunner bitch I keep it on the side just in case you might wonder Tech 9 Four 5 just in case you like numbers Haha, bitch nigga we might jump ya 2 Step all in yo face, we might Unk ya Hahaha, bandana on the right side East side until I die You better change like it's Mardi Gras And we pull guns like Quick Draw McGraw See I'm from New Orleans, Louisiana And he's from Compton, baby, bandana We carry them caskets, we tote them hammers Su to the Woop, yeah, that's our grammar Lemme hear you say Su Woo Su Woo, Su Woo [The Game] Young Money And that's perfect cause perfect is to me What's perfect as Hallie or a jab from Ali So capitalise the P cause perfect is Godly Black Wall Street, the perfect family, The Cosby All I need is a perfect bitch How's B, I passed the baton on Solange I'm sure like Al B but a boujy B would never give me the perfect PIRU Hello Brooklyn I can't see, cause if I did I would SNOOP DOGG Cut it in half and you will see that this Philadelphia piece on my head Like a low Ceaser, wear it to the hood and get me street cred like Four Visa's niggaz fucking with Weezy, I will slow leak em Hang em from a telephone pole like my old sneakers Red bandana for no reason Put Weezy on and the NO bleedin', yeah [Lil Wayne - Chorus] You better change like it's Mardi Gras And we pull guns like Quick Draw McGraw See I'm from New Orleans, Louisiana And he's from Compton, baby, bandana We carry them caskets, we tote them hammers Su to the Woop, yeah, that's our grammar Lemme hear you say Su Woo Su Woo, Su Woo [The Game] Can't stop the red bandana, even if you put me in a cage full of orangurtan's I'll show you how bangers bang Four five cocked back, move the crowd like Dana Dane Switch plates, paint the Range Leave so much blood on the wall look like the fucking painters came Dead wrong ain't it man I told niggaz I ain't a Game All black gold chain, looking like the saint is playin' He sold a milli, I'm vanilli So it ain't a thing to make it rain in a hundred dollar bills We throwing paper planes Riding through the N.O. Red Marc Jacob frames We disappear like David Blaine And pop up at the Lakers game They playing the seeds with Paul ? in the B's That make the ref affiliated, everytime he hit a three Ken Griffy lost all his fans, taking off his red top Bloods in New York like Manhattan took a head shot I'm one blood, he's the Carter with the dread locks My whole team run base, we the fucking Red Sox. [Lil Wayne - Chorus x2] You better change like it's Mardi Gras And we pull guns like Quick Draw McGraw See I'm from New Orleans, Louisiana And he's from Compton, baby, bandana We carry them caskets, we tote them hammers Su to the Woop, yeah, that's our grammar Lemme hear you say Su Woo Su Woo, Su Woo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Freeway, Jadakiss, Lil Wayne, Raekwon Album: GhostDeini the Great Song: Run (Remix) Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Ghostface Killah] Pss.. yo, yo, yo (yo son roll!) Oh shit, yo, yo, run! [Ghostface Killah] Aiyo, I jumped from the 8th floor step, hit the ground The pound fell, cops is coming Runnin' through the pissy stairwells, I ain't hear nothin' Buggin', only thing I remember was the bullshit summon so I stopped at the 2nd floor, ran across, cracks is fallin' My pockets is lean, clean when I vanished off Took off, made track look easy The walkie talkies them D-E-T's had, black, they was rated P.G. Run, I will not give up, no, quick flag the car down Take me to.. Ghost here they come now! Errr! Pull off quick, back up, hit the bitch, dog Turned down Hill, light the Marley spliff Run! I will not get bagged on the rock Run! I seen what happened to Un, they bad with they cops Run! They am' shit, plan shit, destroy evidence Fuck a case, I'm not comin' home when I'm fifty six Die with the heart of Scarface and take fifty licks Before I let these crackers throw me and shit Bounce if you a good kid, bounce, do the bird hop Curse, swerve to get served, these cocksuckers got nerve Heard I was killin' shit, they must got word That I told the chief on Rich Port I don't wanna merge [Raekwon] I skated through the back of the building, hit the steps up Ran up in Kay crib, lay daddy rest I had to break free, police on me and they FB's Yelling "I think his name Lex, that's his aunt, freeze" That's when I hit the window, indo' coming out the back room Boom, Pretty and his man, Black Caesar Damn, they saw me and they bustin' at me Cab just missed me, plus them goochie frames, foul, that's six fifty Stop back at suite, them leaf defense slid through my man garden Yelled out 'pardon', kept it moving, peace Build be gone, ain't no honor amongst thieves Please, plus they heard I'm getting parmagane cheese And I won't stop moving til the metal dig me Say word, yo, make 'em work for it, young rookie, ya'll need me That's when it is, what it is, if it's that or the cup But in the ill gangstas book what they niggas do is [Chorus: Ghostface Killah] Run! If you sell drugs in the school zone Run! If you gettin' chased with no shoes on Run! Fuck that! Run! Cops got, guns! They givin' out life like by the tons Run! If you ain't do shit, you it That next felony, nigga, it's like three zip So, run! Hop fences, jump over benches! When you see me comin' get the fuck out the entrance! Run! Fuck that! Run! Cops got guns! [Interlude: Jadakiss (Ghostface Killah)] Ah-hah! I might gotta take my shirt off (yeah, kid...) I like that one (uh-huh, go in, go in!) [Jadakiss] Yo, uh, it's Task Force Tuesday, the NARCS is in the black car I got five hundred, hundred packs in my backyard Clear twelve-twelve's, that look like stuff shells I'm cuttin' niggas throats on the sails, while they puff L's Don't leave nothin' unbagged, shave everything I learned from the O.G.'s to save everything (to save everything) They come by one more time, they gon' hop out They two deep, and one is a bitch, she gettin' knocked out Then I can get rid of the pack But I just copped this pretty chrome thing, so I'm dippin' with that Uh, down-shiftin' on 'em like I got gears on me (Run!) Besides that, I got about 5 years on me (Run!) Scared to death, runnin' like I got bears on me (Run!) My Timb's start feelin' like they Nike Air's on me (Run!) It's hard for me to slow down, it's like I'm on the Throughway My belt's in the crib on the floor by my two-way Now I'm try'nna hold my hammer up, and my pants too If they don't kill me, they gon' give me a number I can't do Rather it be the streets, then jail where I die at And I'm ashmatic, so I'm lookin' for somewhere to hide at But they too close, and I got this new toast 'Magine if I would of let off a shot or two, you know what I gotta do [Freeway] Free hold east coast whole, boxing the Philly down Down to Dela', when ya'll rarely toting the milli round I bring the milli to ya house, I was just down south Carolina had the milli down there Pearl Beach had the heater in reach, and four freaks In Hooters, I made 'em lose it when they heard freedom of speech Told them freaks that I gotta run, I'm on the run But they tried to make me stay, they showed me two hooters a piece I stayed for a second but you know I gotta skate It's like a race, cops chase me, I'm chasing the moon Before I left the premise, saw two more bitches They told me they was witches, told me hop on they broom I did, and then we went zoom Don't you know them witches got me outtie wit the quickness I'm buggin', I'm trippin' in reality I'm skitzin' The cops got me trapped in the Audi wit the Smith & [Interlude: Lil Wayne] D-Boy, yeah, Birdman Jr. in ya building, people I'mma let you know how it go on my side of the mountain, whoadie [Lil Wayne] It's sure about does that you heard me And I dropped in effect since 9/11 I'm on the avenue with nines, elevens, I'm a two times felon That's why I keep the top up, on my 9-11 Pele, in New Orleans, ain't got no Rico law So I keep that heat in the car, but they don't know I had that 'dro in the seat of the car But it's hot right now, so you can see me tomorrow Ay, Ghostface, the youngins on the block duckin' blue & red lights While your boy bypassing fare light But if them cock suckers ever get me dead right Three hots and the cops swallow weed and a knife, right? I speed at night, take it easy in the day Go hard wit the dough, take it easy wit the yae Yup, Lil' Weezy, I get my loot up But at the pull up, come, I say my crew run run, boy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gucci Mane f/ Cam'Ron, Lil Wayne Album: The State vs. Radric Davis Song: Stupid Wild Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: "Ohhh!" repeats 3X in the background] Gucci! (Sonny) Gucci! Brr, brr, brr [Gucci Mane] I'm the fire, you say you're mo' fire then nigga you a liar Homey you and I, know the truth, but that's 'tween you and I Stupid jewelry on me yeah, stupid jewelry on me now If you think you fin' to shit on Gucci then just show me how Someone dissed me yesterday, what I'm 'posed to do - go cry? Put my money chasin million dollar mission on the side? Cha-cha-chicken in my Lambo', bought two drumsticks and a thigh I'm so hood right now I press a switch and gets my get high Stupid wild, super stupid wild, homey that's my style Girls fightin, hoes fist fightin, just to touch my towel Gettin smart smart, I ain't been this hard in a while Blow top off, I ain't been this hard in a while [Chorus: Gucci Mane] Stupid wild, super stupid wild, homey that's my style {*4X*} Every single night I'm ball-lin Sippin on the drank, girls craw-lin Mostly every night I'm countin, countin Niggaz wanna fight but I'm shootin, shootin {*2X*} [Lil Wayne] Wilder than a jaguar, whylin in a Jaguar Ple-please don't play with me I'll put that pistol on your grandpa I swear I'm so wild I think I just may need a sand bar And if she on my team I bet that bitch know who she playin for Mr. Coach Carter, or Mr. Go Harder And I like my kush dry like a fish with no water Swag-swagger stupid perfect, I might as well surf it And if she ain't fuckin she get the voicemail service Tell it like it be, bitch I do it for the Bloods And every fuckin time I say su-woo it's for the Bloods We do this like I love, man I do it like I does And, if you wanna fight then come on you can fight my guns Ha ha ha~! Weezy mayne Young Money [Cam'Ron] Let's do the first, his and hers Started gettin on my nerves so I hit her with a "BURR!" Hustlers love me, all the haters hate me They brothers wanna fight me, they sisters wanna date me I tell her bless it baby, you could be my bust it baby But stay in yo' place I need my space; don't suffocate me Please! Back back don't approach us Nope! Clack clack, click gats into holsters Cops in black control they control us Treat us like rats and roaches But the blue Benz, got the blue lamps And your wifey well we use her for her food stamps (true) Ain't no big deal, but she keep the fridge filled Eggs scrambled, cheese grilled, cold juice, the grits kill! Don't forget veal, Italiano, Gallardo Yeah them big wheels - like milk your wig spilled We'll rush in your spot, knock knock sock or the Glock It Gucci turn huh? You gon' suck it or not? [Gucci Mane] Bitches wanna fuck me, mainly Cause I got a catch and I'm famous I'm tryin to hold my head above water, water Stack a million cash I just oughta, oughta My chain cost a stack cause I'm Gu-cci My wardrobe Gucci'd out like I'm boo-stin I shine this all the time yeah I'ma shine (brr) shine Wanna hate me? Get a ticket and join the line, fine It's Gucci!! {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gucci Mane f/ Baby, Jadakiss, Lil Wayne Album: The State vs. Radric Davis Song: Wasted (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Burrr! It's Young BURRR~! Ay, "The State vs. Radric Davis" It's still Gucci And we wasted! Huh [Chorus: Gucci Mane] Rock star lifestyle, might don't make it (wasted!) Livin life high, every day clique wasted (wasted!) Sippin on purple stuff, rollin up stanky (wasted!) Wake up in the mornin, ten o'clock drankin (wasted!) Party party party let's all get wasted (wasted!) Shake it for me baby girl, do it butt naked (wasted!) I'm so wasted, she so wasted (wasted!) Tell the bartender send me twenty more cases [Gucci over beginning of Chorus] Whassup man? Birdman in the building My boy Weezy Jadakiss, Gucci! ... wasted! [Gucci Mane] My alias is Gucci Mane, my name is Radric Davis (who?) If you take the time to step in front my shine, that time is wasted (wow) See I don't got time to waste, 'less I waste it with the crew Your girl drunk, she dropped it low and waste Crist' all over my shoes (Well damn!) Back to the bass (back to, back to, back to) man I'm racist Though I'm not my Range Caucausian plus my goons smoke like Jamaicans You hot but hatin on me you sleepy; Gucci ain't hot? Homeboy you trippin Still concealin coke in my car, so so yo' kinfolks gon' keep drippin I'm movin that 'caine like I'm movin my Range Don't soil my name just step up yo' game I'ma leave this game same way that I came Cain't waste my breath no need to explain Baby girl I wasted it on my bracelet (burrr) Didn't wanna walk through we maded it This Wasted Remix with Baby, Wayne and 'Kiss and I cremated it (GU-CCI~!) [Lil Wayne] Ahh! Rock star lifestyle might not make it President got him in the White House naked Looked at the clock and it said right now Get a pound, break it down, blow it like trial Penn & Teller Dutchie, wine in my tall glass Young Money baby, big shit like a horse ass Stacks in my backpack, shades on, hat back Bugatti bat black, where they do that at? South beach, Miami ho, I'm probably with Tammy To' My life is a video, and the women want that cameo I just want them pantyhose and I'm higher than Geronimo And I got them tools tell them boys to get mechanical [Jadakiss] D-Block! AHHHH! Yo Rock star lifestyle might not make it (uh-uh) Wasted, just performed "We Gon' Make It" (yeah) Bitches get naked off the stones in the bracelet (haha) Said you got coke, I brought a fiend along to taste it (uhh) Money come fast now, we ain gotta chase it (nah) Kush got a nigga feelin like he in The Matrix Hennessey, Patron, Grey Goose, Aces (yeah) Alcohol, tobacco, firearm cases (ATF) Duffle bag double up, big, faces (yes) Tony Montana shit, crib, spacious (yes) Futuristic automobiles, spaceships (ha) Jadakiss laced it, the remix, "Wasted" [Birdman] Uptown, yeah nigga Shinin like chandeliers Big money make a pearl handle with two clips Cash Money, Young Money fly, in new whips All white pearl, money from the earl Poppin Dom P, iced out my baby girl Catch me in the club with my mac and my strap on Bitches high rollin, white doves gettin they freak on Get my clap on, get my money on Shinin all the time, now watch me bring it home S-so she love me, how we do this? Maybach, lay back, baby how we do this Longest jet G4, high to the sky bitch Mo' money than I've seen, no ceiling bitch [Chorus] - 1/2 {*echoes at end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gudda Gudda f/ Lil Wayne Album: Guddaville (Mixtape) Song: Demolition Freestyle Pt. 1 Typed by: AZ Lyrics And I don't wanna talk about it Gangsta shit right in front of you nigga walk around it Nigga let me do me They know I kick it like Jet lee Bruce lee And I've done what they can't do me I'll put my gun up to your aunt suzie And blow out a dubie paint her rubie I am a looney you niggas puny I puke on the beat I juke and never fumble Man I spit that dope like I swallowed the bundle Gotta spit that dope up cause the old heads said if you don't itll bust Heard if I sell it hard itll rush but if them people come if it's soft itll flush Certainly don't get caught in the blind and keep yo curtain straight No I don't drink wine but I smoke purple grape sometimes see purple stars And I ain't talking about purple bapes I gets paid early cause I be workin late too many pain for memories shit hurt to say Crack flow no bake just stir and shake Shootin when we pull up like erkle waste Sip syrup got me movin at a turtle pace But quick draw pop out like a turtle face Paid in full you can't murk the ace I kill the beat and beat the murder case That's right I'm a kill this shit And if the glov don't fit I'm a need a catchers mitt Cause I'm high like a pitch yeah I'm high like a pitch like Mariah and shit I guess I'm higher than a bitch Keep it dirty like I'm lion in the ditch Like Eli I'm from new Orleans I'm a giant in this bitch Move the G and add an S and put the I before the N And put the A in front of that and that is what I am to the end That's a Saint muthafucka simplify it for them where your funeral comes with a 2nd line at the end yeah But you won't be second linin with them Cause you be in the hearse that's behind all of them I see your homies dressed in black like they finna ride with But fashion statement is tell a lie I'm pelican fly Mack 11 inside My bullets come with wings and your cerebellum can fly fuckin right o yeah Young money we are Sick as gonorrhea Like nausea heart burn indigestion upset stomach and diarrhea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gudda Gudda f/ Lil Wayne Album: Guddaville (Mixtape) Song: Demolition Freestyle Pt. 2 Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Gudda Gudda] More money, More bitches More work, More haters, Equals more snitches More digits? No. More commas Me affiliated with trend setters equals more drama Weezy Obama, th-that's my co-signer You see Osama, in my persona Steamin' like a sauna Sick I need a doctor Stap you before I drown you Now you just another Red Lobster Where the bitches at? I need a head doctor, nice thick and red Bitch you fuckin' with a top-shotta T-t-top dolla' Nigga young money We got old money Don't play dumb money All black whips All red Flags Put that red dot on yo head, Play head tag Real niggas missin, When I'm preachin' to 'em Now we all know money talks cause' I'm speakin to 'em [Verse 2: Lil Wayne] But I ain't speakin' to 'em I call my guns jumpers, Cause' my bullets just leapin' to 'em All you boys busters So soft, Bet the wind blew 'em I claim flame, I am just rekindlin' My intuition is get paid But this glock will knock you back to 5th grade I... School you nigga, but none you's get A's Got a bitch who won't stop, til' everyone of us get laid All you niggas is son-of-a-bitch made And if ya girlfriend utta, I cut her like switch blades (Yeah) We ride like roller blades Now gone give me head til' it fall off of you shoulder babe I smoke all day, that's why I'm so away Mentally mind blow, now gone and blow away Yaw niggas just super fake I put you niggas on mute, Then I mutilate (Yeah) I mac like the computer say My hoess coop-er-ate, I mean cooperate I don't know how to say Oh but I gotta say I just 4, 5 away to ain't no one alive to say That I 4, 5'ed away Then I drive away Paper chasin' money runnin like ondalay Better find a way Better not be M.I-way I take it farther than zembabway I make it harder for the wimps I stay on they necks no lettin up And I tote that can opener, Make me bust yo 7-up Heaven up Hell down Man down Gayle down And I keep that hammer, Do you wanna get nailed down? Better kneal down Cause' I am the god I am the harder mu'fucka to try and before My diet is shaw I ryer than wall Fightin' 'em all Bitin' 'em all Giant or small I am a dog I can smile at dumb bitches and brighten 'em all I am a hog Rightin' all I just lay that pipe and I'm off Call me plumber And give your girl my number Humbra I am a bumble... bee on the humble Your girlfriend want my pickle and my cucumber Tell yo boy-frann I'll turn him to a vegatable Break a nigga down like a decimal I'm tellin' you I'm very cool Non-less a fool Fuckin' up my revenue I tote that whatever dude I shoot at whatever dude Just bought a lambrogini mar-cee-el-lo-goo And my guuuh' from the bay say it's hella cool Where's the heli-pad? My helicopter land I shot the man, If I'm not the man Do I go in? Or I go in? I'm not yo friend, I'm not yo kin I'll make your brain come out your chin Been in the game since the beginning I'm all about winning I look down I see them, When I look up I don't see any You pooh like winnie Do I diddy? I just left, But your boo right with me And I'm from never do right city But don't get me wrong, Young money I'm gone... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gudda Gudda f/ Channell, Lil Wayne, Mack Maine Album: Guddaville (Mixtape) Song: Sacrifice Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Mack Maine] Don't be scared now I'll have you sweating so hard you'll need 3 or 4 towels After that, all I need is 3 or 4 showers Just to get the blood off in 3 or 4 hours Then come to through your hood and get like, 3 or 4 cowards You think your bison like you play for Howard But you's a duck like Howard I make you fall like the towers I cut your arm off and tell you to reach Then I cut your tongue off and I tell you to speak My niggas in a circle in the middle of a bonfire They quick to become arsonists to set you on fire The flesh start to smell, but who gives a fuck? Heaven or hell nigga, you need to pick one Brrrp, stick 'em, now you become a victim Yeah, you become a victim, yeah, you become a victim I'm evil like three 6's nigga minus the mafia And ain't no brace on my shit, nigga, ain't no stoppin' a Young cannibal, cut you like a cantalope I mistreat bodies, for breakfast I eat bodies You could smell fear in the distance [? ] All of their lives Come with us home, better witness their, Sacrifice We could take your body to the project for a sacrifice We could take your body to the project for a sacrifice We could take your body to the valley for a sacrifice We could take your body to the valley for a sacrifice [Lil Wayne] It's Weezy F. Crazy You scary ass rappers on the beat I'm wes craven But I'm eastside till I reside in the grave And you walk in my basement and see the bodies I'm saving Blood bath flow, yes it's time for some bathing Shotty with a drum and I'm a play it like a cadence Invasion, I cook ya like the Asians Put bread on ya head like a raisin You a danish, you need glazing Pardon me man, but I'm craving I got you in the oven, but I'm waiting I'm patient, for my patient Yeah, There's a meeting in my kitchen Shhh, there's rappers sleeping in my kitchen Young money creatures Kill your sweet ass then eat you motherfucker You could smell fear in the distance [? ] All of their lives Come with us home, better witness their, Sacrifice We could take your body to the project for a sacrifice We could take your body to the project for a sacrifice We could take your body to the valley for a sacrifice We could take your body to the valley for a sacrifice [Gudda Gudda] We take your body for a motherfucking sacrifice See you in hell bitch meet me in the afterlife Minivan, duct tape, knife in my hand Nigga, knife to your head, you're my sacrificial lamb Nigga, I can smell blood like a hound, I see dead people Paint the scene, I'm a leave a bunch of red people Saddam, I bomb, I'm insane, Hussein Assault rifle with the drum, nigga, with the blue flame Blood on my glove, while I'm burying the witness Cut your limbs off, I'm on my Jeffrey Dahmer sick shit For real I'm I'll, we marching like the military Coffins everywhere, this the rap cemetery You niggas sweet, get ate like Ben N' Jerrys You niggas very fairy Tell frail better go and say your Hail Mary Rocket launcher bitch, I'm a throw a Hail Mary Young Gudda Biach You could smell fear in the distance [? ] All of their lives Come with us home, better witness their, Sacrifice We could take your body to the project for a sacrifice We could take your body to the project for a sacrifice We could take your body to the valley for a sacrifice We could take your body to the valley for a sacrifice The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gudda Gudda f/ Lil Wayne Album: Back 2 Guddaville (Mixtape) Song: Small Thing to a Giant Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Gudda Gudda] I'm bout that drama, You fucking with tha cannon nigga Got a gangsta grill yellow diamonds when I rambo nigga So don't cross we got ammo like Rambo nigga Lifes a gamble you craped out you bad gambling nigga Nigga moving fast gotta pump the brakes on em They better pump em fast before I beat the brakes off em My goons real hungry looking for a big break And you's a real phony looking like a big steak So get your shit straight, Before I grab this big ape Hit you in your left eye now you can't see shit straight Ray Charles nigga blind to the fact While you was in your class, I was grinding and getting scratched The knife grind you and you scratched Now you crying like a bitch, You a bird got wings I'm a fly you with the pack, Uh These little niggas got the nerves These niggas under me I put you under my wing, nigga you's a son to me [Chorus: Gudda Gudda] Small thing to a giant Small thing to a giant Small thing to a giant Small thing to a giant [Lil Wayne] Yeah, Guess What?, Streets off paper And me, I'm praying for probation Like my ancestors prayed for segregation I'm a predator when I pray, I don't mean meditation I mean vegetation, Fuck the Feds and fuck the Federation And every agent, Man I want an Asian, Sex her like a geisha Get up in her stomach like Ignacio, Let me stop Naa let me keep going, C4ing, We blowing Up you better be detouring if we touring then she snoring cause he boring Shorty need a refund bring it back And when it comes to me she pre-ordering and reordering and reordering And I be ballin and I'm free falling and I sleep out of that pussy And when she calling I don't answer But she keep calling and keep calling And we ballin like we ballin As a matter of fact like street ballin We evolving, They dissolving Cincinatti Reds hat, Red black Cops find your body but they don't know where your head at Uh, I'm goin in like wet pussy, No money, That sound like debt to me Bitch I don't give a motherfuck Yea I'm leanin, Bout to pour me up another cup Yea I'm high, Bout to roll me up another blunt I rolled a Biggie Smalls... Heres another one I'm in love with Wayne, Long hair don't care Bitch call me Rick James, Hahaha Weezy that nigga, And don't forget da baby you fucking babysitter [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Small thing to a giant Small thing to a giant Small thing to a giant And this a small thing to a giant [Gudda Gudda] I'm goin in like I'm goin home 20 thousand on my wrist and my neck that's my rolling stone Went from being broke to not a pot to piss in Now I gotta pocket full of dead politicians Stop nigga listen Cause I'm a bout to rape the game down No toilet paper on me while I'm shitting Fly boy hover over niggas like a flying saucer YMOB, Don't make me call the bosses YM gon eat and run like break-fast Been running for too long it's time to take cash And I'm a smoke the game cause no air kills And for the money I eat beats up like bear grylls Bitches love me when they stare I give them rare chills But money is over her, She can't see in a pair of heels Young nigga bout to bleed the game Throw a stack at dem hoes and tell em keep the change Gasoline flow light the match, Watch it spark Fire jumpin off my lips everytime I talk Living legend in the flesh, I'm the champ yes I'm serving niggas like my name is Pete Sampras Get hyphy if you want and I'm a shake them dreads And go dumb with the tool upside your head Who want it? You get em, I taunt em Take all his money then I take a shit on him Your whole click is phony, My little ponys Gudda walk alone and shit my shadow is my army Why I need a nigga when I got my tool on me My little buddy got bullets like the army Military thoughts like I trained with Al-Qaida Raid a niggas crib with a box cutter razor Look, So bow down to the chief the the champ Dictator in the streets nigga signed and stamped Gudda! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gudda Gudda f/ Lil Wayne Album: Back 2 Guddaville (Mixtape) Song: Willy Wonka Typed by: AZ Lyrics I I I don't like the look of it I I I don't like the look of it I I I don't like the look of it [Verse 1: Gudda Gudda] ok I'm sipping on the syrup got a nigga mioving slow I'm all bout the money what the fuck you think I do it for just don't act like you ain't know I'm killing these rap ass niggas costing them thier caskets for your motherfucking funeral keep these women with me shit I gotta keep two or more party everyday like we won the fucking superbowl chilling with my nigga mack he keeps bitches handy white girls on the table let them sniff the nose candy when I'm walking by the women say who is that nigga I reply I'm gudda gudda that nigga I was raised in a home of cap splitters whip on 24s watch it crawl like a caterpillar I come with a toy boy like a happy meal and you a motherfucking duck daffy dale from the school of hard knocks where we scrap and kill pick the kinfe with gunna you could get the package deal I'm hot nigga burning everything around me I was lost for a minute took a while but I found me the streets say I'm king but the game will never crown me realest nigga doing it just ask the nigga round me so you can't size me up but try to clown a shark jump in the water and I'm a drown ya new orleans gun out I'm a down ya put niggas to sleep like a downer I'm a great white you a flounder fish ain't a bitch i'll tuna everything around ya you hoe gudda move everything around ya It's young money bitch at the top is where they found us nigga (wayne sparks up) [Verse 2: Lil Wayne] goons I'm back marley don't shoot 'em silence on a gun watch a nigga mute 'em the coach and the boot call me jon gruden schooled these nigga they all my students all jokes aside I ain't playing with ya the weed broke down like a transmission choppers spin like a ballerina I'm still spitting like I ate a jalapeno I'm from uptown my bitchs from argentina my pockets on fat like joey cartagena stunt so hard it's all ya'll fault and when it come to beef give me a-1 sauce I ain't worrying about shit everything paid catch me poolside in dwayne wades house wth a high yellow bitch with her legs out catch money president but we in red house who the fuck want it name a fucking day blow the candles out my nigga cut the cake I gotta eat bitch like a runaway ya'll niggas ain't eating stomache ok all these bitches and niggas still hatin I used to be ballin but now I'm bill gating fuck you with my iphone bumpin illmatic I'm on the road to riches it's just a lil traffic hair still platic fuckins a habit keep my guitar hip hop manny cravis bought your bad bitches and I fuck 'em like rabbits dope big weezy your girlfriends a addict uh I I don't I I don't I don't like the look of it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Enrique Iglesias f/ Lil Wayne Album: Insomniac Song: Push Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Lil Wayne - Rap Verse 1ne] Tribal, yeah right, hehe Hey mamma, they call me Weezy And you should be wit me, I got a pocket full of Visas Baby, I could bless you and you ain't even sneezy I'll be at your rescue and you don't even need me I could have you dreamin when you ain't even sleepin Mamma, I could help you get off, like the weekend She said she wanna do it to the new Enrique I pop the disc in and put the song on replay.. And then she backed it up like replay Hehehe [Enrique Iglesias - Verse 1ne] (Lil Wayne) When you're near me.. Girl, I try to hide it, but I can't escape it Oh baby... Please forgive me.. When I think of you, my thoughts are so X-rated (Gotta forgive me, baby) Oh baby.. Baby, I don't give a damn I know that your man's nowhere in sight, whoa-whoa.. And your eyes don't tell a lie I know you wanna come with me, tonight And I say alright, but first you gotta.. Push, push, back up on me (GiiiiRRRRL..) Make me believe you want it Push, push, back up on me (GiiiRRRRL..) Girl, I can't go home lonely Push, push, back up on me (GiiiRRRRL..) Go ahead, lay it on me Don't stop until the morning (GiiiRRRL..) Just keep pushing back on me [Interlude] (girl) Do you want me? - (You know it) Do you need me? - (You know it!) Will you please me? - (You know it) Will you tease me? - (You know it!) [Verse 2wo] (Lil Wayne) Baby, I..(Let's go) I'm the kinda guy that don't get real excited (Yea!) Oh baby... When you have...(Yeah) When you have your private party, I hope that I'm invited (Yep) Oh baby.. Baby, I don't give a damn I know that your man's nowhere in sight  (Whatcha man gotta do wit me? Tell me!) And your eyes don't tell a lie I know you wanna come with me, tonight And I say alright (well, let's go!), but first you gotta.. [Chorus w/ Lil Wayne ad-libs] [Lil Wayne - Rap Verse 2wo] Okay, so after you back it up, just stop Now drop it like it's hot, and pop it like a glock And sto it like a watch, now move it like clockwork Ya body is screamin and ya booty is an outburst She wanna do it, do it with no delay I told her I could run it, run it just like relay Yeah, 'cause I'm cool, just like the breeze way And +Push It+ like Salt-N-P-E-P-P-A [Chorus 2X w/ Lil Wayne ad-libs again] [Lil Wayne - Outro] Mr. Morales... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Lil Wayne Album: The Last Kiss Song: Death Wish Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  Death wish, death wish, death wish, death wish Death wish, death wish, death wish [Jadakiss] AH-HAHHHH! Yeah, yo, they must got a death wish Cause they was on the +Road to the Riches+  back in the day, but they got off on the exit Real disrespect shit - whenever a nigga  try to fuck up your investment, it's hard to digest it These young niggaz don't wanna get punched in they faces So they keep the burner on 'em, and catch a bunch of cases These old niggaz still think they livin in the 80's And shorties that they knew since they were babies turned crazy The bitches still holla At anybody lookin like they gettin a couple dollars Could fuck, suck and swallow Ain't nobody winnin, but everybody can't lose The dirt's still there, funeral home ain't move Goin in, comin out gang affiliated You'd rather go back before bein humiliated A black cloud over the hood, you can't escape it Dust smokin niggaz walkin 'round in the +Matrix+ Loyalty is thin, the tension is thick Look at a broke nigga's face, when you mention a brick Stick-up kids come around, when they sense that you rich Candles and lizzle get lit when you get hit with the fifth Niggaz that used to hoop dream is now sellin the piff And they still rattin but you can't tell if you stiff Especially when the tec spit Fuck around get your head, and your neck hit, lookin for a death wish What? [Chorus: Jadakiss] Talkin out your mouth, all reckless To a nigga that you know, that'll let it off, that's a death wish When your heart stops, and your body gets breathless And help don't come in enough time, that's a death wish When you see the blood and realize that your chest is hit And don't know where it came from, that's a death wish When you know a nigga, whole styles on some next shit And you violate 'em, mm-MWAH, that's a death wish [Lil Wayne] Young Money! Ahh, I be on that way left shit Better get right or get left shit Better hit right or get left hit Even if you threw the best pitch Yes bitch it's Weezy-F bitch, I'm the best bitch Motherfuck yo' guest list, I be like, let's just kill him and get breakfast, neck slit Next shit expect this, every time you check this I'm exit, I mean, excited to be yo' death wish Bitch I wear this G shit on my heart, not my necklace And I keep the Heckler for the heck-less And I'm from the Mecca of the Reckless with a record-breakin death list The reckless and neglecters think election won't affect us I'm high above you, above law, above ever rich Niggaz snitchin, put niggaz in a can like a beverage Damn! I pop at your head, fuck up your memories I put a bullet in Nina head and let her reminisce Yeah, if you don't remember shit you gon' remember this I'll knock them niggaz down this year, I'm on my timber shit Big lion growl at you niggaz on that Simba shit I'll be on that "Fuck yo' clique, I'll kill every member" shit Cold as December shit, bang in any weather shit And they could buy yo' bag with body parts sold separate Yeah, that's a bet bitch like Russian Roulette bitch Weezy be the genie in a bottle, here's your death wish The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jae Millz f/ Fabolous, Lil Wayne Album: Bring it Back (S) Song: Bring it Back (Remix) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Jae Millz (Fabolous)] You know, wutz poppin homeboy (a millz wut it look like baby) You already know haha, a c (ha ha) most hated(ha) most hated(ha) its the remix! tell the dj to heel up reel up, bring it back come rewind (niggaz aint gone have no mo' bitches after this one) heel up reel up, bring it back come rewind heel up reel up, bring it back come rewind throw it out ma work ya lower back and ya spine [Chorus x2: Jae Millz] bring it back, bring it back I said bring it back, bring it back, bring it back I said momma heel up reel up, bring it back come rewind throw it out ma work ya lower back and ya spine [Verse 1: Fabolous] heel up reel up, bring it back come rewind when it come to mine they be like buffy from behind in the summertime its like the top didnt come wit mine if I'm a dine wont be mckie d's number nine ya seen jon a toa wit a mean blond eatin green cause a chow somethin clean on, see bling on from a miles pair of jeans on neva seen on canal, baby girl I do my thing I swing it back bring it back like a boomer-rang its click clack and kick back when the rooger bang my chick in pepper, gucci slipper stepper philly spot baggin buddie out wagon broad name jadera, hard to get near her she can make a "Careera" shakin like shakira arch in her back bone, like throwin back trone even if she take it there she gone bring it back home [Chorus x2: Jae Millz] bring it back, bring it back I said bring it back, bring it back, bring it back I said momma heel up reel up, bring it back come rewind throw it out ma work ya lower back and ya spine [Verse 2: Jae Millz] as the sun rotates and my account gets bigger how many divas wanna slid wit this nigga name millz one of what!, the new mayor of harlem bring it back one mo' time the remix is a problem say the convo I'm tryin to bring it home and I still got my glock and a bottle of patron new blue yankee izimiakee cologne rich young hoodie yellow gold white stones I pop some of america's top bottles and play the top clubs wit american's top models and you kno I keep 'em puffin the la I call it the kanyevel they inhalin think they touchin the sky tell me who you kno seein him my air ones premium some more less, wont see to many others but me in them and yea I bagged a groupie one, from the video but really though she aint comin if she aint runnin the pussy so [Chorus x2: Jae Millz] bring it back, bring it back I said bring it back, bring it back, bring it back I said momma heel up reel up, bring it back come rewind throw it out ma work ya lower back and ya spine [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] monster music I'm a monster baby fresher than the johnson in johnson baby... ...weezy baby, 80's baby back when heroin was crazy baby(bring it back) and they tell me I'm dope you should pose mothafucka cuz I got you on scope ice everywhere moma we can hit the slopes you can get on that mic if you can hit the notes(bring it back) by the way I gotta say I got, hoes on me like I spray tag body spray and shit on yo head now they call you potty face put the barrel to ya mouth see ya to the shotty face(bring it back) now wutchu gotta say and I make 'em bring it back like a replay and I make her run it back like a relay, I'm fly, you guys, delay(bring it back) [Chorus x2: Jae Millz] bring it back, bring it back I said bring it back, bring it back, bring it back I said momma heel up reel up, bring it back come rewind throw it out ma work ya lower back and ya spine [Lil Wayne] I'm gone......[beat fades out] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jae Millz f/ Lil Wayne Album: Forever Winning (S) Song: Forever Winning Typed by: AZ Lyrics If not us then who, leggo Young money, we the hardest team Forever winning bitch, we on our Charlie Sheen Make that ass jump, girl do your damn thing We bout that life, and them niggas ain't bout a damn thing [Jae Millz - Verse 1] Okay, they say time is money, and most say life is short So I chase my dollar signs and let that bullshit walk You in that bullshit? you might as well walk I'm in the air first class, pound key, cant talk, sorry Look in my eyes and you gonna see its a real nigga No deck of cards nigga, I don't deal with ya I talk to the ghost of james brown It was a mans world then and its a mans world now If you a fake nigga before, then you a fake nigga now Nothing change, same song, same lyrics, same sound Same shit different day, new problems every day That revolver got that bang, that automaty just spray Fuck games I don't play, unless its nba 2k Or that Madden, I ain't laughin, [?], you next to pay that's just Jae, Jae don't think, Jae just go ham before you could blink, you go get a drink she wink, next thing I know shes bent over my sink Millz [Lil Wayne - Verse 2] Its Lil Tuenchi I ain't on shit, I was born Wayne, wish I was born rich Millz what it do, where them New York bitches If these walls could talk, I hope they talk business And I got my money right, and sense my money right I can get some kidnappers to go kidnap your son and wife I don't pack a gun or knife, I pack a checkbook And I just point god, Russel Westbrook On the real nigga, the clips got curves, that's sex appeal nigga I'm extra ill, you pay the medical bill nigga We masked up like there was a chemical spill nigga Fuck with me e y e be damn if you will nigga When we rolling we pop you like an extra pill nigga Shoot to kill nigga, the truth will kill niggas One time for harlem, two for Millz nigga, Tunechi The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jae Millz f/ Lil Wayne Album: Holla at a Playa (S) Song: Holla at a Playa (Remix) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Lill Wayne] Remix Baby Lean Clap If you bout paper Holla holla holla at a playa (Better late then never) Cell phone or pager If you bout paper Holla holla holla at a playa Remix Baby [Jae Millz] You can go and tell them other boys not to bother It's the remix and I'm back with Dr. Carter (what it is) We talking millions in that six duece inch navy blue mercedes Oh you ain't know it's Young Molla baby Your boyfriend is a toyfriend, he ain't getting no paper Run and tell him later then holla at a playa If you getting money blow that sour in the ayer You wish you were the hottest on your side of the equator Me and Weez down in MIAM We acting stupid Damn Call the whip Soulja Boy, doors do the Superman (YOUOO) Ya that's the superman we call it the Lago G Star car goes boot us outta stars YO That boy ain't getting char bro He in the Monte Carlo I hit the gears Operation where the fuck the car go I'm the dawg now with stars like Tony R.O.M.O. It's the remix but I been dope [Jae Millz] Now if you seen me in the coupe and the wrist ice blue If you trying to get it like me I'm a tell ya what to do Holla At A Playa [x4] Now mami if you with your man and he got cuffs on your hand When he slipping turn his head I'm a tell ya what's the plan Holla at a playa [x4] [Lil Wayne] Ok Baby I'm the shit so can you bring me some tissha Air freshener but bitch I'm fresha I can get ya girl to come and kiss me on the pisser Get her outta clothes and get her pussy to take a picta Bitch I'm me Flow smoke like swisher Catching lines and hooks, I am like a fisher Fire like a flicka, tie em like a twista Boy I clap like Hurricane Chrisa Who the hell is a well paid nigga D Wayne Carter but you can call me Mista D Wayne Carter I got my shit in order When I say overtime I don't mean to flip quarter Cause I ain't playing games in em And I ain't saying names and if I ever say a name it would be Benjamin Frank I got money in the bank, I got money in the back Got some under the bed put some money on your head New Orleans Eastside blood gang We outlast SOOWHOOO All red all yellow cornbread fall back Am I rollin ya bitch I might be Sleep with the nina like I'm cheating on wifey Millz had to tell me to stop recycling verses and since I don't write it I recite it in cursive What's your name Mr. Carter (Yeah) President Carter (YEAH) Dr. Carter (HAAA) [Lil Wayne] If you see me when you see me say you see me hey Wayne Like you got 4 seats at a basketball game (YA) Holla At A Playa [x4] Holla At A Playa but if you a faker Holla at me neighbor don't holla at my neighbor neighbor YA Holla At A Playa [x4] [Lil Wayne] Ok Holla at a playa but don't scream at me You don't wanna get whipped So throw some cream at me Whipped cream guts in the whip that's An old caddie I'm a muthafucka but I ain't meeting Karen [Jae Millz] The beat hot is snaring Red on red McClaren V Cal[? ] looking like it's from another planet My diamonds like Chris Brown They can't stop em from dancing They just show off wall to wall they go off [Lil Wayne] Get how you live or die trying Smoking on that G 5 We call it high flying As high as a Batman High Robin don't have an eye problem Pistol on my hip I got a thigh problem Rock ya hips Crime Mob em [Jae Millz] And let em boy know you would time bomb em Click Click Boom Damn Rotten dot com em Straight Osam em treat em like Hillary Bully and Obam em I'm a a up town problem Nigga [Lil Wayne] I come from the bottom the dirty below [Jae Millz] And I'm from up top with armed verses That dope And in case ya don't know I'm the newest on that Young Money team And I'm gonna bring that nigga Weezy mad more cream [Jae Millz] Now if you seen me in the coupe and the wrist ice blue If you trying to get it like me I'm a tell ya what to do Holla At A Playa [x4] Now mami if you with your man and he got cuffs on your hand When he slipping turn his head I'm a tell ya what's the plan Holla at a playa [x4] [Jae Millz] Lean Clap If you bout paper Holla holla holla at a playa (Better late then never) Cell phone or pager If you bout paper Holla holla holla at a playa Remix Baby Artist: Ja Rule f/ Lil Wayne Album: The Mirror Song: Uh-Ohhh! Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ja Rule] + (Lil Wayne) Murder Inc. nigga (Young Money just crept in like uh-ohhh!) Em-pire, em-pire! Hehe, let's get 'em~! Inc Gang nigga, young money Cash Money, collabo' Listen, listen [Chorus: Ja Rule] To all my niggaz my bitches my bitches my niggaz my gangsters Hoes, pimps, and pushers keep workin with it, we doin it We gettin it, got money we takin it, got bitches we takin them Empire just stepped in and they like Uh-ohhh! Uh uh uh-ohhh! Uh-ohhh! Uh uh uh-ohhh! Hitting the uh uh-ohhh! Uh-ohhh! Uh uh uh-ohhh! Cause they know we gettin it, got money we takin it Got bitches we takin them, Empire just stepped in (fuck niggaz!) [Ja Rule] Uh-ohhh! Uh uh uh-ohhh! Here I, go oh-oh-oh It's the Rule nigga, you already know-oh I'm gettin it, I don't gotta talk because I'm livin it Money over bitches period, and I'm dead serious These bitches is feminine Nigga so I T-T-T-T-touch 'em up e'ry time I see 'em Are you feelin it, it-it-it's comin through the barrel of the fi-ih-ifth, out the sunroof of the si-ih-ix Ih-ih-if, you willin to bear wit-ne-ess How I take money, take bi-ih-itches, niggaz is fascinated with the kid, love my style Your bitch too'll be on the dick you let her come out Quit handcuffin these hoes, my pi-ih-imp game proper I'm a pis-tal popper, fuck around and get shot up My niggaz all riders, our bitches all done up Fuck~! I know y'all niggaz hate to love us; what [Chorus] with Lil Wayne ad libs [Lil Wayne] Uh-ohh! You did it, now, you gotta get it Weezy F is in yo' buildin, I will step, on yo' buildin From the steps, of my buildin, raise hell, hell's risen Call me young Raekwon, I'm a Chef in Hell's Kitchen And flow, sweet as devil's food, I eat angels for dinner Call me what'cha want, I don't give a finger in the middle I'ma hold it down and blow up, the anchor is the missile When I say we got them brrrrrrrrrr! I ain't tryin to whistle Longbody Maybach, it make me feel so little I'm ballin on the suckers and I won't pick up my dribble Retarded on the beats, sick, I spit hospitals And she couldn't stand under my umbrella if it drizzled My pimp game proper, my inf' aim proper So run and I will hit you like Jeremiah Trotter Yessuh! Call me, young Carter My leather so soft and I be stunt'n like my dada Ya dig? [Ja Rule] Yep yep, I d-d-d-d-dig it! But our jewelry's so fri-di-di-di-digid, damn How dare bitches look at Atkins, Carter and Crocker Like we don't make that crack that get real butter Did-did-did-did I stu-st-stah-stutter the first time nigga, nah They like uh-ohhh! Uh uh uh-ohhh! This nigga's tr-uh-ouble It's the Inc., nigga act like ya know-ow Who's gettin it, livin this, gangster shit [Ja Rule] + (Lil Wayne) Murder Inc. nigga (Young Money just crept in like uh-ohhh!) Em-pire, em-pire! Heh... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay Rock f/ Lil Wayne Album: Follow Me Home Song: All My Life Typed by: numeros_uno1@hotmail.com [Verse 1 - Jay Rock] I was on the block right, wasn't in my right mind Just a young nigga, hustlin', tryna get mines Movin' with the 9 double m Niggas like "You don't really wanna fuck with him" Yeah, young teenager, 'fatuated with paper Yeah I had to get it, cause momma, she wasn't able Black and white TV set, no cable Forties in the fridge, chicken noodles on the table I wasn't born with a silver spoon Child of the ghetto, raised off a different tune Watchin' Bob Barker in my living room If "The Price Was Right", I could get you a whole living room Yeah, them was my gutter ways back in the gutter days No education, but the gutter pays Through it all came a long way From sellin' the yay', fist fights to gun play Back then Sittin' on the block and I'm doin' bad Dreaming about the things that I never had Got me thinking to myself "I gotta get it man" You can play if you want, I'm gon' get it man I say, all my life I've known One day eventually I'll blow [Verse 2 - Lil Wayne] Yeah Times is torn as it is That's why I got guns, and my guns got kids That's why I be goin' so tough on them hoes I play my own hand, I don't shuffle or fold Fuck wit a nigga, let go fuck wit some hoes Hear them bitches screamin' like they stuck in a hole I am not a deamon, but was once a lost soul 'Til I found myself a block away from the cross road I have, outgrown the fishbowl And I'm on my feet like a fuckin insole Yeah it may hurt like a fuckin' left no But it's "fuck the world", like a fuckin nympho And we spend dough, cause we make more And I make sure, when I say so It's Jay Rock and Weezy, need I say more Clothesline the beat, Ted DiBiase flow Yeah Sittin' on the block and I'm doin' bad Dreaming about the things that I never had Got me thinking to myself "I gotta get it man" You can play if you want, I'm gon' get it man I say, all my life I've known One day eventually I'll blow [Verse 3 - Jay Rock] Jay Rock, still that same O.G. I ain't tryna see the grave or the penitentary Everyday living, tryna stay on my feet Even though a nigga paid, but my heart in the streets See my dogs I'm a beast, so hard on these beats So my family can eat, I'll be damned if I see No income, here come Jay Rock, they know crack music Drug kingpin flow, oh [Lil Wayne] Kingpin hoe, need I say more Your family could die, when I say go (go) Green light green light, whatcha green like? Before ya sign me up, get the scene right And I just happen to fan it when I'm being nice Cause drivin' slow in the Lam', it doesn't seem right Yeah, and I remember them long nights Livin' the wrong life, but I made that wrong right Weezy! [Bridge] All the struggling All it does is keep my hustling, oh my Sittin' on the block and I'm doin' bad Dreaming about the things that I never had Got me thinking to myself "I gotta get it man" You can play if you want, I'm gon' get it man I say, all my life I've known One day eventually I'll blow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Lil Wayne Album: American Gangster Song: Hello Brooklyn 2.0 Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro:] Helloooooooooooooo!!!!!!!! Brooklynnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Hello Brooklyn, how you doin? Where you goin? And can I come to? And If I can, I'm a be your man You could be my lady, and have my baby And drive my cars, and drive me crazy Wherever you goin baby girl just take me Cause I'm so taken, if you taken I'm just sayin baby I'm just sayin [Verse 1: Jay-Z] Like a mama you birth me, Brooklyn you nursed me Schooled me with hard knocks, better than Berkeley They said you murked me, by the time I was twenty one That shit disturbed me, but you never hurt me Hello Brooklyn, if we had a daughter Guess what I'm a call her, Brooklyn Carter When I left you for Virginia, it didn't offend ya Cause you know I only stepped out to get dinner And I'm eatin, so much i bought extra So much so the dinner now turnin to breakfast I only roll Lexus, to hug your road I love your corners, I'm half your soul [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Hello Brooklyn, how you doin? Where you goin? And can I come to? And If I can, I'm a be your man You could be my lady, and have my baby And drive my cars, and drive me crazy Wherever you goin baby girl just take me Cause I'm so taken, if you taken I'm just sayin baby I'm just sayin [Verse 2: Lil Wayne] (Jay-Z) Hello Brooklyn, what's your story? She said she eatin' on the run but she ain't N.O.R.E. She said she got a man but he ain't worried But baby I'm a have to +Rob+ him like +Horry+ She said she love B.I.G. and she like 2Pac And when I said Jay-Z she said it's The ROC And I'm a leave it like this, like this like that Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? Have you seen her? And when she tell you somethin you better believe her She told me she like my New Orleans demeanor And so I said goodbye Katrina, and hello Brooklyn But baby you are, the sweetest sight eyes could see I said hello Brooklyn, but baby I hope you never say goodbye to me I said hello Brooklyn, but but baby you are so damn fine to me And I remember the time (Time) place (Place) and the weather On the day you said hi to me and let's say hello Brooklyn [Verse 3: Jay-Z] Brooklyn we crazy, look how you made me Razor blades in my mouth walkin 'round behavin Or demented black hoodies and Timberlanded Always schemin you see the green on that niggas pendant Hello Brooklyn, you bad influence look what you had me doin But I ain't mad at you, look at my attitude It says my life too real, check out my ice grill Baby I'm cold as ice, like I'm from Brownsville But my Bed's in the Stuy so while I Flatten your Bush Till we smoke a C.I. what up to the boy B.I. You know I handle B.I. I dont half step on a Kane Ask the dreads 'bout I, how you gwaan so? She like it hardcore, So I grind slow Iller than Albee Square Mall back in the 9-0 My fine hoe we got some victims to catch So in a couple years baby I'm a bring you some Nets [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Hello Brooklyn, how you doin? Where you goin? And can I come to? And If I can, I'm a be your man You could be my lady, and have my baby And drive my cars, and drive me crazy Wherever you goin baby girl just take me Cause I'm so taken, if you taken I'm just sayin baby I'm just sayin [Outro: Lil Wayne] And hello Brooklyn, but but baby you are, the sweetest thing eyes could see Hello Brooklyn, baby I hope you never say goodbye to me I said hello Brooklyn, but baby you are, so damn fine to me But I remember the time, place, and the weather on the day you said goodbye to me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jim Jones f/ Lil Wayne, Stack Bundles Album: Hustler's P.O.M.E. (Product of My Environment) Song: Weatherman Typed by: Tekniqueswiftuh@Gmail.com [Jim Jones] This is 9 tre news I'm Jimmy Jones here with your weather We apologize for the drout all week but it looks like thunderstorms all weekend. We fittin to make it rain on you motherfuckers (Ya Heard Me) [Chorus 2X: Stack Bundles] Look Weatherman with that money I make it rain on 'em Weatherman with that paper I make it rain on 'em Weatherman with that kitty I make it rain on 'em (YEH) I make it rain on 'em (YEH) I make it rain on 'em (YESIR) [Jim Jones] I'm Rick James I'm rich bitch is what I tell 'em Just left the bank I took 50 from the teller (CashMoney) I'm fittin to make it rain so getchu an umbrella We also make it snow we cocaine gram sellers (That Yayo) Ballin gettin high throwin dolla's from the sky (balllllin) Big reffer cloud got in storming inside (drizzlin) Foreign outside I'm usually foreign when I drive (Speedin) A buck sixty feels like you soaring in the sky Blowing money on the liqiour (Twisted) At the strip joint blowing money on the bitches (Let it rain) We standin on the bar throwing money like a pitcher (Get money) But nigga I ain't slippin got a fully-loaded trigga And that can cause a heatwave (getchu clapped haa) That mean you diggin you a deep grave Nigga's Jump yo ass have 'em missin you for 3 days (Where he at?) Cam says that this nigga's a sucker (fareaal) So that mean that this nigga's a sucker (Ya heard that? Capo) [Chorus 2X: Jim Jones] I'm the, Weatherman with that money I make it rain on 'em (Ballllin) Weathetman with that paper I bought a range on 'em (Capo) 20 grand worth uh money I bought champagne (Do it) I make it rain on 'em (Do it) Make it rain on 'em (Do it) [Lil Wayne] Wezzy fuckin baby, Get 'em a leash Young money Dipset you betta believe That gun got me walking like I got irregular knees I be all over the bread like sesomi seeds Auto-matic with the money like Reggi for 3 (laughing) Big birds no Sesame Street, Bitch! I'm to clean they ain't messin with me I'm just trying to see my decimals speak Now these niggaz just lighter then some good shit to me (Ok) These niggaz sweet like a taheshin treat (Ok) They say I'm full of hot air then I release the heat Split a nigga from his teeth to feet (Daamn) Know what I'm talkin about Yadadamean like Keak Da Sneak I go dolla for dolla, week for week (Yeeah) And Birdman said you niggaz is bitches So that mean you niggaz is bitches, And Me? [Chorus: Lil Wayne] I'm the Weatherman with that money I make it rain on 'em Weatherman with that paper I make it rain on 'em Still Ballin after the hundred K I'm the weatherman with that money I make it rain on 'em [Chorus: Stack Bundles] Weatherman with that money I make it rain on 'em Weatherman with that paper I make it rain on 'em (Yesir) Weatherman with that kitty I make it rain on 'em (Yeeah) I make it rain on 'em (Yeeah) I make it rain on 'em (Yeah) [Stack Bundles] Look! Nuffin changed I'm still ballin like I'm spose to be Shot callin like I'm spose to be I spoil her like she close to me (Yeeah) Find something bad bag her like groceries Lifestyles like Six Flags I'm rollercoasterlly Pockets full of kitty, these niggaz ain't gettin money like I was I make it rain on em, they callin scattered showers (WHAAT) I'm the motherfuckin Weatherman (Yeaah) Tornado money can't fit it in a rubberband (Naah) Check tha news It's goin be a cloudy forecast (And whaat) And when I move a couple goons in that R Class (Yesir) She want a Doughboy nigga that do numbers A smile likle lightning and a ass like thunder (Yeeah) I Shows out and the whores all love it (Love it) And when it stop drizzlin the floors all flooded (Yessir) In one night blew bezzle on charm money Fuck it it's nothin I'm still spendin Desert Storm money [Chorus] - Stack Bundles 'til fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Lil Wayne, Tank Album: No Love Lost Song: She Don't Put it Down Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Joe Budden] She ain't got a leg to stand on Don't even trip, taha [Joe Budden] I can take you all over the world though, even tell you pack light The last lie couldn't even get a cab ride She don't do the blogs but if she did she'd be on mad sites Ass so mean that I'm always on her bad side Uhh, now she don't ever stress me 'bout my whereabouts Never seems concerned with other birds that she may hear about She mind hers, it's my turn, that shit she barely care about Look amazing on me, why I'm always tryin to wear her out She don't ride like you, no she don't taste like that Not with a waist like that, do I let her go to waste like that? She a - mix between Kama Sutra, yoga and porno flicks Funny how her breath get shorter when I give her long dick Uhh~! And I'm tellin y'all straight up Might think I imagined shawty even when she not made-up She kill 'em in Levi's, see why, it ain't even fair Look good in whatever she wear, how could other women compare? They can't [Interlude: Tank] I done put another in your space Damned if they do, it's been hard to replace I just want the same judge sittin on the case She gon' hate, but she know [Chorus: Tank] She don't put it down like you, down-down like you (she know) Down-down like you (she know) down-down like you (she know) She don't put it down like you, down-down like you (she know) Down-down like you (she know) down-down like you (she know) She don't put it down like you, girl you workin with the killer Ain't nobody fuckin with ya She don't put it down like you, down-down like you (she know) Down-down like you (she know) down-down like you (she know) She don't put it down like you [Lil Wayne] I can see the stars in the daytime Bitch I miss you like a deadline And the girl I'm with is just the girl I'm with I mean it's workin out, so we're stayin fit But you know love is nothin, ask Stan Smith But I gotta keep a bad bitch like Brad Pitt Remember our first kiss? Or our last kiss? I used to go dummy in that pussy, crash test You be fuckin that nigga like you was fuckin me? Heh, fuck that nigga, he can't fuck with me I'm Tunechi bitch and you know that, and that pussy throw back At any given night I'll still pop that ass like a Prozac Girl you know you got that murder, a beast in that La Perla And every time we cut I used to +Shredd-er+, Ninja Turtles And I know you still love me, and I know it's still for me That's why we still fuckin - cause she don't put it down like you [Joe Budden] Love bein 'round mine, no downtime, still nothin else even matters Can't even walk slow through that mall cause paparazzi runnin after Baby girl workin it like a pro, slow it down or move it faster Whether them lights on or them lights off like I'm sleepin with The Clapper Said she watchin what she eat, yet that ass keep gettin fatter How I'm sexin her makin that ex of hers no longer be a factor Plus in my mind already know, you done turned them all to Casper Climb with the former rather latter, you already know which one I'd rather Come on [Interlude] + [Chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juelz Santana f/ Lil Wayne, Young Jeezy Album: What the Game's Been Missing! Song: Make it Work For You Typed by: thajumpoff04@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Hook] Boy let me show ya how to make that crack How to spend that money how to make that back Girl let me show how to hit that strip How to get that grip don't give back lip Go head do what you do make it work for ya {*repeat 4X*} [Juelz Santana] Put the coke in the pots whip it over the rocks Ship it over the blocks it's movin' movin' I do the damn thang I get a brick, shit I don't let it sit quick I move the damn thang I can show you how to mix that shit How to get that shit how to twist that wrist I can show you how to get back more And the shit that you get back is just as raw Girl I can show you how to hit that Ave With that big fat ass and go get that cash But you know you got to give back half I'm somethin' like a pimp man go get that cash Boy I don't play when it comes to money I guess that's why I'm okay when it comes to money I got two coups a truck and one four door I can pick up all my hoes and have a one four org [Hook] Boy let me show ya how to make that crack How to spend that money how to make that back Girl let me show how to hit that strip How to get that grip don't give back lip Go head do what you do make it work for ya {*repeat 4X*} [Young Jeezy] Copped ten sold five then I hide three Baking soda residue I'm gone with the other two Fuck a magic stick Jeezy got a magic wrist David Copperfield on the stove all types of shit Stack it up like Pringles all type of chips AR-15 all type of clips G.A. yeah Atlanta Dipset Harlem World call Santana Hit Jim on the hip Cam on the celly We gon' call Ace I get 'em for R.Kelly That's seventeen a chicken I know the birdman 140th and Lenix I know the birdgang [Hook] Boy let me show ya how to make that crack How to spend that money how to make that back Girl let me show how to hit that strip How to get that grip don't give back lip Go head do what you do make it work for ya {*repeat 4X*} [Lil Wayne] Ugh, you can smell it through the wrapper That's that shit nigga sit it in a pamper I still got two sittin' in the hamper I let 'em sit and air out or else you on them dampers My lil brother got piff on them campers We call him the N.O. capo New Orleans that's what we ride for We got Cash Money on the table layin' underneath the flo' Shit it's like I got a pan how I heat the flo' Aye but I really got a pan when I hit the blo Shit aye this beat is so Motherfuckin' G.I. Joe and the hydro Got me high I can't see where I go When the rap stop movin' you just follow the coke When your bitch start choosin' she gon' ride wit a pro I'ma have that hoe swallowin' coke Birdman Jr [Hook] Boy let me show ya how to make that crack How to spend that money how to make that back Girl let me show how to hit that strip How to get that grip don't give back lip Go head do what you do make it work for ya {*repeat 4X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Hot Boys Album: Project English Song: 4 Minutes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B.G.] You know we don't drop hits, uh-uh We drop classics nigga, uh-huh Cash Money, c'mon, get at me nigga Nigga thuggin, is in my blood and my genes All the niggaz I fuck with they bling bling V.L. is my block my hood my set nigga Uptown is the spot where you get put to the test nigga Best be bout unloadin a Tec nigga You better protect your head, fuck the chest nigga I run with the killers guerillas and the headbusters I grew up with murderers and hustlers you can't trust 'em I been cut-throatin niggaz for a while now I stay to tapin and whoopin ballers who got plots of birds or chickens or ki's or bricks, whatever Click clack! I got to have it, no matter what, the, situation be I'm bout my fetti my dollars my loot my grip my green UPT 13 and CMB is what I represent for life and I'm H-O-T nigga (4, minutes, left!) [Juvenile] Dis bitch off the hook! Nigga never sleep Dis bitch full of crooks, they hunt for the weak Niggaz comin home tryin to hit 'em a lick Wanna bounce from a quarter ounce up to a brick Dem old side niggaz, them new side niggaz Might get loaded but they do ride niggaz They stuck in line, but right after it's all over The block party jumpin at Washington in Magnolia They smokin weed, they slangin D they sellin ki's While bitches shakin they ass in the middle of the street You representin? It better be M-A-G Or niggaz gon' get mad and, never let you leave A bill mine, 6th Street and Hadley Willow Street, Robertson and T.C. It's on fire from the wars they cause A bunch of ignorant motherfuckers wearin camoflauge (3, minutes, left!) [Lil Wayne] Yes, one-seven nigga, look Niggaz step down to the nasty, filthy, dirty Holly Grove, Carrington, 17 you heard me? Need them, birdies? You should see Weezy Prices, cheaper than the average, ki's be We be, thuggers, stunners, hustlers Kidnap mothers, rape with no rubbers What the, hell? What is that I smell? No it's not but it's a dead body by the canal My grill, platinum; necklace, platinum Rolex, platinum; Hot Boy, ask him Blunts, we pass 'em; guns, we have 'em We do not flash 'em unless we gon' blast 'em My clothes, Rees, Tees, Girbauds Fo'-fo's, semi-automatic calicos Brrrrrrr! Reload - *tch-chk* explode Let it be told, I'm from Holly Grove, what? (2, minutes, left!) [Turk] Look.. look, look Plenty got diamonds in my Rolex Two karats on my finger, ten around my fuckin neck It's a must everyday that I keep my pockets fat Got so many haters that's why I stay strapped on my gat I bust back back leave yo' bitch ass flat Trust that if you play with me I dress in black That's a fact don't make me click up with Karen and Brad-Brad(?) You head your lose that, ain't no comin back back, I'm tellin you Play with me your people people gon' be smellin you Make me pop and throw, six niggaz gon' carry you People don't have no money they can't bury you Don't have no insurance you be in the freezer a week or two Bought that insurin yourself cousin Get it how you live it nigga when they come cousin Gun I'ma peel it nigga you can run cousin Gun click get hit and you get stung cousin, stung cousin (I hope you got the message!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Lil' Wayne, Manny Fresh Album: 400 Degreez Song: Back That Azz Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Juvenile] Girl you workin with some ass yeah, you bad yeah Make a nigga spend his cash yeah, his last yeah Hoes frown when you pass yeah, they mad yeah You gon' ride in the Jag yeah, with that head You could smoke a fire bag yeah, of grass yeah Got money I can flash yeah, and trash yeah I'ma Big Tymer nigga yeah, pull the trigger yeah A playa hata flipper yeah, grave filla yeah I be slangin wood yeah, out the hood yeah Let it be understood yeah, it's all good yeah Got a nigga scheamin large yeah, on the hard yeah A smooth little broad yeah from out the projects A nigga do a trick yeah, on the dick yeah You claimin you want a picture, that ain't shit yeah The nigga with the money yeah, don't act funny yeah Got birds and I'm runnin yeah, bout a hundred yeah Chorus: Juvenile (repeat 2X) Girl, you looks good, won't you back that azz up You'se a fine motherfucker, won't you back that azz up Call me Big Daddy when you back that azz up Hoe, who is you playin wit? Back that azz up [Juvenile] Girl, you looks good, won't you back that azz up You'se a fine motherfucker, won't you back that azz up You got a stupid ass yeah, make me laugh yeah Make a nigga wanna grab that, autograph that I'm sweatin in the drawers yeah, hard and long yeah Wanna walk it like a dog yeah, break you off yeah Get - mine you gon' get yours yeah, that for sure yeah You fuckin with my nerves yeah and to the curb yeah I know you bitches know yeah, and it show yeah But a nigga got some more yeah, I'm out to flow yeah Fresh brought some shit yeah, and his bitch yeah We be making hit yeah after hit yeah Them titties sittin nice yeah, I wanna bite yeah I could fuck you right yeah, all night yeah Wanna bring it to my house yeah, on the couch yeah Knock the pussy out yeah, get them out yeah I wanna see these hoes yeah, bend it low yeah Let me run it in the hole yeah, and let me know yeah Chorus [Manny Fresh] I know you can't stand it, dick bandit Done landed, see your drawers handed Freak to get it y'all, game spit at y'all Put the bitch on the wall and I hit it y'all Lookin kind of lonely, I'm feelin horny Put the dick "in the Middle" like "Monie" Big thick plumber chick, and a Hummer chick Beat the dick like a motherfuckin drummer chick See dat puddy-cat? Look at dat I love a fuckin hoodie-rat, that's a fact You'se a motherfuckin get it girl, quit it girl I'm the nigga, the nigga, nigga, that hit it girl Chorus [Lil' Wayne] Now now now now now After you back it up, then stop Then wha-wha-what, drop drop it like it's hot Now after you back it up, then stop Now, wha-wha-wha-what drop it like it's hot Now drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot C-M-B make you drop it like it's hot Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot Ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ B.G., Big Tymers Album: 400 Degreez Song: Flossin Season Typed by: Dpgc23@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Mannie Fresh playboy I know you love these diamonds (they beautiful ha) Nigga, "How You Luv That?" All that stuntin and frontin It's all about them diamonds boy [Baby] Nigga it's a pretty day, and it's flossin season Added six tires to my new machinery  Double R like to ball like it's no tomorrow  Pretty broads and we fuckin these superstars Chrome rims, niggaz ridin new Benz TV's, Cadillacs with the new fends Wet paint, niggaz takin trips to the banks Hittin malls spendin twenty G's like stars Rolex, PlayStations in the Hummer Just to show these stupid hoes that we worth somethin My stuntin name Evel Knievel, keep it real Let me pop a wheelie, hoes love stuntin cause I got love Gold slugs, stuntin cause we got love Motorbike button rims cause we livin right  Game tight take a tramp make her out a champ Overnight got the yole if your money right Solid TV's PlayStation with the B.G. It's all gravy playboy cause it's flossin season A million dollars ain't nothin to me nigga but a million hoes is game to me playboy [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Nahh nahh - flossers, let me see you rollin your rims Ballers, helicopters, bikes, and Bourbans It's on us, C-M-R are millionaires Let 'em know it's flossin season everywhere We flossers, let me see you rollin your rims Ballers, helicopters, bikes, and bourbans It's on us, C-M-R are millionaires Let 'em know it's flossin season everywhere [B.G.] I got to get my shine on, do it every time Seventeens on up, that's all I ride In ninety-eight, I been havin them hoes throwin up They don't know if I'm in a helicopter or in a truck I fuck they head up, cause I floss so much Police had me up cause a nigga so young (ha bruh?) But you know me nigga.. that ain't gon' stop B.G. nigga (at all) Cause the next day you will see nigga me in somethin else with a TV nigga (f'real) Fuck it, I'ma floss like that I got scrilla Come try to take it, you're fuckin with a guerilla I got a watch you can see from a block away I got a chain you'll see that'll shock the day  My click do what we say, we don't stunt wit it Off top Big Tymers gon' come with it Layin it down this month cause we got a reason (fo' sho') and we gon' rip shit up cause it's flossin season [B.G.] We flossers, what what what? I say we ballers, what what what? [Juvenile] This is the season for the flossers nigga Ride top notch shit, fuck what it cost you nigga Ain't got no TV's or CD's in it - I ain't gon' ride in it If it ain't no overseas type shits - I ain't gon' drive it  This ain't the summer to swing the top off This the season niggaz come out on them 20's and ball It ain't no secret I'ma stunter, like Evel Knievel Jumpin out Lex's and Hummer's, showin off for my people When I pull up in V.I.P. they say that's a nice car Bitches all in my face can't even make it to the bar Me, broke and assed-out? Never that man I got some shit up in my ear you can see from a airplane I don't think Super D. can pull a stunt like me Got karats on both of my pinkies, ten thousand ap-iece Today I might lay low with Kent I built my house in the East Fuck that, I'ma play bourban it's a thousand a suite [Mannie Fresh] Who had the, first bourban with the livin room set Who the only nigga you know that drive a burgundy jet How many cities you know, named after me? (uhh..) It's gon' be a bunch of them motherfuckers when I finish G Now baby - I know you missed us Big daddy light up a room like Christmas Shine like a light bulb - rich thug Let that little girl come over here and give a millionaire a hug McGyver ain't liver than a, Big Tymer  Big dick a million dollars and a, Pathfinder Mr. Betty Crocker cake maker, casino breaker Tell Shaq I got a half a mill' ridin on the Lakers Pack my bitches up and move to the hills Thirty days a month - thirty Automobiles The Lexus or Benz that come out in the year two thousand I got one of them bitches parked around corner by the housin The bike I got come out in the year two thousand ten Eleven fifty zoop with the batman fin The ring I got, Liberace want it  He couln't afford that bitch but I can afford to flaunt it Chorus [B.G.] We flossers, what what? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Lil' Wayne Album: Tha G Code Song: G-Code Typed by: Mike82122@aol.com Lil Wayne: I ain't terrified from nuthin' I'm young wild crazy and disgustin' Better watch me cuz I'm coming  With a oven by my stomach I'm scramblin' for the money Tape ya up like a mummy Call ya people and tell 'em I need 50 for this dummy I'm runnin' hidin' and duckin' Stuntin' ridin' and thuggin Dumpin' fire and bustin' Lovin, lyin' and lustin' Stealin' killin' and rapin Runnin' climbin and chasin Strugglin hustin' to make Get it got it I take it Watch ya Chevy mister Move ya purse miss Cuz I tote heavy pistols And man they burst quick It's too late to hesitate I was told there'd be better days But shit that was yesterday And still I haven't ate But dog that's how ya labor when ya bein' a thug These niggas don't seem to feel me till they seein' they blood Can't hide it though I represent the 17th Carrollton Hollygrove That's my G-code Chorus (Lil Wayne): Now put ya box in the mud Get ya glocks in ya gloves Ride drops on dubs We gon' live by that Make the snitches catch a cut Soldier pistol nigga what Hit the block and open up We gon' die by that (repeat) Juvenile: We raised up lookin' at trees and brick walls Foreign properties and pack some menthals Got us a fire connect and went off Got jammed with this broad that rent cars Wasn't tryin' to change the game, just be in it Didn't give a fuck if we balled for 3 minutes Snatch all the hoes and 'bauds and ree' tennis Niggas can't survive the shit that we been in Jack niggas to get some cheap linen The ones that refuse we put 'em to sleep in it Got up in the mornin' for class and play hookie Some of us is veteran some of 'em stay rookie Bitch couldn't talk to us if she wasn't fuckin' Ya either be bout it or look and keep truckin Police drew causes and tried to cross lines We stuck to the code we lived and died by it Chorus Juvenile: If war ever came we held the fort down Back, slowed up, we switched and sold pound Stayed on point to make some more green Get our stash away from dope fiends Nigga had a habit he supplied his own Always stay hot cuz we ride with chrome We kept a little work for the ki's and bones Crowds draw heat so we be's alone We learned how to keep our mouth closed and watch Them other motherfuckers fall off the block 24/7 all around the clock We hustlin of course in the gamblin spot We had a chance to stop, we still wasn't ready Shit kept comin' so we made more fetti Police drew causes and tried to cross lines We stuck to the code we lived and died by it Chorus x 2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Lil' Wayne, B.G. Album: Tha G-Code Song: Get it Right Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Juvenile] You think this shit happened for me over tha night? This is my life Everybody know I be on a flight to get it right, and keep it right, and stay strong Nigga thought it wouldn't happen to 'em, but all of 'em dead wrong Singin' tha same song, sayin', "Juvy ain't shit!" With a project nigga out here tellin' people he rich When tha truth is: they wishin' they was in my shoes I pay dues, with them pistols I made moves And I'm seein' all these pussy-ass niggas tryin' ta be hard Why ya fuckin' with mines? I ain't fuckin' with y'all Tha people runnin' your organization workin' for me, uh-huh You didn't know that, now you call for tha plea Boy, think of all tha places you could possibly be... ...than...chokin' these bullets up that's comin' from me With my T-shirt and Ree's on Cuz only God knows what these niggas be's on (Hook [Lil' Wayne]) Look, niggas better get it right and keep it right Cuz them Uptown Hot Boy$ are on tha street at night So, I hope you got your soljas and your 'Bauds on Cuz we about ta strap up and know your clothes off Whoa You better get it right and keep it right Cuz them Uptown Hot Boy$ are on tha street at night So, I hope you got your soljas and your 'Bauds on Cuz we about ta strap up and knock your clothes off [Lil' Wayne] Listen, listen, listen Zip it! Cock, then act a fool and make 'em dip it (what?) Chrome mack diply (what?) Automatic spitty (what?) I'm a Hot Boy, nigga, follow me Do or die, survive with me (huh?) Blow a pound of that broccoli (huh?) Hit a block and then ride with me (huh?) Cut 'em all, but not your boy, he just had a baby daughter (so?) Then, Cita, he never walk again (so?) Don't play with them sharks again (oh) I make them niggas bleed like that time of tha month See, I told 'em, "Nobody move; nobody head bust." Plus, a hundred rush, turn a boy to dust Nigga, I'm a soldier, trust...I'll blow a hole in your guts And ain't no "if", "and's", or "but's" (uh-uh) You could get mad and fuss (uh-uh) Watch your lip, man, you'll touch (uh-uh) I'll pop a clip in, and bust (uh-uh) Look, I'm straight thuggin' Lookin' at niggas' fake muggin' I'm runnin' with niggas that stay sufferin' That ain' nothin' It's Wheezy Wheez I show off behind cheese Get full of trees Here I come, you better leave (Hook-2x [Lil' Wayne]) Niggas better get it right and keep it right Cuz them Uptown Hot Boy$ are on tha street at night So, I hope you got your soljas and your 'Bauds on Cuz we about ta strap up and knock your clothes off Whoa [B.G. + (Lil' Wayne)] Niggas know I could get ugly when it comes to that (To that) Oh, for sure, I leave ya bloody if it comes to that (To that) I ain't no ho, if in beef I ain't gon' run from that (From that) You got coke, keep it on tha low cuz I'll come for that (For that) I keep pistols in my possession cuz I stays in shit (What?!) I was raised watchin' niggas shoot out with K's and shit (Wha?) My momma tried ta keep me inside, but I snuck out tha back (Oh) Shot hookie from school, hung on V.L. and sold a lil' crack (Fo sho') Niggas respect me cuz they know my nuts be hangin'and swingin' (Hangin') If my toes get stepped on, I'm click-clackin' and bangin' (Bangin') I've been out here since I was, like, ten years old Caught my first gun charge in nineteen-nine-four Scuffed my knees up, but the Lord, he pulled me out that I'm ahead now, and ain't no way that I'ma look back Fresh laid tha track down, I picked tha pad up for a minute Put tha gat down But don't think I still won't act, busta (Hook [Lil' Wayne]) Niggas better get it right and keep it right Cuz them Uptown Hot Boy$ are on tha street at night So, I hope you got your soljas and your 'Bauds on Cuz we about ta strap up and knock your clothes off Whoa You better get it right and keep it right Cuz them Uptown Hot Boy$ are on tha street at night So, I hope you got your soljas and your 'Bauds on Cuz we about ta strap up and knock your clothes off Whoa Niggas better get it right and keep it right Cuz them Uptown Hot Boy$ are on tha street at night So, I hope you got your soljas and your 'Bauds on Cuz we about ta strap up and knock your clothes off Whoa Get it right and keep it right Cuz them Uptown Hot Boy$ are on tha street at night So, I hope you got your soljas and your 'Bauds on Cuz we about ta strap up and knock your clothes off Whoa The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Hot Boys Album: 400 Degreez Song: Ha (Hot Boy Remix) Typed by: coreydt@bellsouth.net [Juvenile] Hmm... You better run for it, run for it, run! Run for it, run for it, run! Run for it, run for it, run! You been known for fuckin it up, ha Them bad-ass 20's on your truck, ha, cost seven and up, ha You tryin' to stay from out that place, ha Make sure you got your money straight ha, before it's too late ha You want your Momma livin good ha Move your children out the hood ha, to up in the woods, ha Baby post seventy off the hook, ha Manny Fresh has possession, supposed to be up in the book, ha Juvenile got them looks, ha; but you too scared to fuck with him  cause he be runnin with them crooks, ha I'm the one, ha Stick a fork in that nigga cause he's done, ha for flippin the tounge, ha You got a probation hole, ha You got money for bail so now you ready to roll, ha You bout to buy you a car ha, a ninety-nine ha One that look somethin like mine ha (Chorus 2x) You a paper chaser, you got your block on fire Remainin a G.. until the moment you expire You know what it is.. to make.. nothin out of somethin You handle your biz, and don't be cryin and sufferin [Turk] We got this thing locked, ha Cash Money can't be stopped ha, them Hot Boys too hot, ha And you like my Rolex watch, ha And the way I hit the block ha, in camouflage with glocks, ha And you like it when we stunt, ha Smokin blunts, ha You be lovin them gold fronts, ha We millionaires, ha Not far from billionaires, ha Got different broads everywhere, ha [Lil' Wayne] You heard 'bout Lil' Wayne, H-O-T B-O-Y, ha Shorty with the braids for Cash Money gon' pop, ha-uh I burn, ha, the hammer sits, ha, here come the blitz, ha A remix, ha, they from the Nolia I'm from the Grove, ha And you can catch me with Tolie and Mario, ha I represent the 2.. uh 2-6, ha It's guaranteed to be... foolish, ha Chorus (Repeat) [B.G.] You niggaz know I'm bout my biz, ha You niggaz scared for me to be in the presence of your bitch, ha You know I would raw dick her ha, take naked pictures ha then call up my clique and straight flip her ha You know my click number-one stunters, ha You know we 'bout it, flexin Lex's, Benz's, and Hummers, ha You know you fuck with me, you're dead, ha But don't lie, I fucked your baby-momma, and you feel played, ha You know that jailhouse is somethin, ha Bitch niggaz buckin, but when it go down, they run to the button, ha You know the B.G. ain't right ha; you love you hoe,  but she don't wanna get it right, and keep it right, ha It's goin' down in '99, ha You know fo' sho' that it Cash Money time to shine, ha You know I play the game raw, ha You know you slip up, I'ma take this beef shit too far, ha Chorus (Repeat) [Juvenile] Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh Let's say you're at a DJ, and them boys pullin' guns You better run for it, run for it, run You in the Magnolia, and my people pullin' guns You better run for it, run for it, run Run for it, run for it, run Run for it, run for it, run We'll grab the MAC-11 when we march, nigga, step Fuck with CMR, we gon' march, nigga, step Play with Manny Fresh, we gon' march, nigga, step Play with my nigga, Baby, we gon' march, nigga, step The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Lil Wayne, Turk Album: Solja Rags Song: Hide Out Or Ride Out Typed by: PLaTiNuMKnicca@aol.com [Lil Wayne] I strike a load you get served I ain't to be joked with Fake Buster get smoked with, you provoke it I explode it, unload it, reload it, unload again and Put another clip in, 50 Shots to win I can't lose its Impossible Plus I got a Chopper 50 Shots bout to be droppin' you I be bout straight hittin' the beef kicker the set then Leave the set and leave a beef kicker wet Jet off the scene with the Uptown Fighters Red Dot Sighers, all week Night Flighters I'ma get 'cha when ya least expect it Cock the Glock check it, a Vase can't protect it boy Is ya ready? I leave yo set wetty Slugs flyin' high got ya body real heavy Ya can't move, ya got bucked now ya stuck Left wet on the set, tell yo boys to pick ya up Out cold, head swole, eyes drove I know Fa'sho you ain't gone test me no more Yo block tore, yo Family in black clothes You got blowed, and in yo chest is many holes This goes, A Lot of rounds of Ammo I show how Uptown Niggas drove Ya fake boy, me and my niggas did it to ya Automatic, Black Chopper Trigger Pullers That's how we be, loadin' clips then release Eight deep, in the 300 E, leather seats, and in the trunk atiliary Up the street, where I score shoul ain't for me The B.G. that's the name I go by Test me? You die ask Kangol bout it Hide Out, if ya clip slide out, Ride Out Yo block bout to die out Move yo People I'm burnin' down the whole street The Night Creepers, bout to heat our enemy Lights Off, Mask On Creep Silent Life's gone we don't left yo block quiet Retaliate wait, know you not boy Cause I'm a Hot Boy, Nine-Milli Cock Boy Chopper gunnin' you scared, you see us runnin' Start movin' me and Juvey when we comin' [Juvenile] In yo lap yo brain sit, got a Chopper splittin' through bricks A you Black Crucifix, up in the dirt I be knockin' dicks Smooth and Beretically, my pocket rockin' to Six Figures I'm polverizin' niggas pullin' K-F's with two triggers On my body theres a side of me It only come out at night though Them Demons got me on a flight Duck Tape'N and takin' life, or even worse It could be Three O'clock, on a Sunday by Church Yo brains I'ma have to burst You shouldn't have fucked with me first Gettin' full of some Malcolm, Adams Apple I scalp 'em Got Richard Penatin callin' for National Guards to come help him Very seldom when ya see, when you do what do you do? Bust back, better be a head shot, if not then it's through I'm comin' around the corner bout to pull a Meatball on ya Fully dressed like a hoe, and in my purse is a Calico Me and Lil Turk if you heard of a merger on a murder 50 G'z on his head, what the fuck did you say? 50 G'z Fa'sho that nigga live next door Call the man, give him a rang, left the sucker change Look I fuck with that rap shit, but acts a donkey on the low A Hot Boy representin' this bitch like Black and Moe [Turk] I start to poppin' niggas start to droppin' I'm havin' fatal thoughts I think I'm fuckin' Shell Shockin' Niggas bangin' Four, Five rangin' in my ear I'm not scared, cause I'm Soldier, and Soldiers have no fuckin' fear In my sleep at night, I'm seein' war fights Wakin' up thinkin' a nigga took my fuckin' life Unnecessary shit, mind clickin' like a light switch Who picked you up on any nigga or any bitch Don't give a fuck, steady bangin' in dodgin' camoflaguin' With my Mack- Elivin' , Hot Boy$, that whole Ca$h Money Click Don't fuck with, unless we known to get in yo shit I'm Shell Shock bitch, only thing on my mind Kill a nigga with that fuckin' Chrome-9 Don't have time for them dog hoes Goin' through a stage with that Chopper and that 4-4 [Juvenile] What's this shit I hear about you boys Partners-N-Crime You think you U.N.L.V. punished you bitches the last time Now you gonna shine, let me put somethin' on yo mind Look I was born in this bitch for taken hits, and protectin' shit Its a Fa'sho thing, I'ma bring drama or I'ma wet 'cha Ya bests be bout ya Issue, if not God bless ya What make you think 2-2-6 wasn't strong? That's what we do, you wrong They both com and they gone Off Toppers, I'ma deal with you and yo Partners T.C. , L.D. , Willard Street with Choppers Drama is the need for Ca$h, we play it right though I'm comin' to get a nigga ass, like I'm them white folks Look, better be bout it, if not better be rowdy It's all in yo mind ha?, You gone shine, ha I doubt it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Big Tymers, Lil' Wayne Album: Tha G-Code Song: Lil Boyz Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Juvenile] Huh... You lil boyz don't know what it mean ta get shot You lil boyz don't wanna do nothin' but hang on tha block Yoy lil boyz ain't ready to go to tha pen You lil boyz ain't ready to be sleepin' with nothin' but men You lil boyz better stay in your place You lil boyz ain't gon' be scared until you catch you a case You lil boyz be out here sniffin' that furl You lil boyz gotta get loaded just to go in that world You lil boyz had better hit you a lick You lil boyz shouldn't have ta ask another nigga for shit You lil boyz don't even respect your momma You lil boyz don't even have tha sense to be a Big Tymer You lil boyz swear to God it's a game You lil boyz gotta kill somethin' and get you a name You lil boyz always be makin' a scene You lil boyz wanna be grown, and you're still in your teens (chorus [Lil' Wayne]) Look, you lil boyz better slow down Up in tha mornin', in tha court, it's 'bout to go down Here come them niggas: soulja, Reebok, and Girbaud down There's no remorse now 'Bout to explode rounds Look, you lil boyz better ta slow down Up in tha mornin', in tha court, it's 'bout to go down Here come them niggas: soulja, Reebok, and Girbaud down There's no remorse now 'Bout to explode rounds [Baby] You lil boyz better clear tha block 'Cause somebody done ran in my money spot Cock tha glocks, we prepared to pop Can't let it slide 'cause these lil boyz ain't right Somebody gon' die tonight when we ride tonight I'ma clear your set if I heard your name up in my mess Best make a set trap, bust back with booby traps You're outta line if you're playin' with mine Fuck these bezzel bitch niggas gon' meet tha devil Lil boyz don't know they playin' with rainy weather Fuckin' with my cheddar B.G., Wayne, Juvie, Big Tymers, whatever But, however, if I could do I'ma cook your hood like I cook up pill-goods, fool (chorus [Lil' Wayne]) You lil boyz better ta slow down Up in tha mornin', in tha court, it's 'bout ta go down Here come them niggas: soulja, Reebok, and Girbaud down There's no remorse now 'Bout to explode rounds Look, you lil boyz need ta slow down Up in tha mornin', in tha cut, it's 'bout ta go down Here come them niggas: soulja, Reebok, and Girbaud down There's no remorse now 'Bout to explode rounds Look [Mannie Fresh] Check it out, check it out You lil boyz make it happen, pack up y'all shit You lil boyz need to go ahead on and quit, see You lil boyz know y'all time is up You lil boyz need to (gimme gimme gimme) get tha fuck You lil boyz kinda like had '99 But look, you lil boyz from today to lights out, it's mine You lil boyz need ta (???) with y'all's friends You lil boyz really women with paws like mens You lil boyz stay out mine and worry 'bout yurn You lil boyz is tha right hook for this song 'cause y'all children You lil boyz need to stop stealin' my beats You lil boyz think a producer won't take y'all off y'all feets You lil boyz know I do beats for twenty You lil boyz add that up: zero zero zero comma, aw, fuck it, it's plenty You lil boyz tell y'all baby-momma I'm back in town You lil boyz smiles done turned into frowns [Lil' Wayne] Look, look, When.. I.. ride.. dog Chopper.. be on.. my.. side.. dog Niggas betta run.. duck.. hide.. dog 'Cause I'm about to let.. bullets.. fly.. dog Bahdi-by-by Get it.. right, nigga They all know Lil' Weezy ride at.. night, nigga I dip low, and I'm strapped up.. tight, nigga Duct tape your momma, and shoot off in your.. wife, nigga Look, ain't nothin' nice around here, stupid Keep playin', you won't see next year, stupid Keep sprayin'.. tha MAC-11.. burst Hit 'em where it.. hurts I'ma shoot.. first Soak his.. shirt (ksshhh!) Blood all over tha place Hit tha block, have thugs all over tha place It's Lil' Wayne, nigga, whoa now If you don't think you can hang, nigga, slow down (Chorus [Lil' Wayne]) Look, look, 'Cause you lil boyz need ta slow down Up in tha mornin', in tha court, it's 'bout ta go down Here come them niggas: soulja, Reebok, and Girbaud down There's no remorse now 'Bout to explode rounds Look, you lil boyz need ta slow down Up in tha mornin', in tha court, it's 'bout ta go down Here come them niggas: soulja, Reebok, and Girbaud down There's no remorse now 'Bout to explode rounds [Lil' Wayne] Look, you lil boyz need ta slow down Look, you lil boyz need ta slow down Look, you lil boyz need ta slow down Up in tha mornin', in tha court, it's 'bout ta go down What The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Hot Boys Album: Tha G-Code Song: A Million and One Things Typed by: LilWayne44@hotmail.com [Lil' Wayne] What This.. this here's real, nigga It's real, nigga Too real Pay attention even though I'm young, nigga Look, look This one here's on tha up, dog For all my people with bad luck, dog Strugglin', tryin' ta make a buck, dog For all tha peeps who ain't with us, dog For all my niggas in Angola, stay tough, dog See, this from shorty on tha real I'm tired of seein' my niggas gettin' killed They hustlin' for a mil, nigga, hustle for your bills If ya think ya need help, holla at me, wodie, I'm trill If I got it ta spend, then I got it to give But listen, man.. I know ya see the ice glistenin', man I know it make you wanna go get it bad But ya gotta think 'fore ya move, partna 'Cause it'll make your ship sink and you will lose, partna I know you hate ta take it from a young nigga like me But I betcha can't name one nigga like me That's why I'm tryin' ta preach, my nigga And teach, my nigga If ya don't work ya don't eat, my nigga (Chorus 2x [Juvenile]) They got a million and one things that you could be doin' Than hangin' around this motherfucker talkin' to your children Get off your ass, lil' daddy, and go and get it It's starin' at ya right in your face, you ain't wit it [Juvenile] Look at ya, you're fuckin' up and I can tell it too What is ya smokin'? Everything a nigga sellin' you?! I know you could do better than that, and deserve more Ya use to be tight with your game back in '84 All tha hoes use ta jock ya Niggas use ta knock ya Stay a big shot, motherfucker couldn't stop ya Then ya went ta runnin' 'round tha project with them junkies Holes in your shoes, and your body all funky Lips all ashy, eyes popped out Spendin' your children check, takin' food out they mouth And you get mad with me 'cause I don't wanna give you ten I don't support your habit, nigga, y'all grown men I got kids ta feed, I got bills ta pay I got people comin' askin' for shit everyday I can't please everybody, but I love my folks If I give ya everything, baby, I'ma be broke (Chorus 2x) [Turk] Look... look.. look Where I stay, times is hard for a lot of my peeps Some of my rounds doin' bad.. can't even much eat Everytime I pass through, beggin' me for a dollar Thinkin' I owe them somethin', don't even wanna holla Nigga who use ta be ballin' ain't ballin' no mo' I can see they life fadin' away slowly for sure Niggas who I come up with get me full of that dope Use ta care about theyself, ain't care no mo' Niggas want me ta help 'em.. ain't helpin' theyself You must be out your mind if you ain't helpin' yourself Ain't no love loss... I just gotta stay my distance Gotta keep my mind straight.. before I come up missin' Gotta do my rap thing, and make my paper, mister Ain't gon' let nobody stop me from gettin' my six figures Gettin' my shine on, bling-blingin' everyday If you're not for tha right, stay tha fuck out my way, nigga (Chorus 2x) [B.G.] Everytime I hit tha block, it look like it get worse Make me wonder if V.L. and Magnolia got a curse My niggas still my niggas... got love for 'em all I hate to see that market ride they back and make 'em fall Somebody tell me, if I didn't have change and I was broke Would I get tha same attention when I'm in tha next four-door No, I don't think so, I'll be a equal nigga On the set, smokin' jo's, beggin' people for scrilla On the reala... if I could do it, then you could Lay your hustle down and make your way out the hood Ain't nobody gon' give no hand-outs, I swear Ain't nobody gon' pay tha bills in your house, I swear They don't care, ya gotta stand on your own, my nigga You ain't no child, look in tha mirror, you're grown, my nigga Do yourself a favor: leave tha heroin alone, my nigga And get your hustle on, nigga, get it on, my nigga (Chorus 4x) [Juvenile talking] Man, you could be out here tryin' ta do somethin', man I mean everytime we come through, man, I do somethin' for my people, man I give tha little kids a dollar or so, ya know what I'm sayin' I try ta do things for tha football team Try ta take care of my people Try ta show them how ta help theyself 'Cause they got a lot of problems The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Lil' Wayne, Paparue, Turk Album: 400 Degreez Song: Rich Niggaz Typed by: lcpetro75@att.worldcom.com Why, why, why Why, why, why Why, why Cash Money, Rich Niggaz Look [Lil' Wayne] Loud pipes, big rims Nigga, that's my life When I pull up at the club sorry that's my night I know a lot of haters probably sayin that that's not right Well, my diamonds so much bigger So, that's my life Gleam, gleam Now, only carry big face and you hear the ching, ching Now, you can ask your wife and she will say the same thing And your children be amazed when they see me on the big screen Ha, ha, ha I crack myself up I know I talk lot but I can back myself up Got a little house on the beach that's where I shack myself up You ain't really got more money than me Think about it Let's just say somebody gave me a check to think about it So I just bought a new Rollie and got to take a link up out it And me with no ice is like a Prince concert that ain't crowded They see the Beam, and the truck, and the B-12 And we was next Then that's when I pull up in the B-E-L Le-Le-Lex Ha (1st Chorus) I'm on Fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiire Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot We on Fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiire Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot [Juvenile] Juvenile used to be R-E-T-A bound Now I be bustin these bitches head when I come 'round Acting like a nigga that ain't never had shit Look into my bed sayin that's a mad hit I'll damned if these diamonds and golds ain't shinin My Rollie ain't mine and my bank ain't climbin You lookin at a multi-millionaire in the flesh Might don't have it now, but I just got me a check I can walk it like I talk it, play it how I say it Teach it like I preach it; now, put that in your head Nigga, bet a thousand, shoot a thousand - ain't nuttin Smoke a pound, pop the Cristal and drink somethin Meet me in the casino, way in the back Losin money like a motherfucker, still shooting craps Tomorrow I'll be back, I got millionaire status We make so much money IRS be lookin at us (Repeat 1st Chorus 1X) [Turk] I got more ends than Bonnie have in a factory I'm Lil Turk, I'm living large, got the baddest hoes after me Picture me, a young nigga bawling out of control Playing with millions, laying in condos Nigga I shine, shine through the fucking week The flyiest ride with crystal in the passenger seat Don't hate me, 'cause I'm a little bawler Got more weight than Angola Fucking your girl Carla Nigga I stunt,  And I'm a stunt 'til I can't no more Chest lit up like the oaks From the diamonds I sport Yo, I can't be touched Don't think I'm too much, nigga I'm rich what the fuck Rolex crushed out with the bezel And all the foes that get close to me got to be on my schedule I got so much money I don't know what to do Buy isles and cars And break bread with my crew (2nd Chorus) I'm on Fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiire Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot We on Fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiire Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot B.G. on Fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiire Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot [Paparue] Uh, uh, uh Hear me It's like, monkey see, monkey do Rolling with the Cash Money Runners I stay true Cause when were running and climbing on the million-dollar scene Holding together, mo-de-ming, mo-de-ming When I bring out the rubber around the Hummer ??? Benz, or in the Lex Bubble When I start they said I had no fame Now all the girls just end up calling my name 10 G's to ??? Fax the contract to big Cash Money Cause you know this whole clique right with me They're right with me Sip-pe-di-dy Won't count the diamonds just around my neck X amount-a dollars on a bankroll check If you want to really come and sing with me Those that got me wicked, then I do some free For free! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Juvenile f/ Lil' Wayne Album:	400 Degreez Song:	Run For It Typed by: dirtysouth439@yahoo.com (Juvenile) I be comin' up wit da glock toy You can stop boy You ain't heard I'm off tha block boy Chipp-pedy chop boy Off in ya cut is where I'm layin Ready fo' sprayin' Soon as I see yo face and hand I ain't wit dat playin' My daddy showed me how to play it in a situation My daddy tol' me I ain't shit wit outta occupation So I played the game Bust yo head if you said my name I had some of deez niggaz scared I came I kno' some niggaaz out tha (mag)nolia that'll ride fo' me I kno' some niggaz hollin' solja dat a die fo' me T.C., L.T., Magnolia and six Oh you want some of dat fire dope you can score in da bricks You disrespectin' my mind cuz you keep comin' short I might hitcha wit dat iron cuz you need ta be taught You keep showing yo teeth cuz you thank its a joke You mus thank deez bullets ain't real and you ain't gon git smoke (Chorus) Now if ya at dat second line and dem boyz gotta gun You betta run for it, run for it, run And if ya too deep in some beef and dem boyz bout ta come You betta run for it, run for it, run If ya ain't gotta strap but cho enemy got one You betta run for it, run for it, run And if you git into it wit a cash money brotha You betta run for it, run for it, run (Lil Wayne) I be in all black sometimes Sometimes I be jumpin out trees in camouflage Me and Juvenile got two keys we bout ta ride Dem boyz playin wit da U.P.T. well dey gots to die Man its that deep It's a tragedy That you can test me Heard I run in houses don't put it past me  Hell look boy you betta tell deez niggaz Fo' I mask up and try ta kill deez niggaz You'ont' want my stress troubles I be back in 2 hummers and 5 lex-bubbles Wa my big brother Juvy Tol' me not to eva letta nigga screw me Tol' me if I eva did he would do me Gave me two guns and sent me round dey shootin' And then they start runnin' Hardest niggaz on tha block started actin like a woman Tha 4-foot stranger in ya area bustin' Load it up and slide it in Cock it back pop it out we ridin ??? ? I'll run in a busta spot I'll sit on a busta porch I'll sleep on a busta block Apply five and then let go !Bang! Lil' cowards keep playin, get hurt Motha-flirk see I'ont' curse But'll wet up yo shirt Look all my enemy's see me comin All my enemy's peeeeeeeeeuuuunggggggghhhhh be runnin' (Chorus) (Juvenile) You thank I'm playin-a somthin Lil Woo dey' I ain't trippin' Tha beef started last week and dem niggaz still be hittin' Two children got killed and a ol' lady got hit Look I'm bout ta git tha fuck cuz I ain' got no time fo' dis shit Now you can be comin' through And runnin to a gun if you feel That they ain't gon' do you shit cuz ya real I'ont' wanna be witcha when its hapning either I probally be some where ducked off takin a nap wit my people I'd rather see it on T.V. than see it in person Having my fucking' head hurtin' When dem 30's be burstin' Bet if yo beef see ya he ain't gon wait fo' ya dog Our all gon' try to rearrange ja face fo' ya dog 2nd line and round dem clubs ain't no place fo ya dog Dem same niggaz you come up wit playa-hatin ya dog I see em comin wit choppers and I know they gon' bust Lil' Wayne hol' up We kiting out sho' nuff' (Chorus) 2x Run for it Ya betta run for it, run for it Ya betta run for it, run for it Go git cha gun for it Ya betta run for it, run for it, run Run for it, run for it, run, run for it Run for it, run, run for it, run for it, run Get cha gun for it , gun for it, gun Get cha gun for it gun for it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Baby, Lil Wayne, Turk Album: Project English Song: Set it Off (Radio Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] (Okay) Uh-huh (uh-huh) okay (mmhmm) uh-huh (Mmhmm) Street mix (street mix) (Uh-huh) Listen, listen, listen.. (Ladies and gentleman!) Okay I'm Weezy Wee the man and I reps it well And it's gon' be Cash Money whether death or jail Catch me flossin in the hood, tryin to get at ya girl Or in a Porsche like a bat out of hell - vrrrrooom Now I'ma tell ya how it is and no matter the cost Respect me or get a shot to where you gather your thoughts Got a Escalade wavin on them deep dish rims And got ya girl sayin "We just friends" - I ain't trippin I'ma do it for my city so ya gotta get with it Blue-eyed Bentley, knew I'd get it, uh-huh From the streets of the dirty, it's humid and muddy We get money or it get bloody, ya hoid me? I got some freaks on my side that you'll like And somethin on my wrist colder than a Coors Light It's SQ-7 CMB it's life It's Hot Boy forever Weezy Wee get right, uh-huh (Ladies and gentleman!) [Chorus 2X: Juvenile] A wodie, whassup? Wodette, whassup? A wodie, whassup? Set it off in this mother whassup? A wodie, whassup? A wodette, whassup? A wodie, whassup? Set it off in this mother whassup? [Baby] I'm the #1 stunna Baby, B, Bryan and Bubba  Got that Crist' in my hand, a pistol in the other Olde English and Hot Boy bout to get in some trouble Plus I'm leanin off the liquor, bout to get at your woman I'm runnin with them HPG's, them Uptown thugs I ain't buyin the bar homey I'm buyin the club So momma look, get chea, show me whassup Put some straightenin on them dubs, and show me some love Like Hennessy, (?), clean, G You gotta admit it that's the way it's supposed to be I'm the bird man homey and I'm sellin them cheaps Put hits on bustaz while I'm brushin my teefs Can't quit this now cause you done played it too strong Stunna call you on it 'til I'm dead and gone One love to them Hot Boys, sellin that wrong And my homies in the pen, from usin they phones [Turk] Look, forget what ya heard dawg, Turk still thuggin You got me messed up, bout to make me start bustin Trust me, I don't miss cousin And the last thing you see is fire and blood gushin I'm a lil' thug, always strapped with that thang You get killed thug, when you're messin with me main I run with real soldiers called the B.G.F. Ready for anything you could believe dat dere I guess it's in us to be the way that we be We all from Uptown, from the 3 'til the 13th We tote choppers, with a hundred in 'em And you see them dome shots we bout, runnin in 'em We play it raw, give a know what about the law They get stole too when they, messin with us My team still strong, we all from the hood CMR for life, come between? Wish you would {*Juvenile ad libs to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Bullet Proof, Hot Boys Album: Solja Rag Song: Spittin' Game Typed by: Mike82122@aol.com Fresh. Slim, Baby. Hot Boys. Hot Boys in this bitch. Check it out. Turk: Niggas steady getting chopped Losin they life behind stupid shit Ain't that a bitch Niggas, gettin' they wig split And it's a shame Killin' has became a fame I cannot see my brains layin On the ground I keep my 9 on my waistline Chop 'em down Picks up the shells could leave no evidence around and, it's t-shirt land when niggas ain't playin' Got a chrome glock got it cocked Red dot on yo' knot As I pop Nonstop Till you drop Pronounced dead On the spot It's a tragedy when I spin' yo fuckin' block A nigga, from BlackConnect Will leave ya wet Fa' sho yo' face is on the next If ya disrespect I ain't fakin' it, yo' life I'm takin' it Hollow points bullets racin' it Niggas ain't makin' it When I bust Tell it to any nigga chopper bullets you can't trust If you bust, when I spray Head for shelter 10% is gonna help ya, 90 is gonna fail ya A lot of punk niggas try to play hard Put yo' face on a fresh tee sendin' that ass to the morgue Better be cool if you don't, that's all on you. Bullet Proof: 16 worth a mill my whole clique push dope Transportin' ki's in the all black Camero 50 G's on the seat, layin' next to my heat I'm a Hot Boy to the police And I'm a thug on the street Yeah I score from Slim and B  10 a ki, real OG's, 36 oz's formed the halves Goin' for 2 G's UPT connect, bout stackin', leave ya wet Niggas who disrespect, my chopper put in check Big body on broaders, that's all I know Mansion on Washetona 6 figures on the floor Double R and DR watched by Uptown security guards 10 G's a ki, 36 o's a piece 4 and a half, 2 G's, but I'll take 18 Got some niggas on my team bout head bussin' and green Flippin' ????? G's, hoopties, to benzies I get my ki's, from my uncle KC He's a Magnolia soldier Be in 10 in Angola Shoot out in that 'Nolia Knock ya head off ya shoulders Juvenile: I ain't about no playin When I'm comin' get out the way Gun play, bussin' a nigga ass on the runway Head straight back to the hot block Flight in a half If I'm out there bad I might cut you in half UTP tatooed it, across my stomach stay booted Look I'm a looter, holdin' the Ruger Or a 6 shooter On Tuesdays and Thursdays You better watch for the sweep Look them people gon' act a ass if you get caught in the street I'm layin off in some room by my bitch duckin' them people Staked out the area, and rob the chinese store Do it like it's legal, I heard heads in power Bitches want the dope dick children and cop blockers Niggas in the cut with ski masks lookin' for me I'm on top of the roof with a chopper watchin' em too Fuck with me your mans urge get in his curtains Now send ya people To the TC and we gon' hurt 'em I'm seein' niggas  Shootin like that heavy on 'bauds and tens I'm in the Chevy with B.G. and our girlfriends Park 'round the corner leave ya gun and creep slow Look bitch this ain't the night show, lay it down hoe Ya think I'm playin, ask Baby and Slim how I can Hook me up I don't have time for no games Look here I stompin in this bitch I'm chompin' a new fit I'm bound to snatch a hoe and make her monkey on this dick Look at what ya facin partner A whole nation  Of niggas that's mind damaged ????? paper chasin' With that iron I'ma roll wit em Mama don't pray for me I don't back down from no nigga They got a place for me Lil Wayne: See I want millions, hundreds and big thousands Tryin' to rain clout and third ward public housin' Uptown streets is where all my ends meet Give me 9 9 G tryin' to see my destiny I do it all to ball drop the phone if I call See I'm livin' real large eventhough I'm real small But don't let that fool ya Money rules everything around me Creepin up silent behind ya that's where ya find me I ain't hear for a lil I want the whole damn spot I cock my glock and have ya plot so I turn out to the top Nigga be runnin' with money Things you doin' I done done it 9 9 point 5 mil big deals keep it comin Slugs hummin' chopper gunning catch the vapor from the laser Infrared fled big bread money maker Pop a slug barrell shaker for big paper Big ballin' life taker for big caker Ben Franklin, bank televancin' big bankin Bust 'em ???? em, left stankin' ship sankin' Ain't no such thing like see another nigga come up But if I don't know that other nigga, then his come up is my stuff Call it a bluff if you want, but come and test for ya own See how quick model homes leave home and ???? Roam to the top, slip up and get buck Get out my way, fo' I spray I'm tryin' to live up B.G.: Young thugger, baby gangsta Thug or get popped Off top Aim my pistol straight for head shots I release the safety, if ya chase me Best waste me Don't hunt bitch down in ya way Or ya make me Reverse the game and wax that ass Stop you from playin'  I clear yo block on that ass Nigga wonder why I stress Uptowns the place It's the best We got weapons that'll go through ya vest Get left wet Disrespect it's beef fo sho  Got back up, from the Mac Melph Calio You got coke, and don't wanna go broke VL it Cuz around me bitch I'm doin bad ya can't sell it B.G. terrorize 4 niggas ya dig Bitch niggas get split  If you got change on ya wig I'll take the hit Real fast and quick 226 my clique Cash Money the shit Project heroes Bout 6 zeroes Makin' records is the front we got 10 kilos Unload reload If ya ball you fall If I jack you I don't want half I want all Stand tall for mine Nuts hang I'm real My skills outstandin'  Kill or be killed Niggas out to give me the blues Let 'em kill me, I refuse I'm down for killing But the one of I was accused I leave ya funky I put my trunk-y Hair by a monkey So what ya self cuz I'm down to act a donkey In the N.O. town, jackers 3, 4 deep Put ya sleep if ya playin' wit a QB Bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ B.G., Big Tymers, Lil Wayne Album: Project English Song: Sunshine Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Juvenile] + (Mannie Fresh) Whoa-ohh-oh-ohh.. come down now rude bwoy Little Weezy Wez, try and take over as the rude bwoy now I got a gold two thousand Jag, and customized Cadillac (I got some shit with 17's on the front, and 20's on the back) My mom in a mansion, and my dad in a truck (Player my sister in a 2001 tinted and rimmed up) I take care of my baby mommas like we still together (When my brother get out of jail man I'ma buy him whatever) Credit in my yellow gold in exchange for white (Y'all saw me at the Source Awards, wasn't that shit like tight?) Cartier frames with wood grain on the ear (V.S.O.P. Hennessy, so save y'all fuckin beers) A diehard nigga, a 3rd Ward nigga (7th Ward hardhead ready for war nigga) A Cash Money clown, tattooed and scarred nigga (I ain't bitchin up for nar' one of y'all funky ass niggaz) Princess cuts, baguettes and marquises - what that say? (Bad motherfuckin baguettes in Chinese) [Chorus: repeat 2X] Sunshine - in the middle of the night Sunshine - with baguettes so bright Sunshine - every place that I be Sunshine - all of ya bwoys know me [B.G.] We be holdin the Cristal high so you can see The princess cutted Presidential Roley [Baby] Sho' Lil, won'tcha scratch the Rover, with the block TV (You lyin) Six in the headrest, all got new TV's [B.G.] Well look the other hand, holdin a blunt real high So you can see the Wonder Woman bracelet sunshine [Baby] 2000, Navigation on 19 inches My mom in the 6 I ain't out ya penny pincher [B.G.] God Bless Wayne, when I set foot on the scene I make you take a triple take, at the bling, the bling bling (what?) [Baby] Iced out sparklin millionaire on the flo' Hittin these hoes with shit they never seen befo' [B.G.] Now when you see my neck, you could just say ooh That Hot Boy from Cash Money's a fool [Baby] In our platinum Benzes with the cat eyes (eyes) Flat screens in my crib with the flat I's (I's) [Lil Wayne] Hold up - there go Wayne, everybody be quiet Oh my God! He's drivin from the passenger's side Million dollar conversation when I talk I'm shinin Nigga I.. puh, puh - spit out diamonds I change the grill on my truck so I don't blend with niggaz A young cat like me with Bill Clinton figures I'ma expensive nigga, drive Bentleys nigga (?) got it dropped on twenty inches nigga Best type got navigation system nigga VCR, PlayStation, televisions nigga You know stuntin is a habit, chrome on the Navi TV's in that rear headrest to entertain the traffic They call me the hot man, got the block on lock man All my cars chopped man, all my trucks drop man Trunk full of knock man, wrist full of rocks man Pants full of glocks man, sunshine spot man [Baby] Now you can catch me sunshinin on the lake on Sunday What's happenin Fresh? [Fresh] Don't fight, Sunny Delight - it's beautiful [Baby] Where, nigga, where you, where you be sunshinin at? [Juve] Yeah I be sunshin up in my, new Cadillac truck Or my new 2000 Jaguar, ya know me [Baby] My lil nigga Weezy went and got Baby on his right arm and Suga Slim on his left arm, whatchu think about that Jesus? (That's wonderful) Hahaha (that's lovely) that's true What, we gon' let, lovely take it out with his R&B album bout to come out, he don't give a fuck about a bitch.. {*all laughing*} [Fresh] Sunshine is a sport man.. [Baby] Lil Turk sittin there spookin somebody.. {*laughing to fade*} Artist: Juvenile f/ Hot Boys, Big Tymers Album: 400 Degreez Song: U.P.T Typed by: tru4nolimit@yahoo.com B.G. & (Baby) Cash Money slangin nine nigga (Off top playboy) H.B's and The B.G.'s (What's happing little B.G. bring it to these niggas) (B.G.) When I got that iron in my hand I'm going to slang it When I got that drama on my mind I'm going to bring it I ain't backing down from no nigga that's hatin If the nigga say I ain't bout my buisness look here he hatin (Baby) Comin uptown playboy we gonna slang it  If I catch down nigga bad we gonna leave ya stainin Fuckin wit my H.B's nigga I'm gonna bring it Rollin uptown stay strap and keep thinkin' (B.G.) Cause a nigga get stolen Better yet get takin Paper is burn They come fast, ya cant shake it Picture this my brother Cash Money done went nation That come's from 7 hard years of dedication (Baby)  Fuckin with B.G. nigga  I'm puttin on your viece and I'm a kill me a nigga  That's believing worth 6 figures we call hard hitters We uptown riders and we real with this nigga (nigga) (B.G.) Police can investigate but they ain't gonna find shit But a 100 bullet shells without a fucking fingerprint This Hot Boy click laid back and spy on niggas We see them working on something look here we riders Ain't like working niggas Any block with a flussy That goes for the boss too We ain't got no picks to choose it We get cha if we gotta Wig split cha if we gotta I know you ain't got word that B.G.'s a rider So keep it on the D.L If you got keys don't serve nobody but off V.L 'Cause they play for keeps  A one way ticket to hizell  6 ft. deep It's a filthy dirty rizell On the U.P.T I was raised in the streets But I put it on my mind  By the time I was nine I was pushin nigga  I was slangin that nine (Lil Wayne) Na, Na, Na, Na Now them them don't want us  They know me and Turk don't fuss in the corners They already know that we brothers, Blood  Or whatever you wanna call it Click up wit my dog we get crazy like alcholics Plus we ballers So whatever we spin the Lex or Benz Its gonna be on twenny, twen, twens (Turk) Get off the block when we come nigga (nigga) To the lane  Shots that close shop when the bullets start sparying Run your mouth too much, better watch what cha sayin Like a nigga on the sideline, nigga we ain't playin (Lil Wayne) Na, Na, Na, Na Now why O why Lord The nigga wanna try and die Lord (Turk)  Niggaz wanna learn hard way Give it to 'em like that Make 'em suffer  Put that bitch wit a bag (Juvenile) I guess you probably standin there sayin, "Who's the muthafucka?" Nigga Juv's the muthafucka, thata bruise a muthafucka Either there's been a lot of cross-firing in the bricks And I'm gonna kill me a nigga If they put me in that shit  Look I'm gonna tell ya like I tell my folks Play with me if you want but Cash Money going broke Even if it means creepin up slow  Busting out shots out my black Volvo Fo sho, 'cause ain't nobody gonna run me I don't want nobody going to tell my mama when somebody done me She ain't bring me in the world for that She ain't raise no ho's She could have had a girl for that I been realized, I'm all in Surrounded by the camoufalge, in ballin Make a nigga recognize, I'm starvin Go in and do a homicide, you fallin, stop callin Cause ain't no peace treaties wodie You better leave that 45 at your house cause you gonna need it wodie I told you boy, I'm a souljah boy U.T.P up on my stomach from the Nolia boy (B.G. Talking) Slangin nine Fo sho nigga That's how we layin it down for the '98 all the way to the '99 Worldwide Slangin nine All you bus pass niggas better recognize (Juvenile Talking) This on here bouncin all out ya heard me Ask my nigga Prime nigga  Ask my nigga Lac nigga  Ask my nigga B Dog nigga  Ask Manny Ask Ruckus  Ask my brother Corey Ask B.G.'s nigga Ask Suga Slimm (B.G. Talking) You ain't got no muthafuckin heart Got the butcha knife chillin Slicing throats we doin it like that nigga Ah ha, Ah ha How You Luv That now nigga? What's up now nigga? Talk that shit now What, What's up I thought we was what kind of boys Nigga what, nigga who what, nigga ha (Juvenile Talking) I know yall gonna hear me all over the nation So this is for the East Coast, the South Coast, the West Coast, over the world Nigga ain't no beef nigga It's bout money Nigga if you ain't making no money I can't talk (B.G. Talking) Shut the fuck  Nigga ain't got no words for ya It's all about the fetti The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Lil Wayne Album: Project English Song: What U Scared 4 Typed by: WutUScared4@aol.com [Juvenile] I'd be a stupid motha fucka if I'm stuck in his pot I aint waitin to see what nigga out here love me or not I say I hate em from a distance and they scopin' my neck But these diamonds even cost me M-R and cars on my deck And I can already vision people sayin I'm wrong But I rather his momma than my momma singin that song Besides chickens gon' be chickens and ducks gonna be ducks And I'm all around guerrilla that love playin them cuts Im'a attached to the streets, those niggas in the pens  Started problems wit ol' tymers that did ten And this bitch curly head still been in the case But he aint man enough to leave a real one in the face And to you 4-6 and 8 bitches wit t.v. Pranks You jeopardize my living quarters, wanna see me sank But I got news for everyone of y'all I know who yah is, plus I won't be satisfied until I go in yah crib [Hook] Whatcha getting scared for? Don't get spooked You was a bad mother fucker at first stunt too Lookin fed up so me and Wheezy we comin through And who ever sides yappin we gon' punish em too (Repeat x2) [Lil Wayne] Armed and Dangerous, Rich and Famous, Young and Restless Guns and Stretcha's, Crystal and dubs for breakfast I just got one suggestion, ask yah Testem, this cuz get hectic  Send one through your son's intestines  Lock, snock lung through testin's If the portrait, bodies piled up on porches, it won't be gorgeous  Ride with the torch, scorchin, ready to blaze Step in me ways, kidnap your car for 70 days And let it be said Holly Grove's the home of a soldier And if a nigga breathe wrong than it's over I never love ya, my metal slug ya If you kept on fuckin wit the squad Put the coward's stomach by his thighs, nothin survives And as far as the coke, 20 bricks month and supply And as far as the dope, plenty chips come and say "Hi" Drop 3-2 roll, all black, buttons and shyer I don't need you hoe Jack my dick, cum in yah eyes What? [Hook] [Lil Wayne] Nigga C'mon You gotta love us Bumpin inside of humma's Ride as thugga's, we who be Think that them coward's busta's Why we hustlin in they sleep We be in that powder smuggle by the doubles every week And if one of them cowards run up try to knock him off his feet The brotha is Wheezy, love it or leave me Gats hug it and squeeze it Crack, bundle it easy Run it wit these n' murderers, crooks and x-cons Yah test mine I give it to yah chest 6 times [Juvenile] I believe in me and my family cuz niggas is broads  That leave you slanted, thugged out wit a conspiracy charge All pussy aint the pussy like money and drugs I'm dickin bitches that trial and I'm the jury and judge I make sure I separate it, though I hate when I love Its just me, Cash Money Millionaires that wackin the plug Wud-up Lil Wheezy, im laid back up in the cut if yah need me Its love believe me [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Baby, Lil Wayne Album: Project English Song: White Girl Typed by: NykiasStriker@aol.com (Lil Wayne) Listen...I'ma hundred percent hussla from my face to my feet My lifetime cases the street, my dime places the street Until I wake and see another fuckin day is relief I pray that he keep, I'm scrappin my knees from chasing this cheese I had point guard dreams of playin for some team Hit the block and made NBA money in one week See I hussle in the hood and plus I fly birdies And play the tracks out every month so I can ride dirty needed someone to manage my money I hired Shelly But Shelly started talkin to much so she died early They got me loadin up my Benz with my eyes blurry I sent the message to the fucker at bout five thirty Now if the bitch aint got my dice for me then I'm sorry But i'ma leave everyone who outside bloody And then I go in the stash get the coke and the cash I'm lettin niggas score it for half, I'm hopein it last But still nigga don't, I might have to just go in the lap And if its slow in the ass back to the rope and the mask (Chorus) (Lil Wayne) Man we got that white girl, and wigga talk bout uh price to make it right for you And if you like that alllright then we got what you neeed And if you like that nasty broad then we got low ki's.. Dog who got um? We got that white girl and wigga talk about uh price to make it right for you And if you like that alllright then we got what you neeed And if you like that nasty broad we got them low ki's.. Man who got um? We got that white girl and wigga talk about uh price to make it right for you And if you like that alllright then we got what you neeed And if you like that nasty broad we got them low ki's.. Playa who got um? (Juvenile) I hate when a nigga flex up and he's makin it sound As though he been doin that border, but that nigga would drown My block been infiltrated by uh whole lot of fake ass niggas Scared ass niggaz, wont even bust uh grape ass niggaz I'm talkin to you! so take it how you want ho I've been here for uh minute, so I looked up and you dont move Ya partnuhs been fuckin wit ya cause they know how you is Niggas be smackin ya and humpin you and snatchin yo shit Matter fact get the fuck out my face, befo' I put you in ya place I'm one secound from bustin the drapes Well you can get ya money and all but not ch'ere Lil daddy I been runnin this section for 5 years, first of all I dont like ya I dont know ya, run and get ya gun if you want I'm gon show ya You one of them niggaz try earning your stripe  Lil daddy I'm one of them niggaz that'll hit ya at night (Chorus) (Baby) That liquor like dope nigga I gots to have it, Cook flip the brick with some heavy traffic Guns gon bust if these niggas be lackin Cadallac, gold spokes, brick head, and baskets Overflow this bitch white work gone faster Tradegy of uh murder case twisted and laughin In the bentley drop top and Pac is blastin Hit the hood jumpin the cop, we start the stashin Bunch of white t-shirts phone calls harrasment Bought a pot on that shit make it hot and ejectin He standin on my two feet he purrin "I aint blastin" Coming up from child hood days about my cashing Hundred g's on the trunk of the Escalade Cadi I never did listen , I never mind my daddy My brother gave him a game cookin in an ally 4 bricks two guns I'm runnin to my parents (Chorus) - repeat 2X Artist: La the Darkman f/ Juelz Santana, Lil' Wayne Album: The Notorious L.A.D Song: Feel My Face Typed by: pneumatic [Juelz Santana] Uhh, I can't feel my face As I sit back, Relax, Shorty head in my lap In the back of the Bentley gettin head in the back You know, And she aint gotta head full of nap So I'm pushin on her head from the back, Gimmie that Gimmie that, Up and down, Down and Up, Gimmie that Laffy Taffy came on she gave me head to the snaps Like doom doom, Da doom doom, Haha She made me the song, she wrong Yeah she bout action, Bout work She suck dick like a vacuum suck dirt I call her the quicker picker upper Cause she quick to pick a nut up Quicker then a nigga tell her pick the nut up Ya dig bitch, Now let me tell you bout this six shot ruger That I keep for you busters if you twitch I'll shoot ya I'll buck ya, I'll bang ya, I'll move ya Like a dead car battery, Trust me I'll boost ya No car cables, I'll hang ya like a hanger in the closet No coat on the hanger, Just hang ya in the closet Boy, I could just leave you were you stand Or I could shoot you in the hand then meet you where you land [La the Darkman] I don't play with these boys, Most of em flunkies This La, Red rag, Red Ones, Red Monkies You smell it from a mile, My purps so funky You nothin but a mule, Jackass, A donkey Stop tryna play rude, Your not that dude You and your boss soft as baby food Up top we lean back, The A, We lean wit it I got every color Air to match every color fitted Shoot the shit out ya, Let nobody know I did it A-B-C-G, Anybody can get it From a rifle with a scope, You'll die like the Pope Better yet JFK, On your parade day I got the mind of a Harvard scholar, Use it to gross a dollar Found a coke connect from Guatemala Private jet fly high like Andre from Budalla Yall Chihuahuas, Little dogs, I'm a Rottweiler, This La [Lil' Wayne] I came to rep my hood I gotta ride clean, I gotta smoke good I'm pullin on big fat cigars like Suge I aint gotta explain what's already understood Baby I'm a G, I'm just tryna get full The _____ S380 keep me warm like wool Niggas talkin shit, I wish a nigga would Boy, Your smellin like shit form a bull, Boy I gotta lot but I never get enough man Twenty-six inches got the low-low sittin up Yep, Momma I could fix ya so you need to hook it up Yep, Rocky Marciano how I beat the pussy up Yep, You not a soprano play pussy get fucked Hit a nigga from a hundred yards like *click* Hahaha, You really aint prepared dog Chop and split your ass in half, Not even share yall That's the game stop lookin for a fair call Pussy cat niggas watch em cough up a hair ball Lookin at niggas like why you gotta stare dog Chop and cut heads off, It doesn't cut hair off These niggas air soft, Yeah, Soft shelled taco, Mild sauce Hahaa, Move the Ferrari like a wild horse Or I get showfered like a mob boss Yeah, Feel my swagger nagger I'm sharper then a knife, Sword, Blade, And dagger Don't play with me bastard, *Bucka-Bucka-Bucka* Don't play with me Casper, Duct tape don't break the wrapper I sell it to em hoe, They gone pay me faster Yeah, Bitch make me rich If not, Make me cum then make me grits Bitch blow on these dice, Make me rich Now watch me bet my whole hand on an eight or a six A ten or a four, A five or a nine Hey-Hey little rappers it's survival time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Twist f/ Lil Wayne Album: Don't Get it Twisted Song: Love Affair Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Lil Twist] I'm dealin with this love affair It used to be just physical But now it's just too emotional for meeee.. I wanna confess but I can't, tell my girl what I want So what do I do? Let it burn inside of me Will I get away or will it end in tragedyyyyy? [Lil Twist] Fatal attraction, ready for action She had a body like Ms. Jackson I knew there was trouble when she passed by but she was so fly (Ooooooh..) She invited me over.. So I hopped in the Rover... Then my lady called the phone, and I should of went home But I let the phone roam, and it was like [Bridge] Ooooooooooooh, I can't keep my shirt onnnnnn... I swear it's like, ooooooooooooooooh I can't keep my hands to myseeeeeeelf.. (uh-uh) [Lil Twist] I swear that I was done, I'm never goin back Then she called up, she said I left my hat Daaaamn, y'know I can't live without my hat - hah! I got an excuse to double back y'all (back y'all) So you know I'm gon' have a ball I said I'm goin back y'all (back y'all) Believe me, thats not all And now I'm like... [Bridge + Chorus] [Lil Wayne] Uh, I got a main bitch, and a mistress I'm tryin to work it out, I'm on my fitness Probably won't last, but I'm optimistic One makes me happy, the other makes a difference I ain't a player, but I love a lot She loves me, she loves me not But it feel good, and it's not supposed to I eat her insides - mm~! soul food She put her head back, then her eyes close We stuck in the moment ,like the time froze Then my girl call, back to reality But I keep her in a picture in my heart gallery, oh! ...Yea [Bridge + Chorus] [Outro] But now it's just too emotional for meeee.. Emotional...emotional... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Little Brother f/ Lil Wayne Album: Getback Song: Breakin My Heart Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Phonte] Hey baby look here, this new song I wrote it's got that nice groove that everybody dancin to And when I play it it kind of remind me of me and you I mean, it's it's one more thing I wanna talk about now look It's It's It's time now for you to come home now Look everybody got there problems I'm dealin with mine I I I done gave up my narcotic, I'm a changed man!!!!!! [Verse 1: Rapper Big Pooh] Yo, how many ways can I say I'm done fishin? You wanted the role, smashed the audition Havin a partner for a man in my position Eliminates the cooks in the kitchen Still I got a taste for that fast food, foreign cars, many women and some say that it was the life I was given I say it don't matter if I work at Mickey D's I still got a fix for what you got between your knees On a new broad, you still one to one Every once and again I like havin some fun No disrespect intended but what's done is done Women steppin out for love, men do it to cum "Not a Player" like Pun, but when shorty's get to grabbin on me the last thought I get is, "Poobie run!" To them girls wishin on a star this will stun But I gotta tell it like it is, hon - One! [Chorus: Phonte] (R&B Sample) She say she love me won't leave me won't never let me go But if you think of leavin you need to let me know We better together than further apart So darlin don't go breakin my heart (Don't go breakin my heart) [Lil Wayne] (R&B Sample) Yeah! She say she love me won't leave me won't never let me go But if you think bout leavin you need to let me know We better together than further apart So darlin don't go breakin my heart (Don't go breakin my heart) [Verse 2: Phonte] We was high school sweethearts, talkin since we was teens Every mornin, and every ev-ening Ten years later, she eatin that Lean Cuisine I'm on the field, straight gone off that creatine in the NFL - which mean Not For Long City to city, all the groupies they hop along Word get back, the wifey she like, "Stop the song" "I'm takin the kids to my momma's, I'm out, I'm gone!" - whoa! Momma was like, "Baby now, I hate to see your tears But I been with your daddy for bout 35 years And in my day, I had to turn a blind eye to cheatin but I ain't never had to wear no black eyes from beatings As long as he doin right, by you and the kids How you gon expect that man not to be who he is? I ain't sayin that it's right, but we often pay the price cause a woman's life is love, a man's love is life and he gon live it to the fullest,  and I ain't tryna pull you down, or sound like a broken record But you should know by now that ALL niggas is dogs Better to have a rich Pit than a broke German Shepard, uh!" [Chorus: Phonte] She say she love me won't leave me won't never let me go But if you think of leavin you need to let me know We better together than further apart So darlin don't go breakin my heart (Don't go breakin my heart) She say she love me won't leave me won't never let me go But if you think of leavin you need to let me know We better together than further apart So darlin don't go breakin my heart (Don't go breakin my heart) [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] Word up, I say I don't have nothin If I don't have you Like Sade, you got the +Sweetest Taboo+ And my game is skin deep like the first tattoo I gets all in your head just like shampoo I just wanna fuck with you like rude polices I don't want a broken heart because I lose the pieces Hey! Girl don't play with my gangsta And have the boy blue like the Texas Ranger And I know cheaters never get crowned So I play fair like roller coasters and clowns Yeah! You gotta hold your soldier down Even when the war is lookin like, it is right around the corner And you don't wanna leave me believe me Cause I can turn you on like a person on TV It's Young Weezy, I know what you thought But I'm just here to play my part so, don't go breakin my heart [Chorus: Lil Wayne] (R&B Sample) Yeah! She say she love me won't leave me won't never let me go But if you think bout leavin you need to let me know We better together than further apart So darlin don't go breakin my heart (Don't go breakin my heart) [Chorus: Phonte] She say she love me won't leave me won't never let me go But if you think of leavin you need to let me know We better together than further apart So darlin don't go breakin my heart (Don't go breakin my heart) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lloyd f/ Lil Wayne Album: Lessons in Love Song: All Around the World Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Big Reese] Pop a bottle to this one! Hahahaha! (Uh!) There he is, '88 NEW LLOYD! Hahaha! Street Lloyd {"All around the world, girls all around the world" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lloyd f/ Big Boi, Chamillionaire, Lil Wayne Album: Get it Shawty (Remix) 12" Song: Get it Shawty (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Lil Wayne] Aight, let's go... This champagne was for me? Lloyd, I gotchu! Yeah, okay, I'm Weezy, ba-by And I am from the South where we call  all our women ba-by Hey baby, hey baby All day I - hey, hey, hey I'm ballin like fade-a-way Three letter credit, A-O-K Black card, black card Girl, I got a black card Can I buy some of your time and charge it to my black card? You can be my bittersweet Shake that sugar AND salt Chain full of asphalt (rocks) Bullshit walk, cash talk Car black, car big Car fast, Car-ter (yeah) Can I, stick my pencil in your sharp-ner? Beat it up like it's a drum Call me Travis Bark-er Tap-tap-tap, boom-boom, tap-tap Boom-boom, tap-tap - BRRRRRRRRRR! PSSSSSH!! [Chorus: Lloyd] (Lil Wayne) All I (yeah) - really want is (what) for you to back it up gon' and put your weight on it (back it up, back it up) 'Cause it's alright (alriiiight!) Do whatchu wanna (Alriiiight!) Make me believe it, ooh I wanna see it Get it shawty, get it shawty ('Cause it's the remix, ba-bay!) (The remix, ba-bay! The remix, so - ) G-g-get it shawty, get it shawty ('Cause it's the remix, ba-bay!) (The remix, ba-bay! The remix, haaaah!) [Big Boi] I'ma show you how to go get these hoes Fully-clothed or the shoe models Y'all know those that work that pole Tight calf muscles, manicured toes French tips for the French-kiss on the French Riviera, ever been ther-era? Never? Well, I'm internationally known and accepted - gone get naked No? I respect it, so I'ma exit Sand in the hourglass, gone by the second I'ma +Get Shorty+ like Danny Devi-  to; hit a party, get it started - shall we go, slow? Past the velvet rope Hopin later on that she get her pelvic broke Say ich, me, sun, chi Ich say, me say, DIIIING DONG - PSSSSSH!! [Chamillionaire] Go get his car and hit the mall then buy whatever that you want and He keep callin, keep ignorin I'ma pick you up and we gon' bounce like Spalding Tired of ballin chicks ike Tila Sidekick {?} pics look like Vida Pull it to the max, just look at my meter Fall-in in love the minute I meet her Groupies be tryin to act like they divas 'til I eject them out of my Beemer Step to the side, it's lookin like we the same as a Sumo with a wifebeater "Super Tight..." Koopa's right Put a lil' playarizim in yo' life 'Cause I'm the type of Grinch that you like My money MEAN and ain't too polite Touch and play her to dance - naw, baby stop it Let the ride, down to do it to the top, as it's poppin See the door when it's lockin Jaws will drop, as they watchin Candy paint, changin +Huey's+ Call it +Pop, Lock, & Drop'n+S - get it, shawty? (PSSSSSH!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lloyd f/ Lil Wayne Album: Lessons in Love Song: Girls All Around Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com "All around the world, girls, all around the world This goes out to girls all around the world" - Slick Rick [Intro] I just want to be your man girl So uh, gotta make you understand girl [Verse One] It's the way you flip your hair And those stylish clothes you wear When you walk into the room All my partners stopped and stared at you But they just been the usual It's the tattoo on your back And that brand new Louie bag With them matchin' high heels I can't help this girls swag's the truth  And I just want to give her love, oh  Girl I can't get you off my mind You're like my favorite song (song) Just want to turn you on And work you all night long 'cause I oh I I just want to be your man  [Verse Two] Just to smell your perfume, got me goin out my head  See you comin' see you goin' Never met someone as bad as you Since you're my favorite girl, yeah I know just what you need, to make you look complete This platinum wedding ring, 'cause oh I got a thing for you I'm a take you around the world, oh baby [Verse Three: Lil Wayne] Ah ha ha, yeah OK I'm thinkin' of a master plan Nah, I'm lyin', shorty on my mind Shorty like a fryin', pan, and I ain't got Nothin' but sweat inside my hands So I dig into my pocket, all my money is spent But I don't need a cent, 'cause shorty priceless I tell it like this, I been (all around the world) So baby I can take you (all around the world) I roll up, this is a hold up It's young money man, shorty made me smile When ain't a damn thing funny Heh heh, but still don't nothin' move but the money So baby if I move then we move with the money Which is my favorite dish But if I taste you that'll probably switch And then we will probably switch Now I'm walking up the street, whistling this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lloyd f/ Lil Wayne Album: Southside Song: Trance Typed by: inaudible88@hotmail.com [Lloyd (Lil Wayne) Talking] (yea) Cash money (yea) Dawg child (yea) Wit ya man Lloyd (yea) Yea (yea) Yea (yea) Ok dawg child [Verse 1: Lloyd] I know its hot Cause my guru already laced it Aint no replacement Its hot up in the basement See this the south Comin crunker than your average Makes you wanna grab it Cause you gotta have it See Dawg Child will make it very spiced and Tasty You really cant help but to move your body crazy You feelin suntin and I know you jus cant help it And I know what you're relievin [Hook: Lloyd] Thats why You'll never ever meet anotha playa As fly Thats the one with the dubbs on slant Thats right So pretty mama please dont let your chance Pass by Cause shawty you jus dont know That I Have never ever met anotha girl That fine Starin so hard I didnt even see the Stop sign Hit the ground so hard made me Realize That you need to be wit me [Chorus: Lloyd] Once you get to know me You will put me Your in a trance baby Promise that you aint know no one like me That puts you in a trance like me You keep on wantin more and more to please me Your in a trance baby You wont stop thinkin what has come over me Your in a trance crazy Trance I'll put you in a trance I'll make you wanna dance I'll leave you in a trance Trance [Verse 2: Lloyd] Now I know that your used to somethin basic Somethin new Jus face it Thats how yo time is wasted And you should do whatever I do Baby I can show you How to make your dreams true And thats why I look dead into your eyes And see that you been searchin Cause your tired of hurtin So baby Wont you just come and roll wit me I got all that you need Put your trust in me [Hook: Lloyd] Thats why You'll never ever meet anotha playa As fly Thats the one with the dubbs on slant Thats right So pretty mama please dont let your chance Pass by Cause shawty you jus dont know That I Have never ever met anotha girl That fine Starin so hard I didnt even see the Stop sign Hit the ground so hard made me Realize That you need to be wit me [Chorus: Lloyd] Once you get to know me You will put me Your in a trance baby Promise that you aint know no one like me That puts you in a trance like me You keep on wantin more and more to please me Your in a trance baby You wont stop thinkin what has come over me Your in a trance crazy Trance I'll put you in a trance I'll make you wanna dance I'll leave you in a trance Trance [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] Now when I kick the gamme I get the dames up in a trance I'm in the Illarangers Lil Wayne Me and my man Lloyd Holla at cha boi boi Who mami wit She fell in love wit Weezy Snap outta it ? Erase her So I gotta replace her Its my roll to say that Gotta get 'em way back Way back Beacuse my backseat is Bigger then a room Wea you stay at I dont play dat Ima balla B [Hook: Lloyd] Thats why You'll never ever meet anotha playa As fly Thats the one with the dubbs on slant Thats right So pretty mama please dont let your chance Pass by Cause shawty you jus dont know That I Have never ever met anotha girl That fine Starin so hard I didnt even see the Stop sign Hit the ground so hard made me Realize That you need to be wit me [Chorus: Lloyd] Once you get to know me You will put me Your in a trance baby Promise that you aint know no one like me That puts you in a trance like me You keep on wantin more and more to please me Your in a trance baby You wont stop thinkin what has come over me Your in a trance crazy Trance I'll put you in a trance I'll make you wanna dance I'll leave you in a trance Trance The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lloyd f / Lil Wayne Album: Street Love Song: You Typed by: stillswish@yahoo.com [Lil Wayne] Right off the back ma the boy got dollars So women come freak one like flight mileage It ain't no secret I, I might holla But I ain't gonna sweat ya, baby I'ma let'cha Catch up with ya game, run faster Don't let him lose ya cause I ain't gon' bless ya Unless you're feelin a little desperate Send a nigga a text message girl [Lloyd]  Stop, wait a minute The way you move that girl, you done got my heart all in it And I just wanna be with you tonight Girl please, I'm a player that is true But I change the game for you I wanna see what it do [Bridge: Lloyd] Can I be for real, this is how I feel I'm in need of love, so let's dip up out of here Ooh you just my type, everythin so right And I just wanna chill, so let's dip up out of here Let's dip up out of here [Chorus: Lloyd] {*humming*} She's fine too, but I want you {*humming*} She's fine too, but I want you [Lloyd] I didn't mean it This just ain't no game, these just stay words, that I'm spittin If you can see the thoughts that's in my head  I'm a player that is true  But I change the game for you (I wanna see what it do) [Bridge] [Lil Wayne] Yeah, Weezy F Baby, the key to the ladies Keys to the 'cerdes but please say the baby Weed and patron, even in the A.M. We should be alone, we can get a day in You like what I'm sayin then come around the way and We can go inside and stay in Tell the homeboy you stayin, you've been taken Gone, turn me on and I'ma turn him DOWN You know I love you like cooked food You know you fuckin wit' a good dude You know you give good brain like you graduated from a good school You know I'm a good mood, you should do Me, so hey shorty what it is, the Carter who it is And shorty you I dig A party at my crib, that's a party in the hills You call it what you want, cause she can call it what she feel, OOW [Bridge] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ludacris f/ Lil Wayne Album: Theater of the Mind Song: Last of a Dying Breed Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Ludacris] (Aowwww!) Luda! I done killed so many niggaz in the booth I sell rappers on eBay (hey!) Cause every one of my verses been instant like replays (hey!) Speakers get blown like candles on yo' B-day (hey!) Cause Luda's catalog got mo' records than the DJ (woo!) The bank yells "MAYDAY" cause every day's a payday I put it on tape and then I'll sell it like Ray J But not out the sto' (nope) straight to the buyer Cause I slung 'em out my trunk like the D.C. sniper And six albums later you'll deposit every word 'Til your memory bank gives me the credit I deserve Top 5, damn right! But really it just hit me that three of yo' top 5's too scared to FUCK with me (woo!) So how can I advance if you don't give me no opponents? (yeah) How can you see the future if you livin for the moment? (yeah) Hip-Hop couldn't die, I never offer my condolence But I'll offer y'all a day of atonement - cause [Chorus One: Ludacris] {w/ scratches by DJ Jaycee} I'm a lyricist to the death, so I got what you need Ludacris, I'm the last of a dyin breed And we almost extinct, so I'm sayin it loud Say it with me {*"MC means move the crowd"  Rakim*} Say it with me {*"MC means move the crowd" - Rakim*} Say it with me! {*"MC means move the crowd" - Rakim*} {*scratches: "M-MC means move, means move... m-move... move the crowd"*} [Lil Wayne] I got it baby! And I'm an MC, I move the crowd like Moses Like the Red Sea I wear red like roses Go against me and you'll be dead like roses Spittin at your head full of bread like toasters Never had a holster, I keep it on my lap And hip-hop ain't dead, it just had a heart attack But you see I keep it pumpin, yeah I got that heart back So just call me Little Carter, or Little Cardiac Precious like an artifact, valuable like a quarterback Hannibal like they call me Jack, throwback like a Starter hat Now how did he thought of that? I mean how did he think of that? I mean how did I think of that? Now like a rental, bring it back I mean how did I think of that? I surprise myself sometimes Someone should throw me a surprise party for every rhyme Every time I do it, I do it dirty like swine For the dirty and fine, hip-hop, I'm alive! [Chorus Two: Lil Wayne, Ludacris] {w/ scratches by DJ Jaycee} [W] I'm a lyricist to the death and I got what you need [W] Weezy F, the last of a dyin breed [W] And we almost extinct, so I'm sayin it loud [L] Say it with me {*"MC means move the crowd"  Rakim*} [L] Say it with me {*"MC means move the crowd" - Rakim*} [L] Say it with me! {*"MC means move the crowd" - Rakim*} {*scratches: "M-MC means move, means move... m-move... move the crowd"*} [Ludacris] (Aowwwww!) They say O'Reilly don't like him (nope) Oprah won't invite him (nope) The president denounced him (yeah) no one will announce him (no!) Controversial lyrics like I'm cryin for help I'm very talented, but I should be ashamed of myself (woo!) But this is my art (art) this is my music (hey!) I'm speakin from the heart, hit record and I'll lose it! Bite my tongue for no one, I'll put you on blast (blast) So all the news channels, y'all could kiss my ass! And if I dish it I could take it, fix it if you break it Could hit rock bottom and I'm STILL gon' make it (why?) Cause I'm a born hustler, natural survivor Seed of a gangsta, I put that on my father YouTube or Google me, turn it up and play it (hey!) Cause many people think it, I just had the balls to say it (what?) And risk losin everything, I stand for the weak Plus I live for my freedom of speech - cause [Chorus One] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ludacris f/ Lil Wayne Album: Last of a Dying Breed 12" Song: Last of a Dying Breed (Original Version) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Ludacris] Luda! I done killed so many niggaz in the booth I sell rappers on eBay Soldiers couldn't cause more disaster on D-Day Haters better cover up they jaw like Freeway Cause every hit record's been instant like replays Hold the line, I got yo' momma on 3-way Tell her Luda's got mo' records than the DJ Tell her she should blow me like candles on yo' B-day Cause I've signed mo' lines than she's passed on the freeway Mo' checks than you ever could imagine Mo' wood up in my whip than in a forest full of cabins And yes I stay high on that purple like Aladdin And women say I talk mo' game than John Madden How'd it happen, how'd they let me in the booth? How they let these rappers lie, how DARE I tell the truth! I'm the truth, and these other boys phony It's a movie so act like you know me [Chorus One: Ludacris] {w/ scratches by DJ Jaycee} I'm a lyricist to the death, so I got what you need Ludacris, I'm the last of a dyin breed And we almost extinct, so I'm sayin it loud Say it with me {*"MC means move the crowd"  Rakim*} Say it with me {*"MC means move the crowd" - Rakim*} Say it with me! {*"MC means move the crowd" - Rakim*} {*scratches: "M-MC means move, means move... m-move... move the crowd"*} [Lil Wayne] I got it baby! And I'm an MC, I move the crowd like Moses Like the Red Sea I wear red like roses Go against me and you'll be dead like roses Spittin at your head full of bread like toasters Never had a holster, I keep it on my lap And hip-hop ain't dead, it just had a heart attack But you see I keep it pumpin, yeah I got that heart back So just call me Little Carter, or Little Cardiac Precious like an artifact, valuable like a quarterback Hannibal like they call me Jack, throwback like a Starter hat Now how did he thought of that? I mean how did he think of that? I mean how did I think of that? Now like a rental, bring it back I mean how did I think of that? I surprise myself sometimes Someone should throw me a surprise party for every rhyme Every time I do it, I do it dirty like swine For the dirty and fine, hip-hop, I'm alive! [Chorus Two: Lil Wayne, Ludacris] {w/ scratches by DJ Jaycee} [W] I'm a lyricist to the death and I got what you need [W] Weezy F, the last of a dyin breed [W] And we almost extinct, so I'm sayin it loud [L] Say it with me {*"MC means move the crowd"  Rakim*} [L] Say it with me {*"MC means move the crowd" - Rakim*} [L] Say it with me! {*"MC means move the crowd" - Rakim*} {*scratches: "M-MC means move, means move... m-move... move the crowd"*} [Ludacris] This is music muscle mania, my verse is on steroids Private planes, I'm on the Jet-son like Elroy Flyin through the sky at amazin speeds We on that Superman kush or that amazin weed The new Bentley came out, my team said "Luda, get it!" 20 thou' says that I'm the only nigga wit it! New Era on yo' brain like a A-town fitted And I'm not E-40 but I'm so +Sick Wid It+ that my flow got the flu, hoes I got a few But I'm stingy with the dough, I'm like "No not for you!" What the fuck was you thinkin, off what I'm thinkin Me and Wayne on that lean, what the FUCK was you drinkin? Stinkin like a dead body off in the woods So I snatched her like a weave comin off in the hood And if you down for no bad, then we up to no good And it's important that you make it understood [Chorus One] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mack 10 f/ B.G., Lil' Wayne Album: Bang or Ball Song: Let the Thugs in the Club Typed by: CaShMoNeYsTuRk33@aol.com {Lil' Wayne} Squed up, squed up, fuck that nigga at the do' Squed up, squed up, fuck that nigga at the back Squed up, squed up, fuck y'all {Lil' Wayne} Listen Now when we slide up in the club, we come in and do thangs About every car that you name, on twenty-two thangs We likely to have a few drinks, beat up a few lanes Spittin game at a cute thang, make her get a crew brain All the Heinekens in mo' if it ain't dro we don't want it Cut my song on homie, yeah, that squad shit we own it Droopy high come see the future, we livin for the moment Whole sucka on corners, the dance floor up pistols on it And everybody know you fuck up, we killin ya The whole club familia' with my familia Chicken heads Boriquas gon' follow where I go I ain't got nothing for them but a dick and a taco ? And everybody know right where the gat me when they dap ? put yo eyes right when you lap me And I ain't come to sign shit, unless it's a bar tappin I ain't takin no pictures unless I'm palm in ? Where the fuck y'all? {Chorus: Mack 10} Let the thugs in the club, show us love Show us love, let the thugs in the club Let the thugs in the club, show us love Show us love, let the thugs in the club {Mack 10} L.A. let the thugs in the club A-T-L let the thugs in the club Chi-town let the thugs in the club Let the thugs in the club, show us love {B.G.} I like shinin' but dogg I'm in love with thuggin I like clubbin but I get off when I'm beefin and bustin I got a Bentley, Beemeh', Benz, Lex  Got a bullet proof Hummer for just creepin on 'sess I got a roley, matter fact bout three or fou' Got a couple of neck pieces that I wear at the show Niggas know all the trouble that come with me Niggas know it ain't the bluffet that come from me Me and my click draw party every week at them crib For hustlers and convicts, they get it, how they live ? keep it real for the block and chill Yeah I'm happy and wha cuz I got a few mill' Don't thank I won't steal, wrap the K and kill Don't thank I won't say-uh a bird and crush the pills When it's time to bling, nigga I bling When it comes to do the damn thang, I do the damn thang! {Chorus: Mack 10} Let the thugs in the club, show us love Show us love, let the thugs in the club Let the thugs in the club, show us love Show us love, let the thugs in the club {Mack 10} Yo, yo Now it ain't no secret that I'm slangin and bangin And like a sack of dope rocks, my nuts be hangin It's Inglewood and Q.S., is the hood I'm claimin And I'm in already, so my colors is flamin It's for the project bitches who be backin it up And all the hardcore hustlers that be stackin it up And no matter where you from, represent yo city If you a ghetto get crunk, if you's a diddy get chicky Get yo walk on, rib-riders if you true blue Get yo bang on, and thow yo hood up, die move While I buy the whole bar cuz you no one know I got a spotter and a front and a rag top fo' I keep it ghetto, gutta, gangsta like a West Coast G The homies trust The Dopeman so we got in free Like a stampede rust through and or we sell Was let a stoo' bitch and get shot in the head Ba, ba, ba, ba! {Chorus: Mack 10} Let the thugs in the club, show us love Show us love, let the thugs in the club Miami let the thugs in the club New Orleans let the thugs in the club Texas let the thugs in the club Let the thugs in the club, show us love Milwauk let the thugs in the club The Bay let the thugs in the club New York let the thugs in the club Let the thugs in the club, show us love Carolina let the thugs in the club Ohio let the thugs in the club Tennessee let the thugs in the club Detroit let the thugs in the club St. Louis let the thugs in the club DC let the thugs in the club The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mack Maine f/ Lil Wayne, Talib Kweli Album: Celebrate (S) Song: Celebrate Typed by: Cedmaster3K [Intro: Lil Wayne] OOOWWW~!  Young Moolah baby (that's right) Happy music, happy people Happy people Everything is alright Everything is alright [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Pop a bottle and celebrate - we made it to a new day (yeah) Pop a bottle and celebrate - we done made it to a new day Ohh I, take a hit and just elevate - cause today will be a good day I got my mind right, money right, ready for war Workin' hard today for a better tomorrow [Talib Kweli] Hey! Chyeah, blow the horns on 'em The sun is out, it's a brand new day and it just dawned on 'em The smoke in here got 'em floating just like in salt water And break is fast, we gotta cook it just like a short order Dont feed dem hens when the birds covered in cheetah print A jungle out there and the jail is the zoo that keep us in Players in gators is crazy, we feel the need to rock 'em Furs coming in all different colors like PETA got 'em Killing yourself for a salary; look ya line flatter  than stomachs of the women that's running, watching them calories Hope that we linking, we smoking and drinking casually Cause life without living ain't nothing but a fallacy [Lil Wayne] Say, who's that peekin' in my window? Is that sunshine? Is that one time? Let that sun shine through my living room Hospitality is what I'm giving you Harsh reality is what I've been through But I'm not alone, ask her and him too And they shall tell ya, ain't nothin' better Than the smell of a new day (that's right) I know the ocean runs dry and the sky gets dark And ya don't see what He's trying to show ya And I know the wall may seem tall But if we help each other I guarantee we get over And once I'm over, I'll reach back for my brother And pull him over as well Keep our heads high and our noses wide open Hopin' for that new day smell - love live life [Mack Maine] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yea homie, I been waiting since I was 16 To tell 'em what I'm 'bout to tell 'em so I need more than a 16 See I'm the only son of Mary and Joe So I gotta fulfill my purpose 'fore I'm buried, ya know My momma say she having visions of me being a missionary And the hood looking at me as a walking visionary So I sit back and wonder will I ever have my time to shine And die like Pac in his prime Or will I go out like Len Bias and OD before the tryouts No tell the reaper no buyout I'm good, I pray for a head to protect ya And I gotta walk the streets with the heat as my protection Still gotta watch my back, still watch my front home Cause I seen a lot of niggas die with they gun on So with that in mind, I just get higher And pray to the higher Messiah, I'm no liar And they say that puffing the fire fucks with your memory But I got a lot of stuff that I don't wan' remember see Like when my homie ivin died I like how I never seen a man cry 'til I seen Lance died Never seen my pops cry 'til I seen my Grams died And I'm here to tell him that I miss my Grams too And I wish I could hug her for mothers day too And I feel the same way that you do But we gotta still move on so she can just smile down on us And I don't want the Lord to ever frown down on us I know that they really got power in a gun But I also know that they got power in a tongue So every time I speak, look I try to speak life Y'all tweaking for broads, I tweak life They said I was s'posed to die as a fetus My momma said I bind that Devil in the name of Jesus So now I'm here just to talk to y'all Come and stroll with me homie, let me walk wit' y'all Ten million ways to die so I chose To get my life right by the end of the road 'Fore my body in a casket and I'm stiff and froze 'Fore I'm laying in a morgue with a tag on my toes I'm here to tell you take heed to the warnings School shootings, hurricanes, and global warming Open ya Bibles up with no hesitation BC was the Genesis, this is Revelations So you better pick your destination Tomorrow ain't promised, better pick your destination Rest in peace B Spencer, rest in peace Pimp C Shit could be worse so I'm feeling like Weezy I wake up in the morning, take a piss, and wash my hands Take a knee and thank the Man and leave my life in God's hands, yea! [Lil Wayne] Young Moolah Baby! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mac Miller f/ Lil Wayne Album: Macadelic (Mixtape) Song: The Question Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] Sometimes I wonder who the fuck I am Wonder who the fuck I am Uhh, Yeah, want you to feel it My voice probably sounds mad raspy right now I want you all to feel it So step up on the mic and uhh Show them what you got tiger [Verse 1: Mac Miller] Sometimes I wonder who the fuck I am So I've been lookin' in the mirror and it still don't make no sense I'm askin' what am I supposed to do? I've done so much in my short lifetime, but I haven't done shit I done flew around the whole world First I shook a million hands and I took a million pictures But I'm a hostage in my own world And my thoughts my own enemy, got no time for these bitches I got too much on my damn mind So if I add some more stress, I just don't see how I'ma cope I think they underestimate the grind I do, bring this doe, and I'm only 20 years old I wonder why I sip this devil juice Cause it feel incredible, problems, I got several Thank God that none of that medical Ugh, I've been blessed with much to be expected What am I doing here I wonder what am I doing here What am I doing here What am I doing here [Verse 2: Mac Miller] I hope this feelin' lasts for fuckin' ever I don't want to come back down, let me stay above the ground I hope I do what I was meant to do Cause I've been searching for that answer, I just hope I get it now Please, let me find euphoria When you up above the clouds, like, who gonna touch me now And do we ever get to know the truth Cause everyone seems to have it, but to me it seems they lack it Now I'm rolling and I'm sipping lean Sometimes I catch a buzz just to help me picture love Drinking liquor and I'm smoking weed And you don't ever do too much if you could never do enough Wonder why I scream and stare at you I'll be there to rescue you, problems you got several Thank God that none of that medical Ugh, I've been blessed with much to be expected What am I doing here I wonder what am I doing here What am I doing here What am I doing here [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] Sittin' in my Bentley, thinkin' bout these hoes All I do is kill them, I kill them like Nicole Simpson, flag crimson, smoke them like Winstons I just bought a new chopper, I treat it like an infant I'm lightin' up a stogie, It's longer than a hoagie Situation's gettin' fishy and I don't eat anchovies Fuck the world, Kill them all, she answer when I call If the cops pull us over, she gon' hide it in her drawers See I come from a place where stars never shine And drama is accepted, credit cards are declined Everybody gotta die, but I ain't everybody If that ho play with me, I whoop that chick like Terrence Howard I'm a pimp, I ain't lyin', but that is not important I'm just tryna to buy time, but can't really afford it Saying ain't that a bitch, but I hope that bitch is bad I feel like money in the trash like What am I doing here I wonder what am I doing here What am I doing here What am I doing here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madonna f/ Lil Wayne  Album: Celebration  Song: Revolver  Typed by: e-squared817@comcast.net  [Intro - Madonna]  My love's a revolver  My love's a revolver  [Verse 1 - Madonna]  Oops I guess I shot ya  My finger's on the trigger  I had a bullet with your name on it  Click click  I'm a sex pistol  My love should be illegal  Real deal baby  I'm no counterfeit  Click click  [Hook - Madonna]  Line 'em up  Knock 'em down  If looks can kill  Ay oh ay oh  My body's fully loaded  And I got more ammo  Line 'em up  Knock 'em down  If looks can kill  Ay oh ay oh  You're an accessory to murder cause  [Chorus - Madonna]  My love's a revolver  My sex is a killer  Do you wanna die happy?  Do you wanna die happy?  My love's a revolver  My sex is a killer  Do you wanna die happy?  Do you wanna die happy?  I let it bang bang  [Verse 2 - Madonna]  You've been hit by a smooth criminal  A bad girl I gotcha crying to your mama  Saying I can't believe it  I've seen your type  Bring a knife into a gun fight  Caught up in the law right  I think I'm in love right  [Hook - Madonna]  Line 'em up  Knock 'em down  If looks can kill  Ay oh ay oh  If body's fully loaded  And I got more ammo  Line 'em up  Knock 'em down  If looks can kill  Ay oh ay oh  You're an accessory to murder cause  [Chorus - Madonna]  My love's a revolver  My sex is a killer  Do you wanna die happy?  Do you wanna die happy?  My love's a revolver  My sex is a killer  Do you wanna die happy?  Do you wanna die happy?  I let it bang bang  [Verse 3 - Madonna]  I shoot 'em bang bang  I shoot 'em bang bang  Mirror mirror on the wall  Who's the baddest of them all?  I shoot 'em bang bang  I shoot 'em bang bang  I line them up and watch them fall  [Verse 4 - Lil Wayne]  Bang  The shooter name is Wayne  The victim didn't complain  She just screamed 'shoot again'  I gave her extra rounds  My barrel twist around  I am Mr. Shoot 'Em Down  I leave hearts on the ground  My love is a weapon  And yes I use it well  Then I let the rose petals  Cover up the bullet shell  I never shoot and tell  I only shoot to kill  And that vest ain't gonna help ya  Even if it's made of steel  [Chorus - Madonna & Lil Wayne]  My love's a revolver  My sex is a killer  Do you wanna die happy?  Do you wanna die happy?  My love's a revolver  My sex is a killer  Do you wanna die happy?  Do you wanna die happy?  My love's a revolver  My sex is a killer  Do you wanna die happy?  Do you wanna die happy?  My love's a revolver  My sex is a killer  Do you wanna die happy?  Do you wanna die happy?  I let it bang bang  I shoot 'em bang bang  I shoot 'em bang bang  I line up and watch them fall  I shoot 'em bang bang  I shoot 'em bang bang  I line up and watch them fall  [Outro - Lil Wayne]  Do you wanna die happy?  Do you wanna die happy? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mannie Fresh f/ Lil Wayne Album: The Mind of Mannie Fresh Song: Wayne's Takeover 1 Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne] Shh...Say Fabe...Say Fabe Look, Fresh done went to the bathroom This your boy Weezy baby Ya already know He ain't want me rappin on his album Cause I be talkin bout that gun slangin, that murderin Them bitches, bitches havin kids, bitches fuckin bitches Bitches fuckin other bitches' bitches and the other bitch getting mad and stab that bitch in the club and he gotta drag that bitch out Look, he ain't want none on that on his album He wanna write about lovin and huggin people And Hey lady you look so fine And I mean...you know what I'm saying I ain't trying to downgrade nobody, nah nuttin like that But this nigga need some spittin on here So I can come on this motherfucker and flame it out So somebody could cut this motherfucker on He comin?, Cut my shit on Yeah uhh..Yeah uhh Weezy F-Baby Fresh, uhh tell him call me when its gangsta Yeah, Birdman Jr Fresh yeah, call me when its gangsta man Yeah [Lil Wayne] I'm on fire, Shorty so raw I just may be Columbian so I'm higher Washed up niggaz, I will tumble ya, double-dry ya I bubble gum and spit jumbalya I'm fresh up out the kitchen with that Richard Pryor Yeah I keep your stomach rumble quiet Holla, Prior to me getting money, I was gettin money See, everytime I hit the pen, I bungee like a spungee I ain't playin like Tony Dungy Sayin all ya'll is lunchmeat to the hungry Better watch your pot roast when I'm on me, I'm nothing nice like something like running through blazing pistols with a fucking knife I'm fresh to death, I need a fucking life She say her man wrong, so she gonna suck me right I'm like fucking right, I got my two-shooter, that mean I'm fucking twice [Lil Wayne] Bang Bang Whoo..it was hard Look at our journey But I got here, I made it on the album people It's Weezy Thank you Fresh [Mannie Fresh] Look, Wayne I told you brah No merkin, No murderin No bitches stabbin bitches No bulletwounds None of that kinda shit No fuckin body with over 12 tattoos and all that shit on this motherfuckin album This is some beautiful wholesome loving kind type stuff If you can't go by them rules, get the fuck on dude Now Fabe, play something beautiful for the ladies The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mannie Fresh f/ Lil Wayne Album: The Mind of Mannie Fresh Song: Wayne's Takeover 2 Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne] Alright that nigga gone, man fuck that nigga, man fuck that Fabe, go through all this nigga's Pro Tools First beat you pick, I'm slaughterin this niggaz shit Cause B done already called me and told me Man go to that studio, Fuck what Fresh doin Tell Fresh let you get on that shit and kill that shit Fresh told me no, I can't go back to B til B knows so Fabe Pick a song and I'm going off, lets do it Oh yeah, Lock the doors to the booth man Don't let Mannie in man, bout to kill this nigga's album Ya understand me? Birdman Jr Weezy F-Baby Please say Baby 1 7 Holygrove Gangus street Cash Money Records Get down and lay down Lie down and die down Bitch nigga I thought you knew Rapper with guns [Lil Wayne] Get me that piffy, I'm higher than my attire I float like I spit through the fryer I-uh sniffin cocaine is some fire I-uh get to buy money out the dryer Ridah in the five buggy, slim tires Tryin to find a try to light Jeremaih They call me Weezy F-Baby Women wanna suck all on my pacifier and if she tell ya she didn't, homie thats a liar You see me passin by ya, More like flashin Lights, Camera but I'm more like Action So get your back into it, Stop acting Cause we bring pistons to the balls Cool cat, wind breezin through my whiskers Hurry, speed up, hater you just missed us I just twisted something Birdman Jr. swoop down on ya bitch like whats up with cha Walk to me, that's real We on that Shrek, I met her neck like let's chill When we ridin in my SL, she give me more tongue, less grill My yellow diamonds give you spit nigga bitch yield And that tooley gets saluted or I'll shoot it Yeah I kidnap the boss, make the click squeal Got you out of position like Sheffield in left field Call me when its gangsta nigga [Mannie Fres] Yo...what the fuck is goin on over there Ya'll think I don't know what the fuck goin on, I got ears all over Dude I know you on my album cursin Talkin bout cuttin bitches and killin motherfuckers and murkin motherfuckers I don't want that dude right now I'm out here with full bar bitches I got a spanish bitch, a chinese bitch A vietnamese, what are you baby, whatever the fuck she is and this other bitch and we doin like this five-some thing and whatever and y'all over there talking bout killing motherfuckers Wayne, what is your mamas number dude I'm gonna call your mama and tell her whats goin on with you Dude you never used to curse brah Now you just all fucked up with this shit I'm pissed off dude, I'm really pissed off wit you brah I told you my album is about loving, huggin, holding hands, fuckin, and all that kinda shit No, no thats it, I don't want you anymore on my album dude I just got you for a chorus and we over with Now lets finish the album The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mannie Fresh f/ Lil Wayne Album: The Mind of Mannie Fresh Song: We Fresh Typed by: Skittle9023@yahoo.com Yeah Yeah woo (Verse 1) Call me Mannie the great fresh is how I stay New Orleans the city 7th ward the place Got a gang of money and a bunch of women They rubbing on my belly cause I'm country pimp Now every time I drive its hella bright inside That's that hi-defintion tv light inside And every time I ride nina under the seat I don't want no trouble and trouble don't want me I can walk the streets with my adidas on Just a chubby ass nigga wife beater on Pimp the gangsta kangol lean it to the right And your girl like an addict cause she really want the pipe And I like to drink she prefer to puck And she like to have sex I prefer to fuck And I'm a tell you once I aint gone tell you again I'm just lookin for some pussy that I can fall in cause (Chorus: Lil Wayne) Dude fell off, Then you fell off, Then he fell off, and then the weak fell off But Wayne's well off and Mannie's well off and the Family's well off Ay we Cash Money We stay fre fresh err Fresh Every day we fre fresh err Fresh In every way we fre fresh err Fresh We so heavy we fresh we so err Fresh (Verse 2) I'm in that new SS with the chrome pipes Or the Hauly truck you know towing the bikes And dont stare at me wrong if you know I'm right I'm like fuck a player hater and your ho I might Wanna take me to war I call G.I. Joe While G.I. Jane still giving me brain I dont ever complain I'm to cool for that Got the Polo Sport Edition wth the shoes to match I got the blue to black got the white, the red Got the parachute pants with the pockets big I dont half step, I dont half ass I want half check and half cash When it comes to the tracks I'm a bad man So if the rap dont sell I still got my hands Got your girl in the club tyring to do my dance While I whisper in her ear could you do my mans when (Chorus: Lil Wayne) Dude fell off, Then you fell off, Then he fell off, and then the weak fell off But Wayne's well off and Mannie's well off and the Family's well off Ay we Cash Money We stay fre fresh err Fresh Every day we fre fresh err Fresh In every way we fre fresh err Fresh We so heavy we fresh we so err Fresh (Verse 3) I represent the S like I've been doing so long Now every hood in America know all my songs Call me super producer a loveable lovely I call her when you gone cause I like how she rub me I shoot straight over play times over Cobra all in your waistline told ya Keep it gangsta, keep it real Sittin low in a coupe yeah coupe deville I'm a baller baby that baby ballin I dont mean to brag but I'm straight regardless All white chevy gravy guts With the stashbox pimpin yeah custom deluxe Shorty let your hair out convertible air out I got the same wheel in my 5th wheel spare mount Mannie Fresh my truck expands And I'm a downtown nigga with my nuts in my hand cause (Chorus:lil' Wayne) Dude fell off, Then you fell off, Then he fell off, and then the weak fell off But Wayne's well off and Mannie's well off and the Family's well off Ay we Cash Money We stay fre fresh err Fresh Every day we fre fresh err Fresh In every way we fre fresh err Fresh We so heavy we fresh we so err Fresh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mike Jones f/ Lil Wayne, T-Pain, Twista Album: The Voice Song: Cuddy Buddy Typed by: no1wammy@hotmail.com [Jim Jonsin] + {T-Pain in background} Ha ha ha (Yeah) Yo It's Bigg D., Jim Jonsin collabo Oh yeah It's another one (It's another one) Mike Jones {Oh, oh} [Chorus: T-Pain] You can be my cuddy, cuddy, buddy, fo' sho (You can ride with me) Girl, don't act like you don't already know (Act like you don't see) We can get it on the bed or the floor (Don't matter to me, girl) I wanna take you to H-Town Repeat Chorus [Verse 1: Mike Jones] + (T-Pain) Girl, if you need this here Call me, don't have no fear I wanna (Love you down, la, la, love you down) Late night's a lovey-dovey Some wanted to love, to love me She's somethin' like a friend Call her my cuddy buddy Even though she got a man (Oh) She already know the plan (Oh) She already know the deal So what the business here Even though she (Got a man) She already (Know the plan) She already know the deal Know the deal, know the deal Even though I'm chubby, chubby Your chick, she love me, she love me She might be with you now But she still thinkin' of me Y'all out there making love Our cuddy make 'em love me In the back of the 'Llac, buddy Just like (Oh) That (Oh) Repeat Chorus [Verse 2: Lil Wayne] + {T-Pain in background} See, I can't be her man {No} And she can't be my girl {No} But we do it like it's the end of the world You dig We have relations like I'm kin to the girl I make her holla like when momma brought her into the world Look, I'll let him buy you dinner tonight Then at the end of the night You be my dinner tonight Ha You see, he dark, he always dim in his light And that girl, wanna shine, I bring her into the light Voila I become her Allah And I swear that thang feel like la, la, la And since he feed her lies (What you do) I be her dessert on the side {Oh, oh} Yeah Repeat Chorus (Verse 3) [Twista] How you do your lips like that    Move your hips like that    Work your ass like that (Like that)    Why you make noise like that    Move slow like that    Fuck fast like that (Like that)    Baby, I ain't gon' lie to you (Yeah)    We so sexually compatible (Yeah)    How I thrill myself, like I kill myself    When I feel myself inside of you (Yeah)    You can be my cuddy buddy, nibble on my Nutty Buddy    While we do some freaky things with the lights on    Touchin' on you while I'm listenin' to T-Pain (Whoa, oh)    Huggin' on you while I'm listenin' to Mike Jones (Whoa, oh)    Do it soon as we got in the sack    Or I could hit it in the back of the 'Llac    Off a fifth of the yak    Like (Like)    Like (Like)    That [Mike] It's the middle of the night, y'all got into a fight    Now you mad with your feelings hurt    Girl, let me Buy U A Drank, please tell me what you thank    Right before I get up in them skirts [T-Pain] Skeet, skeet [Mike] I pull up in a 'Llac truck [T-Pain] Beep, beep [Mike] My mean shawty back up [T-Pain] Beep me [Mike] If your man act up, he poor time, girl, I'll be the backup [Hook: Mike Jones] Cause I'm your cuddy buddy Cut-cut-cut-cuddy buddy Soon as he fall asleep She on her way to love me Repeat Hook [Outro: Mike Jones] + (T-Pain) Cause she know that I (Got that wood) And she know that my (Sex is good) We can do it on the bed or the floor (Girl) Cause you know that I keep it hood And she know that I (Got that wood) And she know that my (Sex is good) We can do it on the bed or the floor, let me know Repeat Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mike Jones f/ Trey Songz, Twista, Lil' Wayne Album: Voice Of The Streets Song: Cutty Buddy (Alternate Version) * Typed by: no1wammy@hotmail.com * originally performed by Trillville [Mike Jones] Ice Age [Trey Songz] Oh Oh Chorus: Trey Songz You can be my cutty, cutty, buddy, fo' sho (You can ride with me) Girl, don't act like you don't already know (Act like you don't see) We can get it on the bed or the floor (Don't matter to me, girl) I wanna take you to H-Town Repeat Chorus [Verse 1: Mike Jones (Trey Songz)] Girl, if you need this here Call me, don't have no fear I wanna (Love you down, la, la, love you down) Late night's a lovey-dovey Some wanted to love, to love me She's somethin' like a friend Call her my cutty buddy Even though she got a man (Oh) She already know the plan (Oh) She already know the deal So what the business here Even though she (Got a man) She already (Know the plan) She already know the deal Know the deal, know the deal Even though I'm chubby, chubby (Chubby) Your chick, she love me, she love me (Love me) She might be with you now But she still thinkin' of me Y'all out there making love (Love) Our cutty make 'em love me In the back of the 'Llac, buddy Just like (Oh) That (Oh) Repeat Chorus Twice (Verse 2) (Trey Songz in background) [Twista] How you do your lips like that    Move your hips like that    Work your ass like that (Like that)    Why you make noise like that    Move slow like that    Fuck fast like that (Like that)    Baby, I ain't gon' lie to you (Yeah)    We so sexually compatible (Yeah)    How I thrill myself, like I kill myself    When I feel myself inside of you (Yeah)    You can be my cutty buddy, nibble on my Nutty Buddy    While we do some freaky things with the lights on    Touchin' on you while I'm listenin' to T-Pain (Whoa, oh)    Huggin' on you while I'm listenin' to Mike Jones (Whoa, oh)    Do it soon as we got in the sack    Or I could hit it in the 'Llac    Off a fifth of the yak    Like (Like)    Like (Like)    That (That) [Mike] It's the middle of the night    Y'all got into a fight    Now you mad with your feelings hurt    Girl, let me Buy U A Drank    Please tell me what you thank    Right before I get up in them skirts [Trey] Skeet, skeet [Mike] I pull up in a 'Llac truck [Trey] Beep, beep [Mike] My mean shawty back up [Trey] Beep me [Mike] If your man act up, he poor time, girl, I'll be the backup Hook: Mike Jones Cause I'm your cutty buddy Cut-cut-cut-cutty buddy Soon as he fall asleep She on her way to love me Repeat Hook Pre-Chorus: Mike Jones (Trey Songz) Cause she know that I (Got that wood) And she know that my (Sex is good) We can do it on the bed or the floor (Girl) Cause you know that I keep it hood And she know that I (Got that wood) And she know that my (Sex is good) We can do it on the bed or the floor, let me know Repeat Chorus Twice [Verse 3: Lil' Wayne {Trey Songz}] See, I can't be her man {Man} And she can't be my girl {Girl} But we do it like it's the end of the world You dig We have relations like I'm kin to the girl I make her holla like when momma brought her into the world Look, I don't let him buy you dinner tonight {Yeah} Then at the end of the night {Yeah} You be my dinner tonight {Dinner tonight} Ha You see, he dark, he always dim in his light And that girl, wanna shine, I bring her into the light Voila I become her Allah And I swear that thang feel like la, la, la {La-la-la, la} And since he feed her lies (What you do) I be her dessert on the side {Oh, oh} Yeah Repeat Chorus Twice The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mike Jones f/ Lil Wayne, Trey Songz, Twista Album: Cuddy Buddy 12" Song: Cuddy Buddy Typed by: Theda dot Com [Intro: Ice Age] Chorus: You can be my Cuddy cuddy Buddy for sure You can ride with me, girl don't act you don't already know me We get in the bed or the floor girl, I wanna take you to H-Town You can be my Cuddy cuddy Buddy for sure You can ride with me, girl don't act you don't already know me We get in the bed or the floor girl; I wanna take you to H-Town [1st Verse: Mike Jones] Girl if you need this here, call me don't have no fear I wanna love you down Late nights of lovey dovey Someone that will love to love me, she's something like a friend Call her my Cuddy Buddy, even thou she got a man She already know the plan, she already know the deal so what the business is Even thou she got a man She already know the plan, she already know the deal know the deal Even thou I am chubby chubby, your chick love me love me She might be with you now, but she still thinking of me Y'all out there making love, I cut and make them love me In the back of the Lac, it's just like dame [Twista] I like when you do your lips that, move your hips like that Move your ass like that, why you make noise like that Move slow like that, fuck fast like that Baby I ain't gonna lie to you like that, we both sexually compatible When I am next to you, I can kill myself when I feel myself inside of you You can be my Cuddy Buddy, my nutty buddy while do some freaky things with the lights on Touching on you while we listen to T-Pain, hugging on you while I am listening to Mike Jones As soon as we get in the sack, I can hit in the back of the lack of the fifth you the yach Like yeah [2nd Verse] It's the middle of the night, y'all got into a fight Now you there with your feeling hurt, let me buy you a drink please tell me what you think before I get in those skirts Skeet skeet I pull up in the Lac truck, beep beep police tell me back up Beep beep if your man act up he for tie I will be the back up Cause I am your Cuddy Buddy cccccuddy Buddy Soon as he fall asleep, she on her way to love me Cause she know that I pack that wood, and she know that my sex good We can do it on the bed or on the floor, cause you know that I keep it hood And she know that I pack that wood, she no that my sex is good And she knows that I pack that wood, we can do it on the bed or the floor let me know [Lil Wayne] I can be her man she can be my girl When we do it's like the end of the world ya dig We have relations like I am kind to the girl I am make her holla like when mama brought her into the world Look I am gonna let him buy you dinner tonight then at the end of the night your be my dinner tonight You see he dark, he's always diming his lights and that girl wanna shine I am gonna bring her into the light I become her Allah, and I swear that thing feel like lah lah lah lol Since he feed her lies, I will be her desert on the side The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mil f/ Beanie Sigel, B.G., Lil Wayne Album: Ride Out 12" Song: Ride Out Typed by: IcebergRep757@cs.com [Hook] Hot Boys and you know how we ride out Philly Boys and you know how we ride out Hot Boys, Philly Boys bout to squad out, ride out Crash niggas hide outs (Lil Wayne) Guerilla Warfare nigga what ain't no beef  Here come them boys masked up bout to flame yo street (B.G.) You heard that it game now look we H-O-T We ride in wars if we beef then we playin for keeps (Lil Wayne) What you ain't found out bout us  Cash Money Millionaires slash night riders (B.G.) We keep it real wit each other, we don't fuck wit outsiders Nigga if you run up on me you'll catch 50 out a chopper (Lil Wayne) Now BLUCKA!, let em burn Dump him off in a lake and have his family concerned Then run all in his house and take his money and his children (B.G.) Wodie my click balled up, do or die niggas  Disagree wit us is straight suicide nigga (Lil Wayne) It's a suicide, it's a suicide Nigga act like they don't know about you and I (B.G.) Who am I? (Lil Wayne) Tha BG (B.G.) Who are you? (Lil Wayne) Lil Wheezy (B.G.) Who we be? (Lil Wayne) Tha HB'z (B.G.) Where we from? (Lil Wayne) U.P.T. (Murda Mil) These niggas neva thought they'd me tha ones that Mil'd shake down Get a few crack spots and sell that bitch straight down But when you ree up you to cut yo cake now And when you see murder you know you got to break down Y'all bitch niggas thinkin life is a cut Now you stuck watchin niggas fuck yo wife in tha butt You was tha main thug up in tha club Now you tha same thug suckin tha snub Gettin back ties in yo tub I kick murder every two bars Pack two tars, when I cock I need two cars Cause I stuff a trunk like a turkey Keep a vest on that deuce deuce ain't gone hurt me When I get tha drop I'll pop while y'all sprayin wit tha calico Box full of bald heads, got y'all scared Then hit tha block for Y'all bread  Cause when y'all post up i'm leavin y'all dead Leavin y'all dead (Beanie Sigel) You know Mac that Philly cat wit tha official flow Tha pistol will blow, especially if yo wrist on glow Rocks in tha watch lookin like a disco show Grab tha tool-a and put it to tha back of yo madol-a Beanie Sigel dessert eagle quick to pop off ten I only carry guns that knock off limbs Give out (?) bags, lay on tha deck when I spray up yo set Who you escapin tha Tec without trace in they neck I know some dealers who be supplyin tha packs I'ma guerilla but you can catch me where the lions be at It ain't shit for me to ride out and tie up a few cats Make them show me where they hide out and their valuables at You can catch me in tha kitchen bout to break up somethin Large block, coffee pot bout to bake up somethin When I'm broke you can catch me about to shake up somethin Wit that coke for a pound that'll wake up somethin [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mya f/ Lil' Wayne Album: Liberation Song: Lock U Down Typed by: myamya.com, no1wammy@hotmail.com [Lil' Wayne] Yeah (Uh huh) Hah Yes sir What it is See This right here's automatic, man Understand that See what you know about Scott Storch, got torch And Weezy F, got fire Yes And we bringin' back Miss Mya Get 'em [Mya] (Verse 1) If I had a Dollar for all of the times I thought I found the right one I'd be a Billionaire, then I could probably ride out And go and buy the right one I wouldn't mind A dude that could take my attitude And take the time to listen Someone that understands When I need a little space And when I need attention What I'm looking for is Hook: Mya Somebody With direction Somebody With affection That knows how to put it on me That's what I need Somebody Who could read me Check me When I need to be Pick me up when I'm fallin' That's what I need Chorus: Mya So when I find you I'll never let you get away Never let you slip away I'ma lock you down, lock you down And when I see you I'll never look the other away Never let you slip away I'ma lock you down, lock you down (Verse 2) I been around The world a couple times And I swear it never ceases to Amaze me (Ceases to amaze me) How many different Guys gives the same tired lines Tryin' to amaze me You guys gon' take A lot to put a smile on my face So I'm not hot maintenance You just gotta be Honest from the top And your heart's gotta be Dedicated So what I'm lookin' for is Repeat Hook [Rap Verse: Lil' Wayne] I hope she throw away the key, too Got me tied up like a three piece suit Uh Mya's back Got a sweet tooth Miss Caramel, I need three scoops I can see you In your beach suit Walking 'round my beach view Three bedroom Penthouse see-through Just windows Rich ass nymphos Baby girl I can tell you where you need to go Where you ought to be On the charter, comin' to Young Carter You need direction, I can take you further You need affection, I can crush you harder You need protection Protection? Sweetheart, I'm fresh off selection And if you checkin', I won't be far I'll be right on your radar Bridge: Mya Like an anchor in the water I'd have my priorities in order That means you'd be the only One love in my life I would vow to never leave ya Rub your back, boy, do anything to please ya All you gotta do is come around And I'ma lock you down Repeat Chorus Twice [Mya] All the way down When I see you I'll put a padlock on you, baby No if's and but's or maybe's All the way down That's what I'll be for you I could vow to stay, your lady Maybe one day, have a baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mya f/ Lil Wayne Album: Lock U Down 12" Song: Lock U Down (Original Version) Typed by: myamya.com, no1wammy@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne] Yeah (Uh huh) Hah Yes sir What it is See This right here's automatic, man Understand that See what you know about Scott Storch, got torch And Weezy F, got fire Yes And we bringin' back Miss Mya Get 'em [Main Verse: Mya] If I had a Dollar for all of the times I thought I found the right one I'd be a Billionaire, then I could probably ride out And go and buy the right one I wouldn't mind A dude that could take my attitude And take the time to listen Someone that understands When I need a little space And when I need attention What I'm looking for is Hook: Mya Somebody With direction Somebody With affection That knows how to put it on me That's what I need Somebody Who could read me Check me When I need to be Pick me up when I'm fallin' That's what I need Chorus: Mya So when I find you I'll never let you get away Never let you slip away I'm a lock you down, lock you down And when I see you I'll never look the other away Never let you slip away I'm a lock you down, lock you down [Rap Verse: Lil Wayne] I hope she throw away the key, too Got me tied up like a three piece suit Uh Mya's back Got a sweet tooth Miss Caramel, I need three scoops I can see you In your beach suit Walking 'round my beach view Three bedroom Penthouse see-through Just windows Rich ass nymphos Baby girl I can tell you where you need to go Where you ought to be On the charter, comin' to Young Carter You need direction, I can take you further You need affection, I can crush you harder You need protection Protection? Sweetheart, I'm fresh off selection And if you checkin', I won't be far I'll be right on your radar Repeat Chorus Bridge: Mya Like an anchor in the water I'd have my priorities in order That means you'd be the only One love in my life I would vow to never leave ya Rub your back, boy, do anything to please ya All you gotta do is come around And I'm a lock you down Repeat Chorus Twice [Mya] All the way down When I see you I'll put a padlock on you, baby No if's and but's or maybe's All the way down That's what I'll be for you I could vow to stay, your lady Maybe one day, have a baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murphy Lee f/ Nelly, Roscoe, Cardan, Lil' Jon & Lil' Wayne Album: Murphy's Law Song: This Goes Out Typed by: blkachuba@msn.com [Nelly] Uh, Yeah Ohh-Ohh What we have herre? Uh, Yeah Ooohh Uh, Yeah Ooohh [Hook 1: Nelly] This goes out to my Midwest crew Now hold ya M-Dub in the airr if ya feel me Fuck em all day, fuck em all night Candy paint on d's and fo's [Verse 1: Murphy Lee] Yo, Ayyo I eat, sleep, shit, rap Hip-Hop, kid and nap Snoop Dogg 'Lac wit the diamond in the back I rep it like a mayor mayn Summin like a playa mayn St. Louis cookin' and I'm Murphy Lee the killer mayn Hunt someone and lick em, make em salaam Praise the Lord or say peace to God I'm just a Skool Boy, call me Mr. Do-What-You-Do-Fool Claim where you from or we will claim where you move to Home is where you make it, eat a meal and get naked You could, walk in yo drawers and nobody could say shit I got STL tatted on my right arm, some of em saw em I aint dyin' but yo I'm definitely fight for em And keep it tight for em, and keep it hype for em And buy at the bar whatever gon keep the night goin Do what you do and you do it, just do it big And if you live to get it then you gon get it how you live cuz.. [Hook 2: Nelly] This goes out to my West Coast crew Now hold ya Dub up in the airr if ya feel me Fuck em all day, fuck em all night Hit the switch on yo six fo's [Verse 2: Roscoe] Naps, rock, skit West Coast style t-shirt, khaki lack Swerve in the Cadillac Young Roscoe, the black Burt Bacharach serve the sacks, flippin skirts like acrobats And I dip wit you nigga, I take you on a ride Through that place known worldwide It's the Westside.. Chronic, Daytons, switches, dubs Cap turned to the back wit skirts at the Caddy shack Los Angeles where they sag to the mud Drop the back let it drag, du rags full of thugs Ya hard to the back, car full of "blat" Why A's decay, we way hard ok? I rock a 5 double O wit the bubble nose Stop, drop the top I holla at a couple hoes Fo sho they wanna roll wit the Philly fanatic Runnin' the radio in Cali cuz I stay in the traffic [Hook 3: Nelly] This goes out to my East Coast crew Now hold ya E's up in the airr if ya feel me Fuck em all day, fuck em all night Rock ya hoodies and Timbo's [Verse 3: Cardan] Yo, Yo, step in the party like.. Sippin' on Bacardi like.. I hooked up wit the 'Tics they like... It's gettin' frisky for me Girls, they strippin for me Lil' Jon you wit us homey? (Okay) I gettin brain and, pimpin' I cant complainin' It's crazy I can't explain it, it's the Derrty Entertainment Man, I like to stop and go, she like to mop and glow Lovin' this track cuz we gonna rock and roll I huff and puff until my indo's gone So I, get to stompin' wit my Timbo's on We might be floppin' homey, we all critic Welcome to Harlem World A.K. New York City We forever runnin' round, here forever creepin' Up all night cuz homey we aint never sleepin' I came to do this wit my derrty Murphy Y'all niggas betta obey, cuz you can get it.. (Okay) [Hook 4: Nelly] This goes out to my Dirty South crew Now hold ya S up in the airr if ya feel me Fuck em all day, fuck em all night If ya tempted to throw them bows [Bridge: Lil' Jon] Get yo hands up bitch Throw you goddamn click up - repeat 2X We gon drink a fifth of hen And we gon rock it to this bitch - repeat 2X We represent that Dirty We aint expectin' no shit - repeat 2X We wild out in the club Same click we don't give a fuck - repeat 2X [Verse 5: Lil' Wayne] Lil' Weezy, fuckin' Baby, 5'4" fo' 4-5 make a nigga go.. (Ooooh) I'm a fly young nigga, ho South cold's great Stay low when get cake, oh.. Yeah, me no play we can take it outside Never met a nigga take myself pride It's Wizzy Wizzle, Southside guy Outside fly, gutta gutta in the South, wild 5 I represent that Money I aint scared to throw my click up Soon as I throw it high up, holla back, Squire I'm screwed up I drive slow not fast Birdman Jr. I got stones not cash, bitch I'm from the swamp I smoke dro not grass P.O.C. rolled on my hands, got a 90 degree fo' in my pants Give you this respect I'm still mackin', you can smell the Pimp Juice on my breath [Bridge: Lil' Jon] Get yo hands up bitch Throw you goddamn click up - repeat 2X We gon drink a fifth of hen And we gon rock it to this bitch - repeat 2X We represent that Dirty We aint expectin' no shit - repeat 2X We wild out in the club Same click we don't give a fuck - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas & Damian Marley f/ Lil Wayne Album: Distant Relatives Song: My Generation Typed by: eclipse_leo@msn.com [CHORUS] My Generation will make a change This Generation will make a change  My Generation will make a change This Generation will make a change [VERSE 1 JR GONG] Now mi love fi see the schoolas dem a graduate A study hard and save the party for the holidays Diplomatic with dem Diploma  And them bound fi great Because dem nah pick up no matic and a perpetrate And then I love the energies whe dem a generate My Generation it so special it will make a change Because the elders sew the seed and it a germinate So anytime dem see the progress dem a celebrate Because we rising up despite of the economy And then a we a star the show like the astronomy And how we keep on breaking through is an anomaly Because we keep remaining true without apology The mission ha to carry through and finish properly Say Gambia to Guadeloupe Paris to Napoli Say Zambia to Honolulu back to Tripoli And everybody want a future living happily [CHORUS] My Generation will make a change This Generation will make a change  My Generation will make a change This Generation will make a change [VERSE 2 NAS] Can you blame my generation Subjected gentrification Depicting they're frustrations Over ill instrumentation Cause music is the way to convey to you what I'm facing Placing my life in-front of your eye for your observation Now if you can't relate then maybe you are too complacent Athletes today are scared to make Mohammad Ali statements What's up with tomorrow? Will you lead will you follow? Improve you values Education is real power I reach 'em like Bono So get rid of your self-sorrow Add some bravado Get wealthy like Wells Fargo It's true that I am you And I am proof Surviving through We do what we got to do Yow we can break the cycle Let nobody lie to you Then maybe put our sons and our daughters in private school Cause there's a mission we gotta finish before we leave This generation is destined to do historic deeds [CHORUS] My Generation will make a change This Generation will make a change  My Generation will make a change This Generation will make a change [VERSE 3 LIL WAYNE] If you weather that storm Then that Rain bring Sun Been a long time coming I know change go' come Man I gotta keep it moving To the beat of my drum Last night I set the future  At the feet of my son But they thinking that my Generation Gotta die young If we all come together Then they can't divide one Don't worry 'bout it Just be about it Got a message from God Heaven too crowded But I say  Hey Young World! You never looked better And I heard change start With the man in the mirror Uh! This Generation I'm a represent A generation led by a Black President Now how's that for change? Who knew that could change? I don't even look at the flag the same  Heak, Uh! So when you finish reading Revelations Thank God for my Generation The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Lil' Wayne Album: Country Grammar Song: For My Typed by: ice_man504@yahoo.com, gokugz@netzero.net {*talking through megaphone*} Yo, uh, you didn't see this one comin did ya  All the way from the N.O. to S.T.L. Nelly-Nel and Lil' Wayne [Nelly] Now on the scale of one to ten, I been rated, a 12 (right!) You know this and these cats hate it I got nuttin outdated, if it is it's up-graded S-class wit everything voice-activated Chrome rim three bladed, factory custom made it Paid wit big faces; if it's broke then replace it Now it's like that; Purple Haze and Cognac On the beach in L.A. with dime bitches ridin my back [Lil' Wayne] I represent them street niggas When they get hot, carry the heat niggas Them sweet niggas off they feet niggas You livin on the edge Fleet nigga That's why my clique we do or die and roll deep nigga Ain't nothing sweet nigga, recognize the bloody clothes Ready to represent the Grove wit two calicoes I carry 4's in my side pocket While yours cock a nigga mind poppin Walk through you house wit my iron now when  Chorus: Nelly (repeat 2X) I'm doing this one for my niggaaasss Who be keepin it tight Only lovin dime bitches that fuck on the first night This is for my bitchessss Wit the style and grace  Who ain't hear nuttin talkin but the Benjamin face [Nelly] I ain't bullshittin I trick em and run up in their kitty And she ain't a nonadeada my niggas then I'm splitin Get a code-red hop in the Jag and fled Pump +Nore+ number six, "bitch give me some head" And for you niggas out there who be jacking the wrist Got a new group for ya, Nina Ross and the Clips And from the hip I shoot, if you wanna get loot Bout ta tell ya the truth  I'm more focused I'm born in the Lou' Chorus [Lil' Wayne] I ain't no busta nigga Came up out that Holly Grove dungeon nigga  Flame up and toast let it get sparkin up in here You don't make out alive very often up in here I'ma speak on behalf of the C.M.B. partna I'm a sweep off ya air if its standing beef partna I skeet off a bag of the dilly-D partna Slip me on a mask hit the Benz wit three choppers Weezy-wez partna [Nelly] Four karats in my earring, five around my knuckle  Six wrap the wrist, check the belt buckle  Leave them wit it look like Nelly I didn't know If you was the Jackie Frost why didn't you say so Somebody gotta shine my nigga why not me Even my dentist told me floss 7 days a week Freeza burnt out the piece Gucci and hat sweet Butter soft leather seats for trash talkin freaks Chorus [Nelly] I'm doing this one for my niggaaaaaaaaaasssssssss {*talking through megaphone*} Uh, uh, ha bet ya no were ready for that one hu, ha, ha  We know ya didn't see that one comin Uh, uh E.I.  Uh, uh wodie The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Furtado f/ Lil Wayne Album: Maneater (Remix) 12" Song: Maneater (Remix) Typed by: soulprofit@gmail.com [Timbaland] Take it back to the top (lowered pitch) Baby please don't eat me up, eat me up, eat me up Baby please don't eat me up, eat me up, eat me up Baby please don't eat me up, eat me up, eat me up Baby please don't eat me up, eat me up, eat me up [Lil Wayne] See... My shortie know what she doing Lick her lips and get straight to it When she do it, I say "Ooh it... feels so good" "Ooh so good, you so good", I'm so hood Take her to the block tell her don't even trip I'ma stop right here, get a bag of that piff We can roll it on up and take that lift Hi, my name is Wayne I came to get paid And lotta other miscellaneous things Stand up guy but came to get laid Where's my bed? What I said... is what I mean And you can take that to the head I just come to do my thing, gotta keep that maneater fed Dreads swangin, while I'm bangin When I'm finished, still bangin, yup! I don't know what you was thinking But I'm young and I been drinking, now Hop on up in this spankin' new, drippin wet Mercedez coupe Got the thang lookin like a shiney suit Now imagine that with me and you I be Diddy, you be Mase, eat me up enjoy the taste If I be wit it, don't be faint I'ma put it right there for you on that plate Come on, call me Young Weezy Baby, Baby, ay-y-yes I'm a m-m-mouthful now lemme see you digest [Nelly Furtado] And when she walks she walks with passion When she talks, she talks like she can handle it When she asks for something boy she means it Even if you never ever see it Everybody get your necks to crack around All you crazy people come on jump around You doing anything to keep her by your side Because she said she love you, love you long time (Come on now) [Nelly Furtado] (Chorus) Maneater, make you work hard Make you spend hard Make you want all, of her love She's a maneater Make you buy cars Make you cut cards Make you fall real hard in love She's a Maneater, make you work hard Make you spend hard Make you want all, of her love She's a maneater Make you buy cars Make you cut cards Wish you never ever met her at all [Timbaland (w/ Nelly Furtado chanting)] (lowered pitch) Baby please don't eat me up Baby please don't eat me up Baby please don't eat me up [Nelly Furtado] (Chorus) Maneater, make you work hard Make you spend hard Make you want all, of her love She's a maneater Make you buy cars Make you cut cards Make you fall real hard in love She's a Maneater, make you work hard Make you spend hard Make you want all, of her love She's a maneater Make you buy cars Make you cut cards Wish you never ever met her at all [Nelly Furtado] (Outro) Never ever met her at all You wish you never ever met her at all You wish you never ever met her at all You wish you never ever met her at all You wish you never ever met her at all You wish you never ever met her at all You wish you never ever met her at all You wish you never ever met her at all [Timbaland] (lowered pitch) Baby please don't eat me up, eat me up, eat me up Baby please don't eat me up, eat me up, eat me up Baby please don't eat me up, eat me up, eat me up Baby please don't eat me up, eat me up, eat me up Baby please don't eat me up, eat me up, eat me up Baby please don't eat me up, eat me up, eat me up Baby please don't eat me up, eat me up, eat me up Baby please don't eat me up, eat me up, eat me up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Lil Wayne Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: Go Hard Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (*"Pay attention!"*) [Nicki Minaj] SB (*"Holiday season NIGGUH"*) I think it's my time You know why? My tears have dried And I know that no weapon formed against me will prosper (*"We make it look easy"*) And I truly believe that my haters, are my motivators Young Money (*"HOLIDAY SEASON!"*) [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] If you could you would get rid of me Fuck you gon' do when a bitch try to go hard? But I won't let you get to me (to me) You should already figure I'ma go hard If you was as real as me You would never let another girl sit in your throne I done put the choke on Now they screamin "Nicki leave me alone!" [Nicki Minaj] I am, I'm still, the one to beat Ain't in a rush from these streets - I am the streets!! I am gettin it in until the end I gotta go (GO) go (GO) goooooo GO HARD! Carter called, lemme get the car key You don't want it with the Harajuku Barbie Keep a marquis, everything sparkly (M-man man down!) Hit 'em on the walkie-talkie Hit em, hit 'em knock-knock, tell 'em let me in My name ring bells bitch buzz me in And I only stop for pedestrians Or a real real bad lesbian Hit 'em with the Mac, hit 'em with the tec 9 Hit 'em with the Ruger by the intersex sign Hit 'em with a Tommy so my niggaz call me Pammy And I always the jammy in the trunk or in the Lamby Put my whole borrough on my back and I'm good-a I don't wanna hear what you would or what you coulda I represent all the girls that stood up Used to drink water with a little bit of sugar Now I'm in the gym with my squats and my sit-ups Doin the scissor-leg on the mat with my foot up Young black pin-up, all of my bitches did up Now I'm tellin L.A. Reid to step his bid up And I'm tellin President Carter he picked a winner Bitches like Nelly and Kelly got a "Dilemma" These birds all fly South in the winter Fuck I look like chompin on a chicken dinner? You can hate me, but why knock my hustle? I'ma be the queen no matter how they shuffle Skirts with the ruffle, Louis on the duffle I'm a bad bitch no muzzle (no muzzle) Bitches is softer than Al Dente, cut from a different Kinte Tell 'em I'm the ninja, Weezy is my sensei So I call him Splinter, faster than a sprinter Gimme my chopsticks I'll have these rap bitches for dinner This is for my gentlemen in button-ups and khakis This is for my nigga 7-Up in Coxsackie This is for my niggaz wheelyin them Kawasakis Shout out to the back East, salt fish aggies Kisses to my fans unless I'm feelin kinda cocky Winter wonderland is on my hand it's kinda rocky I am Nicki, Minaj or Lewinski Pumps on the clutch, right hand on the six-speed Write my own raps I gotta go I gotta get me (gotta get me) [Nicki Minaj] I am, I'm will, I gots to win I'm still lookin around for my, compe-ti-tion I am gettin it in until the end I gotta go (GO) go (GO) goooooo GO HARD! [Lil Wayne] From slap-and-cry you start to die so I must go harder Gotta make these bitches know me just like Bobby know water Better yet like Bubba know shrimp But he don't say shit when the gun on his lip And I don't say shit put the gun on my hip So I don't say shit but the gun on my hip If you don't wanna drown don't come on my ship Check out how them bitches just run on my dick And me, I'm that nasty son of a bitch I still got that bitch cum on my lips If ye ain't got money don't come on my strip And if you got money, don't come on my strip I wear that metal, no Olympic But I can still make you tumble and flip You fuckin with me if you fuckin with Nic' They ain't fuckin with me, they ain't fuckin with Nic' Your girlfriend her decision is split Cause she wanna fuck me and she wanna fuck Nic' They wonder if he be fuckin Nic' As long as she be fuckin rich That's why I keep my luggage cause I swear y'alls a fuckin trip~!! Young Money dungeon bitch My swagger just punch a bitch And I shoot like I'm from overseas So call my gun "Gunovich" Weezy F. Baby and the "F" is for a bunch of shit Red drank, blue pill, white dust Yes I love my country biiiiitch Ah-ahh, ahhhhhhh! Yeahh {*echoes*} guitar {*lengthy guitar solo follows*} (*"HOLIDAY SEASON!"*) [Nicki Minaj] I am, I'm will, I gots to win I'm still lookin around for my, compe-ti-tion I am gettin it in until the end I gotta go (GO) go (GO) goooooo GO HARD! Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Lil Wayne Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded - The Re-Up Song: High School Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Nicki Minaj] He said he came from Jamaica He owned a couple acres A couple fake visas cause he never got his papers Gave up on love, fucking with them heart breakers But he was gettin' money with the movers and the shakers He was mixed with a couple things Ball like a couple rings Bricks in the condo And grams to Sing Sing Left arm, baby mother tatted 5-year bid up north when they ratted Anyway, I felt him, helped him Put him on lock, seat-belt him Took him out to Belgium, welcome Bitches this pretty, that's seldom This box better than the box he was held in I'm Momma Dee in that order I call him Daddy like daughters He like it when I get drunk But I like it when he be sober That's top of the toppa I never fuck with beginners I let him play with my pussy then lick it off of his fingers I'm in the zone [Hook: Nicki Minaj] They holler at me but it's you You, this ain't high school Me, and my crew We can slide through Give it to you whenever you want Whip it whenever you want Baby, it's yours Anywhere, everywhere Baby it's your world Ain't it? Baby it's your world Ain't it? [Verse 2: Lil Wayne] She got a nigga at home And one on the side Best friend is a dyke, they fucked around a few times Her and her momma alike, so all they do is fight I tell her make me some money, she tell me make her a wife I tell her, "bitch, you crazy. Fuck wrong with you?" And excuse my french, but I'm a long kisser And then she try to tell me I'm the only one that's hittin' And I say, "What about them niggas?" She say, "What about them niggas?" You right, what you doing tonight? Put on something tight Don't judge me, I get life She love me like a brother But fuck me like a husband Pussy like a oven Too hot to put my tongue in All I had to do is rub it The genie out the bottle Pussy so wet, I'ma need goggles She tell me that's it's mine I tell her stop lying Mine and who else? She say worry 'bout yourself Lil Tune [Hook: Nicki Minaj] They holler at me but its you You, this ain't high school Me, and my crew We can slide through Give it to you whenever you want Whip it whenever you want Baby, it's yours Anywhere, everywhere Baby it's your world Ain't it? Baby it's your world Ain't it? [Outro: Nicki Minaj] I know you want it, boy I see you tryin' Just keep on pushin' I'ma let you slide in Just close your eyes and This horizon It's ready, come get you some Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Lil Wayne Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: I Get Crazy Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Nicki Minaj] I just came out of the mutherfuckin Old School Got my Mac notebook with the Pro tools Yahh Bitches ain't ready for Nicki Lewinsky Bad "WOOF WOOF" flyer then a Frisbee So I'm' up in Mid-LA eating Mangos Keep a couple Pink Toes in my sandals Got some Bangles all over my Ankles Such a Star they say I'm' a Star Spangle Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh Banner I am the Rap Hannah Mah Mon Montana so fix your antenna I keep three hoes, But don't'call me Santa And I am flyer then Reindeer in the winter (In the Winter) [Hook] I Get Crazy, [x4] I I Get Crazy I Get Crazy, [x4] [Nicki Minaj] So I got a Badd Bitch mentality Cause I just came from another Galaxy I be with the President up in the White House If we in the Oval Office then the Lights Out Cause I am the Wicked Witch I'm' the Nickster And I keep a Bad Bitch on my Jickster But I leave her in a second for a Thicker Rockstar little mama with a Guitar I am Nicki El.Em.En.Oh.Winsky I mean my name Ring Bells like Tinky I mean Tinker Tell that Niqga Link her Cause I'm looking for some Good Brains from a Thinker [Hook] I Get Crazy, [x4] I I Get Crazy I Get Crazy, [x4] [Lil Wayne] 1, 2, 3rd Floor Hospital Bound Niqgas is Doors and I knock Niqgas Down Straight jacket crooked, I hear you Lookin I promise I'm' Hard, And I swear you Pussy I ain't crazy, No yes I am Right up in the Coo-Coo nest I land I'm' fly now Eat mah Bird shit Yeah I'm' crazy, I'm' crazy Bout' your Bitch Wild Animal on mah Bewildered Shixtt I love Brain so I'm' Looking For a Nerd Bitch It's' Nicki Minaj, The Superb Witch And Weezy F. Baby, No Weezy F. Crazy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Lil Wayne Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: Roman Reloaded Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] {*gun cocks*} Bang, my shit bang, it bang bang B-b-b-bang, my shit bang, it bang bang [Nicki Minaj] Yo, I guess I went commercial, just shot a commercial When I flew to the set though I ain't fly commercial And the ad is global, ya ad is local Where we shot it was a lot of different agricultures So I laugh at hopefuls, Nicki pop Only thing that's pop is my endorsement, ock Fuck around I have to go and reinforce the Glock [Nicki Minaj] Yo, is it me or did I put these rap bitches on the map again? You mad cause I'm at the Grammy's with the Vatican You in the booth but, I'm who you be channellin Why they never bring your name up at the panel then? Hottest MC's, Top 5 You need money? I got mine More knots than Eric on "Basketball Wives" {Ya dig?} [Nicki Minaj] Uhh, I couldn't do your TV show, I needed ten more mil' Not ten on the back, I need ten on signin Give that shit to a washed-up, bitch I'm winnin If I had a label I would never sign you hoes Take bitches to school then I Columbine these hoes I hear the slick shit, bitch you washed All you hoes cryin, Christopher Bosh [Nicki Minaj] Aiyyo, now when I tell 'em that "It's Barbie bitch" Yes I really do mean that it's Barbie bitch Ask Mattel, they auction my Barbie, bitch Raggedy Ann could never be a Barbie, bitch~! You at the bottom of the barrel scrapin I'm out in L.A. at the "Ice Age" tapin Been chillin at the top, I got ample time ... bite me, Apple sign Ha~! [Lil Wayne] Ha ha ha! Yeah! Kush on my breath, cocaine on my tongue Eat that pussy make it numb, she can't feel herself cum Got a body on my gun, fuck the world with my thumb Pop a molly, smoke a blunt - that mean I'm a high roller My ex wanna work it out, bitch try yoga Two hoes in the bed, tell them hoes slide over 'Scuse my French, two bitches and moi that's a Nicki Minaj--trois Ha~! Tunechi [Lil Wayne] Umm, my shit's so cold man it don't even stink-o Destructive ass nigga, watch me break the bank Weezy F, and the F is for Fill in the Blank I say shoutout Mack Maine, back yard bully And the weed purple like a black girl pussy Word, middle finger on the trigger Uhh, so you know that mean {fuck a nigga} [Lil Wayne] Bang bang! My bitch bang, she bang bang Well that's because my bitch is Nina Ross and-and She bangs, b-bang bang, bang bang She go bang, bang bang, bang bang Bang, bang bang, bang bang We bang - we bang, bang bang, b-bang bang B-b-bang, b-bang bang, Blood gang~! HEY! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Bobby V, Lil Wayne Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: Sex in the Lounge Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Bobby V] Yeah, Bobby V yeah Deejay turn me up! Don't you turn this down No no [Nicki Minaj] I think I gave him, a discrete name He replied, with a street name PR, at the Heat game No ball, repeat game He addicted to hustle, I'm addicted to fame Though he packin that muscle, I'm addicted to brain I'm addicted to chillin, make a hell of a killin Don't I stunt on these bitches? Man I'm bad as a villain Get the gun I'ma hunt 'em, when I'm done, I'ma done 'em When we leaving the lounge, I'ma keep it a hundred It went down, 'nuff said~! Pull off in that thing and it's blush red [Chorus: Bobby V] Sex in the lounge, girl I'm gon' take you down I'm gon' have you screamin girl, they gon' hear the sound of our sex in the lounge I can't believe this is happenin to me, girl Happenin to me, girl Oh I [Bobby V] So caught up in this girl, shorty got me all tricked out Can't control myself, cause I'm so into her Cause we doin it like nobody's around And when we doin it, I can hear her make a sound Shorty was in gear, like me Had that girl singin, singin like me She be like oh-oh-ohh, oh-oh-ohh, oh! Oh-I, I, I, I-I-I, I, I, I Whoahhhhhh, she lookin at me like she want it But I'm over here Ohoahhhohhh, she cumin on top of me I'ma make her scream, her scream [Lil Wayne] ... Sit that pussy on my bottom lip Then after that, you know we gotta switch My house so big that bitch came with a lobby We didn't use a rubber, but I came on her body I lay her down and kiss her neck and talk dirty to her Like I get that pussy wetter than a dirty sewer Fuck with me, turn around and bust it open for me Get on that dick and get that money; go Oprah for me All your girls don't like me cause they know you love me But if you scared, go to church, it's open Sunday I-I-I dig, I dig in that pussy, guess what I found? Tunechi Lee and Nicki, sexin around [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Noreaga f/ Juvenile, Lil' Wayne, Musalini, Maze and Goldfingaz Album: Melvin Flynt - Da Hustler Song: Play That Shit (We Don't Play That) Typed by: pthijssen@freemail.nl, NasOnTour@aol.com [Lil' Wayne] They call me the youngest headbuster walkin' Thugged out in all black, calicole sparklin' A guerilla till I die bless me when I'm dead But for the bread I bring ya anybody head That's how I play it I don't hold back I tote gats be on the spot were ya sold crack Nigga feel played then ya fuckin get blown back I burn 'em twice with a black rusty old mac Now BLOCKA nigga get off me [Juvenile] Get some off that cocky weed and roll that bitch up Won't play with me like I'ma choke that bitch up Keep it on the turf I might be killin' to get mine New prints on the back I make a million in big time I'll always be a thug until I'm crippled and crazy I'ma always stay close with Suga Slim, Wayne and Baby Runnin' with a team off cut-throats and backshots All day bullshittin neglagince and homicides [Noreaga] Cash Money niggas they don't play that shit Thugged Out niggas we don't play that shit [Noreaga] Thugged Out, Cash Money ha B.G Juvenile ain't funny ha We try to, get that paper like Bugs Bunny ha Yo we in the projects with my little honey ha Yo what up Kiko it gets real check it We got's this chicks to slauve that right out of Kansas Heyyo these countless bitches We used to fuck 'em on campus You my roley ha ha I'm your roley ha ha Fuck with us we leave you nigga fuckin' holy ha Semi-Latin cruise down to Baton Rouge Then I got a Hummer that's sittin on 32's But for the hood we got the eastcoast locked Magnolia and Iraq now that's my spots Come anywhere near there and still be shot Prat Niggas shot Niggas shot Niggas shot Niggas Shot shot Chorus [Musalini] >From N-Y to N-O Thugged Out and Cash Money I'm a thug B how you gonna stop hungry We eatin' pop bubbley in beef we pop dummies Run up in hood honey's it's all good sonney Throw your sets up nigga Throw your side up nigga Ride or die young nigga Get high young nigga Stay fly young nigga Do what you gotta survive young nigga [Maze ] Live we fly down in New Orleans Get it purpulatin You smell me keep that fire green circulating Thugged Out with Cash Money Thugs we stash your arms Weeds get blazed from your face till feet With us all we stay deep got beef we're surroundin My Niggas cock back Macs from here to some 'the houses Get rocked or get it on if you bout it Cause boy you're in the zone You take routes quick like Roy Jones Chorus Play that shit, play that shit, play that shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.O.R.E. (P.A.P.I) f/ Lil Wayne  Album: Student of the Game Song: She Tried Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: N.O.R.E.] Fresh pack of bogamills (Yes sir!)  Empty bottle ass taker, empty bottles of Nuvo Only one problem is [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Uh! Bitch tried to kiss me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, I kicked her out of my head [Verse One: N.O.R.E.] Ok we left the club around three, headed back to that room Yeah it's time for that dome 'cause we checkin out 'round noon She said damn N.O.R.E. so cold keep it up always no doze Look at that ass shorty all swole, we can just go! go! go! go! How 'bout some backshots? Do it missionary Whip out my laptop, pulled out my dictionary Hmmm! And I got head right off the whip This she came up out my lips, I'm like bitch what part is this?! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Bitch tried to kiss me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, I kicked her out of my head [Verse Two: N.O.R.E.] Still gettin head all in that whip, without crashin that shit You see me passin some Cris, you know I'm stashin that bitch Now listen, last night I had a new hoe with a molly on and a Nuvo She want to leave 'em I too though, she was on the +Dee+ you know +Kool Moe+ +Freaks Come Out At Night+ I see she 'bout that life Feed that bitch that pipe, skeet skeet like more than twice I'm gettin head like once again Then she came up out my lips, that's one part I'm just not with [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Bitch tried to kiss me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, I kicked her out of my head [Bridge: N.O.R.E.] I-I had to tell I had to tell I had to tell her man! I said baby girl, mamita senorita! We could've did what we did when we, we're supposed to do But after you did what you did, ewwwwwwwwwww!!!!! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Bitch tried to kiss me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, I kicked her out of my head [Outro: Lil Wayne] Yeah! She tried to kiss me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! BITCH! You must have bumped yo' shit when you fell out my bed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.O.R.E. (P.A.P.I) f/ Birdman, Ja Rule, Lil Wayne  Album: She Tried (Remix) (S) Song: She Tried (Remix)  Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: N.O.R.E.] Fresh pack of bogamills (Yes sir!)  Empty bottle ass taker, empty bottles of Nuvo Only one problem is [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Uh! Bitch tried to kiss me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, I kicked her out of my head [Verse One: N.O.R.E.] Ok we left the club around three, headed back to that room Yeah it's time for that dome 'cause we checkin out 'round noon She said damn N.O.R.E. so cold keep it up always no doze Look at that ass shorty all swole, we can just go! go! go! go! How 'bout some backshots? Do it missionary Whip out my laptop, pulled out my dictionary Hmmm! And I got head right off the whip This she came up out my lips, I'm like bitch what part is this?! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Bitch tried to kiss me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, I kicked her out of my head [Verse Two: Ja Rule] Yeah! I got a bitch that like to get fucked up want it like to get a little roughed up And that's cool 'cause a nigga gotta customer, stickin my dick in her mouth and her chokin up Not for nothin but you really hurtin both of us, 'cause I hate to see a woman cry when they givin mine Never mind never mind games any given time You can come over bend over let me bust it open  Closet freaks just came out Frank Ocean, I said I like to do it in slow motion She said she slippery when wet caution, awesome Never met a mouth that I didn't fuck often  Never met a bitch that ain't like her +Kisses Down Low+ K. Rowland Are you rollin? Well them kisses pausin [Chorus: Lil Wayne] (Birdman) Bitch tried to kiss me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! (Yeah!) She tried to kissed me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! (Rich Gang baby girl!) She tried to kissed me out the head, I kicked her out of my head (Fly nigga shit!) [Verse Three: Birdman] Versace on the spread count a hundred in different ways Fuck me in different days I fuck her in different ways Shoulder to partly, fendi and head play Pull up in hard tops, cuff 'em and get paid (RICH GANG!!!) Crusin in my maybach Pull up to the front do', thrity on that top flo' (RICH GANG!!!) Two on this persian rug Gave me brains and she blessed me on love [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Bitch tried to kiss me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, I kicked her out of my head [Bridge: N.O.R.E.] I-I had to tell I had to tell I had to tell her man! I said baby girl, mamita senorita! We could've did what we did when we, we're supposed to do But after you did what you did, ewwwwwwwwwww!!!!! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Bitch tried to kiss me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! She tried to kissed me out the head, I kicked her out of my head [Outro: Lil Wayne] Yeah! She tried to kiss me out the head, fuck wrong wit' yo' head?! BITCH! You must have bumped yo' shit when you fell out my bed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//ntr_big/duets/hope_you.big.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//ntr_big/duets/hope_you.big.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Jim Jones, Juelz Santana, Lil Wayne Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: I'm With Whateva Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Jim Jones] R.I.P Big We some niggaz that's gonna make you proud of this game Smell me? (Jones, Capo) Cash Money (Santana) Dipset (Lil Weezy) Let's Ride Cause real g's know the feeling (It's Murda) It's hard body, no remorse for the killing (Watch It) Cause real g's know the feeling (It's Murda) It's hard body, no remorse for the killing (Weezy) [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] Mad trees and bitches in dungarees The city under seas, kitchen 100 degrees I love that summer breeze, I'll stand in it until it freeze I'm from another breed, them sss, southern g's I sip phemetrazine, I lean, I stand tall I'm mean, I'm mad raw, I'm coming like fastball Steee-rike, Yup, so get it right Nigga, one of my sniplets'll end your whole life You ain't nothing but a riblet to a nigga with a knife In a fork, I'm a pig myself, I eat schwork So be smart and play your own part If you don't love yourself, I'll make you see your own heart And we don't like the narcs, stay away from the cell Hey, I'ma shoot it out if I'm facing the ail Yea, so tell your girl to come and make me rich Weezy Baby nigga, 9 to 5, 10 to 6 [Chorus: Juelz Santana] All night, I can't sleep, I toss and turn Got my hand on my pistol, when will these motherfuckers learn? (Watch it) I ain't going out without a fight I'm with whatever and I ain't going out without a fight I'm with whatever and I ain't going out without a fight I'm with whatever, It'd be your life before my life At night, I can't sleep, I toss and turn Got my hand on my pistol, when will these motherfuckers learn? [Verse 2: Juelz Santana] It's showdown time, throwdown time Same d-off, four pound time Clack Clack, go get yours, I'll go get mine Check it man, I'm wit whatever Goodness gracious the paper Where the cash at? Where the stash at? I'll blow that ass back for fronting on a nigga like me You got nothing on a nigga like me, you'll see I'm on the grind from sun up to sun down If I'm lying, may lightning come down and strike me right now I'll turn a dollar to a twenty to a fifty to a hundred Keep it coming til I'm full on my stomach I'm stuck in my ways, I'm stuck puffing my hase Hand on my pistol, front of it sprays I'm stuck living the life of a ghetto nigga Trying to get rid of the life, alright? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Official f/ Lil Wayne Album: Anything U Want 12" Song: Anything U Want Typed by: CaTasHtRoPhE21@aol.com * first single off "Tellin' Our Story" [Lil Wayne] what,what...what what...Unplugged,Lil Weezy wha,wha,what,what...wha,wha,what what... [Chorus-Official](Lil Wayne) I'll buy your clothes,and anything that you want from me(Anything) Ain't nothin' but a thang to me Ain't nothin' but some chance for me(Make It Count) And I'll ice you out,and anything that you want from me(Anything) Ain't nothin' but a thang to me(Ain't nothin') Ain't nothin' but some chance for me [Stormy Dai] What 'cha need,what 'cha need, Ba-by tell me,first let me tell you What you've gotta doOo, "Girl It Ain't" sweet So don't you try "To Play Me" Cause I can make you "Hate Me" If you give me your love,I could give you anything... [Chorus-Official] [Sal] Those Shian Gobana,Feni Faragama Lemme know,its just fo' show,HOooOoe oOooH, Platinum Ice see crowda',anything you wanna It's cool wit' me,If you my ShortYyYy yEeAaH yEeEaAaH [Chorus-Official] [Lil Wayne] Hey you know one thing,Wayne got chedda' Get you a platinum piece-ice every letter Gucci shoes,Prada dress,Mink sweater Full of summer hot,red hummer,pink leather Don't she combine the Chanel,wat'eva Me and you up in the 2-seat Compressor Drop the top on the 2-G Porche Carrera Let cha' hair down,won't cha' fly like feathers Hot Boy,you know,Big Tymer,ya heard I cut on +Tha Block Is Hot+ you better sing every word I like my women-topless,Bentley-topless,20's-spotless (*Clears Throat*)Ugh Hmm-stop it Me and Unplugged,we some thugs,can't change us Better get it right,I send you back to where you came from Give me all the ice,all the clothes,all the stacks Drop it at the door cause I'm all my back... [Chorus-Official 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: One Republic f/ Bun B, Lil Wayne Album: Apologize (Remix) (Single) Song: Apologize (Remix) Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com (Hook, One Republic) I'm holdin on a rope Got me ten feet off the ground And I'm hearin what your say But I just can't make a sound You tell me that you need me Then you go and cut me down, but waaait Tell me that you're sorry Didn't think I'd turn around (Verse 1, Lil Wayne) OK, I'm talkin' bout a Good girl, gone bad Crooked world, wrong path Right Mom, wrong dad I sing this song mad, but not mad enough to shoot you But it just eats me up, like some barbecue from Luther's In the morning with the roosters On the corner with the boosters And she's the fresh-cut and they're on her like sutures And I wanna talk to her But her momma has to school her I wanna see her better She's the weather of my future I don't wanna see another hurricane Baby you can kill the pain If you just let me explain Trust me I know what I'm sayin' You will end up on the track of an on-coming train Stuck in the passenger seat Travelin' through the fast lane (Verse 2, Bun B) Well once upon a time, there was a mom and a dad Who on the outside, had everything people wished they had A beautiful daughter, two-story house, two-car garage And a white picket-fence, wrapped around the front yard See daddy was a doctor And mommy was a banker Mommy's job got outsourced So now mommy's dranker Daddy had a malpractice suit Now he's a snorter And all this shit is takin' place right in front of the daughter She says, Daddy what's wrong? But he's just too high Mommy what we gon' do? She just get drunk and cry Caught in the middle of two wrongs, tryin'a do right Looking for answers all alone in the darkness of night Shit ain't right (Hook) I'm holdin on a rope Got me ten feet off the ground And I'm hearin what your say But I just can't make a sound You tell me that you need me Then you go and cut me down, but waaaait Tell me that you're sorry Didn't think I'd turn around You say that it's too late to apologize It's too laaaate I said it's too late to apologize it's too laaaate The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: OutKast f/ Lil Wayne, Snoop Dogg Album: Idlewild Song: Hollywood Divorce Typed by: tericoharper@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Starts off like a small town marriage Lovely wife and life, baby carriage Now all the stars have cars, success of course But it ends in Hollywood divorce, Hollywood divorce [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] And I'm a start Yea, and I don't have to go to Hollywood 'Cause Hollywood come through my neighborhood with cameras on I really think they're stealin from us like a sample song I really wish one day we'd take it back like Hammer's home The hurricane come and took my Louisiana home And all I got in return was a darn country song This whole country wrong What would you write if you just put a little ice on And cut your mic on But you don't even write songs But Hollywood make you spit like a python I meant Cobra, I'm so not sober I'm high like a Hollywood coffee or soda You can call me a roller Your grill's glistenin' Spent a hundred thousand on mine to feel different What's the real sense of it? Bling bling, I know And did you know I'm the creator of the term I just straightened the perm Aint let it sit too long, they just makin it burn And make a movie of our lifestyle But they earn like a dead body burned on a mantlepiece That's why I try not to lie on wax like this candle grease And I be's the little nigga Cooler than anti-freeze defrost on your window pane - Lil Wayne But in Hollywood it's Litt-le Wayne Don't make me nut So that's why I got a pre-nup I do [Verse 2: Andre 3000] Yeah, Yeah A is for Adamsville B is Bowen Homes See if I give a fuck if you like me you know I don't If she ain't got a good head on her leave that ho alone If she do got some good head on her let her sing a song D is for what I serve, I don't be on no curb She ain't no junkie neither, I ain't no dope dealer But she keep comin back three stacks must be some crack Put that pipe in her lap, she ain't know how to act Now that I've got your undivided attention I'm Gonna say this and run under condition one Promise me you gon' stack, promise me you gon' ball Promise me you'll invest three fourths of it all For what? So your kids, kids, kids can have some cheese Can't get with it? Get get get get get on your knees Cause wealth is the word Rich is round the corner from the curb Don't like what I write? Shoot me a bird [Verse 3: Big Boi] (Starts off) Tenth grade, the way was pave for me and Dre. to create Like Dr. Frankenstein the arts and crafts Now could we make a difference Antoine Patton and Andre Benjamin Been jammin for you crabbing rap niggaz and journalists That's quick to misprint public and private business Then retract back for deaf ears and think it's dismissed Part two the sequel all new 'Kast Just ain't the same gang of nerds on the internet Slanndering your name behind that screen name They're lame and their life is pretty plain M&M's with no nuts Won't show up face-to-face straight bitch made Like puppies on the nipples of a mutt Address it on a case-by-case basis like the judge What about these lyin' ass hoes tryin to plot Or these niggaz on the block who want the queen (Nigga please) But even she can walk we'll miss her we ain't gon' fake it But God don't make mistakes must be something bigger waiting [Verse 4: Snoop Dogg] I do, love you but you hate me at the same time Lights, camera, action, it's game time Do you take this here as your lovely wife? To love her and cherish her for all your life? I solemnly swear to dare share take you there And me and you together baby we a lucky pair It's been a long time, we walked a thin line Others say they got you but you been mine As I sit back and watch all them cat fights Domestic violence - is that right? But you love the dogg, gave me the spotlight And now I'm growin up, showin up, blowin up I never ever thought that we would separate at all But you played me like a game of football Used to feed me, need me, dress me Now it's so messy straight cut out and left me [Andre 3000] Hollywood divorce All the fresh styles always start off as a good little hood thing Look at blues, rock, jazz, rap Not even talkin about music Everything else too By the time it reach Hollywood it's over But it's cool We just keep it goin and make new shit [Snoop Dogg] Take our game, take our name Give us a little fame And then they kick us to the curb that's a cold thang The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Paul Wall f/ Lil Wayne Album: The Peoples Champ Song:  March N' Step Typed by: illedoutsteve@netscape.net Ahh they shouldnt a done this right here March now step now march now step (yeah) March now step now march now step (blueberry still connect) March now step now march now step March now step now march now step You gotta march like a soldier Walk it how you talk it Play it how you say it and stop acting on that hard shit Stripes on my back is what ya boy go to war wit Never been faking or fronting or on that fraud shit You gotta march like a soldier (now on my block we just march) You gotta walk it like you talk it (we got the lil mamas dipping) You gotta march like a soldier (now on my block we just march) You gotta walk it like you talk it (we got the lil mamas dipping) [Verse 1: Paul Wall] I'm grinding I'm posted up on the block like a stop sign Raised off of instinct with a mind like Einstein I'm a certified hustler and a G Trying to metamorphasize a hundred two a hundred three I'm chasing after currency and accumulating green With the heart of a lion, I'm on the grind like a dope fien I've got the street smarts of Avon Barksdale I took a couple hits but I'm still flowing like blood cells My money's empidemic, it multiply fast I'm grinding in the cut like a piece of broken glass Addicted to the hustle allergic to being broke Never falling off cuz I stay on my note You gotta march like a soldier (now all my hot boys march) You gotta walk it like you talk it (we got the hot girls dipping) You gotta march like a soldier (now all my hot boys march) You gotta walk it like you talk it (we got the hot girls dipping) [Verse 2: Lil Wayne] Ay, get off my dick, Hollygroove Weezy Young money billionaire, Herms winter ware I'm trying to get somewhere like I ain't never been no where They probably suffocate trying to breathe this endo air Halt who goes there, nigga I live there I run on top of water, I walk on thin air I ride around with a MAC10 squared Thats a pair of semi-automatic shootin everywhere I dont care if authority come by here They get it just like them niggaz who ain't from by here Yeah, and I'm extra bout it If I get in beef I do something about it before I get out Yeah, Lil Wayne never dropped the Lil I gave Paul a hundred thousand for my grill Yeah, I'm so New Orleans that I can't hide You know I'm cutting something I'm spittin for Roc? side, Weezy You gotta march like a soldier (now all my dope boys march) You gotta walk it like you talk it (we got the dope girls dipping) You gotta march like a soldier (now all my dope boys march) You gotta walk it like you talk it (we got the dope girls dipping) [Verse 3: Paul Wall] I ain't never had a hand, I ain't never been a beggar On the grind like a bootlegger, I'm a go getter I'm Bobby Fischer on the mic making chess moves This suckers playin checkers simply destined to lose The Martha Stewart made it blind See the chains bump ends Me and a couple lady friends blowing piff in the wind I got the wrist ware, smooth and sleek Nothing but ??? You ain't never saw a watch like this so go ahead and take a peek I'm massive in the streets like a diesel truck Endulging in that purple stuff gettin full of that puff puff Tote the iron, I'm double dutch I'm ice water up in the clutch Place your bet, Ill call ya bluff Paul Wall baby thats whats up You gotta march like a soldier (now all my dope boys march) You gotta walk it like you talk it (we got the dope girls dipping) You gotta march like a soldier (now all my dope boys march) You gotta walk it like you talk it (we got the dope girls dipping) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PJ Morton f/ Lil Wayne Album: New Orleans Song: Lover Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] Young Money [PJ Morton] This argument is just gonna keep goin on.. and on And at this point, I don't even really care who's right or wrong Uh.. I just don't wanna fight anymore Even forgot what we're arguing for And if you think this is the way to be I'm sorry, this ain't gon' work for me [Pre-Chorus] And I know, I know that no one's perfect But what's the purpose if we can't even make it through the day Without fighting, we can't even get along I would just rather let it go Cause you should already know that I'm a lover, I'm a lover, I'm a lover, I'm a lover Not a fighter, not a fighter, not a fighter I'm a lover, I'm a lover, I'm a lover, I'm a lover Not a fighter, not a fighter, not a fighter I'm a lover, I'm a lover, I'm a lover, I'm a lover Not a fighter, not a fighter, not a fighter I'm a lover, I'm a lover, I'm a lover, I'm a lover Not a fighter, not a fighter, not a fighter [PJ Morton] Don't even matter, what you're seeing Right now I just need some time so I can do some thinkin Will this be the end of me and you? Ohh, ohh All I know is, that I'm stressed out Seems like you shot everything, I gave my best shot Now it may be time for us to throw in the towel, ohh ohh [Pre-Chorus and Chorus] [Lil Wayne] It go, I got that gin in my system Somebody gon' be my victim Yea, don't fight that love Just bare/bear with me baby like a white and black cub Girl love is a must, so don't put up a fuss I'm hard as steel, she wet, make it rust Whatchu know about it? And I'm so 'bout it Girl this thing in my {pants} deserve a bow around it Yeah, eh-heh, and all we do is fuss, {and fuck} Uh, don't start, honey I put that {dick up on ya} good and make you walk funny Yeah, PJ he's Young Money New Orleans in this {bitch}, don't start nothin Won't be nothin, lemme see somethin I'm a lover, not a fighter, but I beat that {pussy} up, Tunechi! Hah! [Pre-Chorus and Chorus] [Lil Wayne over Chrous] YOUNG MULA, BAY-BAY!! I'm a lover, girl.. I wanna go outside, wanna go outside  In the rain, in the rain So no one, no one, no one, no one would know that I'm cryin, yeah Hehe... alright.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: PJ Morton f/ Lil Wayne Album: Lover (S) Song: Lover (Explicit Version) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] Young Money [PJ Morton] This argument is just gonna keep goin on.. and on And at this point, I don't even really care who's right or wrong Uh.. I just don't wanna fight anymore Even forgot what we're arguing for And if you think this is the way to be I'm sorry, this ain't gon' work for me [Pre-Chorus] And I know, I know that no one's perfect But what's the purpose if we can't even make it through the day Without fighting, we can't even get along I would just rather let it go Cause you should already know that I'm a lover, I'm a lover, I'm a lover, I'm a lover Not a fighter, not a fighter, not a fighter I'm a lover, I'm a lover, I'm a lover, I'm a lover Not a fighter, not a fighter, not a fighter I'm a lover, I'm a lover, I'm a lover, I'm a lover Not a fighter, not a fighter, not a fighter I'm a lover, I'm a lover, I'm a lover, I'm a lover Not a fighter, not a fighter, not a fighter [Lil Wayne] Uh, she say she love but all we do now is fuck and fight Man, I just pull them draws over like they runnin lights Gotta cut my phone off like I'm on the flight cause if I don't, she gon' check it like a pair of Nikes Why you wanna go and do dat, do dat? Trippin like you stepped on a crack, you wack C'mon now, don't start honey I put that dick up on ya good and make you walk funny See I'm a lover, not a fighter, but I beat that pussy up And I amy not be Mr. Perfect but we make the perfect couple I think so, and you drink so Chill 'fore I put ya ass out like a single Shit gon' get real if you don't quit it, everybody got a limit We argue over bullshit/+Bull+ shit and you ain't Scottie Pippen Uh, but I ain't trippin on yo' ass I wonder what you'd ever do if I went missin on yo' ass Tunechi! [Pre-Chorus and Chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Playaz Circle f/ Lil Wayne Album: Supply & Demand Song: Duffle Bag Boy Typed by: doc_holliday2003@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Hook] If I don't nuthin I'ma ball I'm countin all day like a clock on the wall Now go and get your money little duffle bag boy Said go and get your money little duffle bag boy get money And I ain't ever ran from a nigga and I Damn sho ain't bout to pick today to start runnin Look honey I ain't never ran from a nigga and I Damn sho ain't bout to pick today to start runnin get money [Verse 1] tha beat so hot the flow is so ice cold walkin to the gucci store honey I'm home I am on my shit I need a pamper on toilet paper on the side for example hommie I... get... money I know you niggas ain't heard no shit like this and while you wishing on that fallin star I'm in a foreign car smoking out with the doors ajar suede sun roof hangin out the big top we leave the dealership head to the rim shop you niggaz bearly dressin I got thousands piling That's that salad dressin I'm on my thousand island wildin... stylin... I be I get so much money its my i.d Don't try me and if I don't do nuthin I'ma fuckin ball and I ain't bout to start runnin nawl nigga nawl [Hook] [Verse 2] Ain't nothin to a boss we ballin when you see us we hear them haters callin they too far off to see us unless they got they glasses on get your bifocal game class is now in session now try to stay focus mane your boy ain't good enough style ain't hood enough would've could've should've wont do with us true enough need a hoe break a hoe never nuthin new to us turnin hoes to house wives never been cool with us soon enough all these dealers are gonna catch up till then fuck it I'm winnin so I'ma stack up flows like a river the current is so rapid hit with the wrachet thats how shit happens next time you're yappin make sure it be about that big money talk let that lil money walk call me what you want but don't call me for front southside I got wut you want come holla at me [Hook] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Playaz Circle f/ Birdman, Juelz Santana, Lil Wayne Album: Supply & Demand Song: Duffle Bag Boy Remix Typed by: shakelamatin@comcast.net [Lil Wayne - talking] And if you can't feel it I'ma touch ya Nothin' makes a situation better than chedda And I'm cuttin' through that cheese like a shredda So I guess I'm famous like a Nanja Turtle But I ain't got nothin', nothin' but money Cuz if I don't do, if I don't do [Hook 1] If I don't do nothin' I'ma ball I'm countin' all day like the clock on the wall Now go and get ya money lil' duffle bag boy Say go and get ya money lil' duffle bag boy (Remix baby) (Get money) I ain't never ran from a nigga and I damn sho' ain't bout to pick today to start runnin' (Remix baby) Look honey, I ain't never ran from a nigga and I damn sho' ain't bout to pick today to start runnin' (Get money) [Lil Wayne Verse] The block is hot, the flow is so ice cold Walkin' into the bank, honey I am home I get more that shit, ya got me dancin' on Anotha planet to screw, Janet Jackson song I talk real crazy, but they still pay me Said goodbye to the game, but I'm still wavin' And no disrespect to the lil' ladies But fuck nine months, I hustle all year baby All yeah baby, I know you lovin' that Thee be where the d be, dope boy wit a duffle bag Wit a duffle bag til they put it in the air Call me Mr. President or call me Mr. Ever Care Or Mr. Everywhere or Mr. Never Care Or Mr. Never Scared, no you could never scare Me, yeah me in the kitchen wit that big pot Bitch I'm on my, bitch I'm on my tank top, tick tock [Hook 1] If I don't do nothin' I'ma ball I'm countin' all day like the clock on the wall Now go and get ya money lil' duffle bag boy Say go and get ya money lil' duffle bag boy (Remix baby) (Get money) I ain't never ran from a nigga and I damn sho' ain't bout to pick today to start runnin' (Remix baby) Look honey, I ain't never ran from a nigga and I damn sho' ain't bout to pick today to start runnin' (New Playaz Circle) (Get money) [Playaz Circle - Dolla Boy) Hail to the streets, cuz the streets is what made me Still the same I hate hoes and they hate me If a nigga owe me, believe he gon pay me I signed wit Def Jam but I don't know Jay-Z Beat the, beat the death like Weezy F Baby Just like Khaled say We the Best We the Best Duffle bag boys Dolla Tit ya wanna meet the rest Big Cap, J dot Beats that's hot [Playaz Circle - Tity Boi] Yes I am a beast Feed me rappers or feed me beats I don't wanna talk I let my fo' fo' speak And I like mine's right Pepto pink Yeah I get moola, I put work on a rula I like good brain, but I'm lookin for a tula I got on so much jewlery that I feel like a coola Putula Ya dig? [Hook 1] If I don't do nothin' I'ma ball I'm countin' all day like the clock on the wall Now go and get ya money lil' duffle bag boy Say go and get ya money lil' duffle bag boy (Remix baby) (Get money) I ain't never ran from a nigga and I damn sho' ain't bout to pick today to start runnin' (Remix baby) Look honey, I ain't never ran from a nigga and I damn sho' ain't bout to pick today to start runnin' (Get money) [Juelz Santana] Ok Dipset, Santana, let's go, ya dig? Aye I push those whips, pass those hoes Got a money overload, my duffle bag won't close (uh oh) I'm driving by, you just standin' starrin' We flyin' high, you just prepare for landin' I'm so fresh from my stitchin' to my belt From my jewels to my shoes, I take pictures of myself (Cheese) And that money's my wife, she ain't signin' a prenup She gon love me for life, (why) cuz I know how to treat her [Birdman] Stunnaman so I'm headin' to the Phantmon shop Cop 3 now I'm headin' to the rim shop Took a Jet to Jersey on Ms. Lee's island You know me homey, bout this money I'm pilin' Big timin', straight hustlin' Uptown wit the muscle Get money Dark shades Stay high Ready spray [Hook 1] If I don't do nothin' I'ma ball I'm countin' all day like the clock on the wall Now go and get ya money lil' duffle bag boy Say go and get ya money lil' duffle bag boy (Remix baby) I ain't never ran from a nigga and I damn sho' ain't bout to pick today to start runnin' (Remix baby) Look honey, I ain't never ran from a nigga and I damn sho' ain't bout to pick today to start runnin' (Get money) [Hook 2] If I don't do nothin' I'ma ball I'm countin' all day like the clock on the wall Now go and get ya money lil' duffle bag boy Say go and get ya money lil' duffle bag boy (Get money) I ain't never ran from a nigga and I damn sho' ain't bout to pick today to start runnin' (Get money) Look honey, I ain't never ran from a nigga and I damn sho' ain't bout to pick today to start runnin' (Get money) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Project Pat f/ Baby, Hot Boys, Three 6 Mafia Album: Ghetty Green Song: Ballers Typed by: Mike82122@aol.com [Project PAT] Man, why these niggaz always hatin' on Hypnotize and Cash Money?  Man, fuck these niggaz! [Baby] What's up wodie? It's these gold grill and these platinum-mouth boys These big time Hot Boys, these 3-6 boys,  wit the self made millionaire Cash Money boys [Turk] You done fucked with the wrong nigga Must they know that I ride and I shoot quicker Should have known not to upset this lil nigga You got a click so what nigga my click thicker A bunch of real niggaz that'll burn ya With no waitin' catch ya slippin then jam ya up Slangin' weight ain't no thang for me Play by the rules Or shit I'll kill yo' family, that's what I do Bust ya chest wide open and split ya fade nigga And them all frozen, moves from the 'K nigga Turk don't play, when it's time to get serious Think I'm a hoe keep it that way and stay curious [Baby] Niggaz be shoutin' one love but wearin black gloves Some niggaz 26 and 28 still live in they mom house askin' for play Them niggaz shouldn't be respected, they fake Instead of hittin' blocks with glocks and touchin' niggaz money spot And breakin' bread with the woman who put em in that spot These niggaz wanna trick they hoes And play with they nose Instead of totin' fo' fo's and movin' fuckin' kilos Nigga I done bought more cars than niggaz done bought pussy hoes And bought more rims than niggaz done fucked they main hoe in they assholes 3-6 told me to roll and unload But nigga fuck that I'm tryin' to stack and mack And that deal with Universal shoulda showed that But Uptown is where its at Playboy won't you tell me how you luv that? Won't you tell me how you luv that? [Chorus: repeat 2X] Ballers We be on some twanky twankies Playa hatas get found stanky stanky Trickin fat blunts of that danky danky Big diamond rangs on our panky panky [Juvenile] Fuck with 3-6 Mafia gon' make me millions Fuck with CMR gon' make me some more millions I can see it, I'm a kill 'em And build me and building And put some money to the side for my mom and my children Ridin' with my nigga Rambezee, to the easy Drinkin' for my nigga Babyzee and B.G.eezy Ducked off Tinted windows on my candy apple cut dawg It's a classy nigga fuck yall [Juicy J] I'm representin' Northern Memphis to the fuckin' fullest We ain't the kind to tote a gun when there ain't no bullets And when that drama starts the strap we expect to pull it You see a nigga holdin gauge and you wish he would have Rolled by yo' mama house and put her in a coma Cuz niggaz gone on that Hennessey and marijuana And now we back up in the hood on a burner phone-a In that game slangin' came to you blood donors It's on, coward [Lil Wayne] They call me quick draw 2 pistols Lil Wayne Champagne took my brain I don't think I just aim Drop tops on a Z-3 Start shootin' like 3 burners How come them try me Never know me block burner Better watch for lil shorty in black Nigga get back Bout to make my glock 40 click clack Brrr kill it It's yo Life Spill It Playin' with the realest Pop fire like a skillet Now nigga what the dilly Highly influenced on Cristal I'm warnin' you to clear the set because it gets wild I be disguised as a mailman with a pistol Then deliver him 50 shots and take his child [DJ Paul] Punk bitch I dare ya I double dare ya step against this pot belly Bitches they try to step to the ruler but they ain't ready Weak ass them cowards try to make moves but I knock 'em out 2nd ones step yall need more help 2 barrels in his mouth Face it when this shits fucked up you gotta deal with it This is my game, live with it or get killed with it These are my dice This is my board I let you roll off And how you gon' have ice when I cut your fuckin' water off Chorus [Project Pat] It's the project nigga roll back I own them bricks Kickin' game with the Hot Boys and 3-6 B.G., Juvenile, Baby, Lil Wayne North Memphis, Uptown, and we havin' thangs AIn't no thang when ya come real ya gotta shine I'm strapped with a glock 9, he ain't takin' mine We in our prime puttin' in work players never rush it Full of gin, fucking hoes, like I'm mad russian A discussion amongst men means a power move Is about to be made for a come-up fool Slang that iron when you get in my business Hypnotize, Cash Money, on the rise bitch Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Raekwon f/ Busta Rhymes, Lil Wayne, Q-Tip Album: Staten Go Hard, Vol. 1 Song: Renaissance Rap (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Q-Tip - Intro] {*imitating Marley Marl} I don't care who first or who last I just know y'all betta rock dis at da drop of a dime, baby! (Renaissance...) I don't care what chy'all say or what chy'all do But you got to be finished befo' the music is through... [Q-Tip - Verse 1ne] I don't think they heard me, hold up.. ..So here we go, now It be the +Midnight Maurader+ on the scene Geographically earthed in a place called Queens I was formed with my principles, way I displayed When I used to cool out where all the other kids played  'Cause I was way too ill, I would hone my skill Go out in the park and let my chemicals spill Right there, on Farmers Boulevard, I made my mark Two dudes, brothers would dip from us, me, and NARCS And then my, legend would grow on the A-train line where rappers would gather to see my blowin nicks and dimes It was me, Big, Pete, Tanya, and Sa-{?} When in the heat of the cipher, I was not libel For all the casualties of the dutty MCs' I split the train car like Moses did the Red Sea Get it in ya head, we gon' rock the dead Night of the living MCs', the weak ones fled C'mon Bus.. [Busta Rhymes - Verse 2wo] Yo, yo, God body, wise intellegence Smack niggaz and wrestle with elephants My beloved respect my benevolence Comin like missles, the issue is this  be the shit you can't rebel against Then I sniff out you niggaz that be hidin in bushes - whassup? And strangle niggaz like poisonous octopuses - shut the fuck up! Back with hazardous weathers and blizzards as I spit, stickin out my tongue like an iguana lizard at you corny niggaz, Animal Planet rap, Wildlife Stabbin you in yo' back wild nice (Ahhhh!) While I hunt and eat you niggaz like food, leavin you bleedin BEATS - rattle the speakers, like some buffalo stampedin If you don't understand what I'm sayin Lyrically I'm like goons acci-DENTALLY beatin you like gorillas playin (Ha ha!) Bitches know when I spit, I be seducin 'em Countless money with diamonds that's buried in Jerusalem The Renaissance {*echoes*} [Q-Tip: interlude] {*imitating Marley Marl} WHOOO, that Busta Rhymes right there I don'- look like sendin Raekwon in here Where Raekwon at?? [Raekwon - Verse 3hree] Aiyyo, aiyyo, squeezin Johnny Walker neck up in the Benzo freezin The head-long cock block pumpin is easy Poison medals on my neck wrists and arms Louie luggages is bronze, a big bag of D, Happy Kwanz' Together we the Chi-Lites to twists of the O'Jays One line from miss'll have you leanin like roach spray Poison up on holstery, my boys in Mrs., our choice Booklyn, Shaolin whylin in the Royces Old Gold at the Golden Globes, my robe hitin the cement Chef in the buildin, yep and he been a thousand one goons at the Rumba Certified clients, drug money and sum'thin up giants Yo, it's the Tarzan cocaine clan in the area Guerrillas in Louie hats, the more, the merrier Take mines, take a hunnid nines We be runnin out of rhymes, never bullets Try to front and you mines Renaissance... (WHOOOOOOOOOO-WHEEE!!!) [Lil Wayne - Verse 4our] *clears throat* A-go off... Let me spaz, let me spaz (c'mon) Though they call me Weezy F., you gon let me pass So ahead of my time with my next re-ass Money on the dinner table like let's eat cash And I do it for the killers and the hunnid dolla billas And from now on, I don't think you should stunt without a million - dollars in the bank, I got money in the bank Now throw yo' hands in the air if yo' pussy don't stank You got a bullet and a shank, I got a bullet and a tank I got fur, in my boots, and the hoody on the minks Stop sweatin me, you should follow me, I'm directin it Other fools break it down, I be dissectin it EVER since I made it up out of middle America Err'body wanna be in my genital area Butcha better stay away from my chemical barrier Weezy, baby, straight out the ?Sicerian?, NUGGUH!! (What's it called man?) Oh yeah...(Hah?)  "Renaissance Rap" [Marley-Tip - Outro] MAN, I ain't gon give y'all my microphone no more! 'Cause y'all tear it up when you get it Lemme see who you have Now, you have Q-Tip, you have Busta Rhymes You have Raekwon the Chef, you had Lil Wayne on here Man, I ain't givin y'all my microphone no mo' 'cause y'all tear it up when you get it I just said, get a lil' somethin before the beats GO...[*echoes*] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rich Boy f/ John Legend, Lil Wayne, Nas Album: Ghetto Rich Remix 12" Song: Ghetto Rich Remix Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Rich Boy] Let me take ya through my hood where I was born and raised Where niggas tote semi-automatics, busting them K's Heavy guns and dope boys harassed by the police Still getting pulled over and asked by the police Bama wasn't made for a nigga to win See the color of ya skin get ya put in the pen It's real life, over dice, Dwayne dead and gone Sending niggas to the pen or the funeral home I be feeling like the Lord will never answer me back So I'm holding on my gat just in case they attack Bullet holes in ya house it'll make it hard to sleep Ya see the fiends on the street want the hard for cheap Lotta niggas doing life from undercovers and fake friends It's real how them penitentiary bars'll break men Niggas doing life from undercovers and fake friends It's real how them penitentiary bars'll break men (chorus) John Legend It's where ya live, it's where ya play It's where ya learn, ya favorite slang Your world is, ghetto It's where I live; it's where I'm from It's where ya had, to tote your gun Your world is, ghetto [Lil Wayne] I could never win an Oscar 'cause I don't know how to act So on my first million dollars and I ain't know how to act Then the second million came, then more came after that Then more came after that, Hurricane after that DAMN!!, and y'all saw the aftermath And in my hood we don't front, so I do give back When you see a hood nigga you gotta tilt your hat And since I'm a hood nigga I do just that OGs used to tell me you just rap Lil nigga all you need to do is rap And just when I thought I was gonna do just that Poppa was a Rolling Stone and them stone was crack Fuck being like Mike I wanna be like pop Then I picked up a mic I wanna be like 'Pac Please put down the pipe you don't need that rock Please put up a fight for the kids that watch Us in the spotlight and then they mock But caskets get closed and then they drop And cases get closed and they are dropped 'Cause no one knows and nobody got Any out nor N-O, 'cause they better not Three words to a witness they get shot Let me tell you what this is, this is the block Always talk to God, never listen to cops (chorus) John Legend [Nas] It's cool to love to win but it's better to hate to lose There's only one Nas by the hundred thousand you's You lose money chasing women, never lose women chasing money Niggas is broke plus the Wolves is hungry Morgues full of dead niggas who was taking money Morgues full of niggas who the last shit they ate in stomach Spending stake, GORE-TEX boot, Prince still on his face His still on his face when we revisit his wake Whatever's undone I'd do it, fight against a whole army One gun I'll use it, some son two shit Creeping on ya like walking pneumonia You're far from opponents; we could spar for the moments I stay in deceitful conversations with creep with foul natures Attempted murders trials, the basics Threatening the witnesses and relatives of dead victims It's the shit we live, uh, Queensbridge thug matrimony, clap a phony Bullets even hit a crack-head in his Abercrombie Psycho analyst was asking me what happened to me? See the yacht got to me, then the gat got to me Then the homies on the block with the stacks of money Then these beautiful bitches was bending backs for me Then lames put the rap game in a casket slowly Man I don't give a fuck, this is rap to me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rich Gang f/ Birdman, Chris Brown, Lil Wayne & Tyga Album: Rich Gang Song: Bigger Than Life Typed by: Cedmaster3K [Intro: Chris Brown] + (Birdman) Look around, is this where you wanna be? (Yeah, YMCMB) This shit bigger than life and don't gotta play around - no, no, no, no And when the sun comes up we gonna be alright Speak up on it baby we gonna be alright (fully loaded) I want you to know this is we - we're bigger than life (I am my brother's keeper, nigga) Bigger than life (million dollar music, flashy life style) Oooooh when the sun goes down we gonna be alright (yeah, the sun do shine, nigga) This is we, we're bigger than life (one hunnid) [Tyga] Uh, the city love me every night And you're waving to the fans it ain't hard to decide She know we fly, she pick a flight in no time I'll be by my own business, why you busy minding mine? You was on my level we both came from the ghetto And later were separated, we hate it, I'm glad you made it When your mountain top they say there's no where to go but down But I'll be chillin' just look around Perpendicular momma be straight forever Her crib about an hour, now she an out-of-towner Predicted it be better we change we change the game like quarters Two dimes together they high five until whatever I can mention your name but I rather keep it clever YMCMB I tell ya every letter She just wanna chill with a star feel Special no stressing no pressure, I'll bless you [Chorus: Chris Brown] This is we - we're bigger than life Bigger than life Bigger than life This is we - we're bigger than life Bigger than life Ooooh when the sun goes down it will be alright This is we - we're bigger than life [Birdman] Yeah, money on the grind, money on my mind Do it big time; Junior head line Big money nigga, hustle hundreds nigga Old school nigga, hundred mill nigga Chandelier lights, persian on the rug Roberta for the bitch, nine for the plug Counter hundred G's, fifty on the piece Cooking up some keys, flip it with some B's Yeah, everyday the same grind Up late nights nigga tryna flip mine Born to shine, plaques on every shelf Blind any whether nigga with the Smith and Wess (BLAAAT) Million on the whip nigga (sheeit) Gucci bag full of chips nigga Yeah and I got this game off the flow Movin' bricks on the low, hundred G's full of throne Yeah, Uptown off the mound nigga Shredded down put it down, put it in every town nigga (high life) Big money stay poppin' Uptown real nigga [Lil Wayne] Uh, smoking on the good Killing these hoes like Blair Underwood Dreads on the wind, blowin' like a ribbon Getting money like a bitch - umm, Robin Givens God is my chauffeur take to my destiny White girl, black girl, I call that referee I'm differently alive, bullshit aside Red flag in my pocket, I called it bullseye I ain't never gave fuck about another motherfucker Every night that I pray to god that I don't kill a undercover Word to my mother, give the world to my mother I swear when my momma dies, that's when I'mma die Fuck bitches get money, Young Money go hard Skate hard, big B's no honey Got that drop top Maybach, smelling like payback Payback, uhh... [Chris Brown] This is we - we're... Look around, is this where you wanna be? This shit bigger than life and we ain't gotta play around And when the sun comes up we gonna be alright Speak up on it baby I'mma get it alright Cause I want you to knooooow... [Chorus] w/ Chris Brown ad-libs [Birdman - over Hook] Stacks on deck; sun do shine, nigga I am my brother's keeper - BLAAAT~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rich Gang f/ Birdman, Lil Wayne & R. Kelly Album: Rich Gang Song: We Been On Typed by: Cedmaster3K [Chorus One: R. Kelly] + (Birdman) It ain't nothin but cigars, audemars Got too many foreigns, you need a passport to walk in my garage It ain't nothin', nigga, ain't nothin', nigga Take a lifetime to spend money this long, nigga, we been on (Uh, nigga, we been on, we done came up) (From them red cups to them gold bottles, livin' on islands, caked up, uh) It ain't nothin', nigga, ain't nothin', nigga (Stuntin' on niggas and taking their broads) [Chorus Two: R. Kelly] Okay, you know that we be in the club all night (night), throwin' up this money Got my niggas to my right (right), throwin' up this money Yeah these bitches know what I like (like), all about my money Gotta get this money; you talking 'bout nigga? We been on, yeah Nigga, we been on, yeah Nigga, we been on, yeah We been on, yeah... [R. Kelly] Okay, I'm getting high in this bitch, I'm O-mas in this bitch I'm taking shots in this bitch, call that O-net in this bitch I got my red cup in this bitch, yeah I'm turnt up in this bitch I say "fuck your dress code" I got my J's on in this bitch I'm ballin' hard in this bitch, I brought my A game to this bitch And I would take your girl but I got the baddest chick in this bitch And I got her up all night fuckin' her to my love songs She know she know all my love songs, smoke some [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [Birdman] Yeah, N-O... best out'chea, nigga Flamed up in this bitch, turnt up in this bitch GT gold bottles, make it rain up in this bitch Rich Gang up in this bitch, them thangs up in this bitch Five star, high life, she get a flight straight to some dick That tall model is my bitch, G5 for long trips Nicki Minaj, Paris Hilton like five up in this bitch AP a new whip, jets moving them bricks Show niggas how to flip hundreds, Italien on my shit [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [Lil Wayne] Uhh, I can't fuck with broke hoes, T-shirt white as yayo I pay these hoes no mind and your ho on my payroll I say fuck nigga don't say nothin, fuck nigga don't say nada All these niggas full of shit I just thank God they ain't pinatas Bitch, I'm too high in this bitch, I'm on shrooms in this bitch Got a question for Molly, do you remember our first kiss? Bitch, it's Tunechi up in this bitch a.k.a two rubbers Ain't turning down for nothin, it's nothin [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Lil Wayne Album: God Forgives, I Don't Song: 9 Piece Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {M-M-M-M-Maybach Music} [Rick Ross - Intro] (Lil Wayne) RUH!...(YMCMB)  RUH!.. As I look around, we the only niggaz with that A1 Perico UHH! [Chorus: Rick Ross] I'm smokin dope, I'm on my cell phone I'm sellin dope, straight off the iPhone He wanna quote, he talkin nine zones He bought fo', I front him five mo' Nine piece, straight eight balls MJG, bitch I got +8-Balls+ Nine piece, straight eight balls MJG, bitch I got +8-Balls+ [Rick Ross] Suave House, still independant Distribution Mexican, he still sendin No contract, take my word send a hundred packs bitch, them my birds (Uhhhhhh!!) Shoe box, no shoes in 'em in the two seater, me and two women (RO-SAY!) No Def Jam, went solo (solo!) Took the custy's prices so low [Lil Wayne] It's Lil Tunechi...Waddup doe? Im talkin white girl -- Marilyn Monroe And I can get 'em for the Sweet 16 HARD dope, call it HD flat-screen Fuck outta here, yo' shit water-whipped you got that tan dope, look like a Florida bitch Automatic leave 'em dead in the living room Get it~? Leave 'em dead in the +living+ room Fuck all these niggaz and tell them bitches to kiss my ass I put that pistol to his head and tell that nigga to have a blast FUCK you mean?! Im talkingkeys like Ray Charles Rack 'em up, pool table full of 8-balls Yah! [Rick Ross] Soft white, I got that G-mix! I'm goin gold, crumbs to the bricks (Uh!) I'm on the road, let's buy some NEW whips Trick a hundred hoes, spend a few chips (RO-SAY!) Nine piece, straight eight balls.. Bitch I'm blowin up like napalm (Whoo!) Gotcha bottom bitch goin A.W.O.L. Niggaz lookin at cha like you fell off NO SIR -- NOT ME! (NOT ME!) I'm double platinum just like my Ferrari Bullet proof, nigga Teflon Why you snortin that? That shit stepped on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Brisco, Lil Wayne Album: Port of Miami Song: I'm a G Typed by: TazzDvl25@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Uh I wear a gun like a gurdle Bullet proof car got me feeling like a turtle Shit these niggaz ain't satified till they get murdered You heard me Yea and I'm a G You don't know a muhfucking thing about me I tell you one muhfucking thing about me Bitches got so much money on me uhhh [Ross] I'm looking thug in the Bentley I gotta few slugs don't tempt me Cali put me up on the fur mats I'm a million dollar nigga let's confirm that I rep Kerr city out in vegas and the magic hundred thousand dollar bracelet More guns than The Matrix Neo, reload get your face twist cartel cocaine by the cases cartel more cars than the races AK's on the lere jet G4 Rick Ross I'm a real threat [Brisco] standing in the blue house, chopper in my right hand stomach growling and brisc gotta feed the fam I gotta meet the man, the man wit them kilograms he bout to get jam by the opalocka goon I found the needle in the hay stack put boys in and flood the streets I got my weight back now I'm known around day as the young don aint no bitch made pussy where I come from and them dicks ain't stopping shit eight pounds on the peak and bird feather on the wrist so far so hood move around hit his ass it ain't look so good now he leaving in the black bag he a roach the brisc be the black flag and dont leave your dope round me straight gutta foreal ask your homie bout me I'm a G [Lil Wayne] fat paper bag brown paper bag rubberband green paper cash fuck wih it get the laser tag Y'all niggaz better wave a flag, it is over I walk with a hand gun ride with a pump "vroom" it must be the coupe or something since I love her I'm a put some candy on that hoe I go topless no panty on that hoe see, y'all niggaz think its sweet sweet tooth niggaz get shot in the teeth, like that bwoy I got guns where guns ain't suppose to be you need to get a full dose of me I'm crack [Ross] niggaz know I'm millitant know who you dealing with fuck your pretty whip you niggaz ain't killing shit every bird I whip fucking every bird I'm with I'm your Makaveli sucker with a murder hit Y'all niggaz ain't trill (trill) Y'all niggaz know the deal (deal) Y'all niggaz wont deal (deal) what you talking is irrelevant this shit would leave a hole in a elephant (boom) so if I got it then I'm selling it need cheese cake like Fredrick your hear the ? think you not a predicate Rick in the seven-six six shot medal kit Ross Rosss! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Lil Wayne, Trick Daddy, Young Jeezy Album: Trilla Song: Luxury Tax Typed by: dcs10251980@yahoo.com [Lil Wayne] E-Class, I think we got a problem (JUSTICE LEAGUE!) Yeah! Big money in this bitch, if you didn't knew Big business, minus the business suit Even I look in the mirror like, "Is it you?" And I say, "I must be the hottest, if it isn't you!" Stay fresh from my top to my tennis shoes New coupe, no top, big tennis shoes Never slipping, even on the side of a swimming pool We don't get ridiculed, we get rid of fools! They said I couldn't play football, I was too small They said I couldn't play basketball, I wasn't tall They said I couldn't play baseball at all And now everyday of my life, I ball And they say you ain't great, 'til someone assassinate And I feel like MLK Yeah, +I Have A Dream+ to be your worst nightmare And now meet The Boss of The Cartel - ROSS! [Rick Ross] I'm a sinner, not Satan Sitting on Lorenzos and I seem really patient Picture the equation People taking pictures and they really getting flagrant Flagging down my spaceship, sergeant sniffing for a fragrance! Yayo! Yayo! He wanna' sniff the yayo! Flying saucer on the hasa, in the casa just to lay low Make more money man, that's the motto for the mob Need a blow-job - my motto, get a model for the job Go hard, no job - hustler, no prob Post up, nigga what? Finger-fuck your whole squad! Forty round extend-o, flip you for my kinfolk Luxury tax on them packs, if you didn't know (BOSS!) Bought a new crib, niggas feeling like I hid (NEVER!) 3.2, but I just did it for the kids! More guns than a pawnshop (YEAH!) Got my whole arm rocked Keep the 760, double-parked in the wrong spot Still +Hustlin'+ BOSS! [Lil Wayne] + (Young Jeezy) Yeah, you gotta pay for this I remember when I used to pray for this This, this is classic Some shit you might not see again And we taxin', you don't want it - nigga, leave it then! And we taxin', you don't want it - nigga, leave it then! And we ain't trying to see the pen Like a needle in a hay tack, we ain't trying to see the pin / pen (I don't ask them, baby - I just tax 'em, baby!) This is a luxury tax! (Let's go!) [Young Jeezy] Yeah, imagine this  no, imagine that! Gave me my sack like, "Good luck getting back!" (Yeah!) I'm like, "The fuck I'm gon' hide it at?" And if I'm not careful, be the same place they find it at (Haha!) And I'm a winner, if I make it across the finish line Putting food on the table like it's dinner time And this is what you call stereotyping about far? Can you tell me my your dog keep sniffing my car? (Huh?) Got the audacity to call me a liar So what you got in your trunk? Oh, just a spare tire! You niggas talked blow, while I sold mine Like a bad cramp, it's locking up in no time More time in the kitchen than I spent in the studio +Gangsta's Paradise+ and I ain't talking about Coolio Can't lie, still addicted to the odor Got a ice cold Pepsi, but still thinking Coca-Cola Haha! [Lil Wayne] Yeah, you gotta pay for this I remember when I used to pray for this This, this is classic Some shit you might not see again And we taxin', you don't want it - nigga, leave it then! And we taxin', you don't want it - nigga, leave it then! And we ain't trying to see the pen Like a needle in a haystack, we ain't trying to see the pin / pen This is a luxury tax! [Trick Daddy] I'm up early in the morning and I'm dressed in black Hold on! Every morning I get dressed in black! (Fact!) While y'all half-ass - nigga, my pants sagging I'm getting money and my swagger, black-flagging Million dollar status, fully automatic Heavy on the Henny and even harder on the women If it wasn't for Reverend, I'd probably would pimpin' and shit Pops, my papi - is already in me (in me!) Tried trapping, shit sent me to prison Got mad and went to snappin', so homicide came to visit I smell gun powder, so you got one hour To come up with every damn dollar - or you're done, dollar! It costs to ball, dog Especially when the players on your team consider you as the ball hog You treat me like Shaq and you Kobe But I ain't say you owe me, nigga! But act like you know me, nigga! [Lil Wayne] Yeah, you gotta pay for this I remember when I used to pray for this This, this is classic Some shit you might not see again And we taxin', you don't want it - nigga, leave it then! And we taxin', you don't want it - nigga, leave it then! And we ain't trying to see the pen Like a needle in a hay stack, we ain't trying to see the pin/pen This is a luxury tax! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Kanye West, Lil Wayne, T-Pain Album: Deeper Than Rap Song: Maybach Music 2 Typed by: ben.clemmons@gmail.com [Chorus: T-Pain] Realest shit I ever wrote, chilling in my Maybach Whatever I send out, homey I'ma make back (back) Can you believe it, you gotta see it Cause I don't plan on going broke, put that on my Maybach Cause I'm in it to win now, niggas can't take that Listen to my Maybach music, to my Maybach music [Kanye West] Martin Louie the King Jr, starting all that stunting is gon' ruin you If B.I. was alive, he'd prolly have the two-tone With the Grey Poupon, anything 'ye poop on Will explode, cause I am the shit and this is my commode Uh-oh there they go, talkin 'bout how your boy clothes extra tight I just remembered that my limelight extra bright I hit the strip club and girls get extra hype You hit the strip club and girls turn extra dike We know who not getting no sex tonight And a lap dance'll prolly be a blessing right So all the shit you talking, dead, coffin Like the weed, coughin, new crib, loft in Where it's at? Austin, Where is that? Texas What's in front? Benzes, What else? Lexus Well who's Maybach is this? Mr. West'es [Chorus: T-Pain] [Rick Ross] Boss Kush burn like petroleum, crib needs custodians Shades in all shades, these made irrodium Used to be the Oldsmo hoes call it oh lo Now I got so many horses bitches call me Polo 57 62* tell me how you wanna move Yea you know I got them both, beat your ass black and blue I was barely getting pretty women now I scoop Emmy winners like kitty litter Any winter Fendi denim like a slender nigga looking in the mirror I can see the real contender Selling reefer even Gregory I'm on my dinner so what the fuck is ya telling me other than your gender I'm a boss and I'm riding like a small vault niggas make your wheels and ride 'til they fall off Yea, Ross [Chorus: T-Pain] [Lil Wayne] Well alright! All black Maybach I'm sitting in the asshole classy as a mother still gutta like a bad bowl Benjamin Franklin on Ex how the cash room that's right the mills do like damn close I eat your meal too we don't feel you and we be strapping up like the Navy Seal do Sweet as banana split everytime I peel through fresher than Will Smith and Uncle Phil too Watching TV in the Maybach in traffic I'm on my feet like *Tough Actin' Tinactin* I'm running this shit you should try tackling Lil Wayne in one word, immaculate You see the Big, you see the Jay, the Tu-pack in him The Kurt Cobain, the Andre Three Stacks and then I'm back to doing shit like I do's in Maybach music [Chorus: T-Pain] **57 62 are Maymach models The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Birdman, Brisco, Busta Rhymes, DJ Bigga Rankin, DJ Drama, DJ Khaled,  Fat Joe, Flo Rida, Gorilla Zoe, Gun Play, Lil Wayne, Plies, R. Kelly, Torch, Webbie Album: Speedin' 12" Song: Speedin' (Remix) Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [DJ Khaled] Remix, Speedin' Remix, the movement I introduced you to the projects, I introduced you to the hood I introduced you to the ghet-to, I introduced you to Rick Ross The Boss is back, Trilla This the remix, Speedin' Remix (Ross got me Speedin' baby) We the best [Plies] This for all my goons, workin' on pills Speedin' to make me run in yo crib Put they 'opper behind yo ear Monkey suit, black mask, City Boy gear Slippin' got a lot of niggaz whacked this year Been up two days straight homie, no sleep Ridin' with choppers lurkin' fo' deep Jumpin' out on the first thing, look sweet Double 'stangs got the goons grittin' teeth Car full of throw away big boy heat Two brand new K's hangin' off seats Yeah it got me Speedin' all week [Birdman] G4 straight from the N.O. We get money, stay fly till the next show We got money, stay fly till we get mo' We got bitches, high rollin' with this cash flow Put the H in the hood Put a one on the good Put a slab on the wood Shit, me and Ross doin' good One hundred million dollars nigga, hangin' in the hood [Busta Rhymes] Check, I'm doin' donuts in the streets (Streets), pedal to the glass (Glass) My lord have Murcilago max on the dash Speedin' niggaz can't see me in the blink of a flash You got to slow motion to flick so you can see me when I pass You know just what to do when you see me give me my cash When I pull up drop the bags of bread then I'm doing a dash No confusion understand no gimmicks Duke is like the Autobahn, disregardin' the speed limits Fast life, fast broads, let's get it fast buddy Fast food, fast cars, we gettin' fast money Fuck the talk we been doin' this, heat it up And when you bringin' me my cake you better speed it up [Hook - R. Kelly with DJ Drama ad-libs] Fast life, I live, big cars, big cribs Speeeeed, Speedin' Speeeeed, I'm speedin' I can't stop it's all I know From a young'n I was taught to get dough Speeeeed, Speedin' Speeeeed, I'm speedin' [Webbie] It's all a big ricky in my brand new Bentley Doing a buck fifty finna to get another meal ticket I ain't bein' funny I don't see the competition Since a young'n get the money all I ever comprehended Business hall ass, ball 'til you fall yeah Y'all sit on y'all ass, now I see why y'all mad I'm leaving y'all ass, I ain't seein' y'all ass Ever cross that line I'm puttin' three in y'all face, speedin' [Gorilla Zoe] Seventeen five, god damn lie Country niggaz payin' damn near twenty five Who gon' pick 'em up, pick 'em up first flight Call Ricky Ross, hell yeah high five Throw them in the trunk (Trunk) I'll tape them to the fender (Fender) Scrapin' off the plate like a nigga's eatin' dinner I'm speedin' shorty you trippin' If you see the blue lights homie I'm dippin' [Fat Joe] Niggaz want hood rep the hood back Shit Joey the Don they call me Cook Crack If you look at 'em wrong you get it pushed back From rags to riches and never look back I'm watchin' pelicans fly me and Rick racin' Diddy on boats Throwin' money in the air and you niggaz is jokes New York, New York big city of dreams I'm a hustler baby I'm addicted to CREAM I'm talking money, cars, hoes, bitches Cap a damn suit let the feds take pictures Eighty eight pose just me and my niggaz Thank god for that white if you feelin' religious [Torch] I grew up on the crime side the New York time side Nickel and dimes to survive Fresh out the can, million dollar plans Tryin' to triple up that weed money Know'm sayin' Precise with the white pirates a job my job to make it hard Only way up out the hood rap, crack, or playin' ball Ain't nobody touchin' the plate if I ain't eatin' Fuck it hand me two twenty on the dash let me see it, Torch [Gun Play] Rest in peace Chad Butler, I'll see you when I get there But for now I'm doin' ninety in a cigarette with bitches Lookin' back on last year laughin' at the mirror I'm on TV, I look a little clearer You look a little worried, chill and come and smell the money in the bag I'm a crash, too many hundreds on the dash Killer come ride with me, know what I mean, holla at me Trilla, Gun Play, triple c I'm outta here [Hook - R. Kelly with DJ Bigga Rankin ad-libs] [Flo Rida] Flo Rida, I was born to digital dash I go ghetto miles per hour, no speed pass A Dale Earn knock out my momma pregnant as fast They said that he my daddy It's "Good Times" Junior NASCAR but in a caddy Speedin' this time the snitches won't tell I was MTV when the ball dropped playa Tila in my tequila before I struck out the twelve Big Apple with apple bottoms the haters can go to hell Number one on billboard, Mr. Rubber Band boy Like a boy-yoy-yoing, bounce back in my tom force Got the nitro in the Ford, Alicia Keys with the chords Fast cars, I want more [Brisco] I'm livin' life in the fast lane with no L's or brakes Why should I care about tomorrow when I'm doin' it today No insurance on the Chevy but it's OK Tell them catch me if they can while I'm speedin' away Ridin' H.O.V., I'm sprayin' nitrous so they can't see me See me I'm P.O.E. Everytime I come around And I would if I could but I can't slow down [Rick Ross] What they need just to give a nigga life Give him twenty years just to feed a nigga rice Put me in a hole just to let me see the light Cuz some niggaz out here free ain't even livin' right Five star G's, my car lease If we gotta eat puttin' H on the streets Heroin haven, heroin graven You would think I was a heroin baby It's a new year, new year, new money, money New Louie shoes and they cost a few hundred Left the tip case still bought them new Tommy's Got mo' scrilla for niggaz with new drama, Boss [Lil' Wayne] Young Money, hookin' up with Ross Top way back left foot up out the Porsche Right foot flat, I'm good up in the Porsche Err, there go Shaq tryin' to pull up on the Porsche But I burn that cop on my way to Opa-Locka Brisco holla back, I'll be at here in fact Like I left somethin' soon as I left somethin' Told me go to Damon's and just go and Weezy F somethin' Ferrari F run Lamborghini test run They call me weather man I make it rain and my chest sunny Yes honey I don't give a damn about the rest honey Cash Money, Young Money never ever less money All we do is get money, all we do is bet money All we do is let money, go and get money Now that's money, Young Weezy [*Beat stops*] Baby, ha ha And this was the remix baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Riff Raff f/ Lil Wayne Album: Karate Chop (Freestyle) Song: Karate Chop (Remix) Typed by: lcstyle@hotmail.com You know, it's just some real nigga shit, your real nigga story You know what I'm saying? Slang a bunch of narcotics Pull up in that new Rrari Living like John Gotti Chopping bricks like karate Drink a bunch of codeine Serving to the dope fiends Blowing money, stay clean Michael Jackson, Billy Jean Got a Panamera on a young nigga here Got a young bitch pulling up in a van Smoke a lot of kush and I have a lot of sex Had to beat the grind up, ran up my check Bitch, a nigga get money, nigga get that Hold up, brother run it, nigga sell up all the crack You can hear that nigga lying, hold up, what you want? I get bubble Maserati with the duffer, don't wanna look 50 thousand on your watch, damn nigga splurge Hold up ace of spade, 'bout to sip a coup of syrup Keep a young nigga working at a buzz a K I'mma take a phone call, busting every pay Slang a bunch of narcotics Pull up in that new rrari Living like John Gotti Chopping bricks like karate Drink a bunch of codeine Serving to the dope fiends Blowing money, stay clean Michael Jackson, Billy Jean I lift off, Lamborghini lip gloss Tropicana diamond cuffs cool my wrist off The wheels cold icy cuffs with the glossy chain The frosted flake tony tiger tangerine rain Gotta couple flips couple tricks under sleeve I can sneeze I can change the breeze to winter season Balling for no reason balling for the people I flew across Brazil with the bald eagle Here's the sequel: all back on the Buick Regal Both door handle sanded with the desert eagle Jody drankin sake bombs in the Kawasaki Awww shit look who it is: the white Mr. Miyagi Ice upon my chest they figured I played hockey (wayne gretsky) The way I drive the box Porsche, figured I was kin to rocky Slang a bunch of narcotics Pull up in that new rrari Living like John Gotti Chopping bricks like karate Drink a bunch of codeine Serving to the dope fiends Blowing money, stay clean Michael Jackson, Billy Jean Who bad? Pop a lot of pain pill Bout to put rims on my skateboard wheel Beat that pussy up like Emmitt Till Two cellphone ringing at the same time That's your hoe calling from two different phones Tell that bitch leave me the fuck alone See you fuck her wrong and I fuck her long I got a love/hate relationship with molly I rather pop an olly and my dick is a trolley Boy I bury you like holly They say I'm blind 'cause I don't see nothing wrong With a little bump and grind and I just received a package them other niggas taxing  and my pocket so fat I start to feel contractions And my cousin went to jail for them chickens And he already home, man, that nigga must be snitching Cut him off like karate Slang a bunch of narcotics Pull up in that new rrari Living like John Gotti Chopping bricks like karate Drink a bunch of codeine Serving to the dope fiends Blowing money stay clean Michael Jackson Billy Jean The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kevin Rudolf f/ Lil Wayne Album: In the City Song: Let it Rock Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Kevin Rudolf - Verse 1ne] I see your dir-ty face, high behind your collar What is done, in vain, truth is hard to swallow So you pray, to God, to justify the way you live a lie, live a lie, live a lie And you taaaaake yooooour time And you dooooo yoooour crime Well you maaaaade yoooour bed I'm in miiiiiiiiiiine... [Chours] Because when I, arrive, I-I bring the fire Make you come, alive, I can take you higher What this is, forgot? I must now remind you Let it rock, let it rock, let it rock! [Kevin Rudolf - Verse 2wo] Now the son's, disgraced, he who knew his father When he cursed, his name, turned and chased the dollar But it broke, his heart, so he stuck his middle finger TO THE WORLD, TO THE WORLD, TO THE WORLD! And you taaaaake yooooour time And you staaaand iiiiin line Well you'll geeeeet whaaaaaat's yours I got miiiiiiiiiiine... [Lil Wayne - Rap Verse] Yeaaaa-AAAAH! +Wayne's World+, +Planet Rock+ Panties drop, and the tops And she gon' rock 'til the camera stop I sing about angels like Angel-a (ROCK!) - And Pai-mela (ROCK!) - And Sam-antha (ROCK!) - And A-manda And T-amara - mnage a moi I'm, in here like, "Bitch, wassup" Me-chanic me, I can fix you up I can dick you up, I can dick you down Shawty we can go wherever just pick a town (whoo!) And my jewelry is louder than an engine sound Big ass rocks like on the ground Baby like sex that's on the ground ...Weezy [Chorus 2X] Just let it rock (rock!), let it rock (rock!), let it rock  LET IT ROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCK!!! LET IT ROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCK!!! [Lil Wayne] I'm back like I forgot sum'hin, I'm sum'hin Fluent in rock, rubbin, rap runnin miles like it's tryna get a flat stomach Like Wayne, the personal trainer My aim is perfect, I'll bang ya Period - like the remainder [Kevin Rudolf] AND I WISH I COULD BE, AS COOOOOOL AS YOOOOOU AND I WISH I COULD SAY, THE THIIIIIINGS YOOOOOU DO BUT I CAN'T AND I WON'T LIVE A LIE NO, NOT THIS TIME The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Santigold f/ Drake, Lil Wayne Album: Unstoppable 12" Song: Unstoppable (Remix) Typed by: oo70mar@mail.com [Drake] My name is Drizzy. And I ain't perfect But I work hard, so I deserve it And I belong, right where you see me Ain't on the fence about it, I ain't Mr. Feeney Nah, I got a decent set of manners And a job that fills up any empty schedule or planner And I fall in love with girls caught up in superficial glamour Who dress like Sarah Jessica and live like Princess Diana So often they have addictions and I'm the one that feed it But truly you bad enough that y'all don't really even need it You can show up at the party on dirty pub-a-lic transit And I guarantee the camera man will still be snapping candids Of you and your posse partying, drinking what you get handed Wit your Virgin Island tans, all looking like you just landed I don't really understand it, I'm not sure I comprehend it But these girls are having fun with whoever money they spending Screaming: [Chorus: Santigold] I got to be unstoppable, I got to be unstoppable Ey, ey, ey, ey, you don't like. (x2) [Lil Wayne] Uh, um My name is Weezy, I'm almost perfect And I work harder, than hard working Bizarre circus That's when the ball surface Therefore I act a clown Even when I'm laying on my back, I'm never backing down So overstand me I got a condo in Miami And my doormat is always sandy And I run Louisiana, but I never pulled a hammy And I got a condo in Atlanta And I always wear a bandana And when it comes down to stuntin You boys is just buntin And I'm swinging for the fence You girl hanging from my dick Your girl singin to my shit, like A la-la-lollipop She say I get that pussy wetter than a designer shop And she say I thick that pussy better, better than her gynecol-low-gist Hold this, text me on my wiry on some mo' dick Mo' dick Old bitch Young bitch But I be like, dam, all I got is fun dick [Chorus: Santigold] I got the talk, the beat and bass Gimme one, I take it make you lose your place Tell me, I-I-I, can't play so I speed up the pace I break it, break it, you can't stop me Any-uh-bass The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Scarface f/ Lil Wayne, T.I., UTP Album: Made Song: Big Dogg Status (Remix) Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Scarface] Ho! It's young 'Face, slanging yay everyday Heavyweight, got a bad bitch in every state On the grind non-stop till I touch this cake Mark ass niggas stay the fuck up out my way I'm a true OG, you can quote what I say I'm an H-town nigga from around the way Southside, Ridin' Dirty like I'm UGK Asshole by nature like my name was Trae And I don't gangbang, I patrol the game And what I'm representing here is putting holes in brains Before I say the same thing I'll be old and grey 'Fore I fall off and rap about my clothes and chains Gripping grain and popping trunks, dog but that ain't me These elbows hit the scene back in eighty-three I stay street, when it's done, that's that You could find me in your hood pumping monster crack I roll over rodents in Rovers with rims on 'em Sniffing out a rat I expose him and then dome him A lot of nigga's bitches, they claim that they OGs A straight up pussy and claims that he knows me You see I, putting out these DVDs Now my shit done hit the streets, he gots to squat the pee Got the Feds on his team so they watching me Mousetrap for a rat, pussy watch and see [Hook - Scarface] + {UTP} I've been straight {for a long time} Getting cake {for a long time} E&J {for a long time} Nigga {try to get like this!} I've been a G {for a long time} In the street {for a long time} Toting heat {for a long time} Nigga {try to get like this!} {I got big dog status} *8X* [T.I.] Hey I'm they fave They say fresher to bump bapes, but I ain't scared It's my pleasure to tell it right, don't think I ain't said Cause they got prices on my head homie, I don't slip Clips long as giraffe necks, that's why I don't trip Just open up and let it rip, ain't nothing new to a G Hey I ain't worried about these niggas till they shooting at me My partner died, daughter too, give excuses to me Still a buster ass rapper I'm refusing to be Scarface seem to say I'm the king, you a fool if you think There's another young new rapper dude out there cooler than me (Haha) I choose in the V, brand new with the beat I live a real life like I say I do in the beat Yo, true indeed, I do indeed Do it for the OG's and the true MC's Them busters say this year I got brand new and it's all phat Cut that fighting in the club, I'm done with all that Nigga ass out of line, well his ass getting wet Give a west side nigga ten stacks, that's that Oh, or maybe less as a matter of fact Nigga be testing the professor, what's the matter with cats? [Hook] [Lil Wayne] I've been doing this shit, nigga who are you? Lil nigga, I done seen keys bigger than you Lil nigga, you ain't know shit Cut off a nigga head, make him suck his own dick How the game go? Money over bitches and flowers over snitches Money over bitches and flowers over snitches Mr., Mr. Scarface, pistols into yard fish Mr., Mr. Scarface, pistols into yard fish Yeah! [Scarface] I came here to exercise my game Spread love to the hood is how I do my thang Smoking weed with my homies, barbeque them wangs Sip Hennesey and coke cause I don't fuck with drank Don't pop pills either cause that shit ain't cool We just drunk a mad Dom 'fore we went to school Flick off, back then I was smashing boys Jump wrong, you saw a nigga get his ass destroyed Same rules right now, I demand respect And if I slapped one hoe, then her man was next I'm a kick door robber, a hot-shot driver A crack rock slanging motherfucker for a dollar If you dare to be laid, then off in the Lincoln But if it ain't no way, then believe I'm finna take it Cause a nigga with no hustle, it ain't worth this G And a bitch like this is even worse than that I've been good at bullshitting but this game can cost And if a nigga can't maintain, mayne he lost He a nerd, and they fuck nerds in jail I heard And as a nigga, I come in here with my balls and my word [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Scarface f/ Bun B, Lil Wayne Album: Emeritus Song: Forgot About Me Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {"I know they miss yoooooou..." - Billy Paul} [Chorus: sampled from Billy Paul's "JUst a Prisoner"] It seems like every-BODY, everybody, everybody Everybody forgotten about me.. Will I ever, ever, EVER, be free? Huh, uh, HUH? [Lil Wayne - Verse 1ne] Just when they thought it was safe I picked up the phone and called it a day I bought a new car, caught a new case - fuck it The harder I walk, the ground shall shake Stompin, the harder I march, the ground will break I am, groundbreakin, like an earthquake, heh-heh Yeah, I run this shit, but I'll tackle it You want me to break it down, I'ma fracture it My mind is wanderin, I can't find it But ten times outta ten, my mind on the mon-ey Bandana around my head like I know karate And I'll wax a nigga's ass like Mister Miyagi And it ain't over 'til the fat lady sang And that bitch got a whole lot more weight to gain And call me by my new name (...What is that?) featuring Lil Wayne "It seems like every-BODY, everybody, everybody Everybody forgotten about me.. Will I ever, ever, ever, be free? Huh, uh, HUH" (My nigga, featuring Lil Wayne.. Came here to fuck with me tonight, shwaty) [Scarface - Verse 2wo] I am as, real as they come as hard as they get They go to talkin off the wall I put a par' in they shit I'm the o-riginal gangsta, I'll tell you how I do it I take niggaz from the jump when they step to me with that bullshit I am a fool, bitch, a native H-Town from the south side of Houston You're tuned to the sounds of a nigga, who don't give a fuck 'casue one way or the other I'm gon' still get mine, play the game, motherfucker The truth is in the building and I came tonight And I done sold so many records, change my name to life 'cause I can breathe into the hood, make it feel my pain And even though they try to change me, I remain the same And even if I did have that chrome-plated grill on my shit I come from out the motherfuckin bricks Now, never forget, where I come from, son I'm respected in these motherfuckin streets I run I'm Face "It seems like every-BODY, everybody, everybody Everybody forgotten about me.. Will I ever, ever, ever, be free? Huh, uh, HUH" (MY, NIGGA) [Bun B - Verse 3hree] It's Bun B, the nigga Mr. Swisher, and Mr. Flows Mr. Brick, Mr. Killer Grams Nigga, Mr. 'BOWS Mr. Slab, Mr. Candy Paint, nigga Mr. Dough and Mr. Eighty-fo', hatin hoe, we think yo' sister know When I hits the do', motherfuckers drop and kiss the flo' Light bulb flow, I glass shatter, transistors blow I'm the shit fo' sho! Roll wit it, bitch or {?} worm I'm hot in this heat, a head shot'll keep your perm burned It's my turn, I earn stripes and paid dues so Don't be surprised if I'm in a trap or own a new show I don't TRY snitch, sneak diss or even backdo' Balla block, a short stop or drop down in Fat, hoe (What!) I don't keep it a hunnid (huh), I keep it a thousand I'm hood, so I rep the hood, direct from the public housing (Manye!) I got it crunk like Obama in a 'Fesco Nuttin less than the best, hoe Nigga, let's go it's U.. "It seems like every-BODY, everybody, everybody (muthafuckin G..) Everybody forgotten about me..     (K, fo' LIFE!) Will I ever, ever, ever, be free?    (Long Live the Pimp!) Huh, uh, HUH" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Shawty Lo f/ Lil Wayne, Ludacris, Plies, Young Jeezy Album: Dey Know 12" Song: Dey Know (Remix) Typed by: NykeIzHot@Gmail.com [Verse 1: Shawty Lo] Yeeeaaaahhh Shawty Lo and the Big Cats Yeaaaahhhh It's the remix so bring ya top hat(eh) What ya talkin bout It's L-O I rap now it's rap skizzo Thirty bands... fo shizzo Eight balls same price as the kilo I'm a boss Handle My B-I And I got them same kinda guns like T.I. See I been that way since knee high Real dope boyz so you know I trap or Dizzi No lizzi I'm hizzi Like kells I believe I can flizzi And yeaaaahhhh I'll see you later BIG UPS... TO ALL MY HATERS! [Verse 2: Ludacris] Guard your woman dawg or I'll take her You'll hear her scream from College Park to Decatur I was a snotty nose with no paper Now my crib sittin on 22 acres(woooo) Get it right fool I gets money(yep) If you think Ludas not filthy you's a dummy(yep) I was allergic to the roof on tha cutty So I took the top off like a playboy bunny(whatup pops) Catch me pimpin in a robe and some slippers(oo) Ridin down 85 while I'm stuttin on my Gixer Mouth full of swishers or ridin with ya sister(wooo) and Six david beckhams or a trunk full of kickers(hahaha) Take a picture of the mister it'll last long And these haters get stretched out like a bad thong So partner mash on or get mashed up Think you can fuck with Luda then put a million of your cash up(hi) [Chorus: x4] L O L O Dey Know Dey Know [Verse 3: Young Jeezy] I'm in my cool whip insides jello Hop up out that pretty muthafucka like hello(hello)hello Ladies how you doin Dat nigga crazy girl don't say nothin 2 em(haha) Dey know dey know got white low low Rob who? Take What? (gun cocks) hello They know I give a fuck about them haterz(nope) Young jizzle been gettin paper(yeeeaaaahhh) Granite? wheels on da coup like savors Hit da club with 20 brawdz like flavor I'm on da top floor(floor) no neighbors Who u kiddin I get my 87's tailored [Verse 4: Plies] Went from two ounces to a mazarrati First rap check bought choppers for everybody Before they know what's under my shirt the glock 40 Get 25 a show next month I want 40 Born a real nigga but I die a goon Just bought a new choppa gon use it real soon Got the streets on lock homie I can't lose Put me anywhere I'm the realest nigga in the room(believe me) Take a look at me I'm what you call street approved Got a lot haters but even more tools I play dumb homie but neva been a fool Cut my dog off I heard he snitchin too(ha) [Chorus: x4] L O L O Dey Know Dey Know [Verse 5: Lil' Wayne] (HA) Now what I look like And if it ain't money then I don't look right And that don't sound right I swear you can get a full clip not a sound bit SU-WU gang and if you ain't with it then you in the food chain I'm in that wide body I'm a need two lanes Blue Seats white paint wetter than new rain Like a white person with blue bangs I keep a black glock red dot blue flame Feet hanging out the window jock my shoe game Cause all my kicks fly like lu kang Old player new game I'm focused I'm thinking like I got two brains I'm in my prime I feel like a new wayne How come there is two women but ain't no two waynes I don't know what you do but I do thangs It's Mr. every time you see me got a new chain My flow crazy I ain't too sane But I am thee shit & they just poop stain [Chorus: x4] L O L O Dey Know Dey Know Shawty LO Man... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slim Thug f/ Lil Wayne Album: Dirty Work 14: The Color Of Money Song: The Boss Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com (Sample in background through whole song) Bitch I'm the boss Bitch I'm-Bitch I'm the boss Bitch I'm the boss Bitch I'm the boss Bitch I'm-Bitch I'm the boss Boss-Bitch I'm the boss (Intro, Slim Thug) G'yea, Boss Hogg Outlawz G'yea, Slim Thugga G'yea (Kick-drums) Wuddup this ya boy Slim Thug the boss man And if y'all niggas need some motherfuckin hot beats Y'all holla at my nigga kick-drums, mayn, the production company They doin it real big (Kick-drums, uhh) (Verse 1, Slim Thug) When the boss hit the block Hoes "Drop it Like it's Hot" Cause his drop lookin good And his trunk got knock Gotta be up on the Vettes And be up on the watch Slim Thug on the flo' Turn it up another notch Cause I'm back in ya ear, nigga Back on the block Boss 2 'bout to drop So I'm back at the top Star-track connected Boys must respect it (Bitch I'm the boss) (Bitch I'm-Bitch I'm the boss-boss) Hold it down for Texas like it need to be done I do it for the green, you just do it for the fun Cause that bullshit'cha sayin, I ain't payin ya none I'm at the Astro's playhouse, parlayin' with Bun, uhh (Sample) (Verse 2, Lil Wayne) Yeah When I was 16 I bought my first Mercedes-Benz I must'a fucked a thousand bitches and her girlfriends White leather, hot new pair of rims Brand new pistol with a trigger like a hair-pin Big work, we don't need a scale man Big paper, say good-morning to the mail-man What'chu know 'bout puttin bricks in the spare, man? I can stuff a coupe, like a motherfuckin Caravan I'm in my zone, my farm is so rare man If there's a throne, you lookin at the chair-man How you want it? Show me my opponent =====Eats some chips, says next line with mouth full===== Throw me my opponent I'm still ballin, a bullet gotta get me And I never been a pussy, cause my hood'll never let me A made nigga, got made niggas with me I'm a motorcycle boy, so I'm bout to park a Bentley (Sample) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Smoked Outt Records f/ Baby, Lil' Wayne Album: Bussen Heads & Gettin' Paid Song: Bussen Heads & Gettin' Paid Typed by: IcebergRep757@cs.com [Baby] I'ma tell you once nigga I don't talk twice If you get down bad wit me nigga you gone loose yo life (?) and I'ma be a Uptown nigga fo life  When I pull my pistol fuck you nigga yo mom ain't rise you right Game tight, me and Lil Wheezy keep this rap shit tight Gone be a boss balla all my fuckin life  8 figga, million nigga and my game be tight Can't loose my hundreds cause this rap to hot [Lil' Wayne] Wassup, Boss B. You ever got beef with a busta, you can call me You know I keep a "blucka-blucka" Hit 'em all week Give me the keys to the bubble I'm on y'all street And watch it go up in flames boy Blow up tha game boy Throw up my chain boy Scream Cash Money and this is Lil Wayne boy If you want talk you die quick in tha dark We said we was gone ball till we fall it ain't my fault [Baby] Say Lil Wayne a nigga wanna offer me some real head Say lil daddy I got to have this fuckin real head Bad enough these white folks want to change tha game From lil to big to make it easier for the feds I don't sniff cause they know a nigga straight paid I keep my money round that Nolia that's where tha fuck I play [Lil' Wayne] If you know me from bussen you know I love trouble And if you know me from stuntin you know I love Bubble And if you really know me you know I ride at night I been thuggin since dry rice Wodie I ain't right I got my chopper in my trunk and my vest wit me I'm bout to go scoop up Lil Derrick out that STP [Smoked Outt Records Members] All I know is hustle fuck bein loaded and broke I like to ball in Seberban and drive a Lex Bubble Fuck gettin 20 dollars, I rather shine Ball till I fall, ride fly to I die Half a thing going for five Dog it's on, cut brick up sell in 18 zones Better get yo hustle on do what you gotta  Play with my feddie I'm commin at you with that chopper All day, all night ridin or walkin See when I spot you 50 shots you'll be my target Kill everything around shouldn't been around my target Bullets don't have no names niggas  If you lame you better back up out tha game nigga Tha diamonds "bling bling" they blind ya Tryna stick me for my paper "click click" they found ya buried  In tha million dollars, respect my whole click Smoked Outt, we be tha shit From 98 to 99 to 2006 I run wit Big Tymers  Paper Chasers and Rap Rhymers Big Tymers, 100 Thousand Dollars Car Driver Rim Shiners, Fuck gettin my noise dirty  Ya catch me survin Watchin TV's in tha Seberban It's real great, drinkin cristal by tha case Etin steaks, scorin keys, and sells is great I'm lovin that, Foot Locker and sports clubs I done brought For tha hoes that you sayin you love I done hit that And tha G's you sayin you makin I done been there and done that We Smoked Outt Black What you boys know bout that Beamer I got 99 sports car bullet proof drop top Smasin dashin up yo block You follow me look in the front 12 slugs on shine so you know I'm gone stunt My whole click bout drama, nothin but real G's From down south to over seas All about makin G's Nigga my click would out shine you any day Start ballin outta control ever since I learned to flip that yay Took tha advice from Lil (?) he said it's all about a dollar Hooked up wit Da'Shawn now them hoes be wantin to holla Artist: Stafford Brothers f/ Christina Milian, Lil Wayne Album: Hello (S) Song: Hello Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Christina Milian] Never... Never... [Christina Milian] I been lying here, staring at the wall Since I met you I've been so messed up, it's critical I want your everything, but you ain't giving back It's gettin deep now, it's gettin deep now I was crazy, so so naive too You mean everything to me But I mean nothing to you [Chorus: Christina Milian] Never shoulda said hello Never shoulda let my eyes turn back I was happy on my own I never shoulda said, said, said  Hello, hello, hello, hello... [Lil Wayne] Uh, smokin on some grass  Got me thinkin 'bout yo' ass Cain't believe it didn't last Ride or die, I guess we crashed Left me hangin and now I'm drinkin and I don't drink, but I'm no saint Broke my heart like I break, the bank Damn, gotta watch my love boat sank Whatchu think, yo' shit don't stink? Fuckin with you, now I gotta see a shrink I think about you more than I blink And we were so right, right/write like ink I think you want me like I want you Overall, like a jumpsuit You can count on me like one-two But you dropped me like a sunroof Fuck's up with that? I want yo' ass back So won't you pass back, and throw dat ass back Damn, and we don't even speak no mo' But you had me at, hello [Christina Milian] I been lying here, staring at the wall Since I met you I've been so messed up, it's c-c-c-critical I want your everything, but you ain't giving back It's gettin deep now... (deep now..) (YOUNG MULA, BAY-BAY!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Static/Major f/ Lil Wayne Album: Suppertime Song: I Got My (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com (w/ help from myspace.com/staticmajor) [Static/Major - Intro] Tip it, ah, ah, tip it good Ah, sip it, ah, sip it, sip it, sip it, sip it, sip it Tip it, ah, ah, tip it good [Lil Wayne] Hahah, let's roll, baby I got dem greens and dem yellows And dem purples in that purple And my +Duffle+ like I'm in a +Playaz Circle+ And homie youse a square that's why yo' girl in my circle When I be killin these hoes and she just another murder I should be arrested, I should be molested I told you I'm the best and that should not be contested Flow so sick, how could you not be infected? I got that dope dick, how could she not be injected? [Chorus: Static/Major] I got my, tailor made suit I got my, rims on shine I got my, goons in the cut I got my, ahhhhhhhh 'ey [Verse One] Party like a rockstar, Russian cut rocks yaw'll Yeah I got that gwap yaw'll, lookin for a hot broad.. ..and she can get knocked off Once we get our rocks off, it's a UPS drop off.. I'm ridin with the top off a/k/a Boss Hog, they said I was a lost cause NAWW! I'm ridin with the top off a/k/a Boss Hog, watch me brush them haters off I got my, tailor made suit I got my, rims on shine I got my, dobbs with the feather I got my, purple in the bag I got my, bottle on ice I got my, first class tickets I got my, goons in the cut I got my... block on hot, hey! [Verse Two] First I valet the car, check into my five-star.. Ho-tel, oh well I got five hunnid horses on fo' wheels and the ice around my neck'll give ya cold chills (chill) BRRRRR! a/k/a Eskimo Grew up on dixie loaf, but now it's just fillet mignon (non) Ah, I chase it with a lobster tail I insist I got the bill, I got the bi-yahye-yahye-ill [Bridge] We gon' play it like we at the fiesta I go in hard at the grand Casin-a Flippin chips to all my mamamitas ..let me see you shake your kiesta [Lil' Wayne] Check it, shawty do what I want Who I want, how I want The way I want, when I want Even when I don't and now I do So gimme you, all I want for you to do, and all I want for you to do, all I want for you to do is me, heh! So dig that, find a shovel dig that I say I'll just take the hit and you can take the weed back You can make 'em in fact, if you keep me intact, and I'll just play the friend, I got dem goons in the back HEY! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Strings f/ Hot Boys  Album: Black Widow  Song: Hey Ya  Typed by: CaTaShtRoPhE21@aol.com  [Juvenile] Can't you tell we about to take over the indusrty  And lock this motherfucka up like penitentiary  If u don't know nobody else you don't know C.M.B.  Me, Mannie Fresh, Lil' Wayne and Turk, Baby and B.G.  The H.B.'S with Strings on the cd-Its all gravy  Wait till you see us on TV I'm Juvenile it ain't hard for you to see me-a arrogant nigga  With golds on my front teeth, front teeth  [Turk] Always saggin' never catch me with a suit on  nigga I'm only 17 but you'll think that I'm grown  I'ma lil nigga 5'8 wit 2 slugs ready to kill niggas  Who give me mean mugs got niggas who down now ride wit me  Hit a block wit glocks and start a riot wit me  For Turk my nigga-Baby-drive change on your soldeirs  Got niggas all over knock your head of your shoulder  {Chorus}(Baby)2x  Hey Ya,Hey Ya,Hey Ya,Hey(Truly Beautiful)  Hey Ya,Hey Ya,Hey Ya(Truly Beautiful)  Hey Ya,Hey Ya,Hey Ya,Hey(Truly Beautiful)  Hey Ya...Hey Ya  [Lil' Wayne] Look,Look  Lets get the choppers we gettin ready to blow out the town  Keep everythang on the hush and dig the dope from the ground  We show up around things so we snow up the town  We go to cheat,couldn't eat and about go for an ounce  Leave us gettin down,we gettin then you know we going clown  Sip moette,crystal and sheat nigga we blow by the pound  We got the Big Tymers in here and they holdin it down  And Cash Money,Hot Boys we controllin it now  Say "Uh-Uh"  I know you done heard me got them thangs they cut raw  We lettin them birds flip they wing and fly "WHA"  Slim and Baby put me down wit a hundred  I get the fast money  I work for Cash Money  "HUH" y'all niggas can't come like dis I said "HUH"  We guerillas nigga 226 nigga what its about time  You feel my team CMB-the new American Dream believe that  {Chorus 2x}  [Strings] Blast it what blows on your ears comin quik when I rip  Fire lyrical blows,arrows and spears wit acid filled tips  Body bangin like folks my swords then blood or them crips  Scap in the Pactsey wit the hat tip  in the middle of my lips and my hips  cause you want this I take custody of yo spotlight  And yo chips caue you not tight like dicks wit ghonorea  I drip and its hot right on a hot night  While you chickens in a cock fight I scab a hoes  Like scatch right Marina A.K.A. Strings,Reighn Supreme  Rap and sing 7th to the dome no block or shades  Sway Cash Money Collaborate  Like Cast or Troy "you wanna face off-like strippers I'ma take off  Stop dis,not dis cause I got dis nigga and I'm a hot shit  Hot Boys And Juvenile my wordies help me say dis shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Keith Sweat f/ Lil' Wayne Album: Didn't See Me Coming Song: Why U Treat Me So Cold? Typed by: TwstdFlava@aol.com 1 - Why you treat me cold, cold, cold, cold?  Why you do me wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong?  I was doin' what I had to do  And what I did was for me and you Girl, you know I did my time All I had was you on my mind Two years is a long time I nearly almost lost my mind Counted every day that went by Couldn't wait to see the look in your eye All I thought about was loving you See a man had to do what a man had to do Repeat 1 Repeat 1 Girl, don't you know that things got hard I could not stand bein' apart Questioned whether your love was true Was somebody else loving you? Now I'm knockin' at your door You tellin' me you don't want me no more What the hell am I to do? See a man had to do what a man had to do Repeat 1 Repeat 1 Repeat 1 Girl, can't you see what you're doin' to me? Is this the way you want things to be? Gave you everything that I have You treat me so cold, you treat me so bad Girl, can't you see you're killin' me? Is this the way you want things to be? My mind is so damn confused Tell me what am I to do? [Lil' Wayne] I was on the grind movin' bricks You was tryin' to bring me back  To nickels and dimes, you had to quit I was servin' it Ready to ride or die behind my partner Ready to slang that nine at any time Cuz I'm a rider Nigga know, Lil' Wayne Get down and dirty for this cheddar And for me to let a broad interfere, nigga never I was taught better than that Slim and Baby gave me the ropes And Rabbit taught me the game And if you think I'm gon' let go Then you can catch up with your thang It ain't gon' happen Repeat 1 to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Swizz Beatz f/ 2 Chainz, Lil Wayne, Nicki Minaj & Rick Ross Album: Hands Up (S) Song: Hands Up  Typed by: Cedmaster3K [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] + {female} (WOO!) All they talk about is dollars  (DAMN!) You ain't talkin' to man, holla! Two doors in the air And if you celebrating put your cups in the air {Let me see your hands up one time} {Let me see your, let me see your hands up one time} {Let me see your, let me see your hands up, hands up, hands up} {Let me see your hands up, hands up, hands up} [Lil Wayne] Uh, pass that weed to a real nigga Your girl is my biggest fan, windmill nigga Lil Tunechi in this bitch, where my skateboard? I jack a nigga queen, I don't play cards Let me see your hands up like a gun in your face Gimme her combination I'mma put my tongue in her safe And if the time is wasted I'mma clean it up like a maid Make your woman a slave, Weezy F is the grade Bitches sweatin' me like they been in the desert for days They say the best kept secret is kept in the grave New coupe is a dog, no roof on it Diamond sparkle in my mouth, bluetooth homie Yeah to say the least, Swizz this beat is a beast And my homies got that work, they +Alicia+'n them +Keys+ (WOO!) Hands up in the air like we don't care And that TrukFit shit is all we wear [Nicki Minaj] Mmm, uh, mmm, aiyyo Pass the crown to the real queen You know the girl get it poppin' like a pill fiend I got little bunny rabbits in my backyard So fuck a funny style fraud, tryna act hard Uhn, you my son, no daddy you a bast-ard Plus you got mad miles on your vag card Nah, I can't work with none of them They talk slick and wondering why I be son'n them I said bitch I'm a mogul, yes I am global I don't do Barnes but yes I am noble Every interview yes I am their focal, point But I don't give a fluck, boink A-A-Ain't going no where like horses in a stable Bitch I'm in the mansion, flossin', clickin' cable N-N-Now where my bad bitches? W-W-Where #PrettyGang T-T-T-Twerk that ass and let dem titties hang [Rick Ross] Rosay! {M-M-Maybach Music} Tatted like a Navajo, she lookin' half Cherokee (woo!) Roll down on her when I used to have a Cherokee Now it's Bugattis, haters keep gettin' bodied Talkin' can't breathe, hoodlums all in your lobby I can tell by your shoes that your ponytail new (new) Tell how you move, I see your Summer Jam too (too) Tell by the jewels, I'm a hundred grand dude (dude) Really a lot more, I'm talkin' channel 4 news (WOO!) Blocka they better duck, bullet-proofin' the truck (hah) Crossin' the power circle the nigga ran out of luck Ridin' in the Rolls, yeah you know it's that don (don) New crib lookin' like Kim Dotcom (HUH) [Chorus] - first half only [2 Chainz] Yeah.. 2 Chainz! You know I'm bout it, whenever, wherever I'm smoking on strong, this is that steroid era Got my leather on lookin' like Thunderdome I got your girl at home, she got that Thunderdome Let me see you touch the clouds, we could shut it down From the Dirty South, muzzle on my mouth ROOF! I'm a dog, I'm in it I pick your girl up like it's a fuckin' calisthenic (whoa!) If she throw it at me I'mma catch it Let me see you pat your weave if you ratchet I see you do your thing when you dancin' Now let me see you do your thing on the mattress [Chorus] - 1.5X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Swizz Beatz f/ Jadakiss, Lil Wayne, R. Kelly Album: One Man Band Man Song: It's Me Bitches (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro: Lil Wayne] (Swizz Beatz) Voulez vous coucher avec moi bitches!!! (Showtime!!!) [R. Kelly] (Swizz Beatz) Re! remix! (You know what time it is right?) Re! re-remix! (It's showtime!!!) Re! remix! (You know what time it is right?) Remix! (Grab your steerin wheel) [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] (Swizz Beatz) (Chillin in my Beemer) Sittin in my Phantom (Listenin to Ether) Listenin to the anthem Weezy the badman, one man band man The girl with me cell phone she don't answer He's so sweet make her wanna lick the rapper (This is the remix!!!) So I let her lick the rapper She take care of me all my homeboys after Jumpoff!!! Jumpoff!!! The girl is a jumpoff!!! I let her snort a mountain and she just jumped off Jumpoff!!! Jumpoff!!! You know she a jumpoff Pull my dick out and watch her jump on jumpoff You make it so hard when it's all so basic Chevy grill lookin like a set of new braces Southside baby, we outside baby Smokin on the spinach like Popeye baby 'J'adore ah les femmes', yeah I love my riches 'bonjour' money and 'au revoir' bitches  'Geant ou petite', we do it the biggest and new nae rats mean we ain't snitches  Now can ya tell me how good my French is: "voulez-vous coucher avec moi bitches?" [Bridge: R. Kelly] (Swizz Beatz) Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!! (Ok, now time to bring the big boy out, Kells!!!) [Verse 2: R. Kelly] Hi hi nice to meet ya, it's Kells the freaker Mr. Bump N Grind Mr. song of the weeker R&B singer, Mr. defeater Sixteen years and still comin through your speaker Mr. Pied Piper bitch I'm on fire Don't trust me I'm a Billboard shyster I got Dreamgirls, what you 'gon do Got them chicks singin "And I am tellin you!" Up in the club, flossin like a don Album 'bout to drop so you bitches better run Makin them moan while havin sex to the song After sex, I beat my chest like I'm King Kong Ice so cleared out everybody move Haters on D, I'm 'bout to take these fools Everytime I shoot a shot it's like SWIZZ!!! Everytime I shoot a shot it's like SWIZZ!!! Everytime I shoot a shot it's like SWIZZ!!! I'm in the buildin and I'm lookin for a BITCH Walk out the studio man it's a HIT Back in the studio and do the REMIX I'm in the Mark 5 with a bad CHICK Hop out five paparazzi goin CLICK Come on!!! [Bridge: Swizz Beatz] Hold up, wait a minute!!! (I'm back off vacation!!!) Hold up, wait a minute!!! (You know what I was doin!!!) [Verse 3: Swizz Beatz] Chillin in the Beeza, wit my mama mia She smokin on cohiba, on my sun seater For those of you who don't know that's just a yacht with a deck You talk about your cars, what you got up on ya neck I showed you my portfolio, straight disrespect The rims in, the spot they ask "you couldn't write a check?" noo! You better think about it, yeah you better think about it You betta hit the damn bar and get a drink up out it I'm straight loco, don't care bout no popo Only big weight, what you think I roll wit Joe for Wanna talk crazy, go and meet my fo fo Ra! ra! ra! ra! .. There go that popo J-jam in that Enzo! J-jam in that Spider J-jam in that G4, Bet you can't catch me though Double Z's on that whip, put the grease on her lips Took her to the mine come and threw the D on that bitch [Bridge: Swizz Beatz] Freeze... You know who it is.. It's me bitches! [Verse 4: Jadakiss] Takin' ova, the wait is ova We bringing it back like baking soda I don't stop squeezing till ya face is over I'll be on vacation till the case is over Bottles everywhere, club full of women Gucci sneaks, A good cuff on a denim A few birds to look out the free peaches You cock suckers know who it is, it's me bitches! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Swizz Beatz f/ Lil Wayne Album: Up in the Club 12" Song: Up in the Club Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Sample courtesy of "I Wanna Rock" by Luke] Don't don't don't stop stop Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get!!!!!! [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] (Lil Wayne) (* Sample courtesy of "I Wanna Rock" by Luke) She said she'll take it all off, up in the cluuuuuubbbbbbbbbbbb!!!! (And I told her) (*Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) (*Don't don't don't stop stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) [Verse One: Swizz Beatz] Bounce! I'm somethin like a phenomenon The steerin wheel cost a mill that my arm is on I don't tell no time so my time is wrong I just use it for a settin for diamonds on Listen pull up to the club and make the whole club STOP (STOP) Now go to the floor and make the whole club DROP (DROP) And tell the DJ I ain't never 'gon STOP (STOP) And anything here you ain't never 'gon cop Listen, peek-a-boo when I'm speakin at you And her Victoria's Secrets that I'm seein through You say that's your girlfriend are you meetin her too? You say you want more fun with me and my crew, come on!!! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] (Swizz Beatz) (* Sample courtesy of "I Wanna Rock" by Luke) She want to take it all off, up in the cluuuuuubbbbbbbbbbbb!!!! (And I told her) (*Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) (*Don't don't don't stop stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) [Swizz Beatz] (Lil Wayne) (* Sample courtesy of "I Wanna Rock" by Luke) She said she'll take it all off, up in the cluuuuuubbbbbbbbbbbb!!!! (And I told her) (*Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) (*Don't don't don't stop stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) [Verse Two: Swizz Beatz] I am, up in the club, my liquors in here  My cars in the club, 'cause I don't really care My doors in the air, cause we up in here HERE, HERE, HERE - oh yeah! Sittin in the back, got ten stacks on lap  She said that thang look like the grill of a Cadillac Naw, that's just the way my money laps Yeah, now girl can you make ya ass clap? {*clapping*} RUGH!! My swagger's crazy  She got her ass up, like "Can I have your baby?" I sat her ass down like, "Naw, girl are you crazy? GETCHO' hand out my pocket! You gets no gravy!!" [Chorus: Lil Wayne] (Swizz Beatz) (* Sample courtesy of "I Wanna Rock" by Luke) She want to take it all off, up in the cluuuuuubbbbbbbbbbbb!!!! (And I told her) (*Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) (*Don't don't don't stop stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) [Swizz Beatz] (Lil Wayne) (* Sample courtesy of "I Wanna Rock" by Luke) She said she'll take it all off, up in the cluuuuuubbbbbbbbbbbb!!!! (And I told her) (*Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) (*Don't don't don't stop stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) [Verse Three: Lil Wayne] Yeah, she wants to take it all offf...up in the cluuuuuuub.... Ehuheheh...And I told her... Oh! She feelin herself  But wit'out me that feelin's unfelt She get loose, she loosin her belt  She get loose, she loosin herself Drink that drank befo' the ice melt And she don't want no water! She ain't Mike Phelps! I'm like, "Baby, how could I help?"  And she go and tell her friends how good I felt, yeah! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] (* Sample courtesy of "I Wanna Rock" by Luke) She want to take it all off, up in the cluuuuuubbbbbbbbbbbb!!!! Heeeeey....And I told her (*Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) (*Don't don't don't stop stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) [Swizz Beatz] (* Sample courtesy of "I Wanna Rock" by Luke) She said she'll take it all off, up in the cluuuuuubbbbbbbbbbbb!!!!...And I told her (*Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) (*Don't don't don't stop stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Swizz Beatz f/ Busta Rhymes, Cross, Lil Wayne Album: Up in the Club (DJ Tedmooth Remix) 12" Song: Up in the Club (DJ Tedsmooth Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Swizz Beatz] You know we had to do the clubremix right!!!! It's on fire tonight! Tedsmooth stop playin with 'em man!!!! SWIZZY!!!! COME ON!!!!!! [ Sample courtesy of "I Wanna Rock" by Luke] Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't don't don't stop stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't stop stop Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get!!!!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't don't don't stop stop, GET IT GET IT!!! [Swizz Beatz]: You might have to put your drinks down for this one [DJ Tedsmooth]: Tedsmooth! Straight Face! You remember!!!!! [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] (Lil Wayne) (* Sample courtesy of "I Wanna Rock" by Luke) She said she'll take it all off, up in the cluuuuuubbbbbbbbbbbb!!!! (And I told her) (*Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) (*Don't don't don't stop stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) [Verse One: Swizz Beatz] Bounce! I'm somethin like a phenomenon The steerin wheel cost a mill that my arm is on I don't tell no time cause my time is wrong I just use it for a settin for diamonds on Listen pull up to the club and make the whole club STOP (STOP) Now go to the floor and make the whole club DROP (DROP) And tell the DJ I ain't never 'gon STOP (STOP) And anything here you ain't never 'gon cop Listen, peek-a-boo when I'm speakin at you And her Victoria's Secrets that I'm seein through You say that's your girlfriend are you meetin her too? You say you want more fun with me and my crew, come on!!! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] (Swizz Beatz) (* Sample courtesy of "I Wanna Rock" by Luke) She want to take it all off, up in the cluuuuuubbbbbbbbbbbb!!!! (And I told her) (*Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) (*Don't don't don't stop stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) [Bridge: Sample courtesy of "I Wanna Rock" by Luke] Don't don't don't stop stop Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get!!!!!! Don't don't don't stop stop Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get!!!!!! [Verse Two: Busta Rhymes] (Swizz Beatz) Yo, I wanna rock right now (BUS!!) Bussa Bus and I came to wear the crown (HO!) I told niggas to get down or lay down (HO!) While I bag bitches from New York to K-Town (HO!) Gilette razor sharp, bitch, you never see me sloppy (HO!) No matter wht you try to do, you can't stop me (C'mon Bus!) If you know what's good for you homie - walk, nigga walk (Hands up!) While I come through, when I give you boss, nigga talk As you can see, I'm only here to flood more drugs (yeah) Through every hood watch a nigga RUN every plugs (You remember!) [Chorus: Lil Wayne] (Swizz Beatz) (* Sample courtesy of "I Wanna Rock" by Luke) She want to take it all off, up in the cluuuuuubbbbbbbbbbbb!!!! (And I told her) (*Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) (*Don't don't don't stop stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) [Verse Three: Lil Wayne] (Swizz Beatz) Yeah, she wants to take it all offf...up in the cluuuuuuub.... (You can do the Wop to this!) Ehuheheh...And I told her... (Wayne!) Oh! She feelin herself  But wit'out me that feelin's unfelt She get loose, she loosin her belt  She get loose, she loosin herself (GEt loose, hey!) Drink that drank befo' the ice melt And she don't want no water! She ain't Mike Phelps! (Nope!) I'm like, "Baby, how could I help?" (Hey!) And she go and tell her friends how good I felt, yeah! (Sing it Wayne!) [Chorus: Lil Wayne] (Swizz Beatz) (* Sample courtesy of "I Wanna Rock" by Luke) She want to take it all off, up in the cluuuuuubbbbbbbbbbbb!!!! (And I told her) (*Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) (*Don't don't don't stop stop, GET IT GET IT!!! Don't, stop, GET IT GET IT!!!) [Bridge: Swizz Beatz] (Part of Swizz Beatz chorus) (She said she'll take it all off.......) Ted take the hook out, take the hook out, take the hook out I go by the name of Swizzy, I got my homeboy Cross from Harlem He 'gon talk to y'all, FREEZE!!!!!!!! [Verse Four: Cross] (Swizz Beatz] Mama, shake it, but don't break it All the girls give it to me, I don't chase it (HO!) I got ones, now all my money need a face lift (HARLEM!!) Cars in the garage, chicks pullin menage Kid need a massage, grindin so large Swizzy, Cross, and Bus, now call up Weezy I rep the streets, that's why they feed me You ain't seen Harlem, 'til I'm on TV Now let me see you Dougie (Dougie), let me see you Wop Now do the Luke for me, and let ya rump pop Non-stop, action baby When they hear this in the club then they gon' go crazy (to the flo!) I don't like when they lay there and act all lazy 'til I put love in them den they act all crazy Blowin up my phone like a bill collector When I hit her like Jody, she gon cook me breakfast [Swizz Beatz: Outro] I wanna rock right... I wanna rock right...{*music fades*] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tear Da Club Up Thugs f/ Big Tymers, Hot Boys Album: CrazyNDaLazDayz Song: Hypnotize Cash Money Typed by: Jimdiggity@aol.com {Juvenile} How you love this playboy? This one here bezzled out.  With the Hot Boys and the Tear da Club up Thugs. {Manny Fresh} Nigga like thiiiiiis. {Baby} Ridin on twenties. Memphis and New Orleans we gonna show you how we do this. {DJ Paul} Y'all Know the motherfuckin score bitch. y'all boys y'all boys ain't ready for this  Hot Boys Hot Boys gunnin with the Three 6  40 Cal. in my draws runnin from them laws  a clip is rolled in my sock, im hoping that I don't fall  I'm certainly hittin corners, hittin gates, shit is dirty, plenty tight  leapin tall buildings in a single bounce feelin ceiling lights  hear me this if I go I better go in style  but in Tennessee another bugged out nigga stunts {B.G.} fuckin with me huh? you fuckin with the wrong one  that fire spit from my K have your wig cooked when im done {Lil Wayne} now hold up B-Geezy, what seems to be the blood clot?  is it enough for me to go shoot up them drug spot? {B.G.} Lil killa Weezay, they drug spot is fuckin up a nigga cheezay  get em out and shut that bitch down  {Lil Wayne} huh? well lets ride nigga  we gettin high realize they all die nigga  them Hot Boys started ridin {B.G.} we gonna fire nigga wet em real good  wave your hand rid-a-bye-bye-bye nigga  shut down they hood and shoot they streets on both sides nigga {Lil Wayne} we the Hot B. lighters  ridin at nighters in two red Vipers {B.G.} they gonna expect two snipers splittin heads like this  puttin they clique in a blender bustin gats like this {Lil Wayne} full of that danger in all black like this  and if a nigga want some more then we be back like this, what? {Lord Infamous} Sosate Lord cause the war competors come on irregular  intruders face these barracudas hunt you nigga predators  double barrel bust that warned them now they surely scared of us  seriously we party stay out the streets or face the territory  cowards of the hour sickened by my tower flower power  shower and devour face the boom boom boom power  Tear da Club up Thugs kickin it with the Hot Boys  cause our weapons weigh a ton and we came to bring the noise bitch {Turk} I'll wet a nigga block for anything me and my Hot Boy clique  quick to dress in all black and drop a nigga like shit two time on a thug nigga, bout it since my younger days  been pullin triggers, been runnin thru the hallways  playin it raw sparkin at anytime  any place any where with my fuckin 9 I got an army of niggas with automatic gats  bout splittin head ass niggas Craig, Ron, and Randy Hot Boys and Three 6 they teamed up realer  wanna start beef its a must we freeze it up realer {Juvenile} real clangly trigger, and you a nigga now who did it?  motherfucker no stomach they too scary to admit it  rearview mirror fucked up so I cant see when they coming  yesterday I got spooked out and drewed out on an old woman  I told the lady "Look im sorry Miss I knew I was wrong,  but you came so fuckin close to me I thought it was on."  thats why my partners is gone they done seen an evil approaching and a nigga got em if it was me I would have smoked him  lets stop all this nonsense cause they couldn't catch Lil Duane  y'all motherfuckers think a syringe in this man  shit if hammers in tap-ons don't even worry bout it thugsta  left em in the garbage expectin they'll find an inner city youngsta  I'm an all around hustla get paid in many ways  knew a Dre to get played, had a connection with Yah  once before I went in a house and killed four  hit the nigga for dirty hoes that he kept under the floor  now im with the Three 6 mob pushin them Burbs  niggas done made a come up Hot Boys from the 3rd {Juicy J} its the Juice comin up out the dark from apart  North Memphis niggas always heart and we start  shit with these motherfuckin haters we ain't no traders  bustin hustlas and some G's chasers about that paper  pass that weed if you a friend of me  usually punk tricks kill a fifth of Hennesey  and get bucked wild in the club thats how we be  all you gang niggas throw them thangs and show them teeth  its on {Baby} niggas be sizin niggas ridin I'll sign on niggas  but I'll die for a few niggas: Suga Slim, Manny, and my Hot Boy Clique,  never forget my B.G. cause I know he'll kill a nigga more for me bitch  but today im with Three 6 and im showin love  where these Tennessee hoe suck dick till they see blood  wearin my black glove, in case I gotta bust a niggas head cuz  niggas buyin Bentlies on dubs, TV's with VC's is a must  automatic strap plus, and keep my soldiers on my feet no matter what  Juve got four and B.G. got ten, while my thirty-two golds nigga we all in  Turk got the red beam team, double R Rolls Royce showin love  went to Miami and bought a Lambergini on dubs  niggas ridin buttons to show these hoes we worth somethin  and my baby momma the bitch play too many games  said she was takin pills now she pregnant again  but its all gravy baby  and my children gonna be strapped if im blind deaf or crazy baby  playboy you can believe that  {B.G.} How you luv it now playboy? Manny Fresh on the motherfuckin tracks boy. {DJ Paul} Yo yo yo Hypnotized motherfuckin Mindz productions up in here you heard me?  Hot Boys with Three motherfuckin 6 bitch {echoes} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko, Lil Wayne, T-Pain Album: All 6's and 7's Song: Fuck Food Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [T-Pain] Yeah, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh Yeah, yeaaah (can you see?) Oh-oh-oh (she's mine), oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh (she's mine) [Tech N9ne] + (T-Pain) Yum, a stick of 5 gum is the taste on my tongue But for the right one, I'll spit it out and place her right on The night's young, meaning we minus the bright sun and I'm numb like I'm inside 'em like white on a ripe bun Like that one, baby stacked with a fat one Action-packed with a rack and little bit of that 'gnac, she's passed done Got a thirty-six pack of Magnums, I'm Vlad and I'll bag 'em Put a bitch in a sack and bring her back and then I gotta go and leave a lash from the passion (I'm crazy) Sick as hell for the ladies They don't give a damn that I'm manic, even though I'm so shady Baby girl, but don't play me, I ain't tryna have no babies But baby, you braised and so savory Wanna excite ya, ignite the fight, so honey taunt me I just wanna bite you and watch you drip out Romanee-Conti That's eleven Gs, angel from Heaven, she's seven threes, hot egg and cheese for Pain, Tech and Weez' [Chorus: T-Pain] I know what you saying, but you know I ain't playing Tryna get my dick sucked through my jeans, and oh-oh-oh (Girls sure look like fuck food to me  Girls-girls sure look like fuck food to me) Yeah, spin the booty round, drop it to the ground Let it make a sound, d-do it baby Do it like that, let me see the kitty cat Let me hit it from the back, foot up baby, oh (Girls sure look like fuck food to me  Girls-girls sure look like fuck food to me) Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh [Lil Wayne] Uh, now put that pussy on my lip and dip Yeah, let's make a movie, I'ma flip the script Yeah, I wax that ass like a Q-Tip Yeah, float in that pussy like a cruise ship Uh, cause I'm a nasty motherfucker Yeah, I eat that pussy like the last supper Yeah, I beat that pussy like brass knuckles Heh, she call me daddy and she scream uncle Open up and spread, I'm pulling her hair, she pulling my dreads I'm breaking her off, we breaking the bed Fuck her like a dog, she shaking her leg I'm killing it soft, I'm making it red I'm making her talk, I'm making her beg I'm making her crawl, I'm making her run I'm making it numb, I'm making it cum I am Young Weezy F. Baby She wish she could make a copy of my dick and save it (haha) Now close your mouth, don't waste it I got that fuck food baby, come taste it, Tunechi! [Tech N9ne] + (Lil Wayne) When I get my mittens on this kitten she'll be bitten, then she missing Cause she fucked up and let the Tech in, cancelled all of her ex-men If you think you got it nigga, say it with your chest then I'm gon' be your sex friend, ripping off her dress then nibbling on her neck and I'm making her wet with no question Yeah, animal magnetism, the sadomasochism Got way more cash to give 'em, but they don't ask just twist 'em I don't have to give 'em stacks for me to mash within 'em I'm they master, hit 'em with a lash and a nigga fast to stick 'em Ay, and I like 'em all colors, multi-mack can make 'em all love us and make 'em do all of us, and we don't be tripping on it cause we all brothers Y'all slippers if y'all be tripping over broads, fuck it the policy, he keep his cards shuffled The bitch will wanna let her jaws touch us, jaw crushers Anybody outside don't get much news from me cause I get it in but I keep it on the hush (who's the G?) This rush, you agree, this is stuff dude for fee But the girls sure (look like fuck food to me, ay!) [Krizz Kaliko] I don't know what you feel, I don't know what you think I don't know what you see, my nigga (But girls sure look like fuck food to me  Girls-girls sure look like fuck food to me) [Krizz Kaliko] + (T-Pain) Now you see what I see The lady's mine, mine, mine, mine, mine Are you seeing what I see? (Can you see?) The lady's mine (she's mine), mine, mine, mine, mine (she's mine) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Lil Wayne Album: Trouble Man Song: Ball Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [T.I.] Okay we walk off in this bitch, ballin in this bitch Hoppin out of Lambos and Ferraris in this bitch Poppin bottles with a thick red supermodel bitch They may talk a lot of that, but they cant do al ot of this Ayyy, Rico told me turn the lights on So I grab the Audemar and threw the ice on I'm, big dawg, got 'em pissed off A lot of niggaz rappin, ain't none this raw They like "Ay look at T.I., ballin in the V.I. Bunch of bad bitches with a looking like Aaliyah" We just pull up, hop out, go in and show out Buy the whole bar, pop bottles go hard This club so packed, these hoes so drunk {*3X*} I got a bottle, got a model, got a molly, got a blunt Ball {*12X*} I got a bottle, got a model, got a molly, got a blunt [T.I.] The club full of bad bitches and they came to play Okay it must be your hair cause it ain't your face Now if you looking for them bottles and them stacks girl You make your way up to my section where it's at girl Okay now do you wanna kick it with a nigga with a meal ticket Broke nigga lookin mad, they just gotta deal with it Get right hoe, roll the dice hoe And you ain't gotta be a dyke cause you like hoe But e'ryday I step behind a wall I do it big, ride fly, stunt, shine and ball I got, a bunch of money, so come and get it from me And a bucket full of bottles, bust it open if you wanna get drunk [Lil Wayne] Yeah Tip! ... Ain't no nigga like a Young Money nigga Pop that pussy like a gun, pull the trigger Shake that ass like a salt shaker I keep a L lit up like an elevator Bitch shake it like a dog, hop like a frog, ride it like a horse I throw that dick like darts Drink all muddy, flag all bloody I'm killin these hoes like that nigga Ted Bundy I'm a good lookin rapper, I ain't tryin to stunt I'ma +fire+ my blunt like Donald Trump Where you at hoe? Where you at hoe? Can a nigga stick key up in your back do'? Tunechi [Chorus] - 1/2 [T.I.] And do your thing in +Slow Motion+ like Soulja Slim And come around +Wipe Me Down+ like Boosie dem And back that thang up for me, to show me that you love me If it's really too much for you, you can bring a couple buddies Everyday I do my thang, big stones and chains She let me drill all in her mouth, no novacane Them other broke niggaz, all they did was told ya thangs I could get you on that G4 and show you thangs I like my women fat ass, pretty toes and thing Long hair don't care as long as none down there If it's manicured I can have fun down there Take you to whatever club, throw some money in the air The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Lil Jon, Lil' Wayne, Trick Daddy Album: Urban Legend Song: Stand Up Typed by: gauge31061@yahoo.com Stand up If you don't like what I'm saying then buck Swing when you see me we can throw them hands sucker Stand up If you didn't notice nigga, I don't give a fuck If I said it then I meant it and what fuck nigga Stand up You don't want to see the triggerman bust Hit you and your mans up, make it hard for niggaz to Stand up Tell your crew they don't want it with us dude And if them motherfuckers do, bust a motherfucking move Stand up [Verse 1: T.I.] You got a gator mouth and a hummingbird ass Your mouth writing checks that your ass can't cash 145 and I'm out of your weight class Want to survive, you better scramble like eggs and break fast Cause I know how to handle your fake ass I'm a ride on you and hide you in yesterday's trash Pull up in the Chevy's spraying rounds through the glass See you laying face down in the grass and I'll laugh Ha, cause that's the end of the saga The end of my problems, nigga mash the Impala Go lay up with a model and watch the news tomorrow And that's the end checkmate, game over, I'll holler Pimp, telling you partner, you don't know what you're doing Or recognize the trouble you getting in to and you're ruin And dig this man I spent my childhood in a wild hood And all that gangster shit you talking, yeah, it sound good But make it understood You gone have to show me, I'm a O.G. You want to overthrow me [Verse 2: Trick Daddy] Dearly beloved, we're gathered here today To marry this young nigga in his own special thug way Do you promise to love and respect all of the real niggaz And when a problem come, learn to deal with 'em Do you swear to turn this chopper On any motherfucker in your path, or the bitch that's trying to stop ya Or do you promise to keep him handy And don't hand him to nobody, nobody except family And keep him cocked and loaded and don't expose him to no body Unless somebody, who want him in his body To love and cherish and from this trigger to a barrel From the bottom of your heart 'til death do you fuckin' part Do you understand to live, to lie by him Is to share your soul, Lord knows, you gone die by him I know you heard gun stories about John Wayne and Billy the Kid Shit, all them motherfuckers dead And did you know that every other bitch from the Wild, Wild West End up dying from hollow points to they fuckin' chest Cause I ain't never seen a cock beamer meant for a team of tummy guns With a hundred round fuckin' drum [Verse 3: Lil' Wayne] Shit, I'm talking about riding out tonight Only way I die first, got to kill me in this verse Weezy F middle finger to life So nothing seem critical in the hood I'm typical Yet I'm feeling good and spiritual Healing hoods with this shit up out my kitchen I'm pitching that it's really good Smoking, drinking, I'm like a fish And I'll probably shit on ya bitch Probably piss on her lips and she probably give you a kiss Nasty, Holly Grove classic Polly wood a nigga probably robbed the same bastard Ask him We don't give a fuck about a casket Nigga this the murder campy Niggaz is murder happy 12 years old, I jumped off the pot I started selling rock right after I got shot I had to hold my weight down Pussy nigga stand up or lay down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Jay-Z, Kanye West, Lil Wayne Album: Paper Trail Song: Swagga Like Us Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro/Chorus 4X: sample of M.I.A.'s "Paper Planes"] "No one on the corner has swagger like us" "Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us" [Kanye West] {"No one on the corner"} Mr. West is in the buildin Swagger on a hundred thousand trillion {"No one on the corner"} Aiyyo I know I got it first I'm Christopher Columbus, y'all just the pilgrims Thanksgiving, do we even got a question? Hermes pastel, I pass the dressin My attitude is tattooed That mean it's permanent, so I guess we should address it, huh? {"No one on the corner"} My swagger is Mick Jagger Every time I breathe on a track, I asthma attack it Why he so mad for? Why he gotta have it? Cause I slaved my whole life, now I'm the master Naaaaa-na-naaaaa How it feel to wake up and be the shit, and the urine? Naaaaa-na-naaaaa Tryna get that Kobe number, one over Jordan [Jay-Z] Geah.. {"No one on the corner"} Got a bop like this Can't wear skinny jeans cause my knots don't fit No one on the corner got a pocket like this So I rock Roc jeans cause my knots so thick You can learn how to dress just by jackin my fresh Jackin-jackin my fresh, jackin-jackin my fresh Follow my steps is the road to success Where the niggaz know you're thorough when the girls say yes (yes!) {"No one on the corner"} But I can't teach you my swag You can pay for school but you can't buy class {"No one on the corner"} School of hard knocks I'm a grad And that all-blue Yankee is my graduation cap It's Hooooo-vahhhhh Dippin different Rovers, whippin with the soda Hooooo-vahhhhh Did you even have any doubt after "Doubt" it was over [Lil Wayne] No one on the corner has swagger like moi Church, but I'm too clean for the choir I require, what I desire I got stripes, A-di-das Mamis scream, "Papi no ms!" Run up in your shit, just me, no Moss Runnin this shit like I got fo' thighs No one has swagger like these fo' guys Now when it comes to styles, I got several Sharper than the swag or dagger all metal And my jew-els, blue and yellow The type of shit that make 'em call you Carmelo Rules as follows stay true to the ghetto Write your name on the bullet make you feel special Ha! What the fuck you boys talkin 'bout? I know it's us cause we the only thing to talk about And I'm gone... bye [T.I.] Yeah, hah, you think? That's right; ay You can go see Weezy for the wordplay, Jeezy for the bird play Kanyeezy for diversity and me for controversy All my verses picture perfect, only spit to serve a purpose You ain't livin what you kickin then you worthless Lookin from the surface it may seem like I got reason to be nervous Then observe my work to see that my adversity was worth it Verses autobiographical, absolutely classical Last thing I'm worried 'bout is what another rapper do Ain't nobody hot as me Even if they rap they ass off, blast off and have outstandin quality Sell a lot of records, I'll respect it and salute that But spittin real life on hot beats, I'm the truth at You kick it like me, no exaggeration necessary Livin revolutionary, nothin less than legendary Gangsta shit hereditary, got it from my dad Flow colder than February with extraordinary swag [T.I. - over Chorus] Okay, yeah, that's right Okay, yeah, so you notice huh? Hah, yeah, okay, tell 'em for me shawty Yeah, that's right, yeah [Chorus] - echoes at the end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Lil Wayne Album: Wit Me (S) Song: Wit Me Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] Bitch! Put my dick on yo face, put my gun in yo purse Put my work in yo pussy, bitch don't come on a word Pass the weed to your slime, these niggaz greener than lime So many knots in my pockets, the bitch need a massage I was born in the drought, I hope I die in yo mouth If you're a rat you should've died as a mouse The weed louder than the opera house, 'til the fat lady sings Drop codeine in my punch, I'm 'bout to take a swing If niggaz thinkin' I'm soft, I'll knock yo thinkin' cap off I get blood out these pussies, I'm a sneaking tampon This for my niggaz back home, I'm still New Orleans regardless Got bitches fallin' like olives, can sell that bullshit to a tourist My bitch is badder than me, call that Adam & Eve I do tricks on my skateboard, not up my sleeve I kiss yo bitch on the neck, shoot your man in the head Hit his mama address then send his parents a text I play with pussy, not these niggaz Crucify these niggaz Kidnap 'em cause they fowl so ask 'em who gon' buy these niggaz Got Lil Wayne on her ass, Lil Tunechi on her titties To kill me you gotta die wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me (Wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) [Chorus: T.I.] We ain't playin', got 100 racks (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) In the van got 100 gat (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) Straight (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) She's (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) He's (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) (I'm wit you!) We ain't playin', got 100 racks (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) In the van got 100 gat (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) Strong (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) Gas (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) Drank (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) [Verse 2: T.I.] I ain't never been dumb my nigga Or sucka neither, go ahead play ya part wit it Cash on deck, they be layin' round wit it Gotta cake up, where the suckas playin' rounds wit it I'm cold, doubling this, just ask yo bitch I swear she know her legs up high She spread eagle and then took in my big ego I'm stealthy, ask Tunechi and them Let me tell you a little something 'bout me I talk shit, break like Muhammad Ali Damn, whoop a nigga ass like Muhammad Ali I'm thrown, no catchin' me These niggaz in the game  so sad to me I'm sure no one would care we Just put them out their misery But no sympathy and no green, uh uh Me home with no heat, uh uh Can nigga talk bullshit of records at CM in public And they never do nothing You violator, demonstrations I'ma Put niggaz up on there, wherever we want I got racks in my pocket right next to my lamas I'm mowin' my bag, the purple mohana Get after my girl and it's round whatever So don't be struck down when you seein' me nigga Whoever fuck with me be smoking the Sadie You ready for war, you 'bout that like really You catch me in Cali, you catch me in Phily See me in Miami, the coppers is wit me Don't kick no niggaz who be gossippin' with me Lookin' for yo bitch but she probably (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) [Chorus: T.I.] We ain't playin', got 100 racks (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) In the van got 100 gat (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) Straight (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) She's (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) He's (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) (Talk to 'em!) We ain't playin', got 100 racks (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) In the van got 100 gat (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) Strong (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) Gas (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) Drank (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] Uh, pussy money weed with me Before you judge me I plead guilty I wish a nigga would, I won't get a splinter Just bought a chicken, 'bout to break it down into chicken tenders This block booming, I'm not human My drop zoomin', my eyes groomin' One giant leap for mankind I'm high as moon men, how have you been? Burning on my waist But it ain't that far away I'm sparkling like some Chardonnay Here today, gone today I play with pussy, not these niggaz Crucify these niggaz Kidnap 'em cause they fowl so ask 'em who gon' buy these niggaz Got Lil Wayne on her ass, Lil Tunechi on her titties To kill me you gotta die wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me [Verse 4: T.I.] Hey Wayne wait man, these niggaz ain't true Julio on the yard, these niggaz can't do These niggaz ain't King, these niggaz ain't Tune Got the game locked up, covered every angle Got the outside, inside, middle lane too All sold up nigga, hold up nigga Pimps on the loop, put yo hoes up nigga Handcuff that bitch when we roll up nigga We'll hit that bitch come pull up Hair head and shoulders up cover hole up in here When you're late checkin' up, she match us about Then we rollin' some loud and leave up out the house We leave up the house, counting 100's and 50's And go do a show for 250 We sell out arenas at hundreds of cities These niggaz want trouble? I'm bringing it with me [Chorus: T.I.] We ain't playin', got 100 racks (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) In the van got 100 gat (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) Straight (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) She's (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) He's (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) (I'm with you!) We ain't playin', got 100 racks (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) In the van got 100 gat (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) Strong (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) Gas (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) Drank (wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me) [Outro: Lil Wayne] They ain't fuckin' wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me No, they ain't fuckin' wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me Yo T.I They ain't fuckin' with us pimp Ahhh! My bad I didn't mean to scream Sorry Artist: T-Pain f/ Lil Wayne Album: rEVOLVEr Song: Bang Bang Pow Pow Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] Oh-OHHH! Now now now HOHHHH Oh-OHHH! Now now now HOHHHH [Chorus: T-Pain] My money right (my money money) my bread good (good, good) Shorty fuckin (what's up girl) that head good (Oh-OHHH!) Bang bang... pow pow I do my thang thang, look at me now now My money right (my money money) my cash up Up up and away! Face down (face down) ass up I rep my town town, that's where I'm from from So nigga pow pow {*CLICK CLICK*} BAM BAM [T-Pain] Money to blow, I'm living off tour Boatload of cash, bitch I'm overboard I got money for these whores if you open up the door Company accounts and they all on one accord Real talk, I don't speak, even if it's "Hi Hater" (HI HATER!) I'm on top and done unlocked the elevator All these bitches say I'm fly and I can never touch the ground I'm not tryin to be in your circle cause I don't fuck around I get that money, that money (money) I live it, I want it Drop the top on that Ferrari now I'm in California I let the hard top down and the wind blow through "All I Do Is Win," what the fuck you gon' do? I'm good, good, good And I do this for my hood, hood, hood Yeah~! And ain't nobody gonna stop me I doin it right now So bang bang, pow pow, everybody say [Lil Wayne] Uhh, psh, I go so hard they call me Go So Hard You ain't a king, you a joker card Fuckin up the church money like an altar boy I got them yellow Xanax, got them Tonka toys I go bonkers boy, I put that on my mom and 'em The hoes are all alike, they put the hoe in homonym I think all these niggaz sound like me, that's a compliment I told a midget bitch I do it big - hippopotamus Put that on my slime and them - no b-ball, we stop and pop No b-ball we got shit locked, swagger ill, what's up Doc? Make that pussy pop, like the gun I went to jail for Shoot the doors off your Jeep, that bitch look like a mail truck You pussy keep your tail tucked, real niggaz in this bitch Get that pussy wet, fuck her than I jet - Kenny Smith T-Pain voice, "All I Do Is Win" and shit Young Money in your motherfuckin face, livin shit Artist: T-Pain f/ Lil Wayne Album: Thr33 Ringz Song: Can't Believe It Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [T-Pain - Intro] *grunts* She make me feel so GOOD.. Better than I would by myself or.. if I was with somebody else You don't understand She make the people say yeeeeeeea-aah, yeeeeeeeeeeaa-aah [Verse One] Uh, I can put you in a log, cabin.. somewhere in Aspen Gurl, ain't nuttin to the Pain, ain't trickin if you got it, what you askin.. forrr? Put you in a mansion, somewhere in Wis-canson Like I said, ain't nuttin to the Pain, we can change the last name, what's hap'nin? 'Cause you look so GOOOOD, tell me why you wanna work here I put you on the front page of the King magazine but you ogn' get yo'self hurt here Huh, 'ey! Baby, I bought you in the back just to have a conversation Really thank you need some ventilation Let's talk about yoooooooooooou, and meeeeeeeeeee [Chorus 2X] Oh, I can't believe it! Ooh, ooh, she all on me, on me Man, man, I thank she want me, want me Naw, I, can't leave her lonely, naaaaaw! [Interlude] Man you don't understand, she make the people say yeeeeeeea-aah  Yeeeeeeeeeeaa-aah, yeeeeeeeeeeaa-ah She hit the main stage, she make the people say yeeeeeeea-aah (yeah) Yeeeeeeeeeeaa-aah (yeah), yeeeeeeeeeeaa-ah [Verse Two] I can put you in the condo, all the way up in TOronto Baby, put you in a fur coat, ridin the Murcilago I put you in the beach house, right on the edge of Costa Rica Put one of them lil' flowers in your hair, have you lookin like a fly mamacita - fuego 'Cause you look so GOOOOD, you make me wanna spend it all on ya Get up out this club, slide wit ya boy and we can do what you wanna - yeaaah Baby, I bought you in the back, 'cause you need a lil' persuasion Plus you need a lil' ventilation Let's talk about yoooooooooooou, and meeeeeeeeeee [Chorus 2X] [Interlude] [Lil Wayne] She make the people say.. Ah, she make the people say.. T-Wayne, yah! Now I can put'cho ass out, ohhh keep runnin yo' mouth, hehe And if yo brothers keep trippin, I'ma show 'em what these teardrops 'bout Hehe, shawty I was just playin, ohhh but I can take you to the Caymen, Islands Have you screamin, and hollerin when we makin - love on the beach The people see what we doin Aww, they pointin and ooh'in Ohh, but we gon' keep on doin, it like it's just me and you and no one else around It went down on the balcony and I ain't talkin {?} penthouse suite Shawty like a model out the Penthouse sheets That's why I got her on my penthouse sheets and oh I can't believe it.. [Chorus 2X, w/ Lil Wayne saingin with him] [Interlude] Artist: TQ f/ Lil Wayne Album: They Never Saw Me Coming (Import) Song: Ride On Typed by: xzibit47@hotmail.com [Verse 1: TQ] So you think it ain't right The way I give mine And what you describe Well let me tell you like this When I didn't have nothing There weren't nobody giving me nothing So I had to make something happen The only way I know how Was probably go down Cos everybody was singin' and rappin' I get my ride on (Chorus) Ride on (ride on) with all of my niggas So what you hear me say Right one, cos it's bout to get bigger But I still gotto ride on To get up on top Cos he told me not to leave it a lot That must keep lights on [Verse 2: TQ] I was reading in the paper yesterday Say they cleaning up the streets around my way To many niggas on the corner Couldn't make no money if you wonna And not one time riding through everyday So I'm thinking like Things bout to get a whole lot better Black 64 with a trunk full of chedder Picture my homies all born in the ghetto Khakis with an Iceburg sweater Listen to me When my mama stop working I can stop this shit But until that day you gotta deal with this I told y'all I'm a stay real with this Still make a couple mil with this (Chorus) [Lil' Wayne] Off the top this lil nigga is off the meter Warn your people Wayne is a walking heater Flames all over The game"s all over I told y'all niggas Now your reigns all over Listen, don't play with me That's cos I strap up quick But holla tips And glock clips And my niggas they don't spray quickly Thats cos I kiss my ride on It time to kill niggas cos the lights on Bandana tied on Platinum over ice Ten I brick the price It's raw with no slice I'm duckin' blue and whites And yellow drive presser Guns off my dresser Set em on my leather See Atrice told me to ride like that So I'm a be like that Thats how I get come Weezy Wee like that I'm from the streets like that And on these streets I'm gonna die The G-code is what we live by Forever ride (Chorus till fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trae f/ Lil Wayne Album: Life Goes On Song: Screwed Up Typed by: Lil Hustle (*talking*) Target practice baby, only thing is I'm not the shooter, I'm the bullet bitch Yeah, G'd up from the feet up (I got you Trae) Ya dig, A-B-C-D-E-F [Lil Wayne] I'm a G to the end, the end of the road But back in the kitchen, at the end of the stove Hey, T, looks like we at the N to the O Drop a fo' in a twenty ounce, and call it 24 You sit on 24's, and we sip on 24's Got the Caddy, sitting on a pair of Gucci penny loafs Yeah I get money, fuck with bitches that get me mo' Now you know the game, same shit different hoes Yeah we cut the ears and the tail, off Mickey Mouse Never been a rat, never had em in the house Call me Captain Kangaroo, I got money in my pouch And I don't mean loose change, when I say money in the couch Ya dig yeah, I'm getting paid at what I already say Can't see these niggaz, like debris on these niggaz Got a bitch named Nina, and Nina so slutty Cause she'll do him, and every one of his buddies [Hook] We put them drinks down, and pick them tools up And if dude tripping, we hit dude up And you ain't shit, if you ain't never been screwed up And you ain't shit, if you ain't never been screwed up (we drop the top down, and chunk the deuce up These 84's'll make a hater, put his shoes up Yeah you ain't shit, if you ain't never been screwed up Yeah you ain't shit, if you ain't never been screwed up) [Trae] I'm in the drop sitting low, 84's looking dangerous My swagger got me in the hood, looking like I was famous My neck and wrist, look like it been hit by a couple painters I'm getting money, but the fact I'm gangsta never changes I got my locs on, waiting on a time to plex Like this bopper shotgun in the whip, waiting on time to sex It's A.B.N. until I rest, and won't be nothing less Since I'm protected by the neighborhood, I never need a vest I know them haters talking, but they ain't saying nothing Long as they stay inside they place, I'ma continue stunting My ice the shit, I'm prolly at a hundred stacks and running I guess I'm fly, cause my do's in the air and trunk is humming I'm still moving slow, my swagger just got off the chain Whether the club or in the hood, I'm still gon make it rain Yeah I'm the Truth, so please address it when you say my name You try to take it to me, I'ma try to take it to your brain [Hook] [Trae] It's still the same name, new whip new shoes Fifty on the frame, so I know I won't lose Kit is on fly, do's up when I cruise All eyes on me, everytime a nigga move I pop another trunk, and show the world I'm screwed up This hey different color chain, will make you put your jewels up Say bitch you better chill, cause I'll beat your dude up Put him on the sideline, and have his face bruised up all screwed up Oh yeah these diamonds in my mouth, showing I rep the South This 80 thousand dollar bitch, got the top tooken off Up in these streets I'm like a kid, cause I love to get lost And stay packing some'ing, that love to break a hater off So when it come to this gangsta, homie I got it locked And if I put that drop on the block, I'm unable to stop And when it come to what it do, I'm that number one spot They knew I represent for Screw and H.A.W.K., banging my music chopped [Hook] Artist: Trey Songz f/ Lil Wayne, Young Jeezy Album: Chapter V Song: Hail Mary Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Trey Songz] (Hail Mary, hail Mary, hail Mary) It's Trigga (Trig, what's happenin nigga?) I got that game (I got that game) I caught a play (I caught a play) We going long (we going long) Do what I say (do what I say) I've got my game face on (yeah, yeah, yeah) My game face on, my game face on... yeah I got my game face on, come on [Young Jeezy] I got my choppa in my 'rari, in case I see my enemy I don't know what's gotten into me, tonight I'm on this Hennessy I won't usually do the brown, but tonight is special (special) Sam Rothstein be my agenda, yeah my special My two-door is retarded, I call that bitch Special Ed I don't even know her name, I just call her special Another year, same haters, usual suspects Word 'bout another nigga, I swear that shit is suspect Keyser Soze, sold the yay and I got away Hit the club, there fresh, in case I die today hail Mary, told her it's the world, ain't got shit to lose 'Bout to go long, celebrate, like I'm Victor Cruz [Chorus: Trey Songz] Hey baby you say you like it deep, hail Mary Hey girl you know the play, hail Mary Tonight we going long, yeeeah, we be going long Hey huddle up, hail Mary I ain't tryna punt, hail Mary Tonight we going long We be going long, hail Mary [Trey Songz] Whatever you want I got it, got a drop-top in my pocket You pop it, you watch it, keep on poppin and I'ma drop it So hard to be alone But right here at this moment you the one I want to roll so... You got the baby baby, it's in your hands I'ma be the coach, I'ma let you know the plan What's next is, baby you and me exitin' What now? I'ma get you naked, do a little bit of sexin' Touchdown - I wish you let me score, I'ma wanna score again Double O, triple O, baby I'ma play to win You say the best stuff, and see some good D Hey girl I heard you like it deep [Lil Wayne] Tunechi in this motherfucker, hail Mary full of grace I don't remember her name, but I remember how her pussy taste I go long, so long, she love the way that I put it down Gotcha going in circles, all you gotta do is look around I'm Mr Right and she Miss Tonight, pussy so nice gotta kiss it twice Pussy so tight my tongue get stuck, my tongue get stuck like licking ice Hoes call me QB, I throw that dick too deep I told her shes the preachers wife, she said practice what you preach She said ah me so horny, he love me long time I say how bout 69, she say numbers don't lie I say true you ain't never told no lie, you ain't never told no lie And you know they say love is blind, so close your eyes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//trina/rm_bside/donttrip.tri.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//trina/rm_bside/donttrip.tri.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trina f/ Lil Wayne, Plies, Rick Ross Album: Single Again Song: Single Again (Remix) Typed by: ghetto_fabolous21@hotmail.com [Trina] Yup Yup [Rick Ross] Slip-n-Slide Remix The Big Boss Mayback music [Lil Wayne] Who's that making that funky noise? It's Weezy baby and Trine B And it's the remix baby [Lil Wayne] I know what I did And how I act And if I see you with a man I'm a get my gat {woop woop} I'm just playin' It won't be that I got enough legal wounds And I don't need that And I gave you a ring that I don't need back Because I know one day you gon be back Not today But one day And my friends say I need my Beyonce Back, like my name was Sean I mean you stand tall But me I lean What's wrong? Everything Wayne what's right? Wayne and Trine B Like a string bean Girl I'm healthy Girl I'm lyin Girl just help me Help my fly But what flight are you on? You might not be talking bout me in this song I'm single again, back on the prowl I thought it was perfect, I don't know how I'm single again, back on the prowl I thought it was perfect, I don't know how I'm single again [Rick Ross] Hold up wait a got damn minute It aint benz then the boss ain't in it Yeah it's dark tinted I had to red rim in She got the same ones Just add the red ribbon Sexy, like she wanna breath again, leave again I ain't ever need a friend Yeah I'm in the thangs Throw away money And I'm in the range with Floyd May money Lord Pray for me I'm single again Now look who I'm mingling with Left my baby momma Cuz she didn't get shit You might see her ridin' in the street Single again I'm single again, back on the prowl I thought it was perfect, I don't know how I'm single again, back on the prowl I thought it was perfect, I don't know how I'm single again [Plies] You damn right I cheated I couldn't get it from you when I need it Cuz dealin' with you it ain't easy Think I'm a let you talk to me greasy I ain't one of them little lames sweetie So you single again? Well we even I know you miss how I beat it You'll be back cuz he don't eat it [Trina] Got six Run you lips 'bout that Say Trina still the baddest April 1st I'm back No April Fools Joke Finna make the world lean, hah Hold up she back on the scene Weez and Trine B Plies and Rick Ross Like Hilary Clinton I'm the boss Dude came back Cuz he know where it's at Super bubblegum brain Tell me how you like that I'm hotter than fish grease Hotter than a heater Every magazine cover you gon see Trina Black Men magazine King, I'm Smooth Sister to Sister Crip, What it do? Thought the grass was green on the other side Millionaires over here We say fuck the other side While you was out shonin I dont know why I stayed so alone You couldn't say bye I'm single again, back on the prowl I thought it was perfect, I don't know how I'm single again, back on the prowl I thought it was perfect, I don't know how I'm single again [Trina] Diamond Princess Yeah I'm still the baddest ha ha ha I'm single again I'm single again I'm single again, back on the prowl I thought it was perfect, I don't know how I'm single again, back on the prowl I thought it was perfect, I don't know how I'm single again The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Turk f/ Lil Wayne Album: Young & Thuggin' Song: All Night Typed by: topdizzle@mail.com (Lil Wayne) You know it's Wheezy you know Nigga you know it's Wheezy you know You know it's Wheezy you know Who Squideye (Verse 1: Lil Wayne) I ain' just jumped off da porch playboy  I been thuggin on da block Fist clutchin' on da glock Who Bout it  Motherfucker let me know shit Y'all wit that hoe shit I keep the fo grip Hollowed tips fill the whole clip Trippin' ya feel da whole clip Get It  I'm on some mo shit  Quad Mafia blow Shit Never slept for dough or no bitch I only want a hoe for those lips to lick my whole clique And load the bitch wit coke and shit and send her on a road trip I'm so sick wit it Dick nigga what is your purpose  I'm off the surface Platinum merchandise shining perfect For certain firearms  This verse seem like it's dirty squiddy Put bullets in yo shirt and fit it if you jerkin wit me ? pops don't yourself the next statistic You may be hard but seeing your chopped off is less convincing Which nigga want it Holla at me I'll be at the top With cha wife slobbing on my cock  And your kids calling me pop I can't be stopped (Hook: Lil Wayne) 2x Okay  They run in yo place four straight to yo face These Niggaz don't play Believe me shit ain all right They cut off all lights And they ridin' all night Till some shit that you don't like let's go (Verse 2: Turk) Nigga look here you can play wit me or my dogs If ya won't And watch how quick yo bitches wind up gettin' left faunked I dress in black rat a tat tat leave ya flat nigga At any given time you gonna see that nigga Lil Turk and Wheezy straight thugged out We got choppers wit 50's that'll clear it out You could test the nuts If ya won't round You know you done fucked up so it's goin' down Get fulla dat one on one and we don't give a fuck It's you or me, me or you nigga so what's up Now tell me, Is you really bout dat beef shit Bringin dat heat shit, killin yo peeps shit Cuz If you not then it's best you stay your distance nigga Cuz when we pull da trigger look we ain' missing nigga I'm a hit cha in yo melon split it to da fat Leave yo moms on da front level draped in black Hook 2x (Verse 3 Lil Wayne & Turk) (Lil Wayne) Fuck wit a turn or bed for bags, bitches, or bread And we mash quickly in a drout and blast snitches they scared Take snap pictures for fedz we blast riches and ice Snatch at night get em back depending the price Livin the last minutes of life and we do it huge My whole crew 'll does whos background to screw And we feud wit anyone to two shatter ya cabin Come around ya block niggaz disappear like abra cadabra (Turk) Lil turk don't play nigga look betta recognize When my finger get ta fuckin all you niggaz gon die Hit cha set in camoflague 50 shots what I fire Lay down and get cha mind right I bet cha won't survive I put that on everthing against anything ya bet If a nigga get it twisted get holes in his chest ? vest ain no way you protect it Last nigga got bust up cuz he disrespected Hook til end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Turk f/ B.G., Lil Wayne, Mack 10 Album: Young & Thuggin' Song: Yes We Do Typed by: Beeyeitch@hotmail.com [Lil Wayne talking] (Lets go, fuck wit me) Weezy We nigga, lets go, oh oh oh oh, do it, do it HB's nigga, we run tha streets nigga,lets go(oh, oh) We run tha streets nigga(oh, oh, uh ha oh) Weezy We my nigga(oh, oh) HB's dawg(oh, oh, uh ha, oh)lets go(oh, oh,)lets go(oh,oh) What you know nigga(oh, oh)What you know about tha streets, nigga what you know, huh what you know, look, look, listen [Lil Wayne] I'm like a dry rubber wit tight pussy, ya can't fuck wit me An if ya try, I'm bustin' get it I'm bustin' You niggas don't amount to nothin' & me, I'm top notch boy Any problems I cock, glock sparks & knock out hearts You see tha ice twink we I talk, ya blink & ya dead I'll let a hollow tip sink in ya head, so think it over 'Fore they find ya ass hangin' over a bridge & shit While I'm out drinkin' wit tha squad like I ain't did tha shit I really hope ya click come back for revenge & shit I'll make bullets drop on ya block like pidgeon shit A nigga duct tape ya ????? don't get me pissed Put hollow tips in clips like chips in dip Bitch nigga here could flip tha script, ya not built for dat Ya not soldiers, ya get killed for dat I'll cock & pop one in you cattle, push your filta back An niggas respect tha shots, make 'em tilt your hat(what you) You don't want no trouble nigga - yes we do Come on tell tha truth nigga - man yes we do An you don't want no beef nigga - yes we do Come on tell tha truth nigga - man yes we do You don't wanna hustle nigga - yes we do Come on tell tha truth nigga - man yes we do An you don't want no drama nigga - yes we do Come on tell tha truth nigga - man yes we do [B.G.] My name still B.G., we it's said it rang a bell In rich neighborhoods, middle class hoods, & jails I'm a street nigga, sold ounces of crack cocaine If I spit it, I did it, before I got in this rap game One of my hobbies is beef, do that for pleasure It's nothin' to bust a head, put a few wholes in ya sweater Never get in a situation wit me involvin' guns Never able to sleep always on tha run One way or another you gonna come Outta isolation, if it mean killin' ya ??? You thinkin' cause I'm rappin' & be on television That I won't soften ya head & come split it Close range is fake, bustin' from a distance Tha shit I'm talkin' my nigga, I'm still livin' If any nigga want it, can get it wit no problem All these niggas playin' but me, I come to stop it [Turk] I don't play nigga Better watch what ya say nigga Cause I fuck up ya day nigga Wit this K nigga, I gets very low down Give a fuck about a nigga, hit 'em wit fifty rounds I'm from uptown, young & thuggin' since I was small Grew up around killas, hung wit tha big dawgs Nigga we play it raw as it go, were I stay Run ya mouth too much, get found in a hall way Wit a head shot, look that's how niggas get it Keep it on a tuck, nobody know who did it No evidence, no witness, you just assed out Busta ass nigga, you just assed out Fuckin' wit a guerilla ah untamed one at that You leave ya house in ya want I bet ya won't make it back You could believe that, look betta get it right Get it twisted if ya want, I betcha gonna loose ya life nigga [Mack 10] (Uh ha, yo ,yo) All I know is dope slangin' & gang bangin' Inglewood Cali swangin' & hood hangin' I'm a ghetto nigga, saggin', starched, & creased Wit everythang fa' sale from a ki to a quarter piece Like Baby tha bird, got tha game on lock An while them youngstas workin' tha block, I'm, cookin' a flock I'm ballin' & if I'm beefin', I layed for 'em But tha murders committed recently, I paid for 'em I got a crew of noodle knockers that'll wait in tha bushes Wet you up & have you bitches blood runnin' like douches I'm bout murda, murda, dope, dope, leave bitch niggas no hope Don't need a red beam cause we sight 'em wit tha scope Yeah you talk that shit, then grab a gun nigga But if Mack call tha shot, it's good as done nigga Cause tha base from tha fo' fo' be bangin' like a drum An it's cash Money blood, so fuck where you from nigga Chorus(2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Twista f/ Lil Wayne Album: Adrenaline Rush 2007 Song: Whip Game Proper Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Chorus: Lil Wayne - chopped & screwed] Whip game proper, whip game proper You know my whip game proper, whip prop-proper You know my whip game proper, whip game proper You kn.. a package on the way you know my whip game proper You know my whip game proper, whip-whip game proper You know my whip game proper, whip game proper Whip game proper, you know my whip game proper With my package on the way you know whip game, whip proper [Twista - over Chorus] Uhh, Twista and Weezy F. Baby, ya dig Whip game proper like behind the wheel, behind the stove (uhh) It don't matter (uhh) check it out [Twista] Whip game proper, co-caine chopper Don't offer me reefer unless you know the flame proper You know I'm in somethin sick when you see the Twista pop off Fucked up off juice and Vodka and high as a helicopter In the grape jelly Jag or peanut butter Bentley Or ruby Hummer cause a few bitches is comin with me Or break down slowly I'm stallin off in the stick shift (whoo) Mwah! Give my rims a kiss, they got big lips Now tear the guts out, bricks'll get served Like ostrich interior, because I'm sittin on the biggest birds Vocalistic cataclysms, I spit the biggest words Fuck you and yo' bitch-ass crew, I spit the sickest verbs Yo' life is secondary, I fuck my secretary My life is legendary, keep a gun in every Chevy My trunk knocker, watch how I beat the block up A paper chopper cause on my tip, the flame pop up - cause my [Lil Wayne] Yessir... uhh, I'm up in it like dope dick And I'm physically fine, but my flow's sick Yosemity Sam, two holsters Two pistols, can't be too cautious Yes, human crack, Young Carter I perform better in hot water Yeah, and my whip game straight On a bad day I could turn a two into a eight And when I smile, it look like a bag of coke I gets high, I'm twisted like a bag of ropes And I come from the jungle I'm like Peter, I ride for my animals; ya dig? Haha, now get money, or get the fuck So much ice, I need the stick with the puck And if the work ain't big enough I could whip it up, watch me whip it up - because my [Twista] Whip game proper, watch how I stir the pot up Thuggin like I will pack up my five and go blaka-blaka Do anything a nigga gots to do to protect my product When you call the cops up I'll be gone before they search through my Prada Because I don't want the drama, don't wanna holla at Your Honor So under the seat I'ma carry the llama and then I peel off in my Impala I'm a (what) Jeff Gordon slash chef, sorry I gots ta peel sharp Behind the wheel or the stove I whip it real hard To lick it real hard, give the shorties real jobs Not from Georgia, I'm from Chicago but I got a +Field Mob+ They all be proper, at the top of Da Carter Cuttin work at the table like a DJ go aw-err-aw-err All of us poppin tags, all of us ridin Bentleys All of us ridin bikes so you know we all poppin wheelies I'm a C-note rapper, good, dope shopper Clique gon' make dollars, spit, game proper - cause my The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyga f/ Lil Wayne Album: Hotel California Song: 500 Degrees Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Tyga] T-raww, fuck y'all, money tall, dick large Tiger in my backyard, bitches on my futon Dog house, no dog, shootout, Chris Paul Walkin' on the marble floor, take your fuckin' shoes off Bitch this is fox fur, killin' shit, fuck a hearse I can show you my choppa works She give me head, when my head hurt Deep throat, till the bitch burp Her best friend said let me at 'em (Adam), Cousin Lurch Smokin' on that turf, get your feelings hurt At your neck like a collared shirt, ball like a Nerf Word, more green nigga than smoking pot When I see more, I'm that whore from that little shop Shop, butcher shop, open up your top All you see is gold watch, Rolls Royce, road blocks Sun roof, fogged out, chrome grill, gold mouth Take a fuckin' look around [Chorus x2: Tyga] Bitch I'm all you need I say fuck them other niggaz Fuck them other niggaz Bitch I'm all you need I'm the hottest nigga, all I do is turn up, bitch 500 degrees [Verse 2: Tyga] Thrilla manilla, I buy straight from the dealer I 'm politickin' in Paris, I'm buying statues and pillars All from the Louvre nigga, mosaics from the museum You niggaz countin', you bitch is in my DM, I never read 'em, weak bitch probably get seasick On the yacht eat shrimp, see my name on a blimp It read T-Raww's a pimp Nigga I ain't dancin' but my hand on my hip Full clip, movie shit, Bruce Wayne, Alfred Niggaz want a verse, can't even get an ad-lib I'm killing this shit, and I'm killing your mom Over a set of time, the... are mine I murdered this shit, just takin' my time Got bars, front gate, face shot, blind date Rolex, timepiece, ain't got no time for no bitch speech 120 that six speed, pull it out that's all me Just call me T-papi [Chorus x2: Tyga] [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] Tunechi over bitches Smokin' Color Purple, blunt fat as Oprah Winfrey I'm the nigga, the nigga, nigga, the nigga, nigga I be snappin', I hope you get the bigger picture I said fuck that nigga that you fuckin' She say that nigga rap, I say he couldn't (w) rap a mummy But let me pass the weed, and stop passin' judgement Before I have to beat him like a dick he had it comin' Been eating so much pussy, man I'm starting to get chubby Schoolin' motherfuckers, I'm their favorite subject Broomstick in my pants, I'm 'bout to go witch huntin' I'm already loaded, these niggaz still bufferin' I fuck my girlfriend and her best friend, these niggaz is lesbians Don't cross me like a pedestrian, I'm getting head watchin' ESPN She holdin' me and carressin' me Don't hate the player, hate the referee If she F with me, I am definitely a necessity [Chorus x2: Tyga] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyga f/ Lil Wayne Album: Careless World: Rest of the Last King Song: Faded Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyga] Young Nino, fuck a bitch in a peacoat Carlito, Scarface, Al Pacino Bun B though, Pimp C, R.I.P. though I goes deep in that pussy, Dan Marino She wanna be the one, fuck her to my own single Break a bitch hard, no future Miss Cleo Snap back, au-au-automatic reload Flyer than a fuckin beetle, you can't beat 'em Heh, vampire fucked up your evening I pop up and eat lunch, leave you in the cement Don't believe it, stripe like a fuckin Adidas The gun Selena, give a nigga Bieber fever {*deep breathing*} Real fuckin hot Put it in park, take a shot, higher than a tube sock You a bop, give me top top, as I load the guap Man these niggaz say I'm fly but to her I'm God I'm faded, faded, faded My nigga I'm faded, faded, faded {*6X*} My nigga faded, faded And I don't give a fuck [Tyga] Fuck is up, niggaz stompin in my Chucks See I make it rain/rein-deer cause I'm all about my +bucks+ Used to butt 'em in the front, dick-dick up in her cunt And I put it in her hole, hole in one, one, putt putt UNNNNNGH - Super McNasty Why you McLovin when the bitch call me daddy? Pimp no Caddy, she wish she never had me Treat her like a dog {*dog*} called the bitch Lassie Young savvy, bang her like Cincinnati Above average, fl-fly like I'm Aladdin They bend backwards, th-throw the pussy at them I'm Ben Wallace, dunk up in your basket Haha~! Uh uh balls in the air No games, I'm serious, Double Dare There's too many bitches, why these niggaz wanna surr? Pat Ron up in here, nigga this ain't no beer [Lil Wayne] Momma, there go that monster Abracadabra, Magic, Johnson My motherfuckin doctor, said I need a doctor So I called +House+, now I am a pill popper Faded like skinnys, Young Money we winnin I told her if I change, she won't get a penny Milkin this shit, pregnant bitch titties Bringin home the bacon, I'm fuckin Miss Piggy Loaded like a semi, semi-naked pictures She knows my dick, she call that nigga +Richard+ +Pryor+ to me comin, I had to stick my thumb in I assed one time, smell my finger make you vomit Flyer than a hornet, the shoe fit I worn it She tried to jack me off, can't beat it, join it Tunechi, punechi, that what she call it Flag, Scarlett, I killed it, mourned it ... HA! Yeah, YOUNG MOOLAH BABY!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyga f/ Lil Wayne Album: No Introduction Song: I Am (iTunes Bonus Track) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus 2X: Tyga] Welcome, to a sound, to a sound, I am loud I am loud, to a crowd, and the crowd, goes for miles I am, what I am, to a fan, I am him To him, his profession, a legend, I am [Tyga] I am, what a faucet, is to, some water Water, and a chain, with a chain, I'm a target Target, to a stalker, stalkin, not an option Options, got plenty of those, many female partners Pardon, my nonsense, time erased don't take much often Often, I parties, party, get nauseous You nauseous, be cautious, cause cautious can get you farther My father was uh, never around, so some hearts are tarnished But I'm sorry [Tyga] Mostly, my writin, is cake, to the icing Icing, on a track, on the track, I am lightning Fast, when I'm striking, thunder, when I'm fighting Fighting, for this title, and the title, reads idol Idol, from the biters, they bite it, plagiarize it They playin, while I'm grindin, grindin, through a fire To a fire, I'm a lighter, to a pitcher, I'm a striker A tyson, when it's violence, I'm solid, I am [Lil Wayne] YEHHH~! I am, Junior, young, ruler I am, the +boo+ to +yah, boo ya, spook ya True guy, who I? You are, scary You are very average like fuckin missionary And I am, not, I very no comparey Son, daughter, I am, Carter I'm eatin; I own my own restaurant dude Go to the studio and hustle my food; sure I am rude but I am, what I am, a black male that they could never blackmail Crake sale, had Hell, triple beam scale I am, the best rapper alive And I hope the next rapper better than I Now what are you? [Chorus] - 1/2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyga f/ Lil Wayne Album: Careless World: Rest of the Last King Song: Lay You Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Lil Wayne] Hello world my name is not important Today it's about (Tyga) yes sir Lay you {lay you} lay you {lay you} down Yeah, let's go I'ma sit back and smoke I might grab my guitar I got these bullets in the cham-ber Don't make me, let off a round If my life's in dan-ger I'm gonna lay you down lay you down Your life's in my cham-ber Don't make me let off a round If my life's in dan-ger I'm gonna lay you down lay you down [Tyga] Uhh I ain't a killer but don't push me Only soft shit I'm into {nigga} is {pussy} Hard-head, from a city where really you blue or all red Like, when it pop off {*boom boom*} better play dead Ha~! Same day, catch me on some different shit Front yard posted on some prison shit Uh, even as a kid fight until you win Life is kill or be killed, yeah [Chorus] + {Lil Wayne ad libs} {So like I said} {Or better yet like he said} {...} {Get 'em boy} [Tyga] Uhh, I like to floss so momma told me be cautious (just be careful) She know the cost, she tell me death ain't a option (that's not a option) Too many lives lost, shootout on the boulevard Gun drawn, pick a card, lucky me I wasn't home Damn - I hope it, wasn't one of my homies dawg His family called - I ain't even hear my phone Now I'm lookin for revenge, swervin on this road If I should die and never wake, pray the Lord take my soul But you already know [Chorus] + {Lil Wayne ad libs} {So like I said} {Or better yet like he said} {...} {Yeah! Got 'em baby, love you baby!} [Lil Wayne] A-hem, reportin live from the barrel (get 'em) Two tear drops under that eye on the sparrow (uhhh) I'm from a small place they call Uptown where we {lay you} where we {lay you} ha ha ha! {down} Like concrete in the driveway, shoot sideways like O-Dog on +Menace+ leave yo' brains in yo' tennis I'm the renaissance man, so put me in the book and I got my pistol on the hook - sing it (ha ha) [Lil Wayne] When I say fuck y'all I really mean mammy motherfuck all y'all Tyga Tyga {lay you} Young Money {lay you} I thought you knew {down} {Lay you, lay you, down} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Usher f/ Beyonce, Lil Wayne Album: Love in This Club Pt. II 12" Song: Love in This Club Pt. II Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com (Intro, Usher and [Beyonce] Yeah (Yeah) [Yeah] [Usherrr] Yeah this it right here Queen Bee, yeah I'm the king, y'all know that She the queen, came right back Listen to me yeaaahh, yeaah OHH! Remix! (Verse 1, Usher) Now baby girl there ain't nothin more that I can say You know by now, I want it more than anythang If I walk away and just let you leave You'll be stuck in my head like a melody (Beyonce & [Usher]) I know you want it [Yeah] But, I'm hesitating [Why?] You must be crazy I got a man, you got a lady (Usher) I know, we here together So this must be something special Cause, you could be anywhere you wanted But you decided to be here with me No coincidence, it was meant to be Don't be shy, come let'cha boy get in So you can tell all of your friends He was on the remix, liiike (Hook, Usher) In this club In this club Ladies can I put this love up on you one time If you ain't scared, say wassuuuuup In this club In this club They can keep watchin I ain't stoppin Baby I don't give up In this club In this club Ladies can I put this love up on you one time If you ain't scared, say wassuuuuup In this club In this club They can keep watchin Baby I don't give up In this club (Verse 2, Beyonce & [Usher]) Baby, you know I'd be down But we can't have all these people starin, standin around This right here is only for your eyes to see But you gettin carried away Sayin we can do it where-ever The way you touchin me [Eyy] I know what a [I'ma make you feel insane] Trying your hardest to make me give in But I'ma be down to give you what'chu want if you keep it uuupp I strongly doubt this velvet rope would hold me up And I don't want security rollin up on us I'm not hesitatin, I just don't wanna rush You could be anywhere you wanted But'chu decided to be here with me No coincidence, it was meant to be I guess if I mess around and let'chu get in You gon' tell all of your friends You was on this remix, liiiike (Hook, Beyonce) (Verse 3, Lil Wayne) Ah-em... Shawty want a thug It started with a hug And her ass one night This, I gave her neck a kissy-kiss She gave my neck a kiss back I said we could do it like a stack I mean we could do it like a g On the couch in V.I.P. Shawty we could get it on I'm like, shot-out to the DJ for playin this song Girl we could act like two damn fools And everybody think we doin a dance move Call me, so that I can get'chu to fly and meet me in the bathroom And you could be my secret lovey-dove Hahaha And it started with a hug But now we makin love in this club And when I come stylin just because The people in the crowd are watchin us But we don't give a damn what they say They said "Da-da remix bay-bay!" (Usher) Come a little closer to daddy, put it on ya Need you to know, what happens here stays here (Beyonce) And I'm ready and willing Almost got to go Got'cha standin at attention Keep it on the low (Usher) Ain't nobody watchin Don't worry they can't see us I know I got'cha hot Now let mee innn (Beyonce) You in the club or the car Where-ever you are Run and tell the DJ Run it back on re-play (Hook, Usher & Beyonce) (Outro, Usher & Beyonce) Now run and tell all of your friends You gotta get this remix, liiike (Usher) King and Queen Y'all know Yeah man We out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Big Sean, Drake, Kid Cudi, Lil Wayne, Rihanna Album: All of the Lights (Remix) (single) Song: All of the Lights (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {Lil Wayne flickers lighter} (Liiiiights, liiiights - All of the lights!) [Lil Wayne] Lights on, I see your face She eat me up, she got expensive taste I see you dreamin, but you still awake Big slices, that's how you cut the cake It's cold as hell, I show and tell Weezy home, our nigga outta jail! In this give or take world I got what it takes Put you out your misery -- Kathy Bates I'm Young Money, I'm Cash Money If we could buy time, I'd spend my last money Now I'm spendin time, you in the blind This little light of mine, I'ma let it shine (ALL OF THE LIGHTS) Bright lights, night lights, headlights  SHH! No lights, but them infra-red lights Yeah, long life, don't like to ask twice You killin me baby, this the past life [Chorus: Rihanna] (ALL OF THE LIGHTS) Turn up the lights in here, baby Extra bright, I want y'all to see this Turn up the lights in here, baby You know what I need, want you to see everything Want you to see all of the lights [Big Sean] Okay now, ready, set, go, go, go, go Go-go 'til you can't go no mo' I'm ill times ill, dope plus dope "Westside bitch~!" Quote/unquote Whoa there boy, don't go there hoe If you cross that line I might overload I swear these lights-lights-LIGHTS be talkin to me but I can't read Morse Code Why every rapper name Big got bodied, huuuh? But every rapper name Sean got money, oooooohh Well, I guess my chances are 50/50 But my vision is 20/20, so I'll be countin a hundred hundreds' (ALL OF THE LIGHTS) Like oh, my Allah, Lordy Lordy Lordy I took yo' chick, now you want beef  and I am just chucklin like I'm Porky 'Cause you spend all day with her spoonin (What?) Just spent all night with her forkin There's a one-way ticket to Hell and they want these bullets to book it for me, man I'm shittin on every statistic that said I'd be dead or fuckin broke This is history, your kids' kids' kids' kids' kids gon' book report me Whaaaat, whaaaat -- and I think they want to murder me I'm shinin hard, 'cause bitch I'm an emergency! [Big Sean talking over Chorus]  B-I-Good-G I do it... Yeah! [Alicia Keys] (Elton John) Ooh-whoa-ooh-whoooooooa, ooh-whoa-ooh-whooooooooa-ohh (I tried to tell you but all I can say is ohhh-oh) Ooh-whoa-ooh-whoooooooa, ooh-whoa-ooh-whooooooooa-ohh [Big Sean singing over Keys' and John part] You know a nigga so good, so goooood  Westside, so hood I do it.. [Drake] Uh! Bad decisions, good intentions, man I'm ridin, Weezy with me  I just stepped out of the strip club, made $5,000 look like $50 I spend all my time in Houston, smoke that kush, but I don't do Whitney I don't do Britney, I don't do Lindsay, I made two million since last Wednesday And I HATE y'all! Y'all got too much free time Sayin I ain't drop shit, everything'll be fine Worryin 'bout yo' old girl, tryna see if she's mine Nigga, she's with me when she tells you she needs some "me" time It's our time, so FUCK y'all~! I'm really 'bout to go Spring Break now, start takin shots in this muh'fucker And you ain't really have all that ass last month girl What, you get some shots in that muh'fucker? Yeah, we got the Roc in this muh'fucker You thought niggaz was goin pop in this muh'fucker? Uh, Young +Money, Power, Respect+ in this bitch You would think we got The Lox in this muh'fuckeeeer! I made mistakes, I made some bread I even made a way for them to get ahead To my surprise, nobody replacin me "Take Care" and "Carter IV," it won't be long 'til they can see the LIGHTS! (Lights on, turn the lights on)  And I'm on one, I got one You a pussy nigga, I'm not one So call it a night, call it a night (Lights on, turn the lights on)  And I run this, y'all know that I take the purple and po' that All in the Sprite, all in the Sprite, hahaha!  [Kid Cudi] (Drake) Gettin miiiiiiiiiine, baby (Yeah!) Gotta let these niggaz knooooooow, yeah  (Shout out to my nigga Cudi, too! That's my motherfuckin nigga f'real) Get it riiiiiiiiiight, ay You should go and get your own, yeah (Shout out to Cole!)  (Nigga got a buzz now, fuck y'all niggaz, man I'm HERE!) [Fergie] This time-time-time-time-time-time-time-time-time Time-time-time-time-We're goin all the way this time Time-time-time-time-time-time-time-time-time Time-time-time-time-We're goin all the way this time (ALL OF THE LIGHTS) Time-time-time-time-time-time-time-time-time Time-time-time-time-We're goin all the way this time Time-time-time-time-time-time-time-time-time Time-time-time-time-We're goin all the way this time (ALL OF THE LIGHTS) [Instrumental and ad-libs 'til fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Lil Wayne Album: Graduation Song: Barry Bonds Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Kanye West] It's what ya all been waitin fo', ain't it? What people pay paper fo', damnit They can't stand it, they want somethin new So let's get reacquainted, became the hood favorite I can't even explain it, I surprise myself too Life of a don, lights keep glowin Comin in the club with that fresh shit on With somethin crazy on my arm, uh-uh-uh And here's another hit, Barry Bonds We outta here baby {*repeat 3X*} DUDE! Fresh off the plane, konichiwa bitches Turn around another plane my passport on pimpin Ask for it I did it, that asshole done did it Talked it then he lived it, spit it, then he shit it I don't need write-ers, I might bounce ideas But only I could come up with some shit like this I done played the underdog my whole career I been a very good sport, haven't I this year? They say "He goin crazy, and we seen this befo'" But I'm doin pretty good as far as geniuses go And I'm doin pretty hood in my pink Polo Nigga please, how you gon' say I ain't no low head Cause my Dior got me mo' my dough head I'm insulted, you should go 'head And bow so hard 'til your knees hit your fo'head And the flow just hit code red Top 5 MC's, you ain't gotta remind me Top 5 MC's, you gotta rewind me I'm high up on the line, you could get behind me But my head's so big you can't sit behind me Life of a don, lights keep glowin Comin in the club with that fresh shit on With somethin crazy on my arm, uh-uh-uh And here's another hit, Barry Bonds [Lil Wayne] Yeah, yeah, we outta here baby Well, well, we outta here baby Ay Mr. West we so outta here baby And me, I'm Mr. Weezy baby Yeah, I'm so bright not shady My teeth and my ice so white like Shady Ice in my teeth so refrigerated I'm so fuckin +Good+ like I'm sleepin with Meagan I'm all about my Franklins, Lincolns and Reagans Whenever they make them, I shall "hayve" them Oops I meant have them, I'm so crazy But if you play crazy you'll be sleepin with daisies I'm such a "hayvoc"  oops I meant havoc And my drink's still pinker than the Easter rabbit And I'm still +Cole+ like Keyshia's family Stove on my waist turn beef to patties And I ate it cause I'm so at it And I don't front and I don't go backwards And I don't practice, and I don't lack shit And you can get Barry to suck my bat bitch [Kanye West] We outta here baby {*repeat 3X*} [Lil Wayne] Swag got a hundred comin baby Yeah, life of a don, lights keep glowin Comin in the club with that fresh shit on With somethin crazy on my arm, uh-uh-uh And here's another hit, Barry Bonds The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Lil Wayne Album: 808's & Heartbreak Song: See You in My Nightmares Typed by: randeezy_4_cheezy@hotmail.com [Intro: Kanye West] (Lil Wayne) I'm cold! (Yeah) I'm cold! (Yeah) I'm cold! (Yeah) (Yeah) [Lil Wayne] I got the right To put up a fight But not quite Cuz you cut up my life But my sight Is better tonight And I might see you in my nightmare Ooooh how'd you'd get there Cuz we were once a fairy tale But this is farewell [Kanye West] I got my life And it's my only one I got the night I'm running from the sun So good night I made it out the door, door, door, door,door After tonight There will be no return After tonight I'm taking off on the road I'm taking off on the road And letting you know LETTING YOU KNOW [Chorus: Kanye West] Tell everybody that you know That I don't love you no more And that's one thing THAT YOU KNOW THAT YOU KNOW [Kanye West] Okay I'm back up on my grind You do you and I'm just gon' do mine You do you cuz I'm just gon' be fine Okay I got you out my mind And the night is young The drinks is cold The stars is out I'm ready to go You always thought I was always wrong Well now you know [Chorus Kanye West] Tell everybody, EVERYBODY that you know Tell everybody that you know That I don't love you no more And that's one thing THAT YOU KNOW THAT YOU KNOW [Lil Wayne] I got the right To put up a fight But not quite Cuz you cut up my life But my sight Is better tonight And I might see you in my nightmare Ooooh how'd you'd get there Cuz we were once a fairy tale But this is farewell Babygirl I'm finished I thought we were committed I thought we were cemented I really thought we meant it But now we just repent it And now we just resent it The clouds is in my vision Look how high that I be getting And it's all because of you Girl we through You think your shit don't stank but you are Mrs. P-U And I don't see you With me no more Now tell everybody THAT YOU KNOW THAT YOU KNOW [Chorus: Kanye West] THAT YOU KNOW Tell everybody that you know That I don't love you no more And that's one thing THAT YOU KNOW THAT YOU KNOW L-L-L-L-LETTING YOU KNOW Tell everybody that you know That I don't love you no more And that's one thing THAT YOU KNOW THAT YOU KNOW The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: will.i.am f/ Diddy, Hit-Boy, Lil Wayne, Waka Flocka Flame Album: #willpower Song: Scream and Shout (Remix) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Diddy] It's like shit is coming down from the motherfuckin' heavens It's a new motherfuckin' day Get down or lay down Ay yo, turn the fuck up Ay yo, fuck sparklers I wanna see flamethrowers in this motherfucker This a will.i.am joint Hit-Boy, Britney, Waka, Weezy And they call me Diddy bitch [Verse 1: Hit Boy] Where 1 Oak at? Where Darby at? If you at Greystone gettin' your drink on, tell 'em to run this back Put your hands up in the air, got the call from will.i.am Now it's Hit-Boy on a hit boy You turned up and I'mma bring the action [Bridge: Britney Spears] & (Diddy) When you hear this in the club You're gonna turn-turn it up (turn up bitch) You're gonna turn-turn it up (turn up bitch) You're gonna turn-turn it up (turn up bitch) When we up in the club All eyes on us (turn up bitch) All eyes on us (turn up) All eyes on us (let's work) See the boys in the club They watching us They watching us (you watching us) They watching us Everybody in the club All eyes on us All eyes on us (you watching us) All eyes on us [Chorus: will.i.am & Britney Spears] I wanna scream and shout, and let it all out And scream and shout, and let it out We saying: "oh wee, oh wee, oh wee, oh" We saying: "oh wee, oh wee, oh wee, oh" I wanna scream and shout, and let it all out And scream and shout, and let it out We saying: "oh wee, oh wee, oh wee, oh" You are now, now rocking with will.i.am and Britney bitch [Verse 1: will.i.am] Huh, it's rock and roll, roll Whole world know my shit everywhere I go Whole world bang this song 'cause it's cold Ah, shit, I think that girl ready to go off But she want a photo  so I took a photo Yeah, I took a picture with an I'm photo social Yeah, you got a cold chick, but I got a colder ho But she don't really know shit, so I gotta show the ho Hide your paper, yeah I'm stackin' paper Money to the ceiling, now I need a skyscraper You are now, now rockin' with will.i.am and Britney, bitch Waka Flocka Flame, Lil' Wayne, Hit-Boy, Diddy, bitch [Bridge: will.i.am] When you hear this in the club Just put your hands up Just put your hands up Just put your hands up When we up in the club [Diddy] Motherfuckers I said put your hands up Turn the fuck up right motherfuckin' now [Verse 2: Wack Flocka Flame] Oh, it's time to party Oh, it's time to party Smokin', drinkin', no passin' out YOLO, I'mma shout it out We party hard, we yell it out Disrespect me, knock him out Crack a smile, happy hour Fuck the VIP, I'm in the crowd Me and Britney, we actin' wild It's Waka Flame, you know my style This little chain like 40 thou All eyes on me, look out Pop a bean, that's the old me Molly's here, we don't fight fair My buzz big, like Lightyear Get a grip, shorty, you can't stand here Friends, fans and family here Outfit real, live with no fear Turn the club into a mosh pit Spend 20 bands, do a back flip Girl, drop it low, shake that My wrists rocky like A$AP This a G mix and I laced that [Bridge: Britney Spears] & (Diddy) When you hear this in the club You're gonna turn-turn it up (turn up bitch) You're gonna turn-turn it up (turn up bitch) You're gonna turn-turn it up (turn up bitch) When we up in the club All eyes on us All eyes on us All eyes on us [Chorus: will.i.am & Britney Spears] I wanna scream and shout, and let it all out And scream and shout, and let it out We saying: "oh wee, oh wee, oh wee, oh" You are now, now rocking with will.i.am and Britney bitch [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] Hi! I'm Tunechi  I give the girls my room key Money can't buy you love, so I don't pay for no pussy I don't pay these haters no mind  so fuckin' call me cheap I grab life by the horns, and that bitch went "beep-beep" I swear right now I feel like 'Pac  'cause all eyes on me And I don't mean to throw no salt, but these niggaz small fries to me And my bitch bad like Britney, but I wish I had Britney She remind me of my jeep, but I got a bad memory And I'm feelin' good, I'm lookin' good, I'm smokin' good, I'm sippin' These hoes think they classy? Well that's the class I'm skippin' Got a party in my bedroom, that's a party she ain't missin' I brought her by Will.i.am, but she kept callin' him William Only God can judge me, case closed I've got my hoes at Drake shows I got this shit on lock, no escape those And I'll make that bitch scream, and shout, and let it all out I'll put it in her backyard like a fuckin' doghouse  Tunechi! [Chorus: will.i.am, Britney Spears] & (Lil Wayne) Scream and shout, and let it all out (yeah, yeah) And scream and shout, and let it out (yeah) We saying: "oh wee, oh wee, oh wee, oh" We saying: "oh wee, oh wee, oh wee, oh" I wanna scream and shout, and let it all out And scream and shout, and let it out We saying: "oh wee, oh wee, oh wee, oh" You are now, now rocking with will.i.am and Britney bitch [Outro: Diddy] Let's go This is the remix This is a super black man remix This is the remix This is a super black man remix This is a super black man remix Yeah And they call me Diddy bitch Yeah Scream and shout And turn them all out Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Akon, Lil Wayne, Nia Album: The Carnival II: Memoirs of an Immigrant Song: Sweetest Girl Typed by: andrei_47@list.ru * * first single; send corrections to the typist [Intro: Wyclef Jean] + (Lil Wayne) Some live for the bill Some kill for the bill She wined for the bill Grind for the bill (and she used to be the sweetest girl) Some steal for the bill, if they got to pay they bill (and she used to be the sweetest girl) Tonight Wyclef, Akon, Weezy and Nia [Verse 1: Wyclef Jean] High school she was that girl that make me do the hula hoop around the gym (Just to get a peek again, she's a 10) High school she was That girl that make me do the hula hoop around the gym (Just to get a peek again, she's a 10) Never thought she would come and work for the president Mr. George Washington (where my money at?) She thought he'd call (where my money at?) She had a good day, bad day, sunny day, rainy day All she wanna know is (where my money at?) Closed legs don't get fed, go out there and make my bread All you wanna know is (where my money at?) She ended up in a road car, bruised up, scarred hard All you wanna know is (where my money at?) She thought he'd call (where my money at?) [Chorus 2X: Akon] Cause I'ma tell you, like Wu told me Cash rules everything around me Singin' dollar dollar bill yall(dollar, dollar bill yall) Singin' dollar dollar bill yall(dollar, dollar bill yall) [Verse 2: Akon] Pimpin' got harder cos, hoes got smarter On the strip is something they don't wanna be a part of Rather be up in the club shakin' for a thug For triple times the money and spending it how they wanna They got they mind on they money, money on they mind They got they finger on the trigger, hand on the nines See everyday they feel the struggle, but staying on they grind And ain't nobody takin' from us, and that's the bottom line But I know there's a drop in the block You move slow You getting' pressure from cops you don't know not to lay low Because 25 to life is no joke To all my real gorillas thuggin' On top of corners every day strugglin' All the beautiful women getting' money Washin' them dollar bills like laundry [Bridge: Wyclef Jean] Money, money-money-money Money, money-money-money It drives the world crazy [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] (Weezy) She used to be (she used to be the sweetest girl) She used to be the sweetest girl ever Now she like sour ameretta She wears a dress to the T like the letter And if you make it rain she will be under the weather She used to run track back in high school Now she tricks off the track right by school She takes a loss cause she don't wanna see her child lose So respect her, I'll pay up for the time used And then she runs to the pastor And he tells her there will be a new chapter But she feels no different after And then she asks him+ [Outro: Wyclef Jean] Some live for the bill Some kill for the bill (where my money at?) She wined for the bill Grind for the bill (where my money at?) Some steal for the bill, if they got to pay the bill (where my money at?) Tonight Wyclef, Akon, Weezy and Nia The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Akon, Lil Wayne, Raekwon Album: The Carnival II: Memoirs of an Immigrant (Bonus Disc) Song: Sweetest Girl (Remix) Typed by: andrei_47@list.ru, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Wyclef Jean] (Lil Wayne) Some live for the bill Some kill for the bill (Rich Nice in your area, area...) She wined for the bill Grind for the bill (Weezy...and she used to be the sweetest girl) Some steal for the bill, if they got to pay they bill (and she used to be the sweetest girl) Tonight Wyclef, Akon, Weezy on the bill [Verse 1: Akon] Pimpin' got harder cause, hoes got smarter On the strip is something they don't wanna be a part of Rather be up in the club shakin' for a dub Get triple times the money and spending it like they wanna They got they mind on they money, money on they mind They got they finger on the trigger, hand on the nines See everyday they feel the struggle, but staying on they grind And ain't nobody takin' from us, and that's the bottom line But I know there's a drop in the block You move slow You gettin' pressure from cops you don't know whether or not to lay low Because 25 to life is no joke To all my real guerillas thuggin' On top of corners every day strugglin' All the beautiful women getting' money Washin' them dollar bills like laundry [Chorus 2X: Akon] Cause I'ma tell you, like Wu told me Cash Rules Everything Around Me Singin' dollar dollar bill y'all (dollar, dollar bill y'all) Singin' dollar dollar bill y'all (dollar, dollar bill y'all) [Verse 2: Wyclef Jean] High school she was that girl that make me do the hula hoop around the gym (Just to get a peek again, she's a 10) High school she was That girl that make me do the hula hoop around the gym (Just to get a peek again, she's a 10) Never thought she would come and work for the president Mr. George Washington (where my money at?) She balls, he'd call (where my money at?) She had a good day, bad day, sunny day, rainy day All he wanna know is (where my money at?) Closed legs don't get fed, go out there and make my bread All he wanna know is (where my money at?) She ended up in a road car, bruised up, scarred hard All he wanna know is (where my money at?) She bawls, he'd call (where my money at?) [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] (AND THIRD WEEZY!) She used to be the sweetest girl ever Whatever, now she like sour ameretta She wears a dress to the T like the letter And if you make it rain she will be under the weather She used to run track back in high school Now she tricks on the track right by school She takes a loss cause she don't wanna see her child lose So respect her, I'll pay up for the time used And then she runs to the pastor And he tells her there will be a new chapter But she feels no different after And then she asks him, "Where my money at?" [Verse 4: Raekwon] Yeah, light that..yes sir! (AY RAEKWON!!!) Move flow, then over the stove, open pie racks and smoke and chain dangled, vein in my brain tangled Thinkin bout broth in both coasts is all on my money made I should be revealed to Oprah But flashin to the times I was broke, no lights No gas, couldn't buy Ivory soap But got with a sick-type clique You know, the smart ones who came through frontin with the long jumps About a week later, we on, we been, hate us Shoebox and money lookin bummy my delagators Or ride for me, hide from me, bust a 4-5 for me Police come, see us gone, we survivors, shorty [Outro: Wyclef Jean] Some live for the bill Some kill for the bill She wined for the bill Grind for the bill (And she used to be sweetest girl Some steal for the bill, if they got to pay the bill (where my money at?) Tonight Wyclef, RAE-kwon, Weezy on the bill WHERE MY MONEY AT?? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yo Gotti f/ Lil Wayne Album: Live From the Kitchen Song: Women Lie, Men Lie Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: female singing] (Yo Gotti) {Lil Wayne} Women lie, men lie  Women lie, men lie Women lie, men lie  Numbers don't lie (Heh, I'M YO GOTTI~!) Women lie, men lie  Women lie, men lie Women lie, men lie  Numbers don't lie {YOUNG MONEY!} Women lie, men lie  Women lie, men lie (Ay, all I see/C is notes) Women lie, men lie {Yeah!}  Numbers don't lie Women lie, men lie (16, 16.5, 17, 18...) Women lie, men lie Women lie, men lie  Numbers don't lie  Women lie, men lie (Ay Chris, you'll need the money machine for this one...) Women lie, men lie Women lie, men lie  Numbers don't lie Women lie, men lie  Women lie, men lie Women lie, men lie  Numbers don't lie [Yo Gotti - Verse 1ne] Ay, step up in the party and dem bad bitches be on me I be sippin on Patron when I'm jumpin out Ferrari's (WOO!) I be rockin Gucci, sometimes Louis, I'm retarded And the rims by Asanti, but the shades by Bulgari (WOO!) Hand on my scrap, I got my mind on my money Plus if my mind on dine, he ain't takin nothin from me Headed on this choppa tool, headed on this choppa tool Got headed on a hunderd round 'cause that's how much the choppa shoot Ball-ballin is my hobby, countin hundreds, goin shoppin And a 5 star wit me and I met her in the lobby Took her to the room, she hit me with that line Said she ain't that type of girl, so I told her stop lyin [Chorus: female singing] Women lie, men lie Women lie, men lie Women lie, men lie Numbers don't lie Women lie, men lie Women lie, men lie Women lie, men lie Numbers don't lie (But them, but them numbers don't lie!) Women lie, men lie (But them, but them numbers don't lie!) Women lie, men lie Women lie, men lie (Them num-them num-them numbers don't lie!) Numbers don't lie Women lie, men lie (Don't lie! Don't lie!) Women lie, men lie Women lie, men lie (Don't lie! Don't lie!) Numbers don't lie [Lil Wayne - Verse 2wo] YOUNG MONEY~! YEAAH!! Okay, I ain't gotta lie, cross my heart, hope to die  Them numbers don't lie, G5 over sky  I fucked her pussy good, make her cry if I tried  But I'm tired of bein sick, and I'm sick of bein tired  Tired of these niggaz, and tired of these bitchez  And shit, let 'em lie, long as they ain't snitchin, ha ha!  And men lie about women  and shit... women lie about plenty  {Women lie, men lie} And they ain't lyin on me  I'm in the bed with two fine bitches lyin on me  so that would make three, and numbers don't LIE and money don't LIE, and neither do I, bitch! {*overlaps chorus*} ..'cause I'm the truth Yah, now what are you? Ha ha! [Yo Gotti - Verse 3hree] I'm tryna count to, a, billion My bitch, Brazillian  Hop in that Lamb', push the button, lose the ceiling  Sun out, no rain drops, postin the same, spot  Right here in North, North Memphis where I came from  Hundred on the neck, I ain't never had shit  That the streets gave me family, Barry White cut the check  Ain't no secret in the streets, niggaz know I got neck  Got the swagger through the roof, I was born just to flex (Yo Gotti!)  Zip code on my wrist, phone number in the bank  In my ten 'til six with my 305 paint  I got my 3-5-7 and my 501's  in a Lear 55 wit my Air Force Ones - NO LIE [Outro] Women lie, men lie Women lie, men lie Women lie, men lie Numbers don't lie (Ay, this ya boy Yo Gotti~!) Women lie, men lie Women lie, men lie Say whatchu want but the fucka don't lie The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Youngbloodz Album: Against the Grain Song: U-Way (How We Do It) (Remix) Typed by: Repugnant9@netzero.net (Wodie, Shawty, Shawty, Wodie) X4 Now this one there that for them country folk Them heavy Chevy ridin' players with them hundred spokes And when I holla shawty shawt I know ya hear me, hoe And since you hard like blow, now tell me what you in for You and your partner ride a Benz, but your endz low You shake it, we take it, that's how we get it on the blow You, you wit, that's how we do it shawty, you ain't know? How to get it, willing to risk it with my cashload We sweepin', really we creepin', I chop you up bro Me and my nigga dead serious, like facin' death row 'Bout that paper, my nigga serious bout that cashflow Punk ass, while I be comin' straight up out that Alto ATL and New Orleans will chop you up, bro {chorus} Now where I'm from, we say Wodie And where I'm from, we say Shawty ATL and New Orleans Now how we do it when we do it Wodie, (U-Way) Now where I'm from, we say Wodie And where I'm from, we say Shawty ATL and New Orleans Now how we do it when we do it Shawty, (U-Way) 'Gon slide them thangs out that attic, time ta polish 'em down We about to get it krunk, and let the violence go down Niggas ducked off in cuts, niggas sittin' on top of houses Pull my gun out like "What!", niggas run away like cowards Smoke angeldust, be ridin' at night in Jags and stuff And hit a nigga, prolly turn into a massacre I'm tellin' ya Please don't play, cause all day I been inhalin' blunts And my whole mind is blown away I feel like killing stuff {Skurt!} I pull up in a dropped Hummer And shoot 50 at them cocksuckers Say biaatch, it don't, Wodie let me get 'em Just gimme the word, Unless shawty gonna spit 'em Nigga's blessings be with 'em, cause Lil Wayne burn niggas Bet them they gon try up for listenin' flippin' jurn(?) niggas Y'all better learn niggas, If ya dumb, she can't chea(?) Represent Cash Money, for all time, ATL. (Atlanta) We be them boys, have fro's with them grills And we be them boys, who gon' show you how it is From New Orleans, to ATL, my nigga, we let it loose So watch what you sayin', before we back the tap on you I got a, teck, it's on From the night to the early morn Young Bloodz, and Hot Boys, see we gon' let this shit be known Brother it's on, we gone, see we gon' hit you with some shit To make you bop ya head, and cut the food straight on that bitch Don't be surprised, in time, cause we gon' show you how we do it Cause when we do it, that's how we do it, Snizza off that fluid So get to it, my nigga And don't you fall, my nigga It's Attic Crew, with Cash Money, on the rise (rise, rise, rise)  X2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Jeezy f/ Lil Wayne Album: Thug Motivation 103 Song: Ballin Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] (Wayne) Ballin, ballin Ballin, ballin (Cut the music off...) Ballin, ballin {Yeeaaaaaaaaah, Lil' Lody on the track~!} (YEAH!) [Chorus: Young Jeezy] You think you ballin 'cause you got a BLOCK? (WHAAAT?) He think he ballin 'cause he got a BLOCK? (WHAAAT?) You know these hoes came to see me ball (WHAAAT?) You know these hoes love to see me ball (LET'S GOOOO!) You think you ballin 'cause you got a BLOCK? (WHAAAT?) He think he ballin 'cause he got a BLOCK? (WHAAAT?) You know these hoes love to see me ball (WHAAAT?) You know these hoes came to see me ball (LET'S GOOOO!) [Young Jeezy] Hopped up out the bed, I think my roof gone (Ballin!) ...Think I forgot to put my roof on (Whaaaaaaat?) Said, "Fuck it, buy another car" Hopped out the Lamb', said, "Fuck it," bought another car (Yeaaaaaaaaah!) ..I bought the Phantom just to say it's black ..I bought the Phantom just to take a nap (Whaaaaaaat?) I'm gettin head in the backseat I'm iced out, I'm standin tall like an athlete I'm ballin hard, I need a jersey on So much bread on me, I can buy a Jersey home (Ha-haaaaah~!) I'm on them Diddys', spendin +Dirty Money+ I'm on that Jizzle, spendin birdy money (Woooooooo!) [Young Jeezy] Still ballin like a muh'fucker, tell 'em that! Three platinum chains to match my platinum plaques (WOO!) Ain't got nuttin gold but some gold chains Say "Jizzle, what's the goal?" Move the whole thang (Ballin!) ..My celly bumpin like a chat line He bought a five hunnid, man he need a halftime If yo' job ain't ballin hard, then you need to quit You need a 18 hard, then you need a split (Yeaaaaaaah!) Summer's mine (summer's mine), winter too (winter too) I'm poppin bottles in the club, that's what winners do ..They claimin bitches, them my old hoes ...They claim they ballin, them my old flows [Lil Wayne] ....These hoes call me Tunechi baby Niggaz think they seein me, they hallucinatin Bitch I'm ballin, ballin like a mudduh-fucker 12 gauge, bitch I got a dozen of 'em Nigga broke, actin like they got it doe I'm wit' a Spanish bitch, if she ain't fuckin - adios! So many cars I'm like "eeny, meeny, miny, moe" So many colors in the diamonds -- Kaleidoscope Last year I made a hunnid million dollars flat Run in ya house, get to poppin at ya shower cap My homies got them +Firebirds+ like Pontiac And if them bitches don't sell, we'll buy 'em back (WOOOO!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Jeezy f/ Fabolous, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross, USDA Album: Cold Summer Song: White Girl (Remix) Typed by: MrGreyGoose [Weezy] Yeah.. That's riigh [Ross] ROSS! U-S-D-Ayy!! Ricky Ross [Weezy w/Ross ad-libin'] Yeah It's tha remix baby (Remix!) That's right (Remix!) It's tha remix baby (Remix!) Tha remix baby [Fab] It's ya boy, Lo-So [Weezy] Ha-ha!! (Remix!) Young Money yall! [Chorus]* You know we keep that white gurl, Christina Aguilera (Owh, Owh, Owh!) My jewelry too loud, babygurl I can't hear ya (Owh, Owh, Owh!) I need 'bout 50 if them bricks is tha topic (Yuh!) They know we run tha streets, mayn them boys best stop it You know we keep that white gurl (Gurl!), Christina Aguilera (Yuh!) My jewelry too loud, homeboi I can't hear ya (Owh, Owh, Owh!) I need 'bout 50 if them bricks is tha topic (Owh, Owh, Owh!) They know we run tha streets, mayn them boys best stop it *[Jizzle talkin' over the chorus] Slick Pulla, what's happ'nin nigga? Blood Raw, what they do? C-T-E! That's riigh hommie! You already know mann.. Rrrreeemmiiixxx Yuh, Yuh! I see you, nigga.. Haha You already know wha this is We outta here [Verse 1 - Young Jeezy] Louis Vuitton doin nuthin' but wrong, tha bricks came from Panama (Owh, Owh, Owh!) I ship 16 to Arkansas, and send tha rest to Wichitaw (Owh, Owh, Owh!) Meet us for tha fever then, goin' down in Cleveland (Yuh!) Yeah I put my taxs on it, you ain't wann' it? - Leave it then! (Haha!) Niggas cryin 'bout that drought, 'cause I'm out doin' shows 87-32, nigga I rocks my own clothes (Woo!) I'm ridin' Murcielago (Vroom!), I'm parked at Guillardo So I got that off white, Nelly Furtado [Verse 2 - Lil Wayne] I got that white gurl, that Lindsay Lohan And all you gotta do is ask Lindsay Lohan And if you like that blow, then gurl I blow mines So come and get this blow, and then you blow mines And then you blow his, and then you blow his I'm phresh out of Christina, but I got that Britney Spears (Ya dig?) I got that white lady, so I'm drivin' Miss Daisy And two grand flat get cha four and a baby [Verse 3 - Fabolous] You know I keep that white gurl (Gurl), Lindsay Lohan ('Han) 17.5 if ya friends of Snowman (Mann) Bringin' straight cash, for them Benz's no plan And you know these diamond Cartier lenses four grand "Fab, four grand?!" - I ain't studder man 'Less you hear me bangin' Street Fa-na-na-na-am Get 'em by tha hundred, I ain't talkin' bundles either (Nah!) Love that white gurl, I got Jungle Fever [Verse 4 - Slick P.] (Ch'yah!)... (Ookayye!!)... (Let's go!!) Block-a-namics, me and Fab' gon' school ya (Yah!) Order up tha set, we gon' brang it riigh to you (Yah!) Money on my mind like a fuckin' brain tumor (Okayye!) Play wit tha bad - tha whole Brook comin' to ya (BROOOKLYYYNN!!) Rookie of tha year, 'cause tha plays I make (Uh-huh) Ordered 7 and a half, I tossed em to cool 8 (PHUREAL!) And even tho I'm on tha 2, I'm still twurkin' 4's (Shhh) Catch me in tha kitchen, with that Marilyn Monroe [Verse 5 - Blood Raw] I came in tha game on some white gurl shit (So whudd!) Why df should I change for talkin' white gurl shit? (Christina Aguilera!) Yeah, I luhh my bitch! You should see her in Tha Ward - yeah, she does her shit (Mayn..) Say, tha Feds still watchin', well I'ma give em somethin' Check billboards, number 1 album in tha country (Haha) Tha radio ban, the snow-video play That's what fuck nigga (Oooh!), we still talkin' yay (Aiiyy) [Verse 6 - Rick Ross] We keep that white gurl, like to call her Tammy (Yuh!) Born in Columbia, she moved to Miami (Aye) Hilary Clinton, she my best friend (Yeh!) Even co-signed for that new white Benz Yeah, I'm stickin' to tha script, strippers take a vouch Fuck ya I.Q., 'cause ya brain in ya mouf (Whudd!) Shoes on tha Beamer, niggas call it Trina I back that azz up, on tha screen I can see ya ROSS 