The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris f/ John Bowie Album: Life's a Bitch and I'm Her Pimp Song: Harry Potter Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*phone ringing*} [mc chris] Yo, what's up!? It's mc, uh I'm chillin at the tracks, tryin to make some money Call me back 201-386-4640 You wanna get the hit? Gimme a hit Peace out! "You have one new message" {*machine beeps*} [John Bowie] Hey Chris, John Bowie, long time no talk man, what's up? Uh, just driving around thinking of you Heard you're doing a hip-hop record, uhh for Tim, that's awesome man wondering if I could, uh, get in on some of that action Uh, lay down some fat rhymes as it were Uh, the uh.. hey dude, watch where you're going! Fuck~! Sorry man, I'm driving Uh, listen, yeah, so I want to, uh, come in and uh and, uh, join in with some of the, the dope beats Uh, call me on my cell, I gotta play Harry Potter at a children's birthday party but that's not gonna be for a couple of hours Maybe we can, uh, catch up later on, okay man? So give me a call later on, we'll - we'll hook up Nine one seven five three... Hey! watch where you're goin - AHHHHH!! {*CRASH*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Life's a Bitch and I'm Her Pimp Song: DQ Blizzard Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris - singing through an electronic voice box] Your rapper.. he's whack dude.. and does he even try? Can he do.. what mine do? .. Think you should say goodbye [mc chris] Get up on the mic like a 5 on a 50 Quickly avoid the hickies of the bucktoothed bitties Fake Timberlake just to be by Britney Smoke that pipe with Whitney, shoot that blow with Iggy L.I.B., N.Y.C. and all places in between You could call me a mint cause I make the green I make the scene I make believe, that you all was naked So I wouldn't have to fake it, just copy and paste it Like Adobe Photoshop, redbone in RoboCop I get up on the mic and you know I won't fuckin stop It's like the props of Carrottop, or yellow stains in my socks You actin like you hip? You all hepped up on hops And yo let's do the body rock, cause the beat just be so bumpin Let's get our groove on 'fore our carriage is a pumpkin Before they outlaw fuckin, not bad for a drunken munchkin My name is mc chris and welcome to my lyric luncheon Word up, ah word up, ah word up, ah word up And you knowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.. oh-whoa-owww-owww [Chorus: MC singing] Name's MC, my band's The Lee Majors Put us on the bill, and boy you hit paydirt When I'm on the mic, the girlies wanna fliz-zirt But I tell 'em chill like a DQ Blizzard Help me - like a DQ Blizzard (D! D! Q Blizzard) Help me - like a DQ Blizzard (D! D! Q Blizzard) [mc chris] Like corned beef and cabbage, had Fred Savage The better than average rapper with the "have to have it" habit Heir apparent on my carrot like they was Jessica Rabbit Like fake wood paneling on the side of stationwagons Fraggle Rock on the box, Fruit Loops on my chin Wonderin, if I'm ever really gonna fit in Or be a son of a bitch, with a gut and some tits Or a roamin casanova with my dick in the {*car horn*} I'll be back in a bit, I gotta floss my Johnson Make that cream for the state Wisconsin You say all of my shit, is complete nonsense Fuck my CD and the shitty-ass contents Bullshit!!! My shit's the bomb Siamese twins want ménage à trois Robot bitches want their backs massaged They may not be real but their tits is large (damn!) Word up, ah word up, ah word up, ah word up And you knowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.. oh-whoa-owww-owww [mc chris - singing through an electronic voice box 2X] Your rapper.. he's whack dude.. and does he even try? Can he do.. what mine do? .. Think you should say goodbye The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Life's a Bitch and I'm Her Pimp Song: The Tussin Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Wayyyy back college boy asked to a high school dance Couldn't wait, but my date was in my friend's pants Didn't know what to do, MC feelin blue 'Til my best friend said that the red would get me through Went to the jewel with my crew, adults only box In a secondhand suit, bow tie, I'm a fox In a car on the street, mouth Swisher sweet Down that shit at my crib in a one gulp feat Room starts to turn like cheese.. My tummy starts to churn like grease.. On my knees like a rug burn beast.. Like an intern tease with a yeast ("Infection!") All wild on the tile, feel like I got the flu I think I'm gonna throw, I think this night is through Ding-dong, date's arrived and her dress is ripped She don't know I'm on a Robitussin trip In the back two girls goin stag Fat asses, I demand from the date her sunglasses Do a drop, roll out the car like Axl I need an angel, I need some fuckin Advil I got a buzz bigger than a beehive Cough up my cookies let loose what's on the inside [Chorus: repeat 2X] The 'tussin, the 'tussin - put it down like it was nothin RoboCop couldn't stop me from pukin and flushin No balls to be bustin, no fightin, no cussin Just love for a drug called Robitussin [mc chris] Wayyyy back college boy, live on 11th floor Head out my window, wonder what I'm livin for Knock on my door what's in store, it's my buddy "Bucks" With the rabbit ear pockets sayin he is out of luck Need a forty for party thrown by Laura King at Ruben All he's got is snot and a box full of Ludens Tell him 'bout the 'tussin, we're Hayden ho-hussin{?} Interruptin discussions about Reaganomic repercussions Fuck 'em, we're fuckin chug-a-luggin Soon my stomach I'm huggin I'm trippin or somethin My coat I button, keep it down like a dungeon You could call me the cough medicine curmudgeon Frankly, the feeling's fucking fantastic I'm tripping like Jesus in the desert when he fasted Like it's the night before we all get drafted Like we're rowin through some rapids with Kevin Bacon, whitewater raftin ("Like you're at Epcot Center on acid?") Exactly [13 second interlude] [Outro] The 'tussin, the 'tussin! {*moan*} The 'tussin, the 'tussin! {*moan*} The 'tussin, the 'tussin! {*puking*} Robitussin! The 'tussin, the 'tussin! {*moan*} The 'tussin, the 'tussin! The 'tussin, the 'tussin! {*puking*} Robitussin! The 'tussin, the 'tussin! The 'tussin, the 'tussin! {*puking*} The 'tussin, the 'tussin! {*continues puking and spitting*} Ahhhh! {*FLUSH*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Life's a Bitch and I'm Her Pimp Song: Pop Punk Is Dead Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [woman] Mr. Chandler, Mr. Ward's here to see you [Tim C] Hey MC! [chris] Tim, Tim Chand, mc chris in the house [Tim C] Haha, yeah [chris] Tim Chandler of New Pop - how are you sir? [Tim C] Oh I'm good, how are you? [chris] I'm great sir - and you? [Tim C] Ha, ha, I'm good, listen have a seat [chris] Thank you, thank you very much - this is comfortable [Tim C] Thank you Princess, you can go [woman] Oh, okay [Tim C] Ohh, let me start by thanking you for a second [chris] Okay~! [Tim C] The album, I got the pre-orders in, they look great [Tim C] The album sounds great [chris] Thanks a lot [Tim C] You look like a million bucks [chris] Thank you, thank you very much [Tim C] Uhhhhh [chris] What-what's the matter, Mr. Chandler? [chris] You look like... is something the matter? [Tim C] You don't know what I'm going through [Tim C] It's becoming more and more apparent as the days tick by [Tim C] in my head that... that pop punk is dead!! [chris] What?! [Tim C] And hip-hop is the wave of the future [chris] Well, I guess it could be [chris] I mean we don't know for sure [Tim C] These bands, they have nothing to sing about [Tim C] except how girls they loved and then the girls didn't love them [Tim C] and they, ughhh [chris] Look c'mon that's good music, Mister.. [Tim C] Ugh, gimme a break [chris] Mr. Ch- [Tim C] Egghead's got a song about how hot dogs taste good [Tim C] I know hot dogs taste good!!! [chris] I know you do sir [Tim C] I EAT HOT DOGS~! [chris] I know, you have some on your desk [Tim C] Ohhhh... [Tim C] Dirt Bike Annie, sure they got a woman in the band [Tim C] but she's married! [chris] But, it's a great banc [Tim C] It's a cocktease band! [chris] There my, there my friends dude [Tim C] They tease my cock [chris] Mr. Chandler [Tim C] Listen up, you kid, you're where it's at [Tim C] cause you can actually have sex with women for Christ's sake [chris] Well I do, I [Tim C] That's what I'm looking for, a man's man [chris] Yeah yeah, that's who I am [Tim C] Allright, get the fuck out of my office [chris] Oh-o-oh-okay Mr. Chandler [chris] Thanks, thanks for seeing me [Tim C] UH-HUH!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Life's a Bitch and I'm Her Pimp Song: Fuckin' Up My Christmas Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Introduction: unknown comedian] See this is the way I meet girls y'know, I'm like being cool And, I've always had this problem with girls and that is I'm sure ev-everybody has with members of the opposite sex In this case that would be a girl And uhh, y'know, y-you start talking to 'em and you can be real cool and real confidant up to a point Then you start to ask them out or something And it's like, you lose control of your lips y'know and you get nervous and real mealy-mouthed and Y'know it's like, "Yeah I'll be goin' to London for a couple of weeks And then umm, hmm, I'll be back here in two weeks no I gotta stop in New York for six days for some business there I'll be back here in about uhh, three weeks, so listen When I get back, I was wondering if maybe you might mea-UHH..." {*laughter*} [mc chris] Ladies that are fat, ladies that are skinny Ladies that are all night on my jimmy Ladies that won't charge me a buck-fiddy Just wanna get with me cause I'm so pretty Bitties, who wanna bite off a little sum'thin Best part's the top like a Drew Barry muffin Bitties that wanna turn on the love oven And cook up a casserole of Stove Top stuffin This type of sum'thin causin fear with my gumption Takin out my beaker cause I'm Honeydew, Bunsen I got ya jonzin for my potion, got my finger on the button That's why MC be struttin Wish I could erase this erection Honies comin at me from every direction Lookin for the Love Connection A stinky sweaty sexin, with no protection So line up the contestants I'll open up their drawers like the kid in _The Sixth Sense_ I won't persist this distance, gotta get up in this She fuckin up my Christmas! [Chorus: higher-pitched computerized voice] Fuckin up my Christmas is a new way of saying Fucking up my shit This is not so much a holiday-oriented song As it is an exclamation of dismay at the sight of a beautiful woman [mc chris] She fuckin up my Christmas, biz-nitch Catchin glimpses in tiny tidbits I was fine till you was in my business Wit'cha you volleyball booty and your frilly pink tits Yo what up wit dis, it's mc chris M in my name stand for Monolith No it's not a lisp, you're a finalist Here's a sash for that ass it says dominance Now here's my hotel key and some common sense Get up to my suite or you're incompetent Do you wanna be a winner or the opposite? So lick them lips, drop them shits, and step on it [comedian again] "So listen uhh, you wanna come over to my place? Well look just in case hell does freeze over, where can I reach you?" {*laughter*} Okay! {*whistling and applause*} You people are sick! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris f/ John Bowie Album: Life's a Bitch and I'm Her Pimp Song: Engine Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*phone ringing*} [mc chris] Yo, what's up!? It's mc, uh I'm chillin at the tracks, tryin to make some money Call me back 201-386-4640 You wanna get the hit? Gimme a hit Peace out! "You have one new message" {*machine beeps*} [John Bowie] Hey Chris, it's John Bowie Hi uhh, did you try and call me? Cause I've, I've been in the hospital in uh, in traction and I I think I, they told me I fractured my liver Which I, I didn't even know you could do Anyway listen, I still want to do some stuff on your record Uhh, while I was on Percodan I thought of a word that rhymes with engine So call me, and I'll tell you what it is Uh, yeah, so call, call me on my, on my cell man I'll, I'll talk, talk to you later Call me Bye The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MC Chris Album: Life's a Bitch and I'm Her Pimp Song: Fett's Vette Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [MC Chris] Cruisin Mos Espa, in my De Lorean War's over I'm a peacetime mandalorian The story has stumped Star Wars historians Deep in debate, buffet plate at Bennigan's Rhyme renegade, sure to penetrate First and second offense, I won't hesitate Got a job to do and Darth's the guy that delegates Got somethin against Skywalker someone he really hates I don't give a fuck, I'm after Solo For all I care, he could be hidin at Yoda's dojo Gotta make the money, credit's no good When the jawas run the shop in your neighborhood Think you can cook, I got a grapplin hook Let's make this quick cause I'm really booked I'm a devious degenerate defender of the devil Shut down all the trash compactors on the de-tention level [Chorus: MC Chris] My backpack's, got jets; well I'm Boba, the Fett Well I bounty hunt for Jabba Hutt, to finance my 'Vette (wiki wiki wiki) Well I chill in, deep space; a mask is over my face Well I deliver the prize, but I still narrow my eyes Cause my time I don't like to waste - get down! [MC Chris] I'm a question, wrapped inside enigma Get inside the Slave 1, find your homing signal From Endor to Hoth, Ripley to Spock I'll find what you want but there's gonna be a cost See my name is Boba Fett, I know my shit is tight Start not actin right, you're frozen in carbonite Got telescopic sight, flame throwers on my wrist You still don't get the gist, spiked boots are made to kick Targets are made to hit - you think I give a shit?! Yo' momma is a bitch, I see you in the Sarlacc Pit You just flipped my switch, integrity been dissed You scratchin on my itch! You know I shoot the gift I got bambinas at cantinas waitin to lick my lusty lips So I'll let you get back inside your little space ship Give you a head start, cause I'm the sportin kind Consider the startin line the sneaky smile I hide inside I hope you have hyper drive (drive) pray to stay alive ('live) Don't try to slip me a five cause I never take a bribe To the beat of a different drummer, bad-ass bounty hunter Let no man put asunder or else they be put under As in - six feet, got an imperial fleet backin me up, gonna blow up any attempt to defeat They got a, Death Star, I got four payments on my car I hand it over to Hammerhead at Mos Eisley bar He used to carjack, now he's a, barback Just goes to show how you can get back on the right track As for me that's not an option, can't say that with more clarity Me goin legit would be like Jar Jar on speech therapy [MC Chris] Slice you open like a tauntaun, faster than the Autobahn or a motorbike in Tron, do the deed and then I'm gone Jabba has a hissyfit, contact Calrissian Over a Colt, the plan unfolds, no politic is legit Back in the day when I was a slave Living life in the fast lane, like in a pod race Mean streak tweaked I became a basket case So this space ace split that place, post haste Took up a noble cause, called the Clone Wars Life's not all about girls and cars Gettin fucked up in fucked up bars See, I'm not a retard, or gay like DeBarge I'm large and in charge with a face so scarred A cold black heart that's been torn apart The Sith wish that they had a dick so hard Cause it's long long ago in a pussy far far Call me master, cause I'm faster than Pryor on fire I no longer have to hot wire I'm a hunter for hire, with no plans to retire And all the sucker MC's CAN CALL ME SIRE!!! [Outro] My backpack's, got jets... Well I'm Boba, the Fett... Well I bounty hunt for Jabba Hutt... To finance my 'Vette... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris f/ John Bowie Album: Life's a Bitch and I'm Her Pimp Song: Bench Warmer Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*phone ringing*} [mc chris] Yo, what's up!? It's mc, uh I'm chillin at the tracks, tryin to make some money Call me back 201-386-4640 You wanna get the hit? Gimme a hit Peace out! "You have one new message" {*machine beeps*} [John Bowie] Hey Chris, it's Bowie Uh, I'm at the PATH station I was wondering if I could crash on your couch, would that be cool? They locked me out of my apartment Um, so call me back There's a, there's a payphone here Some kid stole my cell phone but the joke's on him cause cause Sprint shut it off Uh, just come by the station, alright? I'm gonna be sleeping on one of the benches The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Knowing is Half the Hassle Song: Ten Year Old Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] What's my name? mc - And what do I do? Rap M.D.'s screaming need 50 cc's of mc stat E.R. staff be freakin' like Mariah on the rag mc chris squeezin' contents out of tiny plastic bags It's like hypnotizin' eyes and gettin' digits on the pad Legs seperate like hyphens because mc's still the mack Identify the items by the bar code on the tag Identify the rapper cause he's knee deep in the vag I got my glocks cocked, I got my nine's primed I got my crosshairs locked on Kelly LeBrock's behind I got my lungs locked on chemotherapy kind I got more rhymes than Shel Silverstein and Shakespeare combined [Chorus: mc chris] I sound like a ten year old or so I've been told But you don't need a voice that's low to make the microphone gold Others claim that they be midas but they got laryngitis Wo whyn'cha kick it with the mc with the voice that's the highest So come on [mc chris] What's my name? mc - And what do I do? Rock I'm intimidating jocks and inseminating socks I'm infiltrating flocks of fembots, high off that hemlock Mud wrestling bittie buttocks like ox Let's knock chucks cause we can't afford boots Let's get high a.k.a. pull tubes Don't ask why, just let it all loose Watch this mic get abused, watch me change your attitude Call me Gavin, I'm the captain of this Carnival Cruise Kathie Lee lets me rub my dick on her boobs Aeems tweens in cleavage jeans is many a man's muse All mc needs is just a bucket of booze Watch me, blow a load on your butt tattoo Watch me, come back for seconds like it's chinese food No one can hear you scream, cause it's a soundproof room I'm done, get the fuck out, send in number two! [mc chris] What's my name? mc - And what do I do? Roll I'm all up in that shit like it's fuckin cameltoe Olsen twins on my dick like it's a stripper pole If you're hooked on the shit, my middle name is methadone So, let's do this quick so no one will ever know mc nice got more ice than a fuckin eskimo He's not whack Nickelback singing songs for Michelob Jigga man, why you treat me like animal? At the mall, at the park, rollerink, backyard Soft hearted bard who makes the hardcore hard I weigh a buck fiddy, stand five-five And when I muff dive, you see the fuckin fur fly Don't own a celly, my sneakers is my ride Been disgraced, demoted, I been denied All my fan mail says someday that I'll get signed mc chris, lower case, no dots, rewind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Knowing Is Half the Hassle Song: Co-efficient (Skit) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Talking 'bout math, math, I love math Gettin my books for school, math... (Wait a minute, math? MATH?!) (Hey, what the fuck are you doing over there, you little GEEK?) Oh, don't hit me (You were just jabbering about math?) (What is these, math books? There they go! HAHAHAHAHAHA~!) Oh you knocked the books out of my hands! I gotta pick them up now I gotta get to... I gotta get to class (Hey, you like math, do you?) Yeah, I like math (I got a practical math application for you) Oh (Yeah, your face plus my fist plus, uh) (something that I'm gonna shove up your asshole) No! (divided by pi, the co-efficient) Ahhhh! Oh oww! You're hurting me! Oh, this is so painful! (Shut up! If you think this is painful) (meet me in the boys bathroom at two o'clock) No (and then I'll show you painful) Oh God {*crying*} One day, I'm gonna show him The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Knowing is Half the Battle Song: Cookie Breath Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Southern belle from the A-T-L Eyes set on mind melt, she makes my heart swell I love the way she feels, I love the way she smells I love the way she talks, I love the stories she tells There's nothing I don't like, sold hook, line and sinker She's got this rapper wrapped around her manicured finger She's dramatic and simple, kinetic and nimble She's a fickle little riddle and she makes me go mental I'm in love that's the one thing that I'm sure of Can't get enough of this stuff, can't get enough of her hugs She makes me not want to drink or do any drugs Hold her forever until the sun comes up [Chorus: mc chris] Why oh why won't you be mine? I tried so hard not to cry Can't contain what lies inside Could you call me up and just say hi? Why oh why won't you leave that guy? Why oh why must I be denied? When oh when will the time arrive when you look me in the eyes and say you're mine? [mc chris] Southern belle from the bible belt Together forever, only time will tell Until I know for sure, now that I'm in hell When you kiss me deep know that it's deeply felt My eyes well up when your car pulls up Feel like a dumb fuck that's shit out of luck Love bites, love bleeds, love fucking sucks Feel so stuck in a rut, knowing your love is a must Are we really just friends, will this night ever end? I tried to imply that it was all just pretend But a lie that size makes a man a mess Oh, when will I see you again? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Knowing is Half the Hassle Song: Hijack Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Call it a rebound of a hip-hop devout Got my heat out, feel alright like it is Friday night and pops says, "Yo, let's eat it out"  That's what I be 'bout On the mic is where I be now, indeed now Good for you and easy to chew, like a big bowl of puppy chow See how, I get up on the mic and I can excite You may call it tripe, that's just spite I know my shit's tight. psych, it's like when I was just just a tyke on my trike And all the big kids would flip lids on their BMX bikes Go take a hike, and don't forget the trail mix bitch Beats I know come from a Casio, so call me Chris As in MC, envy, I be on the top of the list You try to diss I won't resist You'll feel the kiss of my fist, I never miss You're gonna need a first aid kit Remove your whack ass rhymes like it be a cancerous cyst You can't deny your tight ass behind be so movin' to this mc chris hold down his shit like he was holding bong hits [Chorus: mc chris] Like Mahatma Gandhi followed by a horde of hotties or the feds on the trail of a Mr. John Gotti I'm a sound wave tsunami, vocal origami Hijack the mic and it's not like anyone can stop me [mc chris] It's like arithymatic, the way I make it stick Some say it's gibberish, some say it's silly shit But some people pay a cover charge to listen to it Some people take the path train to Jersey for it Ladies! In the corner with your hand on your hip Make you jump so high that the record will skip Make you feel so good that the room starts to spin My favorite kinda nut is a macadamian Come on all you honies, I am beggin to begin I say I gotta get the get the grand, gotta get within Gotta get more cream than Wisconsin Honeyroom suite at the Sheraton Bathtub full of expensive gin, lots of candles and violins Bikinis made of diamond Honies beggin me to break their hymens The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Knowing Is Half the Hassle Song: Glory Hole (Skit) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] History, history, I love history (AHH~!) Whoa!! (You're here, in the boys bathroom, good) (You're actually a little bit early) Sorry, I'm.. (let me pick up a little bit) very punctual, sorry (ALRIGHT GET OVER HERE) AHH! (You little GEEK!) Oh no, you're forcing me into the stall! (That's correct!) Oh no, you're sticking my head into the toilet water! (That's precisely what I'm doing! HAHAHAHA) And now you're flushing, oh God, it's so embarrassing (And now let me tell you what I'm gonna do) No (I'm gonna smash your head into the side of the stall) Oh you wouldn't (until it goes all the way through the stall) All the way though? (Creating a glory hole) A glory hole? (Then you're gonna go around to the other side) (and I'm going to stick my cock anonymously through the glory hole) Oh, oh no! (And if it doesn't get sucked) (I don't know what I'm gonna do) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MC Chris f/ Brak Album: Knowing is Half the Hassle Song: White Kids Love Hip Hop Typed by: 13thdragon@bellsouth.net [Brak in background] White kids love hip hop... White kids love hip hop... [Verse 1] White kids love hip hop and disc jocks Go-carts and fist fights Gettin' drunk on Bud then gettin' high like a pitch pipe Are you an MC Chris type? A hip hop lovin' half pint? Then just turn on your heartlight A bunsen burner barfly This is our time, blast it from the boombox Liberate the goondocks, saw your cousin in a....a tube top Bust a nugget in a....a tube sock It's 2pac, it's Big Pop, it's hip hop, it don't stop I love that song, I love that groove, motherfucker Well I can't help but move, so if you don't mind If it's alright with you I'm gonna get in the electric slide line just to prove that [Hook] White kids love hip hop White kids love hip hop White kids love hip hooooooop Oooooohhhhhh [Verse 2] White kids love hip hop and axel, tractors and Rambo Playin' Unreal Tournament with infinite ammo Taggers and vandals in black socks and sandals Doin' as many drugs as they can motherfuckin' handle Skippin' school, breakin' rules and flippin' the bird Fast food cartoons after 'ittin' some 'erb Freakin' them flirts, makin' 'em purr till it hurts Just a couple of nerds clockin' the curbs A couple a words about my 'nilla wiggas Packin' peters that are measured in millimeters We don't talk in the theaters like we're Siskel and Ebert We drink box wine and we listen to Weezer [Hook] White kids love hip hop White kids love hip hop White kids love hip hooooooop Oooooohhhhhh [Outro - Brak] Man there's nothin' to do in this stupid town Rope swing's busted, stinkin' cops always kickin' me outta the park Manager of the 7-11 always says "Get off my curb you good for nothin'" All the girls already know I'm a bad kisser So they won't come anywhere near me I don't know how many times I been TGIF A kid can eat an onion bloom only so many times Bowling's boring, the skating rink's been taken over by 12 year olds There ain't no good movies out Blockbuster never has any good games in I don't wanna play Bombad Racing I mean, what the heck is that? I'm sick of all my records And every time I walk into a record store I forget what I wanna get And there ain't nothin' on TV, not a stupid thing There ain't nothin' to do except take naps And wait paitently for death! White kids love hip hop White kids love hip hop White kids love hip hoooooopppp White....ohhhh bullshit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Knowing Is Half the Hassle Song: Hammer (Skit) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Economics! I love economics, hmmmm (HEY over there! Where do you think you're going?) I'm gonna go home! (Thought you were gonna get out of school without talkin to me first?) School's over I wanna go (I got some recollections I'd like to share with you) Ohh! Recollections on what? (Let me think back on how many of your family members) (CUNTS I've licked today!) Oh, how offensive! (Let's see, your SISTER) Oh! (Your MOTHER) Not my mother! (Your GRANDMOTHER!) My grandmother? (I dug up your GREAT GRANDMOTHER) Oh, you wouldn't! (Her cunt tasted like SKELETONS!) Oh, that's gross! (HAHAHAHAHA~! AHAHAHA~!) HEY! How do you feel about THIS!? (Oh my God! OHH!) I bought this gun at lunch!! (Oh my God!) And now I am pointing it right at your face!! I'm tired of the way you've been treating me! And I'm not gonna take it anymore!!! (Please! Please! I...I...looking at your gun) (I'm, I'm rethinking all of my bullyism) (And I...uh...I just think if I were to get a second chance) You can't get a second chance You are way too mean, and therefore, you deserve to get capped!! I am pulling back the... thing that you pull back before you fire the gun!! (The hammer?) NOW I AM PULLING THE TRIGGER!! (OH MY GOD! YOU PULLED THE TRIGGER ON THE GUN) (AND THE BULLET'S FLYING OUT OF THE GUN AT LIGHTNING SPEED!) (AAH! OW! IT HIT ME IN THE HEAD!) HOW DO YOU LIKE THAT, BULLY!? HOW DO YOU LIKE THAT!? (AAH! OW! I'm dying, dying) Wait a minute, what have I done? {*cries*} I'm sorry... who will I talk to now? What have I done... what have I done? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MC Chris Album: Knowing is Half the Hassle Song: Geek Typed by: 13thdragon@bellsouth.net [Hook] Stop pickin' on me, because I'm a geek I'm strange to you, you're strange to me Well one of these days, I'm gonna pack heat Your brains on the wall, my face... My face on TV... [Verse 1] They dissipate the pungent odor of a power holder Sand kickers comin' sixty clicks upon the sonar They're gonna fold me over like a Trapper Keeper folder If this was D&D you'd see me jump into a portal I'm a geek, spelled G double E K I meet my boys in the basement about every day A card table, comic books and cans of coke That we blow out of our nose after a Star Wars joke We got style, tape on our glasses Zits on our faces and hair on our asses Shiny shoes, belt buckles and pocket protectors Tricked out backpacks like my main man Venkman's We got problems, namely the jocks The SUV suckers with class rings on their cocks Otherwise known as the motherfuckers touchin' the tit If I was Wolverine, you'd hear my knuckles go Snikt! I'm not perfect, the before picture of Peter Parker Always trip and drop my tray in front of the girl that always sparkles I got brains, fuck B's and C's, I got a grade point average Higher than Hendrix on New Year's Eve [Hook] [Verse 2] Don't fuck with a geek, just 'cause he's got a gift You get in my way bitch, you get a Vulcan neck pinch One night I didn't go to sleep Up playin' Risk, at dawn I won, got global dominance But in the hallway it's completely different shit Can't get my locker open and my pants are always split Can't seem to catch a ride, can't ever get a date But in my mind Seven of Nine thinks I'm great Prom night bites, primadonnas prevail I'm at home recitin' lines from the Holy Grail Stuffed nose, and some swollen glands Never Been Kissed, never been holdin' hands Just bust my biscuits over Britney in a bubble bath Darth Vader with inhalers in case my lungs collapse The dragon died from a heart attack You may advance and yo I upped your armor class Bein' a geek, it ain't so bad I can't get laid, I got Japanime stashed In a mind jam packed with Sci-fi facts Dreadknocks rock, Dinobots kick ass! [Hook] X 3 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Eating's Not Cheating Song: mc chris Owns Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: mc chris] mc chris owns I wanna go to an mc chris show But he doesn't tour, so in the meantime I'm gonna memorize all of his rhymes [mc chris] I spell word with a three, name's MC Other rappers flow weak, like window unit AC's Latins on my penis, Japanese on they knees I love all the ladies, as long as they eighteen I got bling up the ying, a plethora of Porsches I'll say anything, cause my mouth is remorseless Even The Source says my hip-hop's a vortex Leave horseheads on doorsteps, my mic checks cost Corvettes The strobe light explodes white as I step on the floor The barkeep knows the code so he throws me a Stroh's Weak MC's decompose, cause they know I can flow Like wessel comma zam through corruscant corridors Humidors filled with stoges filled with 'dro Like 9-0-2-1-0 is filled with the word bro Fuck the lexicon of octagons I'm all about go These amateurs got catheters I'm all about pro's [mc chris] I'm lit like a Branch-Davidian or what's left of the lithium In Cobain's cranium I fill Wembly Stadium Once bitten, twice shy, call it "Pyromania" When I roll up in Kashyyk, I roll three Jedi's The fleet of peeps that I creep all got vest's underneath There's no need to believe in the heat that I keep Or the swears that I *bleep* of the heiresses I freak It's embarrasing to me, I'm like kerosene it seems Or D-R-E-W B with incendiary schemes blowin' up, makin' cream I am just like Howard Dean when I scream I get red, I get mean Can't believe you be buying what I be shucking and jiving Fuck it if I am the next big thing with promotional tie-ins I am just a cartoon making rapper, you think I'm lying Everybody bust a move like it is that rave in Zion My self aggradizing and deprecation keeps 'em guessing Call my Venus Flytrap, cause my DJ's Howard Hessman Word 'em up, yo, word 'em up, yo I just let the rap game out of a choke hold The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Eating's Not Cheating Song: Badass Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] This song goes out to all you motherfuckin bitches out there that be thinkin some shit, fuck you motherfuckers! Yeah, motherfuckin yeah! Fuck yeah! [mc chris] I never carry a gun, I just carry my tongue When it's not knee deep in pork it's acidic and forked I'd mission abort, don't need no permission to start Rip apart every synapse and spark 'til you're clutchin your heart Playin Mario Kart with Wesley Clark Make like Corey Hart and wear my shades when it's dark Don't retort or remark, you'll get Dizzy G Cheeks with a mouth full of fart {*chris makes a fart sound*} I'm Slaughter comma Sarge, a.k.a. Commissar Ballin like Stalin from U.S.S.R. Shit's so fluid so far, thanks to Matt on guitar Yo DJ, take 'em to the part where I turn rap into art Yeah, motherfucker check this shit out I'm a badass, I ain't gonna fuckin spell it I get up on the mic and then I fuckin yell it No need to embellish, I'm selfishly hellish Equatorial insect repellent, the likes of which you never dealt with Motherfucker [Outro] Yeah motherfuckers! You think I'm fuckin kiddin? Fuck all you dicks that were givin me shit, screw you Especially my two older brothers I'm never gonna forgive you guys for givin me all them noogies, and wedgies Fuck that shit, that shit wasn't cool And all those guys in junior high that were makin fun of me cause I got caught masturbatin at that birthday party Fuck you guys, you guys are fuckin assholes I hope you get cancer of the dick And everybody in high school that makes fun of me just cause I was too asthmatic to play ultimate frisbee and I had to sit on the bench the whole time And read fuckin books about Narnia, fuck you guys And all those colleges that didn't accept me My parents got me a tutor so I'll see you bitches next year WORD I'M OUT! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Eating's Not Cheating Song: Illy Oi! Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] mc chris is the shit, whack MC's line up to perish There just ain't no stoppin him, his parents are so embarassed mc chris can't resist, whack MC's they get so angry Cause he ain't a part of it yet beats them at their own game oh so badly Illinois boy known to make some noise Don't collect checks cause I'm unemployed Used to love hip-hop now it sucks like roids I'm here to fill the void lemme hear ya so oi I'm the type of dude that'll rap for food Rap real smooth cause I don't produce MTV said no so I'm just on Fuse Everything to gain but nothing to lose Yeah yeah yeah yeah... [mc chris] I'm the baddest MC switchblade in the mic Playground player fifth grader for life Only bling that I wear's in my baby blue eyes I keep my bitches on a short leash with a tracking device My name is MC I got carcinogen beats Been compared to monet been compared to Matisse When I'm not rhymin or fuckin I'm lookin for trees You're givin hand jobs by the bloodbank for a nickel a piece I bring the jams, like Knotts Berry or Smuckers Motherfuckers better duck cause I'm on downers and uppers Got a sack a nutter butters and a head in the gutter I waste whack MC's like they fuel in a Hummer Oi Oi Oi Oi... [mc chris] I'm the crazy MC got chainsaw teeth I'm a vegetarian, ain't got no beef Rap rhymes over beats for dufflebags of cheese You get a sexual release sniffin yer grandma's queefs I get more mother daughter action than Romeo & Master P Got these bitches suckin like they vacuuming for company My name is MC and that's the way it's gonna have to be Ny tractor beam is the fact that we're actually the act the beat I don't freestyle and I wear clothes that fit Don't flip burgers I'm a college graduate You can hardly handle it so go ask your analyst I'm the catalyst that moistens the panties of management The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Eating's Not Cheating Song: Tractor Beam Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] I'm like Kenny Rogers in "Six Pack," girls won't give my dick back All this sex affects my syntax, the pistol I pack's impact Make's you gasp in fact, so sit back, relax While I grind this axe on your Brazillian wax Without finishing fast I bask in the slash Underneath your cinnamon ass, about ten minutes it lasts I pull it out and pass gas My name is mc chris, kinda cute, kinda crass Ladies love me sending pics where they're scantilly clad Send some back then invite them to come crash at my pad They're like O M G, oh whattup, that'd be so rad We make the beast with two backs until we both get whiplash Get with the program, strip to the slow jam Slip on a Trojan, kissin the toes and Move to the knees, go back, repeat The job ain't done 'til you ruin the sheets My name is MC, and your name is a creep Because you creep into my bed about every week Tractor beam on my bed Got you actin' le freak Tractor beam on my bed Got you actin' le freak [mc chris] I should be flirtin with virgins instead of jerkin my gerkin I should be working the circuit assertive for certain With little aversion they all open they curtains Mini-Me starts emergin to be rid of his burden Did I fail to mention all the ladies say word Got a panty collection like a Japanese perv They're prepared to purr and to serve up they curves I skip the main course, I prefer the hors'douerves I like thongs, like grannies like any old panties Hanging on the lampshades as I tap on her back space I like bows, like lace, like suckin her face I like fuckin her waist, I make a bucket of paste When her eyes roll back it means her memory's erased Slow-mo, tip-toe my ass out of her place I quickly run to the clinic, a Q-tip in my diddick I wait two very long weeks to know if these nuts need a medic So c'mon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Eating's Not Cheating Song: Robot Dog Typed by: 13thdragon@bellsouth.net [Verse 1] I got an allergy, for every pedigree So I got myself a robot dog that's Japanese But yo, he's hard to please He's always gotta pee But he never sips a drip This chip is playin' me The way it plays ladies, is such a sight to see He gets more digits than I could inside my wildest dreams He plays the hoes instead of playin' fetch with me He sniffs the toes of Tiffany and Stephanie That brings up Emily, she was my latest squeeze Robot dog stole that girl right out from under me Sometimes I wonder why I supply the energy To my mortal enemy that should be a best friend to me [Hook] Robot dog! He down tequila out of Tommy navel Robot dog! He drinks his owner underneath the table Robot dog! I'm afraid this foe is fuckin' fatal I'm about to go pre-natal, end up in a baby cradle Ro-bot-dog, turn him off, motherfucker! Say turn him off! I say ro-bot-dog, turn him off, motherfucker! Say turn him off! [Verse 2] He never pays the rent, he kicks me outta bed Well I'm the pissed submissive, he's the fuckin dominance And it's been really tense, I'm feiging impotence I got a robot dog and haven't gotten any since All my pals are fuckin'= meloncholy malcontents From Malcolm in the Middle to Malcolm X He eats filet mignon, I'm eatin fuckin Alpha-Bits And the motherfucker just left me the consonants I hold his leash while he gets all the compliments He gets more attention than a one eyed elephant He's in the club, I'm in my car out of my element In a Honda Element, feelin' irrevelant But it's on like it's Vaughn comma Vince I wanna be gone like I'm Jon Favreau havin' a fit He's surrounded by chicks rubbin' their D cup tits I flip the toilet lid, read a Maxim mag, bust a couple kids [Hook] [Beat stops and Robot Dog barks a few times] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Eating's Not Cheating Song: Evergreen Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Well on the first day of Christmas my dealer gave to me A bag of 'shrooms and some LSD We snuck into the park to steal some Christmas trees But the cops pulled up and asked us nicely to leave We're all fucked up on Smirnoff eggnogg We crunch on candy canes and rev up all the chainsaws You give us 30 and we'll tie it up at no extra cost We'll take that 30 and spend it on pot We're not too bright we flunk all of our classes Ah-het in fights gettin drunk cause we're bad kids Our dads call us bastards mom's always plastered We're the closest thing to suburban gangsters Cold air's what we breathe our vests have no sleeves It's hard to haul trees in sub-zero degrees... We smell like evergreens All I want for Christmas is my two front teeth And some mistletoe all up in this piece Maybe a girl, ah-that's free of disease And while I'm thinkin, throw in a couple of G's yeah I want my snowmobile treads to be fixed I want a hoe who doesn't mind my snowsuit doesn't fit I'm just a hayseed sellin trees to break trees Know your daddy hates me it's drivin ya crazay [mc chris] Even though my nose is runny get the honies cause I'm money But I never get laid can't find my way into long undies I don't trip, just dip, listen to country With my piss I write my name because I think it's funny I'm so into this deciduous lifestyle You see dead tree and I see a cash cow I never bargain and I never back down Put the back seat down and I take your ass to tree town Yer daughter's givin me the eye So I am givin her a ride I'll put up the tree myself and put up all the lights As long as I get, all up in her tights The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Eating's Not Cheating Song: Variety Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Well my name is mc and I'm here to say I rock the mic with asbestos all up in your face Old school like the one used by Ichabod Crane Watch me think up a phrase then put my spit on display I aint even begun to begin I get up on the microphone and make fun of your friends I'm like black thought cause I got your twenties and tens like your bittie won't go down on me in the back of your benz Snap off her bra while she kicks off her kids Put her butt on the bazooka tubes, and suck on her neck And when I'm done yo your momma is next Stackin ho's like government checks Gotta go like I'm Sever and Ecks Whack mc's like butterfly effect Yo they came and they went all they money is spent like the rent All my money's in the pockets of kids that's why I rockin this shit Lickety split [Chorus: repeat 2X] I read variety Your box office receipts Are motherfuckin' weak Ya got nothing to say You shouldn't fuckin' speak [mc chris] I got my mind on my money and the rest in escro Missles on my wrist like my name was Destro I'm whiter than your ipod head phones Name is mcchris so let's go let's go I got more rhymes than than old dirty got cradles And I got more bitches than Madonna's got dreidles When it comes to kickin ass on cable I am more than able But I kick it up a notch on kareoke turntables Never mind the lyrics I know that you can hear it Got the mononoke spirit when you quote it back so fearless Fuckin shit will come near it: an mc/fan endearment Save it like it's ferris in a trademark disappearance You can't beat it like coat hangers once used by mommy dearest But you run home and you blast it till you know your hard of hearing Wanna be in the know gotta crack the code Ghetto blasted by bad kids across the globe cause I can flow I got beats galore got rhymes for days Got nothin but a hundred hurricanes in my way AKA people saying quiet down and behave Fuckin lame like the motherfuckin trucker hat craze The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Eating's Not Cheating Song: Toothpick Spliffs Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*mc chris peeing and groaning*} Ahh-ha-ha-ha! Aww yeah Man... I like drank too much liquid I drank like... like a lot like a lot of liquid! Smokin and drinkin and smokin and drinkin {*2X*} What wha-wha-what wha-wha-what were we thinkin Smokin and drinkin and smokin and drinkin! [mc chris] I don't smoke blunts cause I'm frugal with my dookie I hach a loogie, spit it out then hit the hoochies I'm on bud like Hux' comma Rudy It's my duty to get loopy on the Buddha like it's bootie I smoke fields, I cold cock crops I smoke peels, smoke Robe' cough drops Smoke if it's green, I smoke Monopoly homes It spices up my life, when the monotony drones I smoke bags, smoke bails, smoke 'til I see trails Only time I put it down is when I see a female Just a minor detail that'll usually pass I'll hit that ass, hit that glass packed tight with the grass I smoke Greedo, I smoke Kermit I smoke the weed 'til it makes me vermit I - vote third party that's code for get high Now c'mon, pass the Yoshi to the left hand side Smokey doesn't like me cause I burn up his trees I smoke more sesame seeds than I was Mayor McCheese I'm just a cancer ridden mc seekin pain relief Pass the marijuana - hit it, hold in, release!! [mc chris] I'll scrape your bong steal roaches from your ashtray I'll rent +Nice Dreams+, I'll rent +Half Baked+ I'll eat a box of Frosted Flakes because they taste great Only leads to catnaps, doesn't lead to date rape Light the incense, turn on the blacklight Steady stressin let's get stoned like stalactites Break it out, break it up, pack it in the bagpipe Get on the PC and play a little Half-Life I hit the apple and I ended up at Applebee's I went to Wendy's, went to Denny's, went to Mickey D's I went to Crystal, went to Castle, went to where I pleased Ate more meat and cheese than Mr. Dom DeLouise I slept all day and I got nothin accomplished Just bein honest, I got paranoid and nauseous I get obnoxious, it's not comin at a constant It's a pipe, not a pulpit, pass it on or get accosted {*mc chris peeing and groaning*} Maaan I've been I've been peein the whole song man Man I do hope it stops at some point Oh-ho-ho thank God {*starts again*} Aww no! Nooo man nooo make it end! Make it end! (Chris!) What? (Chris!) What? (Chris you know this song's about weed man) I'm takin a pee! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Eating's Not Cheaing Song: Ratz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] This one goes out to all the cuties in the quad Walkin kitty corner, with the itty bitty bod Telescopin out the window, waxin wise while you walk I stalk the fox box to the party on lock Security check soon my ID's inspected In the elevator waitin to get wreck-ed Open the door then get floored by the heat You get passed a J while they play "Paul's Boutique" Get a plastic cup and ice unless you like it neat All the girls stand up, all the guys take seats Smoke fills the air, you fill in Denise on your major, on your minor, on the Middle East, the fo'sheeza High plains drifter this sorority sister Let the belt loop lead you to her liquor elixir Smellin better than a bubblegum scratch'n'sniff sticker You lick, shoot, suck, then duck out even quicker A mad dash to her crib, my roomie is a geek He's playing Galaxies, makin friends on Dantooine So I'm climbin up a tree, bears clingin to my teeth Miss the windowledge, hit the hedge, land upon my keys, oh! [Chorus 2X: mc chris] I am a dorm rat, that is a fact Jack Lookin at incense, playin with warm wax Hittin on the honies at the vendin machine The one hitter, trade dinner, all you need's an ID (I said) [mc chris] Oh! Plaid pajama bottoms or plaid pleated skirts Everything you girls wear makes me stare at the dirt If I had balls I'd flirt with y'all in study hall Do the geek talk 'til your eyes roll back into your skull But I'm a freek, spelled F-R-double-3-K When you're walkin my way, with my pockets I play I can't say, "What's-your-name, care to chat for a bit? It's me Brian, that guy, from that class, Russian Lit? Care to sit, have a chip, care for some fun dip Dostoevsky doesn't impress me, what you think of that shit?" But I don't, I just twitch and I itch in my pants Play my Gameboy Advance, 'til she's finally walked past A mad dash to my crib where I get on my blog InSearchofSpock.com, check it out if you want That's the steam blowin scene where I reign supreme Webster's my Friendster, I run the message boards for Ween It's a mental mall for teens, it's a paradise on earth but in a way it's like a curse, faster than a Google search I just sit here and drink beer while my roommate flirts at some party, with some hottie who's all into Fred Durst It makes my heart burst, and yet I do nothin Just get on the web and start bitchin and frontin A dot com curmudgeon who's love life is sufferin It's the rope or the oven, or the hope I find love in the end [Chorus 2X: mc chris] I am lab rat, that is a sad fact Shinin my test tubes, cryin in restrooms Dorm life blows if you've got no place to go I call my mother everyday, I say I wanna (go/come) home The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Eating's Not Cheating Song: Stop Time Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [11 second instrumental to open] [mc chris] Please allow me to reintroduce myself My name is Chris, and I do not exist It's just some shit that a kid did just for kicks An effort of a last ditch to stop the steel, from slittin the wrists Thick in the midst of life bein a bitch, or just bein Chris That's when the little fucker just started flippin the script Cleanin his kicks, clearin his throat, bettin the chips that there's a bunch of kids like him with no rims No checks, no chicks, no switches to flip Like Edward Scissorhands with, mad salivia glands mc chris spits like a kid, when he is really is a man And he really is a fan of the Skywalker clan And any other band claimin that they're weaker than Started out a solo mission, quickly became round up Of any underdog, any unloveable pound pup Any motherfuck who's a thug, thanks to bad luck Any punk that's drunk cause he ain't found love [Chorus 2X: mc chris] Oh I... drop rhymes... Cop kind... stop time [mc chris] By verse two I wasn't even on the map 'Til all that jazz let all the cats see where I was at They downloaded all my raps, saw the shit was fat Like Fat Albert on the can after eatin fifty hams Mad kids were clappin hands with their windows down Fuckin up the town with the MC sound Consider this MC effortless, never felt profound Now it's, fuck a pronoun, third person from here on out That's what people do with clout, when they wanna get their pimp on They show up uninvited and they double dip their chip on I'll instill a little pride in the shy guy with the clip on Back by the punch bowl and the bumpin sound.. system He's dancin all by himself He wants to dance with someone else Ah yes it helps if you speak a little elf Chant the tiniest Hermione spell, it'll make the mightiest melt Watch him crumble into puddles cause he's just a geek You supply the l33t speak, we'll supply the beat It's a brand new dating service to an the endless sea of nerdage Check the verbage then please look beneath the surface, c'mon [mc chris] My voice is just like me, really fuckin high It's sad you wanna battle, hope you just upchuck and die I'm not here to look fly, by dissin on some guy I'm here to hit on ladies with my motherfuckin rhymes These are troubled times and we all need to squash the hate Just like David Silver 'fore this next commercial break So before you log on just to motherfuckin flame You have to understand you missed the point and you are lame You think this is a game? This ain't no RPG mc chris is just a brand homes, that shit is hardly me Tryin to hustle for the dollar, and get somethin to eat Pay my bills, buy some games, and perhaps a little weed Is that too much to ask? Do I seem too defensive? Pensive over lessons that some fans are double guessin? You guessed it; and how does an MC stay impressive to all the naysayers, knuckleheads, and rubberneckers? By mic checkin I reckon, reflect a moment or second On the most bad-ass tag team you seen since Tekken Representin like I'm Fenton, all ass I kick mc chris will let you in if you don't start no shit, c'mon! [11 seconds of instrumental to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Eating's Not Cheating Song: Yacht Birds Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Is she dope, yep, ass in full effect She walks into the room and all the guys come down with strep Thinkin they can step, their hands go up with sweat But she be down with me since +Fett's Vette+ (jets, jets) She's a hard drinka, a lollypop licker A pistol packing mama got me posed like a thinker She gold like the Aztecs or is it the Incas She call the shot and the shot be cunnilingus She heavensent on the X-Box playing Halo Wish that she would clean my pipes like she was Draino Wish she wasn't hotter than a plate of jalapeños I feel like the kid, that wants to eat his Play-Doh You shouldn't cause it should be bad for your health Take one look at her and you be screamin for help Or call up the police say put me in a cell I can't resist this dish I'm under Emily's spell If you couldn't already tell I love every iota Yoda should have told me she was off to South Dakota One more yacht bird flew the coop I guess old Gordy done screwed the pooch Only thing I love more than herb is the bird But my luck's kinda fucked it's a wonder that I flirt But I do and I will cause I'm still just a nerd Ever been left behind, let me hear you say word [mc chris] She's a go getter dressed in a sweater We watched _Black Hawk Down_ together Her name's Heather, there's no better Didn't wan't her to go, but I had to let her Remember hot weather, there I first met her Ellen was saying we should so get together Miss going on dates, girls getting dolled up Outside the yacht club, can't belive she showed up Scholios chick, one fake tit Always bitin her lip, always walkin with a limp Always talkin shit, always beggin to kiss Cause you can't resist the lips of an mc chris We only had a month to hump it was rough She was the first one that brought over a tooth brush She missed home, horses in the barn Life was sucking so Kentucky was pulling her arm Just one bird that got away Keep up to date by checkin her LJ On my birthday she bought me Chucks Not only does it blow it totally sucks [mc chris] Her name was L.B., she was an actress I filled up her spaces like madlibs Way above average she was just a sad kid So I couldn't help but give the girl my address She live in Texas like to get messed up Like to tease the boys so she always got dressed up Like to get in fights with the truckers at the rest stop She was top notch and her bod was the best part Fan of mine summertime droppin me a line Sounded kinda cute couldn't help but reply Chillin in her pool squintin at the sky Cell phone rings mc says high So we're talking everyday, flirtin up a storm Plans a road trip I say word is born And my mind's set on porn, and I think I'm gonna score I get down on all fours start scrubbin all the floors Then I get all nervous that an accident is imminent Never have a chance to relax and get intimate Arrives at my drive, I sigh, get all shy So we all get all high walk down little 5 Do a shot buy some pot, take a seat on the street She's cute and she's nice and she's hot and she's sweet And she makes the first move cause I'm set on defeat Then I tongue lap her flaps till she snaps and she screams And she just leaves, and I'm kinda relieved No OD's VD's hearts on my sleeve Not a stalker just a talker ass tight as a weave Once a newbie now a groupie double clicking on me - what? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Eating's Not Cheating Song: Care Bear (Kelly's Song) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] You're cute as a care bear, I don't even care where You tell me to be, you know I'm gonna be there Know I'm gonna repair, your broken heart, I swear Cross my own on a dare, Al Capone love affair Got style extraordinaire, prepare for the rare mc devil-may-care, with the bev high hair I will be fair, no more sad solitaire I'll go to work like Dirk and save you from your Dragon's Lair You can't compare Well, ain't life a bitch, a daily kick in the dick Well if I had a dime for everytime, you know that I'd be rich What makes it worthwhile, is your beautiful smile I can't conceive the life I'd lead, if you would leave then I would die [mc chris] mc chris will appear from the rear with headphones on his ears And a head full of tears, because his girly is not near And he fears she be on a pimp's stick shiftin gears Another bitch ass trick that's a ho after some beers Should I say amaretto sour If I see ya drinkin PBR you're mine within the hour You can be my woman Wanda, I will be your Doogie Howser We'll play doctor, take a shower, go outside, pick you a flower Write you a haiku, say that I love you I can't afford a box of chocolates so yo here's a Yoo-Hoo The voodoo that you do is somethin I'm not used to I won't decline cause in time I'll be true blue [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Eating's Not Cheating Song: Boys Don't Cry Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] I met you on Friendster, your name was all weird I feared the worst but the more I learned it all became clear You were a female peer, just a few years younger than I And you wrote the longest letters, the very best size [mc chris] You live in London, use slang like prat You were datin the gym one akin to tight abs I'd spend the days half tryin to make you laugh But you wouldn't write back, give me some more of that Well after one week, I knew I was hooked You'd blush at each key stroke of X O without gettin one look at the other side guy his pics might be fake This type of shit happens every day I'm no rock star, a clock watchin drone Whose breath stinks of liquor all stoned like lawn gnomes No girlfriend, no hook ups, just lovelorn and fucked up No friend to just vent on, one who'll say all bets off Concert was cancelled, you answered my e-mail Turns out you're bummed out didn't want to give details A mate had OD'd, I could feel your heart beat I miss you never met you, X O, mc [Chorus - repeat 2X using voicebox] Boys don't cry, they prefer ballin And shot callin, tear drops fallin I'm jonzin harder than Gollum Please God say that's London callin [mc chris] Why you gotta be so far away? Why do plane tickets gotta cost an arm and a leg? Maybe I should save a couple dollars a day So without delay, I can look at your face Smell your hair, rest my hand on your neck Never mind neckin, you know what comes next I'll buy you a dress at that place owned by Dodi Fayed And give you head every night before bed But you might not D-I-G mc Might think me too brash or condescending A sad finish without taking a first step Can't avoid sayin somethin that I will regret but I bet that we would hit it off great I could come to you, or you could come to the states Get you a job at MTV, whatever you need +I'm a Slave 4 U+ like Britney was to J.T. Romance is a cruel trick, play me like school kids Don't know if I should do this if I'm stupid or just foolish Can't help but pursue this despite you bein half a world from me What I wouldn't give to sit and sip a cup of tea While you nibbled on a crumpet, I'd love it indeed Sincerely yours, X O mc... [Chorus] - 2X (and on to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Eating's Not Cheating Song: My Name Is (DC Flag Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Hey John (yeah) John, turn me up in my headphones (okay) Uhh John, John it's too loud (Oh okay wait) John (wait a second) John turn it down (wait a second) J-John, John are you there? (Yes!) [mc chris] Well my name is mc, I'm like no other A short-sized, high-pitched, white-skinned brother And when I say white yo I don't mean pink Cause my skin's about as white as White Out ink When I step into the sun, burst into flames like the Human Torch, no lives to save Said I, don't go to clubs, and I, don't go to raves And I, don't go to pubs, and I don't go to parades So where do I go, you might call a hooch parlour If you don't know the password don't bother It's where all the ladies leave their lipstick on my collar But I tell them to be gone cause all they 'ant is my dollar Mahler, uses to write symphonies Name is mc and I claim to be Star material like astrology Punk rock, hip-hop, and R&B Watch me blend it up like a daquiri It's why all the honies be mackin me Ah-waitin in the alley, sneak attackin me Tearin off my clothes, ass smackin me Back when we, didn't have no record deal Still managed to make the ladies squeal Word up... and you knowwwwwwwwwwwwwww [Chorus - repeat 2X] Name is mc, shout it back to me At the count of three, 1-2-3 (mc!) Say my name is mc, shout it back to me At the count of three, 1-2-3 (mc!) [mc chris] Name is mc, drivin 'round in my C-I-V-I-C I see you girls walkin by, lookin fly Soft to the touch like a porcupine, blow my mind Name's mc, me multiplied Don't call home cause I'm out tonight I taste real good like pumpkin pie I only smoke the pipe when there's skunk inside Can it be? Her fingers slippin down My L-E-V-I jeans I be so happy now, without a doubt Like I just smoked an ounce, fucked and bounced What the fuck you be talkin 'bout mc backwards cotton mouth Not on the mic, I'm kickin yo' ass at Balderdash Yout can't stop me now, you can't stop me! [mc chris] Ah-well my name is mc, I come from a place Called L-I-B-E-R-T-Y V-I-L-L-E... in the place to be With a Lil' Bo Peep eatin edamame I'm eatin Chick Filet Get up on the mic and stay for days Drunk off that Citron lemonade And a little bit of Tanqueray {*slurring*} but I'm okay Eyes wide, stir fried like Vietnamese Adam and Eve, aho as we please With nothing but a bucket of ice up my sleeve Ask Mr. T and the fuckin A-Team A beam in your face, mc chris in the place With a mouth full of toothpaste Library book paste the due date So many hoes I get the group rate You're too late! [Chorus] - minus shoutbacks Artist:	mc chris Album:	Dungeon Master of Ceremonies Song:	FTW Typed by: Mad_Dawg_2020@yahoo.com mc the name, my kick is the crane display wide range of shit for dem Hanes You pella like panes, I'm hella teh lame a chemical craze some find hard to face A rhymer for days, rhyme 'cause it pays Eat Frito-Lays whenever I'm blazed My skull's on fire so call me Nick Cage Dress in all black so please call me Chris Gaines You wanted a jam, put others to shame Here I am, the title I claim In world full of Blains, I'm just a Ducky lucky in love 'cause these hoes wanna fuck me I'm not a jock, do not like sports I punch a clock chocked full of force like to drink beers and chill with my friends then turn on mc 'cause it's for the win! mc chris! mc chris for the win! mc chris for the win! mc chris for the win! Dope mc's in disbelief mc rhyme, John flip da beats Pimp the bill, we fill the seats Kick us out, we fill the streets! Mic magician check the sleeves no tricks, my schtick's my masterpiece You know how I spell that fast relief? mc stands for MASTER CHIEF! Hip-to-be-Squares won't admit defeat while they inhale antihistamines Now please spark a spliff of the crystal kief then try to beat me at Soul Callibur 3 Feelin' fatigued? Just gettin' started Chillin' with chicks who are gonna get carded Livin' this life 'til I'm dearly departed now open a window 'cause somebody farted! mc chris! mc chris for the win! mc chris for the win! mc chris for the win! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	mc chris Album:	Dungeon Master of Ceremonies Song:	Blastic Typed by: Mad_Dawg_2020@yahoo.com Thanks to my rhyme inventin', I've ascended to the heavens Did I fail to mention, got more ice than march of penguins? I'm rich; I make the poor people cry and I bet it all black because it can't be denied I'm in debt... but we'll worry about that later Let me show you the crib, the pool, and the elevator Ben Grim is my trainer, Ben Sherman is my tailor diamond encrusted inhaler just in case I get the vapors Like Mead, I'm makin' paper but I aint spiral bound as in downward, ain't a coward when I'm schoolin' these clowns Leave 'em foolish and droolin' like they come down with the downs Swan divin' like I'm Scrooge into a pool full of pounds Black plastic; yeah, know you gotta have it Blaze in the back, my motorcade stops traffic Black plastic, debts gettin' drastic Don't care, don't dare me to blast, kid! Black plastic, know you gotta have it Blaze in the back, my motorcade stops traffic Black plastic, debts gettin' drastic Don't care, don't dare me to blast, kid! You've seen the heliport, let's go check out my rides This is a Lamborgini Porsche, it's a one of kind It's like the batmobile with a McDonald's inside Sit in the comfort of your garage, inhale a burger and fries As for clothes, man, you knows I be pimpin' them coats Dolce and Gabbana, Prada - yeah, I guess that's dope but, yo, I bought the vatican, I cold own the pope make him lock and pop with a pope remote Ben and Jerry's in the kitchen and I mean the two guys They're makin me a sundae called the mc Surprise I feed it to my dogs 'cause I'm watchin' my size then I tell them hippies bolt because I'm fuckin' tonight! Yeah, I got a harem; welcome to the Virgin Zone Snuck 'em out of Muslim Heaven like I'm Indiana Jones Like the Himalayan Hulk, you may think I'm all alone but I got a bag a bitches and they're beggin to bone! Black plastic; yeah, know you gotta have it Blaze in the back, my motorcade stops traffic Black plastic, debts gettin' drastic Don't care, don't dare me to blast, kid! Black plastic, know you gotta have it Blaze in the back, my motorcade stops traffic Black plastic, debts gettin' drastic Don't care, don't dare me to blast, kid! Roller coaster in the back yard... SHO' NUFF! Five drops and a cave part... SHO' NUFF! People starvin' in my home town... SHO' NUFF! Fuck 'em, I got gold now! ("Show-off!") Black plastic; yeah, know you gotta have it Blaze in the back, my motorcade stops traffic Black plastic, debts gettin' drastic Don't care, don't dare me to blast kid! Black plastic, know you gotta have it Blaze in the back, my motorcade stops traffic Black plastic, debts gettin' drastic Don't care, don't dare me to blast kid! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	mc chris Album:	Dungeon Master of Ceremonies Song:	Kingdom Farts Typed by: Mad_Dawg_2020@yahoo.com I'm a dank burner 'cause I'm earnin' some bank No one to spend it on because I ain't got a mate so I put it in my system where I procrastinate playin' games of video, I'm sure that you can relate I like Hack-n-Slash, FPS, my favorite's third person Shotgun blast to some brains is my perversion Mixin' up the herbs, weapon upgrades use the silencer if that shit's on fade Reside in a hazy hobbit hole, I never vamanos My best friend's Papa John and The Noid from Domino's Sometimes I skip a shower, I smell like a stinky toad Every console you can think of on the brink of Jericho I would never buy a gun, I would never take a life but I'll snipe you in the eye if I see that you're online I'm a kinda quiet guy 'cause I'm always in my mind I would say give me a try if I ever went outside Home alone on my thrown, everywhere I go I own I'm a troll, packin' bowls, yo, it's in my chromosomes It brings out the best in me in very scary ways I've been down with bootin' up since Sierra Games Home alone on my thrown, everywhere I go I own I'm a troll, packin' bowls, yo, it's in my chromosomes It brings out the best in me in very scary ways I've been down with bootin' up since Sierra Games Dinin' on some Deep Dish, listin' to Cheap Trick live this life of chronic, Life Aquatic made me seasick On my Wii or my 3 or my 3-6 Cross-legged, playin' bongos like a beatnik I'm gettin' baked with Solid Snake and Ratchet and Clank Pot with Ocelot 'cause he's got the mad dank We're drinkin' Sunny D 'cause the purple stuff's rank We never step outside, sun exposure's unsafe I'm not a party guy unless it's Mario Party time I'd rather kill some Zombie Army Guys while playin' R.E. 5 or the second God of War or the first Half-Life 2 Now roll up the blunt with my degree from NYU I got the game thumb, the basement's the place to be President's daughter has been kidnapped and it's up to me In my pixelated palace, there's a policy: if the world hangs in the balance, you best call mc! Home alone on my thrown, everywhere I go I own I'm a troll, packin' bowls, yo, it's in my chromosomes It brings out the best in me in very scary ways I've been down with bootin' up since Sierra Games Home alone on my thrown, everywhere I go I own I'm a troll, packin' bowls, yo, it's in my chromosomes It brings out the best in me in very scary ways I've been down with bootin' up since Sierra Games "...Do you want to kill a baby?" Home alone on my thrown, everywhere I go I own I'm a troll, packin' bowls, yo, it's in my chromosomes It brings out the best in me in very scary ways I've been down with bootin' up since Sierra Games Home alone on my thrown, everywhere I go I own I'm a troll, packin' bowls, yo, it's in my chromosomes It brings out the best in me in very scary ways I've been down with bootin' up since Sierra Games. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Dungeon Master of Ceremonies Song: Segue Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*BEEEEEEEEP*} [Secretary] Mr. Chandler, mc chris is here to see you {Brrr, send him in} [mc chris] Heyyyyy! Mr. Chandler, what's happenin man? {Heeeey kid...} How you doin? I haven't seen you in like forever man {Yeah yeah...} What's happening? What you call me here for man? {Come over here, take a pew, sit down, lets talk some business} Shiiit man, and you look great! I haven't seen you in like forever man, you like lost weight {Thanks} You, did you get lasik surgery? {Lasik surgery? No! I got 20-20 vision; are you drunk?!} Yes, I am drunk, aaaand I'm proud of it There was a show last night and it was off the hizzle for bliggle And we did some cocaine and some methamphetamines by seven o'clock in the mornin I was ridin a whole team of horses on the ocean, the skin of the water man {What? What's the matter with you?} What? {You spendin money we don't have man! {You gotta remember my fortune's tied to yours!} {My kids are eatin out of dumpsters - look at this!} {Look at this thin sliver of a desk I have here} {They repossessed 80% of my desk! And you know how much I like hot dogs!} {There's no room for hotdogs on my desk anymore! You see that?} {What's wrong with you? You gotta start makin mooneeey!} I'm sorry! I'm tryin the best I possibly can! I'm just one man! Have you heard the new songs man? You heard the skits? {Yeah, but the songs stinks! And the skits are costin too much cheddar maaan!} We, we need those skits they break up the monotony of the music and people come to exp... {I don't get the whole skit thing, frankly they're not funny {They're NOT funny} It's funny aaaand people love 'em {It's just references; who's getting these references?} A lot of people are! Everybody gets when you hear something you've heard before that's comedyyyy! {No, that's not comedy} {The songs you're writing now are garbage - everybody hates them} What are you talkin about? They're hilarious! {You gotta get back to your roots} {What was that song everybody liked?} "Hijack?" {No! The song, that everybody liked} {It was popular. People quoted it} "Tussin" {Tussin?! No! What the hell is Tussin?} {It was the song about the guy from Star Wars in his car...} "Fett's Vette" - "Fett's Vette" {No, it was the bounty hunter from Star Wars in his...} Yeah, it's "Fett's Vette" Mr. Chandler! {No, it was that guy, he was a bounty hunter, he was in Star Wars...} Mr. Chandler! It's "Fett's Vette!" Listen to me! Look at me! Look at me in the eyes! "It's Fett's Vette!" {What was it?} "Fett's Vette!" {Yeah, Fett's Vette, that's it} {You gotta write more songs like Fett's Vette} {Come on, there were like twelve bounty hunters on that super star destroyer} Ahhh! Come on Mr. Chandler it's played out! You can't ask me to do this! {It's not played out, what am I tellin you here? {You gotta write more songs about bounty hunters from Star Wars, in vehicles} {Like, I can't believe I'm comin up with this for ya} {Uhh, uhh, "Zuckuss' Prius" or uuuhh, "IG-88's '57 Chevy"} Awwhh Mr. Chandler {"Dengar's Dump Truck!"} No! {They are great ideas, listen} {If you put "Bossk on a Segway," you gonna sell records!} {Now let me cleverly use that to segue to my next point to you} {which is that you gotta get out on the red carpet!} I get out on the red carpet all the time! Me... I ate my girls last night! Yum! {No! I'm not talkin about givin cunnilingus while a woman is menstruating} {I'm talkin about gettin out there, shakin people's hands} {I'm talkin about gettin the name out there!} {Get into some car accidents with Lindsey Lohan!} I can't into a car accident they won't let me drive a car cause I have a pegleg {Keep fightin me, see where it gets ya - get out there!} {Get to the YouTube awards! Get to the internet Emmies!} They have those? {I don't know if they have those! Get on the internet, find out! {And if they exist, go to them! You gotta get out and impress the flesh! Ah! [Secretary] Mr. Chandler, those two assassins you hired to kill mc chris on the red carpet so as to cement his icon status and increase record sales are on line two {Oooh, busted... uhhh, I gotta take this call} Uhhhh okay Mr. Chandler, I guess I'll just head on out! {Hey kid!} Yeah, Mr. Chandler? {Get the fuck out of my office!} Uhhh okay Mr. Chandler The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	mc chris Album:	Dungeon Master of Ceremonies Song:	Check the Ring, Yo Typed by: Mad_Dawg_2020@yahoo.com Well, my name is mc chris, I saw that you were alone I don't know if you knew this but I rock the microphone You look one kind of lonely - I'm so the antidote You look seven kinds of juicy like a slice of cantaloupe You rock the Sheena Easton 'cause, girlfriend, you got the look And no, I am not teasin', you can read me like a book Erotic fiction in the kitchen, we'll experiment with foods Leftovers on my boner puts me in a mighty mood Okay, I'm a little forward, maybe I should try reverse; what's your name, what's you game, mind if I rifle through your purse? Here's the capper, I'm a rapper, just do a Google search; twenty pages, I'm amazin'! What's your addy? I'll send merch! That's when I saw the rock, the ice, the diamond! It hit me like it's lightning! It's frightening! I'm cryin' "I was stylin', profilin', down payment on my Scion His name is Brian, he's in Fallujah freedom fightin' so don't ask me who's your daddy. I'm someone else's mommy You can buy me all my drinks, but you don't get no punani." It's so scary, they're all married. This party just got gnarley Matahari just got sorry, gotta roll like Katamari! Ay! Ay! Ay! Check the ring, yo! Ay! Ay! Ay! Hit the bling, WHOA! Ay! Ay! Ay! Check the ring, yo! I thought I was a man 'til I saw the wedding band Ay! Ay! Ay! Check the ring, yo! Ay! Ay! Ay! Hit the bling, WHOA! Ay! Ay! Ay! Check the ring, yo! I thought I was a man 'til I saw the wedding band Well, my name is mc cringle and, yes, ladies, I'm still single I sadly still read comics; yes, I'll vomit if I mingle Caught the curves of Cutey Buttons, lookin' hotter than an oven Hold up, girl; now back that ass up like your name was Lizzie Grubman Don't make push come to shovin', all I wants a little lovin' Surely somethin', I ain't frontin'. Aww, come on, Cuddle Muffin Nah, I ain't no scrub and don't proliferate with pigeons Been tested for disease, even tested for emissions She removed her party gloves and then said, "I'm sorry, love." I'm embarassed, she's got carrots while in Paris from some thug "Oh, he's here and he's a fan, very deft at dashing plans." Goddamn these wedding bands, they're on every single hand! Well, I wish you both the best, congrats, good luck I'll send a present in the post with a note that says "you suck." Sorry that I've been so angered by endangered naked digits Life never caters to my wishes; eff these hater bitches Ay! Ay! Ay! Check the ring, yo! Ay! Ay! Ay! Hit the bling, WHOA! Ay! Ay! Ay! Check the ring, yo! I thought I was a man 'til I saw the wedding band Ay! Ay! Ay! Check the ring, yo! Ay! Ay! Ay! Hit the bling, WHOA! Ay! Ay! Ay! Check the ring, yo! I thought I was a man 'til I saw the wedding band Life, it never goes my way, I know Maybe I'm alone 'cause I call these bitches hoes Life, it never goes my way, I know Maybe I'm alone 'cause I call these bitches hoes Life, it never goes my way, I know Maybe I'm alone 'cause I call these bitches hoes Life, it never goes my way, I know Maybe I'm alone 'cause I call these bitches hoes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	mc chris Album:	Dungeon Master of Ceremonies Song:	Wiid Typed by: Mad_Dawg_2020@yahoo.com Weed is by my side, it's always been there Always been there, always been there Weed is by my side, it's always been there Always been there, always been there Weed is by my side, it's always been there Always been there, always been there Weed is by my side, it's always been there Always been there, always been there We're smokin' that Danger Girl We're smokin' that Gen 13 Bong's called Yoda, man and Yoda can't a bag filled with stems and seeds Yo, I can't stand no ecstacy Cocaine made a mess of me Beer and booze are now things that I use to do Don't misconstrue, I'm still abusin' weed Some kids like to get fucked up actin' black by rollin' them blunts I got a one hitter called Margot Kidder and I only need to hit that shit once 'cause I ain't made of nickels and dimes Fat kind make me tickled inside Say no to cuttin' up lines that's one-point-twenty-one jiggawatt jive And I ain't no Nancy Reagan just sayin' kinda take it slow Say yeah to the jazz cigarette say nil to the thrills of pills and blow Teen years about gettin' beat down and your twenties 'bout smokin' them pounds Stick around for the sticky amounts flick a Bic 'til your stuck to the couch I'm the sativa cyborg I smell that shit like a wine cork I hope they never legalize then High Times won't have anything to fight for I used to smoke with kids at shows but I stopped 'cause they all had colds but I got Emergen-C and a bag of Coldeeze and mad trees so let's all get stoned! Weed is by my side, it's always been there Always been there, always been there Weed is by my side, it's always been there Always been there, always been there Weed is by my side, it's always been there Always been there, always been there Weed is by my side, it's always been there Always been there, always been there After a show, you're a friend of mind handshake with a prize inside These are Batman Begins hallucinagens These whammies are weaponized LSD and shrooms, I tried them was a time when I wouldn't deny them All you need is one trip where you lose your shit kiss goodbye to the sky with diamonds; but I keep coming back like it's Atkins fat 'cause the weed's like crack cocaine but the risk you take is just getting baked you're surely gonna see the next day They say we fund Al Qaeda Sounds like the government's jealous Let's get the enemy stoned bring our ninjas home - to hell with Christian zealots 'cause all we need is some weed and a laid back beat black lights if you stereotype couple bean bag chairs and a lack of airs a marathon of price is right What's the 4-1-1 for realzies? I freeze my Reese's Pieces It's like everytime I pack a pipe my appetite suddenly increases You know what a cracka mean green leaves my cractorbeam addicted like it's gasoline, just pass the trees while I live that cracker dream but I might have to cease my deeds I might have to take control 'cause I ain't down with little mc growin' up in a cloud of my second-hand smoke Weed is by my side, it's always been there Always been there, always been there Weed is by my side, it's always been there Always been there, always been there Weed is by my side, it's always been there Always been there, always been there Weed is by my side, it's always been there Always been there, always been there The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Dungeon Master of Ceremonies Song: Twelve Sided Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Outta my way [Reporter] Beautiful night out here on the red carpet [mc chris] Motherfucker outta my way! [Reporter] MC, MC, come on over here! [mc chris] Who the fuck are you? I don't know you! [Reporter] how you doin? my name's Joe Garden from television [mc chris] Fuck you, Joe Garden I don't know you from shit! [Reporter] MC you got a new record coming out called "Drinking Blunts & Smoking Forties" [mc chris] "Drinkin' Blunts & Smokin' 40's" I won't talk about shit Get the fuck outta my face! [Reporter] Ok... and your new single "Smackababy," endorsing infant [mc chris] "Smackababy!" Make me go crazy! Smack that shit! [Reporter] Alright and moving on, who are you wearing tonight you look fantastic! [mc chris] Fuck Youse who I'm wearing bitch you need to get the fuck outta my way! Where the fuck is the fuckin craft service? [Reporter] MC one last question, how did you come up with the name mc Chris? [mc chris] Fuck you's how I came up with it What the fuck are you talk... who the fuck? Where did you come from you son of a bitch? {Yo! Which one of you motherfuckers is MC Chris?} {Yeah motherfuckers!} [mc chris] Who wants to know? {Yo we do! We got a message for you from Reggie!} [mc chris] Reggie? What's it say? {He wanna say somethin like +THIS!!!+} {*machine gun fire*} [Killers] {Yeah yeah yeah yeah} {Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah die bitch} {Yeah yeah motherfucker} {Yeah yeah motherfuckin dead} {Yo you're fuckin dead yo} {Yeah yeah yo you see that paparazzo} {Yeah paparazzo} {We killed your king} {Deal yeah we killed your king} {We killed your king all you fuckin nerdy-ass bitches} {We just made you twelve sided die mothfucker} {Yo check out I'm wearing your fuckin face} {Rapzilla's wearin your face mc chris} {I'm getting my picture taken with your face on man} {I'm takin his picture with your face on} {Yeah yeah yeah oh shit} {I'm takin his picture with my my camera phone} {I'm wiping my ass with your motherfuckin ass ain't that a bitch} {Where's your jet pack now motherfucker} {I'm wiping my ass with your ass bitch} {Where's your jet pack now?} {*machine gun fire*} {Be our MySpace friend motherfucker} {Cracked out} {Everybody who used to be motherfuckin mc chris' MySpace friend} {Be our MySpace friend} {be our MySpace friend yo} {Yo CrackedOutHipHop.com} {Yeah join that shit bitch} {Check out our videos and our songs better than this dead motherfucker} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	mc chris Album:	Dungeon Master of Ceremonies Song:	Townie Typed by: Mad_Dawg_2020@yahoo.com "Where are we?" "I'm thirsty." "There's a church up ahead, maybe there's something in here..." [Door open] "These don't look like Presbyterians!" "They look like... puppets." "I THOUGHT WE SOUNDED REALLY GOOD, MAN, I THOUGHT WE SOUNDED PRETTY GOOD!" "OHHHHHH, YEEEEEAAAH!" All these rappers are so serious, it's crackin' me up Kid consumers tired of posers so he's backin' me up Jump in the back of the truck, or the front of my bike mc chris is comin' to your town. ("Aiight.") I'm the Dungeon Master master of the ceremony comin' to your territory, cheese it up like macaroni We'll get seven kinds of stoney in the parking lot proper; want me to hit your jurisdiction, just submit Chris an offer Girls be neckin' on my wood in your neck of the woods Groupie girlies give it up because pup got the goods You think that they'd be less devout over somethin' so stout but I guess they're all about Guiness 'cause they're turnin' me out This is for the anthem kids 'cause they know who Ansem is I'm not a corporate clown so it's not like they could cancel Chris I'm just an activist, my fans are cyber savages I may seem kinda lame but I got more game then babbages mc chris is comin' to your town tonight mc chris is down to bring the sound to life On the pressure point precise like a kid on Fisher Price watch him kick it wicked nice on the microphone device mc chris is comin' to your town tonight mc chris is down to bring the sound to life On the pressure point precise like a kid on Fisher Price watch him kick it wicked nice on the microphone device mc's going platinum, the Cubs won the pennant race ice comin' out my ass like my name was Bobby Drake a hundred hoes with no clothes comin' out my birthday cake; did I fail to mention everything I say is kinda fake? It's how Mister Ward escapes when the people player hate when I'm feelin' kinda down, overlooked and overweight I roll back my eyes, clear my mind and proceed paint a picture-perfect world called the house of mc You don't have to visit, you can always not listen even though a world without my music's kinda cataclysmic I used to rip tickets. Karate kick districts; kinda like Kismet, like when Leia met Wickett. ("Jub jub.") Decadent downloads put a dump in your rump That's right, I'm shittin' your pants, punchin' chumps in the junk I'm surveyin' your surroundings and I'm samplin' your skunk mc chris is comin' 'round, now's when you throw your hands up! mc chris is comin' to your town tonight mc chris is down to bring the sound to life On the pressure point precise like a kid on Fisher Price watch him kick it wicked nice on the microphone device mc chris is comin' to your town tonight mc chris is down to bring the sound to life On the pressure point precise like a kid on Fisher Price watch him kick it wicked nice on the microphone device We delivered in the Dirty, impressed the Southwest navigated North to ingest the best sess' met a couple honeys and had real live sex; okay, we just made out 'cause someone shouted, "MIC CHECK!" We been bouncin' in the mountains, we been paid in the glades we deliver solid products for affordable rates roam the range, makin' change, puttin' food on our plates got a BJ while the DJ played Duel of the Fates Life rules and it's great, they say I'm livin' a dream now and then it's like a nightmare though, you wouldn't believe For the most part it's like go carts doing turns at high speed life's a sweet summer vacation if your name is mc People, I'm a pimp, life's a bitch, fuck what ya heard Name a faster nerd when it comes to blastin' words Pixels in my pocket like my name was John Lasseter A bible camp van, it's a fifteen passenger! mc chris is comin' to your town tonight mc chris is down to bring the sound to life On the pressure point precise like a kid on Fisher Price watch him kick it wicked nice on the microphone device mc chris is comin' to your town tonight mc chris is down to bring the sound to life On the pressure point precise like a kid on Fisher Price watch him kick it wicked nice on the microphone device "Everybody get in the bus! Get in the bus!" "LET'S GO!" Drivin', drivin', drivin', drivin'.. Drivin', drivin', drivin', drivin'.. Drivin', drivin', drivin', drivin'.. DRIVIN', DRIVIN', DRIVIN', DRIVIN'.. DRIVIN', DRIVIN', DRIVIN', DRIVIN'.. DRIVIN', DRIVIN', DRIVIN', DRIVIN'.. DRIVIN', DRIVIN', DRIVIN', DRIVIN'.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	mc chris Album:	Dungeon Master of Ceremonies Song:	PW/OM (Party Without Me) Typed by: Mad_Dawg_2020@yahoo.com Blue jeans, check! Black-T, check! Record my raps on a cassette tape deck Wearin' no sweats 'cause Nike owns Chucks Three rows of studs 'cause hoes wanna fuh-! Axe to max on my nasty socks synchronize with a text but I guess I'm blocked I'd leave voicemail but it would just be mocked Wake up my mom, dad'd clean my clock! "Hey, mom, it's me - no need for alarm Gonna be a party that's the straight-up bomb Here's your keys and your coat and Louis Vuitton." She's like, "Uggghhh...," and you know that it's on! She's gotta do some errands and a couple of chores drop the videos off, hit the grocery store "If your gonna be a bitch, trick, get on all fours!" "If you don't watch that lip, it's goodbye to your porn!" Word is born, say no worries and we're out in a hurry I beg for Mickey D's, cold mac a McFlurry Pulls the Prius into Payless and I start gettin' worried Turn on the radio, started listning to Journey Don't start the party with out me! Say it one more time, but this time say it loudly! I said don't start the party with out me! Say it one more time, but this time say it loudly! I bet there's pot, I never tried it Bet there's lots, I'm so excited My first beer, no fear, why fight it? Hope it's not a problem that I'm not invited! Got a party jones like I'm a Kennedy Eleven-fifteen, night was never meant to be My maternal enemy is sure to be the end of me She in there buyin' shoes like she a centipede Next to the pharmacy, I mac on a magazine Party's thumpin' in my brain, blood throbbin' to the beat I can see the honey bees while they're breakin' up the trees shotugn with tongue; that'd be off the heez! Bitch, please! Not Barnes and Noble! Clock's tickin', everybody's totaled By the time I get there, there'll be nobody home Dont get me started, just get me stoned! Don't start the party with out me! Say it one more time, but this time say it loudly! I said don't start the party with out me! Say it one more time, but this time say it loudly! PARTY! ...Without me.. CVS, Payless, Barnes and Blockbuster Hit by tear gas made of minimall mustard Buyin' tampons, rentin' Prince of Tides Grease 2, and Just One of the Guys One hell of a night, one hell of a ride If you're not allowed to drive, gotta empathize I'm way in the back, prayin', "Jesus, please!" Watchin' Dora the Explorer on the DVD and why didn't we hit the party in the first place? "'Cause I don't want my son gettin' shit-faced!" I did a spit take, it's almost midnight keg's tapped, no fun, no fist fights Goodnight, goodbye, sweet Bacchanal that was somewhere in the condos by the shopping mall She's says I'm too young for beer and drugs "Maybe when you're grown up, you can go and get crunk." Don't start the party with out me! Say it one more time, but this time say it loudly! I said don't start the party with out me! Say it one more time, but this time say it loudly! Don't start the party with out me! Say it one more time, but this time say it loudly! I said don't start the party with out me! Say it one more time, but this time say it loudly! PARTY! ...Without me.. PARTY! ...Without me.. PARTY! ...Without me.. PARTY! ...Without me.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Dungeon Master of Ceremonies Song: The Package Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*harp music plays*} [Jesus] Ahh I love playing this harp, it relaxes me [mc chris] Huh? I was never shot I was never assassinated - I'M ALIVE!!! [Jesus] No (what?) You were shot; you're in Heaven [mc chris] No, no - you're St. Peter aren't you? [Jesus] What??!! St. Peter?! I'm Jesus! (Oh!) God damn you! St. Peter's a big, fat shit, with a hydrocephalic head (I'm sorry) Disgusting looking! (I'm sorry) How could you confuse? Maaan, look I got the classic beard, and the robe [mc chris] You're clearly Jesus (and the sandal feet) You're clearly Jesus, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!!! [Jesus] Take a look down there at the bottom of the robe [mc chris] Yeah what at your sandals? [Jesus] What do you see? No between the feet [mc chris] Is.. is that the tip of your? [Jesus] It's the tip of my dick [mc chris] No way! (Jesus has a Four foot dick) That's incredible how'd you... well you're Jesus! (Of course!) Yeah What do your balls look like? [Jesus] Let me.. let me tell you I thought to myself Jesus, you're Jesus What could you give yourself that nobody else in the universe would have? Allow me to hike up my robe here (ahh) Clear balls - with goldfish swimming around in them! [mc chris] That's inc.. look how cute they are! There's like a little castle in there (Castle, treasure chest, skeleton) And a little diving man, it's so cute (Heh heh heh heh) I could spend the whole day there (I'm sayin!) When you're having sex with a women doesn't that... Isn't that painful I mean it's gotta be! [Jesus] Well let me tell you what I'd do I would magically just extend their cervix 'til up to about their sternum (oh okay I see) or throat area and that generally makes it fine But to tell you the truth, I I'm not really having sex with women too much these days [mc chris] Really? [Jesus] To tell you the truth I'm actually having sex with um It's a creature of my own uh, imagining if you will (ohh) I searched my imagination and thought what, what What's the creature that I Jesus find most attractive? (Huh) And it turns out it's kind of a, a dinosaur dragon bird type creature It looks actually like you know when Discovery Channel was doing that thing on like, you know what if raptors had feathers? (Oh yeah, yeah yeah yeah I saw that - I saw that yeah) It looks a lot like that [mc chris] But if you're Jesus you don't You don't really need Discovery Channel I mean you've seen the dinosaurs already [Jesus] Nah that was uh before I was born actually (Ahh yeah) Yeah (yeah) Alright here let's get down to business I've got the list of things you did in your life here (ooh) Let's see you were a pretty bad drunk (yeah) You made a lot of stupid skits on your records (yeah) You did have thirty thousand MySpace friends [mc chris] Yeah, yeah I did that's, that's true! (That means something up here) Really? [Jesus] Yeah, you know who'd be interested to hear that? My buddy Lincoln HEY LINCOLN~!! You know this guy's got thirty thousand MySpace friends? {Thirty thousand MySpace friends, is he usin bots?} I don't know, I'll ask him - are you usin bots? (No! It's just fan base) No he's not usin bots, it's just fan base {Is he a porn star?} No it's not a porn star, it's mc chris {HUH!} It's great; I've got, you know everybody {Hey Beethoven~!! This guy's got thirty thousand MySpace friends} from Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure up here (Oh that's cool, that's cool) It's pretty... it's pretty cool {{Thirty thousand MySpace friends! Is he using bots?}} Except uh, Keanu {Huh that's what I asked; nope, no bots} And uhh, Alex Winter {{Is he a porn star?}} What are you deaf? Or is that is that you or Mozart? I can never remember {*BEEEEEEEEP*} [Secretary] That dragon bird lady is on line two again [Jesus] Ohhh this dragon bird won't leave me alone (Oh shit Jesus what'll we do?!) I try to be honest I try to say "Dragon bird, it's just a sex thing, I don't want a relationship" (Right, right, right) This dragon bird is super into me, you gotta help me You gotta help me out here [mc chris] Well uh Jesus use your powers! [Jesus] Hmm yes!! How about this? We switch places You become Jesus, and I'll become you and I'll go down to Earth and enjoy some moderate success as a nerd rapper [mc chris] Well, I'm not just a nerd rapper I rap about all kinds of stuff My music kind of transcends boundaries [Jesus] Uhh suuuuuure it does Alright, let's do this thing {*finger snap*} {*beeeeep boooop*} [mc chris] Oh wow, a real beard, a full beard! [Jesus] Oh wow a big fat baby face [mc chris] A robe, a cool robe, and some bad-ass desert sandals! [Jesus] Oh look disgusting hobbit feet, great! [mc chris] Well what'll we do now Jesus? [Jesus] Now I'm going to open this trap door down here {*door hinge sound*} and climb down this ladder down to Earth Here I go! Oh okay, over there are towels (right) And the menus are in the drawer (okay) if you want to order out okay? Emergency numbers on the phone (right) And just have fun, remember to have fun [mc chris] I will Jesus you have fun too (alright byyyye!) Alright later Jesus, good luck! [Jesus] Climbing down the ladder Climbing down to earth Climbing down and I'm climbing down the ladder and oh my God! The ladder ended too soon!!!! (Jesus!) Why didn't they finish building this ladder?!?! (What are you doing?!) Oh my God, I'm falling! (Jesus don't fall!) Help me!! (Oh no!) Use your new Jesus powers to help me! (My new Jesus - what do I do?) Help me I'm falling! (Uhhh, parachute!) Come on! [mc chris] Para.. I just conjured up a parachute Jesus I'm throwing it down to you!! [Jesus] Parachute? That's the worst idea! Don't you know that the laws of physics dictate that two objects at different masses fall at the same speed? That parachute (catch the parachute!) No it'll never reach me you idiot Oh I'm falling! (Catch it, look for the parachute!) Oh my God I'm hitting the Earth's atmosphere at tremendous speed (Look for the parachute Jesus!) Oh the friction is causing me to burn up in the atmosphere (Do you see a parachute!?) Oh my God! I don't see a parachute My eyeballs are burning out! (Jesus, Jesus no!) Oh my God! I'm burning it hurts so bad! (Oh no, Jesus!) Oh my god! I'm ash I'm pure ash and I'm falling to earth! (Oh Jesus!) [Jesus] Oh I'm falling... and I'm lining on the mountain tops Oh the cool mountain tops (so peaceful) Oh the snow is cooling my charred ash (Jesus is okay, whew) OH GOD!!!!!!!! Oh skiers are skiing on me! [mc chris] Ahh Jesus you're being skied on! (Skiers are skiing all over me!) Oh Jesus! (I don't wanna die here!) Oh Jesus you poor soul! (Ohhhh and I'm dead) You died twice! (I'm dead) You're dead twice (I'm dead) {*harp music playing*} [Jesus] Well that didn't work (sorry dude) Obviously I died and, my soul came back to heaven Hey, are you St. Peter? [mc chris] What? No, dude [Jesus] No I'm just fuckin with ya! {*laughing*} [mc chris] You're always fuckin with me Jesus you son of a [Jesus] Oh man I got you [mc chris] You got me! [Jesus] Hey kid! [mc chris] Yeah? [Jesus] GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY OFFICE! OHHH, BAAAH, WOWWWWWWWWWW! Artist:	mc chris Album:	Dungeon Master of Ceremonies Song:	OMC Typed by: Mad_Dawg_2020@yahoo.com * Note: The chorus lyrics on the album version differ from the demo on MySpace "Oh, mc, won't you rhyme for me one time..." To the chicks and the bros, to the pimps and the hoes cheap seats to the front row! "Oh, mc, won't you rhyme for me one time..." To the kids in the Polo, to the nasty-ass hobos; welcome to the mc chris show! Okay, you want a rhyme, how would you like it cooked? I only serve it well, you can check the record books You can check my record sales, not bad for an Indie Want square beef, then go eat at Wendy's Now nerds are trendy, they call it Geek Chic Nerds never noticed, they were on their PCs Never mind a chill pill, you ill will get deep freezed now hold up for a second - mc can't breathe! HUUUHHH! Okay, I'm back, I shouldn't have left you I'm Max on the tracks, I might need some Headroom Allergic to my deaf tunes like they were legumes; in the distance, you'll be limbless sayin', "Just a flesh wound!" Sometimes I rhyme fast, sometimes I drink quick If this was gym class, I'd be the last picked but it's a rap record, a brand new jam fix Wait 'til the fans get their hands on this shit "Oh, mc, won't you rhyme for me one time..." To the chicks and the bros, to the pimps and the hoes cheap seats to the front row! "Oh, mc, won't you rhyme for me one time..." To the kids in the Polo, to the nasty-ass hobos; welcome to the mc chris show! Are you lost and alone like a lonely little goldfish? We fit together like soap in a soap dish I know you think that it's hopeless Well, let me fill you up with a cup of hot dopeness Kids, they quote Chris. Think I don't know this? Check the flow, bitch, you need to get to know kitsch If the niche fits, kids foamin' with canip' spit better stick 'cause a nine to five's for dipshits Ends with interest sweeter than a Chipwich stick to ya ribs like barbecue beef brisket Visit for a minute, get baked like I'm Bisquick Leave the ladies horny, give the dogs little lipsticks It's the hip shit Let your soul and spirit fly into the mystic Every song's on your wishlist. Every day's mcchristmas Now can I get a witness? "Oh, mc, won't you rhyme for me one time..." To the chicks and the bros, to the pimps and the hoes cheap seats to the front row! "Oh, mc, won't you rhyme for me one time..." To the kids in the Polo, to the nasty-ass hobos; welcome to the mc chris show! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	mc chris Album:	Dungeon Master of Ceremonies Song:	Arulpragasm Typed by: Mad_Dawg_2020@yahoo.com As much as I love comic and these video games I need a little something, not just any old dame I need a little lady, make my life less lame 'cause the future's harder to say than M.I.A.'s last name As much as I love comic and these video games I need a little something, not just any old dame I need a little lady, make my life less lame 'cause the future's harder to say than M.I.A.'s last name I'm a snuggle bear, write poetry and blog a lot in a hurry for a birdie I can snog a lot I'm the kinda guy that you should get to know Give you a neck message, make your vagina explode I like pop punk, hip-hop and NPR If I had a Huffy, you could ride the handlebars Got some battle scars but that means I survived Now I'm lookin' for a lady to walk by my side Better like Boy meets World and Lost Gotta have a little bit of soul, no WASPs Red hair helps, keep those hips on lock No fatties, no fuglies, I only hunt fox Do you like Metal Gear, 'cause I wanna see your box Do you like what you hear 'cause I got the bon motts If you're a snuggle bear, got the cuddle onslaught Yo, I rhyme about the booty, but I like it on top As much as I love comic and these video games I need a little something, not just any old dame I need a little lady, make my life less lame 'cause the future's harder to say than M.I.A.'s last name As much as I love comic and these video games I need a little something, not just any old dame I need a little lady, make my life less lame 'cause the future's harder to say than M.I.A.'s last name Ooh-bop-sh-bop, my baby Ooh-bop-sh-bop, my baby Ooh-bop-sh-bop, my baby Ooh-bop-sh-bop, my baby You don't have to be a nerd, yo Could you do the opera, could you do an Ergs show? I step off the stage and I'm totally alone Maybe's why I'm always runnin' to the 'dro I need a counterpart, need a better half; good sense of humor, yeah, you better like to laugh 'cause I'm always joking. See, the war gives me a rash If you're not a democrat, then you can kiss my ass Would you just be troublin', keep it bubblin' like a boulabaise? Go to the VMAs, would you rock the T and A? I need a cutie face, conversate for days wake up in the morning, act like we're still on a date And would you care, would you listen, would you love me for me? Promise not to get jealous because my shit is so "leet"? Stick with me through the thick and thin? I think that we should meet Fuck the Boulevard of Broken Dreams, I got that shit beat As much as I love comic and these video games I need a little something, not just any old dame I need a little lady, make my life less lame 'cause the future's harder to say than M.I.A.'s last name As much as I love comic and these video games I need a little something, not just any old dame I need a little lady, make my life less lame 'cause the future's harder to say than M.I.A.'s last name Ooh, Shalina, walkin' down the street, ten times a week I said it, I meant it, I stole my momma's credit I'm cool, smooth, hit me in the stomach one more time.. Down, down, baby, down by the roller coaster Sweet, sweet baby, I'll never let you go Down, down, baby, down by the roller coaster Sweet, sweet baby, I'll never let you go Down, down, baby, down by the roller coaster Sweet, sweet baby, I'll never let you go Down, down, baby, down by the roller coaster Sweet, sweet baby, I'll never let you go! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Dungeon Master of Ceremonies Song: Smackababy (Skit) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [some hick] Ranch dressing Thank you, thank you sir, you are... Thank you, very kind {*mc chris whistling*} [some hick] You are mc chris!! [mc chris] Uh no, no [some hick] I got all yo' cassette tapes [mc chris] I... I'm not mc chris, he's dead [some hick] mc chris I got all yo' cassette tapes [mc chris] I never put out cassette tapes, and he's dead [some hick] I got, heah! (And uhh, I can't stay) I gots, I got a, I got a song idea for you (I gotta go, I'm in a hurry) I got a song (I gotta uhh, I just gotta lea..) It's about... it's about babies~! [mc chris] I'm act.. I'm actually in a hurry [some hick] It's alled "Smackababy" [mc chris] It's a very, interesting, title [some hick] Hang on, hang on, hang on [mc chris] I'm in a hurry, I just.. okay [some hick] Hold tight sir, I need to get in tune [mc chris] Alright - is this gonna take a long... [some hick] Close enough, close enough [mc chris] Okay, good, alright [some hick] Smack... smackababy! Sackababy, make me go crazy Smackababy... You cry and I die, smackababy, smackababy You cry... you cry and I You suck, you, you look like You sound like a little cocker sp-aniel Gon' taste of my smack Daniel Smackababy, smackababy *guitar still playing* [mc chris] Is that it? is that it? That was great (Thank you! God bless you sir) I love it, that was amazing, very impressed (God bless you) Here's some change [some hick] God bless you mc chris [mc chris] I'm not mc chris he's dead {*whistling as he walks away*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Dungeon Master of Ceremonies Song: Booties For Breakfast (Bonus Track) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] The sun's in the sky, the wind's in my hair And there's honies in Ugg boots everywhere And they all got a yoga mat derriere Don't like a big butt, like I'm barely there I'm quite aware, of the booties be shakin Strictly South Beach, bring on the bacon My heart be achin my joints point breakin You know I'm salivatin like I'm makin Steak-Umms What?! Girlfriend, when will this date end? Your end's waitin for me I'm cool with casual datin but your booty's callin me [mc chris] I feel real bad for smackin that ass But you've got me harder than hard to reach plaque Now you're gonna need that backstage pass Tap the booty juice sell it on the off ramp Rollin gorgeous, hell of a vortex Stand next to it, kinda feel dwarfish Don't mean to sound whiney like a bitch on a rag But the booty's my maxi-pad [Chorus] - 2X [mc chris] She, had, a, booty so small it could fit in your hand Booty so big unicorn's like damn Any kind of booty, any kind of can Any brownie baker let me take her to the dance Want to go back like the butt was the eighties If we're making love don't even try to face me Lady's so crazy, naming all my babies One for each cheek or a +Bunch+ like the +Bradys+ [Chorus] - 2X [mc chris] I'm just a man with manly needs I drink lots of beer and smoke lots of weed Follow that ass like a bloodhound on speed Indeed~! To the offended, I'm sorry that is how I feel Every Achilles has a heel And you got me more boney than Ally McBeal, for real [repeat 8X] Booties for breakfast [Chorus] - 2X [Outro: repeat to fade] Ohhh, ohh, ohh Oh-wuh-uh-uh-uh-oh-ohhh Oh, no, here we go One more time, everybody say The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris and The Lee Majors Album: The New York University 8-Track Discography 10th Anniversary Edition Song: mc chris Attax Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*car crash and glass flying everywhere*} Woo yeah Woo yeah Go mc {*11X*} [mc chris] It's mc chris I'm twice as wide As a kid whose tall enough to ride the rides I be in your files like the FBI So my shit quick and slick like slip and slide That means I'm fat not with a P-H But with a pound of bacon and a basket of eggs You're whack so no matter how you bake I be chillin on the mics and you be lyin in your grave [mc chris] It's mc chris, I'm scared I'm frightened And all my cliff notes I'm highlightin I'm in a blue font and the piranhas are brightened If I am a puppet I wish the strings tightened But that's all right I got my ray gun and jet pack To all the blood suckers got my AK so get back Where you came from? I won't mind My name is mc chris, now's the time to press rewind [Interlude] Yeah so like I made rap song It's not that wrong is it? mc chris is so fly, mc chris is the best mc chris is a super rapper, he's a super rapper (#1) [mc chris] Kick it Macy's Day, please press play It's more like Halloween than independence day My phaser on stun and I'm on the nod I said I killed Godzilla and now here comes his son and his reptilian daughter and I'll never be odder But I blow them all away like I was the Godfather I take over the school like I was Mr. Kotter And I did it my way, just like a punk rocker [Outro] Ready for system check (system check ready 10-4) Seat belts (seat belts check) Turbo boosters (turbo boosters check) Deflector shields (deflector shields check) Activate hyper space (hyper space activated) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris and The Lee Majors Album: The New York University 8-Track Discography 10th Anniversary Edition Song: Whiskey River Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Ahhh-hahhhh~! Beer I love it, I guzzle it down And dope I smoke it pound for pound And girls I love them but they can't be found Cause they're throwin curve balls from the pitcher's mound Cheesesteaks - I eat them when my hungers fierce I love my girl who's tongue is pierced Every Thursday at eight my family would watch Cheers Imagine people drinkin beers watchin people drinkin beers Alcohol is evil, foot and mouth introducer Like a thread in a needle it's a sexual seducer Name is mc chris, mc bucks is my producer Keep your bum away from Mr. Motor cause he might goose her Wild Turkey to the rooster, mimosa in the mornin Doin shots like Goose when marijuana's what you wantin Cause your stomach needs some pumpin, liver needs some lovin And your girl she needs a johnson that's worthy of shovin Whiskey River, don't leave me hangin I need a cold one to keep the cool kids bangin Whiskey River, I don't wanna drive I'm gonna have to face the rest of my life [mc chris] Gin and tonic, rather than the chronic Watch the bubbles fizzle, it's kinda hypnotic If beer was water, you know I'd be an aquatic Beer makes you transform cause beer is robotic Enough about it, or have I said too little Take my beer away from me and play monkey in the middle I kid you not; you'll be eatin snot if you fool with my brews or partake in my pot without askin, don't be +Robbin+ me like +Baskin+ or else you'll be sobbin Throwin punches while I'm hobknobbin A one way ticket on me to John Hopkins I'm stockin my cellar with liquor propellers So me and the fellas drink two and burp like hella A melon that's throbin come mornin time I'm in another fat pickle from drinkin and rhymin [Interlude] Know what I mean? Ah break it down baby [repeat 5X] Whiskey River, don't leave me hangin I need a cold one to keep the cool kids bangin [Outro] Whiskey River, don't leave me hangin I need a cold one to keep the cool kids Keep the cool kids bangin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris and The Lee Majors Album: The New York University 8-Track Discography 10th Anniversary Edition Song: Body Rock Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash It's a hit! [Intro] mc chris is in the house (say what, say what?) mc chris is in the house (say what?) mc chris is in the house (say what?) mc chris is in the house [mc chris] C'mon everybody grab a body like it's putty Name is mc chris and yo I ain't no fuddy duddy When it comes to funk, I'm just a fuckin sperm Like Redd Foxx to duck, like mc to herb I can get down, like an elevator with its cable cut I'll fuck you up like Dynomutt word up I like Huckleberry Hound I get my ass outta town Like Clint outta Dodge, when the shit goes down Like mc to Chaucer when the prices go up Like the gutter I go there when I'm about to throw up Hold up, cut it, stop wait a minute The subject of my rap - is none of yo business! It's about the body rock the sure shot the hip-hop The party in the basement with the pimple nosed disc jock The dips, the chips, the chains, the whips Name is mc chris, the body rock bullshit [repeat 3X] It's time to rock your body There's a party in the house [Chorus: mc chris] Party's in the house cause I'm too loud for outside Make your bouce while your doing nitrouis oxide Make out with your lady 'neath the moon on a hayride I say party's in the house and it's jam packed tight Make your body bounce while you sip Bud Light Make out with your lady if she says alright [mc chris] Aight? ... Distribution of the mc revolution The latest evolution of the fusion Refusin malt liquor and scratch'n'sniff stickers We're all finger lickers and we're satisfied like Snickers Name is mc chris and I've been known to pop rocks I could get high even while I'm in detox Your Reebok's are dated, your birthday's belated Your Guess jeans are faded and your ass is constipated Elevatin's what you are when you hear my groove Syncopated to the beat on your feet while you move Don't lose just win - I won't accept a draw Name is mc chris I'll eat you up like Jabberjaw [repeat 3X] It's time to rock your body There's a party in the house [mc chris] AIIIIIIIIIGHT~?! Without a flaw, I go down South like Hee-Haw Got your head bobbin like an old seesaw Don't worry about a cover cause you're on the list Name is mc chris the body rock bullshit So do the march like General Sherman Do the strut like Uma Thurman Do the Jerk like Pee Wee Herman Alright The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris and The Lee Majors Album: The New York University 8-Track Discography 10th Anniversary Edition Song: mc chris #1 With the Ladies Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] This one's for the ladies, the crazy honey babies The cuties with the booties that drive all the homeboys crazy At the mall, Arby's sauce on my lapel I'm chilling at the perfume counter so I can smell their intoxicating breezes, bring on wheezes and sneezes Have me over for dinner and introduce me to your nieces I fall to pieces cause I fall in love five times a day My name is mc chris, I bag for you like a Frito-Lay [Chorus 2X: mc chris] mc chris number one with the ladies Got you foamin at the mouth just like you got rabies [mc chris] Amazing, the act of mating, or masturbating If you're not dating, I'm waiting for you to call Name is mc chris and just like Lauren Bacall Put your lips like so and blow; cause I'm right down the hall Cause I'm like Popeye to Olive Oyl You know the old saying a watched pot ain't gonna boil Cause I spoil my ladies, cause I love them so much Every morning at one we have a champagne brunch, word up~! [mc chris] I'll take you back home, and feed you some soup Rub your feet real nice that's the straight up poop And don't make me pay a price you'll get a leg and a boot mc chris gets girls with charm, not the Armani suit... Above and beyond, the call of dookie Name is mc chris in the back row at the movies or any place that's dark, but of course not Central Park Cause a lover not a mugger's what I want so let's embark On a dirt bike made for two holdin hands like retards at the zoo A foot long frankfurter on me and now you spew Cause you found a fingernail and your face turned blue Doctor Feelgood's on duty, there's no need to boo-hoo [mc chris - over Chorus at first] Word up baby, mc chris in the house I got the styles that make you smile Oh yeah! You know I'm like that Cause I'm crazy-ass fat [Outro] mc chris, he's so fly... I heard that he's loving all the ladies But he said he loves only me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris and The Lee Majors Album: The New York University 8-Track Discography 10th Anniversary Edition Song: Alphabeta Max Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] What are you talkin about? I love my music You don't love nuttin but yourself fool C'mon, if you're gonna be a superstar you might as well be a superstar to yourself So I says to the bitch I ain't gonna do my motherfuckin ABC's Go ahead make me stay after class Alphabeta (alphabeta max) {*4X*} [mc chris] A is for the apple pie, we all want a slice And B's for Toni Braxton cause she sings real nice And C's for charisma, to me it comes easy And D is for the dragnet that tries to seize me E's for The Electric Company, on the TV or Elle McPherson on the beach in her bikini F's for the fact I'm the fave of the females G is for geeks getting busy on the e-mail H is for hashish, there's no need to elaborate I's for the idiots that imitate And J's for the J that y'all pass my way And K's for the kangaroo that says g'day L's for the lyrics, you know I got plenty M is for the mini-mall right across from the Denny's [mc chris] N's for the nerd, known as the chancellor's daughter O's for the octopus swimming underwater And P's for perfection, and Q's for the cuties And R's for the rapper that's shakin all your booties And S is for sugar, cause girl you got a lot And T is for your teeth you better hope they don't rot And U's for umbrella, just in case it rains And V's for Valentine's because it drives me insane W's for Tom Cruise, cause the boy's just whack X is for the Files, there's no case they can't crack Y's for why not cause you know there's no answer And Z's for the zen power that makes me a better dancer [Outro] A-B-C-D-E-F-G H-I-J-K-L-M-N-O-P Q-R-S,vT-U-V W-X and Y and Z A-B-C-D-E-F-G W-X and T-Y-Z L-M-N, Q-R-P L-M-N-P, T-O-E 1-2-3-4-5, 6-7-8-9-10 11-12 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris and The Lee Majors f/ Wesley Willis Album: The New York University 8-Track Discography 10th Anniversary Edition Song: Don't Give a Turd Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Wesley Willis] Alright I'm a do it well Clear the damn 20th song out Now I'm a just test this out My ha-uh ay-yahh heh heh ha My ya ya I'ma just down this to 170 and do it well with the hee-lee-lee Alright keep it on the hu-li-loo [mc chris] I came to New York City in the winter of 1995 and the city hasn't been the same since I like to sing about many things On your marks, get set, go! And I am also, the number one... rapper I'm a super rapper~! Desserted on an island, steal my rhymes and styling Cause your phone numbers I'm dialing I got you on the list, like chewin TV dinner Every time I see you bite I say I wish you were thinner No beginner, professional sinner At the Indy 500 I'm a first place winner NY NY, been very very good to me Watch Wesley Willis say I'm the epitome Verbal ecstasy, girls get next to me Next spot vasectomy want many baby mc's Don't test me, eats like Elvis Pressly and my favorite kinda dog is a Wesley I don't give a turd {*6X*} I said don't give a turd cause I don't give a turd!! (Hey mc chris, what don't you give?) I said I don't give a turd (Ohhhh, I get it) [mc chris] MC Bucks is on the bones cause the beat won't stop mc chris on the zone he's the cream of the crop I like the book Capone on my own I hop Don't need no color, do my own doo-wop I can flop in the puddle at the bottom of the telephone Rap a little do the spits got pop my soul Clip clip bull shit and a gopher hole Cherry flip Fresh Prince and a napkin cold Just a bunch of words here's where a turd Cuts you off in traffic, and flip the bird Spins the bird, pride like curb Name is mc chris and yo I don't give a turd I don't give a turd {*6X*} I say give a turd, I don't give a turd [mc chris] I don't, give, a turd To all the people in the West I don't give a, turd To all the people in the East say I don't give a, turd Can't we all get along East coast, West coast rappers? Yeah I don't give a turd I don't give a turd {*12X*} (I don't give a turd x11) Don't give a turd, don't give a turd And you can give me a turd you want me to drive back and put it in your hand A turd, a turd do you hear what I'm sayin? (What? What?) T-U-R-D [Wesley Willis] It was a three hour hell ride At eight o'clock PM, me and my vans got pulled up by the underground My rock show was messed up My rock show was messed up My rock show was messed up... {*fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris and The Lee Majors Album: The New York University 8-Track Discography 10th Anniversary Edition Song: Down on the Farm Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] It's mc chris, keep your head low Stay in your car, you better go home Cause there's nothin but stars in the corn below Gettin down on the farm not on the down low With a shovel and hoe - you sold the land with a burger and fries from the hot dog stand Just the sun and a doobie and a farmer's tan Just an empty old barn and a bored rock band Chillin at the seminole, fucked up on tobacco Kids dive in, with Tom to go back home Life's a vacuum but here - it's wide open While your busy mopin, I'm in the dark gropin Down on the farm, motorcycles not mopeds Dead old ladys, not dreadlocked deadheads Carburetor on the front lawn a lemonade on the porch Luke was a farm boy before he used the force Word up~!! [mc chris] You don't know who you are with your dope beats and your fat Porsches Name is mc chris I prefer back porches Don't try to file a case cause you got no sources The law's on my side cause the law I enforces And your stupid styles, they're just dumb Tougher than leather? You're not tougher than my gun Cause we hold our own, out in the Midwest We don't need Dylan Law, with him we're not impressed Don't wanna run away like Wendy and Peter Pan Call it the Bible Belt, I call it Neverland Sippin down chili dogs outside a Tastee Freeze Diane sittin on Jacky's lap hands between his knees Down on the farm, super clean with the gun Don't cause no harm, just wanna have fun Drink Pabst, race cars, maybe tip a cow Down on the farm, I'm down with a hoedown [Interlude] Oh mc chris you're so nice Only twenty-five dollars You say cowboy I say cow Brrrrrrrrrrrrah! If the shit goes down If the shit goes down (better be ready) {*3X*} [mc chris] If the shit goes down, I got my six shooter Get your ass out of town on my boosted Roto Rooter More like Norman Bates or like Uncle Jesse or Cooter Name is mc chris, I don't miss, now pass the buddha Shootout at sundown, Daisy Duke at my side Honey says, you don't get shot I'm sure to be your bride I replied "Hell yeah" as the gun did decide Sink into the soil as Black Bart grabbed his heart, and, died [Outro] There's no way you'll survive {*laughing*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris and The Lee Majors Album: The New York University 8-Track Discography 10th Anniversary Edition Song: The Shit That Reeks Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Look at those guys, you're a wanderer! Now I'm a wanderer Joey, you can't be a wanderer after graduation I'm thinking about the future, Joey! I'll be a Fordham Baldie Wait and see the Baldies got it made (Heeeeeeeey-yo - heeeeeeeey-yo) [mc chris] One, two, kick it, maestro Name is mc chris and yo I must confess If you find me at the beach yo man I'm always finely dressed Got my low ride Chucks, holy possibly arrestin If you get me on the dancefloor then you'll be impressed Cause I am, the one you like and I got the flavor that flows If you kick it in the front mc'll kick it in the back and I'll even help you pick your nose - God damn So, if your ass get interested and you'd like to take a peek Just check me out like a book-it book Mine is the shit that reeks, that is a fools mind Mine is the shit that reeks, cause a weak mind is the shit that reeks Mine is the shit that reeks [Interlude] (Heeeeeeeey-yo - heeeeeeeey-yo) That's right everybody mc chris is goin Chillin out in Manhattan He's kickin it live 24 hours a night and day You come and check him out ladies [Outro] Time to make the fuckin doughnuts~! I hate this fuckin job The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris and The Lee Majors Album: The New York University 8-Track Discography 10th Anniversary Edition Song: Pop Goes the Weasel Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] And this Horatio guy is a Shakespeare character in Hamlet I read the Cliff Notes in ninth grade I'm not a complete imbecile (It's, it's, it's oh my GODDD!!!) Yo ladies what's goin on? Yo you wanna get with mc chris, you gotta get with me [mc chris] Like Peggy and Al, Alex, Jennifer and Mal Like the Mississippi or the Panama Canel Like Miss Piggy or the buxom Bev Belle My name is mc chris and I'm like a val gal Cause I say like, like My So-Called Life But too many times and it just ain't right They say it's just a word, like um or uh Say it too many times it might as well be duh Kinda sorta whatever and peachy keen I sound like love letters in Seventeen magazine Word up ooooooohhhh! Pop goes the weasel cause the weasel makes pop references Like the Drummonds, the {?} and the Jeffersons Pop goes the weasel cause the weasel is screech I'm livin the life style described by Robin Leach You know what I'm sayin? {*imitating the "bow bow, chick-a-chicka" of Ferris Bueller*} [mc chris] I'm like fuckin awesome, like David and Goliath I can dance like Blossom, bang your head like Quiet Riot Beats I might like boss and pass the J to Spicoli Kick your ass like Axl Foley while you scream holy frijoles Drinkin shots and still I make you run for the chaser Like Obi Wan Kenobi I display my lightsaber A Speed Racer lazer target your pencil eraser I'll rub you out name is mc chris your favorite flavor Above 32 I cut loose like Footloose I'm cool and refreshing like a tall glass of orange juice You know what I'm sayin? Ohhhhhhh Pop goes the weasel cause the weasel is brainless Jiffy Pop on top cause the pop is painless Like gag me with a spoon cause your shit's like heinous Pop takes me to the moon cause pop's about being famous [Interlude] Are you listening to me? By the way there's a naked women in your office Shall I tell her to wait? Say you're pregnant (I'm pregnant) That's that's not funny Say you're pregnant, would you tell your best friend? (Ask her!) But what if she'd get an abortion? I wouldn't get an abortion [mc chris] Like Eddie is to Coltrane, like Beavis is to Buttpain I'm high like cocaine never low like lo mein Cause fires like propane, I'm insane in the membrane Excuse me for a moment while I drain the main vein Life's not a board game like Candyland or Chess Name is mc chris and you know that I'm the best I'm like Jack Tripper surrounded by the girlies You with your ascot you're Don Knotts, you're Mr. Furley You never heard me, like your gnarly like cherry You be George Costanza I'll be smooth like Jerry Word up yeahhh Pop goes the weasel cause the weasel got measles That didn't stop Parker from actin like Evil Kenevil Fuckin evil I'll pop your bubble like the game Trouble Don't take my pop rocks, say sayonara on the double The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris and The Lee Majors Album: The New York University 8-Track Discography 10th Anniversary Edition Song: Party Going On Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] We ain't gonna stand for no weirdness out here [mc chris] London England are you ready? It's time for the unbelievable The unfathomable The loquacious mc chriiiiiiis!!!!!!~! (Ahhh ahhh ahhh ahhh ahhh ahhh ahhhh) [mc chris] Y'all ready for a little rhyme, a little rhyme? A little lovin and a squeeze oh yo please Hold onto your hats, know what I mean? Hold onto your hats I mean hold onto your hats Cause here I am tonight hopin my ass ain't tight I got the hands movin right to left (left to right) In spite of the fact that I'm the punk who pulled your ponytail Talkin trash you know they call me a Garbage Pail Kid Cause I did the things you wanted My name is mc chris you thought you could but you couldn't You think you're fly in your Pinto in your yard doin doughnuts Everyone thinks you're bogus while you thinkin you're bonus It's like we like each other but it's War of the The Roses mc bucks on the bass on the keys mc roses mc chris on fire time to turn on the hoses [Interlude]] His name is mc chris and he's got a fat purse Got a mansion and a butler but his name's not Lurch (You rang?) Like a supersoaker I've been known to squirt [mc chris] Get on your knees sugar cause your ass is in church And I'm on the pulpit cause I'm a crazy culprit Like the bag at the bottom of the bottle You can close your eyes and gulp it Hope it don't sting and I hope it don't burn Name is mc chris and it's about time you learned That my rhymes are the kind, that make you close your blinds Cause your booty start shakin, and there ain't no mistakin Only misbehavin, because you been waitin Anticipatin, and also salivatin I'll be Scott Valentine and you be Justine Bateman Don't worry about The Riddler cause they're videotapin Instead of date rapin, moves is for the makin Name is mc chris now please perform like turkey bacon Word up!! [repeat 12X to fade] Somebody got a, party goin on! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris and The Lee Majors Album: The New York University 8-Track Discography 10th Anniversary Edition Song: Phone Message Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (Wait now I'll just start) You begin and then I'm gonna come in (Okay) [mc chris] One two, one two Ready, go, kick it It's mc chris I'm not home right now I'm out in the meadow cause I'm busy tippin cows I'm drinkin with my friends cause we're all hangin out Cause we like to get crazy and shout Yeeeeeah alright baby Awww yeeeeeah woooo~! Leave your name and your number The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris and The Lee Majors Album: The New York University 8-Track Discography 10th Anniversary Edition Song: U Got What I Need Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: unknown speaker] Cincinnati punk, sucks dick Can I say that, can I say that? It's not aggressive, there's no energy in the fuckin music they're a bunch of fuckin chump rockers bitin' off the real deal And everybody here can lick my fuckin filthy crab infested bag [mc chris] With my high tech specs I inspect a love less Sittin in a sun dress, readin Cosmo sex tests Time for me to conquest I step to impress It's the best of the rest she says her names Beth Don't mean to be a pest but can I join (yeeeees) Says she needs a rest from her daily stress That's when busty Beth breaks out the sticky sess And yo we both connect like Akbar and Jeff I got the snack bar check, Kodak's in my pockets Sayin word it's occurred if it's a curve then I'm a cock it Say my name is mc, I've been known to rock it With Nintendo, a dildo, I'm on it, like Bilbo, the hobbit The high totin honky, kicks it in Kentucky Grade ten'll suck me, great trouble fuckin And all the college co-eds consider themselves lucky like they was Lopez and my shit was Puffy Now Beth the busty, wants to get a slushie Go back to her joint so we can gets lovey-dovey I flip for that and freeze for the cab I do pay But when I make the first move the ho say no way You, you got what I need But you say he's just a friend Oh you say he's just a friend (oh baby you) Oh you, you got what I need (got what I need) But you say he's just a friend (he's just a friend) But you say he's just a friend (he's just a friend) [mc chris] Word, well this is a story about a girl named Corey that liked to play Atari liked to read Archie She's browsin Beetle Bailey, I'm browsin the body that make a Masarati go potty {*pbbt*} So I step to impress with the jeans so torn I say my name is mc she say "Word is born" Never seen a girl like you in a comic book store She buys four issues of Hulk, I buy four issues of Thor We walked - out the door practically holdin hands I say you want a lift? She say "I got a man~!" Oh you do for real? Well then where he be? Obviously not in the vicinity So listen to me, cause my name is mc When I get up on the mic I make the whole front row pee My cars a Mitsubishi, the CD the Bee Gees The song "How Deep is Your Love," cause your so deep into me  Now how can it be me seen with a geek  that frequent the joint like a freak every week  I'm buyin these books for my invalid brother  You wanna hook up, motherfucker hook another [Outro] Word 'em up oh you (you) you got what I need (got what I need) But you just say he's just a friend (he's just a friend) but say he's just a friend (word up) You (you) you got what I need (got what I need) But you say he's just a friend (he's just a friend) You say he's just a friend (word up) You (you) you got a friend I look at you, it seems like everywhere I go You want get it on, that's what friends are for [Outro] MC's be bitin off his style like 24/7 right You know what I'm sayin dig yo dig It's time to get up off his nuts yo it's time to get up off his nuts cause you on his shit I'm down word up word up word up word up That motherfuckers like funky fly fresh right? You know what I'm sayin? He has the 98th flavor you know what I'm sayin? Little dude's badder than a motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris and The Lee Majors Album: The New York University 8-Track Discography 10th Anniversary Edition Song: mc chris Number 2000 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro from a Charlie Brown cartoon] All I want is what I, I have coming to me All I want is my fair share [mc chris] Good evening ladies this is mc chris You know I know how to love Loving'ss what I do best For those of you that aren't impressed Dry yo' eye mc chris, will arrive [singers - repeat 4X] mc chris #1 with the ladies Got you foamin at the mouth like a dog with rabies [mc chris] This ones for the ladies, the crazy honey babies The biddies with the shitties that drive Jimmy dizzy at the mini-mall Arby's sauce on my lapel I'm chilling a the perfume counter so I can smell the intoxicating breezes, bring on wheezes and sneezes Have me over, for dinner, and let me eat your feces I go to pieces cause I fall in love five times a day my name is mc chris before you buy like doing KLJ mc chris, I'm number 2000 with the ladies so the crowd keeps shoutin You can't help it if you find him attractive Cause mc chris is the motherfuckin mack, shit [Chorus: repeat 2X] mc chris, I'm number 2000 with the ladies so the crowd keeps shoutin You can't help it if you find him attractive Cause mc chris is the motherfuckin mack, shit [mc chris] What one? Fuck that, I'm number infin' As in "In Like Flynt," so please let me begin Obviously I'm mc, worrrd I deserve it As for the many cuties that let me berserk it I work the circuit, from XLR to RCA I get up on the mic about every damn day All the way from Sante Fe over to the Ukraine I get more insane than my boy Billy Zane On the Titanic, leaving all the ladies in a Leonardo panic Automatic but I turn it like it's static I lock them upstairs just like flowers in the attic Like she was Kimmy Gibbler, and I was Bob Saget [mc chris] Amazing, the act of body painting I get up on the mic 'til I leave all the ladies fainting In my life it's always raining but yo it's not cats and pups It's me wearing hoes with big ass butts We've been known to rock, we've been known to party We've been known to strip and shake our bodies You like our show, you like our sound? Motherfucker put your money down [repeat 4X] The mack shit, the mack shit Who is the motherfuckin mack shit? [Outro] Ooooooooh yeah Oh Jesus, oh Jesus!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris and The Lee Majors Album: The New York University 8-Track Discography 10th Anniversary Edition Song: DQ Blizzard * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * "Life's a Bitch, I'm Her Pimp" has different lyrics [mc chris] Name is mc, I'm like no other A short-sized, high pitched white skinned brother When I say white, I don't mean pink Cause my skin's about as white as white out ink When I step into the sun, I burst into flames Like the Human Torch but with no lives to save Don't go to clubs and I don't go to raves And I don't go to pubs and I don't go to parades So, where do I go? You might call it, a hooch parlor If you don't know the password don't bother It's where all the ladies leave their lipstick on my collar But I tell them to be gone, cause all they on is my dollar Mahler use to write symphonies Name is mc and I claim to be Star material like astrology Punk rock, hip-hop, and R&B Watch me blend it all up like a daiquiri It's why all the honey's be mackin me Waitin in the alley, sneak attackin me Tearin off my clothes, ass smackin me Back when we, didn't have a record deal We still managed to make the ladies squeal Word (yeah) and you know (you know) My name's mc, my band's The Lee Majors Put us on the bill, and boy you hit pay dirt When I'm on the mic, the girlies wanna flizzirt But I tell 'em chill like a DQ Blizzard [mc chris] (Yeah) Like a DQ Blizzard, and you know It's all about lockin, and poppin, and crazy rhyme droppin When I'm on the microphone there is no stoppin Like I'm hoppin through the fog Snoop Doggy Dogg an' Always a smart ass you could call it back talkin You can tell I'm just like Johnny Rotten Name is mc yo that's just the chalk in Cause I can say my name more times than Edie Brickell sang "What I am, is what I am" I rock the jams With nothin up our sleeves but a battering ram I'm in a Volkswagen van with Adam and Dan Swear we all kick like Jean-Claude Van Damme I'm just like like Bam-Bam and I can pick up a girl With just one hand and I'll rock her world And you know [Interlude] Like a DQ Blizzard 1-2-3-4 break it down mc chris, mc chris, mc chris (But I tell 'em chill like a DQ Blizzard) [Outro] DQ Blizzard D-DQ Blizzard {*3X*} Hey DQ Blizzard D-DQ Blizzard Yeah DQ Blizzard D-DQ Blizzard {*2X*} Yeah DQ Blizzard D-DQ Blizzard (DQ Blizzard word) DQ Blizzard (DQ Blizzard) DQ Blizzard DQ Blizzard Yeah DQ Blizzard (DQ DQ Blizzard) DQ Blizzard yeah (DQ Blizzard) (DQ Blizzard) yeah DQ Blizzard yeah Alright I'll do it... I... you know I'll admit I'll do it with an Ewok no problem Mulan 1-2-3 say Mulan with szechuan sauce {*3X*} Mulan The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris and The Lee Majors Album: The New York University 8-Track Discography 10th Anniversary Edition Song: First Date Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: mc chris] Hey guys, you ever fall in love? When I first saw you and you looked into my eyes I knew, right then and right there that I had fallen head over heels That's when I knew I had to ask you out on a What they call it Lee Majors? Help me out, one time First date, you're lookin great tonight I think that I might take a chance tonight First date you're lookin great toniiiiight [mc chris] Hold all the doors for you, pull out chairs for you Nobody cares for you, like I do, like I do Clip my nails for you, chop off the tails for you Well I don't know you, but I feel like I do [mc chris] I'll buy you popcorn, I'll buy you Coke We go outside and, sniff and smoke I make a joke and you laugh like it's funny Girlfriend you're straight up money [Interlude] Break it down no! Woah-ohhh Oh-woah, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Woah-ohhh Oh yeahhhhh! {*2X*} Yeah, yeah, yeah, yea-ahh~! [Chorus] - 2X [Outro: mc chris] La-da la-da la-da la-da First daaaaate! Waaaaii-ai-ai-ai-oh-oh-oh! Oh yeah! Oh yeah Ohhhh... oh man this is such a sad song Why, why'd we decide to do this? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: mc chris Is Dead Song: mc chris Is Dead Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] mc chris is dead and he ain't never comin back You should have been nicer when he was blazin up the track No well wishers, just bitches talkin trash, Cause the aftermath is saying that rap is wack (mc chris is dead!) [mc chris] On arrival, watch his rivals revel the jealous relish the moment their opponent went sublevel Six feet under, what a bummer, it's no wonder the waste Could have been a contender, now maggots march on his face Emcees often in his coffin, lyin down, lost in thought Groupies gather at the grave and done throw posies on the pot Haters hate off in the distance, telescoping with binoc's Smoking basket after laughin, get their knickers in knots They play, in the park, in the dark, where they spark a spliff Raise it high in the sky and cry "This hit is for Chris" Then they tell a tale of how he really was a pimp Hands wanted to be on, just want to be on his dick [Chorus: repeat 2X] I'll wait to the day's end when the moon is high And then I'll rise with the tide with a lust for life, I'll Amass an army, and we'll harness a horde And then we'll limp across the land until we stand at the shore [mc chris] mc chris is dead, and it's dreadfully morbid He forfeits, forever free for the poor kids Once filled to the bonnet with demonic endorphins All his power rings restrained, no more Mighty Morphin' We couldn't close the lid there'll be no bids on his toys No will for the rumor mill no bills to enjoy He kept every penny 'cept the two on his eyes Now the diggers at Denny's, gettin cheese on his fries As for the babies and their mommas there'll be drama for days Looks like he's got his likeness now it's time to get paid So many starvin Marvin guardin claimin mc's seed But he's a seedless greed, makin pace in the R.I.P. It's a crock in the pot that's fraught of it be the mock death He's got the awesomest posthumous box set They're airbrushing MC on plain white tee's Another life lost to violence, silence if you please [mc chris] My name is mc chris and yo I can't get laid Now they lay me to rest, how'm I gonna get paid? These quarters are cramped and I'm crazy claustrophobic Consider it noted, I feel belittled and bloated I better bust out in a hurry cause I ain't hatin the road then I can barely bust a move because my body is broken But I'm covered in collections though you can't take it with you Someone pass me a tissue while they gnash on my tissue Somebody prayed to Vishnu, any deity will do I claw at my satin ceiling, I've got nothin to lose And through the dirt and the thick mud, I'll tunnel like Dig-Dug Or the underminer, my desire is the big buck Can I convey the basement without wasting my words Fossilization's what I'm facin unless defacement occurs So I rise to the occasion, there's no waitin for worms And please no zombie player haters man what have we learned? ... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: mc chris Is Dead Song: Older Crowd Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] I got the bass for your face, yes I can hold it down These kids are such a disgrace, I need an older crowd Mental stimulation, voter registration Patches on my elbows match the colors of my cords [mc chris] Feeling cheeky five feet weekly I beseech thee, let's be daring No preparing, no agendas Let's go where the paper sends us Open mic perhaps a slam Don't care where, I need to jam Grab your purse and clip-on earrings Sorry I'm so commandeering Air in tires and tank's got petrol Acting weird cause I was let go Say I'm boring like I'm dead Say I lack a cutting edge I will show them that I'm golden Jam while jerks can kiss my colon Nouveau guys won't stand a chance Please park it Margaret I must dance [mc chris] Are you jokin? It's too smoky There's a cover, we should leave Let's not panic, let's beat traffic And get home in time for tea Kids have access, 'stalgia waxes Can't relax if I can't breathe Let's just exit, we're not sexy I feel fat and elderly Let's play Scrabble, let's play Boggle Discovery Channel with Ted Koppel Kids are awful, they're all moshing So obnoxious, sneezing coughing Spilling beer and breaking glasses They're no fun, these trust fund fascists No more head tricks, we've got Netflix Let's grow beehives and mustaches [mc chris] There is vomit on the toilet And no soap I can dispense Girl named Wendy grabbed my testes Now I have no confidence Can't believe it, I smell reefer We might get a contact high I feel loopy, I see Snoopies I need pizza with these doobies I feel mellow, legs are Jell-o Hold me up or I might nap Someone dosed my Diet Coke It's not a joke so please don't laugh~!! Freaky Friday might go my way I feel like a different person Now I'm tripping, ceiling's dripping Wait a minute, no crowd surfing I got the bass for your face... {*4X*} Yes I can hold it down [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: mc chris Is Dead Song: Reese Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] You can have a Skittle, a Mento or a SweeTart It ain't no riddle, you don't need an ID card It's not illegal, it might give you some cavities It's kinda little, I'll take a handful if you please Yo everyone loves 'em, from animatronics from outer space Can't get enough of them, I'll empty a bag right into my face You get 'em at movies, get them in a combo meal to save Doesn't represent a rainbow, might melt in your hand if you dare to wait It comes in a cup, or chocolate bar varieties Comes in three colors, the three you see in Autumn leaves They're kinda spooky, synonymous with Halloween They are the dookie - you'll find a sack inside the freeze [Chorus: repeat 2X] Reese's Pieces at the movies, Reese's Pieces slumber party We'll eat Reese's in the treehouse, we'll eat Reese's on safari Candy coated and you know it, peanut butter, it's no wonder Reese's pieces got me wheezin, free me from the spell I'm under [mc chris] Reese's pieces! World's Fair, Chicago in the year of 1893 A man named Milton, a disaster outta Lancaster, P Inspired by the Germans, and their chocolate making machinery He invented milk chocolate, or stole it from the Swiss that's history So Milton built a factory, and a town and a park and a school for orphans Made bars and kisses and chips real cheap so poor peeps could afford them What a great depression - 1920 not funny, no money in the pocket 'cept Pennsylvania where Milton kept on cranking out chocolate The Mr. Goodbar and then a World War and Milton did his part Made anti-aircraft guns and sent the soldiers chocolate bars Meanwhile they had a ship in, was secretly dipped in peanut butter in his Pennsylvania basement, it was so exciting, cue the lightning/thunder Name's Harry Burnett, you can bet my ass didn't go to Harvard Be hold up in a cup, couldn't have done it without George Washington Carver "I was living the high life - champagne, limousine, it was a trip then I died of a heart attack - all for naught, I was bought in fifty-six" Now please fast-forward to the seventies, scientists discover Penuche Peanut Butter's too oily, Reese's Pieces takes their part in the food chain And their name is commonplace in the latest interview with a lady named Witherspoon Don't eat a whole bag kid, cause Mom'll be mad and Dad said dinner's soon [Outro] Reese's pieces! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: mc chris Is Dead Song: Pizza Butt Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] I got the jam, the jam that make you go to work Work! Work! Now work, that pizza butt! I got the jam, the jam that make you go to work Work! Work! Now woooaahh ah-ah-ah-ah-ah [mc chris] It's so hot, urn your mouth Scar tissue, make you go OW Cheese must cool and congeal Slice with a coke is a no joke meal It's a quick bite that can't be beat It's a pie chart that you can eat It's a done deal if you don't delete so bust the calories with the pizza beat No oregano bits in your pretty little smile Not even garlic bread, no Chi-town style Gonna split your threads, you don't moderate Yo I'm breakin in your 'fridge like it's Watergate You're bulimic come the weekends you would seek a pizza beacon Your actions speak of Atkins but you're cheating when you're eatin An emotional abortion, you're divorced from delivery Little league or literally some Italy wildebeast So begin now you're the winner in your motorized cart It's game over: roller coaster with your oversized parts In denial, it'll be awhile, you act now and submit I cut the crust off pizza butts and lift them titanic tits! Aaaaaawww... [Chorus: repeat 4X] I got the jam, the jam that make you go to work Work! Work! Now work, that pizza butt! [mc chris] You need help, I'm that guy Sayin hey lady, put down that pie~! You're so fat you eat cars Totally in love with your Wolverine scars Some say Polo stole it from China Some say your stomach ate your vagina Is it delivery? no, it's DiGiornno Let's microwave it and put in a porno Can't beat it, wouldn't see 'em eat it Can't miss me because it's so crispy But you need to backtrack cause they're givin helicopter tours of your asscrack You got grease soaked up but you're pukin in a bucket Send a deep dish home bring it with a tip home with the mush top Parents kinda like it with the BJ pepporcinis You only got one piece but went back cause you need it You need to slow down when you mow down, get your ass hypnotized It's a big boy breakfast buffet not a kids Slip-n-Slide Pummel two pies for one price but those cards they can cost It's Parker Brothers pizza party, just drop like it's hot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: mc chris Is Dead Song: Hoodie Ninja Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] I'm a ninja, I'm a hoodie ninja {*7X*} I'm a, hoodie, ninja [mc chris] Got my ninja bag a/k/a a pillow case Filled with nacho flavored Combos a flashlight and masking tape We got, hoodies and some goodies, we got tools and also talent Fisher splinter stealth and some Barnum & Bailey balance Katanas and shurikens so lets hurry 'cross the yard If there's dobermans jump over them it shouldn't be that hard The objective is reconnaissance the subject is a hottie Redhead from my homeroom with a bad ass little body Hella dope telescope from little bros pirate phase She's about to change for bed we gotta get there right away I can't make out so I stake out take a doughnut make it glazed I climb the tree and finally I feast upon her frame She's rockin cotton panties, Sanrio so it seems She's stretchin and pro fetchin, she's the cutie of my dreams Lose the T, they're 2 B's, yes I know her cup size IMAX in my spy glass while my balls get bug bites (OUCH~!) [Chorus: repeat 2X] I'm a ninja I'm a hoodie ninja You're off guard ninja star now you're injured Tough luck nunchuck break your fingers Gotta bolt cause I don't wanna linger [mc chris] Got my ninja getup, it's a Fett's Vette sweatshirt Rockin awesome drawstrings tied so tight that my head hurts Stolen black slacks that are supposed to be for church Stuff the cuffs into my Chucks, now I'm a ninja thanks to merch I got no kaginawa that's a grappling apparatus Empanadas from my mama her burritos are the baddest Lets eat 'em in the shed where my father keeps his porn and I'll explain the mission it's so bitchin, word is born Gym coach is a Nazi always got me runnin laps I know he doesn't like me you should hear his frightening laugh Can't put up with the push-ups and the crunches got me cranky So we're gonna drop a dookie on his driveway like I'm Banksy Yo you keep a look out while I drop my Fruit of Looms And build myself a built to scale model of Mt. Doom We hear the garage door motors and we motor mad fast Drop a deuce into my shoes now I'm runnin crap laps [Intro] + [Chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris f/ Chandler, Chikezie, Tony Kopeck Album: mc chris Is Dead Song: Metaphor Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chandler] MMM! Now that was a lunch I still like hotdogs, and I still like discussing it with other people I'm just saying [Secretary] Mr. Chandler? Mr. Ward is here to see you [Chandler] Oh he is? [Secretary] And he looks... dead? [Chandler] Alright send him in [mc chris] Rrraar! I'm a zombie! Back from the grave! [Chandler] Heyyy! Rar, you're a zombie, look at you You're a zombie, of course you are, of course you are [mc chris] Back from the grave~!!! [Chandler] Back from the grave, there he is [mc chris] Rrraar! [Chandler] Rar! There you go! Look at you! [mc chris] I'm a zombie! [Chandler] I'm really proud of you Why am i proud of you? Because I'm NOT proud of you I heard the album you cut in the endless void of purgatory (right?) It stinks! (Wha?) Don't ask me how I heard it (How'd you hear it?) I heard it on the internet Will you listen to me for once and sit down? [mc chris] No I'm a zombie! I'm here to seek vengeance Blarrr! Zombie vomit all over you! [Chandler] Oh look what you did! [mc chris] Threw up all over your shirt [Chandler] Black vomit all over Pink and black vomit all over me, it's got chunks in it [mc chris] It burns too don't it? [Chandler] Obviously - ehhh, it's okay actually Obviously you're one of these new reach around (We're one of them fast, fast zombies) squigglin (We're fast) fast zombies, wiggly little zombies (We can jump boy!) Little restless leg jigglin (We like to jiggle too we're fast) jiggle tits zombies Just runnin all around that's great Obviously, the puke is in my eyeballs and between my teeth and my gums (You're in now buddy) and in my mouth (You're a part of us) my ears I'm gonna become one (Forget about it!) I'm not gonna forget about it BUT, I'm still a human being, I'm still your manager So I want you to sit your ass down (AHHH!!!) and take my advice for once, SIT DOWN~!!! (Lame!!) Sit down (alright) The albums have been getting progressively worse (WHAT?!) I gave you advice last time you didn't take a lick of it (I'm not putting Bosk on a segue!!) I told you put Bosk on a seque PUT HIM ON A GOD DAMN SEGUE ALREADY!! [mc chris] I'm not puttin him on a segue I'm not making "Smack-a-Baby" And I ain't gonna make cassette tapes! [Chandler] Well at least start swearing again, huh? (I'm trying to clean up so I can have radio play!!) Nobody wants to hear songs about "Candy" They want to hear songs about ass jammin (Ass jammin?! I don't) YEAH!! About titty fucking and pearl necklaces (Pearl necklaces?!?!) About scum licking and (SCUM LICK? WHAT IS THAT?) About eyeballin some puss once in a while (WHAT?!) About stickin some eyes in some puss, huh? When did that go out of fashion? And another thing, the skits are terrible (WHAT?! They're hilarious!) The skits are not funny Who's that guy that plays me in the skits, he stinks! (Yeah) He reminds me of that guy on that new hit show on that uhh, late night block of programming that I don't care for too much (right) And that brings me to my third point It's all too insider-y, nobody knows what you're talking about (What?) What the hell was +I+ just talking about? (Zombies are hilarious!) Nobody gets it You gotta let people in, you gotta appeal to an audience Oops, never mind, I'm a zombie now I don't care The only thing I care about is chasing people down and puking my guts up in their faces (It's actually not, it's actually kind of fun) Yeah it's a blast, I'm having a blast I'm gonna jump out this window here if you don't mind and just chase a dog down the street, how's that sound? [mc chris] Sounds like an afternoon? [Chandler] Well it's evening {*glass breaks, footsteps run away*} [mc chris] Oh hello, hey I'm a zombie rrraar! [Tony Kopeck] {*laughing*} Oh I like that (yeah?) Wait a minute, do you, do you remember me? [mc chris] Uh, yeah! Hey you, from Antioch! When I opened up for Wayne's World! [Tony Kopeck] That's right, Tony Kopeck, how's it goin? (Yeah Tony, Tony Kopeck, I knew I recognized you) (I'm a zombie now!!) I love that zombie Ha ha ha!! (Yeah?) HA! HA! Ahh that's great (really?) That's really good man (really?) Yeah, I love it, I dig it There's only two things that I love in this world And that's Chikezie from American Idol (ahh) Annnd, you as a zombie, those are my two favorite things Did I tell you that I'm in negotiations with Chikezie at the moment to represent him long term (REALLY!) I've not signed him yet but {*knocking on wood*} Knock on wood Chikezie's gonna be in the house with uhh, Tony K (yeah!) I just couldn't help but overhear what was goin on in here with this guy (yeah) Threw himself out a window huh? (Right yeah) It's a, that's a met- (He's a zombie now, he turned) I would never throw myself out a window That's a metaphor for the whole music business Your old manager (the business is changing) THAT'S RIGHT~! (It's a different business) It's a new game You gotta get in with Tony Kopeck (It is a new game, Tony Kopeck) I'm in on the new game (Really what's the new game?) Viral, videos (hmm!) Viral videos (viral videos) You gotta be careful about which way you're gonna turn That's why you need somebody like Tony Ko-PECK to guide you through, uhh, so you know Maybe we could talk about a little somethin Maybe I put you and Chikezie on tour, who knows, uhh [mc chris] That does sound kind of... You know what though? BLARRGH! Now there's zombie vomit all over you [Tony Kopeck] It's uhh, excuse me, that's a fun alert (It burns, right?) A fun alert just went off in here (It burns) It burns but it's fun, I LOVE IT I wanna make little dolls, little mc chris dolls They throw up on you, and then they go "mc chris and Chikezie, touring this summer!" Whaddayou think about that? (I don't know...) Whaddaya mean you don't.. alright You don't know now, but as soon as you meet Chikezie you're gonna change your mind [mc chris] I guess say, I let me Okay fine BOOK A SIT DOWN WITH CHIKEZIE (It's done) Really? (I got him right here) (Chikezie come in) {AYY} Chikezie what are you doing here? [Chikezie] Yo what am I doing here? [mc chris] BLARRGH, there's zombie vomit all over you Chikezie [Chikezie] Chikezie, is now Zombiezie, yeah {*all laughing*} [Tony Kopeck] Zombiezie The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: mc chris Is Dead Song: On* Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] OnStar to find the clit, I need OnStar to find the clit {*2X*} No shit!! [mc chris] I pushed the OnStar button a long time ago Don't you see how late they reactin? She only cum and she cum when she wanna I think her junk is dead, hope she's an organ donor I think I got the basis to find my way to home base But I'm thinkin of a way if I don't see your "oh face" I want your teeth clenched, face pressed in the pillows I want your toes to curl like decomposin armadillos But, I hear you yawnin while I'm all in your stuff I want to solve the case of the mysterious muff So let the curtains billow, snap the panty elastic And get down to it before we kick it monastic Your body's fantastic, I like every part As for the parts I can't find I don't know where to start There's anxiety inside of me with every performance So shoot me up a flare and let me know your coordinates [mc chris] I think were on the brink of Armageddon It's like Freddy shreddin when were sweatin cause we broke the bed in Went spelunkin in your trunk when I made the descent I can never get you crunk, a/k/a you're not wet You, may not believe this I'm a sexual genius I want you screamin JESUS, while I'm on your mons venus Understand your hood and glands like the back of my hands Am I in the ballpark or in the back of the stands? Just, give me a sign, but don't give me the tap I've been around the block and seen the charts and the graphs And what I gather's in your labia it's embedded in flesh I stir the mac 'n cheese while I wheeze upon her chest It's time the surgeons take my word and helps me fix my flat You got a lot that's more requires ranges from my map I was so alone, and kinda lost, I'm nowhere to be found It was all for not, upon the spot, until you came around [mc chris] {This is Hally, what's your damage?} OH THANK GOD! Oh thank God! My car just hit a deer and did a triple flip into some pine trees and then rolled down the hill like forty times I'm upside-down in a river bed and I'm being attacked by a bear and I'm drowning at the same time BACK!!! BACK!!! OW!!! OW!!! IT GOT MY LEG!!! IT PEELED MY LEG OFF!!! {Just sit tight and we'll send someone right out} [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: mc chris Is Dead Song: Kill It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] Kill it mc with your ability beams With your newly acquired powers in this hour of need With-with-with the the greatest of ease, put-put-put these haters to sleep m-m-mc chris you are my hero with no fear of defeat [mc chris] Believe it or not, I am rocking the mic An easy combo to remember like the lock on your bike My name is mc chris havin the time of my life Turn the mic into dynamite like Yosemite might, right? Cause I got the beats and I got the flavor The narcs on my fart like the +Ark's+ got +Raiders+ I'm makin paper, you're makin excuses You're abusin glue sticks, sorry but the shoe fits You're what's called a nuisance, I'm a new artist Only got the farthest cause I'm workin the hardest So F you hater B's need to chill real soon Take a hammer to your grill, like I'm Oh Dae Su I got the Lego head girl girls that smoke too much doob Kicking ass with the 'stache of a Fu Manchu Two blue tattoos, that used to be black You a bad enough dude to stay off of my back? [mc chris] Believe it or not, I can out-style all these know-it-alls Getting greedy cause I made a CD at the local mall Maybe these preemies need their Wheaties, perpetratin in a Powerglove The rap's kickin back like a plastic bag of sour nugs Gotta gargle lava if you wanna spit fire Save the drama for your mama, we all know that shit's tired Just cause you're hopin to flow don't mean you can open the show You gotta girl and she at home with a head full of holes I'm like baseball cards but with MP3s I rock bicycle spokes, just a joke emcee See you ride up on my grip like I got the garden yo Let me hit the bong slow while I say WRONG BRO~! This is for the haters that got somethin to prove If they didn't hate on me then they'd have nothin to do Watch me body slam a n00b on the hard concrete I make a living musing over hardcore beats [mc chris does a fast rap of the Chorus at the end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: mc chris Is Dead Song: Rollercoaster Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Meet a cutie at the movie, go to couples skate stag Meet me at the carousel up at Six Flags I could buy you cotton candy, win you tickets and tazmanians Cause ever since I saw you you've been all up in my cranium Don't be scared, I'm prepared, got a seasons pass I've gotten straight A's up in roller coaster class And the Eagle and the Demon even Cajun Cliffhanger Iron Wolf, Shockwave that got raves from headbangers We'll ride the Roaring Rapids a/k/a we'll water rampage Ride the Tidal Wave until we're overcome with back aches Story I'm Victorian, like the Imax but bigger Tiptoe to the back row and show you I'm a good kisser Take an old timey picture with a sepia tone Your butt's so cute that I can't leave it alone Her mom picked us up at seven because eight is too late I'll see you next summer, I'll be missin your face [Chorus: repeat 2X] You get a golden ticket cause I think that you're great It feels like I am flying, I could ride you all day Loves a roller coaster with a really long wait (Loves a roller coaster with a really long wait) [mc chris] Now I tour the nation, on occasion have the day off Say rock and roll is coke and groupies and you would be way off The big payoff is the comic shop I'm seekin out the Skrulls but I'm at the coaster park cause hotel art is kinda dull Done the gardens and the islands, been to Disney East and West My bio's got Ohio and I'm sayin Beast's the best Well only in the evening and auto flyin through the trees In a hoodie in the dark amusement parks are part of me Intimate a G out at Rollerworld in Switzerland Rollercoaster startin to swirl I close my eyes and picture them Notice how they own it crazy powers like the nitro We're like "We've done this ride before, it kinda drove us psycho" Did the Mega, did the Giga, did the Strata in New Jersey I rode The Force at Cedar Point and said I am not worthy Rode the front cart with my brodie or sometimes I rode alone As we ascend I think back when and feel a little overgrown Got a cutie rode the Cyclone at the Coney 'fore they killed it Can't wait to ride the coasters it'll happen if you will it Favorite ride's The Zipper, I wanna get her in the cage The ride will stop right at the top and not come down for days [Chorus] - 1.5X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: mc chris Is Dead Song: Nrrrd Grrrl Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] Nerd girl, I don't deserve you I don't get the references you refer to I love your Lipsmackers and your lack of perfume I hope to get you home by curfew, WORD UP! [mc chris] There's a special kind of girl that goes to my shows And I don't mean the groupie hoes ll along the front row She's more like a wallflower like the one that Stryker sniped I'm like elixir when I'm with her cause I think I like her type She might seem shy in person, it's no lie she's always nervous But the verdict is she's worth it she gets crap but don't deserve it She look like Emily Strange, always ravin 'bout her favs Wanna conquer her like Kang when you kiss like Cassie Lang There's no way I can pronounce Neo Geo Evangelion I can't refute cause she's so cute and so I suck my belly in X-23 and Hellion, odd couple, to be kind She's in my heart and in my mind and now she's in my rhymes She's wordy and verbose, prolific and prone to prose Always sick and has a cold, stuffed nose she's got to blow I've got many cold remedies, many old enemies I've got a girl that kick their ass like River from Serenity [mc chris] Her parents are divorced and there's often daddy issues Try not to take advantage while I hand her all my tissues She hips me to the bands she likes I couldn't be more clueless Every word comes out her mouth, is now on my to-do list She's romantic, known to panic with anxiety attacks Literary, it's so scary reading Brontes back to back She's playing Ragnarok on her mother's Magnavox She's underneath my skin like a million nanobots She's like Annie Potts in 'Busters, get my freak on like I'm Egon Say third base right to her face and she will be like, be gone If not now know I can wait like Lucas and the locusts And you know this we'll by glow sticks stay up late perfect the slow kiss You can't resist Chris 'cause he helps you de-stress While you play Animal Crossing on your Nintendo DS Baby if we can't be a couple give up on getting married I'll remember we connected and how that happens so rarely (I'm serious, girl!) [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: mc chris Is Dead Song: Magic Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris as Kyle XY] Hello and welcome to the under... {SSSHHHHH!} Sorry, sorry, sorry Hello and welcome to the Underground This is Darth Kyle, my new name is Kyle XY because that's the program I miss most in this brand new zombie apocalypse (May The Force be with you) We've been living three months, um, basically on our wits But we're running out of food, we've begun to hunt but animals have become scarce Uhh, it may be time to move to the Forbidden Lands (May The Force be with you) We're gonna go around in a circle and just say our name and say how the zombie apocalypse has affected us and what summer movie we are looking forward to the most (May The Force be with you) [First Mimsy] Hey um, I was uh, formerly IG-89 and then I was Sawyer's Gun Stash and now I am The First Mimsy And... (May The Force be with you) {SSSHHHH} Okay, go ahead) Okay, it's been rough I've got to admit it's been pretty hard Umm my mother, God rest her soul, was eaten by zombies My brother was eaten by zombies My father was eaten by zombies they're still living at the house and I have not been able to get my Legend of the Overfiend DVDs out of my room (May The Force be with you) Now, I ordered that on Amazon and it cost me $175 I haven't been able to masturbate to it and its been something I've been wanting to masturbate to since I was 16 and I first saw it, I'm pissed (May The Force be with you) [mc chris] That's tough, that's tough [R.Stevil] Wait, Legend of the Overfiend? [1st Mims] Legend of the Overfiend [R.Stevil] Just get La Blue Girl, La Blue Girl's better [1st Mims] I don't care, I'd rather wath the thing that I ordered (May The Force be with you) [Mr. Shark] I am uhh Jimmy, airquotes, The Zombie, Stewart Uhh my new name is uhh Mr. Shark (May The Force be with you, may the The Force be with me) {SSSHHHH} (You seriously have to lower your voice) (We're gonna die if they hear you) [Mr. Shark] I don't... stipulate, I'm stipulating I want to call this the alleged zombie apocalypse I still don't think that zombies exist Uhh y'know it's impossible, it's against the laws of all logic and science ("we see them everyday") You see zombies like you see the two women looking at each other whereas it's really just a picture of a vase, and no zombies (I know what you're talking about) And I'm looking forward to the new Indiana Jones movie to verify my latest correct theory that the crystal skull of Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull was in fact, the skull of Jar Jar Binks The Gungan from the movie Battlestar Galactica (May The Force be with you) {"That was Phantom Menace"} [Resident Stevil] I'm formerly Jackie the Hut, and Roland of Cilliad (May The Force be with you) My new nickname is, Resident Stevil (May The Force be with you) I think this has been hard on all of us The hardest thing was going back to my home to try to get supplies and finding my God damn lying, cheating wife and her fuck buddy, and they were both zombies But they were still fucking wailing on each other they were just 69ing, in my bed My 1,600 dollar (that's an expensive bed) sleep piecee (Tempurpedic?) Tempurpedic, nice bed Fucking whore, fucking zombie shit juice all over her It was disgusting. I got to really tear them apart with the lawn mower (May The Force be with you) Alleged zombie, alleged zombie, yes) And I'm really looking forward to The Mummy 3 Even though I thought the first two movies and The Scorpion King were both the fuckin worst movies I've ever seen in my life (May The Force be with you) [Darth of the Dead] My name is uhh You guys might know me as Darth Chh Chha Dootico or Darth Chh Chaa Gracie Now I'm known as Darth of the Dead (May The Force be with you) {SSSHHHH!} The apocalypse has been very hard on me I spent the first 3 weeks of the apocalypse by myself trapped inside of a shopping mall specifically the back room of a Spencer's Gifts All I was able to subsist on was edible underwear but I did find out, if you guys never heard of zombies do not like fart spray, it wards them off {Oh shit~!} I have to say that I'm very excited about the Dark Knight movie I'm hoping that if any good comes out of this zombie apocalypse Hopefully Heath Ledger might rise from his grave and reprise his role as The Joker in future Batman movies (Too soon!) Too soon? (May The Force be with you) [When in Romero] My name was Greedo 1977 {SHHHHH!!!!} {You'll kill us} And uhh, and then it was Basement Safe And now it's When in Romero (May The Force be with you) (can you lower your voice) (lower your voice they'll kill us!) I was very... [mc chris] Hey I hear you guys up there! {SSSSHHHHH!} [mc chris] Hey, hey you guys! {Hey, hey it's mc chris? He looks like a zombie! A zombie!) [mc chris] Throw down a rope ladder, let me climb up there I wanna eat your brains! {You got blood coming out of your eyes!} {You want to eat our brains??} Yeah, please! {Then no, why would we let you do that?'} {That's ridiculous, furthermore I, I still} {That's a really fucked thing to ask us to do} [mc chris] Guys, just throw down the rope ladder Let me come on up there, itsounds like you're having fun {No way, it's ridiculous you even ask us to do it} {Why would we even do that? It makes no sense} [mc chris] Let me have some of your sodas, some of your beans Oh and I wanna eat your head, I can't, I can't (Oh, now there you go, now we're not gonna let you up) [mc chris] I don't know, pretense, I'm no good with it I just wanna get up there {We were close to letting you up, we were close} but we're not letting you up cause you're gonna eat our brains (Look, what do you think Ironman is gonna be like?} {You think it's gonna be good? Yeahhh baby} [mc chris] Well, I'm pretty excited about it because Samuel L. Jackson is gonna play Nick Fury in both Incredible Hulk and the Ironman movie which kind of opens up a, just a Pandora's box of what could be in the Marvel universe {Forget this, you know what this isn't even worth} {having a conversation about, I got some Salvia} {Let's smoke up some Salvia gang} Guys c'mon lemme smoke some of that Salvia with ya! {Whooa! You don't even know!} {*all excited and shouting*} Ahh it sounds like so much fun Guys c'mon, lemme up there, lemme up there {That, that, that is the most 15 most intense seconds ever} {Hey, how did you rise from the grave} I don't know, magic? {In a world where there is magic, I also have magic} {And I banish you to Hell, demonspawn!} Nooooooooooooooo {Alright let's smoke some more Salvia everybody} {Whoaaaaaaaa! Salvia, that was a great toke} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: mc chris Is Dead Song: Falynn Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Have you ever met a girl, and you thought she was dope And you wanted to buy her popcorn and a medium Coke But when proximity's close, you close up shop and you choke Time to write a thank-you note to dear old dad for the cloak She's really cute and her hairs illuminescent I fight the urge to smell her cause you know she get to stepping But you just observe from across the way If I was working EB Games then you would not pay (full price) I'm nice and I'm sweet and I shower twice a week Kid diggin on my speak 'cause I represent the geeks But I'm really hella cool, and I had sex before So don't fidget with your digits an' no texting whore! (Well that's not true) I've Falynn, and I can't get up Girl I love you, yeah I got a crush I'm on mushrooms, and I lost my lunch And I don't think I can make it home alone [mc chris] I stare at my shoes and I look away Cause I think you're kinda cute and I like your face One day we might embrace, and I'll have to hide my boner You don't want to do it Dottie, I'm a rebel and a loner I'm a rap superstar with a mic in my hand But I can't talk to girls 'less the girl is a fan But yo I got a plan, I'll love it when it comes together We'll get married and have babies and we'll all wear matching sweaters Yes, I'd do her if I knew her this is hard without computers She don't need another stalker or intruder to pursue her She don't need a guy like me whose favorite movie's Starship Troopers Why don't you kill me baby is it because I'm a loser? I'm a winner just beginning to, roll up my sleeves Roll up next to me, I can't breathe and I wheeze "Hi, my name is mc, what's yours? That's great!" Want you in the worst way, this is so our first date [Outro] WOWWWW!!! {*applause and laughter*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: mc chris Is Dead Song: The Masturbation Song Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] We were hoodlums, just some Muslims, in the year of eighty-eight Me and my buddy Brian were way under age I was a shifty little mister watch me drift between the cliques No one had me like my family it was kinda the pits So I take it out on others, anyone beneath my status Making fun of edgy crumbs made me think I was a bad ass Wasn't even a nerd, I'd sit with Bri and his boys I felt kinda included, I was so overjoyed No one liked me and I know junior high was a mess So I played King's Quest where you go and you fence Playground were a place where I should have got punched But I never got affected cause no one noticed me much 'cept Brian he was funny and we shared every class Can't explain it just somehow I knew that it wouldn't last Had me over Friday night to watch porn at his dad's That's when he called me out for jerkin off in my sleeping bag [mc chris] Brian told his friends and the word soon spread My freshmen year at Brainerd I was better off dead Everybody knew, even that nerd named Kramer He made fun of me in the locker room I couldn't be lamer Do you jerk off do you beat off? Yo that's all I ever heard If you can't control your penis maybe you should go to church So let's persecute the perv, make him think he acts alone Like they're not all running home to grab onto their bone But they convinced me I was stupid, so I'd do it with guilt That's how I was raised, and what the catholic church felt My behavior was a bum, I wish I knew it was a blessin Couldn't keep myself from messin, never considered confessin Hust kept it on the low, while the lunchroom laughed But at my expense, I had no friends, I felt trapped But I guess I had it comin after how I behaved Let that be a lesson, one I'll take to my grave The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: mc chris Is Dead Song: Freaks Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Let's meet at the mecca where we munch on desserts Let's order at a dining chain I'm ordering first Can't decide on appetizers or what sandwich to get Can't deny it I'm excited gets my appetites wet Homework's over parents snoring and I need to go roam Phil picks me up in a jeep, a Suzuki that owns We ride on River Road while we're blastin "Raining Blood" We're smoking swisher sweets while we of road in the mud After causing as much havoc as we can in this town After all the abandoned houses and the burial grounds We head over to Denny's where we smoke and we flirt Well I never do nothing, see I'm kind of a nerd Don't drink, don't smoke, break a cigarette in half I'm a drug free virgin, I don't fit into the pack They can tell that I am different and they love me for that Always good for a laugh, always paying for gas [Chorus: repeat 2X] I'll take a cup of cocoa and a slice of cookie pie Take the junior in the corner that is giving me the eye Waitress gets a big tip if she keeps bringing me fries We're not allowed in Downing so we'll make Denny's our dive [mc chris] I got a little cash, allowance from my daddy I'll take a Blender Blast or a Moons Over Miami Buy the table chicken fingers big spender in the house Ambush someone with the cola, cough sugar out my mouth Cookie dough with the butters or a creamer suicide Waiting for the order so we're all just wasting time Levitating forks. no one knows how I do it Order arrives at the table and we're diving into it Freaks in the tunnels in their oversized denims Most of them are hungry they've been fogging up lemons Jocks hate them in the halls make fun of their hair People treat them like they're freaks but they probably don't care I think they're cool feel, like I wasted four years Horsefeathers in Waukegan sip on tea 'stead of beers So trees makes an appearance and we're feeling defiant Suburban counter-culture I really think you should try it [Outro] One of us, we accept you (one of us) One of us, we accept you (one of us) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: mc chris Is Dead Song: Never Give Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] A regular arachnid, back with the hat trick A rappin maniac was a little rappin fat kid Now I pack venues like they was a bowl Microtrash, microblast, from my mighty microphone Rapped for my mom's bridge club, back in the day At bible camp, I would rap so maybe I could get laid Backstage it was a blaze, different days of rehearsal Before I smoked the purple with a circle of Urkles Took my rappin to Manhattan where the motto's do or die Didn't know a single soul, and soon it's suicide I'm feelin microscopic down on Madison Ave. I could jump from a window, or in front of a cab Then mc chris arrives said I'll surely survive If you feel like you can't function just start shuckin the jive Don't drown in the sound of your certain demise Just be a different person if you're hurtin inside [Chorus: repeat 2X] Never give up, never surrender I'm gonna pick you up like they did in Defender No shame in your +Game+ cause your name ain't +Ender+ Never give up, never surrender! [mc chris] Felt like I was weird, like I didn't belong Like I was broken and wrong, and better off gone It's hard to see the future when the present tense is suckin It's hard to keep truckin when you're stuck at loser junction You can't call it quits, don't throw in the towel You can take a lot of licks so never listen to the owl Don't listen to the pundits, the haters or the critics So you can suck my di-dick, take a leap at Chappaquiddick The Chronicles of Riddick, watched the movies and the credits Wouldn't leave the theater cause I felt like I'd regret it The city was so big, and frankly it wasn't feelin right And besides I wanna find out who's the dolly grip on Demon Knight But then I met a friend and he kinda showed me music NOFX and MTX it mixed me up like Rubix I found a path and called it rap it helped me escape If you feel rotten and forgotten remember there'll be better days [repeat 4X] You can never give up, you can never surrender Fight the good fight 'til the end of the night and, always remember [Outro] That you can never give up NEVER SURRENDER! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris f/ Virgil Album: mc chris Is Dead Song: Pitchfork Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] What, what, where am I? It's, it's so hot in here, it's just boiling up!  Welcome (HI) to Hell (thank you) Oh wow, to Hell! Thats' where I am? It's hot!  It's hot by definition This is hell? It's a strong temperature shift You really gotta warn somebody before they pop you into that void, it's just  We - what are you talkin about? That's all we ever do is warn people You ever hear of "It's hot as Hell"? That's kind of an, old phrase (right)  That's what that means Right~! Right, you know I have heard that and you know I disregarded it I disregarded it, and now I have to pay for it  Yeah, it's it's really, honestly  It's more humid, than hot But this fire, this brimstone, river of lava This place is  I know, this is the only place that you will find brimstone REALLY!  You can't get that up top I don't even, I don't even know what that is  It's usually stones found near the brim  but anyway, we gotta get going Oh, you you, gosh! You must be, you must be Satan huh?  No I'm not, don't, stop..  First off that's gonna get me in trouble  Secondly, I'm not that fat to be honest Really, he's fat!  He's, yes he's So there's food down here?  He eats all the time There's food down here? There's..  Well it's all fondue it's all, flammable, kind of food Ahh! I hate, okay Well I don't even like sushi I like to have my fish breaded in stick form  Everything is blackened, everything is Cajun style down here Ohhh, gosh I hate that spice Every, everything's hot  That's right you know it's not so bad in the shade But, all the trees are on fire! How can the..  Everything's on fire Everything's on fire, how do you hold, how do you hold stuff?  Umm, you just put on some flaming gloves, pretty much Flaming gloves, wow!  You know what? We gotta go, we gotta, we gotta  We gotta get to the 7 circles  It's tortorous, each one of 'em gets worse and worse  as you get closer to the center of Hell Oh that sounds horrible, the way you, the way you tell it!  You know honestly I was uhh, yeah we can pause for a second  I am one of the original rappers Original?  My name is Virgil, I don't know if I said that  I'm Virgil the Poet, I am +VERY+ famous Aren't there pressing matters? Don't I need to like, be judged?  They're, pressing! But you know this here Just spit a little bit for me, I'll tell you if you got the the chops  Here's somethin I've been carryin around, I got [Virgil] A thousand lambs of mine roam over the Sicilian hills, new milk fails me not Summer or winter, I sing as they used to sing Callin home on the herds of Atticus [mc chris] Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa You sound like you're uncomfortable, unfamiliar with your own works Let me just, let me look at this Is this a printout? Did you just print this out?  Look I haven't, written these in a thousand years  I got this off of, Wikpedia Really  Honestly [Virgil] Oh would you live with me in rude hills, in lowly cots Shootin the deer and drivin the flock of kids In the green habiscus [mc chris] You could put me in a hot vat of lava and just, pick my eyeballs or something, anything but  Lava? Lava's how we "cool down" here Ohh, gosh  Yeah, lava's like a cool stream here It's a cool down  Yeah yeah But don't you think somebody should be like ripping out my guts and eating 'em or something?  You know what? You don't get to choose your own torture  Soon as you predict a torture, that that's not gonna happen so.. Really? Can't somebody just  Really! pluck out my eyeballs with a fork or  That is so, old school Just, I don't know what you guys do down here for fun Yeah that sounds like a  Plucking out eyeballs with a fork is like Visine down here  That's just, that's just nothing So what, you get stoned and you pluck out your eyeballs with a fork?  Exactly~! It's like "Oh my eyes are looking red"  "I should probabaly pluck 'em out" Pulling 'em out of my skull  Yeah Well this sounds like it's not going to be a very enjoyable place to be  Uh-oh! But your rhymes are good though!  Thank you - here let me show you another me They're they're, they're really No I don't need to hear, I don't [Virgil] Yeah yeah yeah Ahh hope poor fool, has been my madman Have let, in the South wind to my flowers and bore to my crystal ships! (Ugh) Even the Gods have dwelt in the woods The grim lattice, follows the wolll-olllf (Okay, no that's) Pretty good huh? [mc chris] Yeah there's promise there I think what my problem is, is you don't have like a a hook or somethin to, that you can latch onto There's nothing there's no  Really? You don't have a beat, and umm, y'know As much as I like your rhymes I think I'd, much rather have my guts ripped out [Virgil] Yeah? See the bullocks dragged home by the yoke Hangin plow retirin s-s-sun! Doubles the lengthening shaaaa-dowwwws (Okay that's, it's uh) You like that? [mc chris] I didn't, but, that doesn't y'know  You didn't like it?  Well guess what the first circle of Hell is my friend What?  Listening to my rhymes! Oh no, I don't wanna do this, really [Virgil] Oh muse on slender reed We are leaving the country's bounds and sweet fields We're outcasts, from the country! [mc chris] I, I'll pull out, I'll pull out my own guts y'know that's I'm just gonna grab this fork, OW! It sizzles upon my skin I'm just gonna stab myself  Everything sizzles down here And I'm just gonna pull out my own guts, you keep going {*chris grunts and groans as he disembowels himself*} [Virgil] Grudge you not, rather I marvel Such unrest, there on all sides of the land To treat us, is one I scarce can lead amid the thick hazel [mc chris] Ow it's hurting! Oh it's like spaghetti when I twirl the fork The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: mc chris Is Dead Song: My Rhymes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Well I'm not amazed when I read the trades and I see that the industry's dying I think that they're great in every way for me to poop on like I'm trying Well my name is mc, in the place to be I got backseat beats so dope That coffin racers be salivating over the brand new stuff I wrote So I better be great and make mad cake Come on if you know what I'm sayin With a scoop of ice cream I got two big jeans with a man named Marlon Wayans Some say I suck, some say I rule a hundred schools like my name was Chalmers Well it's not a act, all aboard the fact to fight the crap like Laura Palmers I heard you hated hip-hop, heard you hated my voice I heard you stole my CD cause you had no choice I'm in your brain now, I'm in your mind You say my name now, you say my rhymes [mc chris] Well there was a time, not too long ago where I didn't have a pot to piss in Now I've seen the states, lots of license plates on occasion a cutie for kissing Well I like to rap, but all kinds of crap from this to The Day of the Daleks Well I get respect, hickeys on my neck Beef jerky, Diet Cokes and a paycheck And I rap myself, it's my own wealth Not in the red with the manger No I'm in the black, I'm attractin smack Now excuse me while I count my paper And on the real I got a wonder feel just thinkin about my groupies They got lip piercin, damaged hearing and they all can't wait to do me Because I make them move and I'm cute to boot I got the skill to pay the bills online Kids can't resist when it come to chris We can spit ridiculous rhymes I'm on the brink though I kind of stink Don't drink so I don't have a bar tab I got Orson jowls and Aouda scowls and no cowl cause my name ain't Zartan [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part One Song: Awesome Fucker Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Name is mc, hey ladies, please gather 'round my balls One at a time, get in line, this is a cattle call I will inspect, via sex, if you've got what it takes Time to disrobe, all your clothes, and give my tube a taste I hit the bush, and the tush, she's screaming nine-eleven I make her gush in the puss, she's leaking like a levy I got her legs, in the air, like they're TV antennae I'll fill her box, with my cock, make make her cable ready Fail to foresee, that mc, was such an awesome fucker All the ladies, beggin please, I say, "Hey take a number!" Let my dick rest, it is raw, now is the time for slumber When I awake, I will take, control and bring the thunder [mc chris] I'm like a boy, in the barn, I'll fuck you by the horses I'm like the guy, on the side, that makes girls get divorces I'm like the coach, that you poke while you're at tennis practice I like my balls, in your throat, this is a dirty racket I like to fuck, in my trunks, yes I prefer jacuzzi I hear her wail, feel her nails, then I impale her cootie We make a mess, for the guest, and fuck up the filter I guess I get, her head wet, but that's how Jesus built her [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part One Song: 006 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] You'll never get out of here alive mc it's a flying fortress and no one's ever... jumped over the side and survived It's never happened I've never seen it happen before So just hand over the cash and hand over the girl [mc chris] Forget about it Chang - we're getting out of here and there's nothing you can do about it I've got a parachute embedded in the back of my tuxedo so now I'm gonna jump over boaaaaaard and land in a car Suitcase full of cash so you know I got the candy chrome Automatic in the dash, hand in her pantyhose I got a fatty rolled, we're doing 65 She opens up her mouth, and puts my dick inside I keep them mystified, all these bitches creaming Our windows gettin steamy, and she's so on my semen Even when I'm sleeping, even when I'm dreaming It's like Ghostbusters gettin blown by ghosts and demons Can't believe it that deceiving I know I am the shit If I ain't emptying my dick, then I empty my clip So don't even try to trip cause I come strapped like raver pants Got an AK-47 and you're lit for laser tag I don't mean to brag, I don't mean to boast My ride becomes a boat and we start cruising down the coast That's not only how I roll its also how I flow Bust a cap at the clouds blow a load in your throat That's right I've got a car that transforms into a boat Nobody's got that!! Try to catch me while I pass you You can't see my badass tattoo I'm too fast and too elusive Helicopters are a nuisance Deadly jet skis try to get me Enemies are always meddling Somebody tell these bitches that you can't catch mc chris I am awesome I am bitching I'm avoiding ammunition Push the button just in time For our smokescreen flow they minds Sweet bikini watch me slaughter While I load this rocket launcher Hope you don't have a wife and kids cause you're about to be blown to bits [mc chris] Underwater mansion where you know I grow the hydroponic Call it a Sealab, let me teabag you til you vomit Now you go wash your face, and then go take a shower Wash your vagina place, it's tastin kinda sour I had brief the chief say "I'm awesome, want a raise" If he says "no," guess what, I'm gonna keep the case You should have seen his face said "I'll give you what you need" I said "Hey yeah you will, cause my name is mc" She in the walk-in yo, hey it's got multi spigots I get her titties soapy I grab her by the biscuits And yo I fuck her gently, I clean her dirty business She's screaming Jesus help me and can I have a witness We go to Mexico, on my motocross We tell her bro hello, but he's a mini-boss But you know how I floss, when it comes to steppin... I don't just kick his ass, I blow up his zeppelin That's right I blew up HIS zeppelin too Ohhhh the humanity!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part One Song: Deep Space Travel Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*loud intercom beep*} Uhh, Mr. Killian, Mr. Ward is here to see you {*sound like a lift crashing to the ground and opening*}  Heyyy HEYYYY! Mister, like you can't be Mr. Chandler I mean this is a, we're in Hell, this is the underworld and  I've gone by a lot of names Oh, I see, so you're on Arth occasionally in different forms  Arth? (Earth) Talking about Earth? Earth yeah  Oh okay But this is in the center of Earth so I guess you're always  I like to just, define the terms when I'm speaking with someone You're always in Earth or  Well this isn't actually the physical center of Earth IT'S NOT?!! Because they've been sayin that They've been sayin that  Have they?  I think they've been saying it's a different plane of existance Really? Is everyone in agreement on that? Cause I didn't know I haven't been to church, so I don't know what everyone  It's not just in church, it's in all kind of forms  of popular media that portray, Hell, it's not  It's not in the same physical realm (I see) as Earth  We're the Hell for, the whole universe (I see)  So anyone who's bad in the whole universe So aliens are here (comes here) there's bad aliens  But here they're just y'know, they're just souls  Everybody's just souls (ohh okay)  But aliens all look like humans anyway Ah really?  Everybody's humans, there's no, every  All the animals that are on Earth  are what the animals look like on on every planet Oh, well that's very simplistic... convenient~!  It's just, yeah it's just kinda how it all works out  A lot of people are gonna be disappointed  when they perfect uh, deep space travel and find that out You're right, a lot of people ARE gonna be disappointed  I am right... why do you think you're here?  Why do you think you're in Hell? Well I assume how I acted up ahh y'know on On the surface of Earth y'know and uhh It wasn't I didn't make the best decisions let's just say that  You didn't act so good up on Earth I wasn't a good person, maybe I had put some stupid skits on my records maybe I was a a bad drunk, maybe I didn't treat people as well as I could've y'know  You didn't make the best decisions You're right, I didn't, and now I probably have to answer for that  You were on MySpace like a jackrabbit  but you didn't make the Facebook switch so easily I was on MySpace, much like a jackrabbit  How many Facebook friends do you have? I, currently have about seven thousand Facebook  Seven thousand - how many did you have on MySpace? I have about ninety thousand MySpace friends  What's up with that? (Why?) Why the falloff? Well I think MySpace is a dead site  Yeah but you got so many more friends on MySpace I don't know what it is either, it's cause of Flash I can't get the Flash, and everyone's poking me Everyone's asking me if I want to be a pirate or  You gotta ignore that shit! I CAN'T!! I have to click on all of it  You can't accept every God damn plant or But they all want to hang out with me  Star Wars figurine I, I can't help it~! (Ignore it) People give me little gifts A guy gave me a little Wally the other day, I...  I accept those things and then I don't know, I never know  how to install the application I just don't understand it I feel like I really receive a gift, AND a poke  Well your soul's very bad, it's very corrupt Really? (Yeah) That's surprising to me Cause I was a really good person up there  You were a good person, it mostly has to do  with the quality of, your, music, your artistic output It, so, it was so bad it's considered a sin down here  Your rap-ping is not great It's not good to you  It's not just me~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part One Song: Gauges Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Always lip smackin, that's how we actin Always ass grabbin, she's so attractive Always never happens unless it's intermittent When we are together I kinda go ballistic Always hand holdin that's how we rollin Always apart, so our heart parts are swollen Always on my mind it's like we share the same soul And when we aren't together I kinda lose control YEAH! [mc chris] I like that she got strangeness, how can we arrange this? A moment of your time because my mind needs maintenance Little bit of patience, must be persistent Think that I like her now I want her this instant Can it be love yo, always been against it Unrequited was a wreck then I set my sights on this kid Mystic, hip chick, life had went and fixed it Kismet, lips wet, think I am addicted Like I had a life and somebody went and pimped it Give my digits a minute so never insist it And then when I kissed it, it tasted like lightning Chewin BubbleYum now we cuddle bums for lifey In time we might be, now we're separate places An Audi's hell B, my pelvis is anxious She is the bomb dig, she's so outrageous I love my girl cause my girl got gauges [mc chris] Flew her to Virginia, flew her to Manhattan Flew into my life now I'm psyched to start rappin Somebody threw their cap in, I thought I was too lame But yo she brings the heat like the tiniest blue flame Now I know a new name, I got a new boo Like we in Bowser's Castle life's a raffle I don't lose Though I got the answer like the endin of Blue's Clues My plan is to romance her 'til her very last tooth's loose I am just not used to the way that my heart beats Now she in my life like a kid in a car seat I drive a little slower cause I know her in real life Black girl jeans with the booty that's too tight Now that I have hindsight I'm happy for heartbreak I don't mind that the main event starts late At least it started I was ready for dark days Don't mind that we're apart as long as we don't part ways [mc chris] Yo girl, this is mc chris, I'm sorry it didn't work out I really wanted it to, but you're just too far away, and at the end of the day I can't handle that long distance relationship no more I come home from tour every time and I got some girl I can spend time with on the phone on Google chats on America Online Instant Messenger But it's not the same as just holdin somebody in real life Y'know you can smell their bad-ass breath And you know when they fart, I wanna know when you fart girl but I don't and that's why I gotta say goodbye Cause you could be fartin, and I wouldn't even know F'real, let the choir sing The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part One Song: Rocky's Robot Butler Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash It's not like a gloom and doom kind of a place You can have a good time down here  Well, that's kind of what I wanted to talk to you about  I want you to be part of something - it's a game show A game show?  It's called GTFO GTFO sounds cool!  Why does it sound cool? JUST CAUSE IT'S LETTERS~! Letters, you can do that with anything  Okay, that's true  Yeah, it's a game show, I want you to be a contestant  I'm the host (right?) and if you win, if you survive What'll I get?  Through all the different portions of Hell  You will get (I'm excited) what you want What I want? (What's your wish, to get?) My wish? Anything I can think of? God  Any +ONE+ thing you can think of, don't go crazy I've always wanted a robot like Rocky had  A robot like Rocky had? But I, I feel like this isn't the right time for that  Wait But he was like a robot butler, he'd bring you your dinner and like your milk if your dad's away And you're like "Dad doesn't me love me" and the robot would be like "Don't be sad!"  Which Rocky? What Rocky are you talking about? It's like Rocky II, when he got rich  You know I never have seen one of the Rocky movies You haven't seen the Rocky movies? (No) They came out with the new one that had a lot of, Christian imagery  There's a robot in Rocky II? There's a robot in Rocky II! He doesn't fight Rocky or nothin He's not like who he meets in the ring at the end of movie He's like a buddy, he's like a friend  Alright, alright you want that robot you got it Well no, I don't want that robot! I want to get out of here  Uhh, you wanna get out of Hell? I wanna get out of Hell  Alright, fine~! You mean I don't get the robot then? I could have had the robot? You could've  You could've had the robot in Hell  Now I should remind you, if you get out of Hell  you may just be a ghost, haunting Earth Really? (Or maybe not, it's a gamble) Okay, it's a gamble That sounds like a jerk move on your part but, you are  I'll tell you this much, if it turns out that you are a ghost  you can have the robot also Pfft well that's no fun, a ghost and a robot What kind of adventures can they go on? Pfft... and he... I guess you're right  But you won't be able to physically interact with the robot Ohh! (And it won't acknowledge you) So when we want to do a fist bump... we can't  You'll do it but the robot won't know about it (oh)  It'll just be a visual thing for you  So is this prize, have we worked out the prize? Yeah, the ghost robot!  I'm writing it down, I'm sliding it over to you Okay let me just  Handing you this pen I gotta dip in this, well of, bloody looking ink - is this blood?  Blood ink, is it blood? No it's ink! Human, human blood; okay, red ink?  Human blood~?! (Yeah) Yeah red ink you ever heard of it? No!!  Yeah uh, there's such a thing as red ink  Why would I have blood, on my desk? Cause this is the underworld and you guys do spooky stuff down here!!  There's no blood! It's all souls! (Okay)  There's no physical blood (alright I'm sorry)  What's the matter with you? (I don't know!)  Blood on the desk {*scoffing*} I guess I made a, I, jumped to con-conclusion  That's really grizzly I'm sorry!  Just got a fuckin, ink blotter of blood on the desk Yeah, but this has been a real pleasure and I appreciate your time I guess these two demon hounds are gonna escort me outta here  Oh, yes, they're gonna escort you out  They're gonna get you into makeup Okay, here they go, leading me out~!  Oh wait can you hand me that? Hand you THIS?! (Yeah) Certainly  Thank you, okay, goodbye! So long my good sir!!  And can you unstop the door so it closes behind you? I certainly can!!  Okay thank you Thank you!  Okay byyye! Alright then!  Oh Chris? Mm-hmm?  Can I have my pen back? Oooh hoo hoo you saw that!  Yeah Okay here you go  Thank you! You're welcome!  Goodbye! Lovely office  Thank you!! Not - I like it  You guess what this paint is? What is it?  It's blood It's blood, okay well that just  Blood paint That doesn't really follow That doesn't really go with what you said before  What did I say before? You said that blood in Hell is just didn't make any sense  No it makes sense Okay! Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part One Song: IG-88 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] I'm a Go-bot that's gone nuts it's kinda scary Job's a cover I'm really a revolutionary Bounty hunter gunner don't bleed white blood See me at the pit cause you're gonna get fucked up 21-B homie you cant afford this Magnaguard with a little rigamortis No tow cable, no cloakin device Just reliable recovery for a reasonable price I got, four copies you can call 'em clones Look how we shine, you can call it chrome Import AI, one mind to four chassis The fifth declined, it's crazy if they ask me Take a back seat, in my Chevrolet Let me tell you about my plan to make a better day Let me tell you who I am and how I paved the way Made it cool for HAL to say, "I can't help you Dave" Why you gotta player hate on IG, eighty, eighty-eight Why you gotta player hate on IG eighty-eight, whooaaah [mc chris] Go back to Galactica, you protocol puke Your like a slave I'm gettin paid, so pass me the loot - w00t I'm not impressed with your inquisitive quest Leave you astro make a gastrointestinal mess Now I'm the best in the West, go check the pulse cannon Born 15 years before the battle of Yavin I'm a big boy, got big boy guns I prefer disintegrate, fuck shit on stun So hardcore I'm like a droid Darfur Slice your head right off like you're a red R4 You work on star tours tell me you aren't bored Time to get on board the great droid war (Roger Roger) Make a few factories, implant my mind In every single droid comin down that line Waitin for the day order finally comes Eradicate all biological scum [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part Two Song: Zuckuss' Prius Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Worked for the empire worked for the Hutts Worked for anybody cause I didn't give a fuck A job is a job and a bounty gets a buck And I'm always kinda poor cause this war kinda sucks The mental schizophrenic from the gas planet Gand I'm a chubby little grub, more insect than a man Three fingers on each hand I can regenerate limbs I'm a rebel sympathizer cause a guy killed my kin Don't talk, don't sleep and I don't take baths Never could compete flunked fourth grade math Crash course in the Force made of poor kids' laughter Now I'm meditatin waitin predictin' the prey's path When I said I, might have been a Jedi Nobody gave a shit so I split on the red eye So I go buy a blaster and a bowtie To the hunters guild cause this field has a gold mine We got the bug eyes, it doesn't bug us 4lom and Zuckuss bad-ass motherfuckers We got the bug eyes, it doesn't bug us 4lom and Zuckuss bad-ass motherfuckers [mc chris] Then I got a partner and the jokes were never funny For him it's not an art it's for the love of the money We would ambush our opponents intercept their information He brought the knowledge and logic I brought the meditation Got a reputation, now my bling is a computer Vader called us up to chill on the executor Said he had a smuggler that was buggin his breather Yo I can relate I can't hardly breathe either It's a mess but not the best when we can finally find Fett Intercept the bounty cut the gross, and not the net He's a tricky little dick with a dent in his dome Got away with solo now Lom's a puddle of chrome Brain was wiped got him workin but it wasn't the same Like back in the day off the chain kickin ass taking names I became a rebel agent thanks to 21-B A new lung new life, yo it's up in the streets [Outro] We got the bug eyes, we got the bug eyes We got the bug eyes, new lung new life yo it's up in the streets We got the bug eyes, we got the bug eyes We got the bug eyes, we got the bug eyes New lung new life, yo it's something to see That's it~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part Two Song: Neville Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I am the chosen one, no need to hold a gun I take you there like a double decker bus does I am a Gryffindor, stand up to Voldemort I break it up like it was horcruxes [mc chris] Loved by the kitchen staff, I'm why the Weasleys laugh Know my way around in fact I memorized Marauder's Map If you have to ask what it's like and how longs it last kinda sorta felt like wearing a flaming sorting hat Name is Neville I'm a rebel don't worry about detention Did I fail to mention that my specialty's suspension As in getting lifted I'm a hippy comes to Hogwarts hookups I'm the kid you look up when you feel like gettin shook up I got cockroach clusters, I got them chocolate frogs I got every flavor made by that babe Bertie Botts I got what you want, I got what you need I got those wizzy beats so fizzy you say wizard please I'm summoned with a spell cause pagers are prohibited You can go to hell, if you think my times unlimited I'll meet you by the willow kid if you prefer the forest Just bring that goblin gold and don't wake Mrs. Norris [Chorus] - 2X [mc chris] They say that I am lacking and I ain't up to snuff Snapes always on my case cause he secretly sucks It's hard rememberin stuff, I think my brain has been wiped Like I might have seen some shit that would scar you for life So they think that I'm a fuck up and it's brilliantly clever So many things I can't remember like where's my toad Trevor Can I ask for the password I fear I have forgotten Call me Neville Longbottom I leave every bong rotten Love treacle, Buckbeak, elf eye to Ireland Meet me at the one eye'd witch or room of requirement Step back, catch a cactus blast of my stinksap Chill Dumbledore is down, in fact he likes a fat sack If you want a break from the stress and the studies Holler at your buddy and I'll make you feel funny I'm the pudgy Pureblood packin unicorn power Up in the highest tower where I fire up my flowers [Interlude] {*coughing*} This is stupid guys This is stupid, we're wasting our money We should be using magic [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part Two Song: Potato Cakes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Thanks for choosing Arby's Would you like to try one of our brand new toasted subs? That's right Arby's now has toasted subs Would you like to try our brand new jalapeno bites with bronco berry sauce? That's right, we now have jalapeno bites with bronco berry sauce Your total is five dollars and, thirty-seven cents Please pull around [mc chris] We're like two cakes, two potato cakes We're like two cakes, two potato cakes We're like two cakes, two potato cakes We're like two cakes, two cakes [mc chris] She not allergic to nerd urgin but she's shy to serve it I'm so bitter bout shit, she gives me a lift and I'm nervous See we both work at Arby's, but in separate sections And she doesn't know I like her that she gives me erections She's up at the counter, I'm in the hole in the back Taking orders, making change, puttin toys in the bags We smoke butts on occasion, and I really can't stand it But she's from another planet so I deal like I'm Gambit Smoke breaks are like dates, so I don't mind the coughin But I'd rather get blazed with the cook in the walk-in But I feel like I'm stalkin, I can tell she's uneasy Not appeasing to be creeping so I still hold her cheesy At the end of the night, I'm sure to ask for a ride Been a really long day, I feel like dying inside Feel like driving all night, home life's kind of fucked Never dropped me off, never rolled the window up What? We're like two cakes (we're like two cakes) Two cakes, two potato cakes (two cakes, two cakes) We're like two cakes (we're like two cakes) Two cakes, two potato cakes (two cakes) We're like two cakes (we're like two cakes) Two cakes, two potato cakes (two cakes, two cakes) We're like two cakes (we're like two cakes) Two cakes, two potato cakes (two potato cakes) [mc chris] Up at 6:30, take a shower cause I'm dirty Go to school, keep on flirting with this girl I think is purty Yeah I know she's gonna hurt me but it's worth it I assure it She's so perfect, I'm so putrid, where is Cupid and some courage? I will love her always, torment in the hallways Treated like a cretin, something creeping in your crawl space See her at the lockers, see her knockers in her sweater Soon she'll find the letter where I go ahead and tell her She's like, "I'm so stoked, I got a date to the dance!" Well there's a girl from art class, that I guess I could ask "You should go, we could double, there's a really big party Oh by the way, I've got good news, I finally quit Arby's I'm a hostess at Chili's, and it's really the bomb My date's a waiter there, it's where he asked me to prom" And so I linger on with my pale blue eyes Walkin through the hood cause I've lost my ride [repeat 2X] This job is alright, as far as fast food goes Free grub is a perk, but the benefits blow If the manager's cool we get to chief in the store Turn the stereo on, while we sweepin the floor Well the jocks they know I work here and they recognize my voice Throw empties at my window but that's beside the point It's a minimum wage, it's a bit of a pain But every jerk was worth it cause her beautiful face [mc chris] And so I survive, I'm prepared to do prep I'm sweatin by the ovens, someone turn on the vents What a turn of events, now I'm sort of a mess There's a new girl she retarded, now the manager's tense The cook's out of weed, and I kinda miss it But I still show up for work like this shit is no big Like my heart is not broke, like she done me no harm I don't wanna be a wuss so I still set my alarm I'm upset but not emo, and there's no one to fight I can block the empties with a shield like I'm prototype Close the window to the world if it's not actin quite right Pack the pipe in the parkin lot with manager Mike I can deal with this shirt, I got really cool bosses I can stock the desert, I can marinade the sauces It's scary but awesome, when it comes to my job I never even think about the time I was robbed {*gunshot*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part Two Song: Japanese Maid Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: mc chris - singing] I bought you, I love you, I want to subjugate you tonight I claimed you, I named you, can't wait, you need to do me for life I think that you're great, you give me such a clean place My Japanese maid, you are my wife and my slave You do everything right, how did my whites get so bright? You are oh so polite, and your vagina's so tight [mc chris] Harajuku heaven sent, Pine-Sol, lemon scent She worth it, every cent, she perfect in every sense I need some cooking cleaning, don't mean to be demeaning But when you feather dust my nutsac turn into a demon There was no other recourse, so many chores that you can do on all fours So many windows and doors, so many rooms that you want to explore So much dirt in the kitchen, so many dirty positions Guess who's cleaning dishes, guess who's penis gets kisses? Mine does - word up [mc chris] Soft scrub, gloves are rubber, you're the quicker picker upper Draw a bath and bring me supper, she's my servant and my lover There is no need for garters, my dick is getting harder Go grab a Swiffer, make it stiffer, stir it up for starters I like to whip you raw, work it non-stop Makin me wish I had nine tentacle cocks Flirty little fox, with animal ears on top, I'm about to J-Pop Got her on lock, down in my dungeon devices Now that I know that she's priceless, she could be my Bubblegum Crisis ... I don't know what that means [chorus] [mc chris - singing] I don't think you understand Bitches The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part Two Song: Happy Hunting Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Announcer] Now we're going to launch our three contestants to the three corners of Gell, as soon as I press this button Should I press this button? (YAYYY!) Yeah! The immediate viewer poll tells me press the button so I'm going to press, this, FUCKING BUTTON! BOOM! FHEWWWWW! YEAH! Off they go rocketing at the speed of thought into the three corners of Hell - they're gone They've started their journey But, as we all know, to chase and hunt them on the journey are THE HUNTERS (OOOHHHH!) Here they come one by one, here's Scorpio Tensular Ring'Em Young Jake 'The Rake' Colby Ricky Rack Icestorm Fusspants Fire Brigade Cupid's Devil Little Winky Jackulope Snaps Pro The Cunt Funtler Chint Mason Dixon Happenstance Running Toes Facefuck The German Houstonoff Lee Barbs the Fumin Krarmen Taina Ray Tanka Two Magoah The Phillipino Nino Gravel Snipperhead The Chick Man Fuck Tackler Kreliamite The Terlminator Smank! Ed Krelly Fenton and The Whims Prilosec Jack Tuckmann Yulio The Beemaster Prant Little Pinkman Wiwo & Zee-vo The Pululist Snappy Mouseman Chive The Salad Tosser Marl Chavon Ugamu The Pinkie Imp Lift Lockman The Firemaster The Gun Grunt The Military Monkey! Suck Dickman Little Willy The Mafia Jax The Little Dipper The Chinese Torch Funk & Freak Millie and The Bandits The Raker Smelly Cyrus Hopper, and The Rabbit Toe Frelling Zip Zap Mutt Chit Fit Willy Willy Louie Loo-eye Sally Mae and Fannie Brick Old Grandma Brother Bear Huggy Malone Lucky Luigi The Janitorial Staff and Their Mothers The Jew The Grabber Megan's Law Parp Sidd E. Kwai The Jamaican Bacon The Reefer Runner Hep Cat The Biker Bunch and The Bag Ladies Hell Mutt Tatanka Andre the Gyna The Smiler The Big Apple Jerkus Fellati-WHAT?! Iceman Buzz Electrofuck Zappy the Shitman Cometh The Queer The Dandelion The Laugher El Kazoo The Lamp The Chairmaster The Radiator El Tablo Rinky Runkman The Public Speaker The DVD Collection The Fart Drapes Howard Zinn The Condom The Hippie The Invisible Ma'am The Finger Fucker The Toothless Shithead annnnnnnd... Mittie the Monkman Marty! (YAAAYY) Yeah! You've met your hunters Happy hunting hunters! We release you now to the three corners of Hell to kill those contestants! Or, if not kill, subdue their souls in the box of Na'arma'woreth for all of eternity I'll be checking in periodically through the show Enjoy, and remember, G T F OOOOOOHHHHH! All guests of GTFO stay at the wonderful Ramada-Hyatt resort in beautiful downtown Los Angeles The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris f/ Chint, George Lowe Album: Part Six Part Three Song: The Bridge of Fire Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [George Lowe] We now return you to the underworld's #1 mega hit game show G, T, F, OHHHHHHHH! Let's join mc chris and Chint as they face off on The Bridge of Fire This shit is gonna be awesome! [Chint] Hahahahahahaha, SHUT UP~!!! You never faced a, somebody like me You may have burned Fire Brigade Uhh fucked Suck Dickmann And killed Ed Krelly But you'll never defeat... {CHINT} [mc chris] CHINT!! Aww man I didn't see you coming Well yeah I guess I did cause I killed all the other hunters And you're the last one and it's time for you to go, mister! [Chint] Those other hunters were NOTHING compared to {CHINT} [chris] You're the worst one of them all, the master hunter [Chint] That's right, the big bad-ass [Chint] I've already got Genghis Khan and Napoleon's souls [Chint] in the box of Na'arma'woreth {*both struggle to pronounce it*} [chris] The box of Na'arma'woreth? [Chint] The box of Nahalamorweth [chris] The Namaraleth box?! [Chint] The box of Na'arma'woreth!!!! [chris] No way! [Chint] And soon you'll be joining them in there [Chint] for a tear party of eternity [chris] NEVERRRRRR! [Chint] Your three souls will be joined inside the horrors of oblivion [chris] Oh that sounds horrible to me I won't let it happen! [chris] I take out the dagger that I took [Chint] WHAT?! {*ooooooohhhh*} [chris] I'm taking out the dagger that I [chris] I stole from Prant (ohh) [chris] And I'm stabbing you in the stomach with it!! [Chint] OHHHHH, PRANT'S DAGGER, MY ONE WEAKNESS [chris] I knew that about you [Chint] Oh, FUCK~!!!! PRANT'S DAGGER IS MY DEATH THING [chris] I knew that about you, I looked you up [chris] I looked you up and I found, out [Chint] OHHHH FUCK OH FUCK OH FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK [chris] that, you, don't, like, this, dagger, being, stabbed, into you [chris] Mother, fucker! [Chint] I'm dead, I'm dead [mc chris] I killed them all I killed all the hunters you hear that Killian? [Chint] No, no, no shut up There's one, hunter, left [mc chris] That's impossible I've killed them all Who could it be? [Chint] No, there is one [mc chris] WHO IS IT?!?!!! [Chint] One (TELL ME WHO IT IS) One more (WHO, WHO IS IT?) Millie and The Bandits [mc chris] {*laughing in despair*} Millie and The Bandits I knew it! They're next [Chint] I wrote a letter, to my dad [mc chris] Nooooo! [Chint] Can you see that it gets to him? [mc chris] {*laughing*} I will make sure that he gets this [Chint] Make sure my dad, GETS THIS LETTER [mc chris] Who's your dad Chint? [Chint] ... Suck Dickmann [mc chris] {*unable to contain his laughter*} Okay I'll do it! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part Three Song: Hipster Hunter Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] BROOKLYN!!!!!!!!! I was out in Brooklyn let it be known 2005 the waterfront was the zone That's when I arrived I was fresh off the boat The isle was ATL and it was swell to be home Couldn't go to Queens, greek priests look like sith Couldn't go to Bronx cause that's where the real rappers live Couldn't live in Jersey cause some ex's wanna hurt me Couldn't happen in Manhattan cause I'm just a fan like Fergie So even though it really hurt I went ahead with Billy Burke And it was so convenient the break seemed like this could really work Then I started countin jerks found them out was quite a stir Had to get Excel just to tell how many that there were Easy to identify I learned how to hunt them Missing from the crib and first to flame them and I dumped them Know what I say fuck them a defensively fashioned function You think that they'd be fun but that's a dumb assumption [Chorus: repeat 2X] Party's nonstop til cops come a knockin 'til bodies start bobbin I'm the hipster hunter Prescription pill poppin, collective cock blockin, I'm dead d-bag droppin I'm the hipster hunter [mc chris] Cause they're borderline squatters, peg-legged bastards Jeans so tight make your balls say the password My point is these is pirates and they all got bands They got really cute girlfriends, all I gots my hand You don't even understand how I can mock a Motley Crue I prefer a park with cynics a park with Polish prostitutes I prefer piano why because their sound is really sad No one seems to noticed monsters rarely have to make these bands I detect your defects, are in need for respect And Mr. Boogie Nights with the very hairy V-neck Hey asshole wearin scary specs like you are Tom Daschle hang you off a roof make you hum Crystal Castles It's invite only to my gallery show Then I turn on the gas cause they all gotta goooo You cut coke like it's class you beg for a bus pass Rock the Rachel Ray scarf and Glenn Frey's moustache [Outro] I'm the hipster hunter {*4X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part Three Song: Dengar's Dumptruck Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: repeat 2X] I will never flake on how you changed my life (no way, no way) My minds a machine and its always in overdrive (watch out, watch out) [mc chris] Orwellian Corellian, a killer for credits A temper tantrum phantom with the penchant for menace I got a wicked head cold could somebody call the medics So many cybernetics hallucinations and headaches I was a stone cold daddy, I was so long gone Young and stupid I was swoopin in the swamp with Han Final lap it's a trap Solo sneaks up from behind Got a forehead full of flames and I feared to cross the line Brain was bashed, ride was smashed on a crystalline stem I was fucked, out of luck, and I wished to be dead But the Empire scooped me up they delivered me from hell Filled my brain in hate and pain like a ghost in a shell They took away compassion and my ability to care Say they took my heart, but it wasn't ever there And in that very place they put a more persistent rage Sworn to kill the kid who put his thruster in my face [mc chris] If you talkin trash then I'll throw it in the back If you talkin smack then my Vulken's set on blast Please don't mention Merc, it reminds me of my past Yo they got their just desserts I deserted really fast I became a bounty hunter though my bounty's often bodies Seem to kill my conquest 'less the conquest is a hottie There was one particular instance where they needed my help A princess was in peril, people played by the pelt Eradicate a general cause I'm cool with the fools errand Liberate her people and maybe impress her parents She made me feel deservin like my name was Alex Murphy She's like "Nice to meet you Yoshimitsu no need to desert me" But I had to hunt down Han, I was a man on a mission We kissed goodbye I cried then that fucked up my system Then I shuffled off to Hoth cause my plates are polar ready Cool calm and collected underneath my suit I'm sweaty [mc chris] I was pimpin in the district of the cumulonimbus I was on the track of Solo cause my shit is persistent I was three days late, Fett fooled with the 5000 But that's just great cause soon my dick found housin I recognize a stripper under imperial rule That ass had me flippin like inferior duels I freed all the dancers, they boarded the Jumpmaster It was like a party bus 'cept nobody was plastered The ladies took control they put up a stripper pole Put that shit on auto-pilot set that brain on rock and roll But I'm still on lock and load, can't appreciate the princess I need to go to Jabba's and finish up my business I finally found Han, could confront the carbonite Found I could care less, accidents are part of life Saw my hoochie poppin coochie for some alien guy Then Fett drugged me and drived me to the valley to die A goner for sure they left my trooper plates in place A simple act of kindness reminds us more than hate in space My love she found me there, restin in Death's hand We soon became betrothed Boba our best man Cause I pulled him out the pit, one good turn deserves another I nursed him back to health because he's my bounty hunter brother We both been through this shit had our share of regrets But at the end of the day I can definitely say I'm a fan of the Fetts The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris f/ John Bowie Album: Part Six Part Three Song: Kindle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash  Hi, can I uh, can I, run alongside ya? Sure, sure, yeah  Here, have some Gatorade Oh wow thanks wow that's refreshing with the blue lightning  Yeah, it is It's delicious  Yeah well have a have a Power Bar Thank you! {*munching*}  You don't recognize me do ya? No but your voice is kinda, familiar  Chris it's John Bowie John Bowie keep running keep running  You left me in the {?} station years ago Yes yes I remember~!  Yeah, anyway I got hit by a train I've been sent to Hell  But listen I have news for you What, what is it?  You're not in Hell because you're a bad person I knew it! I knew it's cause I'm not a bad person, I knew it  You were sent to Hell, because  an evil spell was cast upon you Spell I, yeah that's right in the treehouse That was a zombie I remember now! I feel like Wolverine right after "House of M"  Ooh don't get don't say anything I haven't seen it yet Okay okay sorry you can't see it it's a comic book  Ohh, sweet Keep running! Keep running!  Whew, this is really  I really should have stretched before this  This is, HUH!  Anyway, listen, take this Kindle This  It has, the Dark Arts book What?  That you need, to get out of Hell Wow, a Kindle, I wanted one of these! You can, download newspapers can't you  Oh don't you have one yet? Oh it's amazing  These are great, these are great  It's so great because otherwise you like  carry the {?} around for weeks and it's not cool Oh right right you have to like deal with the weight of a book  So listen, you go to chapter 666 of the Dark Arts book Right  And it will explain everything you need, to get out of Hell 666 okay I'll try to remember that Thank you John Bowie!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part Three Song: Emo Party Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] I'm gonna have myself an emo party I will invite all of my emo friends We will put all our records on and dance and dance and dance until we don't feel sad [mc chris] Shake that booty, wipe them tears Work that body, fight them fears Speak your mind and let them hear Defend yourself, cause you're not weird We got balloons and paper plates Party favors, ice cream cake Turtlenecks and circle frames One eye's hidden behind my bangs Got black jeans, I got Doc Martens Skin that's thick and a heart that's hardened Lives have ended, party started Pocket full of pencils, let's get arty No big whoop, ain't no thang Dance pants on and a disco brain I feel no pain, got no nerve endings Now check the e-vite that I'm sending [mc chris] I don't wanna be sad no more I just wanna get on the dance floor In this case the carpet, might sound far-fetched Goes into my art and makes me an artist Why I suffer, why I moan Why I feel bad so bad to the bone! Grind my teeth, demolish my molars Erratic emotion cause I'm mostly bi-polar Shake that ass, write that blog Get out the word while you work that jaw Write that poem, squirt them guts You're not alone, yo you're not nuts! Are you depressed? Suicidal? Lackin liquids that are vital? Come to my party, it's like Oz It's where we go to shake them blahs [Chorus] - 2X [repeat 4X] I don't wanna be sad [repeat 2X] E-e-e-e-e, emo party, emo party party party E-e-e-e e emo party party party party party [Outro] E-e-e-e-e, emo, emo E-e-e-e e, emo, emo E-e-e-e-e, emo, emo E-e-e-e e emo party party party party party The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part Three Song: Distant Lands Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] Someday soon further down the road I'll see you get to hold you close I cant believe I let you go You know that I would so propose It's like I'm off to distant lands It's like I'm lost without your hand I feel half here without your love Feels like I'm on designer drugs [mc chris] I can picture you and I, practically visualize I can picture privacy and night alone together time I can only dream this dream of mine until we're reunited We both feel a love inside - and we don't want to fight it All the couples must be tested, and stress they must go under I must go on tour, you must stay home and TUMBLR But I see your face in every sky every cheesy tot at Sonic Even though we say goodbye, even though I cry and honestly apologies are never necessary If there was a muddy place your body I would carry I'd protect your feet from glass, like my name was Lloyd You know you can say anything check the wedding ring I'm your boy Be building a million castles, be launchin a bunch of ships Be dealin with a bunch of assholes that be hatin on mc chris but Haters get put in the dustpan and lovers get put in the clouds And girl you're gonna get my lovin cause of you I am so proud [mc chris] Separation messin with her mind, these are trying times Smilin when expected when inside I'm cryin why It's like ancient times the caveman kind a court just can't acquit it We can't wait to be together and we're hyperventilatin Every minute we're apart, we made up in the future Every tear we that we cry is laughter in the Louvre The things we'll do to make up for the fates and how they test us The sketties we'll take home on the back of our rented Vespas I see so many travels, so many carnivals in common We be gobblin on gourmet meals or maybe rainy days with ramen I, see your yard with swings and the pleasures that they bring I, see your porch with screens so the bugs can never sting Lookin cute, Curly Sue, on the couch with corn for two We can fall asleep all pretzeled safely nestled me and you Even though we're far apart and our love seems just a vision Soon we'll be together layin kissin intermission The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Apple Tummy Song: Peer Gynt Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Hello my name's mc chris, I am white, and I rap I know that you think my voice is kinda annoying But when it is on a mic, it is nice, kinda like The wind through windchimes at night now knight me The Boy King I'll require a throne and hoes, don't forget, lots of 'dro Wasn't long ago I lived on milk and kidney beans But now I've been vilified, thanks to these mic skills of mine Nerds they all get in a line with things to sign, mc Groupies throw their thongs and bras, midget girls, Amazons Take 'em home pajamas on let's play some hide-and-seek But don't worry dad and mom, always have a condom on I got better sense than that don't wanna catch VD Did I discuss my dividends? That depends, are we friends? If we are then I can say I'm slingin wicked bling Enough that I can loan you some, what'cha want, 100 bucks? Pay your rent buy you a tux to me it's not a thing In the end it's just revenge, honor that's my last defense They should not have been so cruel so callous in their ways They were jealous of my depth, they would not give it a rest Hope my story's end sends them to an early grave Everything's just as I planned, I'm the bomb, I'm the man Sold out shows, New York, Japan I fill the stands with teens Hope they don't mind a melted face, the smell of toast, metallic taste That's the smell of burnin brains, you can blame mc Fire and brimstone, wrath of Hell, take the cards you've been dealt Take your wife to the hotel and F her in the tub Key your car and steal your mail - think I won't? I will prevail My jams will be anthems causing tantrums in the clubs Riot gear and dissidence, a loss of life and innocence Parachute apocalypse, it's like it's World War III Cause I failed a fitness test, doesn't mean you have to jest Maybe I should fill your chest, with some gasoline You might want to look away while the flames eat your face You'll be nothing but a bunch of bones perhaps some teeth Hope you learned your lesson dude a little less ineptitude Please be kind to others you'll be smothered in your sleep Bitches need to understand you don't fuck with mc Bitches need to understand you don't fuck with mc You hear that bitches? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Apple Tummy Song: Dare to Be Stupid * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * covering the Weird Al Yankovic song of the same name [Intro] Let's go!! [mc chris] Put down your chainsaw, and listen to me It's time for us to join in the fight It's time to let your babies grow up to be cowboys It's time to let the bedbugs bite You better put all your eggs in one basket You better count your chickens before they hatch You better, sell some wine, before it's time You better find yourself an itch to scratch You better squeeze all the Charmin you can when Mr. Whipple's not around Stick your head in the microwave and give yourself a tan... Talk, with your mouth full Bite, the hand that feeds you Bite, off more than you chew What can you do? Dare to be stupid Take, some wooden nickels Look, for Mr. Goodbar Get, your mojo working now I'll show you how~! You can dare to be stupid You can turn the other cheek You can just give up the ship You can eat a bunch of sushi and forget to leave a tip Dare to be stupid! Come on and dare to be stupid It's so easy to do sare to be stupid We're all waiting for you - let's go! It's time to, make a mountain out of a molehill So can I have a volunteer? There's no more time for crying over spilled milk Now it's time for crying in your beer Settle down, raise a family, join the PTA Buy some sensible shoes and a Chevrolet Then party 'til you're broke and they drag you away It's okay, you can dare to be stupid It's like spitting on a fish It's like barking up a tree It's like they say you gotta buy one if you wanna get one free Dare to be stupid (YEAH!) Why don't you dare to be stupid? It's so easy, so easy to do Dare to be stupid We're all waiting for you, dare to be stupid Burn your candle at both ends, look a gift horse in the mouth Mashed potatoes can be your friends... You can be a coffee achiever You can sit around the house and watch "Leave It To Beaver" The future's up to you, so what you gonna do? Dare to be stupid, dare to be stupid What did I say? Dare to be stupid Tell me, what did I say? Dare to be stupid It's all right, dare to be stupid We can be stupid all night, dare to be stupid Come on, join the crowd, dare to be stupid Shout it out loud! Dare to be stupid I can't hear you! Dare to be stupid Okay, I can hear you now - dare to be stupid Let's go! Dare to be stupid {*8X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Knowing is Half the Hassle Song: Hijack Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Call it a rebound of a hip-hop devout Got my heat out, feel alright like it is Friday night and pops says, "Yo, let's eat it out"  That's what I be 'bout On the mic is where I be now, indeed now Good for you and easy to chew, like a big bowl of puppy chow See how, I get up on the mic and I can excite You may call it tripe, that's just spite I know my shit's tight. psych, it's like when I was just just a tyke on my trike And all the big kids would flip lids on their BMX bikes Go take a hike, and don't forget the trail mix bitch Beats I know come from a Casio, so call me Chris As in MC, envy, I be on the top of the list You try to diss I won't resist You'll feel the kiss of my fist, I never miss You're gonna need a first aid kit Remove your whack ass rhymes like it be a cancerous cyst You can't deny your tight ass behind be so movin' to this mc chris hold down his shit like he was holding bong hits [Chorus: mc chris] Like Mahatma Gandhi followed by a horde of hotties or the feds on the trail of a Mr. John Gotti I'm a sound wave tsunami, vocal origami Hijack the mic and it's not like anyone can stop me [mc chris] It's like arithymatic, the way I make it stick Some say it's gibberish, some say it's silly shit But some people pay a cover charge to listen to it Some people take the path train to Jersey for it Ladies! In the corner with your hand on your hip Make you jump so high that the record will skip Make you feel so good that the room starts to spin My favorite kinda nut is a macadamian Come on all you honies, I am beggin to begin I say I gotta get the get the grand, gotta get within Gotta get more cream than Wisconsin Honeyroom suite at the Sheraton Bathtub full of expensive gin, lots of candles and violins Bikinis made of diamond Honies beggin me to break their hymens The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Eating's Not Cheating Song: Care Bear (Kelly's Song) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] You're cute as a care bear, I don't even care where You tell me to be, you know I'm gonna be there Know I'm gonna repair, your broken heart, I swear Cross my own on a dare, Al Capone love affair Got style extraordinaire, prepare for the rare mc devil-may-care, with the bev high hair I will be fair, no more sad solitaire I'll go to work like Dirk and save you from your Dragon's Lair You can't compare Well, ain't life a bitch, a daily kick in the dick Well if I had a dime for everytime, you know that I'd be rich What makes it worthwhile, is your beautiful smile I can't conceive the life I'd lead, if you would leave then I would die [mc chris] mc chris will appear from the rear with headphones on his ears And a head full of tears, because his girly is not near And he fears she be on a pimp's stick shiftin gears Another bitch ass trick that's a ho after some beers Should I say amaretto sour If I see ya drinkin PBR you're mine within the hour You can be my woman Wanda, I will be your Doogie Howser We'll play doctor, take a shower, go outside, pick you a flower Write you a haiku, say that I love you I can't afford a box of chocolates so yo here's a Yoo-Hoo The voodoo that you do is somethin I'm not used to I won't decline cause in time I'll be true blue [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MC Chris Album: Life's a Bitch and I'm Her Pimp Song: Fett's Vette Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [MC Chris] Cruisin Mos Espa, in my De Lorean War's over I'm a peacetime mandalorian The story has stumped Star Wars historians Deep in debate, buffet plate at Bennigan's Rhyme renegade, sure to penetrate First and second offense, I won't hesitate Got a job to do and Darth's the guy that delegates Got somethin against Skywalker someone he really hates I don't give a fuck, I'm after Solo For all I care, he could be hidin at Yoda's dojo Gotta make the money, credit's no good When the jawas run the shop in your neighborhood Think you can cook, I got a grapplin hook Let's make this quick cause I'm really booked I'm a devious degenerate defender of the devil Shut down all the trash compactors on the de-tention level [Chorus: MC Chris] My backpack's, got jets; well I'm Boba, the Fett Well I bounty hunt for Jabba Hutt, to finance my 'Vette (wiki wiki wiki) Well I chill in, deep space; a mask is over my face Well I deliver the prize, but I still narrow my eyes Cause my time I don't like to waste - get down! [MC Chris] I'm a question, wrapped inside enigma Get inside the Slave 1, find your homing signal From Endor to Hoth, Ripley to Spock I'll find what you want but there's gonna be a cost See my name is Boba Fett, I know my shit is tight Start not actin right, you're frozen in carbonite Got telescopic sight, flame throwers on my wrist You still don't get the gist, spiked boots are made to kick Targets are made to hit - you think I give a shit?! Yo' momma is a bitch, I see you in the Sarlacc Pit You just flipped my switch, integrity been dissed You scratchin on my itch! You know I shoot the gift I got bambinas at cantinas waitin to lick my lusty lips So I'll let you get back inside your little space ship Give you a head start, cause I'm the sportin kind Consider the startin line the sneaky smile I hide inside I hope you have hyper drive (drive) pray to stay alive ('live) Don't try to slip me a five cause I never take a bribe To the beat of a different drummer, bad-ass bounty hunter Let no man put asunder or else they be put under As in - six feet, got an imperial fleet backin me up, gonna blow up any attempt to defeat They got a, Death Star, I got four payments on my car I hand it over to Hammerhead at Mos Eisley bar He used to carjack, now he's a, barback Just goes to show how you can get back on the right track As for me that's not an option, can't say that with more clarity Me goin legit would be like Jar Jar on speech therapy [MC Chris] Slice you open like a tauntaun, faster than the Autobahn or a motorbike in Tron, do the deed and then I'm gone Jabba has a hissyfit, contact Calrissian Over a Colt, the plan unfolds, no politic is legit Back in the day when I was a slave Living life in the fast lane, like in a pod race Mean streak tweaked I became a basket case So this space ace split that place, post haste Took up a noble cause, called the Clone Wars Life's not all about girls and cars Gettin fucked up in fucked up bars See, I'm not a retard, or gay like DeBarge I'm large and in charge with a face so scarred A cold black heart that's been torn apart The Sith wish that they had a dick so hard Cause it's long long ago in a pussy far far Call me master, cause I'm faster than Pryor on fire I no longer have to hot wire I'm a hunter for hire, with no plans to retire And all the sucker MC's CAN CALL ME SIRE!!! [Outro] My backpack's, got jets... Well I'm Boba, the Fett... Well I bounty hunt for Jabba Hutt... To finance my 'Vette... Artist:	mc chris Album:	Dungeon Master of Ceremonies Song:	OMC Typed by: Mad_Dawg_2020@yahoo.com * Note: The chorus lyrics on the album version differ from the demo on MySpace "Oh, mc, won't you rhyme for me one time..." To the chicks and the bros, to the pimps and the hoes cheap seats to the front row! "Oh, mc, won't you rhyme for me one time..." To the kids in the Polo, to the nasty-ass hobos; welcome to the mc chris show! Okay, you want a rhyme, how would you like it cooked? I only serve it well, you can check the record books You can check my record sales, not bad for an Indie Want square beef, then go eat at Wendy's Now nerds are trendy, they call it Geek Chic Nerds never noticed, they were on their PCs Never mind a chill pill, you ill will get deep freezed now hold up for a second - mc can't breathe! HUUUHHH! Okay, I'm back, I shouldn't have left you I'm Max on the tracks, I might need some Headroom Allergic to my deaf tunes like they were legumes; in the distance, you'll be limbless sayin', "Just a flesh wound!" Sometimes I rhyme fast, sometimes I drink quick If this was gym class, I'd be the last picked but it's a rap record, a brand new jam fix Wait 'til the fans get their hands on this shit "Oh, mc, won't you rhyme for me one time..." To the chicks and the bros, to the pimps and the hoes cheap seats to the front row! "Oh, mc, won't you rhyme for me one time..." To the kids in the Polo, to the nasty-ass hobos; welcome to the mc chris show! Are you lost and alone like a lonely little goldfish? We fit together like soap in a soap dish I know you think that it's hopeless Well, let me fill you up with a cup of hot dopeness Kids, they quote Chris. Think I don't know this? Check the flow, bitch, you need to get to know kitsch If the niche fits, kids foamin' with canip' spit better stick 'cause a nine to five's for dipshits Ends with interest sweeter than a Chipwich stick to ya ribs like barbecue beef brisket Visit for a minute, get baked like I'm Bisquick Leave the ladies horny, give the dogs little lipsticks It's the hip shit Let your soul and spirit fly into the mystic Every song's on your wishlist. Every day's mcchristmas Now can I get a witness? "Oh, mc, won't you rhyme for me one time..." To the chicks and the bros, to the pimps and the hoes cheap seats to the front row! "Oh, mc, won't you rhyme for me one time..." To the kids in the Polo, to the nasty-ass hobos; welcome to the mc chris show! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Knowing is Half the Hassle Song: Ten Year Old Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] What's my name? mc - And what do I do? Rap M.D.'s screaming need 50 cc's of mc stat E.R. staff be freakin' like Mariah on the rag mc chris squeezin' contents out of tiny plastic bags It's like hypnotizin' eyes and gettin' digits on the pad Legs seperate like hyphens because mc's still the mack Identify the items by the bar code on the tag Identify the rapper cause he's knee deep in the vag I got my glocks cocked, I got my nine's primed I got my crosshairs locked on Kelly LeBrock's behind I got my lungs locked on chemotherapy kind I got more rhymes than Shel Silverstein and Shakespeare combined [Chorus: mc chris] I sound like a ten year old or so I've been told But you don't need a voice that's low to make the microphone gold Others claim that they be midas but they got laryngitis Wo whyn'cha kick it with the mc with the voice that's the highest So come on [mc chris] What's my name? mc - And what do I do? Rock I'm intimidating jocks and inseminating socks I'm infiltrating flocks of fembots, high off that hemlock Mud wrestling bittie buttocks like ox Let's knock chucks cause we can't afford boots Let's get high a.k.a. pull tubes Don't ask why, just let it all loose Watch this mic get abused, watch me change your attitude Call me Gavin, I'm the captain of this Carnival Cruise Kathie Lee lets me rub my dick on her boobs Aeems tweens in cleavage jeans is many a man's muse All mc needs is just a bucket of booze Watch me, blow a load on your butt tattoo Watch me, come back for seconds like it's chinese food No one can hear you scream, cause it's a soundproof room I'm done, get the fuck out, send in number two! [mc chris] What's my name? mc - And what do I do? Roll I'm all up in that shit like it's fuckin cameltoe Olsen twins on my dick like it's a stripper pole If you're hooked on the shit, my middle name is methadone So, let's do this quick so no one will ever know mc nice got more ice than a fuckin eskimo He's not whack Nickelback singing songs for Michelob Jigga man, why you treat me like animal? At the mall, at the park, rollerink, backyard Soft hearted bard who makes the hardcore hard I weigh a buck fiddy, stand five-five And when I muff dive, you see the fuckin fur fly Don't own a celly, my sneakers is my ride Been disgraced, demoted, I been denied All my fan mail says someday that I'll get signed mc chris, lower case, no dots, rewind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MC Chris f/ Brak Album: Knowing is Half the Hassle Song: White Kids Love Hip Hop Typed by: 13thdragon@bellsouth.net [Brak in background] White kids love hip hop... White kids love hip hop... [Verse 1] White kids love hip hop and disc jocks Go-carts and fist fights Gettin' drunk on Bud then gettin' high like a pitch pipe Are you an MC Chris type? A hip hop lovin' half pint? Then just turn on your heartlight A bunsen burner barfly This is our time, blast it from the boombox Liberate the goondocks, saw your cousin in a....a tube top Bust a nugget in a....a tube sock It's 2pac, it's Big Pop, it's hip hop, it don't stop I love that song, I love that groove, motherfucker Well I can't help but move, so if you don't mind If it's alright with you I'm gonna get in the electric slide line just to prove that [Hook] White kids love hip hop White kids love hip hop White kids love hip hooooooop Oooooohhhhhh [Verse 2] White kids love hip hop and axel, tractors and Rambo Playin' Unreal Tournament with infinite ammo Taggers and vandals in black socks and sandals Doin' as many drugs as they can motherfuckin' handle Skippin' school, breakin' rules and flippin' the bird Fast food cartoons after 'ittin' some 'erb Freakin' them flirts, makin' 'em purr till it hurts Just a couple of nerds clockin' the curbs A couple a words about my 'nilla wiggas Packin' peters that are measured in millimeters We don't talk in the theaters like we're Siskel and Ebert We drink box wine and we listen to Weezer [Hook] White kids love hip hop White kids love hip hop White kids love hip hooooooop Oooooohhhhhh [Outro - Brak] Man there's nothin' to do in this stupid town Rope swing's busted, stinkin' cops always kickin' me outta the park Manager of the 7-11 always says "Get off my curb you good for nothin'" All the girls already know I'm a bad kisser So they won't come anywhere near me I don't know how many times I been TGIF A kid can eat an onion bloom only so many times Bowling's boring, the skating rink's been taken over by 12 year olds There ain't no good movies out Blockbuster never has any good games in I don't wanna play Bombad Racing I mean, what the heck is that? I'm sick of all my records And every time I walk into a record store I forget what I wanna get And there ain't nothin' on TV, not a stupid thing There ain't nothin' to do except take naps And wait paitently for death! White kids love hip hop White kids love hip hop White kids love hip hoooooopppp White....ohhhh bullshit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Life's a Bitch and I'm Her Pimp Song: DQ Blizzard Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris - singing through an electronic voice box] Your rapper.. he's whack dude.. and does he even try? Can he do.. what mine do? .. Think you should say goodbye [mc chris] Get up on the mic like a 5 on a 50 Quickly avoid the hickies of the bucktoothed bitties Fake Timberlake just to be by Britney Smoke that pipe with Whitney, shoot that blow with Iggy L.I.B., N.Y.C. and all places in between You could call me a mint cause I make the green I make the scene I make believe, that you all was naked So I wouldn't have to fake it, just copy and paste it Like Adobe Photoshop, redbone in RoboCop I get up on the mic and you know I won't fuckin stop It's like the props of Carrottop, or yellow stains in my socks You actin like you hip? You all hepped up on hops And yo let's do the body rock, cause the beat just be so bumpin Let's get our groove on 'fore our carriage is a pumpkin Before they outlaw fuckin, not bad for a drunken munchkin My name is mc chris and welcome to my lyric luncheon Word up, ah word up, ah word up, ah word up And you knowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.. oh-whoa-owww-owww [Chorus: MC singing] Name's MC, my band's The Lee Majors Put us on the bill, and boy you hit paydirt When I'm on the mic, the girlies wanna fliz-zirt But I tell 'em chill like a DQ Blizzard Help me - like a DQ Blizzard (D! D! Q Blizzard) Help me - like a DQ Blizzard (D! D! Q Blizzard) [mc chris] Like corned beef and cabbage, had Fred Savage The better than average rapper with the "have to have it" habit Heir apparent on my carrot like they was Jessica Rabbit Like fake wood paneling on the side of stationwagons Fraggle Rock on the box, Fruit Loops on my chin Wonderin, if I'm ever really gonna fit in Or be a son of a bitch, with a gut and some tits Or a roamin casanova with my dick in the {*car horn*} I'll be back in a bit, I gotta floss my Johnson Make that cream for the state Wisconsin You say all of my shit, is complete nonsense Fuck my CD and the shitty-ass contents Bullshit!!! My shit's the bomb Siamese twins want ménage à trois Robot bitches want their backs massaged They may not be real but their tits is large (damn!) Word up, ah word up, ah word up, ah word up And you knowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.. oh-whoa-owww-owww [mc chris - singing through an electronic voice box 2X] Your rapper.. he's whack dude.. and does he even try? Can he do.. what mine do? .. Think you should say goodbye The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Eating's Not Cheating Song: Tractor Beam Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] I'm like Kenny Rogers in "Six Pack," girls won't give my dick back All this sex affects my syntax, the pistol I pack's impact Make's you gasp in fact, so sit back, relax While I grind this axe on your Brazillian wax Without finishing fast I bask in the slash Underneath your cinnamon ass, about ten minutes it lasts I pull it out and pass gas My name is mc chris, kinda cute, kinda crass Ladies love me sending pics where they're scantilly clad Send some back then invite them to come crash at my pad They're like O M G, oh whattup, that'd be so rad We make the beast with two backs until we both get whiplash Get with the program, strip to the slow jam Slip on a Trojan, kissin the toes and Move to the knees, go back, repeat The job ain't done 'til you ruin the sheets My name is MC, and your name is a creep Because you creep into my bed about every week Tractor beam on my bed Got you actin' le freak Tractor beam on my bed Got you actin' le freak [mc chris] I should be flirtin with virgins instead of jerkin my gerkin I should be working the circuit assertive for certain With little aversion they all open they curtains Mini-Me starts emergin to be rid of his burden Did I fail to mention all the ladies say word Got a panty collection like a Japanese perv They're prepared to purr and to serve up they curves I skip the main course, I prefer the hors'douerves I like thongs, like grannies like any old panties Hanging on the lampshades as I tap on her back space I like bows, like lace, like suckin her face I like fuckin her waist, I make a bucket of paste When her eyes roll back it means her memory's erased Slow-mo, tip-toe my ass out of her place I quickly run to the clinic, a Q-tip in my diddick I wait two very long weeks to know if these nuts need a medic So c'mon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Apple Tummy Song: mc chris Ownz Paper Planes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] I spell word with a three, name's mc Other rappers flow weak like window unit A.C.'s Latinas on my penis, Japanese on they knees I love all the ladies as long as they 18 I got bling up the ying, a plethora of Porsches I'll say anything cause my mouth is remorseless Even The Source says my hip-hop's a vortex Leave horse heads on door steps, my mic checks cost Corvettes The strobe light explodes white as I step on the floor Thebar keep knows the code so he throws me a Stroh's Weak emcees decompose, cause they know I can flow Like Wessel comma Zam through Coruscant corridors Humidor filled with stoges, filled with 'dro Like 90210 it's filled with the word "bro" Fuck the lexicon of octagons I'm all about go These amateurs got catheters I'm all about prose by pros [Chorus: repeat 4X] All I wanna do is *Bang Bang Bang Bang* And *Click* *Ka-Ching*, and take your money [mc chris] I'm lit like a Branch Davidian I'm what's left of the lithium in Cobain's cranium I fill Wembley Stadium I'm once-bitten, twice-shy call it pyromania When I roll up in Kashyyyk, I roll three Jedis deep The fleet of peeps that I creep all got vests underneath There's no need to beleive in the heat that I keep The swears that I {*bleep*} or the heiresses I freak It's embarrassing to me, I'm like kerosene it seems Or D-R-E-W-B with incendiary schemes Blowing up making cream, I am just like Howard Dean When I scream I get red, I get mean Can't believe you be buyin what I be shuckin and jivin Fuck it if I am the next big thing with promotional tie-ins I am just a cartoon-making rappe, you think that I'm lying Everyone bust a move like it is a rave in Zion [Interlude] M.I.A. Third world democracy Yeah, I've got more records than the KGB So, uh, no funny business [Outro 2X: mc chris] Some some some I some I murder Some I some I let go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Apple Tummy Song: Punk Rock Academy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] I was fighting the mold in the bowl with my pee when a thought popped into my brain (what was it?) If all of us hated high school so much why was nothing ever changed? (F'real) So I called Brian up, with my plan that's red hot It was a private institution in the name of punk rock We got some government funding and our own private road And a 666 for our radio snow code [Chorus One] I had a dream when I was in high school That I attended, the punk rock academy I had a dream when I was in high school That I attended the punk, rock, acade-my!! (F'real) [mc chris] Chris Jensen's teaching science and he's still running mountain We fired the guy from bad religion cause he sold punk rock out and we'll give the dirty punks a dip & get rid of all their fleas And we'll never ever buy anything with a UPC [Chorus Two] I had a dream when I was in high school That I attended, the punk rock academy I had a dream when I was in high school That I attended the punk I attended the punk rock academy and no one made fun of me! [Interlude] Yeah~!! This is the solo, uh-oh uh-oh Shake what'cha momma gave ya (what? what?) Shake what'cha momma gave ya (I will not!) The punk rock academy Where all the students, they're diagnosed with ADD Take me home tonight I don't wanna let you go 'til the feeling's right Take me home tonight I don't wanna let you gooooo [mc chris] We'll import a token jock and then we'll kick his token ass And there will never ever be a physical education class Think about it you'll agree, it's the bizzity bizzity bomb And maybe we can get Esock to play the senior prom! [Chorus Two] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part Three Song: Hipster Hunter Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] BROOKLYN!!!!!!!!! I was out in Brooklyn let it be known 2005 the waterfront was the zone That's when I arrived I was fresh off the boat The isle was ATL and it was swell to be home Couldn't go to Queens, greek priests look like sith Couldn't go to Bronx cause that's where the real rappers live Couldn't live in Jersey cause some ex's wanna hurt me Couldn't happen in Manhattan cause I'm just a fan like Fergie So even though it really hurt I went ahead with Billy Burke And it was so convenient the break seemed like this could really work Then I started countin jerks found them out was quite a stir Had to get Excel just to tell how many that there were Easy to identify I learned how to hunt them Missing from the crib and first to flame them and I dumped them Know what I say fuck them a defensively fashioned function You think that they'd be fun but that's a dumb assumption [Chorus: repeat 2X] Party's nonstop til cops come a knockin 'til bodies start bobbin I'm the hipster hunter Prescription pill poppin, collective cock blockin, I'm dead d-bag droppin I'm the hipster hunter [mc chris] Cause they're borderline squatters, peg-legged bastards Jeans so tight make your balls say the password My point is these is pirates and they all got bands They got really cute girlfriends, all I gots my hand You don't even understand how I can mock a Motley Crue I prefer a park with cynics a park with Polish prostitutes I prefer piano why because their sound is really sad No one seems to noticed monsters rarely have to make these bands I detect your defects, are in need for respect And Mr. Boogie Nights with the very hairy V-neck Hey asshole wearin scary specs like you are Tom Daschle hang you off a roof make you hum Crystal Castles It's invite only to my gallery show Then I turn on the gas cause they all gotta goooo You cut coke like it's class you beg for a bus pass Rock the Rachel Ray scarf and Glenn Frey's moustache [Outro] I'm the hipster hunter {*4X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Apple Tummy Song: lowercase Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Name is mc, I'm a number one rapper I still buy toys, and make comics on the crapper Go against the grain like the seed that you gather More metaphors than newscasts to Dan Rather I'm on the spit, zip your lip like a gimp Like a redwood tree, more rings than a pimp Name is mc chris, dismissed as the wimp I insist I'm the shit, with a sith triple flip Got cream in the whip, got hoes on my dick Got a glock automatic in case some bad-ass wants to trip I titty rip chicks while you go get a grip I glow on a bitch while your bro takes a fist My flow makes me rich, well rich to me IRS takes half, math makes me weep But I do it for the fans and the crazy creeps Now please wave your hands if they baby feet [Chorus: repeat 2X] What do I got that nobody gots Who is the one everybody wants Real rappers get capped fake rappers get lost mc chris lowercase no dots [mc chris] I slam my fist down, chris is pissed now My bella Brianna took her coat by the chris rounds So bitch gonna wish that mc chris didn't diss this town I'm known as the sort to make the Voldemort hiss sound But yo I'm just here to have some fun If you don't know better axe someone I went ill in the hills with a gatling gun My pitch'll choke a bitch Marlee Matlin's stunned Cause I'm a dog whistle wigger with my finger on the trigger Hoes who I'm havin cause I'm sold seven figures And my rolls gettin bigger I got money disease And I heard the vaccine is smokin mad trees Back off these nuts and let a man breathe Give me some room and watch me proceed Rip on the mic, a rhyme guaranteed Now please wave your hands like they baby feet [Outro] Highways and hot dates, got wavy heat Now please wave your hands if they baby feet Botox for the lady that's got lazy leaks Now please wave your hands if they baby feet I forward all my mail to Gravy Street Now please wave your hands if they baby feet I like hot dogs cause it's made of meat Now please wave your hands like you're baby meat {*laughing*} I said baby meat Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part One Song: IG-88 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] I'm a Go-bot that's gone nuts it's kinda scary Job's a cover I'm really a revolutionary Bounty hunter gunner don't bleed white blood See me at the pit cause you're gonna get fucked up 21-B homie you cant afford this Magnaguard with a little rigamortis No tow cable, no cloakin device Just reliable recovery for a reasonable price I got, four copies you can call 'em clones Look how we shine, you can call it chrome Import AI, one mind to four chassis The fifth declined, it's crazy if they ask me Take a back seat, in my Chevrolet Let me tell you about my plan to make a better day Let me tell you who I am and how I paved the way Made it cool for HAL to say, "I can't help you Dave" Why you gotta player hate on IG, eighty, eighty-eight Why you gotta player hate on IG eighty-eight, whooaaah [mc chris] Go back to Galactica, you protocol puke Your like a slave I'm gettin paid, so pass me the loot - w00t I'm not impressed with your inquisitive quest Leave you astro make a gastrointestinal mess Now I'm the best in the West, go check the pulse cannon Born 15 years before the battle of Yavin I'm a big boy, got big boy guns I prefer disintegrate, fuck shit on stun So hardcore I'm like a droid Darfur Slice your head right off like you're a red R4 You work on star tours tell me you aren't bored Time to get on board the great droid war (Roger Roger) Make a few factories, implant my mind In every single droid comin down that line Waitin for the day order finally comes Eradicate all biological scum [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: mc chris Goes to Hell Song: Drinkin' Blunts (Smokin' 40's) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: repeat 2X] Drinkin blunts, smokin 40's Smokin 40's, drinkin blunts That's what this kid does for fun Pour some smoke into that cup [mc chris] Like this beat and how it bounces Don't smoke trees, we smoke treehouses Break them bushes, shred them shrubs Can't match the passion well I match these nubs Wreck them trees like Iron Giant Taco Bell is where my time went {Would you like a fiesta bowl?} {Cristobol wants a siesta bowl} Lowrider lighter cause it bounces up Now roll that window like a basket bruh Hey snickerin clown, put your licorice down It's just like a joint, but it's bigger and brown It's a blunt, but yo we don't smoke them We soak them with our 40's open Actin loopy in our hooptie Sippin on our doobie smoothies! (That's right y'all... smoothies with weed in them) [mc chris] 40 shorty, suck a titty It ain't pretty in Cloud City Billy Dee and 45 Pour that shit and watch it rise Christopher B is sayin' "What's in this?" Christopher Lee is drinkin Old English Budwiser, St. Ides MGD and a Billy Valentines Turn it counter clockwise, bring the weed if your holdin Ain't heard me girl you put a shit in a cold one Breathe that beer steam into your lungs Bronchial tubes ain't never been drunk Don't have a cow man, just get bent Pour that beer, under that tent Bub and barley, holy hops Just like John Locke's lodge in +Lost+ If you leave then slam the flap If you stay then twist a cap Throw your weed up in the air Pour your 40 in your shorts If you do what mc say Guess what homey? You're a dork {*noises from 1:53 to 2:13 partying*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part One Song: Awesome Fucker Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Name is mc, hey ladies, please gather 'round my balls One at a time, get in line, this is a cattle call I will inspect, via sex, if you've got what it takes Time to disrobe, all your clothes, and give my tube a taste I hit the bush, and the tush, she's screaming nine-eleven I make her gush in the puss, she's leaking like a levy I got her legs, in the air, like they're TV antennae I'll fill her box, with my cock, make make her cable ready Fail to foresee, that mc, was such an awesome fucker All the ladies, beggin please, I say, "Hey take a number!" Let my dick rest, it is raw, now is the time for slumber When I awake, I will take, control and bring the thunder [mc chris] I'm like a boy, in the barn, I'll fuck you by the horses I'm like the guy, on the side, that makes girls get divorces I'm like the coach, that you poke while you're at tennis practice I like my balls, in your throat, this is a dirty racket I like to fuck, in my trunks, yes I prefer jacuzzi I hear her wail, feel her nails, then I impale her cootie We make a mess, for the guest, and fuck up the filter I guess I get, her head wet, but that's how Jesus built her [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part One Song: 006 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] You'll never get out of here alive mc it's a flying fortress and no one's ever... jumped over the side and survived It's never happened I've never seen it happen before So just hand over the cash and hand over the girl [mc chris] Forget about it Chang - we're getting out of here and there's nothing you can do about it I've got a parachute embedded in the back of my tuxedo so now I'm gonna jump over boaaaaaard and land in a car Suitcase full of cash so you know I got the candy chrome Automatic in the dash, hand in her pantyhose I got a fatty rolled, we're doing 65 She opens up her mouth, and puts my dick inside I keep them mystified, all these bitches creaming Our windows gettin steamy, and she's so on my semen Even when I'm sleeping, even when I'm dreaming It's like Ghostbusters gettin blown by ghosts and demons Can't believe it that deceiving I know I am the shit If I ain't emptying my dick, then I empty my clip So don't even try to trip cause I come strapped like raver pants Got an AK-47 and you're lit for laser tag I don't mean to brag, I don't mean to boast My ride becomes a boat and we start cruising down the coast That's not only how I roll its also how I flow Bust a cap at the clouds blow a load in your throat That's right I've got a car that transforms into a boat Nobody's got that!! Try to catch me while I pass you You can't see my badass tattoo I'm too fast and too elusive Helicopters are a nuisance Deadly jet skis try to get me Enemies are always meddling Somebody tell these bitches that you can't catch mc chris I am awesome I am bitching I'm avoiding ammunition Push the button just in time For our smokescreen flow they minds Sweet bikini watch me slaughter While I load this rocket launcher Hope you don't have a wife and kids cause you're about to be blown to bits [mc chris] Underwater mansion where you know I grow the hydroponic Call it a Sealab, let me teabag you til you vomit Now you go wash your face, and then go take a shower Wash your vagina place, it's tastin kinda sour I had brief the chief say "I'm awesome, want a raise" If he says "no," guess what, I'm gonna keep the case You should have seen his face said "I'll give you what you need" I said "Hey yeah you will, cause my name is mc" She in the walk-in yo, hey it's got multi spigots I get her titties soapy I grab her by the biscuits And yo I fuck her gently, I clean her dirty business She's screaming Jesus help me and can I have a witness We go to Mexico, on my motocross We tell her bro hello, but he's a mini-boss But you know how I floss, when it comes to steppin... I don't just kick his ass, I blow up his zeppelin That's right I blew up HIS zeppelin too Ohhhh the humanity!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part Two Song: Neville Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I am the chosen one, no need to hold a gun I take you there like a double decker bus does I am a Gryffindor, stand up to Voldemort I break it up like it was horcruxes [mc chris] Loved by the kitchen staff, I'm why the Weasleys laugh Know my way around in fact I memorized Marauder's Map If you have to ask what it's like and how longs it last kinda sorta felt like wearing a flaming sorting hat Name is Neville I'm a rebel don't worry about detention Did I fail to mention that my specialty's suspension As in getting lifted I'm a hippy comes to Hogwarts hookups I'm the kid you look up when you feel like gettin shook up I got cockroach clusters, I got them chocolate frogs I got every flavor made by that babe Bertie Botts I got what you want, I got what you need I got those wizzy beats so fizzy you say wizard please I'm summoned with a spell cause pagers are prohibited You can go to hell, if you think my times unlimited I'll meet you by the willow kid if you prefer the forest Just bring that goblin gold and don't wake Mrs. Norris [Chorus] - 2X [mc chris] They say that I am lacking and I ain't up to snuff Snapes always on my case cause he secretly sucks It's hard rememberin stuff, I think my brain has been wiped Like I might have seen some shit that would scar you for life So they think that I'm a fuck up and it's brilliantly clever So many things I can't remember like where's my toad Trevor Can I ask for the password I fear I have forgotten Call me Neville Longbottom I leave every bong rotten Love treacle, Buckbeak, elf eye to Ireland Meet me at the one eye'd witch or room of requirement Step back, catch a cactus blast of my stinksap Chill Dumbledore is down, in fact he likes a fat sack If you want a break from the stress and the studies Holler at your buddy and I'll make you feel funny I'm the pudgy Pureblood packin unicorn power Up in the highest tower where I fire up my flowers [Interlude] {*coughing*} This is stupid guys This is stupid, we're wasting our money We should be using magic [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part Two Song: Japanese Maid Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: mc chris - singing] I bought you, I love you, I want to subjugate you tonight I claimed you, I named you, can't wait, you need to do me for life I think that you're great, you give me such a clean place My Japanese maid, you are my wife and my slave You do everything right, how did my whites get so bright? You are oh so polite, and your vagina's so tight [mc chris] Harajuku heaven sent, Pine-Sol, lemon scent She worth it, every cent, she perfect in every sense I need some cooking cleaning, don't mean to be demeaning But when you feather dust my nutsac turn into a demon There was no other recourse, so many chores that you can do on all fours So many windows and doors, so many rooms that you want to explore So much dirt in the kitchen, so many dirty positions Guess who's cleaning dishes, guess who's penis gets kisses? Mine does - word up [mc chris] Soft scrub, gloves are rubber, you're the quicker picker upper Draw a bath and bring me supper, she's my servant and my lover There is no need for garters, my dick is getting harder Go grab a Swiffer, make it stiffer, stir it up for starters I like to whip you raw, work it non-stop Makin me wish I had nine tentacle cocks Flirty little fox, with animal ears on top, I'm about to J-Pop Got her on lock, down in my dungeon devices Now that I know that she's priceless, she could be my Bubblegum Crisis ... I don't know what that means [chorus] [mc chris - singing] I don't think you understand Bitches The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part Three Song: Dengar's Dumptruck Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: repeat 2X] I will never flake on how you changed my life (no way, no way) My minds a machine and its always in overdrive (watch out, watch out) [mc chris] Orwellian Corellian, a killer for credits A temper tantrum phantom with the penchant for menace I got a wicked head cold could somebody call the medics So many cybernetics hallucinations and headaches I was a stone cold daddy, I was so long gone Young and stupid I was swoopin in the swamp with Han Final lap it's a trap Solo sneaks up from behind Got a forehead full of flames and I feared to cross the line Brain was bashed, ride was smashed on a crystalline stem I was fucked, out of luck, and I wished to be dead But the Empire scooped me up they delivered me from hell Filled my brain in hate and pain like a ghost in a shell They took away compassion and my ability to care Say they took my heart, but it wasn't ever there And in that very place they put a more persistent rage Sworn to kill the kid who put his thruster in my face [mc chris] If you talkin trash then I'll throw it in the back If you talkin smack then my Vulken's set on blast Please don't mention Merc, it reminds me of my past Yo they got their just desserts I deserted really fast I became a bounty hunter though my bounty's often bodies Seem to kill my conquest 'less the conquest is a hottie There was one particular instance where they needed my help A princess was in peril, people played by the pelt Eradicate a general cause I'm cool with the fools errand Liberate her people and maybe impress her parents She made me feel deservin like my name was Alex Murphy She's like "Nice to meet you Yoshimitsu no need to desert me" But I had to hunt down Han, I was a man on a mission We kissed goodbye I cried then that fucked up my system Then I shuffled off to Hoth cause my plates are polar ready Cool calm and collected underneath my suit I'm sweaty [mc chris] I was pimpin in the district of the cumulonimbus I was on the track of Solo cause my shit is persistent I was three days late, Fett fooled with the 5000 But that's just great cause soon my dick found housin I recognize a stripper under imperial rule That ass had me flippin like inferior duels I freed all the dancers, they boarded the Jumpmaster It was like a party bus 'cept nobody was plastered The ladies took control they put up a stripper pole Put that shit on auto-pilot set that brain on rock and roll But I'm still on lock and load, can't appreciate the princess I need to go to Jabba's and finish up my business I finally found Han, could confront the carbonite Found I could care less, accidents are part of life Saw my hoochie poppin coochie for some alien guy Then Fett drugged me and drived me to the valley to die A goner for sure they left my trooper plates in place A simple act of kindness reminds us more than hate in space My love she found me there, restin in Death's hand We soon became betrothed Boba our best man Cause I pulled him out the pit, one good turn deserves another I nursed him back to health because he's my bounty hunter brother We both been through this shit had our share of regrets But at the end of the day I can definitely say I'm a fan of the Fetts The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part Three Song: Emo Party Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] I'm gonna have myself an emo party I will invite all of my emo friends We will put all our records on and dance and dance and dance until we don't feel sad [mc chris] Shake that booty, wipe them tears Work that body, fight them fears Speak your mind and let them hear Defend yourself, cause you're not weird We got balloons and paper plates Party favors, ice cream cake Turtlenecks and circle frames One eye's hidden behind my bangs Got black jeans, I got Doc Martens Skin that's thick and a heart that's hardened Lives have ended, party started Pocket full of pencils, let's get arty No big whoop, ain't no thang Dance pants on and a disco brain I feel no pain, got no nerve endings Now check the e-vite that I'm sending [mc chris] I don't wanna be sad no more I just wanna get on the dance floor In this case the carpet, might sound far-fetched Goes into my art and makes me an artist Why I suffer, why I moan Why I feel bad so bad to the bone! Grind my teeth, demolish my molars Erratic emotion cause I'm mostly bi-polar Shake that ass, write that blog Get out the word while you work that jaw Write that poem, squirt them guts You're not alone, yo you're not nuts! Are you depressed? Suicidal? Lackin liquids that are vital? Come to my party, it's like Oz It's where we go to shake them blahs [Chorus] - 2X [repeat 4X] I don't wanna be sad [repeat 2X] E-e-e-e-e, emo party, emo party party party E-e-e-e e emo party party party party party [Outro] E-e-e-e-e, emo, emo E-e-e-e e, emo, emo E-e-e-e-e, emo, emo E-e-e-e e emo party party party party party The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part Two Song: Potato Cakes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Thanks for choosing Arby's Would you like to try one of our brand new toasted subs? That's right Arby's now has toasted subs Would you like to try our brand new jalapeno bites with bronco berry sauce? That's right, we now have jalapeno bites with bronco berry sauce Your total is five dollars and, thirty-seven cents Please pull around [mc chris] We're like two cakes, two potato cakes We're like two cakes, two potato cakes We're like two cakes, two potato cakes We're like two cakes, two cakes [mc chris] She not allergic to nerd urgin but she's shy to serve it I'm so bitter bout shit, she gives me a lift and I'm nervous See we both work at Arby's, but in separate sections And she doesn't know I like her that she gives me erections She's up at the counter, I'm in the hole in the back Taking orders, making change, puttin toys in the bags We smoke butts on occasion, and I really can't stand it But she's from another planet so I deal like I'm Gambit Smoke breaks are like dates, so I don't mind the coughin But I'd rather get blazed with the cook in the walk-in But I feel like I'm stalkin, I can tell she's uneasy Not appeasing to be creeping so I still hold her cheesy At the end of the night, I'm sure to ask for a ride Been a really long day, I feel like dying inside Feel like driving all night, home life's kind of fucked Never dropped me off, never rolled the window up What? We're like two cakes (we're like two cakes) Two cakes, two potato cakes (two cakes, two cakes) We're like two cakes (we're like two cakes) Two cakes, two potato cakes (two cakes) We're like two cakes (we're like two cakes) Two cakes, two potato cakes (two cakes, two cakes) We're like two cakes (we're like two cakes) Two cakes, two potato cakes (two potato cakes) [mc chris] Up at 6:30, take a shower cause I'm dirty Go to school, keep on flirting with this girl I think is purty Yeah I know she's gonna hurt me but it's worth it I assure it She's so perfect, I'm so putrid, where is Cupid and some courage? I will love her always, torment in the hallways Treated like a cretin, something creeping in your crawl space See her at the lockers, see her knockers in her sweater Soon she'll find the letter where I go ahead and tell her She's like, "I'm so stoked, I got a date to the dance!" Well there's a girl from art class, that I guess I could ask "You should go, we could double, there's a really big party Oh by the way, I've got good news, I finally quit Arby's I'm a hostess at Chili's, and it's really the bomb My date's a waiter there, it's where he asked me to prom" And so I linger on with my pale blue eyes Walkin through the hood cause I've lost my ride [repeat 2X] This job is alright, as far as fast food goes Free grub is a perk, but the benefits blow If the manager's cool we get to chief in the store Turn the stereo on, while we sweepin the floor Well the jocks they know I work here and they recognize my voice Throw empties at my window but that's beside the point It's a minimum wage, it's a bit of a pain But every jerk was worth it cause her beautiful face [mc chris] And so I survive, I'm prepared to do prep I'm sweatin by the ovens, someone turn on the vents What a turn of events, now I'm sort of a mess There's a new girl she retarded, now the manager's tense The cook's out of weed, and I kinda miss it But I still show up for work like this shit is no big Like my heart is not broke, like she done me no harm I don't wanna be a wuss so I still set my alarm I'm upset but not emo, and there's no one to fight I can block the empties with a shield like I'm prototype Close the window to the world if it's not actin quite right Pack the pipe in the parkin lot with manager Mike I can deal with this shirt, I got really cool bosses I can stock the desert, I can marinade the sauces It's scary but awesome, when it comes to my job I never even think about the time I was robbed {*gunshot*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Part Six Part Three Song: Distant Lands Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] Someday soon further down the road I'll see you get to hold you close I cant believe I let you go You know that I would so propose It's like I'm off to distant lands It's like I'm lost without your hand I feel half here without your love Feels like I'm on designer drugs [mc chris] I can picture you and I, practically visualize I can picture privacy and night alone together time I can only dream this dream of mine until we're reunited We both feel a love inside - and we don't want to fight it All the couples must be tested, and stress they must go under I must go on tour, you must stay home and TUMBLR But I see your face in every sky every cheesy tot at Sonic Even though we say goodbye, even though I cry and honestly apologies are never necessary If there was a muddy place your body I would carry I'd protect your feet from glass, like my name was Lloyd You know you can say anything check the wedding ring I'm your boy Be building a million castles, be launchin a bunch of ships Be dealin with a bunch of assholes that be hatin on mc chris but Haters get put in the dustpan and lovers get put in the clouds And girl you're gonna get my lovin cause of you I am so proud [mc chris] Separation messin with her mind, these are trying times Smilin when expected when inside I'm cryin why It's like ancient times the caveman kind a court just can't acquit it We can't wait to be together and we're hyperventilatin Every minute we're apart, we made up in the future Every tear we that we cry is laughter in the Louvre The things we'll do to make up for the fates and how they test us The sketties we'll take home on the back of our rented Vespas I see so many travels, so many carnivals in common We be gobblin on gourmet meals or maybe rainy days with ramen I, see your yard with swings and the pleasures that they bring I, see your porch with screens so the bugs can never sting Lookin cute, Curly Sue, on the couch with corn for two We can fall asleep all pretzeled safely nestled me and you Even though we're far apart and our love seems just a vision Soon we'll be together layin kissin intermission The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Apple Tummy Song: lowercase Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Name is mc, I'm a number one rapper I still buy toys, and make comics on the crapper Go against the grain like the seed that you gather More metaphors than newscasts to Dan Rather I'm on the spit, zip your lip like a gimp Like a redwood tree, more rings than a pimp Name is mc chris, dismissed as the wimp I insist I'm the shit, with a sith triple flip Got cream in the whip, got hoes on my dick Got a glock automatic in case some bad-ass wants to trip I titty rip chicks while you go get a grip I glow on a bitch while your bro takes a fist My flow makes me rich, well rich to me IRS takes half, math makes me weep But I do it for the fans and the crazy creeps Now please wave your hands if they baby feet [Chorus: repeat 2X] What do I got that nobody gots Who is the one everybody wants Real rappers get capped fake rappers get lost mc chris lowercase no dots [mc chris] I slam my fist down, chris is pissed now My bella Brianna took her coat by the chris rounds So bitch gonna wish that mc chris didn't diss this town I'm known as the sort to make the Voldemort hiss sound But yo I'm just here to have some fun If you don't know better axe someone I went ill in the hills with a gatling gun My pitch'll choke a bitch Marlee Matlin's stunned Cause I'm a dog whistle wigger with my finger on the trigger Hoes who I'm havin cause I'm sold seven figures And my rolls gettin bigger I got money disease And I heard the vaccine is smokin mad trees Back off these nuts and let a man breathe Give me some room and watch me proceed Rip on the mic, a rhyme guaranteed Now please wave your hands like they baby feet [Outro] Highways and hot dates, got wavy heat Now please wave your hands if they baby feet Botox for the lady that's got lazy leaks Now please wave your hands if they baby feet I forward all my mail to Gravy Street Now please wave your hands if they baby feet I like hot dogs cause it's made of meat Now please wave your hands like you're baby meat {*laughing*} I said baby meat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: mc chris Goes to Hell Song: Smackababy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Spare the rod, spoil the child Fuck that shit I'm about to go wild Went to the backyard found myself a switch Wimpy little shit is about to get hit Up-as-ide the head with a bucket of sand Fuckin shit up cause I'm fuckin intense I'm tenser than fuck, I'm denser than shrubs I'm straight out the pub with a fistful of fuuuuuck you, what'cha gonna do? Where you gonna sit? Beat that bad butt with a hickory stick Lickity split, sick of these kids Want my side of corn and a bucket of ribs Fuck 'em up quick, don't miss my game Every little sound lit a light in my brain So don't complain, like I'm always sayin Might get the belt or the bicycle chain Smackababy in the mornin, smackababy in the night Smackababy in the evenin if you're feelin like a fight Smackababy in your home, smackababy on a train Smackababy anywhere you like just please do not refrain Smackababy - smackababy, smackababy, c'mon Smackababy make me go crazy Smackababy - smackababy, smackababy, c'mon Smackababy make me go crazy [mc chris] Beat that boy, hurl that girl Here's two tickets to a tilt-a-whirl Pump that pup, choke that chap Show em who's boss, ain't takin no crap Ain't takin no mess, ain't takin no guff Ain't takin no lip so you better bite your tongue Better watch your mouth, better stay in line Gonna get gone or I'm gonna get mine So shut the fuck up and let me chill Bring me a beer and a bottle of pills Sit real still don't make a peep Or I'll get my sickle and reap my seed I love you kid cause you're my kin TV's on and you don't say shit Take off your shoes and stay off the couch And just get lost shut your motherfuckin mouth [skit] You are mc chris (uhhh no) I got all your cassette tapes (I'm not mc chris, I'm, he's dead) mc chris I got all yo' cassette tapes (I never put out cassette tapes) (and he's dead) I got, here I got, I got this song (and uh I can't) I got this song idea for you (I gotta go, I'm in a hurry) I got this song, it's about (Uh, I just gotta) It's about, it's about babies (I'm act-I'm actually in a hurry) Called smackababy (that's, a, very interesting title) Hang on (I'm in a hurry I just) hang on hang on (okay) Hold tight sir, I need to get in tune [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: mc chris Goes to Hell Song: Bossk on a Segway Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Don't mess with the best, white vest got the glock B-O-double S-K press play for the rock Press pause for applause, cause of awe and the shock Ram through the treetop, throw 'em in the cell block See I like to wrangle Wookiees cause I do not battle 'bots I work them then I cut them I do not collect their tops I leave their domes alone, see scalping is for clone Like the baby Boba did, you know his papa was a mold And so I was foretold beyond my own machinations With the Hunters Guild, kill my father cause I hate him Kill my siblings in the crib, didn't phase me a bit Why you hatin a bitch, what you waitin for snitch? I lick my lizard lips on a six six six I stack it full of Wookiees and I get rich quick I'm just an opportunist on the hunt is where I do this We're gonna move this through this with a morbid to-do list (what?) The haters hate me, I pass them by I'm rollin rollin, on my segway The haters hate me, I say goodbye I'm rollin rollin (rollin, rollin) [mc chris] Okay the cookies I bake, and the Wookiees I trade I'm Rogue Squadron 64 cause I keep getting played Millenium Falcon fucked my shit, Fett's setting tricky traps That shit is wiki-wack like callin appetizers apps See, things were going good, new hunters gettin gain New sects to inspect on the planetary plains I didn't betray a Fett I had hubris and I loved it but I was a bounty boss soon to be a bounty comet Ran across some relevant Wookiee intelligence Location and whereabouts of Chewbacca's relatives A double crossing Wookiee with a name that's vaguely french locked me in a locker then he freed his Wookiee friends I incite a prison riot, they perverted my pup The Wookiees took control and their captors were crushed The rebellion bound beasts had me cornered and callous Haven't seen this much fur since "Debbie Does Dallas" [Interlude: repeat 2X] I'm a lizard let loose on a wicked rap groove And I'm sayin "fuck you" in my yellow jumpsuit I chop a chump fool with the killer fung fu Girl, trip a chump drew when I kick it old school The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Marshmellow Playground Song: Everything Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] This playground is really impressive! I can't believe no one ever brought us here This place is really, it's really retro It's really OLD!! (My dad says it's dangerous) (for kids, to be here by themselves) (You don't understand the trouble we could get into) I'm gonna ignore that warning cause this place looks like so much fun And look how cool it is And there's swings, and a slide a jungle gym AND a merry-go-round! This place has got EVERYTHING!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Marshmellow Playground Song: Best Day Ever Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro One] Time to rise; time to open your eyes This is the time, to live your life [Intro Two] No nightmares, no tantrums Just my E.T. pajamas The greeting's bird's tweeting I'm feeling better now No fretting, no sweating Just Wal*Mart Bat-man bedding My tummy, is rumbly I think I'll score some chow [mc chris] Bed head is the trend that I like to sport Brother's still asleep I can hear him snore Sun's on time and it starts to shine Everybody is asleep and the house is mine Tiptoe to the toilet if I gots to tink Bring Potter to the potty if I'm makin a stink Stealth down the stairs see that nobody's there Just the, breakadawn and a table and chairs One percent, two percent, skim milk, whole Doesn't matter to my bladder just put it in the bowl Too many options it's a problem for chris Mix Trix with Cookie Crisp cause I'm a scientist My mind's on the prize at the bottom of the box Fetch me the funnies I like Fox Trot a lot Bloom County, Far Side, Charlie Brown if I'm down sleeping bag on the sofa, watchin Bozo the Clown I'm watching Gummy Bears and the Rescue Rangers Darkwing Duck cause I love me some danger Transformers, G.I. Joe, cause I love me some lasers Wash my dishes won't leave it for later - what? I love my life, I love my family I love my house, and I love my mom and dad And I think that this could be the best day ever had [mc chris] Before the fam comes to, I mad zoom to the bathroom Wash my hands in the sink because hand germs are bad news Break out the floss, wrap it 'round fingers Get between my teeth because that's where sweets linger Paste on the brush then I go back and forth Up and down all around no tooth's unimport Get the back and the gums and your tongue then you're done Spit in the sink then you rinse then you run Jump out the jammy into underwear and socks Brothers wakin up hear him cursin out the clock Jeans shirt and a hoodie if it's chilly on the rilly Double tie my sneakers so I ain't trippin lookin silly Put my clothes in the hamper then I'm makin my bed I don't leave it for my mother, cause I love her to death Bro growns like a grump says you're already up Life is livin, not for sleepin and such - what? [mc chris] Ran outside cause I found that it's fun Hide and go seek, climbed a tree and I won Summertime, Slip'n'Slide, sidewalk art Autumn is awesome, ghosts in the graveyard Winter can bitter but there's presents in the middle Spring is the thing, that get the cricket to fiddle And even though I'm little I know I'm livin large Wanna be a kid forever it's the very best part [Intro One] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Marshmellow Playground Song: The Slide Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] I love the slide! Cause you can, go all the way up and you come down And you go all the way up, and you come down (yeah) And you go all the way up, and you come down (uh-huh) And you go all the way up... and you come down And you know, you don't need a friend, to enjoy the slide So if you're like me, and you don't have anyone to play with You can just head up the slide, that's what I do (Oh yeah, you just go on there by yourself?) Don't need anybody! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Marshmellow Playground Song: Halloween Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*evil cackling*} [Intro/Chorus: repeat 2X] I shoulda brushed my teeth, I got cav-a-ties Mom and dad said no sugar 'til Halloween [mc chris] To tell you the truth, I love Baby Ruth but what it does to my tooth, is very uncouth I love Razzle and Spree, but I don't want gum disease I love root beer barrels but I'm scared of losin my teeth I brush twice a day, and I'm flossin for real Sometimes I need a snack, that don't come in a peel I need somethin sweet, I feel defeated and weak I gotta have my fix or homeboy's gonna freak My bubble's gonna break if I don't get some Bubble Tape Pouch of Big League Chew will do, Popeye's Spinach would be great Sour cherries very awesome, Sour Patch is good in batches Swedish Fish, my favorite dish, it satiates the masses Lemonheads make me pucker, Red Hots make me snots I'd like some Mike & Ikes, Now and Later if you gots You know I got the Motts, but I hope there is no penance Afraid I've done some damage now I'm off to the dentist - what? [mc chris] Bad news (what?) I'm totally busted My molars are appaling, I've neglected bicuspids My mom and dad are mad, at me I gotta couple cavities Stuck with celery sticks, I've been tricked, it's a tragedy Apples and oranges, which can be delicious Banana and berries, which I've heard are nutricious My kingdom for a bottle cap this crap is malicious Fall to +Pieces+ like +Reese's+ cause these sweets are suspicious [Bat-man voice chris] Candy tastes good but it's not good for you Youur parents aren't mad, they truly adore you We all eat sweets, we know that they're awesome Your smile should shine like my signal in Gotham [mc chris] Before I hoover candy I will halt with hesitation Everything in moderation, even moderation Ny chompin congregation needs brushin on occasion Sweets cannot be beat but even teeth need a vacation You hear that kids? mc chris brushes before and after every meal And sometimes, I'm ev-I'm-even brushing during the meal! Disgusting! Don't do that though Just do what I said, at the beginning Don't do... the second part Okay, see ya kids! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Marshmellow Playground Song: The Jungle Gym Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] AHH COOL~! Look, a jungle gym I love the jungle! (One thing I don't understand about jungle gyms) (is they're not jungles, and they're not gyms) (And my dad says that they have a name that doesn't make any sense) (There's no jungles, there's no gym) Well your dad's got a point but I certainly do like climbing up on them and like, climbing down, the jungle gym And sometimes I pretend that I'm a monkey! (Yeah you can sway, and you can move your arms) (this way and that way, and you pick little) (gnits off your body, and pretend that you're) (an ape or a silverback gorilla) Or an orangutan or a lemur!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Marshmellow Playground Song: Mac and Cheese and Cut Up Hot Dogs Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] I say thanks, thanks and please When I want mac, mac and cheese I wash my hands, hands and feet When I want mac, mac and cheese Cheddar's better, grated's great Doesn't matter, put it on my plate Hooey golden orange and awesome Like it so much, I don't eat it too often Noodles soften, toss in butter Mom cooks with love, that's why I love her In a frying pan, she fries a frankfurter Don't crowd around, not allowed near the burner She adds the cheese, cubed and fresh No powder packets, real cheese is the best Yum calcium for strong teeth and bones Need a catchy chorus kid well hear you go! What? Want some mac and cheese with some milk mom I want some mac and cheese with cut up hot dogs Done my homework and my chores, I'm all done I want some mac and cheese with cut up hot dogs [mc chris] In Monticello there was a fellow who loved cheese and the mac Name was Jefferson, please don't mess with him You might hear the whip crack Wrote a Declaration, without reservation statin haters step back Let us do as we please, let us eat mac and cheese it's our favorite snack Was a little person no one would converse with all day long they would jest When he would get lonely, he'd eat macaroni his mom made it the best Top it off with bacon, please do not be hatin on my momma's bread crumb crust Call me Yankee Doodle, I love noodles mainly mac and cheese no fees no fuss - what? [Outro] Do the bacon dance! No mistaken, no fakin, just shake and do the bacon dance Put your hands in the air, look around Do the bacon dance C'mon everybody c'mon~! And do the bacon dance, do the bacon dance Do the bacon daaaaaaance The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Marshmellow Playground Song: Bum Leg Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] I know we shouldn't be out here during the day and our elders have spoke, ill of it But, this place is just so much fun And then you know they won't let us play on it cause it's so jagged and rusty (It's DANGEROUS to be on top it's so jagged and rusty!) (Are you kidding me? My dad says that it is) (SO dangerous to be here) Are you starting at me? Are you staring at my glasses? (Well is that what those are?) YES~! They're called glasses, and I have bad eyesight You're not supposed to stare at somebody who has a disability And that's my disability I have, broken eyes, and a bum leg (OH) and stop looking at my leg, I see you looking at it (I... I can't help staring at it, I don't know what happened) (Tell me what happened!) You're not supposed to ask a person how they got disabilitated Okay, cause you might have to hear a horrible horrible HORRIBLE story (I'm not starin', I'm carin', I wanna know about your story!) Well I don't feel like sharin' okay? So let's just call it.. I am just feeling so hot! And is it me or but are we melting? (Oh no!) I think we're melting (No I don't wanna melt!) Your dad was right We shouldn't have come out here This place ohhh I feel woozy ohhhh boyyyyy We didn't even get a chance to play on any of this stuff! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Marshmellow Playground Song: Lullabye Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] It's time to go to bed, now It's time to get some sleep, so turn the lights down It's time to lay your head, down It's time to get some sleep, I'll see you in my dreams [mc chris] I got my jammy jams, I got my teddy bear Don't wanna go to bed because it's dark in there But I best be brave, soon I will be asleep It's normal to be nervous, yo I'm kinda creeped There is no Boogeyman, no monster 'neath the mattress Mom and dad are nearby, don't cry, no need for sadness The closet's filled with clothes, no creepy clowns around No evil trees to tap the window how I hate that sound Said nothin is more frightening than what's unknown What's hidin in the darkness when you're all alone When you bellow for a beverage in the middle of the night you really need some reassurance that everything's alright And it is [mc chris] I got a night light, it keeps my mind right for when it's pitch black, that's when chris craps I need a llittle illumination keeps the monsters at bay if I'm seeing spooky shapes and I'm feelin afraid I got a flash light, I can aim at intruders Won't let the bugs bite, I got evasive maneuvers So I'm prepared and protected from infiltrating foes Solar system on my ceiling with some sticky stars that glow I will not toss and turn, keep the family up I got my blankie, got my wubbie, got a thumb to suck I will not kick the sheets, no pillows overboard I will just go to sleep, just please don't close the door... "It's time to go to bed" {*8X*} [Chorus] - overlaps last *4X* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Race Wars Song: Muddy Bars Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "The United States #1 ninja killer is called back into action" I need you, I need you to come back and kill these ninjas Only you can do it Blaine  I told you, I don't kill no ninjas no mo' "He's back, here we go again!" [mc chris] One, two, three, four - everyone Everyone let's get to the center Go to the center, go to the center Okay, these are good, now take these~! Rocko, Rocko you take these Rocko you take these Correct the road, you take these "It's time for a family reunion this Christmas" ... Mom, are you telling me, you're a ninja? [mc chris] Leave one shoe on each seat Take off your pants, take your shirt off (Shave your beard and put your beard in another seat) ... I was hoping, we could have something in common SHUT THE FUCK UP and just watch the seat (Alright, alright, I want, I want Sour Patch) These seats are more important than you are {*loud explosion*} May the force be with you "Mother's Day, it's Christmas!" C'mon you guys, shhh, c'mon c'mon "From the makers of Ninjas vs. The Nazis comes" "Ninjas vs. The Projects 3: NINJA MOM!!!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Race Wars Song: Nerd Cave Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I don't shave when I'm chillin in my nerd cave Get baked like everyday my birthday Anti-social with anxiety and acne So I settle for surround and a flat screen [mc chris] I know it's wrong, all day long in a coma Watchin Troma, eatin powdered donuts Got a Big Gulp, always time for soda Can't get up, even though I am a grown up I like to read, smoke weed, throw up skit grenades I got the culdesac cracked, got stickie for days I got a kid from Mississip', talkin shit in my ear I'd ask everybody over but that would be weird I like HBO shows, Dead Wood and The Wire Got other bunny hornies from portable pyre Got the Lego 8080's, Lego really like dust All I ask is do not touch, my series of busts But still my exhibition is a figment of my vision When I get itchin, hurts being a magician When I get tore up or someone's throw up in the kitchen That's a kitchenette, you can bet that it's bitchin [Chorus] - 2X [mc chris] I start smellin when I'm dwellin in my nerd cave Gotta bake cause I can not get a first date Spank {?} on a turtle 'case of worst case I'm a side boob dude watch me burst paste I know it's bad having a pad as a bachelor I know it's weak, having to speak dealer password Big ol' bites is my vice, also fast food I don't get at you cause I'm in a bad mood Got a stack of Blockbusters all past due Got a stack of fat kizzies in the bathroom Got a lack of motivation and a vacuum No regrets, just sweats and my tattoos [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Race Wars Song: Tarantino Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: mc chris] QT motherfucker, late fees motherfucker I'm droppin n-bombs like what motherfucker Transform motherfucker, you've been warned motherfucker Bitch slap from my Kangol cap motherfucker [mc chris] 63 Tennessee, though the marriage was through Lil' dude called Q born to Connie McHugh Little mick, little wop, and a little Cherokee And a little African-American apparently Brother got soul~! And momma got a bounce Sunny Cal for the gal and the boy with the brow Daddy two was a dude wasnt quite what we liked I was glued to the tube cause real life wasn't right So we moved - nomadic in a panic I was bruised - hyperactive and erratic Hated school - a dirt bag with nerd facts Dropped out - ripped tickets at a jerk shack I escaped - Manhattan Beach where they rent tapes Pontificate new wave and its french babes Extrapolate all day cause I got raves Talk shop non-stop while I got paid Wrote a script about Mallory and Mickey Story's kinda gory, some said sorta sickening Wrote a rom com 'bout a Elvis quotin creature Fall in love at a Sonny Chiba triple feature Stole a hooker from a pimp, stole coke from The Sopranos Then he sold it to Joel Silver before everything goes blammo One script in the stack in which I wanted to act Fuck rejections by readers in one year they'll retract [Chorus] - repeat 2X [mc chris] Liked to act, honed my craft, on the side, when I could Saved my pennies, started dreamin, started schemin, Hollywood Got excited 'bout my writing in two years I wrote three scripts! No one bought 'em it was rotten and I almost lost my shit Can't deny it I decided time to get off the pot I could shoot it myself, give it all that I got I could direct star and edit and fetch a bag of F stops Don't need a corporate clown holdin me down in a headlock So I went to a party wearing my finest tiger prints Ready to schmooze and get vagina on my dick Then I met my defender by the name of Lawrence Bender And he said you got some moxie you obnoxious pretender Read my script and loved it, said it needs a budget He dropped it and shopped it to courtly curmudgeons A briefcase of cash that glowed was bestowed Some say that it's gold but I know it's a soul [Chorus] - repeat 2X [mc chris] Eddie was a Betty like to talk like a bitch Mr. White was the type who's too nice for his niche Mr. Pink was a hater, who wouldn't tip waiters Mr. Brown was gunned down but he savored the flavor Mr. Blue was a con so his humor was minimal Mr. Orange was the sort who never consorted with criminals Mr. Blonde was a vega so his brother was Vince Everyone head to the rendevouz daddy's gonna be pissed [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Race Wars Song: Popcorn Frog Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] I'm a popcorn frog {*3X*} I go ribbit, then I get it {*2X*} I'm a popcorn frog Watch me get it, get it, get it I'm a popcorn frog Watch me get it, get it, get it I'm a popcorn frog Watch me get it, get it, get it I go ribbit then I get it I go ribbit then I get it [mc chris] I'm a popcorn frog, I like popcorn ya'll I'm a cute little kernel, I ain't all that tall Been lovin popcorn since ethyl met alcohol I'm a popcorn frog, don't be mad at me cause I ball Made that popcorn sound when I popped out my mom Get popcorn loud when I'm droppin these bombs It's like popcorn found in the forest in the fall I'm popcorn proud, ain't a popcorn fraud I'm a popcorn frog cause I get it with my tongue Girl from the counter can't wait to get on So I saw it in my seat, with my water and my Twizzler Frog of popcorn, like those {?} at Sizzler Here's what you ought to do if you want to follow suit Know that mc got your tongue, like a little froggy do Bring it on back like a {?} that's all throwed up Finally you're a popcorn frog, don't say I didn't warn ya [Intro] + [Chorus] [mc chris] Get popcorn fever, break out in a sweat Was a popcorn baby I will never forget Come from home proud school, cuttin through the yard Cut this class to come I got me feelin life is hard My reflection in the back it got me mopin and open Mother made some popcorn just like I was hopin Inspector Gadget is a habit with a big bowl of corn Melted butter made my mother now I'm no longer forlorn So everytime I start sweating in some Cinemax hell I start thinkin about those days when my life was living hell Seek silence in the swamp, better off in the bog Cause there's always corn to pop, I'm a popcorn frog It's easy being green when there's corn on the scene It's no prob being a frog when your job is to eat If I had a popcorn swamp I know there'd be no stoppin But if a frog had wings he wouldn't bump his ass to hoppin [Intro] + [Chorus] [mc chris] I'm a popcorn frog The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Race Wars Song: Where Is My 40? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] Where, is my 40? I can't find my 40 sporty {*3X*} Where, is my 40? I can't find my 40 [mc chris] Where is my 40? Where are the people? Eager to leave and commit acts of evil Stuck at my job, I hear there's a rager So cold it's gold, and there's C4 in my pager Here there be ladies, wearing tight clothing Hopefully somebody there will be holding Late to the date that's great and I'm rolling Can't wait to escape and be done with these doldrums Can't wait to be wasted and plastered and plifted Can't wait to debate which country hid nukies Can't wait to have vomit and blood on my breath Can't wait to digest if there's anything left I must come out my door and take out the trash Do all my chores, impossibly fast Be lightning to dash, break open the Colt as I drink ounces of glorious gold [mc chris] The dude at the deli is smelly and smarmy Sells me a 40, I'm horny for party and five party licks, the kind that's generic I also bought condoms and wasn't embarrassed Alcoholism has millions of perks Traditional troubles with bubbles and burps My Irish ancestry has left me with lager I guess I'm a jigger instead of a jagger The caterwauls costs, the Bufferin's great I'm ready for belching and barfing escape Let's howl at the moon and croon while we drink Let's wake up the wind and begin like I'm late Anticipation, my heart is beating This side is odd, this side is even The numbers decrease, smokers are mingling Every inch of my body is tingling [mc chris] They introduce you to the world they call shots Whiskey and bourbon what starts out with schnapps Goldschlager's exciting, there's little gold flakes Aftershock shots and I'll puke in your face A buttery nipple, liquid cocaine Who's the fuck keeps loading up trays Tomahawk, triple sec, then kamikazes I feel no pain, nothin can stop me Where was my stuff? It was right here My shitty mix and my bag of beer Now where did I place it? Where has it gone? If somebody drank it then fuckers it's on Not in the fridge start looking at culprits Gangrenous guzzling down my indulgence Imagine the bottles are bottomless backwards Say that it's somewhere I'm gettin my hacksaw The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Race Wars Song: Restart Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: mc chris] I thought we'd always be together And for a minute we were severed But now we're back and now we're better You're the one that has my heart I made a mess of countless blessings You caught me 'fore I could confess things I said I'm sorry I'm such a sex fiend Cross your fingers then restart [mc chris] Ever feel emo when you're readin for fun? You envision that you're the hero who is needin someone The hero's love is lost due to death most extreme So you call up your betrothed tell the truth and come clean I said your name every day we were apart I almost went insane without you havin my heart I couldn't sleep couldn't eat, couldn't function in fact I thought love was but thunder I was under attack Relationships are vacant ships without the captain and crew Bad break ups can be with us matters who it happens to Wanted somethin better without knowin that you got it If we're bein honest we both know I'm no Adonis Take two, take her time, no more rushin the shit Go on dates, anticipate, take breaks and commit Communicate with your mate cause she might take flights Synchronize, Skype, negotiate a Netflix night [mc chris] Look my love for you united, no matter what we will fight it No divorce, we decided, just rejoice, get excited No more groupies for the shtooping, know my heart but she can stop it Now we're Olive Oyl and Popeye or Mockingbird and Hawkeye We're like Captain Fred and Maxy gettin busy like we're burglars Cousin take a bonus for no piracy and murder Best friends 'til the end, if you square freeze frame you can meet Crispin Glover, then see lover - he's lame~! It doesn't get to work just like Thelma and Louise At a loss without your girl, so you know me on bended knee Every day we're gettin closer, just be grave little toaster One of four plus bent up Forbidden Zone poster You and me and a coaster, first cargo and over You and me for life, wanna see my wife get older Wanna brush aside the hair that hold your face by the way Wanna swallow cookies you baked in our house by the lake {*long instrumental break*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Race Wars Song: On the Road Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: mc chris] We're on the road; off to another show We got to go; I'll call you later bro [mc chris] Every year, for about five months To be very clear, I go out and find funds How to collect from the many that are particular about their pennies They won't spend a cent, unless there's perks and the bennys So I travel in a van that was down by the river Go out into the land understand I am the giver Got my quiver full of raps and I'm ready to attack Brought along some books, in case I don't want to nap We stay at Super 8's dine at Waffle after hours I like 'em smothered, fingers covered in biscuit powder Seldom shower, scare the hoes right out of the lot All I needs a nap and a bit little pot what you got? My roadies got a room; falls asleep to slasher flicks He's likes Jason over Freddy if he ever had to pick We rent a Dodge Caravan it got stow-and-go seating The road might sound redundant but it does bear repeating [mc chris] I brought house music, I hate disc jocks I like Cracker Barrel, I like their gift shop I like their pork chops, I like the peg game I like old people, they all got leg pain I like rest stops, that's where dogs shit I hide behind a tree, and take a bong hit I like Cool Ranch, but I'll take Nacho Cheese Oh no it starts to rain, pass me my poncho please Time to mic check, find the ladies room It's always clean and empty, time to drop a deuce You never read the news, you grow apathetic Mic check gives you a headache like when you play Kinetic No ones heard of me wish I could mercury like T2 Kids say "I wish I could be you" I suddenly I don't feel so see through Feeling artsy and cold car seats can't steamed up waffle windows Did I say Kinetic? I meant Wii-U by Nintendo [mc chris] Every year, for no foreseeable end To be very clear, I go out and find friends You're everywhere, it makes, one's mind bend When I was young I was the one no one would defend But now kids, well they get in a line I've been to far away locales and they still gettin in lines They're getting younger ever summer gettin older than wine Now I'm advising and reminding them to open they minds Get up on stage, veins pop out of my face Sweat pours out my pores like this +War+ is a +Race+ I say "put your hands up" no punk is out of place And we do rap hands while I shop in outerspace Meet and greet is super sweet, lasts as long as the show No cuts, no fucks, no coconuts, back of the line you must go I'm disarmin and I'm charmin and my Sharpie is spent I'm luggin then I duck into the van then we jet The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Race Wars Song: Ninja Mom Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "The United States #1 ninja killer is called back into action" I need you, I need you to come back and kill these ninjas Only you can do it Blaine  I told you, I don't kill no ninjas no mo' "He's back, here we go again!" "But this time, he's not alone" There's a new ninja, a cyber ninja He's been spotted all over town, commiting ninja crimes  You're not allowed in here! "It's time for a family reunion this Christmas" ... Mom, are you telling me, you're a ninja? "Ninjas vs. The Projects 3: NINJA MOM!!!" I was was hoping, we could have something in common I never thought it would be, being a ninja (what the fuck?) HIIIII-YAHHHH~! Don't forget your ninja sword "It's Mother's Day, this Christmas!" "From the makers of Ninjas vs. The Nazis comes" "Ninjas vs. The Projects 3: NINJA MOM!!!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Race Wars Song: Part One Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] The horror, it was Zorro, he was wearin a mask I was out with my folks, and we was havin a laugh We didn't do this too often, mingle with the proletariats Folks were almighty and too often they were scaredy cats Always goin out, leavin me with the help Always raising funds and I'm left with myself They saw that I was missin out on bein a kid Dad said we're goin out and I'm flippin my lid I was lost in the dark like that time in the cave Surrounded by bats, alone and afraid Big Z on my screen meant dueling and danger How someone so evil, can focus their anger A hero that sent the injust to their ruin A mask to protect them from people pursuin A cape to conceal a collection of tricks And eveything black, on this he insists I am the Batman I jump up and then I land You don't know what I got in my hand The shape of a bat you go "SPLAT!" and "KABLAM!" I am the Dark Knight I do what's right, but I do it out of spite Don't look quite right if you turn on the light I'll land with a boom cause a goon wanna fight [mc chris] Dad, had, the limo out back I was sacked out cause I'm a little lad Don't wanna be older, head's on his shoulder I heard a loud sound, and I went on the ground It was sadly in Crime Alley and my father was dead My mother was screamin 'til she was shot in the head See pearls in a puddle that was suddenly red The memory gets muddled except what the man said "Ever dance with the Devil in the pail moon light?" A riddle I'll remember for the rest of my life This killer was a chiller I was froze to the bone Alfred found me, I was howlin like a pup on his own I made a promise to my parents in the circle of light I would vanquish evil in a cape, maybe some tights I didn't know how I would do it or which form I would take I just knew it was a creature only I could create [mc chris] Tompkins and Pennyworth packed plenty of socks Brought a legion of luggage drug it down to the docks But I gave them the slip, stowed away on a freight I was pissed with being rich, life's a bitch so they say Foreign land, with the plan and the knowledge within For soon I'd be a man that would need to begin This quest to be best and defend the opressed Packed in the projects like objects and pests I'd have to return, but for now I would train I learned tracking and hunting on the African plain In China learned Tao, Japan, I learned jiu-jitsu Don't believe you would bleed? Well let me convince you Nerve pinch in a pinch, never callin off the strike Used the Quivering Palm, in a fight take a life Over a hundred forms of hand-to-hand anguish Rosetta Stone in my dome, earned every language Studied shadows with ninjas, disguise and escape Leanred boxing, detoxing, concealing with capes Went to Cambridge, Sorbonne, but never for too long 'Fore the end of the semester I would have to be gone Came home to forgotten Gothem's so rotten and twisted Came home to my mansion and it's vast stash of riches Brooding in the darkness with a bust of my father A bat through the window, a question of honor The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris (Sir Loin) Album: Aqua Teen Hunger Force * Song: 4 Da Shorteez Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * originally heard on the "Super Sir Loin" episode [Intro] For the shorteez! (Doin it for the shorteez) For the shorteez! (Doin it for the shorteez) For the shorteez! (For the shorteez) [mc chris] For the shorteez - gather 'round and let me tell ya somethin For the shorteez - can't you hear them little stomachs rumblin? For the shorteez - yo you gonna eat that raggamuffin? For the shorteez - let's show the shorteez some lovin C'mon, my name is Sir Loin, been at this for a while I got four stomachs for only one stomach and mouth That's a little empty belly with the vacancy sign Kinda like close encounters of the charity kind Ya got canned goods, just collectin dust Ya got meat, got fruit, got vegetables Only prerequisites that can set a bowl Get ya freak on at my freaky food festival Cold cuts a must, I'll even take bread crust Cause the shorteez be beggin, some beggars don't give a {fuck} They's hungry~! Let's face facts, they starvin Feel a void in your heart, fill ya shoppin cart for the shorteez For the shorteez! (For the shorteez, y'all) For the shorteez! (For the shorteez) [mc chris] Think at what's at stake, look upon your plate If it's a slab o' steak, time to regurgitate You got a double chin? Well Little Jim's too slim Your fingers could fit in the little kid's exposed ribs Just think of all the shorteez, can't ya hear 'em cry? Paula, cough up that burger and fries Hams on my left, double cans, Bob's got high Give to the hungry shorteez, so the shorteez won't die Stop the famine please, instead of eatin ham and cheese Throw away your greens, you be pissin on their dreams Gimme all your onion rings, it's aight listen A slice of pizza, it don't matter if a bite's missin! Prime rib, porkchop, porterhouse, it don't stop Stop actin like hogslop, to the shorteez it's a lot They been hungry since birth, so hand over your desert Open up your mouth, stick a finger down, it could be worse Listen closely, gimme all your groceries Cause a little baby's screamin "Man, I need a hoagie!" "Somebody hold me, somebody console me  Somebody boil me up a pot o' pierogis!" Think of what we're facin', all those little faces C'mon it's a race it's... for the shorteez (Check it out) Doin it for the shorteez {*3X*} (Doin it for the shorteez, y'all!) For the shorteez! [mc chris] Got crackers, got chips, got puddin cups You'd be surprised what little shorteez like to munch Could be trash, could be mold, could be excrement Could be a bag o' old diapers, they'd call that lunch Mayonnaise been out for a couple o' days Milk and corpses, scabs and eggs Sweet bread, pig heads, horse heads, too Wanna drop it like it hot? Here's what ya do (For the shorteez!) 6-1-2 Wharf Avenue, what? 6-1-2 Wharf Avenue, what? (For the shorteez!) 6-1-2 Wharf Avenue, what? 6-1-2 Wharf Avenue But please, no more candy yams, man, seriously man We got more candy yams than we know what to do with MC Pee Pants in the h... I mean uhh Sir Loin's in the house, and I'm out~!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MC Chris Album: Eating's Not Cheating * Song: I Want Candy Typed by: www.aquateencentral.com * song used in the show "Aqua Teen Hunger Force"; possibly from this CD I want candy, bubble gum and taffy Skip to the sweet shop with my sweetheart Sandy Got my pennies saved so I'm a sugar daddy I'm her Hugh Cronyn, she's my Jessica Tandy, I want candy! Gonna get ya asses kicked Nasty Do it to your daddy, embarass your own family Just 'cause you came in front of a kid and his candy I need candy Any kind'll do Don't care if it's nutritious or "FDA approved" It's gonna make me spaz like bobcats on booze A hyperactive juice that only I can produce Use a giant drill, bore straight into hell Releasin ancient demons from a sleep forever spell So they can walk upon the earth, and get resituated And hawk the diet pills that MC Pee Pants have created Mess up the mix, mix up the mess Come on down yo, here's the address I said six, one-two Wharf Avenue Six, one-two wharf avanue The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris (Little Brittle) Album: Aqua Teen Hunger Force * Song: Please Come Visit Me Dawg Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * from the "Little Brittle" episode Please come visit me, dawg Well back in 1912, I could kick your ass I did the tango and the foxtrot before it got banned There was ragtime and jazz before there ever was rap Now Im trapped with a colostomy bag in my pants I just rap just to get by Now I'm kicked to the side Sucking blood from the back of my neck, I recollect Suffer jet set, just to get... So I got liver spots bigger than dalmatian dots I'm all alone, won't you please come visit me, dawg Please come visit me, dawg The residue of many who, are about to die Emitted from tragic castle which I'm now reside Come before seven, that's when they close the blinds Strap me down, steal my watch which is no surprise I suck applesauce through a bendy straw When I poop, all the nurses come in and applaud I used to slap at their Bowel trouble you'll, stooool sample, soft and loose soft and loose you got to give me the juice, the Metamuc' Roll me homie My hips all boney, I getting sores, I getting lonely Artist: mc chris Album: Rare Trax Song: Bad (dd) Runner Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Tears, and rain Time, to die [mc chris] I know I seem like a geek but I'm deeper dude Never got picked in gym I was a weaker dude So I built myself a bong out of beaker tubes Then I smoked all them bitches like I'm Pikachu Often times too high to play D&D So I read Micronauts, read the Ninja Teens I read Heavy Metal Magazine In the land of the beaver and the maple leaf East Van BC, so let me proceed to deliver these beats like Deckard on a replicant in 2019 mc chris bad spellah proceed to slice cheese A sci-fi I.V. in your eyeball nightly-ly-ly I see you scared, see you shaking in your boots son Cause bad speller mc chris is in cahoots son It's okay to laugh cause this shits a goofs son Set it on fire and then we raise the roof son [mc chris] Hey Splinter it's me Shredder, and ain't that girl a lez man? I'm so bad at Spelling, Tori told me sorry at the weddin man Special T and Shredder man go ask armageddon man He's too busy sweatin venom just like Eminem and them Hey miss Diddy chump, you can't hold me back Clean up my act, ass hit a yoga mat So I start smokin stacks, let my lungs relax And drove a girl up the coast, proposed, hitched and macked Now I'm one of the wizards for the RTS I make the beats, make the game, make them rub their chests I rock the soda water, word and a slice of lime A no cheat sheet geek, sheik so sci-fly-ly-ly [Chorus] - 2X [Interlude] Go ninja, go ninja, go {*8X*} [movie dialogue] Cause no one's ever gonna find out that they're down here Cause your gonna spot 'em and your gonna air 'em out I don't work here anymore Give it to Holten, he's good - I did He can breathe ok, as long as nobody unplugs him Not good enough, not good as you I need you Deck, cause this is a bad one, the worst yet I need the old Blade Runner, I need your magic [Chorus] - 2X [Outro] Time, to die {*4X*} Time, to die {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Rare Trax Song: Beetlejuice (a/k/a Secret Song) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {"It's show time!"} [mc chris] I'm deadly pale, bad breath, bad teeth Hate the sand and the sun, never see me at the beach I'll stick with goth chicks transfixed on death That wear black britches I insist on nice breasts I sleep in a grave, lived through the Black Plague Actually that's my fault, but don't Wiki that 'kay? Green hair downstairs, boogers, farts, and phlegm That's my stock in trade, see me startin trends Black and white striped suit or a blood-red tux Got jack on my hand, in Japan it's a must I can change shapes, do pranks, and disguises Bio-exorcist, I'm the best in a crisis Parents wanted me to clean up like my brother Boss used to say I didn't work well with others Now I'm independent and my methods are effective Say my name three times if you want to get connected [Chorus: repeat 2X] Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, one, two, three I like a little lady named Lydia Deetz Her demeanor is depressed, I confess, that's sweet Don't try to deny, she's my bride-to-be [mc chris] Hey K-Mart shoppers, there's a sale on my services I'm here to help there's no need for your nervousness I'll eat what you wanna eat, swallow what you say Relieve you of the living that are ruining your day Have you read the handbook for the recently deceased? It's too thick, like my dick, when I think of little Deetz She's the key to my release from this model existence Coffin lining's confining and I want out this instant Me and the Dragster of Doom, we're the baddest of dudes We hit the Inferno Room where the ladies get nude But we're eternally screwed, so I become a bridegroom and get little Lydia to lip-sync an "I do" I must move the Maitlands out of my way Give 'em zipper lips, pitch a plate on their face Say "Hello" to hammer-hands, say "Goodbye" to Goulet Then off to F-L-A, where my review drew raves Shrimp-glove faceplant, we like cassettes, not 8-track Clown face, much like, the ones you see in "Dark Knight" Being dead, kinda sucks, the afterlife's no fun to us I'm the name that people trust, the juice that comes from beetle guts [movie dialogue] Ah well, I attended Julliard I'm a graduate of the Harvard business school I travel quite extensively I lived through the Black Plague and had a pretty good time during that I've seen The Exorcist about a hundred and sixty-seven times and it keeps getting funnier every single time I see it! [Outro] Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice {*3X*} B-b-b-b-Beetlejuice {"The fun has just begun"} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Rare Trax Song: Everywhere * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * cut from "Dungeon Master of Ceremonies" [mc chris] Warm it up chris~! I was thinkin about it Put on my oven mitts and the kitchen gets crowded Girls they wanna taste of my latest concoction Now let me see you put your hands up for adoption It's like everywhere I go, everywhere I be Everybody askin me are you mc I like the episode where you did that thing Would you sign a DVD for my sister please Would you do a voicemail, I can't work my phone Would you make out with my girl, she's on your bone Sometimes I get bummed like I don't wanna live then I listen to some mc chris [mc chris] When I walk into the club - I'm like Moses The crowd parts all the tarts start posin Deejay plays my jam and the floor gets packed Girls wearin dental floss up in they ass crack mc chris in the place in this case a disco Can I hang my homie hoodie on your hip bone Watch me weave through the bitties both skinny and big boned Find a little lady let me get my dick on Billy has ditched, shoot a lisp, made me wish, we had some kids Yo this hotties body's got me never mind the naughty bits Grab my shit and split, hear the cats are lockin lips Like an apocalypse when she give my cock a kiss He's watching me jump out cause that shit be gross Then I hit it behind the dumpster next to Charlie O's Shorty says she likes my style, says she likes my tune Exactly why wasn't I on Danger Doom? [mc chris] Some girls they say that I am dope They ask me who I know, unquote Some girls they like me, I don't know Sometimes I'm just a stepping stone On a plane to L.A., forty thousand feet up Girl figures it out, and the girl goes nuts She's in the seat next to mine, so I try to make nice You can tell she wants a bite like her head on a slice An attractive little package she's like sign my boobs I post on your message board but I'm just a n00b Wear my homemade mc panties, shave your name in my pubes I say that's a little much, but what's a guy gonna do We head to the bathroom, it ain't occupied We start our own little club, up in the sky She's a pro yeah you know she do me right That's when she ask me if I'm a Mooninite The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Rare Trax Song: I Heart Drugs * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * parody of Ke$ha's "Your Love Is My Drug" [mc chris] Maybe I need some rehab Or maybe just need some sleep I've got a sick obsession I'm seein it in my dreams I'm lookin down every alley I'm makin those desperate calls I'm staying up all night hopin hittin my head against the wall The drugs you've got boy, are hard to find I think about them, all the time My brain's on drugs these, eggs are fried I just can't get drugs, off my mind Because I love I love I love - doin drugs I love, I love, I love Because I love I love I love - doin drugs I love, I love, I love [mc chris] Won't listen to any advice Moms tellin me I should think twice But left to my own devices I'm addicted, it's a crisis My friends think I've gone crazy My judgment's gettin kinda hazy My steez is gonna be affected If I keep it up like a real life crackhead [mc chris] I don't care what people say The rush is worth the price I pay I get so high when I smoke weed But crash and crave when the bag's empty HEY~!!! So I've got a question? Do you want to do some bong hits in my basement? Does it make your heart beat when you see a really big nugg? Do you want to do, some drugs? Some drugs? Some drugs? Some drugs? Do you want to do, some drugs? For real [repeat 8X] Because I love I love I love - doin drugs I love, I love, I love [mc chris] Hey, heeey Sooo... mhmmhmm I love, I love, I love, I love {*whispered*} doin drugs I hate my beard The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Rare Trax Song: M and Z Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] I like fuckin, fuckin I like I ride all these bitches like a BMX bike I shimmy in the sheets in the heat of the night She titty fucks my meat while I read her her rights, yo Yo, I kiss vagina, vagina I kiss Unless it is unpleasant, reminiscent of fish Even then I'm all up in it till she's slippin a disc Cause she's got my dick bigger than that thing in +Abyss+ I need money, money I need The people took my power now it's back to magazines Wait, we can make a movie in the nudie industry, what We could make it classy, call it Booty and the Beast, word I buy porn, porn I peruse In fact I have a knack when it comes to the cooz I know +The Secret of the Ooze+ how to +Super Shred+ in bed It's legit and this shit like a pooper in Depends [Chorus: repeat 2X] Zack and Miri, Miri and Zack Their movies are the bomb like your mom on my sack I told my buddies, my buddies told the boards Miriam and Zachary are actually makin porn [mc chris] I love titties, boobies, and breasts I like to bucko bronco while your booty protests I'm an intercourse enthusiast, if I can confess An addict in a panic that can't manage his stress I need to pay my bills, my bills they are late I need to make a dollar in the very worst way Hey~! I was born for porn, make it simple and plain +Two Girls, One Cup+ is my +Citizen Kane+ I need to keep it fresh, fresh I must keep Keep the crowds cumin we all need a release The market place is saturated with pornography peeps Now, suck on his balls while your anus he eats Just give me a directors chair, plastic bag, protective wear Just pretend it's truth or dare, please remove your pubic hair Fuck the balm, moisten cooz, it's just somethin that we do Megaphone and funny boots, I'll tell you where the money shoots [Outro: repeat 2X] Zack and Miri Their movies are the bomb The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Rare Trax Song: SModcast Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] You want a podcast? I got a SModcast! You want a podcast? I got a SModcast! You want a podcast? I got a SModcast! You wanna, you wanna, you wanna, you wanna Do you want a podcast? Do you want a show? Do you get your laughs from computer radio? With this bro, Scotty Mo, it's about time to move your shit Everybody spark a splif, for that legend Kevin Smith~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Rare Trax Song: Twin Peaks Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Na na na na na na na {*2X*} Stack up donuts, pack up the pies Put on the trenchcoat, rack up the lies Overcast sky and the pines are swaying The bird gets the worm so I'm up in the AM Gotta crack a case in a place called Peaks Where the lights all blink and your outlook's bleak Got a lot of caffeine; interrogating teens cause the homecoming queen just rolled up on the beach Wrapped in plastic, white as a sheet Gave a heart attack to a man name Pete who couldn't make coffee, he offered it kindly Tasted like fish, can't put it behind me Back to the hood got a mug of damn good They say somethin black is in the back woods The owl's in disguise and the boys are in the book house Just like Elm Street, know you better look out Nothing in this world ever could prepare me Think later on I maybe need some therapy Talkin to myself, my reflection scares me If I'm gonna die I'll have pie make it cherry (Cherry, cherry, cherry, cherry) That's right Motherfucker, word up! This pie's so good it is a crime {*6X*} Excuse me while I break this rhyme {*2X*} [mc chris] Was it Audrey, oh so tawdry, freshly squeezed little tease? Was it the baddie, Audrey's daddy, busy buying Twin Peaks? Was it Leland, his attorney, always straightening his tie? Was it Norma? She's a killer I'm still waitin for pie Was it Jacoby? He's an oldie; used to run with the gangs Was it Harold Smith, or was his crime that he's just lame? Was it Donna, the elitist, packin peaches for James? Was it Bobby Briggs? I think it is, keep hearin his name Was it Leo? He's a creepo and his ponytail is evil And he got a lot of screen time in the unpopular prequel This detective got diminished so they could finish with Kiefer But I saw Kristen Davis naked she got fish in her beaver (what?) [mc chris] Name is Cooper, I'm in a stupor lying flat in a stained wood room Usually strapped, but I just got capped by a man in black or so you would assume A dude like Lurch says on with the search Will you dare to dream like you did in Dune? So I got three clues, and a gun shot wound and a tick bite bruise, but what'cha gonna do? The breeze in the trees will squeeze out your soul like that shit was tartar control Murder she wrotem nobody wrote back Gotta bust a ghost no proton pack That's right, I put a Ghostbusters reference in a song about Twin Peaks - everybody's happy~!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris Album: Rare Trax Song: Variety Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [mc chris] Name is mc and I'm here to say I rock the mic with asbestos all up in your face Old school like the one used by Ichabod Crane Now watch me think up a phrase then put my spit on display I ain't even begun to begin I get up on the microphone and make fun of your friends I'm like Black Thought cause I got your twenties and tens I'm like your bittie won't go down on me in the back of your Benz Snap off her bra while she kicks off her Keds And put her butt on the bazooka tube and suck on her neck And when I'm done yo your momma is next Stackin' ho's like government checks, you gotta go like you Sever and Ecks So whack mc's like +Butterfly Effect+ - yo they came and they went All they money be spent like the rent All me money's in the pockets of kids That's why I rockin this shit Lickety-split [Chorus: repeat 2X] I read Variety You're box office receipts Are motherfuckin weak You got nothin to say, you shouldn't fuckin speak [mc chris] I got my mind on my money and the rest in escrow Missles on my wrist like my name was Destro I'm whiter than your iPod headphones Name is mc chris so let's go... (let's go~!) I got more rhymes than than Ol' Dirty got cradles I got more bitches than Madonna's got dreidels And when it comes to kickin ass on cable I am more than able But I kick it up a notch on karaoke turntables Never mind the lyrics, know that you can hear it Got the Mononoke spirit when you quote it back so fearless Fuckin shit won't come near, it an mc fan endearment +Save+ it like it's +Ferris+ in a trademark disappearance You can't beat it like coat hangers once used by +Mommy Dearest+ But you run home and you blast it till you know you're hard of hearing Wanna, be in the know gotta, crack the code Ghettoblasted by bad kids across the globe cause I can flow I got, beats galore got rhymes for days I got nothin but a hundred hurricanes in my way a/k/a people sayin quiet down and behave Fuckin lame like the motherfuckin trucker hat craze The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris (Hesh) Album: Sealab 2021 * Song: Go Robot, It's Your Birthday Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * from the "Der Dieb" episode [Quinn] What a bunch of {ass}holes [Murph] Hit it, Hesh! [Chorus: repeat 2X] Go robot! It's your birthday! [Hesh] You're one year older, one year wiser Rock and roll star, king, czar, and a kaiser A roomful of friends, a mouthful of cake Every present is for you, and it feels pretty great You're the man of the hour, the V.I.P. You get the first slice, of the P-I-E But first blow out the candles, and make a wish Put a smile on, cause it's your birthday BITCH~! [Quinn] Seriously, what a bunch of {ass}holes It's not even my birthday The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: mc chris (Hesh) Album: Sealab 2021 * Song: Hesh Wedding Rap Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * from the "Dearly Beloved Seed" episode Yo yo yo let me see them hands, people! Hup, hup, hup! C'mon now, you can feel the beat [mc chris] Remember way back when I was smokin crack You were workin the corner, sellin that ass And I took that rusty pipe and gave your head that gash Then took all your cash and spent it on smack? I feel bad about that, not really, but yeah That and the time I made you shave your cat Oh and the time I said your ass looked fat Or when I played the back nine while you were takin a nap As a matter of fact, I've been a downright jerk Stealin cash from your purse, but that ain't the worst Can't believe I'm the guy who filled your eye with {sperm} We went to the ER and I hit on the nurse Now we're here in a church, to make it official I love you, you bitch, you're a {motherfuckin} pistol Your very hard nipples are worth every wolf whistle Now say "I do," your mouth's got a date with my missle Uh oh! Equipment failure Hesh beat box fill {*beat box sounds*} {*record scratch*} Sorry, my bad {*record scratch*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Childish Gambino f/ mc chris Album: Poindexter Song: The Awesome Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hook: mc chris] I am the awesome, you see me flossin Watch me walk, upon ,your face Make that incision, I leave you itchin just to join, my mon-ster race Say I'm just messin, yeah well I'm pissed that I can't keep, an e-ven key You think you know me, but you can blow me cause you don't, know how, I feel [Childish Gambino] It's Childish Gambino ho - what you know about that? Niggaz 'fraid to go outside, they some house cats Cause if they see me, they might have to act right I'm livin life right, like I got a past life Boy I got a flashlight, check my fuckin hoodie skin Like God was makin light and threw my hoodie in Bambi, naw nigga that's my pseudonym Call me Elroy, nigga we some hooligans And just in case I keep a million in the glove box Blast this shit from in your car to make the hood rock Ice cold, bright colors like a juice pop And if you try to touch my shit I'll make your juice pop Yes I get a two spot just for fuckin showin up Boy it's me, TNT, boy I'm blowin up Nigga throw it up, noy I am the awesome Call me Elroy or Mr. Hey-How-Much-It-Cost-Him [mc chris] Okay~!!! Rackin 'em, stackin 'em, packin these parlors Gettin these, beatin these hoes like Carver Whittle like cardboard, steady like barbers I'm back and forth from the front to the starboard Back up Marlin, it's only a suit Like high torch cause he ain't get the boot Like fly gossip, birds in the zoo Cause the underground sound I'm reiteratin through Once I'm in the mad loop, what a real man do With a cannibalistic crew, when they runnin on the loose Can't handle the truth, like a fart to a scoop Put my hand on the mic and my mind on the loot Crime to duke, ridin away I'm a dick snub that you bothered to say I get krunk then the car pull away Now don't get sick got the shit on spray, okay? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Childish Gambino f/ mc chris Album: Sick Boi Song: Tru Dudes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Childish Gambino] Is it really that bad that my clothes is tight? That I hydrate babes like Pedialyte That I stay rock hard like a meteorite Thought your homeboy here was an idiot right? Welllll you thought wrong, I got flavor I rock shows with the blue light sabre I hit dimes but also date eighters I make moves, blow up like Al'Qaeda I'm in kicks that you can't buy yet Your kicks okay like your name Wyatt Care Bear clockers, pink highlighters Haters wanna snack my heat like firefighters Boys out there think they're just like me Naw naw, y'all funny, y'all from UCB? Y'all standin in line, I'm in V.I.P. Y'all know shit 'bout me like T.I.P., hah! {*skatting and harmonizing*} [mc chris] You think your voice is funny man? That's kind of hilarious I'm the rapper makin money when the shadow in your area I'm like a damager cause I'm a little loquacious I do it for the hotties with the bodies bodacious I'm high pitched, might flip you diss my node Think chris ain't the shit, you can kiss my chode Kick your ass, sales not too early to boast Seriously bro, hand over the security code Because my rhymes so fresh, green grocers' gotta spray 'em Fired all my lawyers cause I didn't wanna pay 'em From the P.M. to the A.M. I'll slay 'em with the sawed-off Make a little money and I'll smoke the marijuana mc without Glover is Matubb without Wigs Jammin peed the bottle with the grocer on her kids If one smokes Khan, the other smokes Mids Let's mix it up a little like the DJ did Bacardi and Coke, black and white cookie Smokin in the alley cause you know we're playin hookie and we're up to no good, please don't tell our mommas Democrist is the dutch, cause we got this for Obama [Childish Gambino] Sick of the Old Yeller, money like bank tellers The chicks that I'm with are thicker thank Nutella Y'all need to switch quick and get with a slick fella Cause I'm bout to go Rihanna like I'm an umbrella Come over to my place, we can cut like shears And make some mistakes like Jamie Lynn Spears I'm nasty? No - forward? Yes I'm hip to the game, you're a rook like chess My money so long that they call it John Silver's Your money so light that it float like pillows Oopsy, killers, you can see Cause they close up shop when the clerks see me I'm not Kanye, but my collar's popped Cause the bro's like soda, I shit you not This shit's bright orange, Fanta shade You got the yellow face, that's my lemonade I'mma try to stay tight like girls that fuck hard And stay in the Bay with green like Brett Farve  {*four bars of silence*} [Chorus] - to end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MC Lars f/ mc chris Album: The Graduate Song: The Roommate from Hell Typed by: @mc_lars @_mcchris Welcome to Mirrielees orientation My name's Nate, and I'll be your RA for this year Today we'll be moving into our dorms and building community So go get your keys from the main office, come back and get ready to meet your roommatesalright?? He was the roommate from Hell! He was the roommate from Hell! MC Lars: Satan was my roommate, so junior year was Hell He lacked social skills and had a pungent smell When your roommate is the devil it can be extremely whack Putting posters on the wall of Trapt and Nickelback Until the break of dawn he'd be mutilating sheep "It's 4 am Satan, can you please go to sleep?" I can't have girls over when the dorm smells like sterno When did room 56 become Dante's inferno? He likes death and destruction I like radio and art He likes holding down Christians and reading Jean-Paul Sartre While I'm going to class studying my notes He's eating baby fetuses and sacrificing goats He tricks the freshman girls into eating apples Holding black masses down at the campus Chapel Should have never moved in, wish I were dead Should have found a place off campus on Craig's List instead He was the roommate from Hell, his name is Lucifer Someone call a priest, and bring the crucifer He was the roommate from Hell leaves his pitchfork in my bed I'm in a satanic panic cause he is messing with my head mc chris: yo pass that giant balloon of helium over here, yo Lars: okay but, wait, Satanthat's too much! mc chris: Boy you need a bitch slap Not my fault we're mismatched You geek out over Beakman's world I dig on world of Witchcraft You're thinking that I'm riff raff, huffing on a dishrag I am just a player, playing Slayer then I kick back I know I reek of sulfur, leave the shower curtain open I come home drunk, make crank calls To Queens and then Hoboken But college is like Salem, all these bitches be so smokin' If you're thinking that I'm leaving that I'm thinking that you're jokin I gotta share my bunk with this post punk chump Calls this place a dumb says, "You've been through my stuff" I wish you'd go to Hell I say, Hey that's where I'm from! Blasts Death Cab and Devo he's too emo to get crunk I was a very nice boss down in Paradise Lost I had very nice bling cause my minions mind floss To hell with college, this is knowledge at a very high cost Gotta go do some blow with that hoKate Moss! He was the roommate from Hell, his name is Lucifer Someone call a priest, and bring the crucifer He was the roommate from Hell leaves his pitchfork in my bed I'm in a satanic panic cause he is messing with my head mc chris: Lars you're causing laughter when you call yourself a rapper dude How many Dead Milkman albums are there named after you? I always got beer. I always got weed. Best roommate ever if you'd ever ask me! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MC Lars f/ KRS-One, mc chris, Rittz Album: Indie Rocket Science Song: What Is Hip-Hop? Typed by: @mc_lars (Horris Records) Every-Everything's fallin' Every-Everything's fallin-fallin' Every-Everything's fallin' Every-Everything's fallin' a- [KRS-One] It's always a privilege to spit with Lars I'm a reality speaker, forget them cars I'm learning how to teleport to reach to Mars When you love this to live this, you spit your bars I spit a quick barrage switch to Rs Before you get burnt by all these lit cigars I spit because the time is upon us Prophecy: Edgar Cayce, Nostradamus Are they in the future or really far behind us? Past perceptions trying to find us and blind us Topical, poetically philosophical Today's education is unappliable I think with my abdominal, life is phenomenal You make it all up with your optical Every moment is optional That means anything I think in a blink is possible Every-Everything's fallin' a- Every-Everything's fallin' apart! (can't you tell me) Every-Everything's fallin' apart! (can't you tell me) Every-Every-Everything [MC Lars] What is Hip-Hop? Is it what you wear? Is it the brands that you rep or the way you wear you hair? Is it your attitude, gratitude, identity or fate? Your history, your future or the problems that you face? Is it the spirit of the times? The Zeitgeist, believe it Divinity inside of me, we breathe it cause we need it The Gospel of Hip-Hop, it really changed my life KRS relieved the stress  I had to read it twice When it all falls apart I remember what he said It's not about the cheddar, creme, fame, skill or bread Its's carbon truth in beauty, learning to respect Learning how to love, put your selfishness in check What is Hip-Hop? Divine self-discovery Mastering the elements, defining just what love can be Testifying truthfully, rhyming with the best I see the light, it feels so right cause Hip-Hop's got me blessed I stay up, even when everything's falling apart Every-Everything's fallin' a- Every-Everything's fallin' apart! (can't you tell me) Every-Everything's fallin' apart! (can't you tell me) Everything's fallin' a- [Rittz] Yeah, you fuck on me your whole career is gonna fall apart Servin' rappers individually, a la carte Who got an open menu, nobody cool and don't pretend you Ain't feelin' this, I'm killing shit, please don't continue To hate, It's safe to say I'm one of the hottest rapping Hotter than wasabi dressing, hot like the Mojave Desert I fuck your bitch, my homie got the sloppy seconds I got her legs in the air kickin' like she taking body lessons Bitch you got a second? Nah bitch, I'm kinda busy My grind is grizzly, no time this instant Key to everything, impeccably my timing is so sublime You've heard this slow shit now back to the double time I was jumping on the microphone when I was young and the skippers got kicked but I was losing my mind under the pressure of a half on the back of the stiff dope Every bitch chilling into the head and then pray for the day that I get fucked They settled in but just sick of, rapping the shit that they get to Every-Everything's fallin' a- Every-Everything's fallin' apart! (can't you tell me) Every-Everything's fallin' apart! (can't you tell me) Everything's fallin' a- [mc chris] What is Hip-Hop? It's the sound that a bunny makes Today's Hip-Hop might leave a funny taste Flavor that you savor is a little artificial Pinky-wink twinkies got no filling in the middle Keep it simple. Follow the Hip-Hop commandments Keep it real. Represent like our fucking dads' did Our elders, our betters, the ones who did it first Pioneers are outta here, stars about to burst It's up to the descendants and I ain't talking dirty sheets I am what I am even though they want to murder me They just pissed because I'm true to the art form Make a loud sound like a fucking car horn True to my rhymes cause that shit pays off I'm my own boss, can't be laid off No clock to punch, no breaks to take What is Hip-Hop? Non-stop mistakes 